 Frank ushered us in while telling us to undress. When Bill and I were standing there in front of Frank with only our bright yellow bras and panties on, Frank spoke to me, "Mary, I see that you talked your wife, Belle, into joining us today. My, she is a beauty. Look how hard her clit is already." Frank walked behind Bill, reached into his panties and started stroking his stiff prick. "Nice to meet you, Belle. You are just ravishing in your slutty underwear." Frank slowly rubbed his monster cock against Bill's panty-clad ass, and whispered in his ear, "Look at your wife. Imagine this huge cock all the way up her cunt. Would you like to see that, Belle? Do you want see your slutty wife cumming all over my prick?"

Bill whispered back, "God yes, I want you to put your seed as far into my wife as you can reach with your huge dick. Please fuck her right now."

Frank replied, "Well, aren't you the horny slut, Belle? But, first there are some rules. I know that you two have been monogamous up until now, so we can play together today, but in the future, you both need to provide medical documentation for proof of clean health. My friends and I always keep recent copies of them on hand, which you also must provide monthly to continue playing here together."

"Further, there are to be no accusations of coercion or rape. We don't need to fuss with signed releases, or other paperwork, but do you see that red door to my playroom?" As we nodded our assent, Frank continued, "If you enter that red door, you are agreeing to anything sexual that goes on in that room. Behind the red door is a self-locking sex bench. If you voluntarily choose to lock yourself onto that sex bench, you are giving your permission to anyone that chooses to do anything sexual to you that they want, with the exception of violence or bathroom games. Do you fully understand these rules?"

I answered with a resounding, "Yes.", and as Frank and I turned to Bill, he managed to squeak out a feeble, "Okay, okay, I agree."

The three of us marched straight through the red door into Frank's playroom. It was simply awesome. The complete opposite of a foreboding dungeon, it was cushioned and upholstered on most surfaces except the glossy oak floor that felt warm to our bare feet. It had mood lighting and coordinated, brown and reddish colors throughout. There were areas of smooth leather, alternating with patches of velvet and a wide variety of padded chairs, tables, benches, and sofas. While Bill and I roamed the room feeling the luxurious textures, we noticed one entire wall was covered in mirrors from floor to ceiling, with a few bondage fixtures mounted directly in front of the mirrors.

Frank noticed our questioning glances at the mirror wall, and said, "Don't worry about that, it is only the voyeur room. Sometimes it is empty, sometimes it only has a handful of my playmates who want to watch for awhile, and sometimes I invite total strangers to enjoy the show, only if they agree to absolute discretion. In honor of your debut today, I have invited an entire roomful to watch, and even though I made sure that a few of them know you both, you will never find out which of your friends or family are watching your degradations. In order to be invited, I assure you that they submitted to a very compromising situation that guarantees their cooperation in secrecy."

"Now, Mary, drop your bra and panties and show our audience your nakedness, please. And, Belle, keep your frillies on, for now." I almost died from embarrassment, wondering who we knew that were watching me get naked, but I also was determined to finish this experiment. So, I slowly revealed my entire body to our unknown audience. After a short time, excitement started to trump my embarrassment, so I rolled one of my nipples between my fingers, as I slid a finger into my weeping slit. I was ready for anything now, and I moved to the self-locking bench in the middle of the room. I sat down on the short seat, facing the mirror wall.

I had to spread my legs as far apart as I could for my knees to reach the padded cuffs in each corner on the top of the bench. I closed the cuffs around my legs just above the knees until they snapped shut. I could see no way to unlock them, and started to shiver with my anticipation of what would happen next. I then laid on my back, and reached behind me with my left hand until I felt an arm cuff near the corner of the bench. As soon as I put my arm into it, the cuff automatically snapped shut on my arm just above my elbow.

Before securing my right arm, I thought about my predicament. Snapping that last cuff would seal my fate as a slut wife, and I briefly worried about Bill backing out and leaving me like a used cum rag. But I also knew that I needed to do this in hopes of us enjoying our new sexuality together. I found the right arm cuff behind me, and it also snapped shut automatically when I placed my arm into it. I then immediately started shaking with fear and excitement. Frank noticed my plight and he commanded four of his playmates into the room to warm me up.

There was a warming bath of lotion nearby that all four elderly gentlemen used to rub all over my body, invading and exploring every inch, including every opening and every crease of my body. When I was completely warm and panting, two of the men on each side of the bench made me stroke their cocks with lotion, while one turned my head to the side, and entered my mouth. The last man oiled his member up and penetrated my married pussy with his substantial manhood. I was in heaven. I lost track of reality and basked in the feeling of four men using me for their pleasure.

But it ended quickly, as the man in my cunt pulled out and came all over my pussy lips. And while the two men that I was jacking off started to cum over both of my boobs, the last guy pulled out of my mouth and came all over my face. As the realization of my shame in front of Bill, Frank, and the audience flooded back into my consciousness, my sexual mania caused me to writhe in anguish, while I desperately begged for more sex.

Frank answered my degrading pleas, "My, my, Mary, you are a happily married woman. Are you certain you want to violate your marriage vows and let just anyone fuck you? What would your husband say? Your friends? Your family? Some of them are here today to witness your desires. What say you?"

I growled at him, "I want anyone to fuck me, anyway they want. I want everybody to fuck me, and treat me like a whore. But it is your cock that I have been dreaming about ever since I saw you cum in the theater. I want your cock most of all violating every fiber of my being. Shove it in me and rape me, I am begging you. I want your manhood filling me completely. I will do absolutely anything that you want. Just FUCK ME, FUCK ME, and KEEP FUUUCKING MEEE!!"

There wasn't much else I could do at the moment to further degrade myself, so Frank slowly walked up to my imprisoned body and then forced his huge dong into my convulsing fuck chamber. I was orgasming, talking in tongues, and flailing about for the entire ten minutes that Frank pushed his monster in and out of me. When his huge load started filling me up, I felt like mother earth opening up to receive the entire bounty of heaven.

It wasn't until the shock of Frank's withdrawal jarred me back to the reality of my shameful behavior, that I finally dissolved into a blob of sobbing apologies. Yet, I soon realized that Bill was still in his sexual frenzy from witnessing my despicable behavior, because he was furiously trying to eat all of Frank's cum from me. I was greatly relieved to know that Bill was still willing to disgrace himself before all witnesses by eating men's cum from me. My lust for Frank's cock was slowly replaced by my affection for my loving husband. I simply knew then that I wanted both experiences in my life, and I was never more sure that Bill was now completely on board with the idea. 

When Bill finished licking the last streaks of cum from my body, Frank walked over and released me from the sex bench I was locked onto. Frank then asked Bill, "Are you willing to awaken your true sexual being? The one that you have always been curious about? The one that will make you feel complete?"

"Yes. I want to know what a woman feels like when she is taken. Please use me anyway you choose. I want to be a cum dump for any and all, and I want to feel like my wife Mary did just now."

"Excellent, my sweet Belle. And Mary, do you want to experience the thrill of male dominance and the sensation of planting your cum into your wife's pussy?"

"I would give anything to experience that.", I replied.

Frank then instructed two females and two males to escort us into a nearby changing room. I was quickly bathed and the two men shaved my entire crotch as smooth as a baby's butt, while Bill was given a lilac scented bubble bath by the two women.

I was fitted with a weirdly shaped three pronged dildo, with two of the protrusions inserted deep into my ass and pussy. The last prong jutted almost straight up from my pussy and had a hard tube in its center, surrounded by quite an impressive mass of soft rubber in the shape of a very veiny cock, complete with two very soft balls hanging below it that jiggled when I moved. The men then applied spirit gum adhesive all around my pussy and ass. After coating the thin, but rather stiff flange of the dildo, they waited for the cement to get tacky, then pressed the flange all around my pussy and ass to glue the dildo firmly in place. Wow, it fit like a glove. Even if it had been custom made for me, it couldn't have fit any better.

Bill, meanwhile, was going through a complete metamorphosis. A hair removal cream was used to smooth every inch of his body, followed by makeup and a wig. Size C silicone breast forms were cemented in place, and he was fitted with a pair of flesh colored silicone panties with a prosthetic vagina. Bill's cock was inserted into the vaginal canal from inside the panties, so that any cock entering his rubber vagina from the outside would be in full contact with Bill's cock inside the tight sheath. In fact, the channel narrows towards the end, so that the maximum pressure on the two cocks inside would be at the very tips of their cocks. We put our matching yellow underwear back on and were then escorted back into the playroom. 

Bill removed his underwear in front of the mirrors when ordered to by Frank, and after regaining a bit of his composure, he slowly and deliberately locked himself onto the sex bench. Then the same four gentlemen that ravaged me earlier did the exact same things to Bill. They left him covered with their cum from his beautiful womanly face to the lips of his rubber vagina.

Frank then made me remove my panties and bra in front of the mirrors, and the audience could at last fully see my fitted dildo in all its glory. I slathered my stiff rod with warm lotion and walked over to 'Belle'. They had completely transformed my husband into a stunningly beautiful woman. My reluctance to even touch such a fragile vision of beauty was soon shattered by her pleading demands to be fucked, and the slutty reminder of all the cum covering her face and body.

A sudden rush of lust sprang from an unfamiliar part of my brain, and I felt an urge to furiously attack Belle's ass with my fuckstick. But I managed to overcome that instinct, in order to slide my cock in very slow motion, up Belle's girly asschute. That feeling of power and control, however, soon caused me to lose all self-restraint. I found myself robotically pounding the writhing man-girl with all my might, and without any concern or regard for her comfort or pleasure.

Belle's high-pitched screams of delight, however, belied my lack of empathy, and I completely gave in to my need to dominate this lovely, seemingly delicate, creature. Just then, somehow, someway, the probes in both my ass and up my pussy began pulsating and vibrating. I reacted by uncontrollably shoving my cock deep into Belle's ass, and began squirting my cum up the hollow shaft of my cock, and deep inside my fuck doll's ass. I don't know if Bill felt like a girl at that moment, all I know for sure is that I felt like a man, depositing his seed into a beautiful lady.

When Frank left the vibrators inside me running, long after my climax ended, I also came to understand the feeling that guys get when they are stimulated too long after cumming. Poor Belle, she wanted to continue getting fucked in the worst way, but I was through with her, and I withdrew my cock from her ass.

Frank, though, walked over and placed his oily cock at Belle's asshole. He asked, "Are you ready to truly become a woman, Belle?"

Bill screamed out, "I want to be your cum bucket. Fuck me with your huge manhood. Fill me with your cream and breed me like a fuckpig. I need your cock. Please, please rape me and make me a complete woman."

Bill was trying his best to push his asshole onto Frank's cock, but the restraints prevented him from succeeding. Frank took his time, and penetrated so slowly, that Bill's excited efforts to be fucked made Frank feel like his cock was entering a vibrating pussy. Bill's mania became too much for him at this point, and he came inside his rubber vagina, filling almost the entire sheath with his cum.

But Frank was just beginning to reach Bill's inner depths, and his assault quickly turned into a furious attack. In no time, Bill responded energetically, and continued his mewling and agonized squirming for the next half an hour, until Frank shrieked in ecstasy, and filled Bill's ass with a huge deposit of his cum.

It came as a huge shock to all that didn't know Frank, when he withdrew his cock from Bill's ass and squatted down to suck every drop of his own cum out of Bill. Frank then sucked all of Bill's cum out of the rubber vagina, and proceeded to lick every drop of goo the other men had sprayed on Bill's face and body.

After releasing Bill, and giving us a short breather, Frank blindfolded us both and made us suck every person in the voyeur room off, regardless of gender. True to his word, when Frank removed our blindfolds, we then found out he had indeed brought some of our family to witness our debut. But, that is a different story.

Bill and I were now officially wedded in perversion.