 I was amazed by how little time it took to get horny again, replaying all my sexual experiences since the previous day. By the time I arrived at the parking lot of the theater, five minutes before two o'clock, I had replayed my recent exploits so often that I felt like a DVR. Which probably explains why I started masturbating right there in my car. I first glanced around to make sure no one could see me, and since I had parked quite a ways from the theater entrance, there were no cars parked nearby. I slid my hand deep into my panties and started a slow circling rub of my clit. I certainly didn't need any lubrication, so after a few minutes, I just jammed all four of my fingers into my slit and started rubbing my clit with my thumb.

Fear of discovery once again ratcheted up my passion, but instead of heeding it by looking around constantly, I closed my eyes so I could feed on that fear. Well, my decision certainly began working, because, as I neared a sexual peak, I had almost convinced myself that a crowd of people was gathered around my car to watch my depravity. But deep down I knew that nobody was really there, and decided that it would be more stimulating to stare at anyone that I could see in the parking lot, even if they were too far away to know what a craven slut I was. When I opened my eyes, I was startled and gave out a loud shriek because I was facing a huge cock pressed against my window only inches away.

It didn't take me long to recognize that it was that stranger's gnarly old cock that I had watched being masturbated the day before. When I looked around and saw that no one else was in the parking lot right then, I relaxed and slowly resumed my debauchery. Because he was facing the theater entrance, I knew that anyone could see him with his monsterous cock pressed against my window from quite a distance away. That thought pushed me back to the sexual plateau I had reached moments earlier. As I stared at his slab of meat, I quickly raised my skirt, yanked off my panties, and spread my legs very wide for him to enjoy. Realizing that I was a happily married woman, yet willing to risk the utter humiliation of discovery, made my cunt start to gush a torrent of pussy juice. 

When precum started flowing down his shaft, he used it to start sliding his dick up and down my window, smearing his juice all over it. That caused me to lose any reservations that I hadn't already overcome and I started to lick my window on the inside right where his dick was sliding on the outside. Not only would I normally think his (and my) lewd display was sick, but that my behavior was just plain silly. Yet, here I was, starting to climax in total ecstasy, and even wishing that others were witnessing my degradation.

Right then I spotted two kids stopped in their tracks very near my car, staring at our shameful activity. That completely pushed me over the edge, and I involuntarily arched my back, screamed out, "Fuck me, Fuck me, FUCK ME!!", and then squirted a fountain of cunt juice all over my dashboard. Naturally, being young men of college age, having seen my most private parts totally exposed, and hearing my screams to be fucked, they came right over to ask if they could help. As my face turned red as a beet, I calmly rolled down my window and said, "No thanks, not today, but if you come back here Friday at the same time, I'll let you guys do whatever you want to me."

One of them said, "Okey dokey, miss pokey, we'll see you then." As they grinned and turned to leave, I added, "And bring some of your friends." Wow, I surprised myself with my ability to talk dirty to complete strangers, but in for a penny...

"Well, I guess you changed your mind about coming back here, today.", the dirty old man finally said with a huge grin on his face. "You must have been pretty convincing with your husband last night."

I answered, "Yeah, I just told him that I had sucked you off, and then tricked him again by tying him up and pretending that I went out and had wanton sex with two complete strangers. He shocked me when I returned home by eating all the cum in me. Fortunately, when I told him the truth, that I had actually just gave him back his own cum, he still begged me to become a slut to other men and bring him home proof of my indiscretions so he could gobble it all up."

Then he said, "It sure looks like you have yourself a bisexual husband. That is perfect, because I am bisexual, too, and would love to enjoy you both."

I loudly interjected, "Slow down there, mister. If you are bi, how can we trust that you are disease free? And even though I am fairly certain he is bi, he doesn't think that he is, and claims that his cum eating is just for the humiliating rush he gets from that degradation and in reality it disgusts him."

He started chuckling in amusement and replied, "I have been bi my entire life, and I have seen it all. There is no doubt in my mind that I could get him to do whatever I want him to. He just needs a bit more enticement, and I can help you with that. And because I have been bi my entire life, I have frequent checkups. You are welcome to come to my house where I can give you proof that I am completely disease free."

I responded, "But you're a total stranger to me and I would be foolish to go to your home and possibly get raped. Besides, I want my husband and I to enter into sexual contact with others at the same time. I don't want to actually violate our wedding vows until we do it together."

The old man said, "Well, first, my name is Frank Hampton, how do you do? And second, I could have tried to touch yesterday in the theater, and I could have climbed in your car and ravaged you just now, when you were in the throes of passion. I didn't do either, because I promised you that if you let me help you entice your husband, I would completely respect your wishes."

I said, "Okay you are right, not only do I apologize for swearing at you yesterday, but I thank you for respecting my wishes, especially since I just invited two strangers and their friends to rape me on Friday. I won't meet them, of course, unless I can convince my husband Bill to join me in depravity by then. And my name is Mary Walker, nice to meet you, Frank. Just what have you got in mind to help me entice Bill?"

"That depends on how far you want to push him. I suspect that you want to go farther than just having him watch you fuck, because he already is fine with you being a slut without him. The question is if you would enjoy Bill being fully bisexual."

"The only way I would let myself be used by strangers is if Bill chooses to be used by men, also. I would love to see him doing nasty things with other guys, and I know that he would really enjoy it on some level, as well. I even want him shamed into wearing girl's clothes."

Frank said, "That is fantastic. Let's go to my place first, so I can show you my clean bill of health, then off to the porn shop."

I followed Frank's car for a couple of miles, and then we went straight inside his house. After he had shown me his latest medical papers, I said, "Let's go!" Frank responded, "Just a minute, my plan involves lots of cum. I didn't cum in the parking lot on purpose, so I could save it for your husband, just in case you might agree to my plan. In fact, I have jacked off four times since yesterday, thinking about your sweet pussy and his young cock hole, and I have all of that cum saved up in my refrigerator. I can manage two more loads this afternoon with your help, of course."

Frank immediately dropped his pants, pulled down his shorts, and put a rubber on his gnarly sausage. I probably should have had the sense to leave, but I instantly melted at the sight of his mushroom tipped member. Sinking back on his couch, I once again pulled off my panties and spread my legs very wide for him, saying, "I sure hope I can entice Bill to come here with me soon, so I can feel that monster cock of yours splitting me open and pushing on my cervix. I want him to see his wife doing everything in her power to get your nasty rod so far in my married cunt that I almost pass out with delirium. Then I want to see Bill begging to be used like a girl."

I became so overcome with lust then, that I started to shove my entire fist up into my twat, but Frank won the race and started shooting his massive load into his rubber. Oh well, I thought, as I popped my fist back out of my slut cavern, I'm pretty sure it'll be my turn to cum, soon.

We drove in Frank's car to an arcade in a nearby suburb, and after going right in, Frank led me to the dildo display section. In no time at all, a sleazy looking, middle-aged man came over to us and asked if he could help. Frank answered, "Yes, indeed. We need a strap-on harness and a large dildo to fit it. One that you can fill with liquid to squirt out." The sleaze-ball replied, "Sure thing, those are getting really popular, but I will get you all that I have left." He reached into the display case, pulled a set out and placed them on the counter, then went into the back and brought out two more harnesses and one more dildo. "Anything else I can do for you?", he asked. 

"Yes, there might be something else. My slut here is real horny and wants to cum right now. She can't be touched, but it would be so kind of you if you could jack off for her to watch, while she masturbates herself. She really is a wanton slut and may squirt on your floor, but I know you'ld enjoy the show." I almost died of embarrassment, as my face turn bright crimson, but he readily agreed and Frank led me into the back room right behind the guy. When Frank demanded that I strip completely, I started to protest, but his stern admonitions weakened my resolve, as I started to feel that now familiar mixture of shame and sex. After I had dropped every stitch of clothing, mr sleaze just stood there gawking at my married body. Frank then demanded that I start masurbating, which I was too inhibited to do at first, until my dignity was slowly absorbed by my growing sexual mania, and eventually, I was feverishly fucking my hand into myself. 

When sleazy finally showed me his dick, it was one of the ugliest I have ever seen, and I could even smell the nasty odor coming from his crotch from a few feet away. Which, of course, turned me on even more. Although his cock was rather small, that baby could launch missiles. When I opened my mouth a minute later to yell out an obscenity, he shot out his first spurt of cum and unbelievably that wad of slime landed right in my open mouth. It had a horrible texture and taste, but that just pushed my orgasm to new heights and I involuntarily squirted at least a cup of girl juice all over his floor, his pants, and his shoes. He wasn't complaining, though, because he was too busy aiming his next four nasty cum spurts all over my tits and stomach, while cackling like a hyena.

I was so mortified when I realized the extent of my debauchery, that without even thinking, I ran right out of the store room, and back into the shop, where I instantly froze when I confronted three customers who were staring at the cum dripping down my body. I'm not sure, but maybe subconsciously I wanted to expose myself to these strangers. As that idea seeped into my consciousness, I simply kneeled down where I was standing, and pleaded with the men to drench me in their cum.

By this time, Frank and mr sleaze arrived and had overheard my shameful request. Sleazy started laughing and calling me all kinds of nasty things, while Frank just stood there and chuckled. Sleazeball asked, "Well, what are you waiting for boys? Do as the slut begged you to do. Cover her completely with your cum." Frank quickly added, "But no touching, no touching at all." Even at Frank's age, he was still an imposing figure, and I am sure the men took his warning seriously.

At this point, I was so lost in my sexual madness, that I don't remember many details of the ensuing activity, but there were more than three men drenching me with their cum. I think some men came out of the back of the arcade, and others had just entered from outside.

The only thing that I am clear on now is that I ended up not entirely covered in cum, but definitely dripping cum off most parts of my body. I then went into the back room, where I put just my blouse and skirt back on over their slimy goo, leaving my bra and wet panties as a prize for mr sleaze. While I was getting dressed, Frank bought one of the dildos, a harness, and a small and a large butt plug . He then drove us straight back to his house.

True to Frank's prediction, he did manage one last ejaculation, albeit with me slamming him in his ass with the brand new strap on. One thing I noticed was that I really liked the feeling of control that I acquired as I adjusted my strokes into his shit chute. It seemed as if I had discovered at least part of the thrill that a man has when violating someone else's body. By the time I had caused Frank to fill up his condom with goo, I had a difficult time keeping myself from taking off the strap on and fucking myself to oblivion with the just used dildo. But I knew that I needed to save some sexual energy for my dear hubby, so I just pushed the filthy thing into my twat and held it there for a minute, to revel in the depravity of having the filthy dildo deep inside my married twat.

We went into Frank's kitchen where he gave me one of the condoms that he had stored in his refrigerator and instructed me to warm it up in my mouth. Then he poured about a teaspoon of coffee creamer into the condom he had just used and squished it around until it was mixed up with his huge wad of cum. He extracted most of that mixture into a large dispensing syringe (without needle) and capped it. All four of the other refrig condoms were dumped into a tall, capped plastic bottle that held maybe a half cup of his cum. He gruffly told me, "Jump up on my kitchen table and spread your legs, cunt, I'm going to fuck your whore gash with my cum bottle." 

I shrieked, "But you promised not to touch me!" He quickly replied, "I'm not, you sex crazed slut, only the bottle will touch your precious love canal." And then he proceeded to roughly and repeatedly jab most of the bottle up my cunt. Thanks to my residual arousal, the bottle's rounded edges, and the squishy sounds made by my sopping pussy, I couldn't stop myself from madly humping back at it.

He then lowered his voice, "Take it all you stupid bitch, take four loads of my nasty ball slime up your depraved cunt. Are you so stupid that you still think you haven't violated your marriage vows? You're just a brain-dead cum slut, and so is your husband. How does it feel to be violated by someone three times your age? Your husband must be both a faggot and an imbecile for letting you slut around without him. Tell me what it feels like to betray him... Now!"

I could only manage to mumble out, "But, but... I love my husband and haven't touched anyone else sexually. I..., I haven't completely broken my vows to him." But my feelings of stupidity, rage, and depravity, soon overpowered the timidity that his insults had generated. A minute later I blurted out, "Go ahead and fuck me you cock-sucking pervert! I want to be raped by your ugly old cock. To hell with my husband, I want you to shove your huge sausage so far up my virgin ass that it comes out of my mouth!"

And just as I was ready to burst into an earth-shaking orgasm, he pulled the bottle completely out of me and said, "No, but thanks for warming up the bottle of cum. I will wait until you bring your faggot hubby with you tomorrow so he can watch me rape you. I promised to not violate you until then, and I will keep that promise, Mary. As he handed me the syringe with the creamer and cum mixture, he ordered me to squirt half of it up my pussy, followed by the large butt plug, and the rest of it up my ass, followed by the small butt plug.

While I was carrying out his instructions, he took the condom that was still in my mouth, and refilled the syringe with its contents mixed with a little more creamer. He gathered up our collection of sex toys and handed me the bag. "There's your 'evidence', now go home and use it wisely, because you are strictly forbidden to cum until you have turned your husband out, or decided to abandon this game. Give your husband a kiss from me, literally.", with a huge grin on his face.