 My wife loves me. She is, and has always been, faithful and true. She makes me feel appreciated and adored every day. I've never once thought that she might stray or betray our vows, and I'm careful to make sure she feels the same from me.

Before we were together, though, she was promiscuous. I never asked for all the details, but I know she's had dozens of sexual partners, many of which she never even dated or knew. There were anonymous blowjobs, quickies at clubs around town, and I've gotten the feeling there was a long stretch where she brought home a new guy every weekend. I can't really hold it against her - I was one of those guys, after all. I just happened to be the last one. (By the way, if you have a choice between a virgin and a woman who knows how to suck a cock, always choose the experienced one.)

So with zero concern about her fidelity and with the security she gives me in our marriage I have no problem indulging her fantasy. I guess it's a holdover from her days of one night stands, but nothing makes her hotter than the idea of being fucked by a stranger. It's not a rape fantasy thing, she just fantasizes about being intimate with an anonymous stranger. I don't take it personally at all, and honestly it has always turned me on in ways I don't really understand. It also makes me horny to think of what it does to her.

Since we're not swingers and she's a faithful wife, we have to resort to role play to fill that fantasy. About once a month or so I'll blindfold her, leave her alone in the bedroom for a while, then come back and try to do something... Well, different from my normal "thing." Even though she KNOWS it's me, it seems to be enough for her to get lost in the fantasy of an unknown stranger filling her holes.

Time for the next level.

I had planned this for literally months. I placed ten Craigslist ads. I must have looked at 100 photos of cocks. I was looking for my doppelgänger. After about three or four months of searching I finally found the right man: slim, thick cock but not too long, about the same kind and amount of body hair, beard... Me in the dark, in other words. When I told him what I had in mind he was hesitant. When I showed him the boudoir photos my wife gave us for our 10th anniversary his reluctance mysteriously evaporated.

I arranged things with other-me (we'll call him Mike) after it had been a couple months since our last stranger role-play. I knew she'd be ready to embark again on her fantasy, and she was more than willing. I wound up having to play for time when I got home from work on a Friday, because she was ready to go the minute I stepped in the door and I'd told Mike to be at our back door around at 7:00.

After we ate a light dinner and split a bottle of wine, it was getting close to time. I led her to the bedroom, kissed her passionately, and helped her undress.

"I wish I was going to be the one cumming inside you tonight," I said.

She gave me a wry smile and started to play along. It was almost scripted, as many times as we'd played this particular game. 

"You can have sloppy seconds," she said, and winked.

I slipped the blindfold over her head and leaned her back onto the stack of pillows on our bed. I stood back and admired her thick but firm body, her tan lines, her shaved mound, her erect and dark nipples. I was getting hard looking at her. When I thought about what was to come I almost came in my sweatpants.

"I guess I'll see you tomorrow?" I asked.

"Come back later," she said, "after he's gone. You can clean me up."

"Okay, I will." I grinned and left the room.

Mike was waiting outside the garage door as planned. I wasn't too worried about noise from the door since one thing I did often was open and shut the door a couple of times, just to let her imagination fill in the blanks. I couldn't afford for her to hear any voices, though, so Mike and I had already arranged everything over an afternoon beer. I nodded, he nodded, and went back inside.

I usually do different little things to help her convince herself that it's not me. Sometimes I'll wear a condom or a cock ring, or buy a cheap cologne I've never worn. Once I even took the time to shave my beard with an electric razor in the garage. 

This time, though, I thought Mike would feel different enough. I was worried she would realize what was happening and panic before her fantasy took over. I'd told Mike a few things to do early on that would feel a little familiar to her. Once she's into it, I told him, he won't need any pointers.

Mike walked down the hall in his heavy work boots - another standard masquerade since I'm a white-collar kind of guy - while I tiptoed behind him, minicam in hand. He tossed his coat on the chair at the foot of the bed and stood for a few seconds beside the bed, admiring her naked body in the dim light. Her legs were straight on the bed, her feet together, and her hands were clasped loosely beneath her full breasts. He looked over his shoulder at me for the final go-ahead. I nodded.

"Who's there?" She called, a practiced tremor in her voice. Mike reached out a single finger and slowly traced from her ankle up the top of her leg, stopping at her hip. (Move 1.) She shuddered and spread her legs slightly. Mike moved toward the head of the bed then reached out and pinched her nipple, hard. (Move 2.) She squealed and grabbed his hand, but her legs opened a touch more. Her other hand strayed across her hips toward her bare pussy.

Mike had one more "stranger move" I'd given him, then it was up to him to enjoy himself. He snatched his hand away from her and quickly dropped his trousers. At that point I wondered if I'd made a mistake. He seemed like he was maybe an inch longer than I was and at least as thick. He reached out, took her hand and opened it, positioning her hand near the edge of the bed palm up. She let out a little gasp as he slapped his hardening cock into her open palm. Her free hand found her pussy as she closed around his cock and started to stroke him.

I was still standing behind Mike. As a final move to put her at ease I let out a brief grunt as Mike was becoming fully engorged. It was an unspoken rule that I couldn't make any noise at all during our role playing, so as not to break the illusion. I tried to make it sound involuntary, but it was obviously my voice.

She was obviously feeling comfortable as she spread her juices over her clit and around her pussy lips. When she sat up slightly so she could take him into her mouth I moved silently to the other side of the room and fired up the camera.

She sucked him for a long time. As she took him deeper and sucked harder her legs spread wider. I had a great view of her soaked pussy with the camera and got some great close ups panning from her fingering herself to his cock sliding in and out of her lips.

Finally he pulled away and grabbed her thighs, spreading her as wide as she could go. He peeled off his t-shirt and climbed onto the bed, on his knees between her legs. Her hands went to her breasts and she rubbed her nipples between her thumbs and middle fingers, one hand wet with her pussy juices, one wet with her saliva and Mike's precum. 

Mike surprised me by slapping her open pussy, just once, not too hard but I know it stung. Then she surprised me by not squealing or yelling, but letting out a long low guttural moan and digging her fingernails into her breasts, squeezing them harder than I'd be willing to. Her moan didn't stop, but became a feral growl. Mike positioned his knees and drove his cock into her all at once, with no preamble or warning. She gasped, arched her back, and reached up to his chest with one hand. 

Obviously she knows my body almost as well as I do. I had thought that when she started touching his body would be when she might finally realize what was going on. If she did, though, I saw no indications. She was lost in her lust. Mike was having a good time himself, and quickened his thrusts. She reached out, groping for his upper arms. When she found them she squeezed his biceps and drew him down until he was in a classic missionary. He never stopped pumping as he stretched his legs out and spread her thighs even farther.

She dug her nails into his back and growled "Cum in me" in the same possessed voice. She grunted and wrapped her legs around his buttocks, drawing him deeper. I knew what she must be doing with her vaginal muscles at this point. It was one of her well-honed skills in bed. At this point I'd been an objective documentarian about as long as I could stand. I quietly put the camera down on a table and slid my sweatpants to my ankles. I started jacking off, waiting for her climax. 

Suddenly he pulled away from her, back onto his knees. He took her by the hips and virtually picked her up and spun her until she was on all fours sideways on the bed. That's right! I'd told him I want him to finish her from behind. He reentered her easily as she spread her knees and positioned herself. She sank down first onto her elbows, then onto her chest with her ass high and her arms splayed out on the bed. Tiny involuntary yelps came from her parted lips "Oh! Oh! Oh!" in time with his thrusts. 

Mike slapped her ass, hard, making her shake. I could tell she was close and I knew he must be too. I'd been edging ever since he'd flipped her over and was just waiting to spill my load in unison with their climax. Mike reached down and took her hair in his fist. He pulled her head back and up. Her mouth opened wide and she started her orgasm.

I was past thinking, or caring about consequences. I hustled over to the side of the bed and jammed my throbbing dick into her open mouth as she peaked. Two things happened then at exactly the same time: Mike's eyes got wide as saucers when he saw what I'd done, then he closed them tight and stiffened and I knew he was filling up her pussy with cum. Second, my wife shrieked around my cock and reached up as if to pull off the blindfold. She stopped without removing it though, then shrieked again as her orgasm intensified even more. 

Her shriek was cut off when Mike shoved her head forward and my cock slid into her throat. She convulsed and started to shake all over with the power of her orgasm. I came almost immediately, unloading into her throat in yet another first for the night. I'd been edging, but I'd never seen her come that hard nor had I ever been as deep in her face. I would have lost it anyway. 

The three of us had an almost simultaneous post orgasm shudder, then just froze. It seemed like no one really knew what to do. His cock was filling her pussy and mine was still in her mouth, not softening at all. I pulled back enough to let her breathe again and then the only sound was her heavy breath in her nostrils. Finally Mike looked at me and I tipped my head toward the door. I took her head in my hands and held her firmly onto my cock, shoving it back down her throat and making sure the blindfold stayed in place while he pulled out with a long splatterey sound. As Mike quickly gathered his clothes and left the room I started pumping her mouth and throat again. She began to lick me inside her mouth and she came again, or maybe she'd never stopped. To my amazement I spasmed a few more times and added even more cum to her mouth. We finished our second orgasms and I collapsed across the bed beside her, our heads next to the other's knees. 

We lay like that for a long time, dazed. She turned on her side and I could see Mike's cum leaking across her thigh. I felt my cock twitch again, but I was exhausted. She slowly pulled up the blindfold, took it off, then smacked me with it on the arm. 

"You're amazing!" she said. "I never saw that coming."

"Are you okay?" I asked. "I didn't ... You know, check with you about it."

"You don't need my permission to cum in my mouth," she said with a grin.

"I don't mean that. We just always talk before doing something new in the bedroom. And that was definitely new."

"Oh, the throat fucking?" she said. "I'm actually glad you didn't ask, because I probably would have said no. I think you could tell I don't mind it after all."

I sat up in the bed and looked into her eyes for a moment. "I'm talking about the other guy," I said.

She looked back at me, a neutral expression on her face. I waited.

"What other guy?" she finally asked. She held my stare, her face a blank mask. We stared at each other, my discomfort and confusion growing. Just as I was about to blurt out some sort of cathartic confession she batted her eyes, grinned, and said "Is there more wine? I feel like drinking naked." She hopped off the bed and I watched her cum-covered ass bounce out of the room.