 We used to go to the same pub at least a couple of times every week; became "regulars," and got to know loads of people. Only about a 10 minute walk from home, it was great. One young man of about 20, called Richard, seemed to develop a sort of "crush" on my wife. Don't get me wrong, nobody flirts more than me, and I had a passionate kiss with a few women frequenting the pub, but at that time it was no more serious than that. 

The thing with Richard was that he took any opportunity he could get to tell my wife that he would "love to fuck her," accompanied by a soft caress or two. My wife was not offended at all by this, but was I think flattered that a good looking man of 20 would fancy her. Another thing about this was that whenever she was told this by Richard, she would, whenever we were making love next, tell me about it in some detail, which I admit would get me more excited than normal. 

This became a normal part of our sexual fantasy, leading to me suggesting that she take him up on his suggestion; this again becoming a normal part of our sex talk. 

Nothing was done about this at that point until one night in the pub, whilst a group was singing live, and the pub being full to the rafters, my wife found herself standing in front of Richard in a crowd of people by the bar. I was seated about 30 feet away from them. This wasn't unusual. We would exchange winks and glances at each other various times during the night, not thinking anything about it. This night whenever I looked over to her she was always smiling, as was Richard whenever I looked at him also. 

Later that night when we got home, my wife was really horny, helped by the fact I presumed , that I had coaxed her tits out of her blouse whilst walking home, as we used to do quite regularly.When we went to bed and started to make love, she said, out of the blue," Richard felt my tits tonight!"

She proceeded to tell me, again in great detail, that while she was standing in front of Richard, he had started rubbing her back gently through her blouse, which was worn outside her jeans. She started to lean back against him, and because that must have been like a green light to him, he proceeded to then place his hands inside the rear of her blouse, gently rubbing her back, at the same time gradually moving his hands upwards . Because the place was so crowded, no-one could see this was happening. My wife was enjoying this so much that she did not object when his hands reached the rear of her bra and gently undid the catch. 

He then brought his hands around to the front, still inside my wife's blouse, gradually rising his hands until he met the bottom edge of her undone bra.He then very slowly moved the bra out of his way, and gently reached up and cupped both of my wife's tits; just holding them for a while, before slowly touching her nipples with his fingertips; gently playing with them, to my wife's immense enjoyment .

Because this was happening in the middle of a room full of people, with me occasionally looking over, and with her able and willing to also reach behind her and squeeze Richard's stiff cock through his jeans, my wife was in seventh heaven! This went on for some time apparently with Richard again whispering in her ear that he'd "Love to fuck her," and would she be willing to go for a walk with him behind some nearby garages to achieve that? She politely declined. 

I could not believe my ears as I was told this story, which had the effect of really exciting the both of us more than ever as we were fucking away madly at the same time. It resulted in huge, noisy orgasms for us both. We both enjoyed this episode and it's retelling so much that we immediately agreed that we would love similar events to occur, preferably involving Richard, as my wife certainly by now had the hots for him, and enjoyed describing the feel of his cock to me. 

Some weeks went by until we were again down the local at the same time as Richard; the evening ending by all three of us being invited to another couple's house for a late drink. This took place, with Richard most of the time smiling at my wife and, she told me later , "Trying to look up my skirt."

When the time came to leave, we had to walk down some stairs from the upstairs flat we had been in , and Richard took the opportunity to lean over my wife's shoulder and repeat his " I'd love to fuck you" gambit.

As I walked away , expecting my wife to be behind me , I realized that she had stopped to talk to Richard. She then came over to me , about forty feet away from Richard , and told me what he'd said, and added that if I was in favour, we could carry out what we'd talked about many times before, and take Richard home with us .We talked briefly about the situation, and basically it came down to what my wife wanted; me not wanting her to feel I was forcing her into something. She assured me that she was willing "if I was" and wanted me to make the final decision. 

I asked her what she would like to happen if he did come back with us? She said that she would love to tease him for a while, giving him increasing glimpses of one, then both tits. This then would progress to letting him gradually see up her skirt until her panties were in view, then remove the panties, give him a good view, and then progress to mutual feeling, sucking, and wanking.

When I asked her would she then want Richard to fuck her? She replied , " It might be nice; especially with you watching us ." I walked to Richard and told him that if anything was to happen between us, I would expect absolute discretion, as we all lived in a small village and word could easily get round . He assured me that would be the case, as he was seeing someone too, and we proceeded back to our house. 

When we got home, I put on some nice slow music,and made us all a Vodka and tonic. I sat down on an easy chair, with Richard on a settee, and my wife facing us , sitting on another settee . As we talked , my wife did what she had planned. She gradually opened a few buttons on her blouse, asking us if that looked ok? We obviously said yes, to which, my wife gradually opened all her buttons, showing at first cleavage, then slowly caressing one breast and revealing it fully, to then doing the same to the other breast. Her skirt was quite short anyway, and it didn't need much raising for Richard and myself to get a clear view of her pants.

By now both Richard and myself had erections, both highly visible through our jeans. I was stroking my cock gently through mine, and Richard was sitting on the edge of the settee, barely able to constrain himself. 

I could tell by my wife's manner that she was really excited, and when she asked" Would you like me to take my pants off?" I knew that no matter what anyone had said, she was eager by now to take them off and show her pussy to us. She slid them off, and opened her legs slowly, whilst sliding down in the settee slightly to enable us a better view.

Even though I had seen my wife's pussy many, many times; because I knew that she was showing someone else for the first time, I was wound up like a spring. She asked" Does that look ok?" Both Richard and I said "Wow!", or " Fuck yes!" or something similar.

I was blown away by the excitement and emotion of the moment; so much so that I just had to quickly strip off my t-shirt , jeans and underwear, letting my raging hard cock out into the open. When Richard saw me do this, he immediately followed suit, leaving both of us sitting there hands around our cocks, watching my wife avidly. 

I had never seen my wife's cunt looking better. She was extremely aroused, which showed in the fact that her cunt lips had opened like a flower, glistening with moisture. What a fucking sight! Part of me wanted to wank quickly , and come over her to show my appreciation, part of me wanted to rush over to her to fuck her senseless. I instead wanted everything to take place at my wife's pace, everything exactly as she wanted it. 

She said then" Why don't you come over here, Richard?" patting the settee beside her. I knew that she wanted me to watch a lot of the action just as an observer ( just as my fantasies had planned it!) so she proceeded to kiss Richard and let him feel whatever part of her he liked. 

For the rest of the night we indulged ourselves of whatever we felt comfortable with. At times this involved me watching Richard finger my wife's soaking wet cunt until she exploded ( more than once); him licking her pussy with the same outcome; her wanking him at first slowly, then much quicker, but stopping short of him cumming. 

My wife loved the action of wanking him while I watched, slowly wanking myself. She then sucked his cock, again conscious of me watching.

A fantasy of my wife's had always been for both Richard and myself to insert fingers into her at the same time, which we did, to yet another orgasm from her.

A view I will also remember is when they carried out a 69 on the floor, with great gusto! After some time like this , my wife said" I think it's time for someone to fuck me... Richard?" You cannot imagine the look on his face when told this. You'd swear it was all his Xmases at once!

With my wife leaning back into the couch , Richard on his knees in front of her, he joyfully slipped his rampant cock straight in to full depth within my wife's pussy. This was just amazing to watch for me, and obviously amazing for my wife also, as she shuddered to yet another orgasm immediately, and proceeded to fuck like there was no tomorrow; all the while loving the fact that I was watching it all take place . Nearly all our fantasies taking place at once ( not quite all.) 

From then on it became something of a free for all, with us all enjoying ourselves to our imaginations limit. For long periods Richard and I would "share " my wife; one or the other of us withdrawing, for the other to fuck her . We went from the living room at one point to our bedroom, where we all continued as before.

At one point a highlight for us all was when both Richard and I fucked my wife together; trying at first to get both cocks into her pussy at the same time; then later, with a cock in her pussy and mouth, and even later in her arse and pussy ,which she had always dreamed of.

I lost track of how many times my wife came, and eventually sleep and alcohol overcame all of us. During the night I became aware of Richard and my wife fucking again, standing up by the window, with the moonlight shining on them. A lovely sight.

In the morning, after a strangely quiet breakfast, Richard said that he hoped we could do the same thing again, whenever we wanted, and then left.

My wife and myself waited until the evening, when the after effects of the previous evenings alcohol had subsided, before going to bed earlier than normal, and talking about what had transpired. This soon led to another drawn out, slow session of lovemaking with greatly heightened intensity, as we related our memories of the events of the night before, telling each other what we felt these events meant to us, and how exciting they had been.

There were no regrets at all, and we were united in the sensations we had experienced together ; making us feel if anything more of a couple than before, because of what had transpired. 

This, as it turned out , was a new beginning for us as a couple; allowing us to talk to each other even more openly than before. Sharing our thoughts, fantasies, secret desires; allowing us to take a freer attitude forward from then on. Experiencing as many things as possible, only limited by common sense, and our imaginations. 

I hope some of you have enjoyed reading this; feel free to let us know your thoughts, good or bad.

e regulars were also. One young man of about 20, called Richard, seemed to develop a sort of "crush" on my wife. Don't get me wrong, nobody flirts more than me and I had a passionate "snog" with a few women frequenting the pub, but at that time it wasn't any more serious than that.

The thing with Richard was that he took any opportunity he could get to tell my wife that he would "love to fuck her", accompanied by a soft caress or two. My wife wasn't offended at all by this, but was I think flattered that a good looking man of 20 would fancy her. Another thing about this was that whenever she was told this by Richard , she would , whenever we were making love next, tell me about it in some detail, which I admit would get me more excited than normal. 

This became a normal part of our "build up", leading to me suggesting that she take him up on his suggestion; this again becoming a normal part of our "sex talk". Nothing was done about this at that point until one night in the pub, whilst a group was singing live, and the pub being full to the rafters, my wife found herself standing in front of Richard , near to the bar, whilst I was seated about 30 feet away from them. This wasn't unusual, we would exchange winks and glances at each other various times during the night not thinking anything about it. This night whenever I looked over to her she was always smiling, as usual, as was Richard whenever I looked at him also.

Later that night when we got home, my wife was really horny, helped by the fact I presumed , that I had coaxed her tits out of her blouse whilst walking home, as we used to do quite regularly, when the time seemed right. When we went to bed and started to make love, she said, out of the blue," Richard felt my tits tonight!"

She proceeded to tell me , again in great detail that while she was standing in front of Richard, he had started rubbing her back gently through her blouse, which was worn outside her jeans. She started to lean back against him, and because that must have been like a green light to him, he proceeded to then place his hands inside the rear of her blouse, gently rubbing her back, at the same time gradually moving his hands upwards . Because the place was so crowded, no-one could see this was happening. My wife was enjoying this so much that she didn't object when his hands reached the rear of her bra and gently undid the catch. 

He then brought his hands around to the front, still inside my wife's blouse ,gradually rising his hands until he met the bottom edge of her undone bra, when he very slowly moved the bra out of his way and gently reached up and cupped both of my wife's tits, just holding them for a while before slowly touching her nipples with his fingertips; gently playing with them to my wife's immense enjoyment .Because this was happening "in front of" a room full of people, with me occasionally looking over ,and with her able and willing to also reach behind her and squeeze Richard's stiff cock through his jeans, my wife was in seventh heaven! This went on for some time apparently with Richard again whispering in her ear that he'd "love to fuck her" and would she be willing to go for a walk with him behind some nearby garages to achieve that? She politely declined.

I couldn't believe my ears as I was told this story, which had the effect of really exciting the both of us more than ever as we were fucking away madly at the same time. It resulted in huge, noisy orgasms for us both. We both enjoyed this episode and it's retelling so much that we immediately agreed that we would love similar events to occur, preferably involving Richard, as my wife certainly by now had the hots for him and enjoyed describing the feel of his cock to me.

Some weeks went by until we were again down the "local" at the same time as Richard, the evening ending by all three of us being invited to another couple's house for a late drink. This took place, with Richard most of the time smiling at my wife and, she told me later , "trying to look up my skirt". 

When the time came to leave, we had to walk down some stairs from the upstairs flat we'd been in , and Richard took the opportunity to lean over my wife's shoulder and repeat his "I'd love to fuck you" gambit. As I walked away , expecting my wife to be behind me , I realized that she'd stopped to talk to Richard. She then came over to me , about forty feet away from Richard , and told me what he'd said, and added that if I was in favour , we could carry out what we'd talked about many times before, and take Richard home with us .We talked briefly about the situation, and basically it came down to what my wife wanted; me not wanting her to feel I was forcing her into something. She assured me that she was willing "if I was" and wanted me to make the final decision.

I asked her what she would like to happen if he did come back with us? She said that she'd love to tease him for a while, giving him increasing glimpses of one , then both tits. This then would progress to letting him gradually see up her skirt until her panties were in view , then remove the panties , give him a good view and then progress to mutual, feeling, sucking ,and wanking. When I asked her would she then want Richard to fuck her? She replied , " It might be nice; especially with you watching us ". I walked to Richard and told him that if anything was to happen between us, I'd expect absolute discretion, as we all live in a small village and word could easily get round .He assured me that would be the case, as he was seeing someone too, and we proceeded back to our house.

When we got home ,I put on some nice slow music , made us all a Vodka and tonic, and sat down on an easy chair, with Richard on a settee, and my wife facing us , sitting on another settee . As we talked , my wife did what she'd planned. She gradually opened a few buttons on her blouse, asking us if that looked ok? We obviously said yes, to which, my wife gradually opened all her buttons, showing at first cleavage, then slowly caressing one breast and revealing it fully, to then doing the same to the other .Her skirt was quite short anyway, and it didn't need much raising for Richard and myself to get a clear view of her pants. By now both Richard and myself had hard-ons, both highly visible through our jeans. I was stroking my cock gently through mine, and Richard was sitting on the edge of the settee, barely able to constrain himself.

I could tell by my wife's manner that she was really excited, and when she asked" Would you like me to take my pants off?" I knew that no matter what anyone had said , she was eager by now to take them off and show her pussy to us. She slid them off, and opened her legs slowly, whilst sliding down in the settee slightly to enable us a better view. Even though I had seen my wife's pussy many, many times, because I knew that she was showing someone else for the first time, I was wound up like a spring! She asked" Does that look ok?"Both Richard and I said "Wow!" or something similar. I was blown away by the excitement and emotion of the moment; so much so that I just had to quickly strip off my t-shirt , jeans and underwear, letting my raging hard cock out into the open. When Richard saw me do this, he immediately followed suit, leaving both of us sitting there hands around our cocks, watching my wife avidly.

I had never seen my wife's cunt in better condition; she was extremely aroused, which showed in the fact that her cunt lips had opened like a flower, glistening with moisture. What a fucking sight! Part of me wanted to wank quickly , and come over her to show my appreciation, part of me wanted to rush over to her to fuck her senseless. I instead wanted everything to take place at my wife's pace, everything exactly as she wanted it.

She said then" Why don't you come over here, Richard?" patting the settee beside her. I knew that she wanted me to watch a lot of the action just as an observer ( just as my fantasies had planned it!) so she proceeded to kiss Richard and let him feel whatever part of her he liked( as long as the whole thing roughly followed our talked about fantasies which had taken place whilst we fucked over a long period of time).
