 Shanti ground her over-heated cunt mound against her paramour's hard-on. He groaned, sucking her faithless tongue, getting a hint of Sneha's pussy-juice and Bobby's jizz. So much blood rushed down into his big prick that the man was swaying around, light-headed and dizzy with desire. 

"Ohh God, baby! I can't wait. I want you to fuck me right now," she whispered. Kamesh was in hearty agreement with that suggestion. 

They had planned to wait for the evening group action, but circumstances had changed that now. Shanti slid from his embrace and quickly removed her clothing. Her dirty panties were so wet that when she tossed them to the floor they fluttered down like a butterfly with damp wings. 

Kamesh stripped his own clothing off. His prick sprang up solid as an iron bar. Shanti started to move toward the couch, expecting him to fuck her there. But he stood where he was. Shanti approached him sinuously licking her lips like a hungry tigress. She threw her arms around his sturdy shoulders and rolled her belly against his naked cock. His prick felt hot as a branding iron as it seared into her velvet-smooth flesh. 

Clinging to his shoulders, Shanti moved her body up and down, like an athlete warming up for a competition. She rose onto her toes and dropped back on her heels. 

Kamesh's stiff prick was rubbing up and down from her dark cunt-bush to her tits, laying a slimy trail of pre-cum on her smooth creamy skin. 

Shanti's thighs tensed, rippling with sinew. 

Then she bounded up like a pole vault and locked her legs around his hips. Her knees were hooked over his hip-bones and her ankles were locked behind his ass. 

Her thighs clamped him in a vise and she clung to his shoulders, her body completely off the floor Kamesh held her by the ass, supporting her and lifting her higher up his torso. His prick was sliming her belly and her hot cunt was spilling over on his loins. 

She squirmed up and his fucker snapped into her crotch. 

She was balanced on top of his cock like a flagpole sitter, the bulbous head lodged in her cunt-slot. Kamesh angled his body back, leaning away, counter weighing her by holding his head and shoulders thrust back while he heaved his haunches up. 

Shanti was supported by her paramour's hands under her ass-cheeks and his iron-hard cock in her groin as she clung to him with her arms and legs. 

Shanti was no lightweight-her tits were huge and heavy and her ass was plump but Kamesh was holding her easily on hands and horn. Shanti swayed, hung up on his meat-hook. 

Then she began to push her pussy down onto the steely peg of his prick. 

His cock-head sank into her gooey gash and she wound her sinuous hips around, grinding her suction-cup pussy around on his rock-hard prick as he impaled her deeply cunt-cream streamed down his heavily veined cock-shaft and juiced over his balls as Shanti slid down and took another two or three inches of cock into her pussy. She paused there. 

Kamesh humped his hips, bouncing her on the thrust. His legs were widespread, his feet braced solidly on the floor, and he held steady while Shanti wiggled on down, taking more and more prick into her hungry cunt. Then, with a loud groan, Shanti plunged down and took his prick balls-deep into her foaming fuck-hole. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" 

Her squeezebox pussy was tugging and dragging and pulling on his buried prick. The inner cunt-muscles contracted, molding her snug, vaginal sheath to the outline of his cock, rippling up and down as if she were using her fuck-hole to jack him off inside her loins. 

Holding her cunt jammed down to the hilt on his cock, Shanti started gyrating and shaking her hips, squirming and grinding around, wriggling like a fish on a hook then she began to fuck up and down. She pulled her slick pussy up until only the head of his cock was inside her, poised there, then dropped back down and took the full length of it again. 

Shanti was shimmying up and down on her paramour's cock-shaft like a toy monkey on a stick. His thick, veined prick pulled out, glistening with her cunt-cream, steaming and throbbing. He rocked back on his heels, then thrust up, falling into rhythm with Shanti as she pulled up and sank down.

His big hands massaged the cheeks of her ass as he lifted her up, but his prick was so rigid now it felt like he could have supported her on his cock alone, Kamesh's stiff fucker hissed up her cunt-hole, making loud slurping sounds as his swollen prick pounded into the drenched depths of her cunt. 

Shanti moaned as he filled her pussy. It felt like the end of his long, thick prick was going to come out of her mouth and he was fucking her so deeply as she jerked spasmodically and her feet kicked behind his grinding ass. Her hips pumped and her belly slid and she swung her ass from side to side, rocking her pelvis in the carnal cradle of their upright coupling. 

Shanti pulled her pussy up her paramour's rampant cock and cunt-cream poured down lavishly, washing over his balls and running on down his thighs as he jolted in, jarring her pelvis as his prick plunged into the steaming depths of her pussy, Shanti felt as if she was melting and Kamesh's prick was fucking into her cunt like a jackhammer as she clung to him for dear life, grinding her hips down over his prick with every thrust, she felt her clit mashing against his up thrust pubic bone, pushing her closer and closer to the orgasm she craved. And then it was upon her. 

His balls were swollen enormously as Kamesh surged toward his own creamy crest. He reared up, driving off bent knees, feet braced solidly on the carpet. His legs were shaking as he poured the prick to her in this dynamic knee-trembler and his chest heaved as he panted with the exertion. 

"Cum in me... cum in my cunt!" she wailed. 

Cumming herself, the wanton woman longed to feel his hot, thick jism squirt into her cunt. Her inner cunt-rings tightened, pulling and clinging as if she were trying to suck cum out of his balls by the sheer contractions of her climaxing cunt, Kamesh lifted his pretty slut's slender frame up and down, fucking her vigorously on his raging erection, her tits jiggled wildly and her firm round ass squirmed in his squeezing fingers. 

Her thighs gripped haunches, rippling as she rode out her orgasm, deeply impaled on her paramour's pounding prick and then, with a cry, he came, and a torrent of steaming spunk sped into the core of Shanti's mushy pussy, sloshing into her own flow and swirling around in a gooey whirlpool. 

As always, she cried out with the ecstasy of feeling his fiery sperm fill her hot fuck-hole. Her orgasm soared to the peak.

Kamesh's cum continued to spurt into her spasm pussy in gooey geysers, filling her up and then he pulled out and sank his prick in again to the balls and the sperm spilled from her cunt-slot, turning her crotch into a sticky mess and dribbling back over the big balls from which it had just been expelled. 

Kamesh started to stagger, his vitality ebbing away as he drained off his passion. Shanti jerked her knees up, and hunched her cunt at him like crazy, milking his twitching cock to the very last drop one last squirt of cum jetted out and Kamesh's cock lay inert as the dregs were still seeping from the cock-tip and he held himself arched, no longer humping. He lifted Shanti by the ass and then let her drop back down finishing off their mutual orgasm by sliding her cum-filled pussy up and down on his stationary prick. 

Shanti shuddered through her spasms, then clung to her paramour adoringly, her head on his shoulder. Kamesh carried her over to the couch, his legs weak and wobbly. 

Despite his orgasm, his cock remained stiff and throbbing inside her, hardly softening at all, due mainly to the contractions of Shanti's cunt and the incredible tightness of it around his prick. 

Kamesh pulled his cock out and it snapped upright, stiff and glistening like a greased billy-club. His balls were slack now, but already beginning to refill. In fact, his formidable fucker was almost as stiff as it was when he started. 

He could have fucked Shanti again, without pausing for a moment but the immediate pressure was off now, and they knew it wouldn't be a good idea to fuck ragged, when they had a previous engagement. So they settled for a single fuck and got dressed to go out. 

And sexy slut Sneha Jayaram arrived to occupy the house in their absence... 

Sneha arrived promptly at seven-thirty, just as Shanti and Kamesh finished getting ready to leave. Shanti showed her around the house and gave her a phone number where she could be reached in case of an emergency as Kamesh watched the sexy young slut's pert little ass and tits jiggle as she walked around after Shanti as he could see why Shanti had the hot for her, the nineteen-year-old was one hell of a sexy little piece. 

Thanking them gratefully, Sneha stood by the door and watched as they left. Despite being old enough to be her father, Kamesh was still a real good-looking guy, and Shanti was as sexy as any of the models she saw in the fashion magazines and the naughty collegiate wondered if they still fucked a lot now that they were getting on in years. 

Sneha considered going through the dresser drawers and see if Shanti had a vibrator or a dildo or any spicy literature but she decided not to if she found a dildo, she would sure as hell use it on herself, and she didn't want to cum by herself... not tonight as she figured that she would just play with her pussy a little, to keep it on the simmer, and save her cum until Bobby arrived. 

She telephoned him straight away, knowing he would be delighted to hear that they had the use of a house for the evening. 

He would be sure to hurry right over, Bobby was even happier than Sneha had guessed he would be, in fact as the youngman had had an adventure on his way home, and it had turned out to be a frustrating affair and, as it happened, he had just been ready to jack himself off when Sneha's call interrupted him soon after leaving Sneha, earlier on, he'd been walking down the street near his house, and had noticed Vijaya Senorita sitting on her front steps. 

Vijaya was a pretty divorcee with a gorgeous body and a sultry manner. 

Bobby knew that the divorcee had a lot of young men friends, and he had seen men coming and going from her house at all hours of the day and night living on her divorce settlement, she seemed to have nothing to do all day but wait for the next guy to show up. 

Vijaya was sitting with her knees apart when Bobby drew level with her when he realized that this was a great chance to get a good look up the sexy woman's lehenga and he stopped and knelt down, pretending that he was tying his shoelace and he sneaked a glance up her lehenga and he gulped when he saw that Vijaya wasn't wearing any panties, her hairy pussy was naked and wet, the cunt slit glistening brownish pinkly in the afternoon light. 

Bobby's mouth gaped open as he fumbled with his laces, trying not to be too obvious about where he was staring. His cock had gotten instantly stiff, and it was difficult to remain stooped down with the iron-hard rod jammed against his belly. 

"Like what you see, youngman?" Vijaya asked. 

Bobby flushed and looked up at her face, expecting her to be annoyed. 

But Vijaya was grinning. She wasn't expecting any of her young boyfriends that day and she was feeling extra horny, so she figured it was a lucky thing that young Bobby had happened along. He was a lot younger than her regular lovers, but `beggars can't be choosers' she thought, eyeing off the impressive bulge in the youngman's crotch. 

"I don't mind you looking up my dress, Bobby," she said. "You can come up for a better look, if you want to." 

Bobby gulped. He rose to his feet again, almost thrown off balance by the weight of his rock-hard cock and swollen balls. 

He knew that the woman must be able to see his hard-on outlined in his jeans. He moved closer and sat down on a lower step, so that his head was level with her loins bold and brazen as could be, the pretty divorcee lifted the hem of her short lehenga higher still and spread her sleek thighs apart. Bobby gawked at her cunt in awe. 

"Doesn't that look nice, Bobby?" she sighed. 

"Oh, jeez... yeah!" he croaked. 

There were stone walls on both sides of her front steps so that although he had seen her clearly from the sidewalk directly in front, they were hidden from the prying eyes of the neighbors. 

It was a very exciting moment for Bobby. The youngman hardly dared to hope that he could fuck this sexy older woman, but all the signs were there. 

"You like pussy, don't you?" she asked. 

"Oh, yeah!" he enthused. 

Vijaya hiked her ass up, tilting her cunt right below his fascinated face. He was breathing in pussy-perfume, getting dizzy with the heady fragrance. Her steamy cunt-lips were unfurled like the petals of a fleshy flower and her open cunt-slot was flooded with juice. 

Vijaya Senorita was one very aroused woman. 

"Would you like to kiss it, Bobby? Ummmm? Do you want to kiss my cunt?" 

Bobby uttered a strangled affirmative. He had never eaten a pussy, but he had licked his fingers after frigging Sneha off, so he had an idea how tasty pussy was. He moved as if hypnotized, drawn by the carnal magnetism of her steamy, mature cunt. His head ducked down, and he kissed her creamy pussy. Being inexperienced, Bobby kissed her cunt exactly as he would have kissed her mouth. He drew back, and she giggled. 

"No, silly... French-kiss me there," she said. 

Bobby dove on her pussy again, stabbing his tongue into the cunt-slot as his lips worked on the cunt-lips. He was still kissing her between the legs, but this time it was a deep sloppy tongue-kiss. 

"Ahhhh, yesss... like that!" she moaned. 

Bobby was getting the knack of it. 

He whisked and flailed his tongue into her gaping slit and his lips sucked steadily on her hairy cuntlips. He came up for air, licking his lips, the succulence of ripe pussy tingling on his taste buds. 

Her cunt-lips had peeled open wide and cunt-juice was streaming down her groin and soaking into the crack of her ass as she sure looked ready to get fucked, and the horny youngman wondered if he had given her sufficient oral foreplay.

He started to reach down to open his fly. 

"Don't stop, darling! Tongue-fuck me silly! Make me cream in your mouth. baby!" 

The prospect delighted the youngman as he supposed that oral sex to a conclusion was much the same as the mutual hand-jobs that he and Sneha had so often enjoyed, and that after he had sucked Vijaya off, she would return the favor by milking his meat in her mouth. 

The thought of getting a blow-job from the sexy divorcee thrilled the youth every bit as much as the idea of fucking her had done. He dove in and resumed the feast. 

Whatever Bobby lacked in experience and technique, he more than made up for with enthusiasm. His tongue snaked in as far as it would go and his lips sucked voraciously on her gaping pussy. 

"Uuuuuhhhhh... yeahhhh! Stick your tongue right in! God, that feels good!" Vijaya whimpered, enjoying the deliciously depraved thrill of a young youngman's face in her crotch. 

She jerked and squirmed, grinding her cunt against his mouth, mopping his whole lower face with her wet cunt-muff. Bobby had gone suck-crazy now. He seemed to be trying to get his face ears-deep up her fuck-slot. Moist sounds drifted from her groin. 

She was so wet that Bobby had to keep sucking to prevent himself from drowning in the woman's copious cunt-cream. He slid his hands up her thighs and held her by the ass tilting her cunt up as if it was a goblet and he was drinking the elixir of life. 

"Suck me hard, youngman!" the saucy, sultry divorcee moaned. "Suck my cunt till my eyeballs cave in!" 

He gobbled and gurgled and gulped. His mouth filled up and he swallowed, but as soon as he opened his lips again, more pussy-nectar flowed into his mouth. His tongue was floating as she stabbed it up her cunt. 

The flow from her fuck-hole was getting hotter and thicker and creamier as her orgasm drew near her pussy melted. Her head tossed from side to side, red hair tumbling wildly over her cheeks. Her hips were bucking, moving in a fucking motion on his head. 

Then, with a lusty cry, Vijaya came, grinding her spasm cunt at the youngman's mouth. Holding his head in her hands, she pressed his lips over her clit and held herself at the crest of her climax, gasping and shuddering, finally sliding down through the descending spasms. She slumped back on her elbows. 

Bobby kept on munching in her squirming twat, making sure that she had finished her orgasm. 

"Ummmm, Baby... That was lovely," she purred. "You can stop now... I'm finished." 

Bobby pulled his mouth from Vijaya's glistening cunt and burrowed down, lapping the overflow out of the crack of her ass. 

Then he gave her clit another suck and lifted his cream-coated face out of her saliva-slathered crotch. 

"Was that a nice snack?" grinned the woman lewdly. 

"Oh, wow! I love eating your cunt!" 

"I'm glad. You'll have to stop by more often, Bobby," said Vijaya, giving the youngman's head an affectionate pat. "I'll always have a hot lunch waiting for you... A gal like me can never get enough college tongue." 

Bobby couldn't believe his luck. When fooling with Sneha gave him blue balls he could stop by here and fuck the gorgeous divorcee. In fact, he was dying to fuck her right now. His future looked bright indeed. He began to undo his pants and take out his straining prick. Then it didn't look so bright, at all. 

"What are you doing?" she snapped. 

"Aren't you gonna blow me, now?" he asked, flustered and confused. 

Vijaya looked indignant. 

"Certainly not!" she rasped, affronted. 

"Do I look like a cradle snatcher?" 

"But... I... jeez!" 

"You can eat me. But you certainly can't fuck me. And I'm not gonna suck your prick. Why, I'm old enough to be your mother, Bobby... it wouldn't be right!" 

Bobby stared at her balefully, dismayed and distressed, and bitterly disappointed. He didn't regret eating her pussy, certainly. But it didn't seem fair that he wasn't allowed to get his rocks off in turn. 

"You're a very presumptuous young man," Vijaya said. "You ought to be grateful that I even let you touch me." 

Bobby clung to the feeble hope that the woman was just teasing him and would come across in the end. But as he stood there looking at her, Vijaya got up and walked into her house, closing the door. He heard the lock engage behind her with a loud click of finality. 

He just sat there for a minute, feeling miserable. He was tempted to jack off on her doorstep, spitefully hoping that she might slip in his spunk and crack her skull on the pavement. Her head wasn't good for anything else. But he guessed that she might be looking out, and he didn't want to give the cock-teaser the satisfaction of seeing him forced to resort to his own fist. 

Bobby got up clumsily, his center of gravity shifted into his cock and balls. He walked off, awkwardly, with a sort of rolling gait. His muscular thighs seemed bowed out around his bloated balls. 

When he got home, he was relieved to find that his mother and father were out. He needed to cum in the worst way, and he hated to beat off when he knew that his parents might hear the sounds from his bedroom. 

He didn't even bother to haul his hard-on up the stairs, but dropped his jeans right in the front room. He knew it was only going to take a couple of strokes... the first time, at least, although he might need half a dozen cum as aroused as he was... so he wasn't worried that someone might get home before he finished jacking off. He grasped his prick and squeezed as if he were choking a boa constrictor. His balls were inflated like balloons and his piss-hole was dripping so much that it looked as if he had already shot his wad. 
