 I always thought that I would be the type to turn and walk out of the room if I caught someone in the act. I have always been respectful of people's privacy and have moral issues with invading such an intimate moment. Of course, I wasn't really the type to accidentally barge in on someone either. I never understood why someone would open a door when it was usually obvious what was going on behind it. For that matter, what of the men who came home to find their woman having sex with another man? Why would you go up to the room if you can hear her moaning in ecstasy? Why would you want to see it in the flesh? Why stand there and watch?

The last question echoed in my mind as I stood immobile, taking in the scene before me. I had come by the gym after hours to pick up my forgotten bag. Being partial owner, I let myself in and had just turned to walk back out when I heard noises coming from the back room where the fighting cage was. It was the standard sound of grunting and body movement on the mats. Was someone still in there practicing? Who? And why didn't they have the lights on? It was evening and the light was growing dim, but there was still enough coming in from the windows to see by as I made my way toward the back entrance.

I had just come through the door when I first heard the woman. What had been a faint panting erupted into a loud moan at just that moment and I quite suddenly realized many things all at once. No one was back here practicing. Someone was back here fucking. Not making love, not even just having sex, but outright fucking- hardcore porno style. They were inside the cage, but the door was open and I had a clear shot of everything. Not only that, but I recognized these people. The man was one of my best friends. The woman... the woman was not his wife... In fact, it was my other best friend's fiance! What the FUCK did they think they were doing???

Too many thoughts tried to force their way to forefront of my mind all at once and none of them made it, instead forming some kind of mental block where I could do nothing but stand and stare dumbly at the gratuitous sex scene in front of me. Her legs were flung wide apart, bent at the knees, and he held her hips in his hands, about a foot off the ground, pulling her into him as he thrust hard into her. Her eyes were closed and her head flung back, her hair spilling haphazardly around her. She writhed and arched her back, moaning loudly, her tits bouncing in vulgar circles. I could see his face from the side. His eyes were not closed, but they were glazed over and focused intently on the pussy he was pounding away at. I had seen a similar look on his face before, when he was fighting. But the undertones of lust there now gave him a debaucherous glow that I'd never known him to have.

I was only somewhat aware of the raging hard on I had as my eyes crawled over the pair of bodies. They lingered on my friend, appreciating his muscular arms and the curve of his ass. I blinked my eyes. Why had I just thought that? Why was I still standing here? Why was my cock so fucking HARD? My thoughts were finally starting to scream loud enough to cut through the fog in my head when, suddenly, she opened her eyes and looked right at me. I met her gaze, frozen, willing my mouth to open and say something, to denounce them both, anything to make them stop. But my lips didn't respond. And she did not stop. She just continued looking at me, her body rocking back and forth, her eyes hazy with lust. My cock felt as if it would burst.

Then he turned around to change positions and everything stopped suddenly as he saw me standing there. I felt a flush creep over my face, half from embarrassment and half from anger. I was still such a mix of reactions that nothing would come out, though. I wanted to rage at them, shouting at them both for their sins, for risking their relationships for what was obviously just sex. Really, really hot sex, granted, but all the same... I wanted to turn and leave. I still could not figure out why I had just stood there in the first place. Or why my body wasn't responding even now as I tried to pull myself from the scene. And I wanted to cum. Oh, god, did I want to cum. My cock had never been so hard. Now my hand moved of its own accord. I knew where it was going even as it began and was powerless to stop it. I reached down and rubbed my aching cock through my pants. Oooooh, god, that felt good. My eyes glazed slightly.

Her eyes flicked down to my hand as I squeezed gently on the bulge in my pants, then darted back to my face. A hint of a smile flashed across her lips as she got up and slowly but smoothly started moving toward me. My first instinct was to back away from her, but again, I marveled at the lack of control over my own body as I stood rooted silently in place. Warning bells were going off like firehouse alarms in my head. She kept eye contact with me until she came to a stop about a foot away. She glanced downward, then back at my face, and promptly dropped to her knees. My mind was screaming at me now. This was my last chance to put a stop to this. I knew it was. This was the threshold. The line. That moment of decision they always talk about. Competing agendas and desires fired around recklessly in my head, leaving my thoughts in total chaos. As I struggled internally, I felt her hands on my pants, unbuttoning, unzipping, and easing the pressure on my straining cock.

And then the moment passed. She reached into my underwear and wrapped her hand around my cock. She pulled it out, licked her lips, and dove in, sucking and slurping like a woman possessed. It was over now. The line crossed, the battle lost. Something inside of me instantly released (I swear I heard it snap) and I reached my hand into her hair and gripped tight around the back of her neck, holding her firmly as I began to fuck her mouth. She relaxed her body and let me use her that way, trying only to keep breathing and keep up with my pace.

I looked up and found my friend eying the scene with his cock in hand and a hungry look on his face.

"Amazing little cocksucker, isn't she?" he grinned, ruefully.

He watched her gasp and struggle to swallow the cock being shoved down her throat, then looked back up and met my eyes, still stroking his own cock slowly. He licked his lips.

"Why don't you come join her?" I responded.

What??? Did I really just ask my friend to come suck my dick? I felt my cock twitch at the thought. I released her head and she popped off, gasping for air and turning to see what would happen next. He hesitated only a second, swallowing nervously before moving toward me and dropping to his knees. He was breathing heavily as he grasped my cock and slowly wrapped his lips around it. I let out a long, low moan of approval and put my hand on his head, not pushing, but encouraging him to go on. It didn't take much encouragement. He closed his eyes and sucked the shaft into his mouth, then back out, licking liberally around the tip before swallowing it again. My friend sucked me slowly at first, relishing the experience, sucking and slurping and tasting every inch. By the time the pace began to increase, I could already feel myself getting close to shooting my load. I groaned and looked up to find her laying nearby, stroking her clit.

"Stop," I told him.

He seemed reluctant and did not take my cock out of his mouth.

"STOP!" I repeated forcefully, pushing his head away from me.

He sat abruptly back, a disappointed look on his face. What a slut. I'd never seen people act so sexually depraved and insatiable. Including myself... I glanced again at the girl, her hand still on her cunt, but motionless now.

"Get on your knees above her," I ordered. "69 style."

He moved over to her, straddling her on his hands and knees, his face hovering over her pussy, his cock brushing her lips. She snaked her tongue out and licked it. He moaned lightly but looked up at me for further instruction.

"Well," I motioned with my hand, "get to it."

She moaned loudly as his full lips locked on to her dripping pussy. He buried his face in her, licking and sucking as she writhed around beneath him. She grasped his cock and sucked it into her mouth, working her lips and tongue around it expertly.

I stood for a moment, watching. Again, I could appreciate my friend's broad shoulders and smooth, strong back that curved into that surprisingly sexy ass. I'd never checked out men's asses before, but I was suddenly confronted with the fact that I wanted to fuck this one. I wrestled with the thought a bit, though by now my desire was much stronger than any self imposed beliefs about what I ought or ought not want to fuck. I wanted to fuck my friend's ass. There was no denying it. I hesitated for a moment, not sure how he would react. But then, he'd already sucked my cock, with no resistance at all. And if he resisted, I could always threaten to expose their affair, denying my own involvement. Nobody would believe I acted this way even if they tried to claim it. Hell, I couldn't believe it myself!

I moved slowly around them, dropping my hand down and running it along his body as I did. He shivered beneath my touch and turned to look at me as I knelt behind him and ran my hand over his ass.

"I didn't tell you to stop," I chided.

He looked at me for a moment longer, then turned back and began to suck slowly on her outer lips, waiting to see what I would do. I put both of my hands on his ass and rubbed firmly, making him moan and push his ass toward me. He was begging me to fuck him. I leaned over and spit, letting my saliva run down his crack toward his tight hole. I spit onto my hand and lubed my own throbbing cock. Then I moved in and began to slide my cock up and down between his cheeks, lubing him up. I began to push slowly but firmly into his hole. He gasped as my head slipped in and I could feel his muscles ripple around my cock, flexing and releasing, trying to accommodate the intrusion. When he managed to relax, I began to push in again, smoothly, this time sliding in with much less resistance.

"Oooooh, fuck... " he panted as I bottomed out inside of him. "Yessss... Fuck... Please fuck my ass..."

I used long, slow strokes to start, luxuriating in the feel of his asshole wrapped so tight around my shaft, of being buried deep inside his warmth. I could feel every little twitch of my cock and quiver of his muscular ring, opening for me. I groaned, long and low, and began to increase my pace. He pushed back into me, inviting me to fuck deeper and harder and then buried his face back in her cunt. She gripped my legs as she sucked his cock and bucked wildly against his face as he worked her toward orgasm.

I increased my pace again, eliciting a feral growling sound from my friend, who arched back into me, forcing me deep. His reaction to me caused her to finally flood his face with her juices as she screamed in orgasm. She only stopped sucking him for a moment, though and then enveloped his cock fully in her mouth again, sucking furiously in time with me as I plunged in and out of his ass. I could feel his orgasm as it overtook him. His ass clamped down tight around my cock as he erupted down her throat. It sent me over the edge as well, the waves of his orgasm milking out my own as I unloaded deep inside him.

As our orgasms subsided, we lay in place, motionless but breathing hard. Finally, I backed away, slowly slipping out of his ass. A drop of cum dripped out and landed near her lips. She stuck her tongue out and licked it up as the two rolled apart. There was another moment of silence before I finally shook my head as if clearing it.

"Fuck! What the hell was that?" I paused. "I've never been so turned on in my life. I couldn't even control myself..."

"Tell me about it," grinned my friend. "Fuck..."

"Why don't we get cleaned up and go get a drink, huh, boys? Then you can go home to your wives," she grinned wickedly.

"I'm pretty sure she's the devil," he laughed, perhaps only half-joking.

My head was swimming. A drink sounded good. Possibly even necessary at this point...