 Sridhar thumbed the large wad of one thousand rupee banknotes with a thin smile. A cool twenty-five thousand and that was not bad at all for a little entertainment by the wife. He folded the notes carefully and stashed them in the secret drawer in his cupboard and locked it. He dropped the key into his trouser pocket and turned around. "One hundred and twenty-five thousand," he acknowledged with a nod. "Okay, it's cool. You can fuck her now."

There were three people in the bedroom. Shanti, his wife, sat on the large, well-sprung double bed between two men. Both were strangers. They were her clients and they had paid well for the fuck her services. Sridhar looked at her. She certainly knew how to give a man good time, and he made good money from it. It was perfect. She loved whoring and he loved the money. He was pleased. Thanks to her, the poverty of their early life was now a distant and ugly memory. He caught her eye and she smiled gently. He winked at the two men and grinned broadly.

"I'm sure you'll enjoy yourselves, gentlemen," he said, winking at his guests. "She's one hell of a cunt."

"She'd better be, at this price," growled one.

The two knew both of them well- they were regular at the Bank where Sridhar and Shanti worked and had been lusting for Shanti for a while now -her smooth moist face and sexy neck and lovely eyes and bouncing breasts on her sexy saree had been tempting them for a few months now and recently after Sridhar discovered his wife's lust for cocks and her adultery came to be known to him - instead of getting into a fitful of revenge he decided to take advantage of the slut of a wife he was besotted with - Shanti the Slut. 

"Yeah," said the other. "Goddamned pricey slut Tamil Brahmin bitch."

"Gentlemen, I assure you that she is worth every penny. I guarantee you full satisfaction. If you are displeased with her in any way, your money will be refunded, though, I must add, that has never yet happened. You may be with her for as long as you wish and do with her as you will. The only prohibition is physical violence. No sadism, of any kind. The goods are not to be damaged in any way."

Shanti as we all know is a slut who is good-looking young woman in her mid-twenties. She had an oval face with a pointed chin and high cheekbones. Her eyes were a deep brown, set deep her mouth was slender, opening often in a wide smile over perfect teeth. Her nose was slim and straight. She was fair-skinned, her complexion creamy and unblemished. Her neck was long, and around it she wore her habitual black and gold beaded *mangalsutra* and a yellow thread with a turmeric stick attached to it, the proud symbol of her marital status.

Her body was luscious, with full buttocks and a narrow waist, a flat belly and firm, succulent breasts with long nipples in small aureoles. Her limbs were long and slender and shapely. She wore long earrings, toe-rings, finger rings, anklets and bangles. Her dark hair was springy, but thick and long and hung in a long braid to her waist. She was simply dressed in a long *kurta* and a *salvar* that did nothing to conceal the fact that she was naked underneath. The clothes were translucent and filmy and clung to her body, showing the swell of her breasts and the cleft of her buttocks.

She looked at the two men seated on either side of her. They were identical twins, and she could not tell them apart. *Double the pleasure*! She thought suddenly, grinning impishly to herself. The men were good-looking Muslims, tall and fair with handsome, craggy, fine-nosed faces, their eyes deep and dark, hair thick. Their bodies were solid blocks of muscle: broad shouldered, they had deep chests and hard bellies and long, strong arms and legs. Their mouths were slim and their jaws square and manly. They had introduced themselves as Nasirand Sameer. She did not know which was which. It didn't matter.

She looked from one to the other and, smiling gently, tilted her head back against the bed-stand. Her lips parted and her tongue arched lasciviously across her upper lip. Her hands slid up her body to cup her breasts. She flicked off her *kurta* buttons and pulled it open, exposing her breasts. She crossed her arms cupping and squeezing the mounds, flicking her long nipples and shivering.

"I want you," she murmured softly, looking from one to the other, her eyes glittering. "I'm your whore tonight ... I want to be fucked hard ..."

She crossed her arms and pulled the *kurta* off her head. Lifting her hips slightly, she tugged at the cord of her *salvar* and rucked it off. Shanti cupped her crotch and arched a finger into her slit.

"My cunt is already hot for you both," she said.

She slid her arm across the shoulders of the twin to her left and turned her face to his, pulling his head to hers. She kissed him in naked hunger, arching her tongue into his mouth. Languidly, sensuously, she sucked on his tongue as he responded. On her right, the other client nuzzled the nape of her neck and slid his hand down over her breasts. He felt it grow heavier and warmer in his hands. She turned and kissed him.

"Which one are you?" She murmured, sucking his lower lip.

"Sameer."

"And you must be Aslam, then," she said to his twin.

"Obviously," he chuckled softly.

She smiled and drew his head down to her breast and turned to his brother. Sameer bent his head and squeezed her breast to his lips. She sighed softly as his tongue flicked slowly over her quivering nipple. Shanti kissed Nasiron the other side and began to undo his shirt, caressing his chest.

"It's good to have you both together," she said as she pulled his shirt off.

His body was wonderful, lean and hard and sculpted, smooth and hairless. She bent her head to Aslam's chest and her pointed tongue flickering over his nipple. He murmured softly. Sameer thrust his hand between her legs and she spread them wide open for him. His finger raked down her cunt and came away moist. He grinned to himself, and curled the finger into her cunt. Shanti groaned softly and lifted her head from Aslam's chest and leaned back against the bed-stand again.

Now Nasirbegan to finger-fuck her while Sameer fondled and sucked on her turgid breasts. She gasped, her hips lurching, her back bowing. Then Sameer slid his hand down, too, and there were two fingers going alternately in and out of her cunt. Her hips heaved and she moaned. Nasirkissed her hungrily, his tongue roving deep in her mouth. The two men paused for a moment and pulled off their shirts and trousers. She noticed with pleasure that their cocks were both about seven inches long and over an inch thick. She guessed they would swell to a nine-inch length and corresponding thickness. Both were circumcised and that pleased her. In her experience, they lasted longer. They came to her again and she took their limp cocks in her hands and began to masturbate them deftly.

"Hey, you mean your cocks are identical, too?" she laughed.

"You bet, whore, absolutely ditto!" laughed one, she didn't know which.

Shanti felt the pricks grow hot and hard, stiffening in her hands. The men kissed her, one finger-fucking her cunt, the other sucking on her breasts. Sameer - she supposed it was him - bent his head between her thighs. She spread her legs and splayed her cunt-lips wide open with clawed fingers. He fingered her cunt and then his tongue was there, too. Shanti gasped loudly as his sharp tongue flickered into her cunt. Nasirrose onto his knees on the bed beside her and she turned her head to his loins, her hand on his cock and, parting her lips, took it into her mouth. Nasirgrunted as her tongue and teeth and lips found his circumcised cock-head. Shanti's hips lurched and jerked under Sameer's tongue-fucking. Nasircaressed and rolled her breasts in his hands, his head bent to watch himself fuck her mouth, sliding his glistening cock in and out of her distended face. Her cheeks hollowed and distended as she sucked on his dick. Its musky odour aroused her. She cupped his balls and rubbed them, her other hand on Sameer's head, moving it round and round in her loins, her juices streaming. She moaned deep in her throat.

The men changed positions. Nasirlay on his back and Shanti straddled his face, spreading her cunt-lips wide. His tongue flickered up into her cunt and her head arched back, her shoulders hunched her shoulder bones stood out. She moaned loudly, bucking and jerking on his face, the jewelry slithering on her chest. Sameer stood before her, and she took his penis deep in her mouth, sucking hungrily on it, making him gasp and grunt. Shanti loved having her mouth fucked. His hips swung and pumped at her face, his hands rocking her head back and forth. She crushed her breasts in mounting excitement, her loins grinding and writhing on Aslam's face. His tongue darted in and out of her wet slit, flicking her gorged clitoris back and forth. She gasped, her cunt streaming with excitement. They fucked her in turns, at first. She lay on her back, her knees forked wide and raised and one of them bent over her, between her thighs. She felt his cock-head at her cunt-lips as she held his face in her hands and kissed him deeply, her tongue snaking into his mouth.

"Who are you?" she murmured.

"Guess."

"Sameer."

"Nope. Aslam."

"Yes. Aslam. C'mon now ... fuck me ... give me your cock ... fuck me hard!"

His buttocks flexed and his cock surged into her cunt. Shanti gasped sharply, her back snapping in a taut bow under him, her head jerking back, her mouth wide.

"OhmaUNHHhhh AHHHHHHHHH!" she called. "Ohhhh uhhhh OHHHHHH!"

"Unhhh yeh ... OHHHHh ... yes!" her lover-client responded.

Smoothly, Nasirslid his penis deep into her. His handsome head craned back and he moaned and her cunt was in a spasm and convulsed on his throbbing penis. Her legs spread wider and rose higher, coiling above his hips.

"Fuck me ... fuck me hard Aslam," she gasped. "Oh god ... that's so good!"

He fucked her slowly and steadily, his hips rising and falling his buttocks flexing and un-flexing. His twin got off the bed, grinning hugely and watched Nasirfuck her. Standing behind them and he could see his brother's enormous penis going in and out, in and out of her cunt, his heavy balls slapping at her cunt-lips and buttocks. Aslam's rod glistened and gleamed. Her hips bucked and bounced under his eagerly. Nasirbegan moving faster and faster, his hips juddering up and down, his cock piston rapidly in and out of her cunt, slamming and ramming and reaming into her. She gasped, her body jerking and rocking under his thrusts, her breasts jiggling, her long *mangalsutra* dancing on her chest.

"Yes yes yes fuck me yes ohhhh yes fuck me harder OHhhhh uhhh Oh yes yes oh god yes yes OHhhh uhhhh yes!" she cried, her head flipping ecstatically from side to side.

"Take it ... take it whore ... take it!" Nasirgrunted. "Ohhh yeh ... take it bitch ... take my cock in your cunt Ohhhhh ... uhhh yeh ... c'mon slut ... c'mon ... yeh ... ohhh yeh ... that's it ... mmmm yes ..."

Faster and faster he went, his hips banging down hard, drawing sharp cries from her throat. She clenched his shoulders, then his hips, then his buttocks, gritting her teeth and gasping and panting as he drove her to a wild orgasm. He felt her cunt convulse powerfully on his dick and he groaned, grinding his cock deep into her again and again. With a shuddering cry, he pulled out of her and came, spraying her cunt and belly and breasts with thick, sticky shots of hot jizz. Then he squeezed his cock back into her and bent over her and kissed her. She moaned, her chest heaving, caressing his head.

"That was wonderful," she murmured. "Thank you."

"My turn," her lover's brother announced.

Nasirchuckled and rolled off her. Sameer turned her over onto her front and got back on the bed. She lay under him, drawing her knees up, spreading her legs, her buttocks lifted slightly. Sameer knelt behind her and lobe her buttocks open and squeezed his cock into her cunt. She murmured softly, gasping and biting her lip as the huge cock tunneled into her cunt. She closed her eyes and whimpered her pleasure, her chin resting on the counterpane.

"Mmmm ... god you're good in there," she sighed happily as the heat of his cock seared in her belly. "Fuck me Sameer ... fuck me hard ..."

Now Nasirstood behind and watched Sameer fuck her. It was an erotic sight and he wished he'd brought his video camera and the next time, Sameer fucked her slowly, his dark, thick veined penis appearing and disappearing into her cunt, his balls slapping at the lovely curves of her buttocks. She gasped and moaned, her body jerking under his thrusts, calling obscenely to him.

"Ohh yes Sameer yes ... fuck me ... yes, that's it ... fuck me ... fuck my cunt ... ohh god yes ... mm ... yes ... Ohhhh ... uhhhh OHhhh ... OHHH uhhh Ohma uNNHH ahhhh ... yes Ohhhhh uhhh OHHHHH!" and she went.

He bent over her and, spreading his legs to lever her thighs apart, began to ram-fuck her. His head arched back and he grimaced with tension. Her cunt was a wonderfully hot, tight sheath, enveloping his tool. Faster and faster he went, his buttocks plunging powerfully up and down, up and down, his cock reaming in and out, in and out of her cunt, squelching and rasping in audibly, glistening and gleaming, hot, dark, rock-hard. Shanti's cries rose in pitch and volume and she felt herself soar up to another orgasm. Sameer felt it, felt the hot cramping of her cunt on his dick, felt the sharp sting of her juices and he slammed into her hard once, twice, three times, then pulled out and, jerking his cock, shot his wad. Thick jets of cum splattered on her buttocks and the cleft between them, on her anus. She moaned softly. He, too, slid his cock back into her, making her moan. He bent over and tongued her ear.

"You're good, bitch," he admitted. "Damn good. Now let's see how do with both of us ... together ..."

They were all riding on a high of sex-pep dope. They could come repeatedly without tiring. After a few minutes, she got off the bed and knelt before them, taking their cocks in her hand, and then began sucking them. She opened her mouth wide and took both cock-heads into her mouth together. The twins chuckled when they saw her playing with her breasts and fingering her cunt. Cum dribbled on her belly and thighs and now her lips and cheeks shone with their love-shot.

The tang of their seed excited her and moaning and gasping eagerly, she got back onto the bed.

She straddled Sameer's hips, his cock in her hand and eased herself down onto it. He groaned and began to buck under her, tossing her on his lap. She gasped sharply, biting her lower lip, arching her head, her hands on her breasts, squeezing them together.

"Ohhhh yes ... yes ... yes ..." she gasped.

For a minute, Nasirwaited, watching as she bent forward on her arms and rocked back and forth on his brother's swollen dick. He held her buttocks and moved her up and down, and Nasircould see her hair-rimmed crack sliding up and down the bloated penis. Her breasts swung and jiggled, her long *mangalsutra* swinging back and forth. Her breasts were gorged and swollen, the nipples nut-hard. Sameer sucked on them sharply.

"OHHHh uhhh OHHHH uhh OHHH uhhOHHHHuhhhh OHHHH uhh!" she moaned.

Sameer chuckled. "C'mon cunt ... take it ... take it cunt!"

Nasirgot onto the bed and stood before her, his feet straddling his brother's broad, deep chest. He jerked her head up to his crotch and thrust his cock at her face. She took it in her mouth, sucking hard. He held her head and rocked it rapidly back and forth, his hips pumping at her head. She tossed and bucked on Sameer's groin, her moans muffled by the cock in her mouth and sharpened by the ramming cock in her cunt. Her cunt ran up and down Sameer's shaft.

"Yeh ... suck it ... suck my cock, whore ... suck it!" Nasirgrowled.

The two men swapped positions. On all fours, she sucked Sameer's dick while Nasirknelt behind her and slid his penis into her and fucked her with hard, ramming, thrusting plunging his big cock inand out of her cunt. On and on they went, taking her hard. Nasirheld her by her waist, rocking her body back and forth, jerking down hard onto his bursting penis. Sameer clenched her hair, rocking her head back and forth at his crotch. Her *mangalsutra* and breasts swung and jiggled and both men squeezed and fondled her breasts together.

Both men were gasping and sweating, their heads flung back. He groped her breasts and squeezed them. She moaned, twisting to reach for Aslam's cock, wanting more of it inside her as his balls thumped against her buttocks, shoving her forward. He went faster and faster and Sameer drove his cock deeper into her mouth. She began to orgasm, her head swimming with joy. 

"Hey Sameer, the cunt's good, what say?" Nasirchuckled.

"Yeh. Hot stuff. Great piece of ass."

"Speaking of which ... wanna raid it?"

"Butt-fuck, yeah, sure! The man said we could." 

"Okay. Your idea, you go first in her butt. I'll take her cunt."

The twins slid out of her cunt and mouth. Sameer lay on his back and pulled her over his lap again. His cock ran into her cunt like a hot knife through butter. She gasped heavily. She knew what they wanted and she wanted it, too. Shanti enjoyed having her butt fucked, and it was best when combined with a cock in her cunt. She murmured joyfully, rocking back and forth on his cock for a minute and then drew her knees up higher. He clenched her buttocks and prod them open, exposing the puckered flesh of her anus for his brother Nasirchortled, masturbating, his cock slippery with pre-cum gunk. He moved forward and knelt behind her and squeezed his cock-head between the globes of her buttocks. She tensed as she felt the hard, thick cock-head at her anus. It went into spasm once and then she relaxed and yielded. Nasirflexed his buttocks and squeezed his cock-head into her asshole.

Shanti's head snapped up and she cried out thinly, her mouth tearing open as Aslam's huge cock burst into her rear channel. Her body crackled with lust and heat, the pain and joy as one. Her cunt and ass burned with the fiery prods in them. They began to fuck her together, gasping and grunting loudly, her body sandwiched between theirs. Aslam's cock rocked deeper into her ass and she cried out, her hips forced down under his thrust, her cunt impaled deeply on Sameer's erect lance. They moved smoothly in tandem, their cocks running into her together, separated by the merest membrane of her flesh. Her face contorted in a rictus of intermingled pain and lust. Nasirsqueezed her breasts and Sameer sucked her nipples, making her cry out thinly.

"OHHHHHHHhhhh uhhhh OHHHHHHHH!" she cried.

Suddenly, they stopped and Nasirslid out of her, making her gasp in shock. Sameer eased her off his tool and made her turn around, her back to him. Moaning loudly, she lowered her hips, impaling her taut sphincter and rectum on his lance. He gasped and arched under her, his cock thrusting into her rear channel. Shanti arched back on her elbows, her head jerking back, tendons popping in her neck, mouth snapping open in a cry of joy as it went in deeper.

"YES ... YES OHHHHHHHHHHH YES!" she cried.

They laughed and Sameer rolled his hips under her, twisting his cock in her asshole. She cried out, twisting on his lap, her hands squeezing her breasts frantically. She reached down and clawed her cunt-lips wide open for Aslam.

"C'mon Nasir... shove it in ... fuck my cunt!" she gasped.

She arched back, opening her legs wide, her knees bent. Beneath her, Sameer spread his own thighs, levering her legs wider apart. Nasirgot between them and bent over and kissed her, his cock-head at her cunt-lips.

"OHHHH ma ohh! uhhhhOHHHHHHHHH!" she cried as Nasirsqueezed his penis into her.

Her body was angled between theirs, her hands on the bed behind her, her arms outstretched on either side of Sameer beneath her. Sameer reached up and squeezed her breasts, his fingers twining in her *mangalsutra*. She moaned as the hard beads of the necklace rasped across her nipples. Flames of lust rippled through her. Her shoulders hunched, her body shook, streaming with sweat, and her head fell back at the overpowering pain and ecstasy of the two cocks filling her adjacent orifices. She turned her head and Sameer kissed her, thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth.
