 Our return to the cabin was not unnoticed. Chintu eyed my tousled look with a knowing smile. 

Away from the others, he mentioned, in a low voice, "Looks like you had a fun trip to the store!" I gave him a sly wink, as I put the booze in the freezer to chill. If Taj noticed anything out of the ordinary, he made no comment. 

We moved the party to the dock, to enjoy the cool night air and bright sky. Throughout the evening, each guy took every opportunity to sit close to me or to cop a quick feel when they thought the others weren't looking.

All the activity kept me very horny, but I did nothing more that evening, except gently stroke a few bulges through the guys' shorts. 

Taj and Karan seemed to have perpetual erections, and I thought that they would surely wake with matching sets of blue balls. As to my situation, I was sure that my nipples and twat would be sore in the morning, but with a little loving, they would be ready for action again. 

The five of us proceeded to get very high out on the dock, doing shooters and smoking a few. I quit drinking after the second tequila shot, as I did not want to be a hangover victim. 

By 11:00 I was beat, and announced that I was heading to bed. I got several offers to tuck me in, or keep me company, but I assured everyone that I would be just fine. 

I stripped, and climbed into the bed nearest the bathroom. The day's activities had taken their toll, and I drifted into a contented sleep until early the following morning, Saturday and I awoke early Saturday to the sounds of mountain Wildlife. 

A host of birds were chirping in the trees and various other sounds surrounded the cabin. 

Prakash was sleeping soundly next to me, and a quick survey of the room showed that the other guys were also still sound asleep. I padded to the bathroom to brush my teeth and clean up a bit. 

Discounting my generally messed up long tresses, I wake up looking pretty much the same as I normally do. 

I don't wear much makeup, and out here in the woods, I was not planning on wearing any at all. After a quick shower, I glanced out to see that everyone was still asleep, and returned to the room to gather some clothes. 

I didn't have much variety, so I just grabbed the first shorts and tank top I found in my bag and slipped them on. Fortunately, the cabin had the most necessary of appliances, a coffee maker. 

I started a pot of Chocolate Hazelnut (I brought my own blend along) then went to the porch for a smoke. The lake looked beautiful, clear and smooth without a sign of life anywhere. I filled my monster coffee mug, and, after checking that everyone was still asleep, strolled down to the docks. I sat end enjoyed the serenity of the secluded mountain lake as I brushed the tangles out of my long blond hair. 

I thought about my activities of the previous day. I had done all four guys, but it didn't appear that they knew of each other's activities with me. I had really enjoyed the teasing and pleasing. I had especially enjoyed the expert loving I had with Chintu. My pussy dampened as I recalled his talented tongue, and meaty cock. I had almost gotten all the knots out, when I felt the dock shift under someone's weight. I looked up to find the object of my current fantasy standing over me. 

Chintu looked great in his tight gym shorts, and nothing else. His strong, tanned, athletic body looked good as he towered over me. "What's a sexy babe like you doing out here all alone, " he quipped, his eyes caressing the curves of my breasts. "What a smooth operator you are" I returned. "I bet you have the women eating out of your hands with great lines like that!"

"It's not my hands I want them eating" Chintu replied, burning a sexy stare at me as our eyes locked in lust. We were both hot for each other, but I hesitated a second.

"Are the others still asleep?" I wanted to have my way alone with Chintu again, so I could enjoy his expert loving without distraction.

"Still snoring away." Chintu answered, a prominence appearing to grow in his crotch. "I was the first to turn in last night, and they were all still shooting tequila when I left, so I think they'll be out for a while."

That was good enough for me. 

I reached out and ran my nails softly up Chintu's muscular leg, up to his thigh. He reached down and took my hand, effortlessly lifting me to my feet. Our bodies melted together and I could feel his cock twitch and grow as our pelvis' ground slowly together. 

Chintu's hands traced light caresses all over my supple body. While most guys go right for my ass and tits, Chintu seemed to enjoy the feel of my whole body. "I've thought of nothing but how sexy you were yesterday.

It was tough trying to keep my hands off you for the rest of the day." Chintu whispered in my ear, nibbling at the soft lobes. "I'd love to have the opportunity to really explore your WHOLE body."

"You didn't miss much yesterday, " I answered. 

"At least not anything I noticed" Sliding his hands down to caress my soft buns, Chintu whispered back, "I didn't get a chance to do this fine ass of yours!" 

I was a little shocked. It wasn't the first time a guy had wanted to fuck my shapely behind, but I had never done so many times either, and I told Chintu that. 

It was his turn to be shocked. 

"You mean Prakash has such a sexy goddess, and he's never even taken your perfect ass?"

"He's never really tried, " I replied. "But I'm sure I would have let him if he had." Chintu offered to initiate me, but I suggested that we should stick to other activities. 

"Unless you're not interested in the rest of me."

Chintu showed how wrong I was. He led me to the boat that was moored next to us, and helped me into the rocking vessel. I sat back on the rear seat, spreading my smooth thighs invitingly. 

Chintu moved to me, and stood between my spread legs, his cock making a tent of his shorts. 

He stood, hands on hips, looking down at me with his deep sexy brown eyes. I knew his unspoken desire, and I moved to perform. 

I pulled down his shorts slowly. When the head of his erect cock poked from the waist, I curled my lips around the bulging head and swabbed at the tip with my wet tongue. 

Chintu's moans increased, as I pulled the shorts to his ankles, and drew the length of his meat into my throat. It only took me about four strokes to fit his whole root down my slender throat. "You look so sexy with a mouthful of cock" Chintu moaned. "You are the most talented cock sucker I've ever met." 

I am proud of my cock sucking ability, and recalling the intense oral loving I had received yesterday, I did my best to give Chintu the same pleasure. 

With several inches of his hard bone in my throat, I contracted my throat muscles, as though trying to swallow the huge mouthful I was eating. While the fingers of one hand caressed his balls, my other hand worked between his taunt buns, rubbing the sensitive hole. 

I slid the finger between his legs, and into my wet, sucking mouth.

When it was soaked, I carefully pressed the long fingernail between the cheeks of Chintu's butt, and into his winking hole. He tensed, and his balls jumped, as my finger penetrated the tight opening. 

My mouth continued to work his big meat, and I kept up a soft milking of his swollen nuts and as my finger reached the full length in his butt, Chintu started to buck. I quickly pulled back my mouth, and wrapped two fingers tightly around the base of his cock to hold off his explosion. 

Chintu's cock throbbed under the pressure, but in a minute, he was calmed down. 

I turned him around, as I extracted my finger from his tight butt. 

I pressed my face between his buns, licking and sucking at his sensitive sphincter. "Oh Shanti, your are so nasty, I love having my ass done baby, keep it up!" Chintu was practically whimpering from the sensations. 

Prakash loves me to do his ass, and I feel like such a slut when I do this and Chintu's ass was clean, and tasted good as I probed the puckered hole with my tongue. I eased my finger back into his hole, watching the tight flesh swallow it up. 

Turning him around, I took his hard knob back into my ready, willing mouth. I worked my finger, fucking his ass as I fucked his cock with my face. I slurped noisily as I pounded his meat into my hot throat. 

Chintu was now bucking and pumping back as I worked to make him spew. "Oh fuck, I'm going to blow" Chintu warned. Needing to taste his seed, I pulled back so only the large, sensitive head was between my sucking lips. 

I battered his cock head with my tongue, until his spew began to shoot. His load was larger than the previous day's, and I could not swallow it all. Sticky come dripped from my lips, as I sucked my lover dry. 

Chintu was trying to not to cry out loud, as any noise would carry in the quiet morning air. he just kept moaning "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck" as I coaxed every drop of his sperm from his throbbing balls. 

Letting the spent cock slip from my mouth, I scooped up the load that was dripping from my chin. Looking Chintu in the eyes, I licked the last of his ejaculate from my fingers, and then the last few drops from the head of his drooping cock. Holding his flaccid tool by my cheek, I held his gaze and told Chintu, "I love to suck your cock baby. Your come is so sweet, I could drink a gallon!" 

Chintu's look held more than just lust as he watched my nasty antics.

"Shanti, " he said softly. "I could really fall for you in a big way. You are the sexiest woman I have ever met."

I was getting the same kind of feelings for him. 

It was not just the good sex, but something connected between us, an understanding on a plane beyond physical recognition. I knew that our relationship, if only sexual, would continue beyond this weekend. "I know how you feel, " I responded. "But for now, let us just enjoy the ecstasy of the moment at hand. I have a hot fire that needs your attention." 

Kneeling, at my feet, Chintu tenderly kissed me, our mouths open side. Our passion increased as Chintu began to caress my tender body. His mouth moved down my neck, tickling the sensitive flesh.

His fingers crept over my whole body as his hot mouth moved to my heaving breasts. My body shrieked in excitement as his mouth reached my nipple.

His hands caressed the smooth globes as his mouth worked over the stimulated tips. The action on my breasts stirred my already damp pussy. 

I writhed under Chintu's expert mouth as his lips left my tits, and kissed down my tight tummy, past my shorts, and down my long, tanned legs. 

His tongue found the backs of my knees, the soles of my feet, then back to my inner thighs. By the time he got back to remove my shorts, I was dripping in anticipation. I lifted my ass to allow Chintu to remove my skimpy shorts (I was not wearing panties). I was now completely naked and totally turned on.

Chintu took several seat cushions and arranged them on the deck. 

He helped me up from my seat and lay me down on the makeshift bed on my side. He then continued his loving of my body. His soft, hot tongue flitted over my neck and back as his fingertips traced faint currents of electricity all over my exposed flesh. All the while he was praising my sexy body and telling me how good he wanted me to feel. 

That was unnecessary, as I was feeling as good as any woman could, on the Contrary to the usual pump and run I got from most guys, Chintu was patiently making tender love to my body as well as my mind. By the time his lips touched my tender pussy, I was already creaming. 

As his tongue massaged my extended clit, his fingers caressed my hard nipples, and I reached my first climax of the day. Chintu's experienced mouth began sucking at my middle. His tongue would move from my clit, between the folds of my slit, between my legs and back to my sensitive asshole. One of his long fingers slipped inside me, stimulating my G- Spot. 

Occasionally, his thick tongue would squirm through the tight ring of my puckered back door, sending shivers of delight up my spine. 

When I began to moan and buck, indicating my approaching orgasm, Chintu latched onto my clit, and hammered it with his tongue. 

This let loose a mind blowing orgasm that seemed to rush from my brain to my toes. My whole body shook as the wave washed over me. 

I was panting and crying, as I breathlessly gripped his head and ground my crotch into Chintu's face. He redoubled his efforts as I gushed come from my quim into his sucking mouth. I nearly blacked out from the intensity. 

Chintu backed off, and allowed me to calm down. When my orgasm had subsided, 

I gradually became aware of a new sensation in my crotch. When my wits returned, I realized that I had fingers probing my insides through both my pussy and ass. 

The fingers were rubbing together inside my body, as they smoothly stroked in and out of my holes. Several guys had tried to do my ass over the years, but I had never let anyone get as far as Chintu was now. 

There was no discomfort, in fact, I was getting a thrill from this unique sexual deviation. Chintu moved his tongue to the puckered opening, providing extra lubrication. 

I was now moaning under his efforts, as the fingers in both openings stroked and rubbed. 

Chintu pulled his finger from my ass, but quickly I felt the pressure again as he slid two slick fingers up my back door. "Oh Chintu, that feels really good" I moaned as the two digits loosened my anal pore.

"Your ass is so fine Shanti, I'd love to show you how good it can feel, " was Chintu's answer. 

I was overwhelmed with desire. Chintu had played my lithe body like a fine instrument, and I was now ready to perform.

"Do me Baby. Take my hot ass! I want it!" Tears were flowing from my eyes in desire.

Even in the cool morning air, I was sweating, and rivulets rolled down my body as Chintu continued to knife his fingers in my ass. Both my holes were suddenly empty. 

I felt Chintu behind me, as he fitted his body to mine. His rigid cock rubbed against my slippery pussy, then slid up to meet my anxious ass. 

My asshole resisted, as the head pushed at my tightest opening. Chintu kept even pressure until the puckered opening relinquished its battle and opened to allow the head of his cock to enter. 

I let out a yelp, as a sharp pain split from my ass to my head. 

My ass felt as though it was on fire. Chintu stopped pushing, and began kissing my neck and fondling my tits as he whispered to me. 

"Give it a minute the pain will change to pleasure in a minute!" 

I trusted Chintu, and lay still, allowing my back door to get used to the fullness. 

As promised, my ass began to loosen and the burn softened to a fine tingle.

"I think I'm ready, " I whispered between clenched teeth. "Take it slow, please." Chintu, the ever patient lover, started to work his big cock up my tight anal chute. 

Another push, and several inches of cock filled my hole. Every millimeter that entered, created a new burning, but it was not uncomfortable. .

Chintu pulled back slowly, and my ass walls clenched at the missing invader. Even more slowly, he pushed back in, this time getting another couple inches in me. 

My ass was stretching, and gripped the girth of Chintu's cock with its ribbed walls. 

The fit was so tight, that I could almost count each thick vein that pulsed the walls of Chintu's big cock. Even though my ass felt fuller than my pussy ever had, 

I was sure that I had taken less than half of the meat that was being offered to my near virgin hole which was speared first by Suhas - my mother's paramour. 

Chintu began to stroke the length of his meat back and forth slowly. As the burning sensation spread through me, I felt my pussy beginning to pulse in desire. 

I stroked two long fingers over my clit, and was quickly rewarded by the onslaught of climax. 

As our combined actions began to get me off, I gasped to Chintu, "That's it baby, fuck my tight ass. I'm gonna come while you fuck my a-a-a-s-ss!, " and I exploded. Juices flooded my hole and spilled onto Chintu's sawing cock, buried beneath my juicy hole. 

The added lubrication, and my bucking actions, soon had Chintu rapidly pounding my nether region. 

By now, each stroke felt like it was hitting me in the navel. 

I was being ass fucked...and loving it. I was really getting into it, when Chintu eased himself from my butt, with a loud pop. He positioned me on my knees, head down, and my round buns pointed high for his easy access. 

I felt his tongue snake the puckered opening, licking and probing. Leaving my ass nice and juicy, Chintu rose up and reintroduced his member to my butt. Once the big head had eased inside, he was able to easily stroke me deeply. 

I writhed and mewled as I rubbed my twat and bucked back at Chintu's thrusts. 

The feel of this big cock filling my ass was indescribable and an act that only an hour ago I would not have considered and was now filling me with bliss. I could hardly wait to feel hot come shooting up my rectum. 

"Oh Chintu, I love your cock up my ass!" I yelped between gasps. "Please shoot your hot come inside me. I want to feel your hot load up my tight ass!"

My words heated up Chintu. He started moaning at me, "Oh Shanti, you've got the hottest, tightest ass I've ever felt. I'm going to screw your hot butt until I dump my load!" His strokes got more insistent, and I was lost in the pleasure of the sensation...until.

I felt my head being raised from the cushions, and a hard cock being pressed to my lips. Instinctively, I opened and started sucking the stiff cock. It took me a few strokes to realize, that I was doing two cocks, but I didn't know whose. I opened my eyes, and looked up around the cock that was filling my mouth. 

I saw Karan smiling down at me as he fed me his thick seven incher and I was as horny as I have ever been, and had no qualms about munching the thick cock snack, while getting my ass plugged. 

I adjusted my position to accommodate both men, and soon I was being pulled between the two thrusting cocks. 

Just as Karan got to my throat, I felt Chintu slam deep and I heard him cry out. My ass was filled with the warm flow of Chintu's load. 

The first shot filled me, while the subsequent pulses, oozed more hot load into my bowels. 

The feeling was incredible. Chintu pumped weakly a few more times, before he pulled out and collapsed to the deck. Karan pulled his thick, slick member from my sucking throat, and moved behind me. "I've always dreamed of fucking a hot babe in the ass, " he announced. I had no desire to resist, as I felt the thick tool push into my dripping ass.

"Give it to me baby, " I growled. "Fuck my ass with your thick cock"

Again, Karan was better endowed than he was talented. His cock pushed and pulled without rhythm. His actions were frantic as opposed to Chintu's even, smooth stroking. Despite the technique, I was still getting waves of nasty pleasure as Karan's fist thick cock pummeled my tender ass. 

I closed my eyes and relished the new sensations, as Karan reached new depths in my bowels. 

Chintu's cream had left my ass slick, and Karan had no problems pounding away. Unfortunately, far too soon, Karan unloaded, giving my ass its second dose of hot spunk. I squeezed my buns, milking the last of the come from Karan, as he moaned his pleasure behind me.

When Karan pulled out, I rolled onto my back on the cushions. Standing on the dock, watching me closely, were Prakash, and Taj. Karan and Chintu were stretched out around me in the boat. The guys on the dock had obvious bulges in their shorts. What a slut I felt like! 

I had just fucked two guys with my ass, whle an audience enjoyed my slutty activity. My body was on an adrenalin high, coupled with a deep hunger for sex. I looked up at the two on the deck and smiled sweetly. Pulling my tank top up to reveal my full breasts, I invited them aboard. 
