 Meena was as beautiful as Shanti remembered her. She lived in a big two story house. She met Shanti at the door stark naked. Shanti wondered if she had interrupted Meena and Ripu making love. 

But Meena explained airily that she and Ripu were nudists and that Ripu was at work.

Meena got the whole story out of Shanti. It was such a relief to talk about it. 

But all the time she talked Shanti could not keep her eyes from straying over the perfect beauty of Meena's body - the voluptuous curves, the full breasts, the dark tangled hairs of Meena's pussy. Their eyes met.

"Darling..." Meena's voice was husky, compelling. She spread her legs. "Won't you? Darling? Like old times?"

She sat in a beanbag chair. Mesmerized, Shanti scooted over on her knees to Meena. 

Her eyes did not stray from between Meena's long shapely legs. She placed a hand on each of Meena's knees. 

And she dipped her head down, extending her tongue to lap at the downy cunthairs.

She heard Meena's long sigh.

With slow thoroughness she tongue-bathed the furry hot box until she tasted the spicy, womanly juices from deep inside her succulent cunt. 

She fingered Meena's pussy lips. Then she pried them apart. 

Meena's clitoris twitched excitedly. It was larger than Shanti's. And the inner cuntlips were larger too.

She nudged Meena's clit. Then slowly she moved the tip of her tongue around the pink pussy lips.

Meena sighed heavily again and whispered, "Darling."

Shanti's pussy burned and she knew that her panties were damp with her juices. Meena's hand tried to dig inside Shanti's blouse.

"Get undressed, darling," Meena whispered. "Shall I undress you?"

"It's all right?" Shanti asked breathlessly. "I mean..."

"We're the only two people in the world," Meena answered.

Meena made no effort remove from where she sat in the beanbag chair. So Shanti stood and slowly undressed for her. Meena moaned appreciatively when Shanti exposed the creamy mounds of her breasts to her.

Meena's awe-inspired eyes traveled over each inch of Shanti's exposed flesh. Shanti's tits were hard, rigid. Her cunt dripped with hot juices.

Weakly she sank down onto the mat. In seconds Meena was with her, lying atop her. Their cunts ground together. Meena's cunthairs were sticky and stiff now excitingly prickly.

Meena dipped her head down and sucked on one of Shanti's pointed pink tits, as if she had been hungry for them ever since Shanti exposed those big boobs to her. She fondled the other big breast while she sucked at the tit.

Shanti's body tingled from head to toe.

She felt Meena's long black hair glide down her torso, felt the busy tongue on her smooth flesh, working slowly, slowly - down. 

The tongue swirled around her belly button. Shanti's hands clawed at the air. God, if Meena's lips didn't reach her pussy soon she would have to plunge her own finger into it.

"Ah!" she sighed heavily with relief when she felt Meena's mouth on her cunt mound.

Meena munched delicately at Shanti's pussy. 

She pried the lips apart and slid her tongue straight up the tapering hale. Shanti squealed and she was sure she could be heard all over the house. 

Meena's tongue licked her clit.

Shanti's head rolled from side to side. She pinched her tits, squealing, giggling.

"Give me your pussy!" Shanti cried out in a strangled raspy tone.

Next thing she knew she was staring up at Meena's black muff. It lowered to within reach of her tongue. Meena had turned atop her to the sixty-nine position. Her face had already lowered to Shanti's cunt again.

Shanti felt, smelled, the hot female juices. Her tongue pried apart Meena's cunt-crack until the gooey, blood-swollen lips were turned back, revealing the shiny pink insides. Juices flowed across Shanti's tongue, warm and spicy. She sucked, savoring the rich flavor. 

The membranes were slick beneath her tongue. And oozing with rich sap.

Shanti's lips smacked. The savory cuntjuice flowed on Shanti's lips.

She heard the muffled moan between her legs. God, Meena was coming! She felt the body convulse.

She grabbed hold of Meena's quivering, silken buttocks, pulling her down so that Meena's cunt was flat against her face. 

Her tongue speared deeper into Meena's oozing pussy.

Meena's moans were deep, fierce. 

And she passionately lapped at the slit of Shanti's box which Meena's quivering fingers pried wide apart. 

Her saliva dripped onto the sticky cunt hairs.

With a new surge of strength Shanti squeezed Meena's buttocks harder, pulling her cunt even tighter to her mouth. She lapped up succulent juices as deep as her tongue could dig. She tongue-fucked.

She began to giggle hysterically - her saliva dripping tongue still busy at Shanti's oozing box. The giggles became a piercing scream. And she opened her mouth wide and clamped it around the bushy mound, biting the meaty flesh gently. 

Her pussy lips constricted, imprisoning Shanti's sharp tongue deep in her pulsating, gushy hole.

Then with a heavy sigh she opened her legs and freed Shanti's tongue to lap richer juices. And dug her tongue deep into Shanti's tapering hole.

Shanti held tight to Meena's silken buttocks and moved her hips wildly up and down. She felt Meena's sharp tongue dig deeply between the clinging walls of her dripping cunt with each upward thrust of her hips.

Her vision began to cloud. The taste, the smell of Meena's cunt was richer than ever. She squealed. Meena was sucking, eating her dry. The syrupy juices flooded Shanti's throat. 

Her nostrils flared from the delicious, overpowering smell of pussy.

She moved her hips faster up and down. No, she wasn't dry yet! She felt fresh juices flow, bathing Meena's fierce tongue, feeding Meena's hungry mouth.

The orgasm was endless. She bucked her hips up and down harder, faster, crying out again and again around the sticky hairy mound flat against her face.

Her tense cries became soft little whimpers. Her blood flowed more slowly. Meena's tongue was warm and relaxed now, swirling gently around Shanti's cunt mound.

For another long moment Shanti held her lips clamped to Meena's pussy, gently stroking her smooth shapely ass. Juices, mingled with saliva, trickled from her lips.

Suddenly she became aware that someone else was in the room. She tensed only for a moment then relaxed again. So what if they were being watched.

Meena rolled away. Shanti closed her eyes and ran her tongue across her lips, licking off the sticky drippings that clung there. She opened her eyes again. Meena was stretching like a lazy, contented cat.

"Hello, Ripu," Meena said, yawning. "How long've you been standing there?"

"Long enough to get a bone on," a thick masculine voice answered.

Shanti looked at him. He was quite handsome. He wore a crumpled-looking corduroy suit.

"You can save that bone-on for later," Meena said. "Party's over."

Ripu shrugged.

"I take it you're Shanti," he said, giving Shanti's body a careful scrutiny.

"Yes," Shanti said weakly. She tore her eyes from that bulge at Ripu's crotch.

"Glad to meet you, Shanti," he said and winked. 

I don't have to worry that I'll ever become a dike, Shanti thought. I dig that male meat too much. That was confirmed in her mind again when she met the other inhabitants of the house. All of them were very casual in their nudity: the two lesbian dancers - tall, stately blonde Shaila, and her dark-haired lover, Irene. 

But it was Kris, the male half of the young couple, who made Shanti's pussy itch. He was bearded, tall and thin - almost too thin. His cock was enormous, and looked even bigger because of his thinness. 

It bobbed as he, walked. And he looked at Shanti with interest, despite the fact that his blonde girl friend held tight to his arm.

She had dinner that night with Meena and Ripu in a place that served natural foods.

"What kind of job are you looking for?" Ripu asked.

"Anything I can get." Shanti thought dolefully that three years of college as an English major hadn't prepared her for much.

"Too bad you can't type or something," Ripu said.

"Oh I can type pretty well," Shanti said. "But I can't take dictation."

"You could pick that up in night school in a few weeks," Ripu told her. "If you're determined to be an office drudge."

"I have to get a job."

"You could stay on with us," Meena said. "You could go to that commune with us. We get by with part-time jobs without selling our souls."

Shanti shuddered at the thought of staying with them permanently.

"Shanti doesn't dig our life-style, honey," Ripu said.

"I'd just rather be on my own," Shanti said weakly.

They went back home. 

The large front room was crowded with nearly a dozen people, most of them nude, all of them a little dazed-looking. They sat around cross-legged on the floor. A pimply-faced girl played the guitar and sang.

It was after two o'clock by the time everybody finally cleared out. 

And Shanti wanted to get up early the next morning and go job hunting.

Ripu was naked. He had the compact body of a swimmer. 

His cock has half-hard. In anticipation of sex with Meena? Or would Shanti be included? She'd never been in a threesome before. She found the idea exciting. She lay naked on the mat. 

Shanti had been one of the few to remain fully clothed all during the party and she was still fully clothed.

"The way you were necking with Gail I thought you'd go home with her tonight," Meena said to Ripu.

"What? And miss out on something great here?" Ripu answered.

"I was just kidding." Meena laughed. "I knew you wouldn't leave. Poor Gail!"

"Shall we tear Shanti's clothes off and defile her beauteous body?" Ripu said.

"Let's have no talk about defilement," Meena said, looking up on the brief dark look that passed across Shanti's face.

"Them just plain old wild sex," Ripu said.

He was standing close to Shanti, naked, hard-cocked. And she was fully clothed. Suddenly his big warm hand was inside her blouse. She wasn't wearing a bra. She felt his hand caress one of her tits.

"Ummm," he muttered.

Shanti gasped and surrendered to the delicious feel of his hand manipulating her breast. He pinched gently at the big nipple. It was already hard and it grew more rigid and pointed.

Shanti sighed as the two of them undressed... undressed her slowly... sighing with delight as each glorious part was stripped to their view.

Her pussy felt warm and damp. Their warm hands traveled over her full, uplifted titties, traveled the curves of her hips, the rounded pert buttocks.

She felt Ripu's tongue slide down her flat belly... slide down to trace the furry outline around her cunt mound.

"Oh!" she gasped. Ripu was down on his knees, lapping at her cunt.

She arched her back, thrusting her pelvis forward, feeding her cunt to Ripu's hot mouth. Her tits rose higher. 

And Meena got her mouth onto one of the big taut red tits and began sucking it.

With hot anxious fingers Ripu pried apart her pussy lips and speared his tongue way up the tapering cunt hole. 

The sensation was so overwhelming that Shanti nearly toppled backwards. 

But Ripu moved his hands back to grasp her silken buns. 

And Meena held one hand fast at her back, so that Shanti could relax to the fantastic feel of Ripu's pussy-eating mouth and Meena's expert sucking at her tits.

Ripu worked his tongue deep, ate, sucked with obvious intense pleasure. Oh God... could he ever eat pussy! She began to squeal. Ripu grasped her buttocks harder, puffing her cunt tighter against his face.

Meena grabbed hold of one of Shanti's hands and guided it to her pussy. She pushed a finger into her cunthole, felt it bathe in Meena's pussy-juices. Meena sucked harder on her tit. Ripu ate deeper into her pussy.

Shanti cried out, fell limply backwards. She bathed Ripu's lips with her pussy-juice. She heard him grunt with satisfaction. He looked up at her. His lips were sticky. His eyes sparkled.

Shanti's finger slipped from Meena's pussy as she let herself be led towards the mat. They sank down onto it. She felt their hot breaths on her flushed, alive body. 

They began exchanging kisses. And then for a few minutes their bodies were all tangled up and she sucked cock and pussy indiscriminately, feeling first Meena's then Ripu's mouth at her cunt. 

They tongue-bathed her - licking every part, rolling her over to lick at her ass, taking turns to lick the anus and then she was on her back again and each of them sucked her breasts. 

Meena fingered her cunt. Ripu's strong hand rubbed the inside of her thigh. She fondled Ripu's cock, her pussy aching for the feel of it inside her. She tickled his balls.

He rolled over onto her and slid his dick deep into her cunt. He dug his hands beneath her buttocks, puffing her up, dick buried in her to the balls. She thrust her pelvis upwards. Ripu's hips rolled, his cock buried in her to the hilt, his fingers digging into her buttocks. He pulled his cock out to the deep ridge of his cock head. 

Meena began licking at the exposed cock shaft. She slid her tongue along the cock shaft to where Shanti's cunt lips clung to the head of his throbbing dick. Her lips gnawed at Shanti's tangled cunt hairs.

Ripu lifted Shanti high off the mat again, his cock diving into her pussy until every throbbing inch was buried. Meena got beneath her, tonguing at her ass and along the tender flesh that separated ass-hole from pussy.

Ripu fucked her at a nice and easy tempo. 

Meena got out from beneath her and began chewing at one of her tits. She took hold of one of Shanti's hands and again moved, it to her cunt. 

Shanti finger-fucked Meena while feeling Ripu's meat driving in and out of her pussy incessantly and with no let-up by any means. 

Ripu's breathing got deeper, faster, his moans ragged. His whole body quivered when he shot his juice into her. Shanti's vaginal muscles kept contracting around his meat, draining all cum from him. He sighed heavily.

"Enough!" he said with a helpless little laugh as he pulled his dripping cock out of her pussy.

Shanti whimpered in frustration. 

But Meena's mouth was on her cunt at once, sucking put all the cum Ripu had shot there, lapping up the juices that flowed from Shanti's cunt-walls. And she flopped around to feed Shanti her pussy too. Ripu watched as the two women ate each other. 

They made delicious succulent noises as they sucked and tongued each other's pussy.

Shanti could see that Ripu had begun to beat his meat. Then her body began to tingle with orgasm and she became engrossed in Meena's cunt. With muffled squeals they shot off simultaneously.

Ripu had a massive hard-on. He took his hand away from his cock to show it to Shanti. It bobbed heavily. 

Shanti got onto her knees, staring at the shiny head. Voraciously her lips moved down onto the hot stiff meat to the root. 

Meena got in back of her husband, pried his buttocks apart and began tonguing his anus.

"Oh God!" Ripu gasped.

"He's hot as a pistol," Shanti heard Meena's husky voice. Shanti's lips were right down to the root of Ripu's cock, her nose poked into the pubes. "What say we take advantage of it, Shanti honey. When he's like this, he's the best pussy-eater in the world!"

Shanti chuckled, the cock down her throat. She moved her lips up to the tip, tonguing the shaft along the way. She could feel Ripu's body shiver.

"Well get back to going this later," Meena said. "What d'ya say, tiger?" She kissed one of Ripu's ass-cheeks.

"Okay gals, it's a deal," Ripu said thickly.

Giggling like a high-school girl, Shanti fell back onto the mat. And Meena fell down beside her. Shanti's left leg became entangled with Meena's right one. Both women arched their backs - offering up their hot boxes to Ripu's eager lips and tongue.

His face dove down onto Shanti's pussy first. His tongue speared deep into her into her hole, licking her clit reroute. He sucked and kept swirling his tongue around in the juicy inside. 

She could feel Meena's hot body writhing, her heated pussy aching for some of the same action.

Ripu pressed his face against his wife's succulent cunt. Shanti lay whimpering softly until she felt his wonderful tongue in her pussy again... felt his munching, pussy-eating lips.

"Eat it, lover!" Meena husked. "Now mine, lover!"

Ripu's face moved fast from cunt to cunt - hot lips and tongue lapping, sucking, munching. Shanti climaxed. 

And she was able to ready herself for another one while Ripu deftly took good care of his wife. The hot-boxed women flooded his mouth with their sticky, delicious pussy-juices.

And he started all over again, face flying fast from cunt to cunt... pussy-eating each in turn. 

His chin dripped with their juices. He kissed his wife passionately. And she licked away the pussy-juice from his chin.

"Remember your promise," he said thickly.

"Sure thing, lover," Meena said. "Come on, Shanti. Let's take care of this man."

It seemed to Shanti that Ripu's cock was hotter and stiffer than ever when she took it back into her mouth. It seemed to throb against the sides of her throat when she buried it deep. 

Meena was back there again, tonguing his anus, sucking and licking. His moans were wild and ragged. Shanti fucked fast and deep on his dick. But as he built towards climax, she held back and teased him with just a feathery touch of her tongue. Meena lapped lightly at his asshole, glided her tongue along the thick cord behind his scrotum.

"Ohhhh." Ripu's moan was intense, drawn-out. Such sweet torture - the women's tongue delaying the explosion a few moments more. "Oh God. God. God!"

Shanti licked away the sticky pre-cum at the slit of the head. She tongued ever so lightly, just the tip of her tongue at the sensitive area behind the head. Meena traced a circle with her tongue around his puckered anus. Ripu moaned. The two women chuckled. 

Their tongues worked him to an even more frenzied pitch. He could no longer stand many more seconds of the tantalizing tongues that would not allow the hot flow of release. His body trembled.

Meena dug her tongue deep into his anus and swirled it around.

Shanti sucked down to the base of his cock. She heard his ragged pap. She quickly worked her lip back up to the head, swirling her tongue around the shaft. 

Then to the root spin. His cock began to swell. 

Ripu cried out. His wife was spearing her tongue in his anus. 

Shanti's tongue swirled around his cockshaft. He cried out again.

Shanti felt heavy spurts of cum strike the back of her throat. She sucked him dry while Meena's tongue worked in little circles just inside his puckered anus.

"God," Ripu whispered.

Then they were still.