 "My wife would kill me if she knew we were doing this." I smiled.

"Yeah, she probably would." Shannon replied as she nibbled on my left earlobe while massaging my aching cock and heavy balls through my khakis.

"Of course, it would be completely worth it." I said as lifted her off of the floor by her ass, kissing her passionately as she wrapped her legs around me.

Shannon broke the kiss and panted, "You are such a dirty boy!"

My cock became instantly hard. "I guess you better clean me up then."

I carried Shannon to her bathroom. We were still kissing each other with an ever-increasing passion, Shannon also started grinding onto my throbbing manhood, making both of us moan with lust. When we got to the bathroom, I finally let Shannon down so she could turn on the water for our shower. When she turned around and bent over, I couldn't help myself and got on my knees behind her and pulled her skirt up over her luscious hips, pulled her very wet panties down to her ankles, put a hand on each cheek and reveled in her scent before completely devouring her pussy from behind.

"Hey! What are- OH!" Shannon had to brace herself when her knees tried to buckle from the pleasure she was receiving from my expert tongue.

I had spread Shannon's cheeks wide open, exposing her pretty, puckered anus and spreading her outer lips for easier access to her erect clitoris, inner vaginal lips and love canal. I started by teasing her clit with light, butterfly strokes of my tongue followed by long, slow licks along the whole of her womanhood. Then I would ream her opening and insert all three inches, tongue-fucking her for a few strokes. Next, I took her engorged clitoris into my mouth so I could nibble and suck on it. Shannon was panting and moaning appreciatively. I repeated my treatment of her and after a few short minutes, Shannon started bucking against my face. I wet a finger in her drenched pussy and inserted it into her ass up to the second knuckle at the same moment I sucked her clit into my mouth. Shannon exploded, sending a massive load of her girl-come all over my face. I swallowed as much of the intoxicating liquid as I could.

Shannon had turned around so she could sit on the edge of her tub while she regained her land-legs, "I love the way you eat my pussy."

"I love that you let me." I replied with a big smile. "You are positively delicious, by the way."

Shannon leaned over and licked the rest of her love juices from my face. "I am, aren't I?" She laughed.

We then started undressing each other as the steam fogged up the mirror. When Shannon pulled down my pants, my cock was straining against the fabric of my boxers. There was a large circle around the head of my cock from leaking precum. Shannon got on her knees before me and licked at the wet spot.

"You taste so good."

"I'm so very glad that you approve."

Shannon started nibbling along the shaft of my cock through my boxers to the base. When she reached the base, she kept going down to my balls, attempting to take each one into her mouth and tonguing my sack through my boxers, causing me to ooze more precum. Shannon then put her fingers in the waste band of my boxers and slowly released my cock from its cloth prison. It bounced proudly in front of her face at full attention a thick eight and a half inches with protruding veins, the tip wet and still leaking precum. With a look of pure animal lust, Shannon took my head into her mouth and sucked me slowly to the opening of her throat. She released me and took the head of my cock back into her mouth and started chewing lightly on the tip. Shannon then started jacking my cock with her right hand and massaging my large balls with her left all while sucking on the top three inches of my cock. Every so often, Shannon would pop my cock out of her mouth and either slap it against her tongue or rub it all over her face. I felt my come start to boil up in my balls, preparing for release. Shannon noticed this too and started to slowly take me all the way into her throat. Once she bottomed out on my cock, she began playing with my balls again and I completely lost it. My first shot of come went straight down her throat. Shannon pulled off of me and jerked the rest of my come into her mouth, onto her out-stretched tongue and all over her pretty face.

With a huge smile, she stood up and kissed me deeply. We swapped my come back and forth for a little bit until Shannon swallowed it all, and then got in the shower with me following close behind her. We both washed our own faces and hair, but then we turned our attentions on each other after that. We joined in a passionate embrace, kissing deeply as we soaped each other's bodies, taking extra time on those 'special areas' that are so much fun to wash and have washed. Shannon's nipples stuck out like long pencil erasers and were just as firm and rubbery as I massaged her ample breasts. Shannon brought my deflated cock back to full glory as she thoroughly washed it with her expert hands.

I couldn't take anymore of her loving attentions and I once again picked her up by her ass and planted her against the shower wall and shoved my soapy cock all the way into her ready and willing pussy. We both let out an excited moan as my cock fully buried itself inside her.

"Fuck me, Jeff!"

I pulled slowly out until just the tip of my head remained inside and slammed full force all the way back in. Shannon let out a loud yelp.

"Jeff, stop fucking around. Fuck me!"

I pulled out again, ever so slowly. All the way out until just the tip was left again. Then, I took a very long time entering Shannon very slowly. Shannon almost went crazy.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Shannon emphasized each of her following words by squeezing my cock with her pussy muscles, "Fuck. Me. NOW!!"

I pulled out quickly and slammed back in as hard and as fast as I could. Shannon screamed her surprise.

"Is this what you want?" I asked. I pulled out and slammed into her again, causing Shannon to cry out again. "Do you want me to fuck you hard and fast?"

Shannon ground her flaming pussy on my cock, squeezing me in the vice grip of her vaginal muscles, whimpering and biting her lip; Shannon nodded.

I leaned back for better leverage and began pounding into her as though it would be the last thing that I would ever do. I had my arms under Shannon's sexy legs at the knees and had her firm ass in my hands; I was using long, powerful strokes that made Shannon's breasts bounce wildly. Shannon had dug her nails into my shoulders and was shouting wantonly at the top of her lungs. I was pumping into Shannon's sweet snatch for all I was worth and grunting like a caveman. If anyone was in the next room, it probably would have sounded like the wall was going to cave in.

I felt another powerful orgasm approaching, so I changed my thrusts from quick ins-and-outs to slam in and hold, pull out and slam in again. I did this about ten times and on the final thrust; I felt Shannon's walls begin to quiver signaling her impending release. She bit her lip and pulled me in close. My cock was still buried to the hilt in Shannon's pussy and we came together, our juices mixing and spilling out onto my balls and down my legs. I gently kissed Shannon's forehead when I came back to Earth and we shared several sweet kisses before the water turned cold, shocking us both and bringing us back to reality.

Laughing like teenagers, we quickly got out of the shower and dressed and Shannon rushed me out of the door.

"See you tomorrow?" I asked before I kissed her goodnight.

"We'll see." She replied as always with that sexy smirk of hers.

---------------------------------------------

I met Shannon at work. I know you're not supposed to get into relationships with people from work for a myriad of good reasons, but MY GOD was she beautiful! Perfectly proportioned, silky auburn hair, radiant skin, wonderful smile, large breasts, and hips that just made me want to get all kinds of grabby. Also no matter what kind of mood she was in, Shannon always seemed to have this... I don't know... glow about her. Shannon also has a great sense of humor and a musical laugh that is very contagious.

We started out as causal work acquaintances until it was discovered that we both smoked, and we became smoke-buddies. The more we went out together, the more we got to know each other and we became fast friends. Shannon was just so easy to talk to and we flirted shamelessly. It was harmless, of course. I mean, after all, I'm married. I knew that Shannon was seeing someone, but she never really talked a great deal about who it was. I realized why one day when we were out for a cigarette and I was frustrated with one of our co-workers who just so happened to be openly gay.

**Author's note: I do not have a problem with homosexuality in the slightest. You don't have control over who your heart decides is the one for you, so as long as you're happy that's all that matters as far as I'm concerned.**

Anyway, I ended up calling him a 'fag' in my ranting.

"...blah, blah, blah. Rant, rant, rant. Whine. Complain. I can't stand him! ...fag."

Shannon looked moderately upset. "I didn't realize that you had a problem with gay people."

I looked at her, completely puzzled.

Shannon was visibly upset now, bordering on getting angry. "I'm BI! Does that bother you too?"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" I pleaded, "I don't have a problem!" I then explained to Shannon my views on sexuality and apologized for using such a vulgar word to describe our co-worker.

"Honestly, Shannon..." I said after a rare silent moment for us, "I think it's cool that you trust me enough to tell me about your lifestyle." I smiled a genuine smile.

"Well, it's not like it's a big secret or anything." Shannon smiled back.

Once Shannon's orientation was revealed to me, we actually became closer. I say that not because I get turned on by that sort of thing, but I wasn't so self-conscious about the little things anymore. If we were out smoking and an attractive woman walked by, I could look, because I knew that Shannon was checking her out too. Also Shannon's revelation opened this door where before we could talk about anything, but now we could talk about everything. I'm not going to lie; I was falling for this woman. Hard.

We took that next step at the holiday luncheon our department had the week before Christmas. The whole department was having a great time, we were all joking and laughing and some of them had even gotten a little tipsy. After a huge lunch, our boss decided that we had done enough work for the day and that we should all go home. Shannon and I had driven over together, so when we got back to my car I looked at Shannon and said, "Sorry honey, but I'm taking you home. You're in no shape to drive." Shannon reluctantly agreed and we left the restaurant talking about the luncheon and laughing.

While sitting at a red light, Shannon looked at me and out of the blue said: "You're such a good friend. I love you."

I blushed, "Thanks Shan, I love you too."

Shannon leaned over in the seat, put her head on my shoulder and patted my right thigh. "You're such nice guy, and cute." She kissed my cheek and put her head back on my shoulder.

My face felt like it was on fire and I hadn't even had anything to drink. "Well thank you! You're not so bad yourself." I patted her hand that was on my thigh, "Also, you are CRAZY beautiful. I just thought you should know." I smiled and kissed her forehead as the light turned green.

Shannon's head remained on my shoulder and I was enjoying the attention. Then I felt her hand slowly move up my thigh. "Shannon? Whatchyadoin'?"

"Shh... Just enjoy it." Shannon whispered into my ear. I could actually hear her cat-like grin as she fondled my semi-erect member. "Well, well, well! What do we have HERE? You're wife must be happy, huh?"

"Well..." I tried to be humble but failed miserably, "...yeah."

"It's still getting bigger!" Shannon purred as she continued to massage my growing cock through my pants.

"It's only about half-mast, sweetie, you still got a ways to go."

Shannon then unzipped my fly and pulled out my almost-fully-erect cock and started sucking it, completely oblivious to her surroundings. When it was fully erect, Shannon pulled off and stroked it, admiring its girth and protruding veins. Shannon looked me dead in the eye: "I need this cock, Jeff. You have to fuck me."

I pulled into her driveway and turned off the ignition. Shannon was looking at me like a lioness eyeing up a zebra, biting her lip in that way she does that drives me wild. "Are you coming?" she asked.

"Not for a while." I smiled.

Shannon jumped out of my car and ran for her door. When she opened it, she turned around and shouted, "You can't get me!" and bolted inside.

I took off after her, following the trail of clothes she left in her wake taking my own off as I went. I found her in her bedroom, the both of us completely naked and taking ragged breaths. Shannon handed me a condom and asked, "Are you ready for me?"

I put it on and stared deep into her chocolate brown eyes, "Are you ready for me?"

We tackled each other onto her bed and fucked like wild animals. Missionary, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, doggie, side-saddle, 69, on the bed, on her dresser, in the living room, in the hall, the kitchen, and the bathroom; it was all a blur. There were no words, just moans and grunts and pants and shouts. It was the most vigorous and incredible sex I've ever had. After we had finally fucked ourselves silly and we crashed on the bed, Shannon lying beside me with her head on my chest and her arm draped over my stomach; I wondered to myself (and not for the first time), 'Why couldn't I have met you sooner?'

---------------------------------------------

Shortly after I left her, Shannon was entertaining another guest.

"mmm... He was here again, wasn't he?"

Shannon was panting feverishly as she was the subject of a second expert tongue-lashing in as many hours. "...unh, unh, UNH... Oh GOD! Yes he was, and he absolutely fucked me silly!"

"His come tastes so good coming out of your pussy. I love how both of your juices taste together. It would be so hot to suck his juices out of you right after he fills you up!"

Shannon was writhing uncontrollably under the expert tongue of her girlfriend, images of the three of them together on the bed. Shannon imagined lying on top of her girlfriend in a 69 position while Jeff fucked her from behind with his massive cock, his hands gripping her taut ass cheeks as her girlfriend licked and sucked on her clit from below while Shannon herself buried her face in her female lover's sweet-smelling snatch. After an athletic fuck, Jeff would empty his heavy balls into Shannon's willing womb and her girlfriend would then happily suck Jeff's seed back out. 

Shannon exploded into orgasm all over her lover's face. She had lost control of her body and was spasming wildly as she rode the super-heated waves of passion. Shannon's girlfriend held onto Shannon's hips and continued playing with her clit as Shannon's climax finally subsided and she fell asleep. Shannon's girlfriend looked at her contented lover, covered her up, got dressed, wrote a quick note and left for home.

The note read: If your imagination could do that to you, imagine how the real thing would be. We should definitely make this happen! -Me

---------------------------------------------

When I got home from Shannon's I was greeted by a note on the fridge. My wife, Amber, said that she had some errands to run, that she would be home later, and that I would have to fend for myself for dinner as she was going to eat while she was out.

I went to the bedroom and got changed into a white A-shirt and my dark green baggy shorts. I made a ham and cheese and ate it over the sink and then puttered around the house, straightening up before Amber came home. I was sitting on the couch, reading a book when I heard Amber's keys in the door. I could tell that she was excited by the way she opened the door, I just didn't know how much so until she jumped and straddled me on the couch, staring and smiling her wicked smile. Before I could open my mouth, I could actually smell her excitement, "Did you have a good time?" I asked as I caressed her thighs and hips.

We wasted no time getting started; we were kissing passionately there on the couch. Amber was wearing a loose-fitting sweat suit with only a sports bra underneath as Amber was not in the habit of wearing underwear. I pulled her top and bra off as she pulled off my A-shirt and we held each other close enjoying the feeling of the other's skin on our own in a kiss full of fiery passion; Amber's snowy-white skin, usually a sharp contrast to my light brown, was flushed with her excitement. Amber and I were grinding together on the couch, Amber on top of me grinding in the cowgirl position pushing my face into her firm breasts as I nibbled and licked and sucked at her very sensitive nipples, my hands inside her pants squeezing and pulling apart her sculpted ass cheeks and playing with the puckered rim of her anus with the tips of my index fingers.

Amber broke from our embrace to play with my nipples. I pulled her hair back so I could see her angelic face, "I love you, Amber."

"I love you too, baby." Amber said while switching nipples, "You know what else I love?"

I inserted the tip of my right index finger into Amber's incredibly tight asshole. "Tell me."

Amber emphasized her next statement by grinding especially hard and slow along the length of my shaft, "I love this fucking cock. It's so nice and big and hard! I get wet just thinking about it, you have to fuck me with it right now!"

Amber lifted herself off of me and pulled her bottoms off and then got on her knees between my legs and pulled mine off too. She took my throbbing manhood into her mouth to get it sufficiently wet. Once Amber was satisfied with her handiwork, she climbed back on top of me and after lining me up with her opening, impaled her deliciously tight pussy onto me causing the both of us to gasp and moan in intense pleasure.

I continued to play with Amber's puckered rosebud as she adjusted herself to accommodate my girth, working my finger in to the second knuckle. It's funny to me that with as long as we've been together, and making love or fucking each other's brains out at least once every other day, Amber is still so remarkably tight. It's like having a virgin without the mess of breaking the hymen every time we have sex. Amber let me know that she was ready when she dug her nails into the back of my neck and started lifting herself and slamming back down on to me like she'd never be able to again.

"Ay Mami! Your pussy is so hot and wet and gripping my cock so fucking TIGHT!" I growled into my wife's left breast.

"Oh Papi!" Amber cried. "Papi your dick is so hard and big! You're tearing Mami's hot little pussy in two!" She screamed as she bottomed-out on my cock and rubbed her clit rocketing her into her first orgasm.

I continued to finger Amber's asshole as she came down from her orgasm. She lifted her head off of my chest, kissed me on the lips, and asked, "You want to try something new?"

The last time Amber suggested we try something new; it was to start anal play. I didn't get to fuck her in the ass, but I was finally able to ream her asshole and finger it, much to Amber's delight. So naturally I was VERY interested in trying something new. Amber got off of me and led me over to the center of the living room floor using my still fully-erect cock as a leash and had me lay down on my back on the floor. Amber straddled my head and lowered herself to sit on my face. I love to eat pussy so I was looking forward to the change of venue. Instead of sitting on my face, however, Amber sat on my chest and after a subtle adjustment, offered her ass for me to eat. I happily obliged my wife who was lying on top of me, her back on my stomach. I heard her rummaging in her purse and pull something out, but I was too involved in what I was doing to worry about it. Amber sat up again and after a couple of seconds I saw the series of flashes and heard the digital click of her camera. My wife just took a picture of me eating her ass! I didn't think it was possible, but I became even harder at that. I felt Amber lay back down on me and then I felt her stroking my cock. I hummed my appreciation into her ass and slid my tongue into her sphincter. Amber gasped and swallowed half of my cock and started sucking me off to a huge ball-emptying orgasm. I saw several more flashes and heard several more clicks. My god! She was taking pictures of her sucking my cock! I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold on much longer, so I lifted Amber's legs, shoved the index and middle fingers of both of my hands into her soaking pussy at the same moment I shoved as much of my tongue into her perfect ass, I thrust my cock into my wife's expert mouth and unleashed a huge load. The kinkiness of it all must have gotten to Amber too, because as soon as I started cumming she did too; completely covering my face with her juices.
