 Madhavi was a demoness. 

I dropped her home but she did not allow me to leave and wanted me to join her once again in her bedroom and gad to obey the new born slut – genes were everywhere – the Aunts drained and kept draining me and now it was the niece.

She managed to get me hard once more and get me to fuck her again in the cunt before we both dropped off to sleep. I was contented and exhausted, and my prick couldn't take another fuck. Or so I thought! I woke up in the middle of the night and needed to take a piss. I looked over at where Madhavi was sleeping contentedly, a smile on her face, her legs slightly spread as she celebrated her newly-lost virginity in her dreams. I kissed her on the forehead and got out of bed. It was a short jaunt across the hall to the bathroom. I looked around for my pants, but they'd been tossed somewhere and in the darkness I couldn't find them. I opened the door and poked my head into the hall–there was no one around. It must have been after four in the morning. The house was jet black. I stepped out into the hall naked and went into the bathroom, closing the door but not locking it.

When I'd done what I needed to, I turned around and stretched. I bent over the sink and splashed some cold water on my face. I didn't hear the door open and close again. When I stood up, there was Radha. I gasped, startled, and then caught my breath. She was wearing the cream-colored kurti and thin line panties that I'd seen drying earlier in the front room. Her tits stretched the top invitingly, a pair of the most gorgeous tits I'd ever seen. Radha's cunt was barely covered by the thin flap of material which formed the crotch of the silky panties, and the lace was see-through enough that nothing was hidden.

"Well, well," smiled Radha. "Taking a little break?"

She looked me over the same way she had when she'd first seen me, only this time it was more obvious what she was looking at, she covered me from head to toe with her gaze, approvingly sizing me up. I remembered with a start that I was nude–and my cock was beginning to get hard. I reached out for a towel that hung on a hook.

"Don't do that," said Radha, smiling as she took a step closer to me. She put her hand on my wrist, stopping me from getting the towel. She was very close now, and her long fingernails brushed my hand. I decided not to cover myself. Her nipples were erect and I stared at them.

"So I guess Madhavi finally got deflowered, eh?" she said."How was she?"

"Why do you ask?" I grinned.

"Oh, maybe I want to keep an eye on my roomie, you know ...and maybe an eye on her sex organ ..."

"Really," I said as she slowly moved her other hand toward my cock. 

"Really. Not that I'm a voyeur or anything. Though I could hear everything since the time you both returned here and that told me everything – she was fucking like no johnnie or Janie and not like a Virgin anymore."

"Everything?"

Radha's hand hovered over my long shaft. "Madhavi doesn't realize how thin the walls are in this house. And there's nothing but plasterboard between her room and mine. And there also just happens to be this little hole where I can see into her room—and boy, did you two ever put on a show."

Radha's hand slowly closed around my cock. She squeezed it and started moving my prick up and down. Then she pressed her lips to mine and firmly thrust her tongue into my mouth and started jerking me off.

"I've gotten you all hard," she said. "So poor Madhavi must not have satisfied you. I saw the way you were looking at my tits just now. If I got you hard, the least I can give you is a few minutes on top of me to get yourself off. Now Madhavi wouldn't object to that, would she?"

My eyes were closed and I was lost in eroticism. Radha kept jerking me off as she slowly got down to her knees, then lifted my cock toward her mouth. I looked down at her as she slowly covered the swollen head with tongue-strokes, then sucked my shaft into her mouth.

"Mmmmm," she said when she pulled out. "I can taste Madhavi's cunt. She must be a good fuck." Radha gulped my cock back down, deep-throating it without pausing. I put my hand on the wall to steady myself as she started pumping my prick. Her tongue felt like a vibrator on the underside of my cock. 

She shoved my prick in and out so fast I thought I'd cum right away–but she knew how to tease me. Within minutes I had already decided to fuck her. I grunted as I felt Radha's lips clamping around the lower part of my cock–then she started sucking harder and harder, preparing me to cum! I leaned heavily against the wall as I let out a muffled groan and then my cock throbbed, pouring a thick stream of cum right into Radha's mouth!

Radha kept sucking my cock, sliding it in and out, as I came. She gulped my cum down and as I went soft and slowly slipped my prick out of her mouth. She stood up and pressed her scantily-clad body against mine.

"Come into my room," she whispered. "Quickly. We've got to make this fast."

She took my hand and led me across the hall, into her bedroom. There was a candle burning, but otherwise the room was unlit. It was smaller than Madhavi's room, and the bed was just a single. There were pictures of half-nude guys all over the walls. Radha sat me down on the bed, then sat next to me. "Can I squeeze just one more orgasm out of you?" she whispered into my ear. "I realize Madhavi must've tired you out ... but just get hard one more time so I can fuck you."

Radha stood up then, her gorgeous tits hanging in my face.She reached down and grabbed the edges of her camisole, then lifted it over her head and slipped out of her panties. She got on the bed and took hold of my cock and started rubbing it. It got hard quickly. I climbed between Radha's spread legs as she guided my cock to her pussy. I slid my cock up Radha's pussy. She thrust her tongue into my mouth as I started to fuck her, feeling her snatch's silky caress.

"That's right," whispered Radha. "Fuck my pussy good ... cum in my slit ... I just want you to cum in my slit!"

I started pumping my cock in and out of Radha. Her cunt- juice dribbled down over my balls as I thrust slowly in her.

"Faster," she panted. "Cum inside me!"

She wanted a quickie, all right, and I was close to cumming already. My cock was sore from all this hot boning, and I was worn out. But I squeezed one more climax out my swollen member.

I began to suck on Radha's huge tits, biting down on her erect nipples as she worked her hips back and forth to shove my cock into her slit. She groaned as I penetrated her faster, whispering encouragement into my ear as I got closer to climax.

"That's right ... fuck me faster ... cum up my pussy!"

I let out a groan as my orgasm burst, gushing out my cock. Thick hot fluid poured into Radha's tight cunt, filling her up. As I finished, I lay on top of her panting.

"Ooooh," she sighed, kissing me. "There's nothing I love more than making one of Madhavi's boyfriends cum. But now that she's lost her virginity, I've got a lot of fucking ahead of me.I've got more guys to seduce."

I scowled at her. She immediately looked sort of guilty.

"I'm sorry," she whispered. "I guess I'm just a bitch whore. But I feel so sexy seducing guys other women bring home. Maybe I should just fuck her."

I laughed. "Is that why you fuck her guys?"

Radha started to blush. "Well, I love getting fucked–but I guess I am sort of turned on to Madhavi ..." 

"That's what I thought," I said. "You should seduce her for a change. She's hot for a woman."

Radha looked away. "I could never do that ... you think I'm a dyke or something?"

"Not at all, don't be silly–lots of girls like to eat pussies. And I think two chicks fucking is the sexiest thing in the world."

Radha's face brightened. "Do you really? You don't think it's gross?"

"Don't be silly. It makes my cock hard."

"I wish it would," sighed Radha, reaching down between my legs. Thinking about her and Madhavi getting it on had begun to make me hard.

"Maybe it does," I said.

"Oooooh," cooed Radha. "It does ..."

She kissed me deeply, thrusting her tongue into my mouth as she jerked my cock back and forth. "Fuck me from behind this time?" she begged in a very low voice. "Like you fucked Madhavi the second time in this house – I do not know how many times you guys did in your house where she lost her cherry!"

"You really were watching closely," I whispered.

"That's why we have to be so quiet. The walls are paper- thin."

Radha slid out from underneath me and got onto her hands and knees, lifting her ass up so I could see her gorgeous ass cheeks.

She reached between her legs and parted her cunt lips with her fingers, exposing her tight pussy hole. I climbed behind her and let her take hold of my cock.

"Ooooh," she sighed as she guided it into her cunt. I held her hips and thrust forward, entering her slowly. Radha bit her lip to keep from making noise as I put my cock into her cunt from behind. She started working her ass up and down, forcing my cock in and out.

"Just like you fucked Madhavi," she panted. "Just like you fucked the little virgin."

I fucked Radha faster and faster, feeling my cock sting with exertion. I rammed it into her, getting hotter and harder as she whimpered. Suddenly Radha let out a low moan and I knew she was cumming. She quickly stifled her noises of pleasure so we wouldn't wake Madhavi. Radha's cunt contracted hungrily around my prick and then I spurted, giving her my juice from behind.

"I hope we didn't wake her," she said, getting up and kneeling on the bed so she could lean against the wall. She removed a post card which was tacked to the thin plaster barrier and peered through the tiny hole. "Ooooh," said Radha. "She kicked off the covers. Isn't she a picture?"

Radha moved aside and I looked through the hole. Madhavi's whole bedroom was visible. Madhavi had kicked the covers off the bed in her sleep and now was spread-eagled on the mattress. Her cunt was plainly visible in the moonlight from the window. "She's a picture," I said, getting off the bed. Radha giggled. She got onto her back, staring up at me with her legs spread.

"Give me a call sometime when Madhavi's not around," she said huskily, reaching out and pulling me onto the bed. She kissed me hotly, biting my tongue. "You know my bed's always open for you."

She smiled as I turned to leave. "And you know Madhavi's is, too. Not only that ... but if you're fucking her, I'm probably watching."

I watched Radha as she spread her fingers, slowly stroking her hand down her body. She parted her legs further and tucked her hand into her crotch, touching her wet pussy. With her fingers she began manipulating her clit, then gradually slid her whole hand into the slit between her pussy lips. She started rubbing herself as she pressed two fingers up her cunt, panting as she did.

"And I'll be doing this," she said, fucking herself as I watched. "Fucking my pussy with my fingers. I always jerk off when I watch Madhavi dress ... or fuck!"

Slowly Radha eased her fingers out of her cunt and lifted them to her face. She licked them clean and rested her hand on her other breast, so she held them both. She winked at me and licked her wet lips.

"See you around," she said.

I smiled as I left Radha's room and stepped into the hallway.

I had one more load to shoot that night and I knew where I was going to shoot it.

I slowly climbed on top of Madhavi's sleeping body, fitting myself between her legs. She stirred slightly. I knew Radha was watching. That's why my cock was so hard. I began to lick my way over Madhavi's breasts, careful not to wake her. I wanted her to awake slowly, with the delicioussensation of being fucked. I gently nibbled on Madhavi's hard nipples, then licked her stomach. Finally, I moved up and lay fully down on top of her, my cock between her legs.

Madhavi gave a sleepy squirm as I pressed her nude body into the bed. I held still for a minute to make sure she was still asleep, her gorgeous face serene in her dreams. I glanced back over my shoulder. I could just make out the tiny hole in the plaster–a hole Madhavi hadn't ever noticed. Iknew Radha was behind it. I winked at her.I put my cock up to Madhavi's cunt and slowly pressed it in. Madhavi gave a sleepy sigh as I penetrated her. She was still sopping wet even though she'd been asleep for hours. She must have been having wet dreams. She squirmed some more, but didn't wake up as I entered her all the way. Her tight wet pussy held onto my cock tightly. 

Things were about to get kinky. I could picture Radha, body pressed against the wall, her hand shoved into her cunt as she rocked back and forth with her legs spread. I could already hear the creak of bedsprings beyond the wall. Radha could see my ass flexing as I got ready to fuck Madhavi's sleeping body.

I tugged back on my cock, easing it out of Madhavi's cunt. Then I thrust forward, and started fucking in and out of her tight hole.

Suddenly, her eyes opened and she stared up into my face. She panted, "I thought it was a dream. Oh yes ... fuck me ..."

She was still very sleepy, but she managed to get her arms around me and reach down to hold my ass as I pumped into her. I fucked Madhavi slowly at first then picked up speed as I heard her moaning. The whole time, I knew that Radha was watching us and fucking herself with her long fingers.

I heard a light thumping on the wall behind us–Radha's bed hitting the wall as she jerked back and forth on it. That drove me over the edge and Madhavi was about to cum too. Her cunt flexed in orgasm as she spread her legs closed tighter around my body. I plunged into her, listening to her cum. Then my cock began to spurt, pleasure raging through me as Madhavi took it into her tight cunt again and again. The thumping on the other side grew louder and I thought I heard a faint moan. Then the sounds stopped abruptly. Within seconds, Madhavi was asleep again–a contented but horny sleep. I looked back toward the wall and Radha. She tapped against it softly and then let out a long, pleasured moan which I could just make out through the plaster.

The three of us took Chitra's car over to Madhavi's house on Wednesday. 

Chitra looked incredible in a tight Leggie and low neck top, with no shirt, that plunged deep between her tits and made it quite evident that she couldn't possibly have a bra on. She wore a matching leggings that came so high on her thighs that the lower curve of her ass cheeks was quite visible. It was pretty obvious that she was wearing so underwear, as well, since Chitra had taken care to flash me quite a number of times already.

She had on high heels and bare legs, and looked like she was ready to fuck. Since she was driving, Shanti and I were in the back seat. Shanti wore even sluttier clothes than Chitra. She had on nothing but a purple bra over her tits covered in a black blouse and a black saree, though her sweater lay on the car seat. Both were ready to take on their niece and before we reached Madhavi's house, I had found out just how ready for action Shanti was. As Chitra drove, Shanti and I made out in the back seat, rubbing our bodies together and kissing wildly. I undid the front hook of her bra so I could suck on her hard nipples and, before long, she had my pants open and her hand around my cock, jerking me off hungrily. She helped me open up the panty with a zipper – as usual she wore no petticoat out of the way, and I slid two fingers up Shanti's warm slit.

"You two horny fuckers can't make each other cum yet," said Chitra from the front seat. "We've got to save our orgasms for this little just busted virgin niece Ratan wants us to initiate."

"We're just warming up," said Shanti, slowly sliding one leg over my waist. I snuggled down into the seat as she spread her legs and straddled me, then settled down on top of me. She guided my cock through the open crotch of her pants and I felt it sinking into her tight wetness.

"Now make sure you don't cum inside me," Shanti whispered. "I just want you to get good and horny. Tell me when you're about to cum and I'll pull out so you can save it for my dear slut niece Madhavi."

Neither girl had any doubts about Madhavi but the virginity was a surprise – they thought she had busted long back, but as a favor to me,they'd agreed to come to her house and fuck her. I'd described her as the sexiest ex-virgin in the world. That drove Shanti and Chitra crazy, and they were both glowing with lust for her. Shanti started fucking her body slowly back and forth, pullingmy cock in and out of her. "That feels so good," she whimpered.

"I hope we're there soon ..."

At a long stoplight, Chitra put on the emergency brake and leaned over, turning in her seat and taking hold of Shanti's ass. She tugged the crotch of Shanti's pants further open and slipped

her tongue into her girlfriend's willing crack. Shanti lifted herself to give Chitra a better angle as she began to thirstily lick Shanti's asshole.

"Uh ... yes ..." whimpered Shanti.

The light changed and Chitra turned around, letting out the break and pulling away quickly so that Shanti slipped forward and thrust my whole cock into her pussy in one hard shove.

"Uh ... so good ... fuck my pussy ..."

We pulled up in front of Madhavi's house.

Chitra turned around and playfully slapped Shanti's ass. "Come on, you two! Up and at 'em! There's plenty of fucking to be done inside!"

Shanti slowly pulled herself off of me, easing my cock out of her dripping pussy. She sat next to me and tucked my underwear back over my prick. It was soaked through with her cunt juice before she could zip up my fly. She fastened my belt and then pulled her own pants closed.

"Sorry, love," she said, kissing me. "I promised our friend. Let's go inside."

We got out of the car and followed Chitra up the path to the front door. I watched her gorgeous bare legs as she walked. The hem of her mini-skirt swayed dangerously close to her pussy. I fancied that I could see little tufts of pubic hair sticking out below the skirt. My cock stayed hard as Shanti and I walked up to the door.

Chitra knocked, and Madhavi answered. When she did her eyes went wild and her mouth dropped open.

I hadn't told her that I'd brought her two aunts–and certainly not that the two were as gorgeous as Chitra and Shanti. Madhavi just stood there for a second, gawking, looking at her Aunt Chitra up and down. Her eyes hovered around the deep cleavage exposed by Chitra's blazer, then moved down to her long, lush legs as they stood slightly parted. Madhavi herself looked quite gorgeous in a tight cotton top which laced between the breasts–she didn't wear a bra either, and she had on a loose white mini-skirt with long lacy white pantyhose.

Chitra stepped forward, putting her arms around Madhavi's shoulders.

" Madhu darling, you needed a broker Ratan to get us – one call and we would have come anyways. And what a pretty young slut you have become – we thought you gave up your virginity long back to Sriram – your cousin ain't it – what is this new virginity you gave up for Ratan?."

Chitra pressed her lips to Madhu's mouth. Madhu squirmed at first, astonished with what was going on, but she yielded almost immediately and let her hands rest on Chitra's hips. Chitra and she frenched as Shanti and I stepped into the house.

Madhu glanced around nervously, than whispered, "Let's get into my room. Quick."

We all went into Madhu's room. I shut the door but didn't lock it. No sooner were we inside than Shanti and Chitra had pressed Madhavi back onto the bed, climbing on either side of her. "Just relax, darling. Shanti and I are experts with women.And I'm dying to get at this luscious body of yours."

Shanti quickly slid out of her clothes while I watched gape-mouthed. Chitra went to work on Madhavi's shirt, unlacing it as she kissed her. Shanti moved down and lay between Madhavi's spread thighs, tugging them open and pulling up the loose white mini-skirt.
