 Around 10 am, the next morning – Shanti came over to the terrace and took me down ,their men had left for the day – not an inkling of what went on just a floor above – you need more such hubbies if you have to enjoy real sex with adulterous outrageous and sex filled nymphomaniacs.

And my favorite porn were always the ones which showed gorgeous women, two or three at a time, eating each other's pussies and fucking each other with dildoes. But I had never dreamed that I'd be on my bed with two of the sexiest bitches on earth rubbing each other's nude bodies together and shoving their tongues into each other's mouths! I watched as Shanti groaned in surprise, then relaxed. Her mouth dropped further open and I saw her tongue shoving its way back against Chitra's. Their two tongues played in plain view, stroking each other as Chitra drooled. She shoved Shanti more firmly onto the bed, their legs entangled and twisted together with mine. 

Then Chitra settled her tits down, letting out a sigh as they pressed into Shanti's. My eyes went wide as droplets of cum oozed out between the mounds of flesh. Shanti and Chitra both seemed to like that a lot. They rubbed their tits together as Chitra worked her fingers in between them, smearing the cum all over her own supple mounds. Then she lifted her cum-slick fingers to Shanti's face and began to wipe the cum onto her bright red cheeks. Shanti moaned as Chitra began to lick it off. Chitra arched her back a little, freeing her tits from Shanti's so she could rub the cum into her hard nipples and cleavage.

Then she licked her way down over Shanti's neck and onto the cum-smeared breasts. Shanti's tits jiggled as Chitra flicked her tongue over them, licking off droplets of cum and sucking at the hard nipples. With her other hand, she reached out and took hold of my prick. It was plenty hard by then–ready for another round! Chitra began to sensuously jerk me up and down as she covered Shanti's tits in tongue-strokes, cleaning off the last drops of cum. Now Shanti's tits were slicker than ever, only now they were smeared with her girlfriend's saliva. As Chitra finished with Shanti's big tits, she leaned back to allow Shanti a shot at hers.

And Shanti didn't waste a second, pouncing forward to suck on Chitra's tits. The sight of them nursing each other made me even hotter than the feeling of Chitra's hand on my cock! And Chitra's hand felt incredible, the tight fist formed around my long shaft of flesh. I stared eagerly as Shanti sucked droplets of cum off the whole expanse of Chitra's breasts.

They both looked at me, broad grins forming on their gorgeous faces. I must have looked astonished.

"What's the matter," asked Shanti. "Ain't you ever seen a couple of lesbians before?"

Chitra sighed, sucking on Shanti's tits. "He must be from the suburbs," she mumbled through a mouthful of boob-flesh.

"But it sure seems to be making his cock hard," said Shanti, easing her hand out to caress my prick and tight balls. "In fact, I'd say he's aching to watch us do more. I bet he's never even seen two hard-core blood sister lesbians."

"Oh yeah," growled Chitra. "We love pussy more than we love cock."

"Mmmmm," sighed Shanti as she caressed my prick. I was just staring, unsure what to think. But seeing these two women in heat for each other made me crave more. After all the fuck flicks I'd watched with lesbians in them, I was finally seeing two sexy dusky women make it together in real life.

"Oh yes," said Shanti. "He's definitely interested. He's getting hard just watching us."

Chitra giggled, biting down hard on Shanti's nipple. She was plainly getting into the act. "That's great, you fucking slut."

She began to suck and lick her way down Shanti's body, prompting Shanti to turn on her side. That way I could see Chitra's gorgeous back and ass, and watch her as she groped Shanti's thighs. "That's just great, you whore. You've been getting all the cock this morning–and all the cum. I bet it's all in your slit. I'm dying to get some of it–and get a chance at your little pussy too. I'm glad this stud is watching. What say we put on a little show for him?"

"Ooooh, I think you should eat my pussy," said Shanti. She released my cock, sliding one finger up the length and bringing her hand over to rest on Chitra's back. "Would you like that, Ratan? Do you want to see Chitra eat my pussy? Do you want to see two chicks fuck each other?"

Chitra nuzzled her way between Shanti's spread thighs, spreading them wider with her hands on the chick's sweaty knees. They had both rolled a little when they'd first gone for the cum on each other's tits, so they were on the far end of the big hide-a-way bed. I could watch them from a short distance, within an easy reach of Chitra's firm ass and Shanti's tits.

I pulled myself into a sitting position, my legs crossed and my cock up. Shanti smiled. She had her answer.

"He wants to watch us, Chitra. Let's put on a show!"

Chitra forced her mouth between Shanti's thighs, burying it in the sweetness of her cunt. Chitra pushed Shanti's legs open just a bit further so I could see as she got her pussy eaten. Chitra thrust her tongue out all the way and touched Shanti's cunt with the very tip, just barely stroking it. My cock was in my hand and I started jerking it slowly, evenly up and down as Chitra delved more fully into Shanti's cunt.

She reached up with her hands and began to massage Shanti's firm tits, pinching the nipples and squeezing them together. Chitra pressed her face between Shanti's thighs with new fervor,hiding what she was doing from me. But I knew quite well, and Shanti's whole body seemed to shudder as Chitra began to really eat and munch her.

Shanti arched her back slowly, whimpering as Chitra plunged her tongue into Shanti's crack. Chitra scooted forward, lifting her ass and bending her knees. That allowed Shanti to get hold of Chitra's buttocks and squeeze tightly, holding on for dear life as Chitra ate her wildly.

"Oh yes," moaned Shanti. "Eat my pussy ... I want you to eat it! Fuck ... eat it!"

Shanti suddenly threw her head back and shook her hair wildly from side to side. Her tits still glistened from Chitra's saliva, and I was sorely tempted to suck on her nipples. But I just sat there, intent on watching the two sluts fuck more than getting any more pussy then I'd already had. It was fascinating—the undulating of Shanti's body was making me hornier with each tongue stroke Chitra gave her pussy!

I slowly moved my fist up and down on my prick, jerking off as Chitra escalated the pace.

Shanti suddenly let out a cry and reached over the edge of the bed. Her purse was on the floor. She picked it up, her body jerking rhythmically, and dumped its contents on the floor. I hardly cared what was going on at first–too intent on seeing Chitra do her pussy-eating act. But then Shanti's hand came back holding something that made my prick burst–it was a dildo. And a big one! One of my favorite porn movies had two women fucking each other with a dildo, and this one–I realized with a thrill—had two heads. Chitra stood up, her face dripping with pussy juice. A smile spread across her glistening face as she saw what Shanti had in mind.

Chitra grinned at me, then lunged forward and thrust her mouth against mine. She shoved her tongue into my mouth, letting me taste Shanti's pussy. I slurped all the cunt-juice I could from Chitra, who then leaned over and put her lips to my cock. She started stroking the head with her tongue, then quickly pushed it into her mouth and deep-throated. Then she eased up and reached

out, taking hold of the dildo. Shanti held one end and Chitra the other as the two sexy Tamil whores got on their asses, their legs wide spread and their cunts facing each other. 

They could bend over just far enough to kiss that way, and Shanti began to lick Chitra's face sensuously. The idea of Shanti eating her own cum made me hot, and as I watched them guiding the dildo between their legs I got hotter. Shanti fitted the dildo between her swollen pussy lips,letting it settle into the notch formed by her tight hole. Chitra did the same, a little more tentatively. Shanti gasped as the thick head slid into her cunt, pausing as the shaft protruded right into Chitra's tight slit. Chitra snuggled her way a little closer to Shanti, popping the head of the plastic cock into her hole.

Shanti moaned softly as she kissed Chitra. Then the two sweethearts laid down, the cock between their cunts. They took hold of each other's hands and began to pull, each dragging her ass closer to the other, and their moans got louder as the dildo entered each pussy. A blot of arousal went through my body as I watched. It was so kinky–so slutty of them! I wanted to jerk off, but I was being damn careful to save my load for a pussy. Shanti sighed as she pulled harder on Chitra's hands. They pressed together until their legs were completely intertwined. Their two gorgeous asses were pressed together and between their spread legs I could see the dildo sticking out of Shanti's cunt and into Chitra's, or vice versa.

Shanti's legs were spread on the outside. Chitra let out a squeal of pleasure and started fucking her hips back and forth, ramming the dildo into Shanti's cunt. I could tell Chitra was gripping it tight with her pussy but just the same, each thrust slid the dildo in and out of both willing cunts. Shanti started fucking her body back and forth, too, and once they had their thrusts perfectly synchronized, a beautiful ballet of lesbianism was presented for my horny entertainment. Each chick would pull her body back, than shove it forward. Shanti and Chitra seemed to be familiar with the act. They held each other's hands tightly, pulling their bodies together. Then they slammed their asses and thighs together to ream each other simultaneously. Their moans escalated quickly, as the dildo was obviously pleasing them both.

Shanti and Chitra even seemed to be enjoying themselves more than they had earlier. Shanti was practically screaming, about to cum. She looked over at me, her eyes and mouth open wide, and flicked her tongue in an inviting gesture. I climbed over and bent over her face, straddling her so that I could guide my cock between her lips. Her arm muscles flexed as she pulled herself against Chitra, shoving the dildo between them, and I fed her my cock. Shanti let out a loud groan, low in her throat, as she shoved my cock into the softness of her mouth. She began to suck hard as her body pumped and I felt her shuddering, her tits bouncing against me as she rammed the dildo up her cunt harder. Cumming made her suck harder. Chitra groaned, too–she was getting close! Suddenly, the two juicy femmes began to pound together, picking up speed without ever losing a beat as they mashed their cunts on the long shaft of the double-dildo. Chitra let out a cry of ecstasy and Shanti's arms flexed. I groaned, on the brink of orgasm myself. Shanti's lips clamped onto my shaft.

Shanti didn't want me to cum, so she let my cock slip out of her mouth, sighing. I backed off, getting onto my knees again and running my fingers over my saliva-covered dick. Shanti and Chitra sat up, inching their crotches back a ways so they could kiss each other. Chitra thrust her tongue in deep and I knew she could taste my cock flavor on Shanti's mouth. She reached between her legs and gently tugged the dildo down. Chitra whimpered, then slid her body back, squeezing out a bit of the dildo at a time. When Chitra's cunt clamped once again around the head of the cock, so that the thick, swollen knob was gripped by her pussy lips, the dildo lodged in her cunt. She began to pull back more, her motions pulling the long, wet shaft out of Shanti's cunt. 

When the other head of the dildo was gripped between Shanti's lips, the two women paused, panting and licking each other. Then they both pulled back quickly and the dildo slipped out of Chitra's pussy, the other end still in Shanti's cunt, the gal with the tightest snatch. I held my cock in my fist, sliding my hand up and down on the shaft. Now that my near-orgasm had dwindled back into a hot throb of desire, I started jerking myself off again. I did it slower than ever, captured by the sexy scene before me. Shanti looked at the dildo in her cunt, eyeing it hungrily.Chitra leaned forward and put her fingertips on the shaft, stroking it up and down as it jiggled inside Shanti's pussy. Then she took a firm hold of the greased dildo shaft and tugged it out of Shanti's gushing hole. Shanti's nude body twitched as Chitra pulled the cock out of her cunt. She clutched at her tits as she felt her cunt empty, then slowly sat up, looking sexily at Chitra. They weren't done with the dildo. Chitra slowly lifted it to her mouth and began licking the head, slurping off cunt juice. I realized with glee that she was sucking on the side that had goneup her pussy. As sexy as it was to see Chitra eating Shanti's pussy, it was even sexier to watch her slurping on her own nectar. Then Shanti took hold of the other end and started sucking, tonguing her way from the head to the shaft and back again. Her hand traveled to Chitra's breasts and she started fondling them.

Chitra pulled the cock out of her mouth so she could kiss her way down the shaft and onto Shanti's lips. They French-kissed with Shanti's dildo head between them, smearing cunt juice on their faces. Shanti kept rubbing Chitra's tits, pinching the nipples and occasionally dipping a hand down between her legs to touch her damp cunt. Chitra moved the dildo away and slowly began to turn around. Shanti watched as Chitra got onto her knees, bending over so that her ass faced Shanti. Then Shanti knew what was next–and I did, too. Chitra tucked the dildo between her ass cheeks, fitting it into her tight asshole. Shanti slowly turned around until her tight asshole pointed toward Chitra's. Chitra pushed the thick head of the dildo between her buttocks and into her butt. She let out a moan as it entered her. Then Shanti did the same thing, forcing the dildo into her asshole. She went wild as it slid into her–her back hole fitting the dildo more easily. And as the two pressed their rears together, I could see that Shanti had gotten more of the dildo than Chitra. But Chitra didn't mind–she slumped forward, pressing her tits against the bed and gasping for air as Shanti shoved her backside up against Chitra's. None of the dildo was visible, but I could tell where it was by the way their bodies moved.

Chitra matched Shanti's motions and they fucked sensuously. Shanti groaned, "Yeah–fuck me up the ass! Uh! Uh!" Chitra's tits jiggled up and down. Suddenly Chitra halted, pushing back. Shanti slid forward onto the bed and Chitra followed her closely, their asses pressed together so that the dildo couldn't leave either of them. They managed to get onto their sides, facing away from each other. Chitra looked at me like she was dying for a fuck and I began to move forward, my cock in my hands.

Chitra shoved her ass back against Shanti's. Now that they were using their assholes, they didn't quite match each other's movements, but that only made it better. I could watch the dildo randomly pounding in and out of both asses. I put my cock between Chitra's lips. "Oh, yes!" she squealed, sucking my cock into her mouth. She plunged it down into her throat, then reached around to grab my butt so she could pull me further forward. She wrestled my whole organ into her throat until my balls and sweaty pubic hair dangled against her face. She began to give me head, sliding her lips around my prick up and down. She kept ass-fucking herself and Shanti at the same time.

Shanti and Chitra were both groaning, ramming their asses together as I jerked myself off over them. Shanti stuck her tongue out and gave my prick a little lick as I got closer. I knew any second I would shoot my load on both their gorgeous, upturned faces. Suddenly, a thick stream of jizz shot out of my prick, catching Chitra squarely in the face. She opened her mouth, catching some of the cum on her lips. I kept jerking off, turning my prick so that Shanti could get the next jolt of juice. Both were nearing orgasm, their asses pounding faster and harder as I came on their faces, spewing my semen across Shanti's neck and Chitra's cheeks.

I could tell by the way them moved their bodies, that they were both cumming. They both screamed as they came. I reached out and smeared my jism over Shanti's neck, then stroked Chitra's lips with my fingers. She sucked at my fingers as I wiped cum from her cheeks and dribbled it into her mouth. She kept lapping every droplet I gave her. Finally, they tugged the dildo out of their asses and rolled onto their sides, pulling me between them. They kissed my body and licked cum off each other. "You sure you're lesbians?" I asked as Chitra began to mouth my cock.

"Positive," she said, palming my balls.

"Hey Aunties – who is this and what a mess – it is sex all over – WoW – all fucked up – you are sluts and only sluts" there was a young lass at the door – extremely sexy – sexier than these two and looked their younger self – resembled them – she was Madhavi – they introduced me to her in a very innovative manner – rubbed my jism off their bodies ran it over my prick and made her lick my prick – she was a true slot – is a skirt and nice blouse – Madhavi was out of the World – a pure sex slut. 

What is in store for Ratan with Madhavi? Wait for the next.