 Author's Notes: This is another chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapters for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.

* * * * * 

When my husband Bill began sharing me with other men for sex, we had established some rules. Over time, we had relaxed or eliminated some of these rules, allowing me more freedom to have sex with other men. And as the weeks have gone by, I've realized that there are other areas where we have no rules, things we haven't even considered or discussed. One of these is me having a sexual encounter with another woman. Another is me having a sexual encounter with multiple men. Both of these topics came up recently.

Bill and I have always explored, or at least discussed, ways to enhance our sex life. Bill has always enjoyed looking at porn pictures and videos. And even though I was now posting porn pictures on my own picture thread, I still wasn't a big fan of watching porn videos. But things do change.

Recently we began to watch porn videos together while in bed; before or after having sex. The wide variety of porn opened my eyes about other forms of sex. Bill encouraged me to watch a few lesbian videos.

"Do you want to watch me have sex with another woman?" I asked my husband. The videos had been erotic and I found myself wondering whether I might enjoy such an encounter.

"I just put it out there as an option. You know, if you want to do that." Bill replied. "I do enjoy watching two women having sex on video. But I'm not asking you to do something you don't want to do. What I want has always been about watching you do things you want to do. And I know you love fucking other men."

"I admit that I am a bit curious about sex with a woman." I said. "However, as you say, I love fucking men and just don't see how sex with a woman could be as enjoyable. I may think about it, but for now I'll stick with the men."

"Oh, okay." Bill replied.

- - - - - 

Another time we watched some porn of one woman with multiple men. Some of these were gang-bang, one man after another fucked the woman. Other videos showed double penetration, either pussy and ass or pussy and mouth. Yet another showed triple penetration, pussy, ass, and mouth, all while the woman had a cock in each hand.

"Looks like sexual overload." I commented after the five-on-one video. "I don't know if I could handle that. And you know I don't do anal."

"What about the gang-bang?" Bill asked. "I think that could be really hot."

"You would like watching that, wouldn't you? You really would like sharing me with a group of men and watching each of them fuck me?" I asked.

"And I know you like having other men fuck you. The more intense the orgasm, the better. How many men do you think you would enjoy?" Bill pressed this topic.

"Three or four, I suppose." I replied before thinking about the possibilities. "Okay, maybe five or six." I added knowing that I love being fucked until I can't take any more. But having no experience with multiple men, I didn't know how many I could handle.

"Really?" Bill replied. I couldn't tell if he was surprised or excited by my answer, or possibly both.

"What about bukkake?" Bill asked. "What about several guys spraying their cum on you?"

Bill was getting really worked up by the erotic possibilities. In the past I've had fantasies of gang-bangs and being a cum dump for many men, but I had never talked to anyone about these thoughts. I wasn't ready to jump into all this. I needed to cool things, at least a bit.

"Whoa Honey. Let's not rush this." I responded as I put my hand on his cheek. "I can see that you want me to be your cum-slut porn star. But let's take this slowly."

I could see Bill's expression deflate as if I had taken away all his fun. I needed to give him something.

"Maybe we start with me just doing a threesome with two guys. Wouldn't that be hot? Don't you want to watch me do two men at the same time?"

Bill perked up immediately. I think he realized that he was trying to rush me into being his super porn star too quickly.

"Yeah! That would be fucking hot!" he replied.

I reached over and began stroking Bill's hard cock. He moaned.

"I just love sucking your cock." I said in a sexy, sultry voice.

"You are the best cock sucker ever, and I mean that with great respect." He replied as I continued to stroke his cock.

I sat up next to Bill, leaned over and started to lick and suck his cock. He moaned. I really enjoyed running my tongue over the head of his cock, feeling the texture, and tasting his pre-cum as it leaked out.

Bill reached over to the nightstand and picked up his cell phone. He opened the camera app and began taking photos of his cock in my mouth.

Soon I was bobbing up and down on his hard cock, fully taking his cock into my mouth and down my throat. With a free hand I began to caress his balls.

"Eve, if you continue this, you know I'm going to cum." He said while his breathing became quicker.

"Uh huh." I moaned while keeping his cock in my mouth. Out of the side of my vision I saw Bill lay his head back on the bed, but still holding his phone up as he took more photos.

"Oh, Fuck that feels good." he said.

I continued sucking his cock and either fondling his balls or stroking the base of his cock. I was really enjoying this sensual experience. And I was thinking about the possibility of having two men at once, and what we would do, what they would do with me. And while they would be taking their pleasure from me, I would be responsible for their pleasure, responsible for their orgasms, and in control, whether they knew it or not.

I could feel Bill's balls draw up in my hand. He was soon going to cum. And I wanted him to fill my mouth with his cum. I squeezed my lips around his cock as hard as I could and bobbed up and down a few more times, his cockhead sliding deep into my throat.

Bill groaned loudly as his first jet of cum when straight down my throat. I quickly swallowed to clear my throat. Then I pulled back so that the next jet of his cum was deposited into my mouth. I felt his spurts one after another. He continued to groan and I moaned. My mouth was filled with his hot, sticky cum.

His orgasm taper off. The spurts of cum stopped. I pulled my mouth off his cock, turned to face Bill's cell camera, and opened my mouth to expose all his cum covering my tongue.

"Fucking hot babe." He said as he took several more photos.

I swallowed his cum and sat there staring at Bill as he recovered from his orgasm.

"Babe, I know you must be horny. Why don't you sit on my face and let me eat you?" he said as he pulled me up to straddle his face.

Bill was an excellent pussy eater, and that night was no exception. I had two massive orgasms while riding his face, his tongue inside my pussy and his thumb on my clit.

'Damn, I love this man.' I thought as I later fell asleep in his arms.

- - - - - 

A few nights later, Jerry was in our bed fucking me while Bill took more photos. I was on my knees and elbows while Jerry took me doggie style. This was one of my favorite positions as Jerry knew how to plunge his cock into my pussy and against my G-spot. One reason I really loved fucking Jerry was that he was excellent at timing our mutual orgasm. After we both came, he laid down and I sucked clean his softening cock. I love the taste of his cum mixed with my female juices.

"Eve. That feels wonderful. I want to thank you both for allowing me these fabulous opportunities." Jerry said in appreciation.

I gently stroked his soft cock while I spoke to him.

"Jerry, the other night Bill and I were talking about other, new sexual experiences I would like to have. Don't get me wrong, I love having sex with you and look forward to having a lot more. But even you once described me as a sex addicted nymphomaniac." I paused a moment. 

"I would like to have a threesome with two men." I continued. "I want to experience double penetration, one man's cock in my pussy and another man's cock in my mouth. Would you be willing to participate?" I asked.

Jerry thought about this for a moment and responded.

"And Bill would be the other man?" Jerry asked.

"A logical thought, but no. Bill still wants to watch and take photos." I answered.

"So who would be the other man?" Jerry asked.

"I don't have anyone specific in mind yet. But I wanted to ask you first." I replied. "You know I have other lovers, Frank, Joe, Aaron, and Steve. But as they are all strong alpha males, I'm not sure any of them would agree to a threesome."

"To be honest, I'm not sure if I want to share you in a threesome with a stranger. I think it best you find two other men, new lovers, who will do this with you." Jerry responded.

"Maybe that is best. Thank you for being honest." I said. "I hope this doesn't change our current relationship."

"Not at all. I know you have sex with Bill and several others. I know you are a nymphomaniac and I have accepted that from the start. Best wishes on your threesome. Please let me see the photos."

- - - - - 

Friday night Bill and I went to our favorite club looking this time for two young male playmates, not just one. We anticipated this might be difficult, but we were fortunate to meet Brad and his brother Luke. Brad was 24 years old and Luke was 18 months younger. Both were about 6 feet tall, 175 pounds, brown hair and brown eyes. They looked like twins.

I spotted the two young men just as they walked into the club. I hadn't seen them before, so I guessed, correctly, that it was their first time to that club. I went over to them and introduced myself. They immediately bought me a drink and we began talking. They were from out of town and were out looking for a good time.

While Bill kept his distance watching us, I got to know Brad and Luke a bit better. I danced with one, then the other, and later with both when it appeared that they couldn't find another female. I would have to do for both.

"We've heard about this club and thought it would be easy to find a couple of girls, one for each of us." Said Brad.

"Not many single girls here tonight." I replied above the loud dance music. "Nights like this are much better odds for girls like me."

"It can't be hard for you to find a date here. You must have your choice of men." Luke added it.

"Not so easy for me to find two men." I said with a smile and a wink.

"You think you can handle both of us?" asked Brad.

"I would sure like to give it a try." I replied.

"You really want both of us, tonight?" asked Brad.

"I think we could have a great time." I replied. "But there is a catch."

This caught the attention of Brad and Luke. They both looked at me waiting to hear about the 'catch'. I led them away from the dance floor to a quieter area, closer to where Bill was standing and watching.

"My husband likes to watch me have sex with other men." I told the two young studs.

"Husband?" exclaimed one. 

"Likes to watch?" questioned the other.

"My husband has this fetish whereas he gets off on watching and photographing me being fucked by other men. Over the past few months, I have fucked many men but I've never done a threesome. I want sex with two men, at the same time. And Bill wants to take photos. What do you two think?"

"Photographs?" Luke asked.

"Bill stays out of the way and takes photographs. He gets really horny and later, after you two have finished your fun and have left, he and I will fuck like crazy." I replied with a big grin on my face.

"This is fucked up." Brad said as he pulled his brother aside to talk privately with him. It appeared that Luke really wanted to have sex with me and after some discussion, Brad agreed to the idea.

"Where do we do this?" Brad asked as he and his brother turned back towards me.

"We can all go back to our home, have some drinks, and have some fun." I said. "Would you like to meet Bill? He is here with me."

Without waiting for an answer, I waved at Bill for him to join us. It only took a couple of seconds for him to be with us.

"Bill, this is Brad and his brother Luke. I think they have accepted our offer to join us for drinks and some very sexy fun." I said, knowing that the brothers hadn't really accepted the offer, but I wanted to encourage them to do so.

"Hi. I'm Bill." he said as he greeted and shook hands with Brad and Luke.

"You really will let your wife fuck both of us? And you want to take pictures?" Asked Brad, still disbelieving the situation.

"I not only let her, I want her to do so. I love sharing my wife. I really get off on watching other men fuck her and pleasure her. And taking photographs is my way of participating." Bill replied.

"Let's do this." exclaimed Luke who was eager to get the party rolling. "Lead the way and we'll follow you home."

I stepped between the brothers and put my arms around an arm of each of them. I led them towards the exit from the club as Bill followed. I realized that I didn't know these young men very well so I was putting a lot of trust in them. Also, I had made the selection without any input from Bill, but he appeared to be okay with this, at least as long as things were going well.

- - - - - 

Once we got home, I had the brothers get comfortable in the living room. Bill fetched beers for all of us while I put on some music and began dancing in the middle of the room. After some small talk about our jobs and that the brothers were in town to attend a wedding the next day, their interest turned more to sex.

"I still can't believe this." said Brad.

"Let me show you some of my pictures." Bill replied as he pulled out my photo book that was buried under a pile of magazines on the table. 

The brothers sat next to each other and looked through the photo book, beginning with the tame photos at the beginning, then the "R" rated lingerie photos, the "X" rated nude photos, and eventually the "XXX" rated photos of men fucking me in different ways. All the while they drank their beers and keep an eye on me as I danced for them. 

Bill came up behind me and unzipped my dress so that I could easily let it slip off my body. This definitely caught the attention of Brad and Luke. I continued to dance for them while wearing only a black lace shelf bra, a matching black lace thong, and my 4" fuck me pumps. Bill had his camera and was already taking photos. The brothers appeared comfortable with Bill and his camera.

As they got to the end of the photo book, I went over to Brad, pulled the book from him and gave it to his younger brother, while I sat down in his lap. I could feel a hard cock through his slacks and I wiggled upon it.

"Now do you believe us?" I asked Brad.

He sat there speechless, staring at me. I gave him a big sloppy kiss, thrusting my tongue into his mouth. He wrapped one arm around me, holding me close while another hand felt my bra covered breast. It wasn't difficult for him to pull down the shelf bra to fully expose my tits.

"You like?" I asked as I held up my tit towards his face. Brad immediately locked his mouth around my nipple. I moaned as I ran my hand through his hair, holding him to my breast.

While Brad was busy sucking my nipple and licking my breast, I leaned my head back towards Luke and pulled him into a kiss. Things were definitely beginning to heat up.

Soon I felt Luke's hand on my other breast, playing with my other nipple. Then I felt one of Brad' hand sliding up and down my exposed thigh and hip, and running over the thin waistband of my thong.

"Fucking hot!" I heard Bill say in a whisper as he continued to take photos of the action from different angles.

This action continued a minute or more. Then I broke away from the brothers and stood before them. I unhooked my bra and let it slip to the floor.

"Who wants to play in the bedroom?" I asked, knowing the answer. "First rule is that no clothes are allowed in the bedroom."

I slowly pulled my thong down, turning my back to the brothers as I slipped it over my ass and down my legs. I gave them an excellent view of my ass. I kicked off my heels and walked naked towards the bedroom. Bill had preceded me into the bedroom, stripped naked, and stood in the corner facing the foot of the bed while ready with his camera.

I sat on the foot of the bed and watched as the brothers, now naked with semi-hard cocks, hastened into the bedroom. I wasn't surprised that Luke, the most eager one, entered first. They stood before me and I took a cock in each hand and began stroking them. They both stood and stared in amazement. I was a bit surprised that both these young men were completely shaved smooth around their cock and balls.

"I'm glad that both of you are shaved smooth. I really like that." I mentioned as I continued to stroke their cocks. Occasionally I leaned forward and licked one cockhead, and then the other. But I was intent on a slow build up.

"First rule?" Brad repeated back to me as a question. "Is there a second rule?"

"I'm glad you caught that." I replied. "Second rule is no fucking without protection."

I motioned at Bill who was already stepping towards the nightstand. He pulled out a handful of packaged condoms and tossed them onto the corner of the bed. Then he stood back and resumed taking photos.

"Do we get our photos in a book?" asked Luke.

"Only if you are really good." I replied in a sultry voice.

I scooted back onto the bed, laying on my back with my legs spread open towards the two young studs. I was offering myself to them, not sure what they might do.

Luke immediately dropped to his knees at the foot of the bed, bent over and planted his mouth on my smooth, freshly shaved pussy. He quickly began licking my clit and shoving his active tongue into my slit.

Brad appeared a bit more apprehensive. I motioned for him to come over to me. As he knelt on the bed beside me, I took hold of his cock and pulled it towards my mouth. He quickly realized my intentions and positioned himself next to my head to make it easier for me to lick and suck his cock.

"Do I need a condom for this?" Brad asked. I appreciated his thoughtfulness.

I looked at Bill for his guidance. He knew why I was looking at him and he shook his head 'no'. I quickly resumed licking and sucking Brad' cock while I fondled his balls. I guess Brad had his answer. I knew I could catch a disease from oral just as easily as from vaginal sex. But I prefer giving oral without the taste of a condom. It was risky, but I just wanted to do it this way.

Luke was obviously an experienced pussy eater. His oral attentions were very effective at making me very horny. I knew my lower lips were very swollen and very wet. My clit was hard and ached for more attention.

Just as I was aching for more attention in my pussy, Luke pulled back.

"Bro. You really have to try this pussy. Maybe the best pussy I've ever eaten." Luke said.

Brad didn't take any time to lean over to lick my pussy, his cock still in my mouth. As he was licking my pussy and I was sucking his cock, you could say we were in a '69', but it was an awkward, twisted '69'. He was eagerly licking my pussy, and my clit, but I was now aching to be pounded by a cock.

I pulled Brad' cock from my mouth.

"I need to be fucked!" I proclaimed sternly. 

Luke wasted no time opening a condom package and rolling the condom over his cock. He pushed Brad back from my pussy, lifted my ass off the bed, and then while upright on his knees, he slid his cock easily into my aching, wet pussy.

It felt so good having a cock fill me. Both brothers had average sized cocks, but I hoped they knew how to use them. Luke started slowly to fuck me, with long strokes to nearly pull out and then to slide balls deep back into me.

I laid my head back on the bed and moaned. "Fuck! That feels good." I said.
