 It's fair to say that Sue and I were close, possibly even closer than sisters. We'd been friends since we were 9 or 10 and 15 odd years later we were still inseparable. In fact the events of the last year had made us even closer still. 

I'd been shocked when Sue had announced she was getting married. I understand her reasons now. The fact that Keith's a really nice guy was probably the least of them! But three years ago, if you'd asked me, I'd've said that Sue was the last person who would settle down to a life of domestic bliss. Stunningly attractive with a figure to die for, Sue was the original bloke-magnet. She practically had to fight them off and very rarely did. I know she says the same about me but if we were to compare notes I'm sure she'd come out on top, even when you take account of the fact that for the last three years Keith has been the only man in her life. 

I've always liked Keith. As I said, he's a really nice guy, about four years older than Sue, tall, good looking and pretty well off, I can't see what Sue sees in him. Well that's not true, and for the last year I've experienced first hand just what he has to offer, usually as part of a threesome but there have been occasions when it's just been Keith and me. Even those occasions have had Sue's full blessing. Her work takes her away from home from time to time and Sue told me, in no uncertain terms, that she expects me to keep Keith company when she's not around. I'm certainly not complaining and nor is Keith. Sue always expects me to give her all the details of those occasions and I know Keith tells her all about them as well. 

Sue and I have always told each other everything. I remember when she was 15 being slightly shocked when she told me that she'd given her first blow-job. Shocked, envious and extremely turned on. Picturing Sue, in my mind, sucking some guy off was, for a while, my favourite fantasy, as I lay in bed, stroking my clit and savouring the newly discovered joys of orgasm. The envy lasted for a whole week until I'd done it for myself. Afterwards, I couldn't wait to tell her about it. 

Despite being almost a year younger than Sue, I was the first one of us, when I had just turned 15, to lose my virginity. I remember feeling decidedly smug when I told her. For once I'd beaten her to something. She huffed and it was almost a fortnight before she spoke to me again. That, of course, being exactly how long it took her lose her cherry too. 

Since that time we've told each other everything, giving each other a blow by blow account of every guy or girl (and yes, Sue beat me to that experience too) we've ever slept with. There were even occasions where we compared notes after one of us had slept with the other's discards. 

So it really shouldn't have come as any surprise when Sue arranged a special treat for Keith's birthday that the "treat" was me. I accepted the offer, and the rest, as they say, is history. 

In the year that's passed since then, I'll admit that I've really enjoyed my sessions with Sue and Keith. As a single girl who was getting a little tired of the "one-night" scene it was a perfect arrangement. The fact that my best friend was involved and enjoyed it as much as I did only made it better. And then, about six months ago, I met Carl. 

I'd been out at a club with Sue. We were both dressed to kill and it seemed as if every male eye was on us as we danced together on the middle of the floor. Carl was one of a group of about four or five who'd been watching us closely. He'd caught my eye earlier and with my body language I'd been flirting with him for about half an hour. Just as I was getting in the mood, Sue announce that she didn't feel too good. She got her coat and bag and I walked with her to the door where she caught a taxi. 

"Sorry about this," she said, looking pale and unsteady. 

"Are you OK?" I asked. 

"I'll be alright," she said, weakly. 

"Do you want me to come back with you?" 

"No, no. I'll be fine. Honest. You just go and enjoy yourself." 

"Sure?" I didn't really want to leave her in the state she was in. 

"No really, I'll be OK. Just have fun." Then being slightly more like herself she added, "Anyway, I saw the way you looked at that guy and you'd probably have more fun without me!" 

I laughed, kissed her good night and returned to the club. 

He was still there. Good, I thought as I made my way to the bar. I stood beside him as I waited to be served. 

"Can I get you a drink?" It was him. 

"Sure," I replied, "vodka and coke". 

He smiled and ordered. "I'm Carl," he said with a grin. 

"Lisa." I replied. 

"Dance?" he asked, handing me my drink. 

"Ok," I replied, then taking his hand I lead him to the dance floor. As we danced he held me close. My hands explored him and I was aware of a distinct bulge in the trouser department as our bodies pressed together. I was aware of his hands resting lightly on my hips. I felt a growing sense of arousal as our bodies moved together in time to the music. Feeling more and more daring I put my hands on his. Lifting them off my hips I placed them firmly and suggestively on my bum. Carl smiled down at me. I tilted my head and smiled back. Without even knowing how it happened our lips met. In an instant we were kissing passionately in the middle of the dance floor. 

There was a break in the music. I broke away from his kiss and smiled. "I think you may just have pulled," I said impishly. 

Grinning broadly Carl replied, "Shall I get my coat then?" 

I nodded. "Front door, five minutes!" He was there in considerably less. As I stuck my hand out to attract a taxi I said, "My place is only about 10 minutes away, unless you'd rather we go back to yours?" 

He shook his head. "No, no. Your place is fine. I'm right over the other side of town." He kissed me then we jumped into the taxi. 

The journey passed in a flash. I fumbled briefly for my key then opened the door. Closing the door behind him Carl glanced around. "Nice place," he said, obviously trying to find something to say. I shook my head, laughed, then replied, "You can have the guided tour later. All you need to know now is the bedroom's this way. We both laughed. I took his hand. "Come on," I urged, "I can't wait any longer." With that I led him into my bedroom. 

As soon as we were inside I grabbed him. Kissing him as he struggled to remove his coat, my hands began to tug at his clothes. I pulled his shirt over his head, revealing his well muscled torso. I pulled at his belt, undid his jeans then pushed him towards my bed. As he sat down to remove his jeans I kicked of my shoes and pulled my top off over my head. I undid my skirt, let it fall to the ground then, dressed only in a lacy black plunge bra and matching thong I walked over to him. He was still wearing his boxer shorts. I could see the outline of his cock straining against the material. Laughing, I pushed him on to his back. 

In seconds I was astride him. I leaned forward to kiss him, squashing my tits against his chest. His mouth was all over me, kissing my lips, my face, my neck and shoulders. Carl buried his face between my tits, his tongue licking all over those bits that my bra couldn't contain. I was already a slave to my desire. Reaching behind me I unhooked my bra, letting my tits fall free. I pulled Carl's head to my chest, smothering him with my tits. His tongue licked them all over. His lips fastened on each nipple in turn. I ground myself against his bulging groin as he sucked, licked and squeezed my tits. My pussy was on fire. My clit throbbed as my thong rubbed over it. 

I pulled away. Almost at once I began tugging at his boxer shorts. He raised his hips to help me remove them and I was rewarded with my first look at his cock. To say I was impressed was an understatement. Just looking at it made me even wetter than I already was. I just had to have it inside me. 

I stroked it longingly. First things first, I decided. Without any hesitation I took him into my mouth. He groaned as my mouth devoured him. My lips slid easily up and down his shaft. With Carl's cock in my mouth I slid out of my sodden thong. My pussy was on fire as I sucked his engorged tool. I needed to feel him inside me. 

I moved up until my hips straddled his. Reaching back, I held his cock in place as I positioned myself over it. I began to move my hips down. I felt my lips part. "Ooohh, mmm...," I sighed as my entrance stretched to accommodate the head of his cock. I closed my eyes, savouring the feelings as I slid down his shaft. Inch by inch I accepted him until I ground against his pubic bone, my cunt feeling deliciously full with his cock buried in side me. I began to move, riding his cock up and down with a slow easy rhythm. Lost to the sensations Carl's voice sounded a million miles away. "Fuck Lisa that feels good. You are sooo hot." I leant forward and kissed him. My tongue explored his mouth as my pussy continued its journey back and forth along his shaft. 

Every now and then my pussy would contract, gripping him even tighter, causing him to moan in ecstasy. My tits bobbed in front of him as my body moved up and down. Reaching up, he took one in each hand. He began to squeeze and occasionally he would lean forward to lick and suck them. His thumbs teased my nipples. I bit my lip to stifle a moan. I ground my clit against the base of his cock. Fire coursed through my body. Spasms ran through my pussy, up through my womb, engulfing my entire body. I thrust my tits into his face. "Suck them, suck them, suck oooh!!" I cried. My hips pounded up and down. I was no longer in control as my climax took me. 

Suddenly I was beneath him. I gasped as he plunged into my pussy with powerful thrusts of his cock. My orgasm still gripped me as he pinned me to the bed. I dug my fingers into the cheeks of Carl's arse, driving him deeper inside me. I brought my knees up. Carl grabbed them, tucking my legs up under his arms as he thrust into me. 

Spasms of pleasure still shook me as he increased his pace. "Fuck me," I heard myself cry, "Fuck me, fuck me! Oh yes! Oh God yes! Oh yes, yes, yes, oooh. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck, fuck, fuck me. Fill me with your fucking cock! FUCK MEEEE!!!" In my passion I was screaming obscenities at him, urging him on. In response his cock pounded in and out of my pussy like a piston. His balls slapped against me with every thrust. 

I came again. My pussy tightened, reflexively around Carl's cock. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. I scarcely noticed that Carl's breathing was becoming laboured. 

And still his cock stroked in and out of my cunt. It seemed like his stamina had no limit. Even Keith hadn't made me cum this hard. I was beginning to feel raw. "Cum in me," I urged, "Fuck me and fill me with your cum. Mmmm, ooohhh!" 

Carl pulled his cock back, leaving only the tip still inside me. I trembled with anticipation. With a monumental heave he speared me on his dick. Again and again he plunged into me, my pussy absorbing every thrust. "Lisa, oh Lisa," he moaned as his body shook. With one last thrust of his hips he buried his cock in my pussy and released his load deep inside me. I held on to him as he filled my cunt with his hot sperm. Finally, with an animal like groan he collapsed on to me. Still joined, we rolled on to our sides, his cum beginning to trickle out past his diminishing cock as we held each other tight. 

And that's how we met. We agreed to meet up again and when we did the sex was every bit as good as the first time. As the weeks slowly became months we saw each other more and more regularly and our relationship became increasingly serious. At the same time my sessions with Keith and Sue became fewer and fewer, although never quite coming to a complete stop. 

This wasn't through any lessening of our friendship. Sue was delighted I'd found someone I was happy with after having been single for so long. I just didn't want to ruin things between Carl and me. Try as I might however, I found that they'd become too big a part of my life for me to give them up completely. 

This left me with a dilemma. I'd become increasingly attached to Carl but yet I was still effectively cheating on him. I longed to be able to tell him about my exploits with Sue and Keith, if only to ease my guilt, but I couldn't find any way to bring the subject up without hurting him. Secretly I entertained the hope that if I told him he might be up for a similar arrangement involving him, Sue and myself. I fantasised about it frequently. I was certain that Sue would enjoy Carl as much as I enjoyed Keith. 

After we'd been together for about five months the subject did finally come up. As usual we were in bed, recovering from yet another titanic bout of love making that left both of us feeling drained. As we lay together we started questioning each other about our sexual pasts. I've always taken an almost voyeuristic pleasure in hearing people relate their sexual encounters. It started off pretty tamely. Matching each other question for question we discussed our first kisses, losing our virginity, best shag, worst shag, favourite fantasy and a host of other similar matters. Mostly it was a giggle but I admit that some of our descriptions got me quite turned on. At last I asked him about his wildest experience. After a slight pause he told me about a pair of sisters he had ended up having a series of threesomes with because he'd been unable to choose between them. His description of all the things they'd got up to was so erotic that I felt myself getting more and more aroused. I was also relieved that the events he'd just described would make my own 'confession' so much easier to tell. When at last he asked me the same question I hesitated slightly before launching into my own account. 

"Well," I began, "you know my friend Sue?" 

"Yes, well sort of any way." 

"Well," I continued, "for about a six months, before I met you, I was shagging her husband." 

"I assume she doesn't know this?" he asked. 

"Oh yes, Sue knows all about it...," 

"And you're still friends?" he interrupted incredulously. 

"Of course we are. You see it was Sue who arranged it all." 

"Shit! You two really must be very good friends." 

I smiled. "We are. You see what happened was..." 

I proceeded to tell him all about the treat Sue and I had given Keith on his birthday. I told him all about our arrangement including the fact that Sue had insisted that Keith and I 'kept each other company' when she had been away on business. The only thing I didn't mention was that three of us still, occasionally, got together. Despite my apprehension I could feel myself getting more and more turned on. 

"Hell!" Carl responded when I'd finished my description. "I knew you were hot but that's, that's..." He shrugged then continued, "All I can say is that if Sue's anything like you Keith is one lucky bastard." 

"You aren't mad at me for telling you?" I asked apprehensively. 

"How can I be?" he replied. "Just hearing about it has got me rock hard. I am just a teensy-weensy bit jealous of Keith mind you." 

We both laughed. "You should know," I continued, "Sue's always on at me to get myself a boyfriend so that she can have the compliment repaid." 

"Is she now?" he said, grinning. "We'll have to see about that, but first we'll have to see about this!" He pulled back the sheet to reveal a monumental hard on then proceeded to give me a seeing to that was more intense than any I'd experienced with him before. 

I met Sue for lunch the a couple of days later. All she could do was laugh when I told her. 

"You mean you just told him all about it?" she exclaimed in disbelief. 

"Well yes," I replied, "I didn't tell him that it's still going on but after what he'd told me it seemed like a good idea to tell him at least that much." I laughed naughtily. "And judging by his reaction I'd say it was definitely a good idea." 

"Oh," Sue said archly, "and just how did he react?" 

"Well basically, to put not too fine a point on it, he fucked me senseless." Then, with an evil grin, I added "It still hurts when I sit down." 

We both laughed. Before long we were both speculating on how this development could be turned to our advantage. I guess you could say the scene was set, it was simply a matter of waiting for the inevitable to happen. When, almost a month later, it did happen it was completely unplanned. 

It was a Friday night. Carl was on a night out for one of his colleagues who was leaving. Coincidentally, Keith was away on business so Sue and I found ourselves at a loose end. We planned to console ourselves with a night in round at mine with a few bottles of wine and some good old fashioned girlie chat. 

All in all it was a really good night, although at the time we didn't know how good it would get. At one point we did something we hadn't done since we were kids and took a bath together. We chatted as we lounged, glass in hand, in my tub. Afterwards, as I pulled on my favourite silk dressing gown and found a spare for Sue,I suggested to Sue that she might like a shoulder massage. She readily agreed. Stopping only to pour both of us another glass of wine I gathered up some scented oils and sat down on the sofa. Sue sat on the floor between my legs and opened her dressing gown, pulling it down off her shoulders. 

I rubbed my well oiled fingers into her neck. Sue leaned back, resting her head against me making soft content noises as my hands glided over her skin. “That feels good,” she murmured as I worked on one particularly knotted spot at the base of her neck. My hands worked on her shoulders and down the upper part of her arms. As I slid my hands back up her arms my right hand accidentally brushed against her breast. Sue, sighed at the fleeting contact. “That’s nice,” she whispered. 

A strange detachment seemed to come over me. I slid my hands down her arms again. This time both hands slid against her breasts as I moved my hands back up to her shoulders. Again Sue sighed. I poured some more oil on my hands. This time my fingers brushed against her nipples. Sue moaned softly but made no move to stop me. 

Maybe it was the fact that we’d already polished off two bottles of wine that made me feel daring. In all our years as friends I’d never done anything like this with Sue before. Sure we’d messed around a bit together for Keith’s benefit but that was different, he was there with us, this time we were on our own together. 

Almost of their own volition, my hands moved to cup her breasts, caressing them, squeezing them gently. “Oh Lisa, ahhh!” she sighed as I teased her nipples with the palms of my hands. Before I knew it I was on the floor beside her, our lips pressed together, our hands delicately exploring each other’s bodies. I could feel myself getting wet as Sue licked the curve of my breasts, her tongue sliding over my full, firm mounds. 

“Should we really be doing this?” I asked a little nervously. 

Do you want me to stop?” Sue asked in reply. 

“No,” I replied helplessly. 

“Mmm, me neither.” Sue smiled then continued, “We probably should have done this years ago.” Then she lowered her head and flicked her tongue over my nipples. 

I sighed. A familiar warm glow began to spread over me. Sue’s lips and tongue were so soft. I cupped her breasts as she expertly licked and sucked mine. We were so engrossed in each other that neither of us heard Carl come in. Apparently his friends had decided to leave early and he’d decided to pay me a surprise visit. Instead it was him that got the surprise when he let him self in and found us there. We were naked and Sue was below me, moaning with pleasure as I feasted on her tits. The first we knew of Carl’s presence was when I felt his hands on my hips and his cock slide easily into my soaking pussy. 
