 The location that we have chosen for our rendezvous, is a quiet bar in the lobby of the hotel, with low seductive lighting, soft background music and patrons absorbed in their own thoughts. I am seated at the bar as you walk in and find a table far enough away to not be noticed, but close enough to properly observe the impending interaction. The “stranger” is someone I found on the chat line, someone who is anxious to play his role properly and reap from it the intimate awards that await him.

He enters the bar, looks around and finds me at the bar, a sweet smile of anticipation on my lips as he approaches and greets me as he pulls me into a hug, placing a soft kiss on my cheek as he pulls away. Drinks are ordered and the seduction begins.

As we proceed with small talk, he stands very near to me, strong hands reaching out to touch me, stroking my hair, my back, my shoulders, his elbow nudging my full breast. A throaty laugh in response to his erotic comment turns my head slightly to see you sitting there, beginning to fidget ever so slightly. The smile on your face encourages me to be bolder as I reach behind him to gently squeeze his ass. This brings him closer for kisses on my forehead, cheek and jawbone, eventually moving in to capture my lips with his. The kiss is soft at first and then more intense as he pulls me closer and explores my mouth with his tongue. More drinks, more laughter, more contact soon find our arousal peaking and the discussion moves toward more intimate details. He tells me how he wishes to pleasure me, how exciting it will be for him to have you continue watching us, how erotic it will be when you join us. Very soon this adventure will relocate to a more private setting as he describes to me how he will slowly remove my clothing, placing soft kisses on the flesh that he will expose, inch by inch. Out touches are more intense now, our kissing more frequent and I sneak a quick glance at you, your arousal evident in your smoldering eyes.

Ready to proceed, you depart and head for the hotel room, let yourself in, light the candles, turn on some soft music, and make yourself comfortable in the chair across from the bed. As we enter the room, we stop in the doorway for a long passionate kiss, hands reaching and groping to touch sensitive spots, heightening the arousal for us all. We enter the room and stop at the bed and he begins his sexual onslaught, slowing unbuttoning my blouse as he kisses me. As he removes my bra, he places soft, hot kisses on my shoulders and down my arms and once exposed, he captures my nipple between his lips, tongue softly flicking my flesh until it peaks and the softly nibbles on the hardness. Throwing my head back, I moan with pleasure and turn to look at you and smile as your hand reaches down to stroke you hardening cock.

Hot lips reach out for the other nipple as his strong hand surrounds my other breast, squeezing and massaging the full flesh, causing me to squirm from the pleasure. Soon his head dips lower to nuzzle my belly as his hands draw my pants down over my ass, stopping to grip each cheek as his head seeks out my sweltering pussy, the intoxicating smell of already flowing juices pulls him closer. He gently pushes me down to the bed and I lay back as he removes the rest of my clothing, spreads my legs and begins his assault on my swollen clit. The initial contact brings a quiet scream to my throat and I grab my breasts as I turn to look at you, the desire in both of our eyes sending currents of excitement through the air. You have exposed your turgid flesh to me and my arousal increases as I watch you slowly stroke yourself as your eyes move to the head between my legs, watching with intensity as he continues to taste me. The first stirrings of my orgasm overtake me and as his tongue flicks my hard clit, your eyes meet mine as the waves of pleasure crash over me and send me tumultuously into a frenzied sensation of pure bliss.

Standing to remove his clothing, you approach me and kneel down to tenderly lap up the juices he has urged to flow and my body clenches as your tongue comes in contact with my quivering flesh. As he slides his cock into my mouth, your contact becomes more intense and your mouth surrounds my clit, hard again from the sensuous motions of your tongue. Soon I am sent dizzily into another orgasm as the hard flesh filling my mouth muffles my cries of pleasure and I suck harder and harder as the pleasure washes over me. His cock now hard, it’s time for me to be fucked and the two of you switch positions. You lean down to pull me into a deep sweet kiss, tasting the muskiness of him on me, grabbing my breast and firmly squeezing my soft flesh as your tongue seeks out every crevice, every last drop of his taste in my mouth.

As his hard cock enters me, I reach for yours and firmly stroke it as I look into your eyes and share the passion that we have so purposefully created, and then pull you closer to taste your sweet flesh. I am now full of cock and blissfully content as the thrusting motion of your body and his assaults my senses with pure ecstasy. Your hand reaches down to stroke my clit and as he slides out of my wetness, you each down to grip his member and help guide it back into me, more curious now about how his taste would blend with mine. Positioning yourself above me, your cock deeply inside my mouth, you lean down to taste the juices produced from this encounter, first lapping them from clit, the moving down slightly to flick the tip of his cock as it slides out of me. The taste of pre-cum fills my mouth as my hands reach for your ass, feeling the tightness of your muscles as you experience your first taste of his flesh. Soon we are rocking and thrusting together as your face is buried in my pussy, your tongue flicking out to taste him as he fucks me, your chin rubbing against my clit.

Your aroused state seeks fulfillment as you remove yourself from me, leaning down to share our mutual juices in a long, slow, deep kiss, grinding upon me as his cock thrusts in and out of my swollen pussy. As he removes himself from me, he lies down on the bed and I position my head above his cock, raising my soft round ass before you, awaiting the feel of your hard cock inside of me.

As you rub the tip of your cock through my dripping juices, my head descends to like them off of his cock and as you plunge deeply inside of me, your groan matches his as I engulf him inside of my mouth. A few quick slaps on my ass are preceded by you grasping my hips tightly as you pull me back against you for each thrust. Soon we are fucking intensely and his cock is sliding in and out of my mouth as he arches his back to maintain the connection that is occasionally broken by the strength of our gyrations. The sucking and fucking is creating an atmosphere of intoxication as each of you is consumed by the sex, by the mutual pleasures derived from the sharing of my body. My body quivers with each deep penetration of your rock hard cock and by the twitching of his member as it prepares to spill it’s seed deep into my throat. Soon he is writhing on the bed, twisting and arching as I bring him to completion, deep groans escaping his lips as the orgasm overcomes him and he explodes inside of me, while you continue to plunge into me, a smile escaping at his pleasure.

With my full attention on the sensations of your cock sliding in and out of me, you slow your strokes and gain some control over your impending release. He removes himself from beneath me and turns around to slide his head underneath the point where you and I are connected. Soon I feel his hot tongue on my clit and you feel the softness of his hair against your balls. As we continue to fuck, he is tasting us both, using his mouth to urge on our union, encouraging us both to that moment of full consumption. His tongue begins a determined assault on my button of ecstasy and soon his thrusts match yours as you drive deeper and deeper into me, slapping my ass with each thrust, screaming out with the pleasure of feeling my pussy begin to convulse with orgasm. The contractions inside of me pull you in deeper and tighter and soon you are catapulted to the edge of satiating orgasm that brings a scream to your throat and my name to your lips as we cascade together over the edge into bliss. As you pour yourself inside of me, he continues to assail my clit with his hard tongue and my orgasm rolls into another and the spasms drain the last bit of cum from your softening member.

As we lay back on the bed, with me in the middle, you each explore the soft curves of my body, now damp from the sweat our activities have created. Sharing with each of you, soft slow kisses, we relish in the new sensual bond that has been created, and begin to dream of the next rendezvous and the pleasures that wait.

After he has gone, you and I continue to cuddle and slowly the arousal builds again. Soon we are making slow passionate love to each other; our connection to each other strengthened by this adventure, anxious to continue to explore the shared sensuality. For this is just the beginning of a very exciting journey.