 My Story in Kirsten's Eyes

We were out after work for a couple of drinks with friends. A small group came home to continue our drinking as the pub closed. I never thought anything was going to happen this day, but it did. It was at our house, about 2:30 am. I was feeling a bit tired so I said my goodnights and off I went to my bed. 3am, still not asleep, music was too loud. David came in and asked if I was awake. "Yeah, music too fucking loud I said". He asked me if I'd take my pyjamas off he'd get rid of everyone and come to bed. Not thinking anything of it, I did. He always asks this so he can cuddle up in bed. 

I heard him getting everyone out of the house one by one, it took 15 min or so to get the pissed ones out. He was happy, not drunk after everyone was gone he came into the bedroom and closed the door, lights off of course. He sat down on the bed next to me, but didn't get in, I didn't understand.... why isn't he getting in bed. I felt him lift the covers and touch my naked body, then stoped for a moment, then reached in again to touch my stomach his hand felt a little stiff as it moved this time, then I felt his hand move up to my breast and I just sat there wondering why he wasn't getting into bed. I said get into bed to him but he just sat there. I rolled over toward him to find he had actually been putting a second person's hand onto my body. I didn't know who or anything, I just knew I had 2 bodies beside me, one caressing my now hardening nipple on my breast closest to the bed. I SHIT MYSELF.

I didn't know whether to laugh, cry, yell, or what the fuck to do. So I just stayed quiet and did nothing to embarrass myself David got up and went around the other side of the bed, leaving his mate Adam's hands caressing me, Adam was starting to get more confident with his hands and that made me feel better , but I still laid awaiting the next move. I couldn't start anything..... I don't know why. David jumped in bed behind me, and began touching my back and down to my ass, gently caressing meanwhile Adam had laid down on the bed and had begun to kiss my breast. Fuck I was in awe and thought it can't get any better than this. 2 guys hands on me looking after me. 

David was naked behind me, Adam was fully clothed. Adam moved up and began to tongue fuck my mouth so I deeply replied, David's hands were parting my legs and touching my constantly moistening pussy, this was the first time I got in on the act, I reached down to undo Adam's jeans and release his already hard cock, it had precum already ooozin on the tip. I moved his precum all around his dick and began to masturbate him, while we were kissing and David was gently massaging my pussy with his fingers. Adam moved away to take off his clothes David moved down and pressed his dick between my legs without penetrating David stopped and moved me into doggy style. Adam sat at side of bed now naked I pulled Adam a little closer and pushed him so he lay on the bed again I manoeuvred around to take his dick in my mouth. 

But I didn't,,,,, I teased around his inner thigh area for a while. David had now fully penetrated me slowly and began slow rhythm. I wanted Adam's dick in my mouth so I slowly took it as deep as I could, he had so much salty precum, I thought he had already blown. I knew he hadn‚t cause he was so hard. David started to push a little harder, and started to make me moan on Adam's dick which turned em both on, I could feel Adam's dick pulsate in my mouth as I moaned, and David pushed a little deeper and getting quicker. David started to get that quick that I could feel his balls slap my clit, and I honed in on that feeling, moaning and occasionally having to let Adam's dick out to gasp and moan. he liked it, I could feel his dick getting harder and pulsating like he was going to cum, but I tried not to think of it, I wanted to feel David's balls slap my soaking clit. 

Without any further warning Adam shot his HOT cum into my mouth, as I felt his dick blow and his hot cum in my mouth, I swallowed all I could take. I could feel the sensations start in me, I couldn‚t believe I was going to cum I kept Adam's cock in my mouth as he pushed more cum into it. I didn't want to make a mess or embarrass myself so I took it all. I started to moan louder than usual, David started pounding me deeper than usual and I came all over his hot cock, it almost felt like I was wetting my self my body was shaking from head to toe and the sensation lasted for it seemed like eternity David hadn't cum, but he was pretty close. He asked if he could turn on the light I was so fucking happy and horny I didn't give a shit. I let him, and I rolled onto my back he turned on the light to find it was Adams dick I had just sucked to orgasm.

He smiled and I returned the gesture Adam sat on side of the bed and watched my face as David got in front of me and put his throbbing dick back inside of me. Adam sat there watching my tits jiggle as I was fucked, he asked me to caress them like he did for me earlier, so I closed my eyes and held my breasts, I reached down and got some of my wetness and caressed my nipples with it, keeping the glistening and hard David was watching too, and started to moan, I know what that means... he's gunna blow he said he was going to cum on me and pulled out and jerked his cock at my pussy entrance till he started to cum. then moved up onto my stomach where I wanked all the cum I could wank out of him

David has cum big before, but this was a joke, it was huge he came for like 2 mins non stop he finally pulled away from me and sat between my legs looking at me and my cum soaked body. Once I rubbed the cum into my body, I rolled over onto my stomach exposing my ass to the boys as a kinda goodnight kiss I guess, Adam got up and got his jocks on and David moved over the back of me and whispered thanks and hope you enjoyed have 2 guys then as Adam walked out David asked him to turn out the light and he did so as he said thanks for the night and see you tomorrow we pulled the blankets up and went off to sleep still with cum all over me and David.

David asked if we could try female threesome next time, and I kindly rewarded him with a yes darling.