 ***Warning: This story contains bisexual fantasies, please refrain from reading on if you fail to find this of any interest.***

***This story is a follow on from Share and Share alike Part 1 and 2. Check them out for the lead up to this story***



I awoke, feeling fresh from a great night's sleep; we had all collapsed onto our bed after an evening of sexual liberation. I looked over and noticed that I was indeed the last to get up and the bedroom door was wide open. Looking at my watch I noticed that it was only 9am; perhaps Jenny and Josh were still around. I began to wonder if they had made a sharp exit to avoid any embarrassment this morning.

I had slept naked so found some shorts and a white T-shirt to wear and headed into the hallway towards the bathroom. The door was slightly ajar and I assumed that the room was empty; much to my surprise Jenny was stood in the centre of the room with her back to me, wearing my girlfriend's silk pink dressing gown. 

As I stepped forward, Jenny turned slightly; revealing her naked breasts and smiled at me.

"Do you mind if I use your shower?"

I grinned and carefully locked the door before moving towards her.

"Do you mind if I join you?" I replied.

Jenny met my movement and our bodies finally touched. I placed my hands onto her hips before casting the silky gown onto the floor. Jenny instantly pulled me in for a hard kiss and we stood there in the centre of the room making out with our tongues exploring over each other's mouths, hands likewise. I cupped my hands on her firm ass cheeks pulled her tighter against mine. 

As we parted Jenny began to pull my clothes off, before we slipped into our walk-in shower. I turned the water on stood behind her so that I could begin to lather and massage the soap into her back. Jenny used her hands to massage my cock, it bulged in her hands. 

Before long, the lather had run off our bodies and we were again making out, taken by the heat of the moment regardless of the fact that our other halves were downstairs in the kitchen, perhaps oblivious to our naughty shower fun.

Jenny dropped to her knees and began licking up and down my shaft before taking it into her small mouth; pushing as deep as possible whilst cupping my balls. I looked down at her blonde head, thrusting down onto my shaft as she occasionally looked up to me with her huge blue eyes. I felt my cock throb in her mouth and I pulled her head down harder. 

The feeling of Jenny's mouth and tongue around my swollen cock was intense; she squeezed my shaft and made precum ooze from the end. I felt an orgasm building as she used her mouth and hand simultaneously. I think Jenny sensed this and climbed to her feet. She turned her slim frame and began to push her firm ass against me. 

I placed a hand onto her right hip and used my other hand to pull her face around to mine, giving access to her lips. As we kissed, Jenny pushed her hips back against me, parted her legs and pulled my hard cock against her wet pussy. It took no effort for my swollen cock to penetrate her and we both gasped for air as we began to make love. 

We instantly hit a rhythm and our naked bodies began to move together as I thrust into her from behind. My hands cupped her breasts as I held her face to mine. I could feel Jenny pushing back against my hips and her pussy was pulsing on my cock as we pushed each other towards a steamy climax. Within seconds, I felt my cock pulse again as I began to shoot sperm into her pussy as Jenny placed a hand on the back of my neck as she hit climax again. 

We stood in the shower panting, I held her warm body in my arms as the water ran over us; we kissed gently and I let my cock slip from her pussy. After a quick clean up, I dried myself and finally joined Sue and Josh in the kitchen; wondering if they had heard us. 

I entered the kitchen and was greeted by Josh wearing only an apron; his firm backside clearly on show as he cooked bacon for us. Sue walked up to me, wearing her bed clothes consisting of a low cut strappy top and very short hot pants; our bodies touched and we kissed. 

"Did you and Jenny have a nice shower?" She asked with a smile. "Don't worry; I've been enjoying Josh's naked cooking for a while, his ass looks great in that apron."

"The shower was good, nice and steamy." I replied

Sue kissed me again and pushed her tongue into my mouth. Her lips and tongue were salty.

"We heard you two... but don't worry. Josh and I got quite steamy listening in." Sue laughed.

I smiled and kissed Sue again as Jenny entered the kitchen. I watched as the two girls said good morning to each other with a sexy kiss.

We all sat down for breakfast and chatted like normal, I was amazed that the events had not affected our friendship. Josh even admitted that he had enjoyed the freedom and felt a bond of trust between everyone. I had enjoyed watching my girl with Josh and as we cleared away the dishes, I made a real effort to flirt outrageously with Jenny as we finished up. Josh and Sue disappeared into the living room.

"Did you enjoy fucking me Joe?" Jenny asked.

I slapped her bum gently. 

"Not as much as I enjoyed sucking Josh's cock" I replied.

"I bet those two are getting cosy in the front room by now. Shall we join them?"

I smiled and followed Jenny into the living room; we weren't disappointed to find Josh naked and sat on the sofa with Sue straddling him. His hands were cupping her bare breasts as they kissed passionately. 

Jenny stood next to the sofa and began to run her hands up and down Sue's back, before leaning in to join a three way kiss. I knelt down at Josh's feet and pulled at Sue's hot pants that slipped off with ease. I looked up at the three of them taking turns to kiss with tongues before taking Josh's hard cock in my hand and pushing it against Sue's naked pussy. The swollen purple end slipped into her before I pulled him back out and began to suck on his end.

I soon found myself moving my lips up and down his cock as he oozed precum into my willing mouth, as my hand ran up and down his length. I looked up and realised that Sue and Jenny had moved into a hot embrace on the other end of the sofa. Sue was underneath with her legs spread wide as Jenny used her hand to massage my girlfriend's clit and finger her pussy. 

I looked up to Josh and his head was tilted back as he enjoyed the deep wet blowjob. I kissed his swollen cock before edging my way up his body, straddling him and kissing my way up his neck. Our eyes finally met and we let the lust take over as our lips and tongues pushed together and we began to make out.

I pushed my hips down and our cocks pressed together, before I felt Josh grasp both shafts in his hand as he rubbed them together. I looked to my right and saw that Sue had pushed Jenny onto her back and was now receiving oral sex as she squatted over her. Jenny was sprawled on her back with her naked pussy facing me; I instantly bounced off Josh and pushed my hard cock into her pussy. 

I thrust my hips into Jenny and looked back at Josh as I fucked his girlfriend again. Josh walked over to his back pack and continued to watch me with lustful eyes. I turned my attention back to Jenny, who still had her face buried in my girlfriend's pussy, when suddenly I felt Josh kneel on the sofa behind me. 

His hands grasped my hips and I felt him push his cock against me. I looked back over my shoulder and saw Josh's cock now covered in a condom as he covered it in KY Jelly. 

I lifted a hand and placed it on the back of Josh's neck as he finally pushed his hard cock into my ass. I let out a huge sigh as his swollen end slipped into me; with little resistance he was soon able to thrust into me much more forcefully. 

As he thrust into me, my hips slammed down into Jenny and I could feel her enjoying our new method for fucking. Sue had already hit climax on Jenny's tongue and she was now stood by my side as I took Josh's full length into my ass. I turned to her and we kissed between my moans and heavy breathing. 

Sue grasped the base of my cock and pushed me back, I slipped out of Jenny and looked down as Sue's hand forcefully fucked my cock as I spurted cum all over Jenny's naked body. Josh had now mounted me and was pummeling my ass, I could feel his cock pulse and he pulled my head back as he hit climax. 

Sue grasped his cock out of my ass and pulled the condom off his length before letting his hot cum shoot over her face and into her mouth. I collapsed onto Jenny and we lay together gasping for air looking back at our other halves sharing a passionate kiss.