 You lay on Josh, recovering from the orgasm he had given you; his shaft was still erect inside you. I had hit climax as you worked your hand on my cock as Josh thrust into you, covering you in my hot sperm as he did the same inside you. 

Jenny was sat next to you, stroking your erect nipples and staring up as you and Josh slowly made out. I dropped onto the sofa next to Jenny and pulled her into an equally slow loving kiss as we recovered from the excitement of our drunken antics. 

Suddenly you and Josh stood up and left the room to clean up in our bathroom; I continued to kiss Jenny, stroking her breasts and hair as we enjoyed the moment. Finally, I led her upstairs towards our bedroom; we stopped in the bathroom doorway and noticed that Josh had pinned you against the wall as you shared a hot, passionate kiss.

I stood behind Jenny, stroking between her legs as we watched you make out; Josh's cock was hard again and achingly close to entering you again as he gently thrust his hips against you. I'd seen enough and knew it wouldn't be long until you joined me and Jenny in the bedroom; I was keen to give you a similar show as you entered. 

I pulled Jenny into the bedroom and pushed her naked body onto the bed before lowering myself gently on top. We kissed and our hands began to explore, I placed my hand between her legs and gently opened her lips, running my thumb over her clit and slipping a finger into her pussy. Jenny ran her hand from my balls up to my shaft and back down as we kissed with open mouths. 

I soon realised you and Josh had joined us and he had pinned you to the bed in a similar way. I looked over and his hand was working over your clit and into your pussy as you played with his shaft and kissed him passionately. I decided to move Jenny closer to you so that we could watch you make out together as we stimulated your clits. 

You instantly moved your lips to Jenny's and the pair of you pulled away together, entwining legs and making out with tongues. Josh and I looked on, watching and waiting for the next move; an urge that I had never felt before.

I moved closer to Josh and grasped his hard cock in my left hand and ran my right hand up his muscular back. I waited for his reaction and was pleasantly surprised when he turned his head to meet my lips that were now aching to touch his.

We suddenly began to make out in frenzy, our tongues flicking together as we pressed our manly bodies together, his cock pulsed in my hand and I started to run my hand up and down his length faster as my right hand dropped onto his ass.

As we parted, we realised you and Jenny were smiling up at us waiting for more. I grasped the moment and worked my way down his body, kissing his chest and toned stomach before holding his hard cock just inches from my face. I stared at it, watching the precum ooze from his tip before gently licking over it, tasting his salty cock. 

I instantly felt the moment of relaxation hit me and began to push his shaft deeper into my mouth, stroking his balls with one hand and clenching his shaft in the other. He oozed more precum into my mouth and I returned the favour by covering him with saliva. 

I suddenly felt your body next to mine as you crawled into join me; I pulled Josh's cock out of my mouth and kissed you hard, sharing the salty saliva that had been on his swollen shaft. After making out, I pushed him into your mouth and stood up on the bed. My cock bounced in front of Josh's face and Jenny had now joined him, knelt side by side as they made out. 

They both turned to face me and simultaneously began to lick up and down the shaft, looking into each other's eyes before Josh returned the favour and took my cock in his mouth. I pulled Jenny to her feet and held her slender body as we looked down to watch you sucking Josh's cock as he did the same to me. I held Jenny tight as we began to kiss again, my hand slipping over her pussy, rubbing her clit and reaching back between her tight ass cheeks. 

Jenny then dropped to her knees and pulled Josh into a deep kiss leaving me to drag you onto the bed and taste his cock on your tongue. I sucked and licked your tongue as we made out again; tasting his salty precum. You lay on top of me, holding my cock against your pussy before you pushed down onto me, letting my wet cock slip into your hot pussy as we began to fuck on the edge of the bed.

Jenny soon appeared next to me and I looked up and saw that Josh had placed Jenny onto all fours and was thrusting into her from behind; her ample breasts bounced as he slapped his hips against her ass. I couldn't take my eyes off them as they fucked on our bed; they were a beautiful couple and I wanted to make the most of having them in my bedroom. I knew that you were thinking the same as you had pushed your body onto your knees and had your eyes firmly on Josh. 

I let you slide off me and watched as you moved behind Josh and began kissing his neck and up to his lips before reaching down and pulling his cock out of Jenny's pussy before lowering your head to behind her. I watched as you began to lick her from behind making sure to cover her clit all the way to her ass and back again as you stroked Josh's cock. 

I pulled Jenny on all fours as Josh did the same to you and we pushed you together so that we were all facing each other. I pushed my cock into Jenny's pussy and watched as Josh entered you again and we all began to fuck each other whilst kissing and using our hands to stimulate. I kissed Josh again and told him to stand up and cum over me and Jenny. I was going to do the same to you and him.

Suddenly after a few minutes of him thrusting into your pussy, I saw you collapse into Jenny as you hit climax; Josh got to his feet and began to pump his hand over his swollen purple cock before he shot spunk all over me and Jenny as we continued to fuck. I kissed Jenny as we shared Josh's spunk and watched as you used a hand to rub her clit. Her pussy tightened on me as she finally climaxed, I thrust into her and pushed myself close to orgasm before standing up and shooting cum all over you and Josh as you kissed tenderly. 

We all collapse on to the bed, all breathing heavily and before long; each of us are sound asleep sharing our big bed.