 "Dinner was a delicious Tony, thank you," Becky said with a pronounced English accent. He soft brown eyes sparkled in the candlelight.

"Yes, thank you, Tony. You've been very kind," her friend Jasmine added. Jasmine was from India originally. Her dark hair, eyes and skin were quite a contrast to Becky's reddish brown hair and pale skin. If possible, Jasmine's accent sounded even more English then Becky's.

"No, thank you. You saved me from another lonely dinner. I've been on the road for most of the last month. You two are heaven sent," I replied honestly.

"Why, of course. What man wouldn't want to have dinner with two foreign stewardesses," Becky quipped.

"You forgot the word beautiful," I added. Both women laughed.

"Why Tony, are you hitting on us?" Jasmine asked with a smirk.

"Hey, I'm just telling the truth. Not that I wouldn't try if I thought I had a chance, but we all know better. I'll just have to be satisfied with bragging to my friends."

"What are you going to tell them?" Becky asked.

"Oh, that somehow I hooked up with two beautiful stewardesses with sexy English accents," I replied. Becky raised her eyebrows.

"Is that all?"

"Well, you don't expect me to tell them that nothing happened because you were lovers." I replied. The two women looked at each other and laughed again. I joined in.

I met them on a plane of course. I accidentally overheard their conversation while in the bathroom. They were making whispered promises of what they were going to do to each other when they got back to their room. I cleared my throat loudly. I figured that they must not have known I was there. They quickly fell silent.

Becky turned bright red when I exited. Jasmine's dark skin hid her embarrassment better, but her refusal to look me in the eyes was a clear enough indication.

"Sir..." Becky began. I stopped her.

"Hey, to each their own," I said with a shrug. Becky smiled in return. Jasmine sighed aloud.

"Um, please don't mention..." she began, but I raised my hand and interrupted her as well. I looked to make sure no one could overhear me.

"Look, it's depressing enough to me as a representative of the male gender that we lost you two. Do you think I want to spread the depression around?" They froze for a moment and then burst into giggles. Another passenger made his way to the bathroom and we were forced to fall silent. Becky mouthed the words 'Thank You' as I went back to my seat.

It was a long flight and when they weren't doing something specific one or the other would come by my seat and chat. They made sure I always had a fresh drink. It got so bad that I had to switch to club soda after a while.

Of course, all of the drinking forced me to go back to the bathroom an hour later. Jasmine was getting coffee ready to server as I entered the alcove. She was a slim girl who stood about 5'4. She and Becky were both athletically built. However, Becky was a couple of inches taller.

"Is everything satisfactory?" Jasmine asked with a smile.

"Satisfactory? Hell, you two are giving me so much attention that half the men on the plane are jealous."

"Well, we don't often get a chance to flirt with a guy without having to deal with him hitting on us. It's sort of fun," Becky said in a low voice as she walked in.

"Yeah, did you see the Leech? He looks really pissed," Jasmine added.

"The Leech?" I prompted.

"Yeah, he's sitting one row back and across the isle from you," Jasmine replied.

"You mean the big loud guy with the ugly gray suit?" I asked. Becky snorted.

"Yes, that's him. He takes this flight at least once every two weeks. He continually hits on us no matter what we say."

"It's worse if he catches us alone back here like we are now. He gets outright rude," Jasmine added.

"He sounds like a real winner," I said as I slowly shook my head.

"We could have some fun with him, Becky," Jasmine said with grin. Becky returned the smile and then looked at me.

"You don't mind if we flirt a little more obviously. It will drive the Leech crazy?"

"Let me get this straight. You want to flirt outlandishly with me just to torture another member of the male species. Not only that, but I'll have no hope of you fulfilling any of the things you promise?" I asked.

"Well..." Jasmine began, but Becky interrupted her.

"Yes," she grinned. Becky obviously understood my sense of humor better than Jasmine.

"I like it! By the time you're done I'll have every man on the plane jealous of me," I laughed.

"What about your loyalty to the male species?" Jasmine asked.

"Hey, I've already agreed not to depress them with the knowledge of your relationship. I've done my part today," I replied. Both women laughed. The coffee cart was fully loaded and they took it out to the passengers. I went to the bathroom and then back to my seat.

I don't know who enjoyed themselves more for the next hour and a half. Becky and Jasmine were all but fighting over me. The Leech turned a little redder each time they walked by me and said something. I was having the toughest time not laughing outright by the time the plane landed.

They came by one more time just before the plane began to off-load. The Leech's eyes were locked on them.

"So Tony, which one of us do you want to see later," Becky asked.

"Yeah, Tony, you have to choose," Jasmine added. I saw the Leech lick his lips.

"Oh, I don't know. Why don't I take you both out for dinner and we'll see what happens?" I said. The two girls looked at each other and shrugged.

"Okay," they said in unison. The Leeches mouth literally fell open. I had to hide my laughter in a fit of coughing.

"We'll meet at seven at the seasons," Becky said to cover my laughter. I notice Jasmine was having her own problems hiding her mirth.

"See you then," I managed to reply as they moved on. I gathered my carry-on luggage as quickly as I could and exited the plane. The Leech wasn't far behind me. He gave me one look, grimaced and then stalked off. I waited to say goodbye to the ladies. It was only a few more minutes.

Jasmine was smiling and Becky laughing as they came out. Jasmine and I looked at each other and quickly joined Becky. It took all three of us quite some time to quiet down.

"I waited for you two so that I could say goodbye and thank you. This is the most fun I've had in a while. I've been on the road and this was just what I needed to release some of the stress," I said.

"Typical man. He promises you dinner and then reneges when he realizes he's not going to get any because of it," Becky said with a snort.

"Hey, now wait a minute! I would love your company for dinner. I just thought we were putting on a show for your friend."

"Oh, come on! Tell the truth, you don't like our kind of people," Jasmine said.

"What the hell is your kind of people? And don't you dare say what I think your going to say!" I snapped. Becky seemed perfectly comfortable with me, but not Jasmine.

"I was just joking," she quickly added when she saw my reaction. I realized I overreacted.

"Hey, the only reason I thought you didn't have time for dinner was because of what I overheard you two promising each other back on the plane," I teased, trying to lighten the mood again. Jasmine looked embarrassed. Becky laughed.

"Actually, we could have controlled our hormones a little longer, after all we're not men."

"Touché," I laughed, and then added, "Well then, it's settled. We'll follow the original plan. I'm tired of eating by myself." Becky and Jasmines exchanged looks as if they were surprised I was serious. I thought they were going to take me up on my offer, but when Becky turned back to me I saw true regret in her expression.

"I'm sorry, Tony. That's not possible. We already have plans for tonight. My younger sister and her boyfriend are due in from England. I haven't seen her in months." She sounded truly sorry, but I also heard the excitement in her voice. She obviously missed her sister.

"Hey, no big deal. I hope you have a good time," I replied and then looked at my watch. "I have to go. I parked my car in long-term parking and I want to catch the shuttle. Will you two at least take my card? I would love to see you again if either or both of you are back this way."

"Sure," Becky said with a smile. I gave each a card, a hug and a friendly peck on the check before I left them to find my luggage. I was on the shuttle when my cell phone rang.

"I'm glad you answered your cell." Becky's voice came clearly over the phone. I smiled to myself.

"Long time no see." She laughed briefly.

"My sister missed her flight and won't be coming in until tomorrow. If the offer for dinner still stands, we'd like to take you up on it."

"Of course the offer still stands. Do you want to meet at Seasons?"

"Sure, but it will have to be late. We have to go to our hotel, shower and get changed and it's all the way on the other side of town."

"Hey, any time is okay with me. I live only fifteen minutes from the Seasons."

"Okay, how about nine?" she asked.

"Sounds good. Of course, if you'd like you could come to my town house and get ready," I said without thinking. There was a pregnant pause on the other side of the line. I heard Becky talking to Jasmine.

"Hey, I only meant..." I began, but Becky interrupted.

"Yes, we know what you meant and it sounds great, but only if you really don't mind."

"Of course not. Where are you guys? I'm almost at my car." I picked them up and we were on our way fifteen minutes later. We joked the whole way to my townhouse. I opened the door when we got there and showed them around.

"The bedroom on the right is mine. You two can get changed in the one on the left. I'll get us a glass of wine," I said.

"Nice place, Tony. What is it exactly you do for a living?" Becky asked.

"Oh, something boring," I said. I actually enjoyed my job, but it was hard to explain and I found that most people were typically bored by its description.

"It must pay well," Becky said with a snort.

"Becky!" Jasmine snapped.

"Its okay, Jasmine. Becky, let's just say I can pay my bills and still have a little left over," I laughed. Over the next hour, we drank two bottles of wine, showered and readied ourselves to go out.

"You know, you two are welcome to spend the night here. I do have the extra room and this way you don't have to check into a hotel tonight," I offered.

"We couldn't impose..." Jasmine began, but Becky interrupted.

"Yes, we could," she said. Jasmine looked surprised but accepted Becky words.

"Great! I know a good local place for breakfast," I said with a smile . "Oh, no! I'll make breakfast for us in the morning," Jasmine offered. I could tell that she was finally starting to be comfortable with me.

"You don't have to do that."

"I know, but I want to. Think of it as payment for the letting us stay over," Jasmine said.

'But..." I began, but this time Becky interrupted.

"Tony, there are two reason why you should accept Jasmine's offers. First, Jasmine's already made up her mind and she can be a stubborn as a mule, and second, she makes the best omelets I've ever tasted." I looked from one to the other and finally shrugged.

"Well, I do love omelets."

And that's how I found myself in a restaurant with two beautiful foreign stewardesses.

"Still planning what you're going to tell your friends," Becky asked, bring me back from my thoughts.

"No, just reliving how I ended up here with you two," I laughed. The rest of the dinner was as enjoyable and went by quickly.

I convinced them to go dancing afterward. We got back to my place well after midnight. Becky and Jasmine changed in their room and took turns using the bathroom. I wasn't far behind them. I put on the TV as I went to brush my teeth. When I was done, I saw that they were sitting next to each other on the couch. They were in comfortable clothes and Jasmine was leaning against Becky. They were kissing.

"Um, I just wanted to say goodnight. You know where the shower is, feel free to use whatever you want," I said, a little embarrassed.

"Goodnight Tony," Jasmine said as she stood and gave me a hug. She was only wearing a thin nightshirt without a bra. She was a B or C cup.

"See you in the morning," Becky added as she too gave me a hug. She was dressed similarly to Jasmine only her chest wasn't as big. However, when she hugged me I could feel the hardness of her nipples against my chest.

"Goodnight," I said as I made my way into the bedroom. I wondered if they would mind if I went back into the bathroom for a quick cold shower. I grinned to myself as I climbed into bed.

I laid in bed for no more than five minutes before I heard moaning. One of the two of them did not have quiet orgasms. Sleep was now the furthest thing from my mind now. 

Over a half hour later I found myself contemplating how I was ever going to get any rest. The shower turned on about ten minutes earlier and I could only hear them enjoying themselves occasionally now. It was just enough to stop me from falling asleep. Okay, that's not the complete truth. They already had me so wound up that I doubted I would be able to fall asleep even if they fell absolutely silent. 

I tried to count sheep. Of course, the sheep quickly turned into images of Becky and Jasmine in my imagination. I groaned and rubbed my eyes, almost missing the sound of my door opening. I looked up and was surprised to see Jasmine entering my room in only a towel.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing," she said as she made her way to my bed. She sat on the edge and slowly reached for the bulge my cock was creating in the sheets. She caressed my cock through the sheets.

"Um, I thought you both were lesbians," I said in confusion. Jasmine smiled.

"Well, actually, Becky is a lesbian. I was strictly hetero until I met her," she replied. I was so shocked my jaw actually fell. Jasmine smiled as she continued to play with my cock. 

"But if you're a couple why are you here?" I couldn't help but ask.

"Becky and I would like to try something we've never done before. We both like you and we would like you to join us if you can agree to one stipulation."

"What's that?" I asked. Jasmine slipped her hand under the blanket. She caressed my balls once before returning to my cock.

"You're not allowed to touch Becky," she replied.

"And you?"

"Well, let's see what happened," she replied as she grasped my tool harder. 

"No problem," I replied as I stood up. Jasmine took my hand and led me to their bedroom. We walked in on Becky toweling herself dry. Jasmine smiled, dropped her towel and climbed into the bed. Becky joined her without a word and fell onto her pussy. I stripped and watched Becky's tongue dance over Jasmine's clit.

"Tony, I haven't sucked a cock in a long time," Jasmine hinted between moans. I walked over and Jasmine took the head of my dick into her mouth. She locked eyes with Becky and deep throated the whole thing.

"Holy shit! I can't see how your taking that dick down your throat," Becky said in surprised.

"I can teach you if you like," Jasmine replied. Becky snorted. Jasmine spent the next few minutes driving me nuts by alternately deep throating my cock and licking my balls.

"Jasmine, if you keep that up I'm going to cum!" I gasped.

"Oh yeah! Please do! I haven't tasted man cum in a long time," Jasmine cried. Unable to resist, I came. She let the first few spurts of my cum spray her face and chest. After that, she latched down on my cock and sucked the rest into her mouth. Somewhere in the middle of my orgasm Becky's tongue brought Jasmine to her own climax.

I lay back and rested while I watched Jasmine and Becky switched position. Jasmine fell on her lover's clit with the same abandon that Becky had fallen on hers earlier. Jasmine was on all fours.

Becky had little tits, but her nipples were at least an inch long. Jasmine pinched one every so often causing Becky to moan. I wanted very badly to nibble on one, but a promise was a promise. I stood watching them for a moment. 

I suddenly realized that Jasmine must have convinced Becky to allow me to join them. She was bisexual and obviously hadn't been with a man in a long time. In a way it was the ultimate sacrifice. Becky was allowing me to enjoy and pleasure her lover knowing full well that it might change things forever. I doubted she had anything to really worry about, but she must really love Jasmine to take that chance. 

Jasmine looked back at me briefly and wiggled her ass. I smiled at her and forced myself to stop thinking and enjoy the moment. It wasn't all that difficult with her well-muscled ass only a few feet away. 

I lay a trail of kisses, licks and nibbles over her dark skin as I traveled up her legs and to her pussy. She sighed when my tongue touched her clit, but she moaned when I let it drift to her asshole.

"Oh yeah Tony, that feels so good!" Jasmine said.

"What's he doing?" Becky asked in curiosity. She couldn't see where my mouth was from her position.

"This!" Jasmine replied. I couldn't see what she was doing, but Becky's cry of lust was clear enough. We stayed like that until Jasmine came. I stood up and moved so that I could see what Jasmine's tongue was doing to Becky. She was licking around the edge of Becky's ass. I felt a twitch of life in my cock when she pushed her tongue in as far as it would go. Becky gasped.

"He must have a very talented tongue if he was able to do to you what you're doing to me!" Becky moaned.

"How would you like to feel what my tongue can do?" I asked. Becky locked eyes with me as I held my breath. I wanted very much to taste her, but I knew the odds were remote at best. She broke eye contact with me and looked at Jasmine.

"Hey, a tongue is a tongue, but I bet two tongue will drive you crazy," Jasmine pointed out with a grin. Becky spread her legs wider and lay her head back on the pillow. I took that as a yes. Jasmine went back to licking Becky's ass while I used my tongue on her clit. She exploded in orgasm.

I let my tongue travel lower to taste her cum. Jasmine was already there. Our tongues touched and for a few moments we fell into a deep passionate kiss. Then we broke, and laughing, began to fight over Becky's cum. Our tongues danced all over Becky's pussy and ass for a while before we both concentrated on her clit.

"Oh my God!" Becky cried as she rolled into a series of orgasms. She reached down and held both our heads against her crotch. I saw Jasmine reach up, grab one of Becky's nipples, and squeeze it. Unable to resist I did the same to the other. Becky released my head and put her hand over mine.

"Squeeze harder!" she cried. Happy to oblige I squeezed and twisted her long nipple. She gasped, but didn't stop me. When she was done cumming Jasmine moved next to her on all fours.

"Tony, fuck me now!" she demanded. I got behind her and placed the head of my cock in her pussy. She pushed back and engulfed three quarters of my meat before stopping with a gasp. I slowly pushed in and out to get her pussy used to my size, but she was having none of it.

"Tony, I want to be fucked! The harder the better!" Jasmine growled. I shrugged and started slamming into her. She came twice in quick succession as my balls slapped her clit. 

Becky joined us. She knelt next to Jasmine and placed her index finger at her lover's asshole. As I continued to fuck Jasmine, Becky pushed first one, then two fingers up her ass. Jasmine came once again, but demanded that we not stop.

Becky surprised me by pulling me into a kiss a few minutes later. Her tongue darted into my mouth as I fucked her lover with everything I had.

"I don't like men in general, but in your case I'll make an exception," she said with a smile when she finally let me up for air. She then took my cock from her lover's pussy, licked the juices off of it and placed it at Jasmine's asshole. Jasmine moaned as I slowly pushed my meat up her ass.
