 She knelt by the bedside, ears straining to hear a sound to tell her if he was coming. He had instructed her to her wear her green satin teddy, no robe, no stockings, and to slip the blindfold on and kneel by the bed at 4:40.

She shivered and wished she dared to lift the blindfold to check the time; it seemed hours had gone by while she waited. She bit her lip, forcing her hands down to her thighs. She pressed the backs of them down near her knees, palms peeking upwards, her fingers curling a bit.

Her straining ears picked up the sound of the door opening quietly downstairs. She whimpered silently, feeling her cunt rush with wetness as it did every time he was near her. She wiggled a bit, arching her back, feeling her distended nipples brushing against the satin of her teddy. She bit her lip shifting her legs as well, knees opening wide as she thought about how much she needed him.

So lost in her thoughts, she did not even hear him coming up the stairs, starting when his hand stroked though her dark curls.

"Hello my girl..." his whiskey-velvet voice floated over her and she tilted her hear up eagerly, lips parting in anticipation.

His lips crushed down on her, tongue forcing her to open wide as he claimed her mouth. He continued until she was rising up on her knees, leaning into his kiss.

She gave a murmur of protest as he ended the kiss, his hand cupping the back of her head.

"I have a friend for you to meet, angel...say hello like a good girl," he whispered darkly and she shivered. How had she not even realized there was another there with him.

With a smile, she settled herself back on her knees, hands reaching out in front of her. Fingers brushed the short prickly hair of a mans outer thighs and she licked her lips, feeling her wetness drenching her inner thighs. She leaned forward, finding a hard cock right in front of her. With a moan, she drew up level and eagerly swallowed his cock on the first stroke, then bobbing her head up and down. The man moaned, bit did not cradle her face and she whimpered lowly in protest, she loved nothing more than to be face fucked yet it seemed he was not going to help her. She rose a bit higher on her knees, arms wrapping around his hips as she suckled hard on him, tasting the sweet saltiness of his pre-cum, silently begging him to shoot his load down her throat.

She felt him start to move slightly, barely rocking his hips back and forth, his engorged cock racing in and out between her lips, and she eagerly pressed closer, gagging as his cock went down her throat. It was then that his hands gripped the sides of her head and he started to throat fuck her, making her whimper and wiggle wildly as she sucked him feverishly. She thought he would cum, but then that whiskey honey voice broke through the sound of her drooling mouth upon his friends cock.

"Use her however you like. Tell her if you want to fuck her," he spoke the words quietly, and she went wild, suckling the rock hard cock in her mouth with even more force.

"Get up. I want to fuck you." 

She released his cock at once, rising to her feet and shivering with need, knowing they could both see her copious juices dripping along her inner thighs. She stood hesitantly, waiting to hear how he wanted her, chest heaving, her full breasts quivering. 

"Tell her how you want her; she won't move until you do," his voice washed over her again and she felt her thighs tremble...she wished it was him that was going to fuck her, not his friend, but she knew if she was good, he would reward her with his cock. That was what she wanted, needed....craved...to feel him within her, possessing her, owning her.

"On your knees at the edge of the bed," was whispered softly to her and she scrambled to the edge and up on her knees, shoulders pressed low to the mattress, jacking her ass and cunt up high for his use. She whimpered when she realized she was quietly begging him to fuck her cunt, her ass, whatever he would like...she just needed him. Her hips were rocking and before she could move, he was on top of her, his hard cock plowing into her pussy, making her scream in pleasure.

"Oh yes...yes...fuck me...please...please," she was whimpering and whining, churning her hips into him.

"Get that pussy," her man spoke urgently, and she could feel him watching her, his eye hot on her cunt swallowing his friend's rock hard cock. "Come in her wherever you chose, she loves it all...don't you?"

"Yes. Yes..." she gasped. Slamming her hips back, shoving the cock even deeper into her spasming channel. "Please may I? "She whimpered brokenly, her thighs shaking wildly from holding back.

"Do it, cum now," were the words she needed to hear and she threw back her head, screaming as she went wild, her sopping wet cunt erupting into spasms. Her cunt contracted so hard she actually pushed the man's cock right from her pussy, making him groan and ram back in as hard as possible. He groaned and unloaded his cum deep inside her his hands gripping her hips like a vice. She moaned with elation as she felt the warm flood, then whimpered as he pulled from her, cum still dripping from his cock.

"Let me in there," her man spoke urgently, easing in between them, his hard cock already slipping into her dripping pussy. He fucked her teasingly for a moment, then really slamming into her, his balls slapping on her hard clit. The contact made her cum over and over again as he slapped her ass.

"Good Girl, you took all his hot cum. He gave you such a big load, ready for more?"

"God yes yes please" she begged softly, arching her back even more, her vision behind the blindfold going gray as he came inside her pussy as well. She spiraled into another hard and intense orgasm that never seemed to end.

When she realized what was going on once again, he was scooping cum from her cunt and rubbing it all over her asshole before sliding a finger, then two into her tight hole. "MMM, now after you catch your breath, this is next, understood?"

"Yes Sir," was all she could whisper, a smile parting her lips, hardly able to wait for the next round.