 I kept logging on just so I could read her latest email. I should have printed it out. Silly, really. It was from Lucy. She was abroad now, but we still kept in touch. She tells me all about her boyfriend troubles, and I try and help her out with some brotherly advice. Oh! Those intimate accounts leave me erect for days....

And now, here was an email saying she would be in London tomorrow, with Joe her latest.... could I get away to meet them? She said, lets meet in that little corner of Hyde Park where we've met before.....? With her new mobile number in case anything went wrong. But as chance would have it, it was a miserable wet evening, so we ended up meeting in a little Chinese restaurant downtown. 

The minute I saw Lucy again after all this time my heart nearly stopped. She was wearing a little black dress just like the one she had worn first time we met. She hadn't changed either, except perhaps her laugh, which had got deeper and dirtier than I remembered. Joe was a nice friendly guy, with a good sense of humour and a twinkle in his eye. He seemed to find the nervous proximity of Lucy and me quite entertaining. As the wine flowed and we started to relax, Joe started to ask me probing questions as to how much I knew about him and Lucy. 

At first I was confused, why was he asking me these things? Finally, I understood. By chance he had read a few of Lucy's detailed emails to me, and he knew that I had intimate knowledge of what they got up to when they met.

"Quite a turn on, I should think, weren't they?" he asked, a wicked glimmer in his eye. I looked at Lucy, and Lucy looked at me, and gave an embarrassed smile.

After the meal, Joe said he fancied a drink somewhere. But once we were outside the restaurant we realised that we were in the middle of a rainstorm. The rain was ricocheting off the pavement, and as we stood there, a truck drove into a huge puddle, completely covering Lucy in head to foot in muddy water.

"Come on, back to the hotel," said Joe, and we set off at a run. 

We ran into the room giggling. We were wet through. Lucy went into the bathroom to dry off and get changed, and Joe took from the fridge a bottle of Brandy.

"This might warm us up," he said, handing it to me to open. 

The room was one of those big old rooms you are still lucky to find in London, high ceilings and tall windows. I could see the rain lashing against the glass and the lights of the traffic making rainbows through the spray. I poured out three stiff brandies. Joe pulled the curtains and turned off the main light. The only lighting now in the room was the widescreen TV. He flicked through the channels; it was mostly sport or MTV. At last he stopped on a soft-porn channel -- well, it should have been soft, but to my mind it was anything but. The American actress was being serviced by two moustachioed males, and seemed to be enjoying it, for all the 70's haircuts and poor lighting.

At that moment, Lucy came out of the bathroom, dressed only in a towel. The towel barely covered her, and as she turned to bend over Joe I could see the smooth round cheeks of her bottom and a tiny peek of pubic hair. I found it hard not to take my eyes off her. So to avoid embarrassment, I handed her the shot of brandy, and went over and sat near the TV, rubbing my hair dry with a towel. She took the glass, and there was that wicked look in her eyes I knew so well.

"Nostra'via!" she said, and downed her glass in one. I'd never known her do that before. Joe and I joined her in the salutation, and the brandy set fire to my throat and my stomach.

She went and put her arms around Joe and he leant back and returned her kiss. I was slightly embarrassed by this show of feelings, and started to look at the movie. 

The camera was focusing on a long cock sliding in and out of the actress's pussy. A horny scene. I felt my blood rising and my heart began to beat loudly in my ears. What was going to happen next, I thought to myself? I was slightly disturbed to feel my erection pushing a path through my underwear.

What had I imagined would happen today, in my deepest dreams? Perhaps a romantic get together on the grass in Hyde Park? Perhaps the three of us slipping beneath the sheets and cuddling up in the warmth? Whatever it was, I was not prepared for what happened next.

The movie on the screen had captured my attention for a while but suddenly a groan brought me back to reality. I turned round and saw Lucy lying back on the bed, her towel completely forgotten. Her legs were in the air, wide open, and Joe, now stripped down to his boxer shorts, was buried within her pussy. 

My cock gave a lurch, for here was the pussy I had eaten so many times in the past, being sucked, licked and slobbered over in full view of me. Lucy was stroking his head with one hand and playing lazily with a nipple in the other. Her face was turned towards me and her eyes held a glassy expression.

"Come and join us, Carl." she sighed. "Get out of those wet clothes and come and join us ....."

Joe turned his head as he thrust two fingers inside her. His tongue slid across the pale skin of her thigh, and he winked at me before returning to his feast. 

"Come on, Carl. There's plenty for both of us," he joked.

And yes, I had to agree; it WAS warm in this room. I soon slipped off my clothes, and clad only in my shorts, I went and stood next to the bed. I felt a little strange; I'd never done anything like this before. But Lucy took control, and grabbed my hand and pulled me down to her. For a second our lips touched, but she was flying on an orgasmic cloud, and moaned and fell away, so I bent down and ran my fingers and my lips over her erect rigid nipples.

God, her nipples were like bullets, and pretty soon her thrashings told me she had just come to a huge orgasm.

"Oh, god, you taste good!" murmured Joe with a face shiny from her juices. "Ah, Lucy! I want you to suck my cock"

"Yes, please," moaned Lucy, "Let me suck your cock, Joe."

The intimacy of the scene made my cock lurch and made a huge tent in my shorts.

She turned over and knelt on the bed, and Joe stripped off. He had a huge erection, the biggest I've seen, and he came around and pointed the huge monster at her face.

"Fuck me Carl, I want to feel your cock inside me too," said Lucy, looking up at me.

She pushed her arse in the air, and I went around beside her and kicked my shorts to the floor. It was so long since I'd had sex that I was worried I would cum before I could get inside her. Watching Joe's huge cock slide in between her welcoming lips turned me on some more, so I quickly grabbed her cheeks in my hands and thrust roughly inside her. Oh! The smooth wet ride that followed! She was hot and wide, and I rode in easily. The folds of skin parted and caressed my sex as I slipped down the helter-skelter of her body.

"Aaaaargh, mmmmm!" she mumbled, through a mouth full of cock.

I held her arse cheeks in my hand, and took in the scene that lay before me. Two dark shiny cocks sliding in and out of her, pumping her like pistons. Her head bobbing as she swallowed Joe, her back bucking slightly as she thrust against me. I gritted my teeth and fucked her as hard as I could, driven to ecstasy by the soft walls of her cunt, slapping against her flesh to flesh.

"I'm cumming," I moaned, and pulled out and shot my seed all over her naked arse. 

"My turn now, then, I think" smirked Joe. "Carl, let her suck you back to an erection! We can't have any passengers here!" 

We swapped places, Joe moving behind me as I went to take his place. She looked up at me and smiled, gently taking my shiny limpid cock between her soft lips. While Joe thrust unforgivingly into her, she licked and sucked me back into life. He groaned and gritted his teeth. It was all such a turn on, watching my Lucy being fucked this way that soon I was hard again and my rampant cock was sliding in and out of her mouth. 

I knew one of my deepest fantasies was going to come to reality.

"Let me cum in your mouth, Lucy..." I pleaded, and grabbed her head and started to fuck her mouth as hard as I could. I wasn't aware I had so much cum left inside me, for soon the soft administrations of her tongue had brought me close to orgasm again. Her body was being pumped so hard she was shaking, and soon I felt her groan as another wave of orgasm took her. That was the signal I needed, and I ejaculated hard between her lips.

"Oh! yessss!" I cried, as my cum shot into her mouth, and the white sticky juices started to roll down her chin. I leant down and kissed her full on the lips, tasting my own cum, feeling her erotic tongue twisting with mine.

"Yes, yes!" screamed Joe with a laugh, as he came too. I saw his legs buckle slightly as he spasm'd inside her, pushing and slapping her less and less as his erection slipped away. He leant and kissed her buttocks tenderly, running his hands over her smooth white skin.

And when we had slipped beneath the sheets, one on either side, Joe stared at the ceiling, gave a huge sigh, and said,

"Now that's what I call sharing and caring!"