 Cassandra stepped up behind Eric, rubbing her big breasts into his back. Cassandra loved to act sexy around her friends. She and Devin were married, but their friends were not. Of course, that didn't matter. She just loved teasing, though it had never gone further than that.

"Hey, big boy, wanna play around?" she asked teasingly as her hands wrapped around him and slid from his chest to his stomach. 

"Always ready," he answered, laughing at her innocent playfulness.

"Oooohhh, I'll just bet you are!" she answered, trying to sound sexy, looking over at the others while she bent her knees and slid down his body. Suggestively, she wiggled her hips, which Eric, of course, couldn't see. But it made her breasts rub back and forth over his back as she bent down. Her fingers spread out as they descended down the outside of his waist and legs. 

"We can find out if you're always ready, big boy," she teased. To demonstrate, she moved her hands around to the front of his legs as if to search out evidence of an erection.

Others were laughing at her antics, some egging her on. As she wiggled around and let her hands roam, suddenly she gasped and stopped moving.

"Oh, shit!" she blurted out, startled. She held her hands slightly off of Eric's legs, frozen in space.

"Shit, Eric, I... I'm sorry. I..." Cassandra was for once fumbling for words.

She struggled to calm herself. "Holy shit!" she said, finding her voice again while her hands again splayed themselves out on his pants. Her fingers were moving slightly, in place. Everyone was waiting, and wondering what exactly was happening.

"Fuck, Eric," Cassandra, her voice normal now except perhaps a bit huskier. "I never knew you were so big!"

Some knew what she meant and their eyes immediately went to Eric's crotch, while the others took a few seconds to realize it.

Cassandra was squeezing the lump in Eric's pants, softly, as if trying to judge the size of it. Everyone stepped or leaned in closer to see the bulge even better.

Allie and Kristin both made a comment, asking how it felt.

"It is so hard. Thick. Wow! Thick!" Cassandra seemed awestruck.

Kristin giggled knowingly, saying, "You should see it!"

Cassandra's head spun to look at her. "Really? You wouldn't mind?"

Kristin hadn't meant that as an offer to actually see her guy's dick, but she couldn't back down now. Besides, although she hadn't planned it, she didn't mind it, either. She kind of liked the idea of her friends seeing what she got to have inside her on a regular basis.

"No," Kristin answered, though her voice sounded much weaker than she expected. "Go ahead if you want."

Cassandra never even glanced at her husband but wasted little time in finding the pull on Eric's fly, tugging it down. Then she moved back up to his belt and unfastened that. When she undid his snap, she held the two sides of his pants out away from his body. She was teasing everyone again, waiting for the suspense to build, then all at once let her hands fall, bringing the pants with them and letting them fall to the floor. The thin cloth of his shorts could scarcely contain the bulge that was now the focus of everyone there. Cassandra had moved slightly to the side so that she could see around Eric to his dick.

Cassandra wrapped her hand around the covered shaft for a moment, making Eric gasp, then quickly grabbed the waistband and pulled them down in one fairly swift motion. Allie had been trying to withhold any sounds, but she emitted a loud gasp at the first look at Eric's naked prick.

Cassandra gazed at it from only inches away, and a quiet "Fuuuuck" came out of her mouth.

Eric stood there motionless, his erection straining away from his body. The length of it was certainly impressive, but it was the thickness of it that was so surprising. It was the thickest dick that any of them had seen. 

Eric seemed to be partly embarrassed, partly proud. He didn't move, but finally he spoke softly to Cassandra.

"Touch it," he said, barely able to speak.

Cassandra looked up at him, then quickly towards Kristin.

"Awwww, touch it," he repeated, as if in agony.

Kristin, still smiling, gently nodded at Cassandra, who then turned toward Eric - or, rather, his penis - reaching out and wrapping her hand around the shaft as far as it would reach. A gasp came from everyone but Kristin at the touch, the loudest being Eric, as the built-up tension was relieved.

"How thick is this thing?" asked Cassandra. "My heavens!"

"It does feel a lot like heaven when it's inside," Kristin said, sending laughter throughout the room.

"Oh, hell, I'll bet so," answered Cassandra, moving in closer. She moved her head and placed a kiss on the tip of his dick, bringing a groan from everyone. Suddenly she whipped her head around towards Kristin again, remembering it was her guy's dick she was kissing.

"Sorry," Cassandra said quietly.

"It's okay," Kristin told her, still that same proud smile on her face.

"Really?" Cassandra asked.

Kristin nodded slowly. Not really giving her permission to go further, but Cassandra seemed to take it as such. She turned back to the dick, stared at it for a moment, then placed her lips around the head. Eric hissed air into his lungs as he felt her wet lips encircle his head. Taking a moment to adjust to it's size, she let more of it slip slowly into her mouth.

It was an incredible sight. Nothing like this had ever taken place in this group of friends. Noone could take their eyes off of this sudden turn of events, except for a quick glance at Kristin to see how she was reacting. Cassandra was slowly moving her mouth back and forth over maybe three inches of the shaft. It seemed that was about all she could take, but she eventually worked further down another couple inches. Finally she pulled off completely, working her jaw as if it needed a rest.

She got a small round of applause from the room for her performance, and she told Eric to lay down. She nodded toward a leather reclining chair, which had a separate leather stool. Eric backed up a step and sat on the stool, then lay back onto the chair. He was sloping slightly upward this way, while his shaft towered obscenely skyward. This seemed to bring a different visual, and made Cassandra stop and look.

"Oh my God!" she said. "How good would that be to fuck!"

Cassandra just stared for another moment until hearing Kristin say, "Go ahead." The situation had definitely gotten out of hand.

This time Cassandra turned slowly toward Kristin, but didn't say a word. She certainly had lust written all over her face.

Kristin looked back at her, holding her gaze for a moment, then said, "I'm sure he wouldn't mind."

Cassandra turned back to the shaft seeming to tower over the room. She had not once even glanced at Devin, much as Eric's opinion was never asked. She grasped the dick again and held it. She seemed to be contemplating something. To blow or to fuck, perhaps? 

Finally Cassandra said, "Oh, shiiit!," as she raised herself up, having decided that she needed to feel that thing inside her. She placed one leg on each side of Eric's leg, reaching under her skirt to pull her panties out of the way.

"Wait," came a voice out of the blue. It took a moment to place the male voice, until all eyes fell on Devin. He was stepping towards his wife, and all quickly assumed that he had had enough and was putting a stop to it.

Everyone seemed a little surprised and greatly relieved to see what he was doing. He was finally putting an end to a crazy situation. But they were all surprised when he reached around his wife to unfasten her skirt and let it fall to the ground.

Devin looked at Cassandra and said, "I think we all want to see everything, Hon." And with that he took hold of her panties and pulled them down, exposing his wife to the room. In addition, he placed his hand on her pussy, cupping it tenderly and letting a finger find its way into her pussy. He wiggled it around and plunged it in, touching a precious spot that made Cassandra squeal and shiver.

"Oh, yeah, she's wet!" He told everyone, then backed away while they all giggled nervously. 

The laughter lasted only a moment as all attention went back to the towering shaft of flesh on the stool, now pointing up at a naked pussy displayed to the entire room. With her legs on either side of his, Cassandra stepped up, positioning herself directly over the cock that she now held. Spreading her legs more, she held the dick steady while she lowered herself, letting Eric's cock head push into her folds. She stopped. With both hands she reached down and spread her pussy lips open as far as she could, settling the cock head in between.

Everyone leaned forward once again, getting the best view they could of what was happening. Her pussy was shaved, so it was easy to see the dick pushing in and the pussy lips spreading to make room for it. She lowered herself slowly, a little at a time, then raising up again before trying another inch. When he was about halfway inside her, she leaned forward, putting her hands on his shoulders for support, and kept moving her hips to work it in further.

During this time Cassandra was moaning. It sounded at times like she was saying something, but it was only understandable as moans. After she leaned over into Eric's body, he raised his hands to her breasts, holding them for only a moment until he began to pull her blouse up, along with her bra, uncovering her large breasts. They hung down, allowing Eric to play with them and her nipples, adding to the excitement for them and everyone. Devin actually came over to pull the rest of her clothes off over her head. He was really enjoying his wife getting fucked in front of him - and in front of all.

Eric just laid there while Cassandra was moving up and down on his cock, though he was obviously enjoying himself. Everyone could see his cock easing in and out of her pussy. Her lips were pushed inward on every down stroke, disappearing from sight as his cock forced its way in. When it came out her lips came with it, extending away from her body as far as they could stretch, clinging to the sides of his shaft. It was a testament to how tight was the channel his dick had to travel.

Cassandra's movements were slow. No feverish fucking for her. But then, after several minutes of slow fucking driving everyone crazy, she began to speed up. Not fast, but quicker, shallower strokes, accompanied by high pitched squeals. She was close to an orgasm.

When it hit she thrust one time, perhaps hitting her best spot, and held it there, squealing loudly now as she let loose. Her body shook all over. Her arms were no longer able to hold herself up, and she collapsed head first onto Eric. Her hips remained fairly still for a longer time, but gradually lowered further onto the cock. Each movement on his shaft brought her to another mini orgasm. She raised her hips slightly and then lowered them, moving the cock inside her stretched out pussy, over and over, each time sending a thrill through her body, the ripples of them being seen by all.

Before she was even done with her after shocks, Cassandra pushed her upper body off of Eric. But when she raised up, her lower body took all the weight. This caused her hips to push down, Eric's cock to move deeper into her pussy, and Cassandra to moan "Oh, Fuck!" as she felt the unexpected intrusion.

She was in a hurry to get off Eric and try to regain some dignity. She was just now realizing that she had just fucked her friend's boyfriend, and in front of all these other friends. She began feeling very self-conscious for that and for the show that she must have put on. But as she rolled onto the floor, beginning to think how she should hide her naked body from everyone, she couldn't help but feel the tingles and excitement of that well-fucked feeling.

When Cassandra rolled off Eric, his tall, thick shaft got more attention than Cassandra's nakedness. It looked huge. Longer and thicker than ever, and now covered with a moist sheen from Cassandra's pussy juices. Allie moved over closer to it, as if in a trance.

"Dammit, I have to have that in me!" she stated, staring right at his cock.

She had already removed her panties, as she had been playing with herself while watching Cassandra. Almost as an afterthought she looked over at Kristin, begging with her eyes for permission to fuck her boyfriend.

Kristin nodded her approval slowly, but her eyes widened and she barely smiled. She was concerned that Allie could not take her guy's thick shaft into her small pussy. But that was her decision. Allie was barely over five feet tall, and dainty in every way. Each person there must have wondered if a cock as thick as his would rip her wide open.

As with Cassandra, Allie didn't seem to care if her boyfriend or Devin approved of this. If Kristin was okay with it, that was all that mattered. Others looked at Ryan, however, to see if he was willing to have his girl put on a naked sex show as Cassandra had done. Also, to put it bluntly, to see if he was okay with his little, skinny girlfriend getting impaled by this monster cock. 

Ryan showed how he felt as soon as Kristin had nodded her permission. In the spirit of what Devin had done, he stepped up to Allie and kissed her, while reaching behind her to undo her bra. As his lips pulled away he pulled her top and bra from her body, leaving her topless. Then her reached down and pulled her skirt down, letting it fall in a puddle at her feet. She was now completely exposed to the crowd, her petite little figure drawing admiration from everyone, but also some anxiety. Would that huge shaft that had just filled Cassandra's pussy so completely rip this little one apart?

Allie's little tits barely moved as she crawled the last couple feet towards Eric. Her tits really weren't very little, except compared to Cassandra's. It's just that they were so round and perfect. They were half globes, perfectly round and firm, no sag whatsoever, with the cutest little nipples seated in the exact center. They were, simply, perfection.

Her pussy, however, was another matter. Oh, it looked perfect as well. Totally shaved and exposed, it looked like a little girl's instead of a woman's. Her pussy lips were small and thin, tightly closed to keep her vagina safe. Allie had been playing with her pussy, and even now had at least one finger moving inside her. But even with that and the juices that were obvious, her pussy hardly looked ready. But she was determined.

Allie took hold of the shaft with both hands, pausing to examine the size and shape of this prick with her eyes as well as her hands. She moved it around to see and feel it, perhaps determining if she truly wanted to fuck it. After a short time of doing this she appeared ready, and started to stand up to take her position when she was stopped.

"Wait a second." It was Eric.

All eyes were now on Eric, wondering what he needed, or if he was going to stop the ruination of Allie's little pussy.

Eric continued. "Cassandra sucked me off some before we fucked. Why don't you do that?"

Allie paused, still holding his shaft with two hands. She looked at it. It was wet. Slick. Slimy. She knew that it was Cassandra's pussy juices on it. Cassandra had an amazing orgasm while this cock was inside her. It was coated with her pussy.

Everyone else was having the same thoughts, and waiting to see if Allie would, basically, suck Cassandra's pussy juices. But they didn't have to wait long.

Allie returned to her knees and bent over Eric's dick, licking the length of it with long, slow, sensuous strokes. She ended each stroke with her tongue swirling around his cock head and slurping loudly all the accumulated juices she could find. It was almost more sexually exciting than the actual fucking.

When she had cleaned his cock of all the juices, Allie placed the head to her closed lips, allowing her lips to open slowly and ease the cock between them. Gradually the cock entered Allie's mouth. After the head disappeared she kept going until a couple inches of the shaft was inside her little mouth. As she eased those inches in and nearly out of her mouth, it was exciting to see her cheek bulge out as Eric's cock pushed it from the inside.

As she sucked and fucked the first few inches of his cock, her hands were busy on the rest of the shaft, slowly stroking up and down while using a twisting motion just for fun. She had Eric moaning, and impressed.

Allie had such a small waist, but nice flaring hips that led to the cutest heart-shaped ass. As she continued to work Eric's cock, her hips and ass moved back and forth with her motion, making the guys - and, yes, the girls - split their attention between the sensuous motion of her perfect ass and the excellent blowjob Eric was getting. 

Allie must have had a double jointed jaw, as her mouth was so widely open to take the cock inside her. She was almost unrecognizable as her lips were stretched so much to fit over the thick shaft. But this bug-eyed little vixen kept at it, almost unbelievably stretched out to accommodate the girth of this cock, until she thought Eric might be getting too excited.

There was so much to look at with this compact little dynamo that everyone felt disappointed when she stopped working him over, even though they all knew that the next step was to see Eric's thick shaft pummel her little pussy. They would have been more than satisfied to spend the night watching that sweet ass swaying back and forth, those perky titties hanging from her chest without giving up their shape, and the incredible blowjob that had her mouth and cheeks so stuffed full of cock. But more was to come.

When Allie stopped, she paused to take a long look at Eric, and was pleased to see that he was driven to the brink. He looked used. Tense. Needy. Indeed, he was all those things. Cassandra had certainly contributed to his state of arousal, but Allie liked to think that she had gotten him to where he was now. Ryan, experienced with her abilities, had no doubt of this. 

Allie stood, straddling Eric's legs, her bare, sopping wet pussy poised just above him. Like a good tease, she held that position for a moment, drawing out the anticipation. In truth, she was contemplating what was about to happen. She knew what was about to happen. She had seen Cassandra needing to work in order to accept this thick hunk of meat into her, and Allie was much smaller. Yes, Allie thought, she had taken large and thick dicks before, but never this size. And it had been a long time ago. Although Ryan fucked her hard and well, he was at best of average size. She was not used to a big cock, not since they had started dating two years ago. She just hoped that his energetic fucking and desire for many positions had sufficiently reamed her out enough so that she could take Eric's oversized cock. She and all her friends were about to find out.

Allie positioned the cock with her hands and lowered her body down. She and Eric both exhaled loudly as his cock head pushed between her pussy lips. This was the much anticipated time they had been working toward. But as sopping wet as her pussy was, she felt her lips being pulled and almost stuck to the thick shaft. Of course she knew this would happen, and wasn't ready to have him enter her yet. Eric had been anxious and was pushing his hips upward, hoping to get himself into her smooth, velvety channel. This night was nearly more than he could bear.

Allie raised herself up slightly so that Eric could not enter her too soon. She moved the head of his penis up and down her slit, coating his dick with her juices. She squealed out "AHHH" when she hit her clit with his cock, so naturally she had to do that a few more times. She was so close to an orgasm. She let his cock go momentarily and took hold of her skin on either side of her pussy lips, pulling them apart as far as she could. Then she lowered herself slightly to allow the head of Devin's cock to insert itself between them. She wiggled her hips to screw his head deeper into her, without pulling her lips in with it. When the cock was firmly seated, she began a rocking motion, allowing it to slip a bit deeper, while she still held her lips away from the shaft.
