 Author's Notes: This is another chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapters for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.

* * * * * 

On Sunday afternoon, my husband Bill and I had finished a 2 hour photo session followed by spectacular sex for nearly an hour. 

"You're just as hot as ever." Bill remarked.

"And you're my favorite lover. You please me so many ways in bed, and out of bed." I replied as I hugged Bill again and gave him a well deserved kiss.

"It's near impossible to satisfy your sexual desires. I'm glad that I have other men to help." Bill said with a wink.

"And you know I greatly appreciate everything you do for me." I said lovingly.

"Hey! Do you remember Brad and Luke?" He asked, changing the topic suddenly.

"How could I forget my first threesome?" I fired back. "I guess that has been my only threesome. I'll never forget that, or the brothers. And to think that was actually a bachelor party of sorts for Brad."

"An incredible threesome. And maybe my best set of photos. Brad created his own book from those." Bill replied. He had always been really pleased with the photos he took that day of me having sex with Brad and his brother Luke.

"But what I wanted to tell you," Bill continued, "is that I just got another email from Brad. They want to come back for a repeat performance, sort of."

"What?" I exclaimed in excitement. "They want to come do it again? And what do you mean by 'sort of'?"

"Brad's wife, Anne, is also coming to join in." Bill explained. "And this is to be a surprise to Luke. He won't know in advance that Anne will be here."

"Really?" I remarked. "What's with that? And, how will that work?"

"You remember the first email we got from Brad. He had shared with Anne the story of the threesome here the night before their wedding, his bachelor party. He showed her the photos I took that night. Instead of being angry at Brad, she was aroused. She confided to him that she also wanted to have sex with his brother, Luke, or possibly a threesome including him. Brad also knew that his brother had the hots for Anne. As a result, Brad and Anne have hatched this plan to have Brad and Luke come here, supposedly for a repeat with you. Unknown to Luke will be that Anne will also be here to have sex with him." Bill finished his long explanation and sat back looking at me. "What do you think?"

I thought about all this for a moment.

"Why are they coming here for this? Why not have their threesome where they live?" I asked. "What are our roles in this?

"I think that Brad and Anne want this to be a big surprise to Luke, and they think this is the best setting." Bill replied. "As for my role, they have specifically asked that I take photos. They don't want to ask someone else in their home town to take photos. I'm not so sure about your role, but I know that Anne wants to spend time talking with you before the brothers get here."

"I guess I'm all in for this, whatever 'this' actually is." I replied, holding up my hands to put air-quotes around the word 'this'.

"I'll reply to Brad, set a date, and try to get more details." Bill concluded.

- - - - - 

About two weeks later, on a Saturday afternoon, Anne arrived at our house via a ride-sharing service. Anne wore a white dress which was fitted above the waist and emphasized her larger than average breasts, and her hour glass figure. The hem of the flared skirt was half way up her thighs. She had shoulder length blonde hair, blue eyes, and a wide smile. She carried a small overnight bag with her.

"Hello. You must be Eve." Said the attractive blonde at our door as she held out her hand.

"And you must be Anne." I replied as I shook her hand and welcomed her into our home. "How was your flight?"

"A bit awkward as I had to fly alone, on a separate plane, in order to keep our plan secret from Luke." she replied. "I've never done anything like this before."

I motioned for Anne to take a seat in our living room. "Can I offer you something to drink? A beer or some water?"

"Water would be great." Anne replied as she looked around the room.

I fetched two bottles of water from the refrigerator and handed one to Anne as I sat down next to her on the sofa.

"When you say 'never done anything like this', exactly what do you mean?" I asked, even though I thought I knew the answer.

"Oh, so many things I've never done." Anne began. "I've never expected to have sex outside our marriage. I've never had sex with multiple people. I've never planned such a surprise, especially in another city and in a stranger's home."

"Never had sex with multiple people, and you planned this? In another city?" I asked.

"That's the main reason I wanted to talk with you before all this began." Anne answered. "When Brad finally told me about what happened here the night before our wedding, and then showed me the photos, I was totally stunned! I never imagined either of us ever doing anything like that. And I immediately knew I also wanted to have such an experience. And with Luke. May I ask how that night happened from your perspective?"

I gave Anne a shortened version of Bill's and my relationship, the photography, the sex with other men, and that specific night when I went looking for two men for my first threesome.

"So just like that you were having sex with two strangers?" Anne asked.

"Maybe a bit risky, but my husband Bill was always with me." I replied. " I had a fantastic experience, except for me choking while being spit-roasted on two cocks." I added proudly.

"I've given simple blowjobs. I've never deep-throated a cock, or had someone fuck my mouth. I don't think I can actually do two men at once." Anne said.

"So exactly what sort of threesome experience do you want?" I asked, hoping this discussion might also explain my role in this.

"I suppose I want to have sex with one, and then sex with the other." Anne replied. "I've never done this and don't really know what to do. It just looked so hot in your photos and I thought you could suggest some things, or give me tips. Maybe you could keep one brother busy while I'm having sex with the other. I don't know. Can you help me?"

Anne looked nervous and vulnerable. She needed help, and was looking to me for guidance. I was quickly bonding with the cute, sexy blonde and I wanted to help. I wanted everyone to have a great experience.

"From my limited experience, I suggest the following." I began. "First, there are no rules. Everyone does what feels right, what feels good, and we hope everyone has a great time. I think that is what happened the last time. Second, there are countless ways to do two men at once. You don't have to be fucking them both. One can be fucking you and maybe you're just kissing the other or stroking their cock. Lots of options. Try some things. If it doesn't feel good, do something else."

I paused and then added, "When you ask if I could 'keep one brother busy', does that include having sex with them? What if that other brother is your husband? May I have sex with him?"

"Oh, Yes. Please have sex with Brad if you like." Anne replied quickly. "I think it would be especially hot for me to be having sex with Luke while watching Brad have sex with another woman. Would you do that for me?"

Initially I was taken aback by her eagerness for me to fuck her husband. Then I thought about what Bill does for me, and I understood the sharing of the experience.

"I would love to fuck Brad again. And I hope to have another go with Luke as well." I answered. "Lastly, are there specific limits you have? And what about protection? We have a basket of condoms I can put out for the guys to use."

"Oh! Thank you for thinking about that. Maybe we insist on protection." Anne replied. After she thought a moment she added, "I don't like cum on my face or hair. Brad knows that. I need for Luke to know."

"I'm also opposed to cum in my hair. If the situation arises, we tell them no cum above the neck." I replied.

We sat there in silence a few moments and sipped our water.

"How does all this start?" Anne asked. "How do we surprise Luke?"

I thought a bit about this and then proposed a plan to Anne. The plan involved Anne initially hiding in the bedroom. Once the plan started, Brad would know when to give the signal and Anne would walk in, surprising Luke. We would then play it by ear from there out.

"That's a great plan! I so love you." Anne said as she gave me a big hug. She held the hug maybe a bit too long. I didn't know if there was any significance to that.

We parted, but Anne kept her face close to mine.

"Have you ever had sex with another woman?" She asked in a quiet voice.

"No, I haven't." I answered. I decided to not tell her that I have been curious. "Have you?" I asked.

"I've played the field, or should I say I've played both fields." Anne replied. "I prefer men, but I have enjoyed other women. That started my first year of college with my dorm roommate. And I've had other female lovers. I just wondered if tonight, if things get really wild, if we might play. I think I would like that. And I'm sure the guys would go crazy. You know how men love to watch two women. But if you don't, that's okay."

"Can I give you an answer later?" I answered. I wasn't sure why I said that. Maybe I wanted to leave open the possibility. No need to close doors too soon, I thought.

At that moment, Bill walked into the room, his camera in hand. Anne and I rose to meet him.

"Bill, this is Anne, Brad's wife." I started the introductions. "And Anne, this is my husband Bill, the resident photographer."

"Pleased to meet you Anne. I hope tonight is as much fun as the last time Brad and Luke were here. That was one hot night." Bill said while politely shaking her hand.

"I'm so excited to be here. Brad and I have talked about this for the past several weeks. I've never done anything like this. But I so want to have a hot sexual experience. And I hope you get some great photographs." Anne said to Bill with a great amount of eagerness.

"Speaking of photographs, why don't we take some right now of you two lovely ladies?" Bill suggested.

I was dressed in a flower print top and a blue skirt. I thought Anne and I would look good together.

"Where do you want us?" I asked.

"Just standing, right here in the living room is fine." Bill replied. He lifted his camera and took a quick shot before either of us could pose.

"Not fair." said Anne.

"Tonight, just act like I'm not there. I will be taking a lot of un-staged photos."

Anne and I stood together in several poses and Bill took his photographs.

"Now face each other and hold each other, hands on the other's waist. Then turn your head to look at me." Bill directed.

We did and he took a couple of photos.

"Tilt your heads together." He said. We did. And he took a couple more.

"Now look at each other, and kiss." He said.

Now I was the one not ready for this. Anne sensed my unease.

"Relax, it's just a picture." she said.

We closed the gap between our faces until our lips met. It was a soft gentle kiss. I heard Bill's camera shutter click several times.

"That's nice." I whispered to Anne.

She pulled me a bit closer and we kissed again, our lips firmly planted on each other's and held that. It felt really nice to kiss Anne. She was a great kisser. I realized that one of my theories was that great kissers are also great lovers. Might Anne be a great lover? I felt a tingle in my pussy. Was I attracted to her?

"Okay, I got plenty of those pictures." Bill said.

Anne and I broke our kiss and stood there looking at each other. I'm sure Bill was also aware of the non-verbal interaction. I'm certain all three of us were considering the possibility of Anne and I making love at some point in the evening.

"We have about two hours until the guys arrive. Maybe we should get ready for them." I said in a breathless voice.

"Yes." Anne replied. "I need to do my hair and make-up. I also need to change my clothes."

Anne picked up her overnight bag and followed me back to the master bathroom.

"I need to send a message to Brad with the signal for your entrance." I told Anne.

She gave me Brad's cell number and I sent him a text; "This is Eve. Tonight, when I remove my dress, you need to say in a loud voice "Wouldn't it be great if Anne was here?". That is her signal to enter."

- - - - - 

I felt very comfortable getting undressed in front of Anne, even if my body tingled in a strange new form of sexual attraction. We worked on each other's hair, and we helped each other with makeup. We both did an extreme cat-eye effect, her's was shades of green that went well with her blonde hair and soft pink lipstick. My eyes were in shades of blue, mostly dark, to offset my auburn hair and flame red lipstick. We looked hot, and slutty. I did notice that she was shaved completely smooth down below, just as I was.

Bill came into the bathroom with his camera to take more pictures. Anne flinched and covered herself as best she could.

"Oh, you need to get used to him and his camera." I said. "Later he will see you completely naked and having sex. Better get comfortable with him."

Anne thought just a moment about this and then threw her arms and legs out in a spread open posture. Bill gladly took more photos.

First I put on a matching set of a blue satin bra and matching thong. I wore my blue party dress which was cut low at the neckline, and had a high hemline. This accentuated my large 36D breasts and my long, shapely legs.

Anne decided to have the virginal bride look for her brother-in-law. She wore a white lace bra to cover her 36C breasts, a matching lace thong that sat perfectly on her shapely hips, a matching white lace garter belt, and white, thigh high stockings that had a slight shimmer to them. She slipped on a pair of white, 3" high heel, pumps.

"You need the white veil to match that." I said half in jest.

"I'm not that much a virgin." Anne replied and we both laughed.

"And a dress?" I asked.

"I don't need one, remember?" Anne replied. "The plan is that when you begin stripping for the boys, and remove your dress, Brad will give the signal and I will join you wearing just this."

Oh, yeah. Right." I replied.

I decided to also add a blue garter belt and black stockings to my ensemble. The last touch was my three inch black pumps. When Anne joined me in front of the brothers, we would be similarly attired, her in white and myself in blue with black.

I stood next to Anne and Bill took a few more photos.

You two are fucking hot!" Bill said. "If the brothers don't fuck you silly, I will."

"I take that as a promise." said Anne with a wink.

The doorbell rang. It was just after seven o'clock, the appointed hour.

Bill went to answer the door while I waited with Anne in the bathroom.

"Are you ready to be truly fucked tonight?" I asked.

"As many times as I can." Anne replied.

"Remember to wait for Brad to say 'Wouldn't it be great if Anne was here?' and then come out." I instructed her.

I heard Bill usher in Brad and Luke. They all sounded in great spirit and excited. Bill fetched beers for both of the brothers. Brad and Luke sat on the sofa while Bill stood. It was time to make my entrance.

- - - - -

As I strolled into the living room, Brad and Luke both leapt to their feet.

"So glad to see you two again." I said as I gave a hug and quick kiss to each.

"I cannot believe this is happening again." Said Luke, a bit wide-eyed in disbelief.

"It's happening Bro." Said Brad. "When I heard that Anne had a business trip and would be gone for the weekend. I immediately thought about the two of us coming back here."

I knew, as he knew, it was a lie about Anne. But Luke had believed it 100 percent.

"Eve is really hot." Luke began. "But you have Anne and she is also hot stuff. I bet she is a great fuck."

"You'd like to know, wouldn't you Luke?" Brad asked.

"If I had the chance. If I had the chance." Luke repeated himself while shaking his head.

"And I'm chopped liver?" I asked sarcastically, striking a sexy pose.

"Not at all. You know you're the goddess of sex." said Brad.

"Fucking Yeah!" Said Luke. "You will always be the best, Eve."

"I don't know. Sounds like Anne is also hot stuff." I replied, adding some praise for Anne.

Bill started some music and I began to dance for the brothers. They both sat down on the sofa. They whistled and cheered for me with each sexy move I made. Bill was taking lots of photographs.

The third song was a striptease number. I began my routine and soon I was removing my dress. Luke and Brad were urging me on, to take off more.

I danced provocatively in my lingerie. The guys were beginning to unbutton their shirts.

Brad spoke in a loud voice, "Wouldn't it be great if Anne was here?" he made sure Anne heard the signal.

Luke turned to Brad and said "Fucking Yeah." He turned back just in time to see the sexy Anne stroll in, wearing only her bra, thong, garter belt, and stockings.

"Hello boys." Anne said in a most sexy voice.

The brothers were both standing. Everybody froze and stared at the sexy Anne. Bill paused the music.

"What the f....?" asked Luke, stopping before finishing that last word. He looked like he'd been struck by a star.

"I've come to answer your dreams." Anne said. She stepped up to Luke and told him in a sultry voice. "I hear you want to fuck me. Tonight will be your lucky night."

"What? You're my brother's wife." Luke stammered.

Brad took hold of his brother's arm and turned Luke to face him.

"Here's the story." Brad began. "After the honeymoon, I told Anne all about our last visit here. I showed her the pictures. She thought it was incredible erotic and wished she could do this. She also told me that she had a fantasy about having sex with you. And I told her your fantasy about doing it with her. So we planned this night, with the help of Eve and Bill." 

Brad paused to let this sink in. Luke just stared at Brad, then back at Anne.

"Believe it brother." Brad continued. "Tonight dreams come true."

Bill started the music again and Anne joined me in an erotic dance. We did the most sensual bump and grind on each other. The brothers cheered and drank their beers. Bill continued taking photographs.

Then the striptease continued. I took the lead and Anne mimicked each move. First we kicked off our shoes. Then I removed my bra and shook my tits in the face of Brad. Anne shook her tits in Luke's face. I unfastened my stockings, rolled off each one and draped them around Brad's neck. Anne followed and draped her stockings around Luke. We removed our garter belts.

The brothers whooped and hollered the whole time. They both loved our show.

Then Anne and I did another dance, wearing only our thongs, and rubbing our bodies over each other. I was getting so horny. The brothers had stripped down to their boxers.

Anne and I stood side by side, hip to hip, our backsides to the brothers. We bent over to give them a great view of our asses, and together we pulled down our thongs. The brothers were cheering and clapping. They pulled off their boxers and their cocks popped out, very erect.

I turned to face the brothers, my arm around Anne's waist, all of us naked.

"Three important points." I said. "First, use condoms tonight. A basket of them are on the dresser. Two, if it comes to this, keep the cum below our necks. No cum shots on our face or hair. And most important, number three, everyone have a FUCKING GREAT TIME!"

With that I grabbed Anne by the hand and we raced to the bedroom. The brothers were right behind us, as was Bill with his camera.

- - - - - 

As we entered the bedroom I noticed that Anne quickly took a condom from the basket and turned in front of Luke and dropped to her knees. She stroked his cock with one hand while tearing open the condom package with her teeth and other hand. Anne deftly rolled the condom onto Luke's cock, took his cock into her mouth, and began sucking on it. Luke threw back his head and moaned out loud. I was impressed with her commitment to safe-sex, and her agile moves to quickly sheath the cock.
