 Recently, my girlfriend had broken up with me, and I wasn't dealing with it very well; I wasn't even interested in sex – I just wanted sex with my ex. Some friends of mine tried to help, and they used my email account to set up an 'personals' ad on Craigslist, and needless to say, I was kind of confused when I started getting emails from people wanting to hook up. They finally confessed, and said that they had picked out a "date" for me, but I wasn't sure I was ready yet.

It turns out that I was invited over by Shari and Andrew, who wanted me to watch them get dirty. I suppose that since I wasn't having any kind of sex, I might as well watch people that were enjoying it.

As agreed upon, I showed up at a small cafe to get to know them a bit. They were nice enough, and we got along wonderfully. Along the way, I found out they had tried this once before, but chickened out right before they got to the fun part. That sure explained why they each had several drinks to my one beer. Since they were starting to get a buzz, we quickly drove back to their house, just a few minutes down the road. Funny thing though – I could have sworn they made two wrong turns before we got to the house.

Once we got there, Shari turned on the stereo while Andrew went into the kitchen for the bottle of rum and soda. Andrew surprised me by saying we should play a game of cards to get into "the mood," helped along by generous amounts of alcohol. I guess they were trying to cover their inhibitions with liquid courage.

Shari said she was "nowhere close enough to drunk" so she downed a few shots while Andrew was trying to make the drinks. I started thinking it was a bit suspicious when it looked like they weren't sure where all the liquor bottles and the glasses were. Neither of them were really sure where to look for cards, so Andrew said he was going to go exploring... 

Once he went into another room to find the cards, Shari started dancing – and she was doing it well, and I guess she noticed my eyes all over her. Looking around quickly, she saw Andrew was not in sight, and she got a sly look in her eye. Moving closer, she whispered "Here's a special preview, just for you." as she pulled up her shirt and bra, making sure I got a good eyeful of her gorgeous C-cup breasts.

As I reached for them, we heard Andrew say "Hey, I finally found these things, let's get going!"

She spun around, pulling down her clothes, and picking up a drink in one smooth motion. I quickly went to the table and sat down to hide the bump that had suddenly appeared in my pants. A flash was quite unexpected, but always welcome.

I saw Andrew look at Shari's hand in an odd way, and she kind of jumped when she saw her ring finger wasn't bare like his was. She put her hands under the table, and when I looked a few minutes later, her ring was gone. Things aren't adding up here...

So we started playing poker, with drinks for bets. It sure didn't take long for us to get our heads swirling. Shari, slurring her words badly, said that we should stop doing shots, and up the ante – clothes instead of shots. Well, that sounded great, but only lasted two hands. We just couldn't concentrate on the game. Instead it turned to a weird truth-or-dare game – since I was just an "observer" this evening, my dares couldn't include anything physical.

Shari was first up for the choice, and she chose truth. Andrew asked "have you ever gone skinny-dipping?"

She thought for a moment then said "No, I've always wanted to, but I have always been too scared."

For my turn, I also chose truth. Andrew said "name one fantasy you have not done but have always wanted to."

Wow, was I ever shocked! No one has ever asked me that. Well, honesty. I thought for a sec, then replied "I have always wanted to record me having sex, but the moment was never right."

I was feeling kind of embarrassed about that, so I was watching the table top; it got real quiet, so I looked up, and both Andrew and Shari were staring at me, grinning like fools. I was a little weirded out, so I told Andrew it was now his choice. He's quiet for a moment, than says "I want a dare."

My brain wasn't working well, and it was apparently taking me too long because Shari popped up with "you have 10 seconds to take your clothes off and lay on your back on this table. Ready? 10...9...8..."

Not wasting any time, and doing surprisingly well for being drunk, he only missed the countdown by about 10 seconds. I was a little shocked, I hadn't expected to see a naked guy a foot away from me – at least not so soon. Breathing hard, Andrew said "Your turn baby, truth or dare?"

Right away, she replies "Dare. And it has better be what I'm thinking!" He grins, and I know exactly what everyone is thinking. He says "You, clothes off now, my cock down your throat, your pussy on my mouth – and right now."

He isn't even done talking when she gets up and starts dancing a little bit again. Kind of ignoring the 'now' part of his dare, she slowly starts a little dance, teasing a bit as she goes. The shirt comes up, stops just below her breasts, then slowly comes all the up, then off, tossed to the side. She undoes her bra, turns around to take it off, looking back, making eye contact with both of us. Turning around hiding the girls under her hands, she keeps dancing a bit.

After playing with them for a moment, teasing our eyes, she drops her hands and unbuttons her jeans. Making a show of it, she unzips, and slowly pulls down jeans and panties, shaking her hips the whole time. Now that everything is off, she walks slowly back to the table, facing me slightly, as if she's just being a show-off, knowing I'm not supposed to touch. Just to be as much of a tease as possible, she walks right next to me to climb up on the table. On all fours, she quickly gets to work, starting to suck him off. But she didn't move the rest of her body, so she pointing her ass at me from a foot away. I can see her pussy lips glistening already, and I can almost taste her. Finally finishing her dare, she moves a leg over Andrew's head, pushing her wet pussy onto his mouth. All I can hear for the next few minutes is moaning and slurping. Honestly, although I was enjoying myself, I was a bit upset I couldn't join in.

Moving around a bit for a better view, I could see them both glancing at me frequently. After a few minutes, Shari stops the deepthroat and straightens up. Andrew stops a moment later and asks her what's going on. "Well," Shari says, "our friend here needs to get his turn at the game. We aren't done yet."

At this point, really not sure what to think, I mumble something I thought sounded like "OK."

Shari holds out her hand and asks me to help her down off the table; I guess this type of touching is legal under our agreement... But when she asks me to go with her into the bedroom down the hall, I don't know what to think. I look at Andrew, and he nods, saying "No, it's not what are thinking – go right ahead."

Shari is already halfway down the hall, so I quickly follow her, my eyes never leaving the view of her ass. Turning to go into the room, she looks at me grinning, knowing exactly where my eyes have been. She leads me to the dresser, and starts going through the drawers, obviously looking for something but having no luck at all. I walk up next to her asking "Can I help? It would help if I knew what you were looking for."

"I'm trying to find that one dildo, I know it was around here somewhere before. Why don't you look over there?"

Seeing her point to the closet, I start looking around, but I'm not finding anything either. I do come across a travel bag, and put it aside, but she tells me to look in it. I'm now really staring to wonder why she doesn't know where she puts her dildos – most women know exactly where they are. Well, I do open the bag, but all that's in there is a video camera and a tripod. I turn around to tell her, but she has already moved on, and was now standing in the doorway to the bathroom and holding the dildo she was looking for, and she now saw what I found in the bag.

She grins at me and says "why don't you bring that along too – wasn't that part of your fantasy?"

We come back out to the table, and find it's been cleaned up. No more cards all over the table, and no more piles of clothes. There are a few more shots lined up though. Good thing too – with the extra blood pumping the past few minutes, we don't wanna loose our buzz. Two rounds of shots right away make sure we are going to keep that.

Andrew sees the camera and smiles as he knows right away what is going on. Shari gives me an easy one. "Dare – you must set up the camera to record us. Andrew and I both didn't do our dare properly, so our punishment is to allow us to be recorded – we have never done that."

Well hell ya, I can do that! I get the camera set up in no time flat, I don't want to miss any of this. I get the camera going, get the view set right, and hit the record button. Once they see the red light, Shari pulls me in front of the lens. Leaning heavily on me, I can feel her turn to put one breast on my arm and pull me towards her. On the count of '3' we all take a shot for the camera to see. Shari looks at me and looks at both of them.

"Hey, something is wrong here. We're naked and you aren't. I think we would be more comfortable if you had nothing on too." I didn't bother to ask if it was a dare or an order, I just really no longer cared – so off came everything.

Shari seemed to be enjoying the view while I stripped, her eyes didn't leave my body once, and I caught her licking her lips while she stared at my cock. Snapping out of it, she turned to Andrew. "Hey handsome, go back into the bathroom in there. I saw a bottle of oil that you should bring out." He nods and goes – and once his back is turned, Shari turns to me with a sly grin. "He's going to be in there for a minute before he finds it. Shhh, don't say anything."

Saying that, she came over, bent over at the waist, and with one hand grabbed my cock and shoved it into her mouth, and the other hand pulled mine down and put it on one breast. Somehow, my other hand moved all by itself and found it's way to her ass, my middle finger found her soaking wet pussy, and it was suddenly all the way inside her. I couldn't believe this! This wasn't supposed to happen, but there is NO WAY I was going to break our deal. I only got about 20 seconds of a tease before she stood up and wiped her mouth. Grinning, she said "you should really make that cock relax, I doesn't want my husb... uhhh... Andrew to notice."

Andrew comes back with the oil just as I get myself under control. He gets a handful of oil and lubes up the dildo, making it look like he's jacking off the rubber dick. Shari is liking that, so she gets on her knees in front of him and puts his cock in her mouth. Once he's hard, she starts stroking him, and tells him to keep hand-fucking the dildo.

"Wait," she says, "get back on that table, lover."

He goes around her, and sits back down on the table. Shari pushes him back a bit and tells him to lay down again. Now he's back on his back, the same as before. My cock was rubbing the back of her throat just moments before, and now his was at the same place. The same thought must have occurred to her also – as she was sucking him, she moved so her ass was pointing directly towards me. I could see her rubbing her pussy, but she stopped and wagged her middle finger at me, then it disappeared as she put it inside of her.

Suddenly, she stopped and stood up. "I need more!" she said. She told him to get up, and they traded places. She lay so that her head hung down off the table. He walked around and stood in front of her face, leaning down a little, and started rubbing his cock around her lips. She followed his movement and hungrily latched on to his manhood. Stroking it with her hand, she bobbed her head slowly, taking him as far in as she could.  I could see a lump appearing in her throat, knowing just how far inside her mouth he was explained the look of pure pleasure on his face.

She stopped moving, but he needed more. Her breasts were right in front of him, and he grabbed both of them for traction, squeezing them together, kneading them and pinching her rock-hard nipples. His hips started thrusting, fucking her in the face. 

A few minutes later, he climbed back up on the table and turned around, getting back into the 69 position. As they fucked each other with their mouths, I got the camera moving, taking close-up shots of the action. They both seemed to intensify their movements when they saw they were the stars of the moment.

As I was moving around for another shot, Shari stopped what she was doing and commented "hey babe, our visitor is definitely enjoying the view – he can't hide that!"

She smiled that sly smile up at me again and went back to licking and sucking – but staring at my cock the whole time. Andrew's head was buried between her smooth thighs, having a conversation of his own with her pussy. Shari leaned her head around for a moment, looked over to make sure he could see nothing, and went back to work on his dick, but with a free hand, she reached out and started stroking me.

The camera was already set down watching her head, so when she pulled my cock towards her, I had to follow, getting the whole thing recorded. For a minute or two, which seemed like only seconds, I know I was recording their oral fixations, while at the same time recording me getting a hand job from the beautiful woman giving a blowjob.

She motioned me to stay where I was, and she took her mouth off of him, and started moaning, and stroking his cock. Since her hand was still on my cock, she just pulled me closer, then started sucking my cock. I couldn't believe this!

As good as this was, I couldn't let myself continue – I had to stop or the whole evening would be ruined. The deal was 'no touching' but obviously Shari didn't mind, but I was sure Andrew would not approve, no matter how drunk he was. I backed away, getting a confused look from Shari in the process, but moved back to the camera.

Shari took the opportunity to ask me to hand the dildo to Andrew. As I picked it up, it seemed like it was quite life-like, and about the same size as my cock. I wasn't about to compare it, but just handed it off. Andrew took it, happy to give his tongue a break. He waited while I got the camera ready for the close-up. Turning the vibrate function on slow, he rubbed the tip of the rubber cock around on her clit, briefly moving it to go inside her, but just the tip.

We could hear her moaning around his cock as the effects started to hit her. With her pussy soaking wet, and lots of oil on the rubber dick, it had no problem getting inside of her. He slowly moved it in and out of her, going just a touch further each time. Before long, it bottomed out, and she twitched as it rubbed on her cervix, making her moan even more. Full stroke in, then all the way out, building up the rhythm, we could see her anticipate the next touch.

He stopped for just a moment, long enough to start rubbing her clit with his thumb. He drove it deep inside her and left it, turning up the tempo. It was driving her crazy! This was driving me crazy too! If I wasn't careful, I could cum just by listening to her moan. Suddenly, I saw her body tense up, and she started breathing heavy around his cock. She pushed him out of her mouth so she could breathe.

He slowly pulled it out of her while he turned it off, but still moved it up and down over her soaking-wet pussy, making sure to "accidentally" go too far and rub her asshole a tiny bit. It made her squirm even more, her ass cheeks quivering while she struggled to regain her composure. Every time it touched her overly-sensitive clit, she jumped a little and let out a little squeal.

"I didn't mean to cum so fast, but I couldn't help it" Shari panted. "Just give me a second. I'm not even close to done yet."

Shari got down off of the table, and quickly fell down in the closest chair, her legs obviously shaking. Andrew, his voice shaking a little bit, said "we should move this to the bedroom, I don't know if I can handle this table any more."

Shari immediately agreed, and they both looked at me – but it didn't matter to me, I was just running the camera... We all got up and headed into the bedroom, but once we got there, Shari realized that we had forgotten the dildo and oil.

"Hey Andrew, could you please go get the boyfriend and his assistant? I think the bottle is under the table."

Once he left the room, Shari walked up behind me and grabbed my ass with both hands, squeezing to get a good feel. She whispered "you will know when the time is right, but you will be fucking me within 5 minutes. Just wait, and do it quietly."

When Andrew came back into the room, I had the camera ready by the corner of the bed to catch the angle, and Shari was lying spread-eagle waiting for her man. He had though ahead and brought another round of drinks, but he was so drunk he looked like he couldn't handle another one. We all had the shot, but Andrew looked like he was about done – even Shari could see it. "Honey, are you allright? You look like you're about ready to pass out."

"No, I'm fine"' he replied "but just in case, how about if I lay down and you get on top of me?"

That was fine with her, as long as she could get a cock inside of her. He scooted down on the bed so that his knees bent down over the end of the bed, and she got on her feet, squatting down on him. Shari grabbed his hands for support, and lowered herself slowly, taking him inside of her inch by inch.

She settled all the way down, grinding her ass onto him, taking in all she could. Starting to move faster she started bouncing up and down on his cock. The view from the camera was awesome! It was like being on-site for a porn film – well, wait, isn't this what it was? He was thrusting up inside her, her breasts were bouncing like she was on a trampoline, and the smell of sex was pungent in the air. Once again, I could have almost cum just watching and listening!

Shari started slowing down. She moaned something about not wanting to cum yet, I'm not sure exactly what it was, I was too busy fucking her with my eyes. Settling down on him, she looked at me and asked me to get the dildo for her, so I did. As I stood there holding the rubber cock, I thought again how closely it resembled my own cock. With the view I had, my cock was hard as a rock, so I held up the toy cock next to my own – it was the same.

She leaned forward on Andrew, and whispered something to him. He slurred something back at her, I have no idea what though. She looked at me and said "he says he doesn't mind if you use the dildo to play with my ass. No touching though." And she ended that with a wink. Then she looked down to the twin dicks I was holding and grinned really wide.

I guess I had my "approval" and my chance was here! My mind started doing flips and a million thoughts ran through my mind. Looking at Andrew, I could tell that the only thing keeping him going now was 'whiskey dick' and he was otherwise not there. I couldn't believe it. He moved a bit, ending up with his legs closer together. I got the oil bottle, and stroked up the dildo, and turned it on to low. Once she started moving her pussy around on his cock, I started rubbing her sphincter; and I couldn't help noticing how her body shook. Shari started moaning more, rocking back onto the dildo and his cock. Here was my chance! My hands were still coated in oil, so I rubbed the dildo on her taint, but got a finger tip into her ass.

Holy crap did she start moving around! I don't think she had ever done this before, she was so tight and she was moving so much. My other hand was rubbing it's oil onto my cock at the same time. Holding the vibrating dildo directly under my cock, I leaned forward and eased the head of my cock into her. The pressure, the vibrations, and the moaning was almost more than I could handle, but I did my best to control it. Shari kept moving her body, and it kept the cock in her pussy, but also moved the engorged head of my cock into her button.
