 Jim and I went out for a couple drinks before driving to your place. Jim is a shy guy, and young too, so I wanted to make sure he lost some of his inhibitions before I got him by your place. I had told him you had invited us over, and also told him (in guy-language) that there will be some ***** to **** after dinner. He pretended to express disgust at a 3-some, but he still agreed to come, I knew we were all set.

You open the door, and I want to watch Jim to see his reaction, but I can't take my eyes off you.

You look beautiful, with your hair all set, a nervous, shy smile on your face. You are wearing a sleeveless tank top, and your breasts look bigger than they ever did, your cleavage deep enough for the largest cock to disappear in.

My eyes go down to your legs, as I look at them, I think about the night when they were wrapped around me, and my hands were stroking them and my tongue was licking them. Your shorts are so tight, when you turn around I manage to watch Jim staring at your ass, and I have to stare too - your tank top ends above your shorts, and your red thong is showing too.

I am ready to jump you right there, but I know Jim and you are nervous and need to be worked on a bit.

As we all sit down, I feet a pang of jealousy as you and Jim hit off well, and are smiling and flirting with each other.

After some wine and starters, you run off upstairs to your bedroom, and after waiting for a minute I come upstairs too.

I have been trying to not get too cozy with you so far, so as not to turn Jim off, but now I cannot control myself, and hold you tight as I see you. We kiss each other madly, I am so hard now, and I can tell you are wet down there too, you cannot wait for some cock inside you.

I ask you just to confirm, and you tell me you are ready for this.

We go down one-by-one, then I go into the bathroom - I ask for a magazine before going, hinting I'll be gone for a while.

I go upstairs, pretending to use the upstairs bathroom, but I sneak back down the stairs after a while.

When I look down, I like what I see. There is music playing, the smell of nice food is drifting, there is wine on the table, and Jim is sitting back, enjoying a kiss from you.

I see Jim sit back on the corner of the sofa, while you are beside him, but leaning on him, lightly kissing his lips. Your arms are around his shoulders, while his gently hold your shoulders.

Soon the two of you are kissing more passionately, and his hands are travelling down your arms, and you have put on of your legs on his lap. Then you take hold of one of his arms and place it on your thighs.

Soon, his hand is rubbing your sexy, fleshy legs, ending up near your ass, trying to get inside your tight shorts.

I decide that things have been set into non-reversible progress, and that I want to be part of this.

I come down and sit down beside you. This doesn't affect any of the proceedings - which is good - you are leaning more into Jim now, and he is stroking your leg, his hand then reaching up to your ass. He grabs your ass with his strong hand and pulls you closer.

Your hands are now touching his arms, and unbuttoning his shirt. After a few buttons your hand goes in and feels his chest. You like his chest muscles and his flat abs. You haven't touched such a young and strong guy in ages.

You want to feel his cock next, but you feel my hands on you now. I am closer to you, behind you now, and my hands are on your waist. Your thong strap sits over your shorts, so I run my hands over them, and then pull up on the straps, so your thong runs deeper into your ass crack and pussy.

Your pussy lips are swollen from the excitement, and as I pull on your thong, it disappears inside your pussy lips. I let go, and then lift your tank top a little, and push my hands inside the front, taking the cup off your breasts from below, and I cup your breasts.

They feel so good in my hands, your soft, big, beautiful breasts. I love to hold them. I squeeze them, then pinch your nipples gently.

Even as I touch your body, you are kissing Jim and slowly you move more in front of him, till you are straddling his lap, your legs on each side of him. You are now bending down to kiss him.

Now both of his hands are stroking your legs, meeting up at your ass to squeeze it. Jim loves the feel of your fleshy and big ass, squeezing the abundant fat and even slapping it.

I get behind you and yank off your tank top. You pause your kissing and lift your hands up in the air to help me take off the tank top.

Jim looks up at you. As I lift up your tank top, your free breasts come into his view, and then he sees them hanging right in front of him. They shake and bounce a little bit, and are defenseless as your hands are up in the air and the tank top is around your head, blinding you for a moment.

Jim waits however, till you are free of your top, and then looks into your eyes. You look at him and smile. You gently shake your breasts in front of him, letting them jiggle and bounce. Then gently you lean forward, till one of them is right in front of him lips.

Jim treats then gently at first. He sticks out his tongue and licks around the nipples, in a circular fashion. You offer the other one, and he does the same. His hands are on your hips now.

Meanwhile, I reach around and unhook your shorts, my hands touch Jim's, and he removes them, and gently holds your breasts.

He lifts them up a little, placing your breasts in his palm. He is surprised by their heaviness, and suddenly gets quite turned on. Now he is attacking your breasts, squeezing them, kneading them, pulling on your nipples, sucking on them, trying to suck as much of your breasts as he can, licking your chest between them.

You are lost in his kisses and licks, and you hold on to his head tight, burying it in your cleavage.

Meanwhile I have managed to unhook your shorts and pull them down a little. I need your help in bringing your legs together so they can come down, they are so tight.

You are busy though, and after my relentless tugging you give in and get up, taking it off yourself, before you quickly go back to Jim and kiss him, tearing off his shirt in a hurry.

I take off my own shirt and then go on my knees between Jims spread legs, so my face is behind your ass.

Your ass looks so beautiful in that red thong, I just go in and run my tongue through your ass crack over the thong material. You spread your legs wider for me, and I go down below your crotch, licking your pussy lips, the thong material stretched and having gone in between the lips, rubbing your clit hard.

You moan loudly now, as you kiss Jim, now you want to see his cock badly - you have finally been feeling it beneath his jeans.

You unbutton him and he lifts his ass as you pull down his jeans and underwear. I help by pulling it off completely.

Jim is sitting on your sofa completely naked now, as you look down on him, in your red thongs, the dampness on it completely apparent to all of us.

I take off all my clothes too, and Jim helps you get out of the thong.

Your pussy is out in the open now, and Jim look at it, putting a hand out and rubbing your pussy lips. You stop everything you are doing, frozen as you are - with Jim's hand rubbing your pussy, you have lost control over everything - you are in seventh heaven now, unconcerned with anything but that feeling - you moan loudly, and I am surprised by your sounds - you have never moaned so loudly with me - you are really turned on now.

Jim is rubbing you harder now, inserting one finger inside you - his cock that came out in the open just now remains untouched by you. But as you get closer to your orgasm, you feel dizzy and think you'll fall off - you reach out and grab his cock - as soon as you do this I see his cock throb violently and hear him let out a loud moan - your touch has sent a wave of pleasure through his body.

You fist him tight as an orgasm builds up and unleashes itself on your body, it's intensity surprising you.

You hold on to his cock as you come, and I come up behind you, gently stroking your shoulders as the orgasm dies down and you still shake in its after-effect.

Jim needs some attention now, and you get off him, going to your knees in front of his spread legs.

His cock is standing up erect, and his balls rest on your sofa. Your hands run down his chest and then you lower yourself on his thick cock.

You lick his pre-cum off his head, and then with your tongue you spread it all around. Then with one thrust, you gulp down all of it till it disappears completely inside your mouth.

Jim has perhaps not been with a girl that can devour his whole cock, so he is shocked and lets out a loud moan and grunts.

His cock is hitting the back of your throat, and I don't know if he'll last long.

Looking at you suck cock, while looking into the eyes of Jim, and then looking into my eyes really turns me on. Your breasts rest on the sofa, and your beautiful body from the side makes me hard.

I come up behind you and lift your ass up. From down on your knees you stand up, spreading your legs, while bending down to suck Jim's cock.

Jim cannot help but say "Wow", as he sees your breast hanging in the air in front of him, while you bend all the way down to suck him. You hold his hands, which are resting on the sofa on his sides.

I go on my knees now, so my face is behind your ass. I run both my hands up and down your legs, and bury my face in your pussy, licking the wetness and cum running down your inner thighs.

Before long you are moaning, and I am ready to stretch your pussy for the first time today. I stand up, and position my cock over your pussy. I let it slide in, deeper and deeper, but you don't pause for a second as you continue to suck Jim.

Soon I am pounding you hard from behind, as I watch you suck Jim. Your outstretched ass in front of me turns me on - I hold on to your ass cheeks, squeezing them as I fuck you. What a sweet ass you have - and your pussy is such a warm and soft heaven.

I slap into your ass with each stroke, but you hold on strong, not letting your sucking get affected.

Jim is ready to explode now - you know it from the way his cock throbs inside your mouth. You fondle his balls, and he goes all quiet and his body tenses up.

You pull out and start stroking him with your fist. He holds on to your wrist as he starts to cum, and his first load shoots out straight, hitting you in the face. I am about to cum too now, as Jim cums and cums, his cum now sliding down his cock and all over your hands. As his orgasm dies down, he holds your wrist tight, stopping you from stroking it anymore. You feel his cock throb with each pulse, and then sense my cock in your pussy about to explode too.

Jim is still grunting, and I start to grunt too, as your pussy grips me tight. I am deep inside your body now, ready to cum, but I sense your body tense up too.

You hold on to Jim's slippery and wet cock tight once again, as the two of us cum together, my cock deep inside your beautiful body, my hands resting on your fleshy ass.

We moan and grunt in unison, till we are done, and then crash on the sofa together.

We get up one by one to wash up, and then come back to finish our wine and dinner.

After you went up to wash - you came down wearing a thin nightie, with nothing underneath. We have dinner and more wine, and then we move outside, on the deck, to smoke some cigars and look at the moonlit forest behind the house.

I pull you near me and take you in my arms. You look so sexy in that nightie, your cleavage lit up by the moon, and your legs still so warm to the touch.

We kiss and my hands lift your nightie, as I feel your soft ass, and the crease it makes with your upper thighs.

Jim comes up behind you and starts fondling your ass now, as my hands move up your hips and grab you by the waist.

Jim and I help you out of your nightie, and you stand all naked between us, kissing and holding me.

Then you feel Jim's warm cock on your ass cheeks. Your hands reach behind, while still kissing me and touch Jim's cock. He moans as you do that, and then your hands reach behind and grab his ass, pulling it even closer to you, his cock now buried in your ass crack.

All this while you are still kissing me, but now you turn back and order him to lie down on the deck, throwing a few seat cushions so he can lie down on them.

As he lies down on his back, you straddle him, but with your face towards his feet.

For the first time today, Jim's cock goes inside your body, as you sit down on his cock. You are surprised by how his thickness makes you feel different. You moan loudly as it reaches fully inside you.

I go down on my knees in front of you and kiss you. Jim spreads his legs so I can fit in between them.

You pull up just a little bit, allowing Jim to thrust up and start fucking your pussy now. His thick cock stretches your pussy like never before, and you close your eyes to enjoy the fucking. Your hand reaches down and fondles Jim's balls for a while, then you use it to rub your own pussy, trying to stimulate your clit.

Meanwhile I bend down to suck your breasts, but they are juggling and bouncing wildly, Jim is stroking you so hard.

Your hand now reaches out and grabs my cock - you pull it towards me and whisper loudly in my ear - "Lick my fucking pussy JB - lick it".

I quickly go down as much as I can, and hold Jim's thighs to slow him down, then take my tongue out to lick your clit, as he slowly strokes you.

With one man fucking your pussy from below, and the other licking it at the same time, you are in bliss, waves of pleasure flow through your body.

I see your outstretched pussy from close, and am surprised at how tightly it is gripping Jim's cock.

You are so horny right now, I know one cock is not enough for you. I ask you to turn around, so you face Jim now, with him still inside you, and then I bend you down, pushing your face down, till it is close to Jim's.

Jim and you kiss each other, while I straddle Jim too, and hold your ass cheeks with my hands.

I pull your ass cheeks apart, and then position my cock over your pussy lips.

With Jim's cock still inside you, I push in. Your pussy will not stretch anymore, but I ask you to relax your muscles, and keep pushing, till your pussy is accepting me inside too.

Soon I am in, and you scream as you feel two cocks inside you, rubbing and stretching your pussy everywhere inside.

Both of us now stroke you, slowly at first, then faster, but with short strokes. Your pussy juices mingle with our pre-cum and make it tight but slippery. I feel Jim's cock throb inside you, as I fuck you now.

You just hang in there and try to enjoy this moment of two guys fucking your pussy at the same time. Jim and I fuck and fuck you till you can take it no more, and in the still of the night you let out a scream as you cum.

Jim and I take turns, as you now come to each of us and suck and jerk us off, using your expert tongue and hand, surprising Jim with your expert technique.

After Jim leaves, we go to your bed, and I make love to you one last time, slow and gentle, drawing out another orgasm from you. I watch you go into deep sleep before I get up to go take a hot shower and smoke another cigar outside ...