 He was going to share her tonight. The thought made his cock thicken in anticipation. It had long been a fantasy of his – to see her abandon herself to all the pleasures that more than one person could bring her. She had always given herself over so completely to sex with him that he was sure that more hands, more mouths, more tongues would only push her higher. He remembered the first time he had mentioned it to her. She had been tied to the bed and he had been teasing her with the vibrator... arousing her to the point of orgasm and then backing off... over and over... She had been squirming and whimpering with need when he had leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Imagine your nipples are being sucked as I am doing this. Two tongues teasing them to hard points while I play with your pussy." Her eyes had widened at the thought and she had drawn a sharp breath. He had continued to describe all the various ways in which she would be used to pleasure both men and women until she had screamed and thrashed and cum repeatedly in long shuddering waves.

The memories caused his cock to thicken further and he stroked it lightly enjoying the sensation of feeling it come alive. Yes, he thought, tonight that fantasy would come true for both of them. He heard the shower shut off and looked into the steamy bathroom through the open door. A bare leg emerged from the wispy cloud and poised on the edge of the tub. Her toes were pointed and her foot arched as she balanced and leaned over to dry her leg. Her breasts brushed against her thigh as she did so and the sight was so excruciatingly beautiful that he felt a sharp jolt of desire course through his body. His hand tightened on his fully engorged cock and he had to suppress an audible moan. He watched, mesmerized, as she dried her leg and then stepped out of the tub and perched the other one on the edge to dry it. Her back was to him and her exquisite ass, especially when she leaned over, seemed to be beckoning to him like an almost irresistible siren song. His hand was moving up and down his shaft in long strokes and he suddenly realized that if he did not stop he was going to cum. With an effort, he stilled his hand but continued to hold his pulsing cock tightly. She moved the towel over her body... patting... rubbing... caressing, it seemed to him... herself in a very careful and methodical way. When she raised her arms to dry her hair, her breasts were thrust forward and his mouth watered at the sight of her nipples. She brushed her hair and walked naked into the bedroom.

He was lying on the bed watching her. She looked at him, with his cock in his hand, and her eyes sparkled with the first light of desire. He let her enjoy the sight of his arousal for a few moments then rose from the bed and walked to stand in front of her. She waited hands at her sides, for his command. "On your knees," he told her. Without hesitation she knelt before him. His cock was just inches from her face but she made no move toward it. He took her face in his hands and raised it so that he could look into her eyes. "Suck it until I cum in your mouth," he said. He pushed the swollen head against her lips and moaned aloud when she parted them and took him into her mouth. With his hands on her head, he began to thrust his hips sliding his cock in and out while she held it with one hand and gently kneaded his balls with the other one. He knew that he was going to cum fast this time, but he wanted to be able to last later so that he could thoroughly enjoy the fulfillment of the fantasy. 

Her lips and tongue teased him mercilessly and he groaned deeply when his orgasm hit him and he filled her eager mouth with his hot cum. She sucked hungrily at him and tried frantically to swallow as much as she could but some escaped her lips and slid down her chin and dripped onto her breasts. He shuddered and shook and held her head tightly in his hands as he emptied himself into her mouth. When the tremors finally subsided he opened his eyes and smiled down at her. She held his wet cock in one hand and licked the cum off her lips and was happy that she had pleased him. 

He helped her to stand and took her in his arms and kissed her deeply and passionately. Her body, already aroused from sucking him, responded immediately and her nipples stiffened against his chest. He slipped one hand between her thighs and his fingers easily slid through the wetness they found there. She moaned and pressed her body tighter to his and wiggled her hips to try and capture the probing fingers. But he teasingly moved them away and she fought to resist the urge to grab his hand and keep it there. Instead she let him lead her to the bed.

He moved her so that she was lying on the bed then raised her arms above her head and secured the restraints to her wrists. Again, her breasts her thrust out and he paused to touch them lightly and stroked the nipples with his fingertips. She moaned softly and he could sense the growing arousal that was suffusing her body. He moved to her feet and took one of them in his hand. She had such delicate feet with softly curved arches and small, but perfect, toes. He lifted her foot to his mouth and kissed each toe individually. She squirmed but did not try to pull away from him. He ran his fingers over the top of her foot and up her ankle then slid his tongue over her toes from the little one to the big one, which he then took into his mouth and sucked. She gasped and jerked her leg, but he held her firmly and indulged his desire to enjoy her toes. When he was ready, he lay her leg down on the bed and secured the restraint to her ankle. He then did the same to the other leg and stepped back to look at her. It was a breathtakingly erotic sight. She lay spread-eagle, secured helplessly to the bed, and flushed with an arousal that was making the tops of her breasts darken into a blush. It was as if he could see the desire lurking just beneath the surface of her skin.

The doorbell rang and he knew they had arrived. She looked at him. He could see the questioning look on her face, but he said nothing, merely smiled and put on a robe. He paused at the door and looked back her. She started to speak but he stopped her with a finger to his lips. "It is okay, my dear. Trust me." With those words, he left her alone... naked and tied to the bed. As he went down the stairs he imagined how her mind must be racing right now. He could almost see her straining against her binds and the thought caused his pulse to quicken. Stirrings of arousal were beginning again beneath his robe. He opened the front door and welcomed the couple into the house. They were clearly trying to appear calm, but he could feel the arousal that enveloped them like a small cloud. He moved into the cloud to kiss her on the lips and felt her body shaking. He then led them up the stairs and to the bedroom.

He entered first and she turned her head to look at him from where she lay on the bed. There was relief in her eyes at his return that quickly changed to surprise when she saw the man and woman who followed him into the room. The woman gasped when she saw her tied to the bed and clutched the man's arm. He smiled again watching the reaction of the other three people to the situation that they presently found themselves in. He knew that she was feeling embarrassed at being so exposed to strangers. He knew, too, that the restraints on her wrists and ankles were reminding her of her vulnerability at that moment. But he also knew that those feelings were being pushed aside by an excitement that was taking possession of her body. He could see it in the way her nipples stiffened and grew in size... in the way her hips twitched involuntarily... in flush that grew deeper and spread over more of her skin. He could also smell a trace of her scent and knew that she was growing wetter between her outstretched legs. 

The couple stood next to the bed, uncertain of what to do until he nodded reassuringly and moved to the side of the room. He removed the robe and sat naked in the chair to watch the scene unfold. The man and the woman began to kiss and remove one another's clothing until they were both naked as well. Four people – him in the chair, her tied to the bed, the couple standing next to it – were all nude now and the air was thick with tension. The man and woman looked at her, then at him again and when he nodded his approval, they moved onto the bed on either side of her. The woman moved so that her full breasts brushed against hers and the man placed his hand on her thigh and began to stroke it. She pulled against the restraints and quivered with excitement. The woman leaned over and took a nipple into her mouth and the man did the same to the other one. She moaned and pushed her breasts up against their faces. Each of them had a hand on her thigh now and they were moving in unison closer to her pussy. When their fingers met there and intertwined over her clit she gasped and jerked her hips. Together, the man and woman sucked her nipples and slid their fingers through her wetness. 

From the chair he watched silently as she descended into the pleasure. It was overtaking her now and she was surrendering to it without restraint. The binds that held her physically were freeing her sexually. It was a process that never ceased to amaze and arouse him. Already, his cock was growing again. He watched as it uncoiled and filled with the blood that was being pumped into it. It felt so good to be hard and erect. He took it in his hand and pumped slowly as his eyes returned to what was happening on the bed. 

The woman, who had been brushing her breasts across her face, began to move down her body, kissing her way over her stomach to her mound. She knelt there and lowered her head to taste the sweet pussy that was straining to reach her mouth. As she did so, the man moved behind her and began to rub his hard cock over her ass. She moved her hips against him and sighed deeply when he slid it into her own hungering pussy. With long sure strokes he began fucking her as she licked at the pussy of the woman tied and squirming on the bed. 

His hand moved slightly faster as he watched the three of them. She was going to cum soon; he could recognize the signs. The woman's tongue, being pushed deeper into her pussy by the man fucking her, was going to push her over the edge. He also sensed that the other woman was nearing the brink as well. His cock pulsed in anticipation of seeing the two of them cum at the same time. The thought had no more formed itself in his mind when he heard the beginnings of the scream he knew and loved so well. Her orgasm was hitting her and she strained, almost violently, against her restraints. The man thrust faster into the kneeling woman and she too began to cry out, although it was muffled, as an orgasm shook through her body. The sounds of the two women blended together and filled the room with a symphony of ecstasy.

When it was clear that the peak had passed, he rose from the chair and walked to the side of the bed. The man, who remarkably had not cum, withdrew from the kneeling woman and rose to stand on the other side of the bed. His cock was wet and shiny. The woman rose, somewhat shakily and went to sit in the chair to recover. He looked down at her trembling on the bed. She was looking at him closely, clearly wondering what was next, but also clearly trusting him. He leaned over to remove her restraints and gently rubbed her wrists and ankles to restore circulation. He could tell from the indentations in her skin that her orgasm had been a powerful one and that she had pulled hard against the leather straps. 

He indicated that he wanted her to sit up on the edge of the bed then he nodded at the man to move around to the same side and stand beside him. She did as he wanted and found herself staring at two very hard cocks just inches from her face. "I want you to suck them both," he told her. Swallowing hard, she reached to take one in each hand. One was still wet with the juices of the other woman and her hand slipped easily up and down its length. Licking her lips, she leaned forward and tasted the wetness. Then she turned and licked him. She looked up at him and he nodded. She brought the two cocks together until the heads were touching and then closed her lips over them both as best she could. Each man placed a hand on the back of her head and urged her with their moans to take them as deeply as possible. She swirled her tongue around both swollen heads and was rewarded with the salty taste of precum. It mingled with the taste of the other woman and she felt a whole new lust building inside her. Her pussy began to clinch and twitch and she hoped that the other woman might come over and lick it again. 

Both men alternated thrusting their cocks into her mouth for a while, then he moved away and so did the other man. She was extremely aroused and it was clear they were too. He got onto the bed behind her and lay on his back. "Get on top of me," he told her. She moved her body over his, swinging her leg over his hips. Her pussy was stretched open and aching but she waited for him to put his hands on her hips and guide them down so that his cock pushed up into her. As she settled down on it, they both moaned. She hung her breasts into his face and he sucked and chewed on her nipples. He moved his hips to thrust up into her, moving her with his hands. She sat up and pushed herself down as tightly as she could on him. She moaned again when she felt hands slide around her from behind to grasp her breasts. They were soft hands and she felt soft lips on the back of her neck and realized it was the other woman. She could feel the hard nipples against her back. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes and gave herself over to the feeling of the soft lips, the soft hands, the stiff nipples, and the hard cock buried deep inside her pussy.

He watched and smiled as she lost herself in the pleasure and moved inside her slowly. Then he pulled her toward him again and held her there. He nodded and the other man knelt behind her and began applying the lubricant to her ass. She started at the touch, but he held her close and whispered soothingly into her ear. He could feel her trembling but knew it was as much from excitement as apprehension. The man rubbed the gel all around her tight opening and tentatively pushed a finger against it making her moan. He then applied some to his cock and moved so it was pressing there. Slowly he pushed until the head was inside. He paused for a moment then pushed more and soon his entire cock was in her ass. 

She was moaning uncontrollably now. The feeling of the two hard cocks inside her was unlike anything she had ever experienced before and an orgasm began building that she knew was going to be blinding in its intensity. He held her against his chest and thrust into her pussy as the other man thrust into her ass. He could feel the man's cock against his own through the thin membrane inside her and he had to admit it was exciting him tremendously. The two men fell into a rythmn in which one of them thrust in as the other was pulling back so that she was subjected to a constant thrusting that was taking her to a place where she was certain she would simply dissolve into ecstasy. Suddenly it was upon her and she screamed and the world disappeared in a shattering crash and orgasm after orgasm shuddered through her. Hearing and feeling her cumming was too much for the two men and with shouts and groans they both thrust into her as hard as they could and filled her with their cum. Three bodies shook and trembled with the combined force of the orgasms that overtook them. Their cries were joined by those of the other woman who was frantically pumping her fingers in and out of her own pussy and cumming while she watched.

For several moments the three people who were joined lay breathing heavily against one another. She could feel the warm wetness of the two men seeping from her and she squirmed a bit to savor the feeling of the two cocks still inside her. But they were softening and when the one in her ass slipped out she couldn't help but be surprised by the emptiness she felt. He turned her face to his and kissed her tenderly letting his lips linger on hers, sucking at the passion that was still there. The other couple was also embracing and they all tried to catch their breath, but each of them knew that this night of sharing was not yet over. More fantasies awaited and soon they would begin again... 

Copyright by The Gentle Man, 2002