 "Great game, man! You were on fire!"

"Those pitches were lit, bro!"

"Dude! You rocked!"

After pitching a no-hitter and scoring three home runs, it seemed like everyone wanted to congratulate Wayde on his performance. Since the game had been against the rival college XSU, it was the the most important game of the whole season to much of the campus.

Normally he would have been chill with it. He was a people person and it's not like he didn't like attention. The problem was that Coach Mackenzie had given the whole team the most hellish training ever: no sex for a week.

"Yeah, thanks. It wasn't just me though, the whole team had my back. We did it together. And never woulda made it that far without the coach." He said for the umpteenth time as he got into the elevator.

He couldn't argue with the results; on that third home run, he'd actually shattered the wooden bat. But all he wanted right now was to get up to his dorm and jack off in the shower. He didn't even need any porn. His balls had been so sensitive that he couldn't stop thinking perverted thoughts.

The whole week had been absolute torture. It was hard enough for any guy to stop fapping for a week, but Wayde had a whole other set of problems. It seemed like all the hottest girls on campus had decided he belonged with them, and none of them had been shy about making it known. Resisting the urge to fuck any of the girls who were dropping hints, leaning forward to give him peeks down their blouse or bending over to show how fuckable their asses were...it was exhausting!

But finally, he was free.

He got off on the top floor, down the hallway...and right into Jessica and Ashley standing outside his door..

Jessica was his Math tutor, while Ashley helped him out in History. It wasn't that Wayde was in any danger of failing, really, but as the star of the baseball and lacrosse team, he was the college's golden goose and they went all out to make sure there wasn't any chance his grades would be a problem. 

"Congrats on the win!" Jessica said with a bright smile. She was short, barely over five feet tall, looking almost childlike next to Wayde's broad, heavily muscled 6'10" frame. Her shiny black hair done up in pigtails, the splash of freckles across her face, and her young, innocent face with those big brown eyes magnified by her thick glasses didn't help dispel the feeling either. No one would mistake her for a child with the way she filled out that turtleneck sweater though, her breasts pushed up and away from her chest, requiring a ton of support from her bra.

"You did okay." If Jessica was the ideal girl next door, then Ashley was the girl you didn't bring home to mother. Messy, feathery, electric blue hair, a dragon tattoo curling around her bicep, dark, heavy makeup, she looked like she'd rather hang out in a biker gang's bar than tutor in History. She was wearing the tightest black leather pants he could remember and even with the leather half-jacket she had on, he could tell she had almost as busty a chest as Jessica. With the heel heavy-duty black boots she was wearing, Jessica only came up to her chin. Then again, Ashley only came up to his chin.

"Hey, thanks. Appreciate that. But if you two are here for tutoring, think it can wait till tomorrow? That game took a lot out of me and..." He stifled a fake yawn behind his hand, "Hoo...I am tired. I just want to go and get a nearly night's sleep, y'know?"

Jessica licked her lips, "Oh, we're not here for tutoring, Wayde." Her cheeks flushed red, she pulled up her sweater, lifting her breasts up higher and higher slowly till they dropped, bouncing in front of his wide eyes.

Ashley unbuttoned her leather jacket, showed him that she wasn't wearing anything underneath, that she had a roses and thorns tattoo around her left breast, and that both nipples were pierced by silver bars, "Yeah. We thought with you acing your tests lately, winning the game...you deserve a reward."

His mouth fell open and his eyes went wide, struggling to go crosseyed so he could appreciate all four heavenly orbs at once, "...you know, maybe I'll stay up just a bit longer. Why don't you two come on in after all?"

Inside was the nicest room on the floor. Two bedrooms-he used the extra one to hold his weights and other exercise equipment-a large living room attached to a smaller kitchen, and its own bathroom. The couch was extra large, had been a real bitch getting up the stairs, but it was times like these that Wayde appreciated the extra leg room.

"You two make yourselves comfortable. Want a beer or anything before we...?" He turned around, saw that they were both already naked before the door even shut behind them. Jessica was completely hairless, while Ashley had a little fluffy heart shape shaved over her slit. Ashley also had a few more interesting tattoos curling around her hips that he wanted to see more of.

"Beer can wait then." He stepped forward and grabbed both girls in his arms, lifting them off the floor like they weighed nothing and carrying them to the couch, dropping back onto it, depositing them on either side of himself.

"God, these fucking muscles." Ashley hugged his arm, started rubbing herself against them, her breasts smooshed against his hard flesh, "Are you sure you're not really a greek god in a pisspoor disguise?"

"Wayde's arms are nice, but the muscle I really want..." Jessica straddled his thigh, nuzzled his neck, and began to rub the stiffening bulge in his pants, "...is this one. I've been wanting it inside me ever since we first sat down together."

He wasn't about to argue with either of them, "Glad you like. And was hoping you'd help me take care of it."

He unbuttoned his pants, the straining pressure alone enough to unzip them as his cock rose up, already hard and shining with precum. Both girls took in a deep breath as the smell hit them.

"It's...woah..." For once Ashley was at a loss for words, put into awe.

"Oh my god...it's bigger than my forearm...!" Jessica was just excited, her eyes going wide as her fingers were running up and down it, "Fuck...! Is that even going to be able to fit inside of me?!" The tiny girl squealed with anticipation.

"In my experience, you'll be fine. You two just need to do a good job getting it nice and slippery." 

"Us two? Bit of an ego, much?" Ashley said with a raised eyebrow. That didn't stop her from kneeling down in front of him next to Jessica though, their faces so close he could feel their hot breath on the head of his cock.

"It's okay, sir. I know that just me wouldn't be enough for you." Jessica said as she grabbed his cock in her delicate fingers and began to slide her tongue around the head of his cock, "A cock like this needs teamwork."

"Hmph..." Ashley didn't argue, just nuzzled against his balls, sucking, licking, and kissing them like a pro.

Both girls were fingering their own pussy as they worked, but Wayde had a better idea, "Since I can't possibly pick between the two of you, let's have a little contest. First to fingerbang the other into cumming is the first to get my cock inside of cunt."

Their eyes lit up.

"You're on!" Ashley said, her competitive spirit flaring up.

"I'll do my best, sir." Jessica said, not wanting to lose.

They crossed their arms between each other, began to rub between the other's thighs while still doing their best to worship his cock. Their efforts were incredible, making him feel like he'd dipped it into a boiling pot of pleasure, overheating and ready to just explode. If he'd not just spent the whole week training himself to resist his urges he'd had covered both their faces in his cum by now.

"Just...mmm...cum...already, slut." Ashley demanded, her high-pitched tone making it come out like begging instead.

"Nooo...I want him inside me...wanted it so long..." Jessica resisted.

From the way both their hips were gyrating and the sloppy moans they were making around his cock, he could tell this contest wouldn't last long.

"Come on, girls. You can do it. It'd be so sexy to see you two cumming as you get me off." He put his broad palms on top of both their heads, gently pushed the two of them closer around his cock, gave them both a firm, dominant squeeze.

Ashley jerked, cried out, "Nnngh...oh god...no fair...touching me like that...it's not...oh god...I'm cumming!" 

Ashley's body shivered as she tried and failed to hold back her orgasm, Jessica joining in before she was halfway through. Their moans mixed together as they clung to his legs for support, their mouths drooling messes.

"No fair...he made me cum...I love headpats." Ashley said sullenly. 

"All's fair in love and war." Jessica said with a smile of satisfaction.

"And we're all friends here. You two did a great job working together." He pushed their heads side to side, grabbed their hair to hold them their, then started stroking himself with one hand, "So let me give you your reward."

The first blast hit Jessica squarely in the chest, a long, thick rope of hot viscous cum that splashed on impact, painting a dripping line over her round tits. The next one was for Ashley, slicing across her neck as well as her chest, then another for her face. Another for Jessica's face, and by that time his cock was still dribbling cum, a week's work of frustration not nearly sated.

Ashley took the initiative, sucking on his tip, working her tongue to get every drop, and Wayde just leaned back into the couch and savored it.

"Hoo...goddamn. I needed that." He looked at the two cum-soaked cuties, "Why don't you two clean each other off. It'll get me ready for round two faster."

Knowing that round two meant him stretching out her tight cunny, Jessica was only too eager to comply, "Yes, sir!"

The two started licking each other's faces, slurping up his cum like it was their favorite treat in the world. Jessica reached around and squeezed Ashley's ass while Ashley returned the favor groping Jessica's huge breasts before scraping off Wayde's cum and sucking it off of her fingers.

"Sho good..." She slurred, as if she could get drunk on his cum alone.

Jessica suckled on Ashley's pierced nipple, teasing it while she licked up the cum, making Ashley moan even more, "The best. I love the taste sooo much!"

With that kind of action going on at his feet, it didn't take long for Wayde's cock to rise up again, "Alright. Come here." He lifted Jessica up off the floor and into his lap, his mammoth cock squeezed between their bellies.

"So...big..." Jessica whispered in awe.

"You can do it. Trust me." He said as he fingered her pussy, managing to slide two broad digits inside. She was incredibly tight, but leaking enough juice that even a giant cock like his could fit. With a bit of effort.

He raised her up, rubbing her slit against the head of his cock, then lined her up and let gravity work its magic, pushing against her. It was slow for the first few inches as she did her best to lower herself, but with a gasp she lost the strength in her thighs and swallowed the whole length to the hilt, hugging his body tightly.

"So big...so full...so big...!!" She said, her voice panicking. He was a little worried, until she raised her head up to look into his eyes and he saw how excited she was, "It's so big!"

Slowly at first but picking up speed, she started to bounce her ass on his lap, punctuating her moans of delight with outbursts of "Fuck me!", "God yes!", "Love you!", "Thank you sir!", and the like.

Ashley was watching on the couch, touching herself, biting down on her lip as she patiently waited her own turn. She might try and act tough, but he knew she was a sweetheart deep down. Good girls deserved rewards.

"C'mere, Ash." With his powerful arms, he had no problem lifting her up over him, letting her straddle his face, wrap her juicy thighs around his head.

"Woah, wait, what're you...unnnghh...don't stop...oh god...you're a god, don't stop!" Ashley grabbed onto his hair and held on for dear life as she felt his tongue slip inside of her. It was long, thick, but most of all powerful, penetrating her more powerfully than any cock or toy she'd ever had, strong enough to make it feel like he could support her whole weight with it alone as it moved in a steady, fast pattern that was making her thighs tremble and shake.

With a cock and tongue like that, it didn't take even two minutes for both girls to cum again, but he didn't stop there, kept going.

"Oh god...stop, you're going to break me!" Ashely cried, bent over with her arms wrapped around his head.

"Unnngh...!" Jessica was reduced to needy grunts as her orgasms from his hard pounding turned her mind to mush.

"Almost...good girls. Here it comes!" He went back to licking as he started to cum again, flooding Jessica's womb as Ashley's juices squirted down his chin.

He gently brought Ashley back down to the couch cushions as Jessica scooted over to the other side of him. Without being told, Jessica leaned down to start licking up her juices and his cum from his still half-erect cock, "That was the best...I've never felt so good in my whole life, sir. Can I...can I feel your tongue inside me next?"

Ashley joined Jessica in cleaning his cock with her tongue, "Unnf...this thing is too big...I want it inside me too. Please, sir."

"Relax, girls. We've got all night and I'm not going anywhere. And there's nothing to get in our way either, so—" 

As if on queue, there was knocking on his door.

"Wayde...? Wayde, are you in there?" He recognized the voice as Cindy. Tall, blonde, blue eyes, a chest that was so big they'd had to get her a new cheerleading uniform, a bubbly delight.

"Congrats on the big game!" Mandy. The freshmen cheerleader looked close enough to Cindy that many thought they were sisters. She stood a few inches shorter, was just a little more petite, but that just made the big tits on her chest stand out all the more.

"We came here to see if you needed...anything at all~!" Cindy said in a singsong voice.

"We want to fuck!" Mandy clarified, before both broke out into giggles behind the door.

Under normal circumstances the thought of those two working together to satisfy his cock was the thing of dreams. But looking down at the two adorable cuties already worshipping his cock, he hesitated for the briefest of moments.

"It's okay, Sir." Jessica said as she swallowed the head of his cock and twirled her tongue.

"Yeah. You deserve it, you stud." Ashley agreed as she rang her mouth along the side of his shaft, before calling out, "Come on in! The door ain't unlocked!"

The two cheerleaders came in, both dressed in their uniforms. Or well, they were technically cheerleading uniforms, but if they showed up to a game dressed in them, they'd be thrown out. The skirts were so short that Wayde could see that neither was wearing panties while the top had so little fabric hanging over their breasts that the edges of their pink areolae were peeking out.

"Wow, looks like we're late to the party." Cindy remarked as she and Mandy made their way around the couch to stand in front of him.

"Wow, looks like that monster cock is too much for these nerds though~" Mandy followed up. 

It was partly true. Jessica was still feeling cuddle hungry and exhausted after riding his cock for so long, and Ashley was in little better condition. Ashley smirked, "That's what you two sluts are here for, right? Give our man a cheer."

"That's the right kind of attitude! In that case, give me a C!" Cindy brightly cheered.

"Give me an O!" Mandy shook her breasts side to side, fantastic replacements for pom poms.

"Give me another C!" Cindy joined in, hopping up and down so that her breasts were completely exposed.

"And a K!" Mandy spun on her foot, popped her ass out towards him

"What's that spell?" They said together as they smashed their chests into one another, squeezing them tight.

"Cock! We want your cock! Give us your cock!" Cindy lifted Mandy's skirt and grabbed her ass while Mandy put her hands on the back of Cindy's head and pulled her in for a passionate, sloppy wet kiss, "Please please please, give us your cock...!"

Licking their lips, they turned around to see if their little performance was going to be persuasive enough for Wayde.

"Oh hell yes. Girls, we're just getting started!"

With two more women still on the way, he had no idea how true that was.