 Jackie had blown me in the back of our SUV until I couldn't take it anymore. Then, I went down on her to return the favor. The SUV quickly proved too uncomfortable, so we moved back inside. Reliving the little tryst from the night before had been hot. However, we needed more space. We made it as far as the sectional sofa in the family room. Two hours later, we were curled up, cuddling, both of us satiated, for the time being.

"Did she suck your cock better than I do?" Jackie asked as she idly stroked my flaccid cock.

"She was very aggressive and really got into deep throating me," I said, honestly. "But, it wasn't better, it was just different."

"Yeah, she told me that she loves deep throating," Jackie admitted.

"So, how was it sucking Fred's cock? That was the first strange cock in your mouth in at least twenty years, right?" At least I sure as hell hoped it was.

"That you know of," she said, teasing me. She winked, then added, "I'm kidding. Of course, it was the first one. It was, like you said, different. I'm still a bit fuzzy, but I remember Fred kept pushing my head down. I got irritated at first, but" she hesitated, blushing profusely.

"But you liked it?" I asked.

"Yeah, I did. You never push me to take more than I am ready to handle. You respect me too much for that, which I love. But, Fred just wanted what he wanted and made me do it. That was hot in a way I've never felt before. It was scary and turned me on at the same time."

"Yeah, you were moaning when he did that," I explained.

"I was?" she blushed even stronger, turning bright red. "Oh god, I can't look at Fred normally now. I'm so embarrassed."

"Meh," I said, "I wouldn't worry about it or bring it up. If Fred and Maria don't talk about it, we don't talk about it. Deal?"

She smiled and shook her head, "Okay, that sounds fine."

"By the way, you were deep throating Fred," I told her.

"I know," she agreed, "that's why I tried to do it for you out in the SUV now, but you're a lot bigger than Fred is. It's not as easy."

"Really?" I asked with a shit-eating grin on my face. "I'm bigger?"

She grinned, "Yeah, much. But, don't be so cocky."

"Of course not!" I said, pretending not to feel like the King of the World at the moment. Neither of us spoke for a few minutes. We just seemed to be in our heads, grinning and smirking.

"So," Jackie said.

"So," I repeated.

"I'm hungry," she continued, changing the subject, "let's go to the new breakfast place. I hear they have great food."

"Sounds like a great idea," I said. With that, we got up, got showered and drove the mile to the nearby shopping center, where the new restaurant had opened about a week before. Hopefully, this one will last longer than the five previous restaurants that had occupied the spot.

There was a line out the door and down the sidewalk of the strip mall. That was a good sign. We went inside to check on the length of the wait and put our name on the list. The hostess told us it was a two-hour wait. We decided to pass and were heading to the door when we heard a familiar voice that stopped us in our tracks.

"Hey, Jim! Jackie!" It was Fred.

We turned around. Maria and Fred were waving at us. "We just got a table. Come and join us!"

Jackie and I shared a look. We were starving, and we knew we would have to face seeing them sooner or later. She shrugged. I nodded. We walked in and joined them. I was nervous, and Jackie looked terrified.

Fred hugged Jackie and offered her a seat. Maria hugged her as she sat down. I shook hands with Fred and smiled a greeting to Maria, who just smiled back.

"How did you guys feel this morning?" Maria asked as she took a sip of coffee.

"I was fine, but Jackie had a bit of a rough time. Thank Goodness this place serves breakfast until three."

"Oh, did you have a hangover," Maria asked Jackie.

"You could call it that," she chuckled, "I swore off drinking, forever."

"Again," asked Fred, laughing, "Don't you do that at least once a quarter?"

"This time I mean it, no more alcohol," Jackie said crossing herself.

Just then the waitress came up, "Can I get you guys a drink? We have endless mimosas for twelve dollars."

"Oh, I'll have that!" Jackie said right away. Everyone laughed, then we all got mimosas.

So far, everything seemed perfectly reasonable. Maybe, they didn't remember what had happened in the Uber.

"So," Fred started, "we're thinking of heading out to The Colony tonight. There's a great Kiss cover band playing at Lava Cantina. You guys want to go with us? I know its two nights out in a row, but it's Kiss, we wouldn't want to see them without you guys."

I glanced at Jackie, and she raised her eyebrows briefly, with a slight grin on her face. "Sure," she said, "let's order an Uber again, that worked out well last night."

I choked on my coffee. Nobody seemed to notice.

So, breakfast passed uneventfully. We talked a little about our night out, but nobody brought up the blowjobs or gave any sign that they had even happened. Several mimosas and a stack of pancakes later, we said our goodbyes and agreed to meet up at our house around six thirty for a cocktail. 

When we got home, Jackie nearly attacked me as we came inside. She knelt on the floor of the kitchen and unbuckled my pants, pulling my cock and started sucking me. "Damn," I said, "did seeing Fred get you all turned on?" I was kidding, but she moaned with her mouth around my cock. She pulled it out of her mouth to answer me.

"Not exactly, but thinking about sucking his cock and Maria sucking yours did," she admitted. "Is that okay?" 

"Shit yeah," I said, "if the result is you get turned on again and we start having sex this often? I'm all for it."

She smiled and took me back in her mouth. I was fully erect, and she sucked me aggressively. "Is this how Maria did it?" she asked, breathlessly. 

"Sluttier," I said, lying. It wasn't all that slutty.

Jacking nodded and attacked my cock, forcing herself down, trying to deep throat me. I put my hand on the back of my wife's head and pushed her down harder, shoving my cock into her throat. She groaned.

"Is that how Fred fucked your mouth?" I asked.

She pulled off my cock and licked it up and down, saying, "He did it harder. He knew how to fuck my mouth." She was trying to turn me on and goad me into doing it rougher. It worked.

She took me back in again, and I grabbed her head and pushed down hard, thrusting into her mouth. She moaned and started rubbing her pussy through her panties. I growled and started fucking her face.

She nodded and moaned louder, looking into my eyes. My fat cock filled her mouth, and she was making slurping noises as I forced it in and out of her throat. She had her hand in her panties and was fingering her pussy hard, rubbing her clit back and forth rapidly. I could tell by the pitch of her voice and the way her hips were shaking she was close.

I shoved my cock into her throat and started cumming. She was screaming around my cock as her orgasm hit her. We came together, me shooting my sperm down her throat, her swallowing rapidly and bucking her hips as she rode the wave of pleasure.

My knees almost gave out, and I grabbed onto the island to hold myself up. As our orgasms slowly died down, she slid her mouth off my shaft and smiled up at me. "Ok, that was way better than with Fred," she said breathlessly. I leaned down and kissed her on the mouth. She was shocked as I never wanted to kiss her after she sucked my cock.

I smiled back and said, "And you were way better than Maria."

She smiled and kissed me hard.

We decided that if we were going out again, we should take a nap. So, we headed upstairs and climbed into bed, cuddling each other lovingly. When woke up, it was already getting dark. Fred and Maria would be at our house in little more than an hour. Knowing Jackie, she would barely have enough time to get ready. I only needed ten minutes.

We jumped in the shower. I was so tempted to start something, but I knew how Jackie would react. She didn't like it when I did that if she was in a hurry. I didn't want to start out negatively, so I just admired her body in the shower and washed, like a good boy.

I got dressed quickly, in jeans and a long sleeve shirt, untucked and the sleeves turned up. I put on a pair of cowboy boots, and I was good to go. I splashed on a little cologne for extra measures. I excused myself and went downstairs while Jackie got ready. I turned on some college football and cracked open an IPA.

About forty-five minutes later, Jackie came downstairs, and when I saw her, I nearly choked on my beer.

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed as I took her in, "You look fucking hot!"

She was beaming at my compliment. She stood in front of the TV, a move which generally would piss me off. However, tonight, I just turned the TV off and gave her my undivided attention. She dressed like the sexiest rock-and-roll groupie you had ever seen, straight out of the late 70's or early 80s.

She was wearing a short black micro-mini skirt, covered with black sequins that sparkled all over when she moved. She had on a black and red lace bustier that lifted her tits up and pressed them together. It was like a corset and bra combined, but the bra was lacey and see through. To provide some degree of modesty, she had a short leather jacket on that covered both boobs but left the center wide open for a great view of her cleavage.

To complement it all she had on a pair of wicked looking fishnet stockings that I remembered from a Rocky Horror Picture Show costume she once wore for Halloween. Last, she wore an extremely tall pair of black come-fuck-me heels. 

She'd done her makeup garishly, with heavy black eyeliner, black lipstick and black nail polish on her fingers and toes. Her hair was teased up and doused with massive amounts of hairspray. The entire look made her resemble something out of a Lita Ford rock video.

"Holy, shit!" I said again as she spun around.

"Well, it is a Kiss cover band, so I wanted to dress up," she explained, "How do I look?"

"Like I want to fuck your brains out right now!," I said, reaching out to grab her. She let me pull her into a hug, but refused to kiss me.

"Don't mess up my makeup!" she complained. "Wait until you see Maria, she dressed up too. We're going as groupies."

"So, does that mean you're going to try to fuck the band members?" I asked, playfully teasing her.

"Oh, now that's an idea," she said winking, "but, I think we'd have to blow a few roadies to get backstage."

"Well, you certainly are good enough at sucking cock for that," I said, grabbing her ass.

She slapped my hands and pushed me away. "Make me a drink," she demanded.

Reluctantly, I pulled away, with a sigh. "Oh, what do you want, wine?"

"No, we're drinking tequila tonight," Jackie said with a wicked grin.

I hesitated, "But tequila makes you wild. You sure you want to go there after last night's hangover?"

"Shut up and make me a drink!" she pointed into the kitchen, "Tequila Sunrise, now!"

"Damn, that's a groupie costume, not a Dominatrix," I told her, laughing as I went to make her cocktail.

"Make one for Maria, too," she told me, "They're walking over now."

Two minutes later, the front door opened and Fred and Maria came in. Fred had dressed in jeans and a Tommy Bahama Hawaiian shirt. Maria was dressed to kill. She had on a big blonde wig, a red silk teddy that barely covered her boobs, matching red stockings and heels. Maria also had done her makeup to look like an 80's rockstar. When she got closer, I could see she had on a garter belt with suspenders holding up the stockings. Her boobs looked more ample than usual due to the push-up bra she was wearing under the teddy.

Fred was raving about Jackie's looks so much that I couldn't get a word in to compliment Maria. Instead, I focused on making the cocktails, then when I brought them over I let her know how hot she looked.

"Damn, Fred, you and I are going to be the envy of every man in the place with these two ladies on our arms tonight. Maria, you look smoking hot!"

She happily smiled as she took the Tequila Sunrise. "Thanks, Jim,"

I handed Fred an IPA, and we all raised our glasses in a toast. I put on Kiss Alive and cranked it up.

"You wanted the best, and you've got the best! The hottest band in the land: Kiss!" came the voice of the announcer as one of the best live albums ever made started playing.

We all got into the music, dancing around and exchanging stories about our first Kiss concert. Maria had never seen Kiss play live. Fred saw them once in the 80's for the Animalize tour. Jackie had only been to see them a couple of times with me in later years. I was the big Kiss fan in the group and had been to see them so many times. I couldn't count. My first time was for the Rock and Roll Over tour in like 1975 or 1976. My mother had taken me and waited outside in the car until the concert was over.

After we finished our drinks, I was going to order the Uber, but Fred told us that he'd gotten a card from the driver last night. He suggested we call him directly, instead of going through Uber. 

"He said he would take us for half price if we called him direct," Fred suggested. 

"Oh," I said, "well give me his number, and I'll call him."

"I already did, he's on his way. He'll be here in three minutes."

We all got ready and headed outside, just as the black Lincoln SUV pulled up to the curb. As we headed down the sidewalk and prepared to get in, Jackie spoke up, "Hey, I got a fun idea."

"What's that?" I asked, feeling ignorant. 

"Why don't for tonight, we switch our partners for our date. Fred, you'll be my date for tonight and Maria you'll be Jim's date. What do you guys think?"

Maria had a funny look on her face. "You mean like swingers and swapping and all that?"

Jackie blushed, "No! I mean just as our date for the night, like our escorts."

"Oh, ok," Maria replied, "That sounds fun."

I couldn't tell if she was disappointed or happy. So with that, Fred took Jackie's arm and helped her climb into the SUV for the second time in twenty-four hours. They got in the very back, just like last night. Maria and I got into the middle row, again, in the same seats as last night. I felt extremely awkward. Nobody else seemed concerned, so I decided to chill out.

The ride to the bar was shorter than I had expected. We laughed and talked the entire way. Stan, the driver, was prepared and played Kiss music for us the whole way. Nothing at all provocative happened with Maria on the way there. I was nervous and apprehensive about nothing. I sat sideways so that I could look in the back the entire time, too. I never saw anything unusual take place between Fred and Jackie, either. I was prepared to nip it in the bud if it had.

We arrived at Lava Cantina and piled out of the SUV. It was a sizeable live-music bar, with an impressive stage and two floors of restaurants and bars. We had reserved seats upstairs by the rail and made our way up to our table. At Jackie's insistence, we all had a shot of tequila. Following that, Fred and I switched to Old Fashions, and the girls ordered top-shelf margaritas.

To make sure we didn't get hammered rapidly, I ordered some appetizers and a steady supply of water for everyone. Shortly after we got settled, the first band came on. They were a Journey cover band that blew us all away. They were dead ringers for the originals. We knew all of the songs, as did apparently everyone in the audience, as we all sang along.

The drinks continued to flow. Maria sat next to me in chairs, and Jackie was next to Fred on a padded bench. The bench allowed them to sit very intimately and I noticed a lot of touching going on. Their thighs would often seem to rub together. When they spoke, Jackie would put her hand on Fred's arm or leg. I was getting jealous. Plus, Maria didn't seem to want to get close to me at all, which was fine by me.

Throughout the Journey set, Maria and Jackie would frequently get up and dance to the songs. They drew the stares of most of the men around us and a lot of the women. After about halfway through their show, the four of us were standing along the rail watching the stage, dancing and singing along. Maria was to my left and Jackie to my right. Fred was on the other side of Jackie. I noticed Fred had his arm around Jackie, with his hand on her hip. She saw me staring at his hand, and she smiled at me, then kissed my cheek. She took my arm and put it around Maria and said, "She's your date! Act like it!"

To be honest, I was not really into it. I didn't like the suggestion Jackie had made. After what happened last night, I thought it was playing with fire. I was afraid Fred and Maria might get the wrong idea, and things could get weird again. But, as the drinks kept coming, I started to relax. The music was terrific, and we were having fun.

Fred was behind Jacking, his arms around her hips, locked around her waist. She was leaning back into him as the band sang of all things, Faithfully. They were swaying back and forth to the music, and his crotch was pressed tightly to my wife's ass.

I had my arm around Maria, and we were swaying too, but I was keeping it PG, for sure.

That was the finale for the Journey tribute band, and when the intermission started, the girls excused themselves to go to the ladies room. Fred and I ordered another round of drinks and sat at the table staring at each other.

"Dude, what's bothering you? Are you not okay with Jackie's suggestion?" Fred asked me as we fired up a couple of cigars.

"I don't know," I said, noncommittally, "I was just looking forward to quality time with my wife, tonight."

He gave me a concerned look, "You know it's purely platonic, right? We're not doing anything."

I didn't know, not really. I mean I realized that just last night, Jackie had been sucking on his cock and he had instigated it by fondling her in the car. That said I could not trust him. Why the fuck had he thought it was ok to play with her tits and get inside her bra? The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. What kind of friend does that with his buddy's wife?

I assumed Fred didn't know that I knew about the blowjob. I also doubted that he knew his wife had sucked my cock in the seat in front of him on the ride home. He was acting innocent like he wasn't a predator trying to fuck my wife.

"Yeah," I lied, "I know. It's not that. It's just that I'm not comfortable with the whole, switching partners thing."

"Well, then let's stop it. No need for you to get upset."

"I'm not upset."

"You look upset."

"I'm not upset."

"You sound upset."

"Fred, buddy, I'm not upset, but if you keep telling me I'm upset, I'm going to get upset." I could feel my blood pressure rising.

I was getting drunk, and I didn't like it. That was the last thing I wanted to do. So, I drank a tall glass of water and ordered refills. I also switched to non-alcoholic beer but didn't tell anybody. I pulled the waitress aside and told her to bring it in a glass, but not tell anybody what it was. She understood and winked.

The girls seemed to be taking forever to get back. Fred and I sat in awkward silence, watching football on the twenty-foot television screen on the nearby wall. Several more minutes passed. The Kiss tribute band was in the last steps of preparing to go on. The girls were not back. I tried to call Jackie, but it went to voicemail. Fred called Maria, and it went to voicemail, too.

"I wonder what's taking so long," I said, "Maybe I should go look for them."

"Yeah, ok," Fred answered, "I'll wait here. If they come back, I'll call you."

I nodded and got up. I wandered the entire upper patio, but the girls weren't there. I went downstairs, and as I was walking through the spacious interior bar, I saw them seated in a booth with three men. When I walked up, Jackie was laughing about something, sitting between two of the men. Maria was across from her, seated on the inside with the third guy between her and the restaurant. 
