 It had been a long, hot day. We'd spent it out and about since about seven in the morning. We started at the balloon festival, and then we'd gone to the outlet mall and spent several grueling hours shopping. Finally, we had met a group of neighbors at a local restaurant for dinner and drinks.

Fortunately, we took Uber there. As frequently happens, we drank a lot. My wife, Jackie and I were feeling no pain by the time it came to leave. As we were standing outside, Fred, splurged and got a more expensive Uber Black. When it arrived, we started piling in. My wife, Jackie, climbed in back. I began to get in, but Fred laughed and jumped in back with her. I didn't think anything of it. We'd lived next to each other for over twenty years and got along like family. That kind of horsing around was commonplace and safe as we all knew it meant nothing and would go nowhere. 

I helped Fred's wife Maria in. She sat in the 2nd row and slid across. She waved her arms, gesturing for me to get in and sit next to her. I couldn't tell who was drunker, Maria or my wife. Both of them were slurring their words and had been staggering around while we waited for the SUV. I climbed in, laughing and acting silly. I sat down, and Maria pulled me closer, then held onto my arm and leaned her head on my shoulder. "Good night," she said, "wake me when we get there."

"Maybe we should have ordered tequila shots," Fred said, laughing loudly. "That way we might get lucky tonight." We'd often joked that both Jackie and Maria get horny when they drink tequila. Instead, tonight the girls had been drinking wine and cosmopolitans. My wife was very petite, at just a smidgen over five feet and barely a hundred pounds. She was a lightweight and would get pretty drunk after two glasses of wine. She'd had three cosmos and four or five glasses of wine. We were lucky she was still awake.

Maria was taller, at 5' 7" tall and 135 pounds, she could handle her booze better. Unfortunately, she also drank a lot more. I wasn't tracking how much Maria drank, but it was enough to have her slumped in her seat, leaning against me. I assumed she was out for the duration of the ride back.

The first couple of minutes of the ride were pretty boisterous, but soon it all died down. We had about a forty-five-minute ride home, and I think the long day, coupled with the alcohol was taking its toll. Maria was asleep, and I was lightly dozing. From the sounds coming from the back seat, I assumed Jackie was out cold, and Fred was sawing logs, too.

About ten minutes into the ride, I heard a muffled sound from behind me, and I glanced back. Fred was turned sideways in the seat, leaning back against the side of the SUV. One leg was laying in the chair; the other was on the floorboard. Jackie was lying between his legs, head on his chest. He had his arms around her, and they were both sleeping soundly. I grinned, again, not thinking anything untoward was going on. I turned back around and closed my eyes.

Maria moved slightly, and her arm went around my waist, gripping my shirt in her hand to hold on. She seemed to drifter deeper into sleep, and her hand let go and slid down to land on my crotch. It was laying right on my cock. I had on on very thin, white linen, beach-style pants and, as usual, no underwear. The only thing between her hand and my dick was a think layer of cloth.

I tried not to think about it. I was just getting used to Maria's hand being there when it moved. Her fingers opened, and my cock pressed against the flat of her hand. "Oh, sheesh," I thought. I felt it starting to grow erect. I tried to concentrate on things like the news, my work, dead puppies. That all went out the window when her hand moved again and he fingers curled closed, right around the shaft of my dick. She held it firmly in her hand.

Was that an accident? Maybe some involuntary reaction, her muscles just doing what seemed natural, not realizing it was my cock she was gripping. I was getting harder and growing more and more uncomfortable. I was about to pull her hand off when she started moving he arm up and down slowly.

Dear God, I thought, she was jacking my dick!

I sat perfectly still. What should I do? Her movement was languid and could have been like sleep-walking, except she was sleep jacking. I reached down, felt her hand and gently pulled it off my cock. Just as she let go, she slapped at my hand, then grabbed back on my cock, gave it three quick squeezes then started jacking me, a little faster and more firmly than before. Ok, I realized, that can't be accidental or sleep-jacking. She had to know what she was doing.

While I was contemplating this, my cock had gotten fully erect, and she was jerking it very firmly. I was finding it hard to sit still. I looked at the Uber driver. He couldn't see anything. I turned my head slowly back, not wanting to peer all the way around. I strained my eyes, trying to look back and make sure they were both asleep. Maria continued jacking me.

What I saw made my breath catch.

Fred had his hand inside the top of Jackie's dress, which he had untied, exposing her bra. His fingers were inside the lacy fabric, toying with her bare nipple. She looked to be asleep. His eyes were closed, and he didn't see me looking. 

I considered speaking up and waking everyone up. Just then I felt Maria's hand move, and she started tugging at my zipper.

Oh, God, now what do I do? I was full on Commando. She tugged more, and the zipper gave away, sliding slowly down. She let it go and reached her hand inside my open fly, immediately finding my bare cock. She breathed in deeply and took me into her hands. She started Jacking me, cock naked in her hand.

I did my best not to react. I sat there, breathing slowly and pretending to be asleep. Maria pulled her hand, and my cock came out of my pants. She stroked it slowly up and down. She ran her fingers along the sensitive underside, then up and around the head. Her actions were obviously not some unconscious movement. Any pretense of that was long gone.

I was enjoying it far too much, but my brain was screaming at me to stop. Maybe Maria forgot that Fred had gotten in back. I could only assume she thought it was his cock she was pumping up and down with her fist. I was about to stop her, when she moved, letting her head slide down to lay in my lap. 

Fuck! What was she doing?!?

She opened her mouth and took my cock inside it. She sucked me, working her mouth slowly up and down, taking my erection deeper and deeper with each passing moment. I resisted the urgent need to moan or react in any vocal manner. 

I was sweating, and my hips were making involuntary movements. Maria slowly jacked the bottom half of my shaft while she sucked the upper portion, using her tongue to roll around and around it. I wanted to scream, to shout, to do something, but I sat there immobile, trying not to make a sound.

Maria moved her hand to massage my balls as her head pushed down even more. Suddenly I felt my cock driving into her throat. She held it there and just kind of rocked her head, fucking her mouth with my dick. I had my hand on her shoulder and squeezed it, gripping it tightly as I tensed. She sucked harder, knowing what was coming.

I took a deep breath and held it, shaking in little jerky spasms as my cum erupted from my cock into her mouth. She swallowed every drop that sprayed into her throat. My orgasm went on for a good thirty seconds before it died down. When it finally stopped, she sucked me a moment longer, then pulled her head up, letting my dick drop out.

She lifted up grinned at me, then turned to lean against the window. I tucked my cock back in my pants and zipped up slowly. I sat there wondering what the fuck had just happened. I mean I knew but was just in shock over it. She seemed to have gone back to sleep as if nothing had happened. 

After a few minutes, I found myself dozing off. I heard something that sounded almost like a soft whimper. I turned back and saw Jackie's head bobbing up and down slowly. Fred had a hand in her hair. I could not see his cock, but it was clear she was sucking it. As I watched, he pushed her head down and held it there as his body tensed and spasmed slightly. I heard her make a little moan, and she slowly raised her head. She started to look up, and I quickly lowered my head, closing my eyes.

A few minutes later the SUV pulled to stop in front of Fred and Maria's house. I roused everyone awake, and we climbed out slowly. We said our goodbyes and exchanged hugs. As we started to go to our respective homes, Maria said, "That was a great idea, we should Uber together often."

Jackie spoke up in response, "Oh, I agree, we totally should."