 Ted knew the unmistakable sounds coming from the bedroom as soon as he and his friend Alan walked into the house. Ted chuckled out loud, "Uh, sorry about um...well..."

"Well if nothing else she sounds like she's having fun." Alan said with a smile.

"Oh yes, she always has fun." Ted agrees knowing what Patti was doing. When wasn't this woman horny??? She loved to suck and fuck, anytime and any place. "I'll be right back." Ted said walking towards the bedroom.

Patti was in her own little world, a porno was on the tv screen, a woman getting pounded by her husband and his black friend. This was one of their favorite vids. The woman was on the bed on her hands and knees and taking her husband's cock deep in her mouth as his friend pounded her pussy from behind with his big black cock. "Take that black cock baby, feel him fucking you deep." the husband tells her. Patti was lying on the bed with her legs spread wide, rubbing her wet pussy with one hand and sucking a black dildo in and out of her mouth. Ted stood there and watched her as she slid two fingers inside of her pussy. She didn't know he was there, Ted reached down and stroked his cock through his jeans. Patti moaned around the cock in her mouth, sucking on the head. Fucking her wet slit with her fingers, she loved the feel of her wet pussy. She pulled the dildo out of her mouth and got it wet with her spit. She spread her pussy open and slowly pushed that black toy up her pussy. 

"Ummm." she moaned as she felt it opening her pussy. Damn, she did love to have a cock inside of her. She was lying with two pillows under her ass and her legs spread as far apart as she could get them. Pulling her legs back she pushed that black cock in deeper.

"Yeah, baby take that dick." Ted whispers to himself as she pulls the toy out and back in again. He had never knew a woman who loved to fuck as much as she did. She starts to fuck herself a little faster and deeper. Patti reaches for the lube and pours it all over her pussy and that toy as she fucks herself. The lube runs down between her legs, all over that toy. She closes the bottle and throws it onto the bed. The three people in the video are moaning and sucking and fucking. 

"I wish I had two cocks right now, one in my mouth and one in my pussy." Patti says as she holds that dick with both hands and she starts to fuck herself faster and harder. In and out that black cock fills her pussy, making her moan. She looks up and sees Ted standing in the door way, just watching her. 

"Don't stop." he tells her. "Enjoy yourself." 

Patti rams her pussy harder and deeper with that cock. She watches as he strokes his cock through his jeans. "Why don't you join me honey?" she asks him wanting to make herself cum. She hopes that Ted will join her so she can make him cum. She closes her eyes and continues to play. 

"Don't move." he tells her as he turns to go back into the living room.

Alan can hear Ted and Patti talking, he can just imagine what she is doing. He strokes his cock through his jeans. Ted walks back into the room, noticing Alan touching himself. "Uh, sorry I couldn't help myself she sounds so hot, moaning like that." Alan said feeling embarrassed that he got caught.

"Don't worry, you want to have some fun and we join her?" Ted asked, wondering if Alan liked guys too.

"Are you sure she's okay with that?" Alan asked, thinking he had only met Patti a couple of times before.

"She just said she wished she had two cocks." Ted told him, wanting to have some fun now. "I'd say we're just what she needs."

"Well, okay I guess it would be okay to have some fun." Alan agreed. "Uh, Ted do you like guys too?" Alan asked taking a chance. He really wanted to suck Ted's cock and have Ted suck him too.

"Yeah, I like sucking cock and getting sucked off by another guy, but only when Patti and I are together and we both can enjoy it." 

"Good, so do I." Alan admits feeling his cock starting to stir. "Nobody knows that I like to suck cock."

"Same here." Ted says leading Alan back to the bedroom. "Don't worry I won't tell."

Patti is moaning loudly and ramming that dildo into her pussy, she has already came twice but she wants more. Ted and Alan get undressed and walk over to the side of the bed and just watch her. Alan and Ted reach for each other's cocks, stroking them. 

"Yeah, nice." Alan says liking the way Ted strokes his dick. Patti looks over and notices Ted and Alan standing at the edge of the bed watching her as they play with each other.

Ted reaches for her tits, squeezing and pinching her hard nipples. "Somebody's horny." he tells her as she reaches for his hand.

"Always." she tells him as she takes the dildo out of her pussy and licks her wetness off of it. "I love to fuck baby."

"Oh I know you do baby girl." Ted says as Alan gets down on his knees and takes Ted's cock into his mouth. "Fuck!" Ted exclaims as Alan sucks the head of his cock.

"Feel good hon?" Patti asks as she watches Alan suck Ted's hardening cock.

"Yeah," Ted says as he leans over and takes her right nipple into his mouth gently sucking on it. 

"Mmmm." Alan moans around Ted's hard cock. He reaches up and strokes Ted's balls at the same time. "Taste so good."

"Yeah, suck his cock." Patti tells Alan as Ted bites her nipple gently tugging on it. "Ahhh, yes baby."

Ted reaches for the dildo and pushes it into her wet slit. He sure does love to watch that black cock spread her open. Now he wants to see the real thing. 

"You want the real thing honey?" Ted says gasping as Alan takes his cock all the way. "Suck my cock."

"Please?" she asks "I need to get fucked."

"Suck Alan's cock first baby." Ted tells her as he pulls away from Alan's mouth. "She gives the best head I have ever had." Ted says as Alan gets up.

Alan stands in front of her and strokes his big black cock, "Do it, suck it." he tells her as she reaches for his cock. Patti strokes his hard cock, wondering if she can swallow it all. She leans over and licks that big, hard black cock.

"Do it baby, show him how good a little cock sucker you are." Ted tells her wanting to watch her take that dick in her mouth.

Patti licks his big cock all over, from his balls to the head, she looks over at Ted and she takes the head into her mouth. "Mmm" she moans as she sucks it. 

It's one thing to watch her suck a black dildo but it is even better watching her taking a real black cock in and out of her mouth. "Suck it." Ted tells her as Alan stands there with his legs spread. "Swallow his black rod baby, take it deep." Ted tells her as he strokes his cock.

Always doing as she is told she takes a deep breath and swallows as much of that black cock as she can, gagging on it. She, takes it as deep as she can. Alan grabs the back of her head and pushes his cock a bit deeper into her wet mouth.

Patti gags so bad she has to pull away from him. "Easy with her." Ted tells Alan, knowing he wouldn't hurt her on purpose.

"Sorry." Alan says apologizing, he didn't mean to be so forceful with her.

"She does give good head." he comments as Patti licks his cock all over. In and out she takes that hard black cock into her mouth, getting used to how big it is. 

"I told you my baby girl was good." Ted says as he watches her sucking that cock as if she had never had one before. "Like that honey, like the taste of that black dick in your hot mouth?"

All she can do is nod her head yes and continue to suck. She is loving this, she is so horny she can't stand it. She needed to get fucked now!

"Up on the bed on your back." Ted orders her, she does as she is told. Ted was glad she had talked him into getting a Kingsized bed, so much easier to play and have fun. Ted reaches for two pillows and he slides them under her ass, elevating her crotch. He wants to watch every inch of Alan's big black dick going into her.

"I want to watch you fuck her." Ted tells Alan, "Fuck her and make her cum."

"I will do my best." Alan replies as he strokes his hard cock, Ted can see the precum on the tip of Alan's cock already. Ted would love to lick that. 

"Mmmm." Ted says as he bends over and licks the precum from the tip of Alan's cock. "Yummy."

Patti is lying there rubbing her pussy, she needed some dick. "Taste good huh baby?" She pulls her legs as far back as she can, wanting to open her pussy so Ted can see her take that big black cock.

"Oh yes taste great." Ted tells her as he slips two fingers deep inside of her wet pussy.

"Ummm." she moans as he fingers her, looking into her eyes. "I love you baby girl."

"I love you too." she tells him as he continues to finger fuck her.

Alan climbs up onto the bed, "She sure does have a pretty pussy." he tells her admiring her slit. He can see she had big pussy lips, nice meaty ones to suck on.

"She loves to have her pussy ate." Ted tells Alan.

"Well I LOVE to eat pussy, suck on some nice big pussy lips." Alan told Ted as he laid down on the bed between her spread legs. Wrapping his arms around the back of her legs he pulls her pussy close to his mouth.

"Do it, eat her out." Ted says as he moves to the head of the bed next to Patti. He reaches for her nipples and starts to tease them, pinching them as Alan slowly starts to lick the insides of her thighs with the tip of his tongue.

"Fuck, yes." she moans at the touch of Alan's tongue on her skin. "Lick that pussy."

Alan licks and sucks her pussy, flicking his tongue over her hard clit.

"Fuck yes!" she exclaims as he suddenly shoves two fingers in her pussy.

"Oh yeah, finger her while you suck that clit." Ted tells Alan as he bends over and takes Patti's right nipple into his mouth, he gently bites it feeling her tense up.

He could tell she was loving this, having her nipples sucked and her pussy ate at the same time. She really was a Slut, but she was HIS slut and he loved her for that. "Is that some good pussy eating baby?" he asked her as she pushed her pussy up into Alan's face. Alan, spread her pussy wide open as he started to tongue fuck her. Pushing his tongue deep into her hole. She was moaning, and jerking around, unable to lie still. God, Ted loved to watch her squirm and jerk around when she got her pussy ate. 

"Yeah, harder." she begged Alan to finger fuck her while he ate her pussy.

"Go ahead, you can get a bit rough with her." Ted said watching as Alan finger fucked her.He loved the sight of her pink pussy and Alan's black fingers deep inside of her. He was really wanting to see that black dick spread her tight pink pussy wide, watch him filling her up.

Alan began to finger fuck her faster and harder, sucking on her clit at the same time. 

"Suck on her clit a little hard she loves it like that, makes her cum." Ted told Alan as he leaned over Patti's face and fed her his hard cock.

"Mmmm." she said as she took Ted's hard cock into her mouth and sucked him deep and hard. She was so horny and she needed to cum so bad. Ted held her by the back of her head and fed her his cock. In and out of her hot wet, mouth. She took him as deep as she could. She loved when he fucked her mouth, she loved being his little slut, his whore. She held onto Ted as he fucked her mouth, in and out he shoved his cock into her face. She was loving it, sucking Ted's cock while Alan ate her pussy. 

The juices were pouring out of her snatch, Alan was lapping them up as fast as he could. He wanted to sink his hard dick into her pussy and see if she was as tight as Ted sais she was. She seemed to be pretty damn tight for an older woman.

She started to moan loudly around Ted's dick in her mouth.

"Fuck her." Ted said as he pulled his cock from her mouth. She hated to see it go, she loved sucking him. 

Alan got up onto his knees and bent over her, stroking his cock. Ted could see the precum leaking from the tip of Alan's cock.

Ted got off of the bed and got the video camera as close as he could. He wanted to film that big hard, black cock opening up her pussy. He wanted to be able to watch it over and over again.

Alan reached up and spread her pussy open with one hand as he guided his dick to her slit. He gently slid the head of his cock into her pink pussy. The black cock spread her open, Ted was getting it all. 

"Ummmm." Patti grunted as she felt the big head of his cock entering her. "More." she said, wanting him to fill her up. Alan slowly pushed his cock into her, in and out until her had all of his cock inside of her. Ted was loving this, seeing his woman taking a big black cock in her pussy and she was loving it. Alan started to fuck her harder and faster, pushing her legs as far back as he could. 

Ted put the camera on the tripod and joined them on the bed. "Is that cock good baby?" he asked her as he kneeled next to Alan.

"Oh yes, so good." she answered, she loved to get fucked. She was hoping this wouldn't be the last time they saw Alan. She was moaning, and begging to be fucked harder. She was so close, she wanted to cum.

"Do it make her cum, pound her pussy." Ted told Alan as he could tell she was going to cum soon. "Don't cum inside of her, that's mine." he said not wanting another man filling her pussy with their cum. 

"Ahhh, yes, oh fuck gonna cum." she moaned loudly, reaching for her clit, rubbing herself hard. Alan was pounding into her, hard. He was doing his best not to cum in her. Her pussy was still tight even after the hard pounding he had gave her. He was going to have to pull out of her or he would cum inside of her.

Alan quickly pulled out of her and Ted took his place. Ted shoved his hard cock inside of her, she felt so good. It was really a turn on knowing his black friend had just fucked her. He leaned over her and pounded her slit. She grabbed him by his arms and wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him into her even deeper. "FUCK ME! Pound my pussy baby, make me cum!" she begged him.

Alan needed some relief too, he stood on the bed and looked at Ted. "Suck my cock." Alan straddled Patti so that Ted could get to his cock. Alan held his cock in his hand and Ted took it into his mouth. Licking it, tasting her juices all over it. "Mmm." it tasted so good, he wanted Alan to feed him his hot cum, he wanted to swallow his cum as Patti came on his dick.

Alan grabbed the back of Ted's head and held him down on his cock, fucking his mouth like a pussy. Ted was still pounding away at her pussy. Patti was in heaven getting fucked by the man she loved and watching him suck a big black cock. 

"Suck my dick." Alan tells him as Ted sucks that cock, taking it as deep as he can. "Yeah, just like that."

In and out of his mouth Ted takes that dick, as he fucks Patti. He wants to make her cum at the same time Alan cums. He would really love if they all could cum at the same time. He was getting close too, he could feel his balls start to tighten and his cock start to throb. He pulls away from Alan for a minute to catch his breath. 

Patti was in another world, he could tell she was close too. She was rubbing her clit and her hand was soaked with her wetness. Alan was stroking his cock, maybe next time he would bring his twin brother. Ted continued to fuck her, hard and fast and deep. He had loved watching Alan's black dick fucking her, and he had gotten it all on camera. 

Ted reached for Alan's cock again. Licking and stroking his hard cock, loving the way it felt in his hand and especially in his mouth. He sure did love to suck cock now. He finally understood why Patti loved to suck cock so much. It was a very big turn on. Not just the watching but the participating. Taking Alan's cock back into his mouth Ted sucked him hard and deep, wanting to taste and feel him cumming in his mouth.

"Oh yeah baby suck that black cock, make him cum." she begged Ted as he fucked her. 

All Ted could do was moan around the cock in his mouth, feeling it getting harder, throbbing knowing it was going to explode soon. He could feel her tensing up, she was ready to cum he could feel her pussy tightening down on his dick. OMG! He loved to make her cum, feel her pussy throbbing as she cums. 

She can't lie still, she is thrashing on the bed, ready to cum. "Gonna cum, gonna cum." she tells Ted as her climax hits her. She grabs onto him holding him tightly as she cums. She lets out a loud moan, chanting over and over again, "cumming, cumming." Ted can't hold back any longer and he shoves his cock as deep inside of her as he can. Seeing this Alan grabs the back of Ted's head and holds him down on his cock as he feels his cock explode. Spurt after spurt of cum fills Ted's mouth. He swallows as much as he can. Alan pulls away from Ted and Ted bends down and kisses Patti deeply as they share Alan's cum.