 Sleeping late into the afternoon Jude and Annie eventually woke feeling hazy. Having blurred memories of last night's erotic adventure, neither one could fully comprehend the specifics. Sleepily gazing at one another, both Jude and Annie had smiles beaming across their faces. Before either one could speak, Jude, still turned on, got on top of Annie and they began making love. Despite their drunken exploration, this moment, was all about them.

The event was never specifically discussed as the couple got on with their daily routine. Usually Jude was quite a paranoid person. Prone to jealously and general neurotic behaviour, he was surprisingly calm. The only lingering thought in his mind was of how turned on he was during the threesome. Knowing that, their identities were protected behind the masquerade masks and that the stranger had equal anonymity, made the whole experience excitingly dreamlike. After making love with his wife the following morning, he could tell she had absolutely no feelings of intimacy or affection towards anyone other than him. It seemed, unanimously, their night of mad passion was merely a product of alcohol fueled lust, and in retrospect was one of the most exciting nights of their lives.

The lustful spark that had been ignited had somehow transformed them, and they could both tell, subconsciously, this was the beginning of a new chapter. They both wanted more.

Aware that all of their encounters thus far had happened purely by chance, and were driven by spontaneity, they realised that lightning rarely struck twice. They couldn't guarantee that impromptu sex in public would lead to a similar scenario, and figured they would need to explore avenues of a more 'adult' nature.

After a little research, the couple found an X-rated cinema relatively close to home that regularly screened adult movies. They found the idea enticing. Particularly if there were other patrons in attendance. It's dark, it's sexy and they loved being watched. They assumed a customer of an adult cinema would have no real objections to a live sex show. They headed over there immediately.

Still light out as the evening approached, Jude and Annie merrily made their way along to the cinema, toking on a pre-rolled joint as they went. Laughing playfully, they paid their admission fee, downed a large vodka each at the bar and took their seats. It was only a small screening room. Sixty seats or so spread over six rows. The 'film' was on a continuous loop, and at a quick glance seemed rather steamy. Just your basic guy on girl action, but the experience itself was elevating their arousal to the next level.

Slightly disheartened at being the only couple in attendance, they took their seats on the far side of the third row. It didn't take long before their hands began roaming each other's legs and crotch. Annie, wearing denims and a tight black vest popped open the top button of her shorts, allowing Jude easy access to her white cotton thong. Placing his hand on her waist, he pulled up her vest as he stroked her stomach and slowly made his way south. With his hand inside her shorts he began lightly caressing her clit through her thong. The feel of the material pressed against her made Annie close her eyes and bite her lip with pleasure. Jude took Annie's hand and guided it encouragingly towards her underwear. Annie took over and began pleasuring herself for him. She didn't masturbate too often, but when she did, she knew how to touch herself.

As Jude watched Annie, her legs now wide apart and resting high on the seat above, he leaned over and pulled her vest up over her breasts. Not wearing a bra, he placed his lips on her nipple and began lightly kissing and nibbling her. Alternating his tongue between boobs, he now had them cupped with both hands, as Annie's masturbating became more and more vigorous. She was now inside her thong and stroking her clit fast and hard. She was about to enter herself with her index finger, just as the doors to the screen flung open and another couple stumbled in laughing.

Quickly composing themselves, Annie and Jude returned to the film. Pulling her top back down and removing her feet from the chair in front, they decided to assess the situation before continuing. The couple were around the same age as them. The young lady was petit with long blonde hair and her partner was tall, dark and slender. Dressed appropriately for summer the girl had on a long thin white dress, that, when stood against lighting projector silhouetted her dark bra and thong. Her partner had on casual jeans and a tight white t-shirt, exhibiting his muscular physique. They walked past Jude and Annie and glanced over at them. Playfully giggling, they took a seat at the end of the front row, faced forward and began to enjoy the film.

Annie slowly placed her feet back into position and resumed. Stroking her legs with one hand, Jude lifted up her vest with the other and continued kissing her nipples. Now focused on the other couple Annie and Jude peeked over the rows to see the blonde girls head bobbing slowly up and down in her partner's lap. As Annie stroked herself more intensely, Jude spontaneously pulled her vest up and over her head, taking it off. He turned and threw the vest to the back of the cinema screen. Knowing that she was exposed and there was nothing she could do about it made Annie wet instantly. Some further movement began to occur on the front row. Blondie had arisen from her boyfriend's lap and had turned to face Annie and Jude. Pulling up her dress, and still facing Annie she lowered herself down onto her boyfriend, and began slowly riding him.

As the two girls watched each other candidly, Jude took to his feet, and offered out his hand to Annie. As she took it, he led her down to the front row, taking seats at the opposite end. With only five chairs separating them, Blondie and her boyfriend continued to fuck harder, both now acknowledging Jude and Annie. All four smiled uncontrollably until the hysterics were too much and Blondie had to gently lift herself off her partner and return to her seat. As she did, she began lightly stroking his cock with continuous glances over to Annie and Jude.

Jude, removing Annie's shorts, left her stripped down to her tiny white thong and crouched down in front of her. He began pleasuring her with his tongue. Seeing this, Blondie proceeded to stand up and move down the row, taking up the seat next to Annie. Now inches away she began lightly caressing Annie's leg with her fingernail as Jude went down on her.

Having never been intimately touched by a woman, Annie found this to be both fascinating and incredibly kinky. She knew she wanted more, and she knew she was going to get it. She lightly grabbed Blondie's hand and guided it towards her pussy. Her fingers met Jude's lips and as he continued licking, she playfully ran her fingers all over Annie's clit and teased Jude, by stroking his lips. As Blondie continued to touch Annie, she leaned in, and kissed her passionately. The kiss seemed to last forever, and as their tongues became intertwined, Annie slid her hand up Blondie's dress, running it up her thigh, moving her underwear slightly to the side and firmly began rubbing her.

Jude's hand met Annie's as he also gently ran his fingers up Blondie's leg and began caressing her underwear. Blondie grabbed on to Jude's hair and as Annie lifted her dress for her, pulled his head in. She continued to passionately make out with Annie as Jude went down on her. As Jude passionately licked Blondie, her partner appeared behind her to lift and remove her dress. Now stood in her underwear, she held Jude's head in position as she rubbed Annie's wet pussy harder and faster. Her partner pushed down on her shoulders, forcing her to her knees, where her lips met Jude's. They began aggressively kissing. Hurriedly she opened Jude's jeans, pulled out his cock and began stroking him. Annie lay back looking on, and carried on pleasuring herself. Kissing Jude's neck, Blondie's lips traveled down his body until she took him in her mouth and began blowing him sensually. With her buttocks high in the air she was now perfectly presented to her partner for the sexy double team she'd been fanaticising about since she walked in. Before her partner began penetrating her, he motioned for Annie to come over and join him on the floor. Annie, slowly walked over, running her fingers through Jude's hair as Blondie went down on him. Then she ran her nails all the way down Blondie's back and buttocks, sending a shiver down her and making her spasm slightly. All intensifying the experience for Jude.

Annie made her way over to Blondie's partner, got down on her knees in front of him and waited to be presented with his cock. Unbuttoning his jeans, he allowed Annie to reach inside and pull it out. She grabbed him. He was already hard and already huge. Taking his cock in both hands, she moaned loudly as she took him in her mouth. After sucking him briefly his cock was now dripping wet and ready to pleasure his girlfriend. As he entered Blondie from behind, Annie stood by his side, and place her hands on the top of the cinema seat. Bending over slightly, she allowed him to pleasure her with his fingers whilst he fucked his blonde mistress.

Annie and Jude's eye's met, as they were simultaneously being pleasured by the couple. The excitement of seeing each other was so immense, that they both very nearly came together. Not wanting the experience to end so abruptly, they both stepped aside momentarily to compose themselves, whilst Blondie continued to get fucked hard from behind.

Annie walked over to Jude and threw her arms around him as they paused temporarily to watch the couple. Kneeling down in front of Blondie, Annie assumed the same position, both ladies now facing each other. As Jude fucked Annie from behind she groped Blondie's boobs and between orgasmic moans, continued to make out with her, both ladies now sexily interlocked in an embrace. As the ladies got closer to orgasm, they struggled to kiss as they were moaning so loudly which only spurred on the gentlemen to fuck harder and deeper. Attempting to hold out as long as she could Blondie grabbed Annie's arms tightly and held on as she began trembling. This turned Annie on so much that she also felt herself going. Both ladies, now screaming with pleasure held on to each other as they came together. As the gentleman slowed down their pace, they left the two girls heavily petting. Being so thankful for the greatest orgasm of her life, Annie rigorously jumped on top of Blondie, pinning her to the ground and forcing kisses from her.

Both men, still hard, huddled round their partners who were practically inseparable. Tearing herself away from Annie and kneeling up, Blondie shuffled towards her boyfriend, took his cock in both hands and began sucking. Annie soon followed and began blowing Jude as fast as she could. Annie could hear from behind her a loud moan, as Blondie's boyfriend filled her mouth, and she could feel Jude beginning to swell and throb inside hers. She could tell he was nearly ready to come. Just before Jude exploded inside her mouth she had one last kinky surprise for him. Grabbing Blondie's hair from behind her, Annie thrust her on to his cock allowing him to come all over her mouth and face. Just at the point Jude came, Annie began spanking Blondie's ass as hard as she physically could, causing her to squeal with excitement.

As everyone regained their breath, they slowly collected themselves. Now completely oblivious to film on the big screen, they casually watched each other dress, congregated for a communal sip of vodka from a hip-flask, left the screen room at their own speed and went their separate ways.