 This is a follow-up to the story Sharing an Uber that posted last week. There is another part for Chapter 3 in the works. After that, we'll have to play it by ear.

*****

Jackie was a little unsteady on her feet as we walked up the sidewalk. She plopped down in one of the rustic rocking chairs on our front porch as I fished in my pocket for the keys. My drunk wife playfully spread her legs and pulled her skirt up to show me her panties. She was grinning wickedly. It was a good thing the porch light was out. 

Her behavior was not at all like the middle-aged Jackie but reminded me a great deal of her younger self. I think the combination of the alcohol she had consumed and the strange cock she had recently sucked were bringing out her inner slut. I had to admit it; I'd missed this Jackie.

"You were a naughty husband," she said in a sing-song voice, pointing her finger at me drunkenly. Startled, I dropped the keys. Had she seen what I had done with our neighbor Maria on the drive home?

"What?" I asked nervously. "What do you mean?" 

I picked the keys up and fumbled with them, trying to find the right one to open the door in the darkness.

"Getting your dick sucked like that!" she laughed. "I bet you want some of this now, don't you?" She patted her pussy through her panties. I couldn't help but notice the dark, damp area in her otherwise light-colored thong.

I put the key in and unlocked the door. I observed Jackie, feeling very confused and apprehensive. I had not thought, until that moment, that she knew Maria had blown me. I had desperately wanted to keep it that way. Here she was, accusing me of it. However, she didn't seem very upset. Of course, how could she be? Jackie had little room to talk. I'd seen her sucking Fred's cock in the back seat. So, maybe her infidelity had softened her attitude about my actions. I tested the waters and jokingly fired back a response.

"What about you?" I asked as I helped her stand and guided her into the house. "You were a pretty fucking naughty wife, don't you think? I watched you sucking that cock."

She looked over her shoulder at me, smiling as I held her around her waist, helping her to walk. She was pretty wasted. 

"I was," she admitted, then giggled. "Did you like it, baby? Did you like me sucking that dick in the Uber?"

I had to admit it. It was a shock, but after I'd just gotten my cock sucked by our next door neighbor, seeing her blowing Fred was incredibly hot. I know I should have been angry, but under the circumstances, I couldn't be. Besides, it had been a long time since Jackie had been this turned on or this frisky. So, maybe sucking Fred's cock had been the kickstart our sex life had needed. If so, then I could forgive it this one time, especially since his wife had so skillfully blown me at almost the same time. 

"Yeah, baby," I said, kissing her neck as I felt her becoming increasingly heavy. She was not able to support much of her weight. "It was hotter than hell."

She smiled, and as we made to the bedroom, she pulled away from me, spun around like a ballerina and fell backward onto the bed. "You owe me, mister!" she said, pointing at me. She turned her hand over and her index finger curled into the universal sign for "come here."

"You owe me for letting you blow your load with," she paused and took a breath before continuing, "with Maria," she paused again, having to swallow hard several times, "and with Fred right there like that. Shit, I can't believe we did that." She pulled her thong off and threw it at me. "Payback time, come here and lick my pussy."

I grinned and approached her. I'd become a decent judge of her levels of intoxication. By my reckoning, she'd be passed out within the next three minutes, if she hadn't thrown up first.

I knelt down beside the bed and kissed her inner thigh, just above the knee. "Yeah, you owe me, big time," she giggled again. "I can't believe I sucked a cock in the back of an Uber."

"I can't believe it either," I agreed, kissing higher and higher, "but there was a witness."

"No fucking way!" she exclaimed, slurring badly. "Who? The driver was watching?"

"No," I corrected her, "Me! I saw you doing it!" I pressed my mouth against her shaven pussy. She was hot and very slick.

She laughed and slapped at my head. "You don't count! Of course, you saw it. Oh god, I hope Maria didn't see it!"

I licked up and down in her slit, slowly. She moaned and grabbed onto my head. I pulled my mouth off her long enough to answer, "No baby, I think your secret is safe with me. I'm the only one who saw you doing it."

"Oh good," she said, then started slapping at my head. "Stop! Stop! Stop!"

I pulled my face up and almost caught a knee in the nose as Jackie clambered off the bed, staggered past me, and headed into the bathroom. "Gotta throw up," she said, holding her hands over her mouth.

She made it into the water closet, knelt in front of the commode, and starting purging. After a minute or two, she staggered to her feet, looked into the toilet, and started laughing. "Oh my God, Jim! Oh my God! Look!"

"What?" I asked, moving to get a wet cloth for her.

"Lookie, lookie, lookie!" she told me, pointing into the toilet.

I stepped next to her, handed her the towel and, against my better judgment, looked into the bowl. I immediately regretted doing so.

"See!" she exclaimed, "I can't believe you came so fucking much!"

Wait. What?

"What did you say?" I asked, not sure I heard her correctly.

She pointed in the toilet, "You came so fucking much. I thought it seemed like more than normal when you blew your stuff in my mouth. But, damn, that's a lot!"

She flushed the toilet and wiped her mouth on the wet towel. She staggered past me, pulling her dress up and over her head, tossing it on the tile floor.

I followed her to the bed. She climbed up and under the covers, naked. I picked up her clothes and put them into the hamper, then got undressed. It sounded like she thought she had sucked me.

"You mean I came a lot in the back of the Uber when you sucked my cock?" I asked, carefully stressing the words "I" and "my."

She curled into the fetal position and clutched her pillow. "Duh," she replied, "who'd you think I meant, Fred?" She started laughing, then as she was fading away she softly whispered, "I love you, Jim."

"I love you, too," I told her as I lay next to her, staring at the ceiling. Damn, she doesn't realize it was Fred back there with her. She thought she was sucking my cock. Did that mean I was off the hook and could just put the Uber ride behind us and move on? I sure hoped so.

No sooner had the thought entered my head had guilt crept in. Should I tell Jackie, or should I let it go? Part of me wanted to tell her the truth, but then wouldn't I need to confess that Maria had sucked my cock? What would happen to our marriage? I hadn't done anything wrong, had I? I mean technically Maria had done it all. I just let her do it. On top of that, if anybody had a right to be angry, wouldn't it be me? I mean my wife had sucked another man's cock and let him cum in her mouth!

I couldn't decide what to do, so in the end, I chose the best course of action would be to do nothing and wait to see what happened. I put my arm around Jackie and spooned her. A few minutes later, I fell asleep and dreamed of Maria's mouth on my cock.

The next morning, I felt okay with no trace of a hangover. I got up and worked out, then went for a run. When I got back, Jackie was sitting in the kitchen, sipping on a cup of coffee, looking pretty ragged.

"You ok?" I asked her as I poured myself a cup and sat down next to her. She gave me a look that said: "Do I look ok?"

I grinned. "You had a wee bit too much to drink last night."

"Oh, don't remind me," she pleaded. She sipped more coffee, then choked down a couple of Advil. 

"Do you remember leaving the bar last night?" I asked, trying to see just how much she would piece together. If she couldn't remember it, then I would certainly not tell her. Sometimes when Jackie drank, she would black out and remember nothing. Other times were more like brown-outs and memories would gradually creep back. Like the time she threw up all over the people in the row in front of us at the Queen concert. Three days later, she suddenly remembered, "Oh my god! I puked on some woman's back!"

"Not so much," she sighed, "I remember we ordered another round of drinks when the band was on break."

"Yeah, that's right. You and Maria each had another cosmo. Is that the last thing you remember?"

"Kind of," she shook her head, then drank more coffee. I got up and refilled her mug, then topped off mine, practically sighing in relief.

"Do you remember how we got home?" I asked her as I sat back down.

"I remember waiting outside for an Uber. It took forever to get there."

I laughed, "It was there in six minutes."

"Well, it seemed like forever," she argued.

"It was a big, black Lincoln SUV," I explained filling in some of the gaps.

"I vaguely recall that," she said as she laid her head on the table, "I remember getting in the back seat."

Oh no. That's dangerous territory. I pressed on, suspecting that the memories were close to the surface.

"Do you remember anything interesting happening on the way home?" I asked, trying to keep my voice calm, not giving anything away.

"I think I passed out," she said, "I remember when we got home, I was sitting on the front porch."

"How about while you were in the back seat?" I pried.

"Uh, did I?" recollection showed on her face, "Did I suck your cock?"

I grinned sheepishly.

"Oh my God," she blurted out, "I remember. I was laying with my head in your lap. I remember that you were playing with my tits and I got so horny. I just started sucking your dick."

I nodded. "Oh, I see."

"I'm such a slut!" she gasped, "Ugh! I can't believe you let me do that! Fred and Maria were right there, you jerk! I hope they didn't notice."

Well, I don't think Maria noticed, but Fred had a bird's eye view of the whole thing. I didn't tell her that, though.

Jackie sounded angry, but I could tell by the smirk on her face, she wasn't. I think she was slightly intrigued by the whole thing. I decided to drop the topic. If she didn't remember, then I was probably safe.

"Wait a minute," she spoke again. Her voice sounded confused, unsure. She furrowed her brow as she was concentrating, trying to remember through the fog of her partial blackout. "I vaguely remember seeing you looking at me. It's weird. I must have been dreaming it."

"Why is that?" I asked cautiously.

"Because you were looking at me from over your shoulder. You were in the seat in front of me, looking back. When I saw you, you ducked down and pretended not to see me. But, you couldn't have been watching me if I was busy sucking your cock in the back seat."

"Yeah," I said nervously, "that's true."

She turned her head, first one way then the other, looking about as if she were searching for something.

"I really shouldn't drink so much," she began, "I can't remember everything when I do. That's it! I quit. No more booze for me, ever!"

I just gave her a half-smile and a nod.

"It's all kind of a jumbled mess. I remember Fred joking around when we first got in. Like, didn't he climb in the back with me, at first?"

I didn't answer her.

"How did you guys change seats in the middle of the drive back?" she asked, her voice sounding vague and contemplative.

"Uh, well, actually," I confessed, "we didn't."

"But wait," she raised her head and stared directly at me, her memories starting to clear. "If you were sitting up there with Maria, then that means I was sitting with Fred in the back seat the whole time."

The light was dawning.

"And if Fred was back there with me for the entire ride home, then..."

Ding! It was the Queen concert all over again.

"Oh my God!" she stared at me in shock as she shouted, "I sucked Fred's cock!"

I nodded.

She sat there, eyes wide open, mouth agape.

"Oh my God! I'm so sorry!" she looked at me with tears welling up in her eyes, "I'm so sorry, honey! I can't believe I did that! I must have thought it was you! I'd never suck Fred's cock!" She shuddered as if the idea was repulsive. That made me feel better.

Then her expression changed. It became one of anger, not remorse.

"Hey wait a minute! You knew, and you let me do it!" she asked, voice rising angrily. "No! You didn't just let me. You WATCHED ME DO IT!"

I started to answer her, but she cut me off.

"Why?" she demanded, "Why the fuck did you let me suck Fred's cock? Was that some sick fantasy of yours?"

"No!" I shouted back, defensively, "I didn't know you were doing until right at the very end. You know, right when he..." I left the rest of my sentence unfinished.

"You mean when he came in my mouth!" she shrieked.

I nodded. "I heard you moaning, and I looked back. It took me a couple of seconds to realize what you were doing, but by then it was too late to do anything. You didn't look confused. You looked like you knew exactly what you were doing and with who. Plus, I felt guilty."

Shit, I probably should have left that last bit off.

She gave me a dirty look. "I can't believe you just let me do it. I was drunk, Jim! I thought it was you! Oh my God, what have I done?" She was still protesting, but she seemed much calmer than a few seconds earlier. She put her head in her hands as she thought back to last night and when she had drunkenly cheated on me in the back of the Uber with our next door neighbor.

I was about to say something comforting when she sat upright. "Hang on. You said that you felt guilty? I just sucked off Fred's cock and swallowed his sperm, and you felt guilty. Guilty for what?" 

She was looking at me through squinted eyes. She watched my every movement, my every twitch. I couldn't take the scrutiny. I guiltily gazed down at the floor.

"Oh my God, Jim! Did you fuck Maria?" she asked, accusatorially.

"What? Hell no! I didn't fuck her! Jesus, we were in an Uber!" I was sweating, and she could see it.

"Did Maria suck your cock?!?" she asked incredulously.

I let out a slow sigh. Shit, I was hoping Jackie wouldn't figure it out so quickly. I continued to stare at the floor, embarrassed.

"Oh, Jesus," she said. "She did! What the fuck, Jim? How could you do that? With Maria!?! For God's sake, Fred and I were right there in the back seat!"

"Yeah, but I didn't want her to do it! I didn't try to get her to. It just happened! And anyway, when she started touching my cock, Fred already had your tits out and was playing with them! You sure as hell didn't seem to mind!"

She looked puzzled. "Wait, I remember that. Fred was squeezing my tits through my dress. I remember he kept pinching my nipples through the fabric. It felt good and," she stopped speaking and stared at me.

"What?" I asked.

"Oh, Jim, I think I knew it wasn't you," she said, struggling to remember everything. "I remember him trying to get his hand inside my dress, but it was too tight."

"Yeah, so he untied it. When I looked back, your boobs were hanging out, and Fred had his hand inside your bra."

She shook her head, then spoke in a whisper, "Jim, I'm sorry, honey, but Fred didn't untie my dress. I did," her confession hit me like a hammer.

I hadn't expected that! So, this whole thing twisted back around. What the fuck did we do?

I couldn't meet her gaze. She was staring at me, but I kept looking down. "I don't remember how it moved from that to me sucking Fred's cock. I must have known it was him, baby. I don't know what happened, or why. I'm so ashamed."

I drew a deep breath. "Look, we were all drunk. I think we got carried away and did some things we shouldn't have. I let Maria suck my cock, and you sucked Fred's at the same time. In a way, it's like karma. Let's just put it behind us. I'm not mad at you."

She nodded her head slowly, "Yeah, let's put it behind us. I'm not mad at you either. Do you think Maria thought you were Fried?"

"I'm pretty sure she knew it was me when she did it," I said, "I don't know what she remembers of it today. She shocked the hell out of me, but shit, what was I supposed to do?"

"Stop her!" she retorted. She was practically yelling.

"Oh, that sounds rich coming from you, after you intentionally swallowed Fred's cum."

"Ugh!" she yelled, "you knew Maria wasn't me!"

"Wait," I exclaimed, "didn't you say you were not mad at me?"

"Yeah!" she retorted, "okay! I'm over it!"

"Me too!" I snapped back. Then we both spoke at almost the same moment.

"Just don't do it again!" I said as she said, "Don't let it happen again!"

We traded dirty looks for a few seconds, and then we started laughing. The laughing turned into kissing. My cock was rock hard, and Jackie was out of breath. 

"Oh my God," she whispered, "Are you as turned on as I am?"

"I don't know how turned on you are, but I feel like us twenty years ago!" I admitted.

"Me too!" she replied, grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the garage.

"Where are we going?" I asked, chuckling.

"We're getting in the back of the SUV!" she exclaimed, "I have a craving to suck a cock!"

I was not about to refuse a blowjob.