 Brooke was my first friend at college. We were seated next to each other at orientation, and awkward small talk soon turned into real conversation as we discovered many common interests. We continued hanging out throughout the first semester, studying, watching football, and lamenting the realities of our respective long-distance relationships. Brooke had tan skin, dark brown hair to match her chocolate eyes, and a little feather tattoo on her hip that I tried not to stare at whenever I caught a glimpse. Her petite, yet muscular athletic build (read: great ass) was exactly my type, but my constant reminders to myself that we were both seeing other people, and that she was out of my league, kept our relationship platonic.

We had just gotten back to campus for the second semester, and as I was unpacking I texted Brooke to see if she was back yet. She wrote back right away, saying that her boyfriend had brought her back to school and were about to get lunch if I wanted to join. I was starving, so I left my bags to unpack later, and headed over to the cafeteria. 

I grabbed a sandwich quick and then headed out to the tables, spotting Brooke and her boyfriend at one in the corner. As I got close, she jumped up and gave me a big "welcome back" hug. She looked stunning in her sundress, but I made sure not to hold on too long as her boyfriend was already standing to shake my hand.

"I'm Brian, nice to meet you!" he said. "I've heard a lot about you."

I introduced myself, and we talked a bit over lunch, filling each other in on what we did over the break. When we finished, I went back to my room to unpack, but we decided we would all hang out later. After putting all of my things away and watching some TV, I was starting to feel lonely. After spending all of the break with my girlfriend, I was now back in an empty room. I was thinking of sending her a text about how much I wanted to taste her, but when I picked up my phone there was a text from Brooke:

"Come over whenever - doors open!"

I decided I should probably wait until I was in for the night before I sexted my girlfriend, so I turned off the TV and headed over to Brooke's dorm. Everyone was excited to be back, so the dorm was loud, and people were coming in and out. I was able to slide in without having to text her to let me in, and after catching up with a few of my friends that I saw on the way, I made my way to the room at the end of the hall. The door was unlocked as she had said, so I walked in.

The first thing I saw was a pile of clothes on the floor, which I nearly tripped over. When I looked up I froze in shock. There was Brooke, on the bed, naked, and on top of Brian. She was facing away from me, and her muscular back was covered in beads of sweat, dripping slowly down to her round ass as she moved back and forth with him inside of her. I don't know how long I was frozen there, staring, but when I regained some conscious thought, I began to mumble an apology and started to back up towards the door. Brooke looked back at me with the most seductive smile I've ever seen. "Don't apologize, just come here..."

I was too surprised to speak, let alone argue. As I stepped closer I saw Brian's face, who was smiling as well. He glanced at me quickly, giving me a look that seemed to indicate he was cool with this, before returning his gaze to his girlfriend's incredible body. I couldn't blame him.

I felt something touch me, and looked down to see Brooke undoing my belt. In no time, she was sliding my pants down and wrapping her warm hand around my swollen shaft. All thoughts I may have had of doing anything but enjoying this were now out the fucking window.

I stepped closer and she leaned in, teasing my head with her tongue before sliding her mouth over me. She increased her speed and suction, and I brushed her hair back so that I could see her tan, perky breasts, covered in goosebumps and bouncing slightly as she moved up and down on Brian. I reached down to pinch her small, hard nipple and thought I was in heaven, but judging from her nails digging into Brian's chest and the muffled moans escaping around my cock, she was enjoying this even more than I was.

Brooke took me as deep as she could, gagging on my dick, then took me out of her mouth and pushed me a step backwards. She slowly stood up, facing me, and gave me a quick kiss before pushing me down to my knees and turning around. She took a step to each side, spreading her muscular legs, and bent over to go down on her boyfriend. I took a couple seconds to enjoy the view - Jesus, what a view - before grabbing her ass in both hands. I felt her jump as my tongue touched her clit, and then she pushed herself back into me. I licked every inch and then pushed my tongue as deeply as I could into her freshly-fucked pussy. After a few minutes, I sat back and replaced my tongue with two fingers. She was incredibly tight, and I felt her squeeze even tighter as I found her g-spot. Looking between her legs, I could see her taking Brian deep into her mouth, framed by her perfect tits.

I didn't want to do anything to ruin this night, but given the circumstances, I thought I would take a gamble. While I continued to finger Brooke, I grabbed her ass with my left hand, and slowly kissed my way inwards from her firm cheek. I took my time, but as soon as my tongue grazed her asshole, she moaned louder than she had all night, and pushed back hard into my face. I didn't hold back, and had soon worked my tongue inside her tight hole, moving in and out in sync with my fingers. I was so focused on pleasuring her that I almost missed it when she took Brian's shaft out of her throat long enough to moan "fuck me."

Half thinking I had imagined it, I stood up behind her, took my cock in my hand, and began rubbing it in circles around her clit. As I positioned myself outside of her pussy, she reached between her legs, wrapped her hand around my balls, and pulled me firmly inside of her. I heard her gasp, and stayed still deep inside her, savoring the feeling. I began to slowly pull out of her before thrusting deep again, and she moaned "fuck" under her breath before wrapping her lips around Brian once more, now full at both ends.

I couldn't believe this was happening, but I sure as hell wasn't going to complain. I fucked my friend from behind, going as hard and as deep as she could take, while taking in the best sight I had ever seen. Her perfect ass was spread in front of me, bouncing as I slammed into her. Her back was arched and glistening, and Brian's hand was on the back of her head as she bobbed up and down on his cock. I pushed my thumb into her ass as I fucked her, and felt her fingers find her clit, working furiously for about 30 seconds before she started to convulse, clenching around me in orgasm.

She had barely caught her breath when she said "I need more." She stood up and jumped on top of Brian, impaling herself on his hard shaft. I stood there, breathing heavily, dripping with her juices. Brooke laid down on Brian's chest, smiled at me and repeated "I need more. Get behind me..." By the time I had knelt behind her on the bed, she already had two fingers in her ass as she fucked Brian. She kissed him before turning her head to look me in the eye.

"Please, fuck my ass." she said with that same seductive smile, though this time with a begging look in her eyes.

Brooke turned and put both hands on Brian's chest, bracing herself. I moved my cock, still wet from her orgasm, to her ass and began pushing with steady pressure. She pushed back into me, and I slid, slowly, into her. It was the tightest, most intense thing I had ever felt, and judging from Brooke's reaction, she felt the same way. She kept muttering "don't stop" as I pushed, so I kept going until I was as deep as I could go. She reached back and put a hand on my chest, telling me to stay still for now. I stayed frozen except for my cock throbbing inside of her, and Brian began to fuck her with long, slow strokes. I could feel every inch of him moving inside of her, and could only imagine the sensations she was experiencing.

As she began to relax, I started to move a little, timing my thrusts to oppose his, so that I was moving out as he was pushing into her. By the time I worked my way up to full strokes, we had gotten into a rhythm so that one of her holes was constantly full, while the other was feeling the sensation of a thick cock pulling out of it. I could sense her approaching another orgasm, so I fucked her ass hard and fast until she was on the edge, and then thrust deep at the same time as her boyfriend. She cried out as she came hard on two cocks deep inside her, but none of us were done yet.

I stepped off the bed, and she slid off of Brian. He moved until he was sitting on the edge of the bed, and she stepped between his legs and turned to face me. She stared at me with a deep hunger in her eyes as she lowered herself onto Brian, sliding him completely into her ass. He laid back onto the bed, and she laid back on top of him. Brooke began rubbing her clit and spread her legs as I stepped up to her. I didn't hesitate before plunging my thick cock into her soaked pussy. I was done holding back. I wrapped my hand around her neck and fucked her hard and fast. Brian was pinching her hard nipples, she was rubbing her clit, and both holes were filled with cock. Brooke was in heaven, and wasn't quiet about it. I'm sure most of the dorm heard us, and I couldn't care less. When she couldn't take it anymore, Brooke looked me in the eye and began moaning "cum with me" over and over. I completely let go, letting my lust take over, and soon I was filling my friend with a giant load of hot cum. I pulled out as Brian did the same, and Brooke soaked us with her juices. 

We all collapsed on the bed, Brooke panting between the two men she just fucked, our hands lightly running over her. We all passed out until morning, and went to breakfast together like nothing had happened. Luckily for both Brooke and me, this was just the start of our fun together in college.