 "Keep it up and I'll fuck you right here against the door." Your eyes stare into mine intently looking serious. They soften as you pull my bottom lip with your index finger and thumb to your mouth to lick it. 

I smirk with delight and grab your ear with one hand and your dick with the other. "I .. dare .. you." I whisper and your dick hardens even more. I squeeze it and feel the heat through your shorts. Your dick jumps. I pull, and then rub, while I suck on your ear.

You grab my face with both hands and kiss me deeply, tasting my mouth, inhaling my hair as it falls in wisps around you. I'm still wearing the dress and heels I've had on all evening, you've had your chance to change. No fair. I pull at my straps in disapproval. 

"Keep it on. I want to eat you with it on, then peel it off of you slowly." Your voice is deeper, your eyes are brighter, and I am already dripping with excitement. 

We've already painted the town all evening, laughing over dinner; handholding while we looked at art, ogling women we'd like to share. We love to compare notes and flirt like this. We think so much alike we need no words, just nods, hand signals as if to say, "Her? What about her? Yes, defiantly her." Let the games begin I think to myself.

Just then I feel your hand run along my thigh-high stocking and a finger slides in between my wet lips, then another inside me. "You're not wearing panties and you're shaved smooth. Such a good girl." 

You teased me all night with your eyes and words. Tempted to finger me while we shared crème Brule, talking dirty in my ear, but you waited to touch me. Damn it's working. 

You remove your fingers and place one in my mouth, then the other in yours. We suck them dry together as you press against me, kissing me again. 

[ KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK ]

"Don't' get it baby ..." My hand is in your shorts pulling out your dick to rub on my lips. I pull it to my clit, then circle my swollen wet edges, then back to my clit. She's so hot and wet, it feels so good.

[ KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK ]

"Fuck." You say under you're breath. "Go sit." I smile. "Let me handle this."

You sit in the cushy chair by the bed and make a feeble attempt to hide your throbbing dick with your T-shirt. I smile and wink at you before I open the door, pulling down my dress, fixing my hair a bit. 

"Yes, hello." I open the door to find hazel eyes behind dark rimmed glasses. Are there flecks of green? Brown? I can't tell. The lashes bat at me a few times and she smiles sweetly at me. She's stunning, in a young J.Lo sort of way. I can't place it, but she has a sexy sweetness about her that I pick up on instantly.

"I have a ... a delivery for you." It was then that I realized she worked for the hotel. She wore a cute button down top and short black skirt type of uniform. I glanced at her nametag. It read, "Candice."

"Candice? Pretty name. Hey, I remember you. I met you in the lobby! Good to see you again. So what's that you have there?" I motioned towards the silver platter she was holding.

She looked a little perplexed, maybe she was expecting to just drop it off in the room, but she looked down at it shyly. 

"Why don't you come in and put that down. It looks heavy." I opened the door wider and she walked slowly in. 

"I'm sorry. I really don't mean to interrupt." She glanced your way and you smile a friendly grin.

"Don't be silly. So wow, is that champagne and strawberries with chocolate? Who is that from?" I look for a card of some sort totally surprised and pleased.

"It's ummm. It's from me actually. You were so nice to me earlier. We had such a nice talk. No customers ever to talk to me let alone ask me about my life. I just wanted to thank you." She brushed her long amber hair behind her ear and adjusted her glasses looking me up and down. 

"Candice, that's incredibly sweet. Thank you." I say, as I look her in the eyes. 

"Call me Candy. My friends call me that." She says as she grabs my hand and licks her lips, still looking me in the eyes. 

I catch you out of the corner of my eye and your mouth is hanging open slightly, it's as if Candy has forgotten you were there altogether. I hand Candy a glass and pop the bottle, then pour the champagne in our glasses. 

"Lets toast to new friends then shall we?" I say. 

Candy and I sit on the bed. I hand you a chocolate covered strawberry and we listen to Candy talk about her desires to be an artist, how she sings in a band, you grab a beer in the process, laughs and stories abound and before I knew it the bottle was empty.

"You have a little chocolate right ... it's in the corner here ... " I reach for Candy's mouth to wipe it with my thumb instinctively and not thinking. She grabs my hand and pulls me to her and now my face is inches from hers.

"This may sound creepy, but I've been watching you since you got here two days ago." She said softly. "I didn't mean to run into you tonight, but I ..." She leaned in to kiss me and stunned I accepted. We pushed against each other on the bed as I feel back in the soft covers. I had never kissed a girl and Candy obviously had. She seemed hungry for this.

I tasted the strawberries on her tongue and felt her soft lips on mine. My pussy dripped as she kissed me deeper and put her hands in my hair. She pulled herself on top of me and aligned herself, tits and all with mine. We were nearly the same size; she was slightly taller with a fuller bust. Her skirt rode up with mine and I could feel her wet pussy through her lacy panties rubbing on my now, uncovered, exposed pussy.

She slid down my body and positioned herself at my thighs as she kneeled on the bed between my legs. I moved my body back, now breathing hard and in disbelief that this was happening but I wasn't going to stop it either. Candy began to unbutton her shirt while she looked into my eyes, then looking to my pussy licking her lips.

I turned my head to look at you. You sat in the chair, very hard dick in hand with the best smile I've ever seen on your face. You nodded and silently mouthed, "Yes." 

Candy never took her eyes off me. She was on a mission. Her clothes were off, her glasses where somewhere else, and she was kissing her way up my thighs, removing my heels one by one and suddenly, face first into my pussy.

I could feel her smile between my lips as she licked slowly around my lips, sucking at my clit, at first only using her mouth in a way that I'd never felt. Grabbing her head, hand full of hair I started to grind on her mouth.

It was almost too much, but so wet and hot, she was relentless with her tongue. She moved with me at every moment like a dance. 

I arched my back and moaned, sighed, uncontrollable hitches in my breath as she rubbed my swollen lips with my wetness. She circled my clit with wet fingertips slowly again, and then began to finger me with one, then two, three fingers in my pussy. As I grew closer to orgasm she slide a finger in my smooth ass. Wet and sloppy, my ass accepted her easily and she kept it there as she furiously worked the other three in my pussy as it closed around her, trying to hold her inside me. Candy looked up at me and smiled at this. "Let it go." She said. "I want to taste it."

Then she sucked my clit hard, fingering me and grabbing her tits as she pushed me to orgasm. Building and building, feeling as if my pussy would explode any moment, she left my clit and sunk her tongue deep inside me as I squirted around her face. She drank me as fast as I could let go. Again I felt her smile, smacking her lips as she licked mine.

I lay there for just a second to look at you. Serious look, eyes sparkling, mouth half open, cum on your hand ... your dick still hard and standing tall at attention. 

She crawled up the bed in cat-like fashion to kiss me with my cum all over her face, running down her neck and chest onto her hard nipples. I grabbed the back of her to taste me and then sucked her tits clean. "

I stood up by the bed with my back to her. "Unzip me." I stared into your eyes as she kneeled on the bed, held up my hair and unzipped my dress. 

Wait here." I told her.