 Derek watches intently as Candy runs her hands all over my naked body while she kisses my neck. Her long amber hair tickles my back as her hands reach around to find my tits as I stand in front of her with my back to her. She is kneeling on the bed while reaching around for my shaved pussy, still wet inside and out from her eating it. Candy is so eager to please and not wanting to wait as I've asked her to, but I'm not scolding her, yet. 

I turn to her, my backside brushing against her pussy, never taking my eyes off of "D" – something I have lovingly called him for years since he's joked that I never get enough of the "D" – he is right, but the only D it refers to is his. I never get my fill of him ... Ever. 

I grab hold of Candy's wandering hands and fill them with my tits as I whisper into her ear, never taking my eyes off of D as I whisper to her so he can't hear me. "Good girl .." I lick into her lobes. "Let me play now." She joyfully accepts, and although I've just met her I can tell she's excited to play along and extremely interested in impressing me. 

My hand moves on her pretty face and long lashes, finger by finger, across her lips as she kisses it. I tickle my nails down her neck, tracing her collarbones and over her right tit, teasing her nipple and then firmly hold it plump in my hand. Staring into Derek's eyes and admiring his forearms, bugling from his t-shirt as he strokes his dick, I pinch her nipple slightly. Candy squeaks under her breath. Derek's mouth widens as he watches, "Damn Baby."

I place two of my fingers in my mouth to wet them and then back onto her nipple to circle it as I kiss her mouth deeply, sucking at her tongue and lips to get a full taste of her. Her breath is sweet from the strawberries, and her lips are slightly salty from my cum. She tastes so good I can't wait to lick her pussy.

Candy moans into my mouth and grabs my ass to pull me to her almost pulling me on top of her on to the bed. I grab her ass to pull her to me and keep myself from falling and our hands wander slowly from ass to hair to legs, small of her back, anywhere they can to keep us upright and pressed against each other. Candy on her knees on the bed, me standing on the floor to match her in perfect height, mouth-to-mouth, chest-to-chest, and clit-to-clit, aligning again. It sends tingles up my back and my pussy pulses feeling her wet lips rubbing against mine.

I sink my tongue into her mouth deeper and cradle her face before I pull my lips from hers. She bites at my lip trying to keep me there. I lower my mouth to suck and nibble on her nipple, relentlessly playing with the same one I've just made hard with my wet fingers. She smiles and softly moans like a ferrel cat in heat.

My hand continues down her soft skin. 

I nibble on her nipple gently, circling her belly button until her skin responds with goose bumps then slowly I dance my fingers to her pussy where I spread my entire hand to feel her warmth and rub up and down to spread her wetness around on her shaved, silky lips. 

She presses her body against me in response and I lightly finger her with reward, tenderly with one finger, releasing her hard nipple from my mouth but grazing it with my teeth while looking Derek in the eyes again. Candy stares at Derek too, blinking her greenish brown eyes, smiling sweetly, then rolls her head back and to the side with building release.

D never looks away, never takes his eyes off mine except to glance at us while we play with each other and take in the sight of me making another woman wet, ready to cum, dancing in heated pleasure. 

He watches. He waits with those gorgeous eyes sparkling in the room light, city lights behind him as he leans back in the chair, enjoying it in every sense. I've never dreamed that this could be so mesmerizing, so intimate, so ... natural. 

I pull my finger from Candy's warm pussy, and suck her taste from it, smiling at D as I do. 

"Mmmm you taste sweet ..." I say breathy, loud enough for D to hear, "... this is a first for me and my tongue is next. Candy I'm going to take my time with you." Her eyes meet mine and I kiss her, licking her lips and then tongue-to-tongue so she can taste herself with me. I suck at her tongue while her dripping lips slip in between my fingers as her hips start to grind.

"Do it now." She begs through our kiss.

"Wait, I want you good and sloppy first." I sneer, pawing at her perky tits as they bounce while she grinds harder, forcing my fingers deep into her pulsing pussy. 

D is still watching intently, dick as rock hard as I've ever it. He methodically strokes himself – that familiar sexy vein protruding under the pressure of his thumb. He's so controlled, so am I, in tune with each other after having spent countless afternoons in front of the fireplace teasing each other nearly to the breaking point. I'm really enjoying this. ALL of this.

Candy is ready for so much more as I slide my fingers from her warm pussy to my mouth again, sucking them dry, then jamming three back into her ... Rhythmically pushing up and deeper inside her swollen lips. 

Fuck she's hot, so In sync with me, her body and warmth closes around me as I push and pull with her ... now that hot pussy is clenching, aching for release. 

I look at Derek again as I whisper to Candy, "Cum for me Candy. Cum for me."

My mind begins to wander, lost in the moment and space between us.

I wonder if Derek knows how much I want this too, or how much I enjoy sharing life with him. I've never met anyone like him. I've never known anyone I could even been this comfortable with, share my darkest desires with. Share a person we both want without question, hesitation, or inkling of confusion. 

Call it total adornment, mirroring, lost in time, I don't know if there's a name for it. I try not to name it. I only know that he deserves every happy moment he gets and I feel it deep within me. Deep in my dripping lips that throb for him, deep in my bones that ache for him, in my eyes burning through him ... right now ... as he looks through me with the same wish for me. 

"Faster Baby." D says as he jerks his dick in sync with my fingers, pushing in and out of Candy. "Yes, like that .. give her more, fuck her faster .. harder."

My fingers find a place inside her that's swollen and sensitive and she pushes against my hand in uncontrollable delight. Candy grabs my shoulder and pinches her nipples – claws at the air – trying to gain control. 

I push on as I stare at D, never taking my eyes off him while Candy rides my hand. Her legs spread wider, her breathing changes to sharp intakes and slight hitches as her pussy begins to pull my fingers inside her even more, trying not to release me. 

I smile knowing she is so close to cumming, still watching D all the while, my nipples hard; my pussy dripping down my leg now .. he stares at us in disbelief .. watching me finger Candy faster and faster, harder and harder. 

My body begins to wander, lost in the moment with my mind.

Derek looks hotter than ever, hand wrapped around his thick dick as it points to the ceiling, sexy mouth parting as his breath quickens, eyes piercing through me watching me enjoy everything, all of it. 

He seems to have no idea of the demons he releases for me nor the time they've spent circling my dreams like vultures, diving towards my eyes to blind me of the truth. My true desires; the very things that make us whole and who we are. I know it can't last forever, but in this moment forever is here in the mirror, and time stands still in his eyes that are free to look at me now without judgment. 

Candy moans, much louder than before as her soaking lips stretch to take all four of my fingers inside her. 

I push and pull them inside and out, rapidly. Her tight pussy makes a sexy sucking sound that makes me thirsty to taste her her with my mouth. I wiggle my fingers deep inside her, finding that spot that made her jump the first time I found it. As soon as I'm there, putting pressure on it hot and swollen, I rub it even more as my thumb finds her clit.

Derek is throbbing, ready to cum ... staring eyes wide, mouth open – my favorite look for him. I know it well and the sight of it now with my hand deep and wet inside of her makes me squirt on the floor. Candy quickly follows ... dripping her hot juices down my fingers and wrist, arm to elbow. 

The room smells of strawberries and sweet, wet, sloppy pussy. 

We both pant and rub our cum on each other to lick off watching as Derek's throbbing dick finally erupts into the air. He grunts through his uneven breath, "Yes! Fuck YES .. holy shit, YES!" as his cumshot nearly hits us on the bed. 

"God, he has no idea what he does to me." I think to myself, smiling as if I've just seen a shooting star. I secretly make a wish for us.

Everything hangs in the heaviness of all before we all take a breath. The room is satisfyingly quiet with lingering smiles and smells until a far away city ambulance breaks the silence.

I glance at the hotel clock ... 1:11 am. 

"Hmmmm, the day has just begun." I think laying on Candy's chest.