 Eve's story about the night she became more than her best friend's plain tag-on. She felt desired and attractive, and she got to fufill one of her most secret fantasies; being dominated and used by multiple men- on a pool table!

I had an amazing experience last week and I wanted to share it; let me tell you a bit about myself first. My name is Eve, I'm 20, 5"2' with red hair a slim but curvy body and 34DD breasts. I have a small group of friends, but I love going to college parties and usually go with my friend Jessica. Jessica has always been a slut, even in high school she would skip class to fuck the football team behind the bleachers. So her usual game at these parties is to get drunk and hook up with some random guy and ditch me.

This night was no different. Jessica had her sight set on a guy called Jake who we met on campus and he had invited us to his house party. We spent a few hours getting ready and drinking in our dorm. We had finished a small bottle of vodka between us before we even left. Jessica wore a short pink mini-skirt that barely covered her ass, a hot pink bra (and presumably matching panties) and a white top which left nothing to the imagination. Her blonde hair and spray tan finished her slut-barbie look which the guys seemed to really go for. 

I've always felt a bit plain next to Jess but I try to make myself look attractive. This night I wore a denim skirt and a white shirt. I looked in the mirror and felt very plain! I hadn't had sex since I broke up with my boyfriend 5 months ago so I was very horny and just wanted to hook up. 

"Jess, I think need you to 'Jess' this outfit up," I asked her. 

"You got it sweetie," she replied with a massive grin on her face. 

She unbuttoned my shirt by 3 buttons to expose my cleavage, "You've got great tits Hun, you need to show em' off".

She pulled on my black bra-straps and lifted by tits to bulge out of my shirt. She grabbed my tits and squeezed them together and giggled. Next, she yanked my skirt down on my hips exposing more skin and showing off the top of my black lacy thong. 

"Perfect, now you just need to borrow my black knee-high boots, get fucking drunk and get yourself fucked!" Jess drunkenly laughed as she threw her arms around me and kissed me on the cheek. 

"Ok, get me those boots and I'll text Jake to come pick us up," I said to Jessica.

Jake had agreed to pick us up in his car and arrived 15 minutes after I texted him. There was another guy in the car with Jake, sat in the passenger seat. Jessica trotted up to the car ahead of me in her white heels and bent down to the driver's window, no doubt to flirt with Jake. As I approached, the guy in the passenger seat got out of the car and walked around to the side of the car I was approaching. 

"Thanks sweetie!" Jessica said as she went to take his seat next to Jake; she had fluttered her eyelashes and showed enough tit to get shotgun and feel-up Jake on the drive. 

The guy at the back of the car smiled at me, I knew he was checking me out and it felt quite nice, I wasn't used to this sort of attention. He opened the back door for me and I got in before he joined me on the back seat.

"Jess, Eve, this is my mate Ben," Jake said. We drove off, radio turned up loud, towards Jake's house.

During the journey, I saw Jessica's hand reach over to Jake's leg, obviously stroking his cock through his pants; she made no secret of her intentions that night. I made small talk with Ben; he was nice, very attractive with black hair roughly styled, tanned skin and a great body. My mind started to wonder whether he might be the guy I hook up with tonight, I bit my lip as I imagined myself underneath his naked body. 

He noticed my gaze and grinned, "What you thinking about?" he questioned. 

"Oh nothing. I need another drink," I replied awkwardly. 

"It's a good job we're here then!" Jake called from the front seat. 

"Yeah biatch!" Jess said, looking back at me and winked before climbing out of the car. 

We all went inside and the party was into full swing. The house was huge; shared by several college guys, lots of rooms all full of people drinking and dancing. We all made our way to the kitchen and the guys poured us beers. 

Jessica produced another bottle of vodka from her handbag and had a swig from the bottle and handed it to me. I took a drink and winced as it went down my throat. 

"Oh God I feel drunk already Jess!" I shouted over the loud music. 

"That's nothing! We're gonna get wrecked," she laughed. 

"You're gonna get fucked you mean," Jake said as he grabbed Jessica from behind and started putting his hands all over her body. She turned to him and they started making out. They soon disappeared into one of the many rooms in the big house and that was the last time I saw Jessica that night.

I continued to drink and chatting to Ben. We moved throughout the house, he met with some other friends, danced and just chilled. I stayed near him as I didn't know anyone at the party. I kinda wanted to get him alone and kiss him, I thought he fancied me but I was becoming less and less convinced as the night went on and I was getting more and more drunk. 

People started to leave or hook-up and find rooms and there were fewer girls around now. I looked around the room and there were only guys left hanging out and drinking. 

About 01:30am a guy approached me, I recognized him as I'd seen him about at the party that night. 

"You look like a lost puppy following Ben around all night," he said, smiling at me. 

"Uh yeah, well I don't really know anyone here," I replied. 

"I'm Jared. Now you know me don't you," he said. 

"I'm Eve," I smiled back. 

He was really hot, he had mid-length blonde hair, blue eyes and a hot body- he had to be a football player; he looked like Thor! 

"Come with me, I'm making drinks," he suggested, gesturing towards the kitchen. 

I started walking out of the room and felt Jared's hand softly touch my hip from behind me. My heart started racing feeling his strong hand against my exposed skin. In the kitchen, he poured beers, gave me one and he leaned against the counter, quite obviously checking me out. 

"Come here," he playfully commanded and pulled me onto him. 

I put my beer down on the counter and fell into his body, putting my hands onto his chest. He kissed me tenderly as he pulled my hips into him. I started to feel myself get wet, and I started nervously breathing between kisses. I was making it very obvious how horny I was but I couldn't help it. 

Jared took my hand and guided me into a room that was empty. It was the den, with 2 sofas, a desk and a pool table in the middle of the room. Jared started making out with me again and he put his hands all over my body. 

He slid his hands down my back and cupped my ass then he lifted me up and I put my legs around his hips. He took me to the pool table and sat me on the side, still kissing me. His hands started to wonder down my chest, caressing my tits that were heaving out of my tight white shirt. His hands then found their way to my thighs and he pushed up my skirt. 

My panties felt soaked through from my wet pussy, I was so horny, I just wanted to get fucked. Jared pulled my wet panties aside and put 2 fingers inside my wet pussy. I moaned as soon as he made contact with my sensitive pussy lips that hadn't been touched by a man for 5 months. 

"Ohh ohhh mmmmm," I moaned uncontrollably.

I stopped kissing him; too distracted by his strong hands invading me. He grinned, looking quite pleased with the affect he was having on me. 

"Oh you are a little tease aren't you? You were acting all innocent out there, when really, you just want a good fuck don't you?" he grinned, "Don't worry, I won't disappoint." 

He continued to finger fuck my pussy, pushing my body back slightly on the pool table so he could get his fingers deeper into my hole. With his other hand, he started unbuttoning my shirt, exposing my tits heaving out of my black lacy bra. 

With every moan, I tensed my chest and arched my back. Jared abruptly removed his fingers from my pussy and pulled me towards him so he could take my shirt off. I pulled at his T-Shirt and pulled it off over his head. 

His body was even more amazing than I imagined; tight muscles, strong arms and shoulders. He unfastened my bra and my tits bounced out, nipples erect - he took this as an invitation to grab them and lick my nipples. He was driving me crazy, my pussy ached for cock now. 

I started unfastening his belt and unbuttoning his pants. He grabbed both of my wrists to stop me; clearly enjoying being the one in control and I allowed it, being dominated was one of my biggest fantasies. 

He pushed me back on the pool table and slid off my skirt and wet panties. I heard him unzip his pants and he lifted up my hips to the edge of the pool table. He was at the right height to slip his hard cock inside of my soaking wet pussy. I felt the tip of his cock rub the outside of my pussy lips, I edged myself down, eager to take all of his cock but he was enjoying teasing me for a moment. 

He grabbed my hips and slowly inched his hard cock into my pussy, inch my inch. I gasped and moaned as I felt his cock stretch my tight pussy, not knowing how big it was or when it was going to stop. 

It felt huge, or at least so much bigger than any cock I had ever had before. When it was all inside me, he pulled out again, almost all the way before thrusting the entirety of his cock back into the depths of my pussy. It slid in and out, eased by my flowing pussy juices but with great friction from the tightness of my pussy. It felt amazing. 

Jared started fucking me faster and faster, making my tits bounce with every thrust of his thick cock. He grunted as his thrusts got faster and harder and I couldn't control my moaning 

"Oh yes! Fuck me harder! Please! Oh yes!" I moaned, getting louder. 

He grabbed my thighs and put my legs over his shoulders, pushing his cock in deeper and deeper. 

"You love it. You little slut!" he said between thrusts, "Take my cock. I'm gonna fill you up." 

I felt my whole body swell with heat and pleasure, I moaned as I felt a huge release and orgasmed, I felt even more of my own cum leak out of my pussy around Jared's cock. 

His thrusts become harder and sharper as he grunted, "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I'm gonna shoot my load." 

His warm cum filled my pussy as he pushed his cock into me and held it there as he caught his breath. After a few moments, he pulled his cock out as his cum and mine leaked out of my pussy and onto the pool table. I lay there panting, trying to catch my breath. 

Jared started putting his pants back on and we heard noise coming from outside the door. Two guys walked into the den to see me lying naked, wet with sweat and cum, panting to catch my breath after a good hard fucking. 

"What's going on in here then?" said the first guy.

It was Karl; Ben had introduced us earlier. 

"Nice one Jared, you fucked the little slut that was hanging around all night," said the second guy, Pete. 

"She's all yours guys, I've had my bit and fucked her first," Jared said; "I'll be back later if you can't handle it boys," he laughed. 

I watched the two guys look at my big tits and wet pussy, eyes wide and cocks growing in their pants. I've never had more than one guy in a night before, now it looked like I was getting more than one guy at a time! The thought of it excited me even more; I was ready for more cock.

Jared left, and two more guys entered the den; it was Ben and Jessica's fuck buddy, Jake. Four guys!? What were they going to me I wondered? I was more than happy to go with it. 

"Jared's warmed you up with his monster cock, now it's time for us to use you and fill you with more cum you little slut," said Karl. 

"Is this where you got to? Didn't know it was on offer you little cock tease," said Ben. 

"Are you as slutty as your friend Jessica? Let's see" said Jake, getting his cock out. "I've fucked Jessica's pussy for hours; I need a good suck off now." 

Pete pulled up a bar stool, seeming happy to watch as the other guys triple-teamed me. "Get up and crawl on all fours, slut," said Jake.

He stood at the top end of the pool table with his hard cock, "Come and suck this slut". 

I crawled up the table, feeling my pussy juice drip down my leg. I put my lips around the head of Jake's cock and moved my lips around the shaft and began to suck. 

"Oh yeah, she's a nasty cock sucker!" Jake said, grabbing my hair and pushing his cock further into my mouth. 

I heard more pant zippers being undone. Karl climbed on the pool table behind me and grabbed my ass. 

"I'm gonna fuck this little tight pussy next, I hope you're ready for this slut!" Karl said. 

I felt Karl's cock find my pussy hole and enter me. He wasted no time and began to thrust hard and fast, "Oh yes! Tight. Tight. Tight. Tight pussy!" he grunted. 

As Karl was fucking my pussy, my mouth fell deeper around Jake's cock until it was hitting the back of my throat making my eyes water.

"Fuck! This slut can deep-throat," groaned Jake. 

Karl continued fucking my pussy hard, he grabbed each of my wrists as leverage and my head bobbed up and down on Jake's cock. My tits were bouncing so hard with the fucking and cock sucking and it all felt so good. 

I started moaning, feeling that I was reaching my second orgasm, "Fuck, she's giving me a hummer!" shouted Jake; my moaning was sending vibrations through his cock, "I'm gonna cum! Are you ready for a taste of this cum, slut?" 

Jake's cock started to pulse and his cum hit the back of my throat and I swallowed most of it. I gasped for air after he took his cock out and cum leaked out of my mouth and ran over my lips and chin. 

Karl released my wrists and grabbed my hips, pushing his cock deeper into my pussy. He fucked me faster, making my tits bounce harder and I saw Pete watching my tits as he started to rub his own cock. 

Karl grunted, "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck I'm coming!" as his slammed his cock into my pussy one last time and filled me up with more hot cum.

Karl got off the table to make room for the next guy ready to fuck me. Ben approached the pool table, he was so hot, I had fantasied about getting fucked by him earlier in the night. 

I sat on the table, about to lie down and take another good hard fucking when Ben grabbed my arm and stopped me. 

"No, no slut, you're on top this time," he said as he climbed on the table, lay on his back and pulled me on top of him. 

He was naked and his long, hard cock was upright and ready for my pussy. He grabbed my hips, made me straddle him and positioned me over his cock. I slid down onto it, taking it all inside of me. 

I threw my head back and moaned in pleasure of how good his cock felt inside of me. I started grinding on him, rubbing my clit onto him, it felt euphoric. 

"No bitch, start riding now. If you're a good slut I'll work that clit with my tongue later," he said.

I obeyed the order and moved my hips up to slide my pussy up Ben's cock and then back down again. 

"Ohhh Ohhhhh mmmmmm," I moaned. 

I rode his fat cock as fast as I could, giving the other guys watching me a good show with my tits bouncing up and down as I fucked. Pete was now wanking his cock watching me; he came closer to the pool table to get a closer look. 

I reached over and grabbed Pete's cock and started wanking him as I bounced up and down on Ben's cock. Pete came after a few minutes. Ben had good stamina and I continued to ride his cock for 15 minutes, I orgasmed again, not knowing that it was possible to have so many orgasms but I was really enjoying being used and watched. 

I was getting pretty tired and had to slow down on my cock riding. Ben, pushed me off him, got off the table and pulled me down. His cock was still hard and swollen, it looked ready to fuck me for hours. 

"Come here slut, you're gonna take this how I want to give it to you now," Ben commanded.

He leaned me over the pool table and slapped my ass; he grabbed my hips from behind and shoved his cock in my pussy hard. He fucked me harder than any of the guys had that night, it felt so rough but I loved it.

"Fuck, Fuck, Fuck," he grunted. 

I felt his cock pulse inside of me as he shot his thick cum inside of me. He pulled out and continued to unload cum over my ass.

I lay on the pool table, exhausted but feeling very satisfied. I passed out and so did the guys.

I awoke during the early hours of the morning to find myself in someone's strong arms, carrying me. I squinted and looked up to see my blonde, Thor; Jared. He put me into his bed where I slept till daylight. In the morning, my body ached but I had an overwhelming sense of achievement. I had set out to get laid and ended up fulfilling one of my deepest fantasies; being dominated, used and fucked by lots of different guys! Jared ran me a hot bath when I woke and carried me back into bed afterwards.

He smiled, "You should come here more often, but maybe I won't share you next time."