 Three weeks ago I had my sexiest fantasy come true when I got gang banged by five guys on a pool table. Jared was the ring-leader and has since taken an interest in me and helping me to continue fulfilling my gang bang fantasies.. under his watch of course.

My name is Eve, I'm 20 years old and at college. My new acquaintance Jared, made me a proposition after fucking me on a pool table at a party and letting his friends fuck me too. He saw how much I loved getting used and suggested that he knew plenty of guys who would be more than happy to participate in my gang bang adventures. His only conditions are that I do exactly as he says and I'm not allowed to fuck anyone else that he hasn't approved of. The thought of this got me very excited, I clearly like to be dominated and love the anticipation of what he has in store for me.

It was a Tuesday afternoon when I got a text of Jared; he had football practice and wanted me to come and see him after. He said that I could meet him outside the locker room. We had been texting back and forth since the morning after the party but this was the first time I'd be meeting him again. 

Jared was very attractive; blonde hair, hot body and a great fuck. I got dressed into a short skirt and heels, I squeezed my 34DD breasts into a tight white t-shirt and I headed out to the football field.

I texted Jared when I arrived and waited at the back of the locker rooms. Several guys walked past and stared me up and down, smiling to each other and making remarks. I liked the attention but remembered Jared's rules that I could only fuck who he gave permission. After a few minuets, Jared appeared from one of the back rooms to the building and told me to come inside. 

We were alone in a laundry room where the team kits are washed. 

"Mmm you came asking for it didn't you?" said Jared, staring at my body in my skimpy outfit. 

He had no top on and was just wearing some sweatpants.

"I hope you've been behaving yourself after out little agreement," he said.

"I have, but it's been 3 weeks; I'm super horny," I said, playing with my hair and trying to look innocent. 

"How about I fix that now?" He suggested.

Jared grabbed me by the hips with his strong hands and lifted me up to sit on a dryer. He shoved his tongue in my mouth and kissed me hard. His hands wandered all over my body, just as they had done when he's perched me on the pool table. 

The dryer was on full spin and was sending vibrations through my clit as I sat on top of it, I started to get wet. Jared pulled me closer to him as we made out, I wrapped my legs around him and felt his growing cock through his pants against my pussy. I started grinding against his cock, feeling desperate to get fucked again. Jared stopped kissing me and moved away from me. 

"Come with me," he said holding his hand out. 

I followed him out of the laundry room and down the hall until we got to the showers. There were a few guys around but most of them were still on the field, about to come in. Jared led me into a shower cubicle. "You can't have a shower in clothes now can you?" he said as he started stripping my clothes off me and throwing them onto a bench. 

He took his pants off and switched the water on. The water started very cold and I yelped as it hit my naked body, making my nipples erect. The water warmed up quickly and soon made the cubicle very steamy. 

Jared approached me and stared kissing me again, he kissed down my neck and chest and flicked my erect nipple with his tongue. He was driving me crazy, my pussy was throbbing, aching to be fucked. He continued kissing down my body until he was knelt down, he cupped his hands around my ass and pulled my legs apart, exposing my wet pussy to him; his tongue soon found my clit. 

I leaned against the tile wall, feeling weak at the knees as Jared licked my clit. He put 2 fingers inside my pussy and started finger fucking me as he licked. I began to moan loudly; it felt amazing and I couldn't control myself.

"Mmmmm, fuck me, please, it feels so good mmmm," I panted.

He put a third finger inside of my pussy, making me moan even louder as I felt my orgasm building and building until I came over his fingers. 

He removed his fingers from my dripping pussy and stood up to face me. He grabbed my waist, turned me away from him and pushed my back so I bent over. He held my hips and I felt his hard cock against my wet pussy lips. He thrust his cock into my pussy aggressively, as if he'd been waiting to fuck me for weeks. I tried to hold onto the wall to steady myself as Jared fucked me as hard as he could. I'd forgotten how big his cock was but was pleasantly surprised. He fucked me hard and fast, grunting with every thrust.

By now, Jared's team mates had all entered the locker room and could hear my moans coming from the shower cubicle. Jared continued to fuck my pussy hard and I pushed back against his cock; trying to take every inch that I could. He pulled back on my hips, filling my pussy deeper and deeper, stretching my hole and driving me to orgasm again.

I let out a load moan, "Ohhhh yes! Yes! Fuck me please!"

A loud cheer erupted from outside of the shower cubicle; the other guys were listening to our fucking session. Jared pulled back on my hips one last time, thrusting his cock into my dripping wet pussy as deep as he could go, holding me tight as he unloaded his cum inside of me. 

He pulled his cock out of me and slapped my ass. My legs were weak from the fucking so I leaned against the wall as the water from the shower flowed over my naked body, washing away the cum dripping out of my pussy and down my leg. 

"Is that enough for you my little slut?" Jared said as he dried himself off and put on his sweatpants; "Or do you want some more?"

I bit my lip in anticipation of more cock to follow. 

He smiled, "It's a good thing I have a room full of guys ready to fuck you isn't it? You might have to ask nicely though."

The water turned off, leaving me stood naked and dripping wet. Jared opened the cubicle door and led me out behind him. There were about 11 guys stood around the locker room, some in sweatpants, some in boxers and some completely naked. All eyes were on me and my naked wet body; I loved it. 

"Here she is boys," Jared said, as he led me to a bench in the middle of the room where I sat down. 

"I'm not sure she wants it though; maybe I fucked her hard enough already," Jared laughed. 

I looked up at him and bit my lip again; I loved the attention but I had fallen silent in the anticipation. Something about feeling this dominated made me completely submissive. 

"Maybe not," he smiled looking down at me and my begging look; "What do you want slut?" he asked. 

"Cock, more cock.... please," I replied, my heart started to beat faster.

"How about this one, slut?" said a guy, approaching me, "You got me hard from listening to your moaning when Jared fucked you."

He stood in front of me and his hard cock was in front of my face. I looked over at Jared; he smirked and walked away. I took that as permission. 

I placed my lips of the head of the cock in front of me; taking it inch by inch into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the cock then began to suck, bobbing my head up and down his shaft. 

"Aaahh what a nasty cock sucker! Mmmmmm," the guy informed his team mates as they watched me work his cock, "Fuck! Fuck! I'm gonna cum". 

He didn't take very long at all, filling my mouth with hot cum.

The next guy took position next to me on the bench. He sat down with his hard cock sprung up high.

"Sit on this bitch," he commanded. 

I obliged, got up and positioned myself over his cock, facing away so the other guys could watch my tits bounce as I fucked him. I sat down, taking all of his cock into my wet pussy. He wasn't as big as Jared but it was still a nice big cock to fill me up. 

I started moving my body up and down, grinding my hips and bouncing to a good rhythm and giving the guys a good show. My tits were still glistening from the water in the shower, bouncing up and down as I fucked. 

Another guy approached, I recognized him from the party; he was the shy guy, Pete, who watched me get fucked until I wanked him off. He stood in front of me and I grabbed his cock in my hands, wanking him as I fucked the other guy. Pete's eyes were fixated on my tits, clearly enjoying the show. 

The guy beneath me lay himself back over the bench and I lifted my legs up to straddle him better. He grabbed hold of my hips, pulling me down harder with each pound. 

"Mmmmm. Fuck Fuck FUCK!" He moaned. 

Pete began to groan too as I continued to wank his cock in front of me.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum!" he moaned and shot his load all over my tits. 

It really turned me on even more, driving me closer to my own orgasm. I continued to fuck the cock in my pussy, taking shorter thrusts and grinding him into my clit. Before I could reach orgasm the guy started grunting and filled my pussy with more cum. 

He made me climb off of him and I was left on all fours on the bench, desperate to cum again.

"Mmmm please, more, more cock please," I begged, starting to grind against myself as I felt cum drip from my pussy. 

Another guy stood behind me.

"Can't refuse that can I?" he said, ready with his hard cock. 

He grabbed my hips and positioned the head of his cock on my wet pussy lips. He teased for a while, knowing I was gagging for it so I could cum again. He rubbed his cock up and down my slit, lubricated by my pussy juices, driving me crazy! 

"Please fuck me, please, I need your cock now!" I cried out. 

He slipped his cock into my pussy and started pounding me hard. 

"Mmmmhh yes yes yes" I squealed. 

He pumped my pussy hard, rocking my whole body. He could hear from my moan that my orgasm was building and just as I was about to peak; he took his cock out of my pussy and slid it into my ass. I let out the loudest moan; I'd never had a cock in my ass before so it was a tight squeeze - made easy because of all of the cum and pussy juices over his cock. 

To my surprise, my orgasm took hold and it was euphoric, I'd never felt it like that before. 

"Ah ah ah ah ahhhh mmmmmm," I moaned. 

"Yeah you like that don't you!? You are a little slut that likes to get fucked in the ass too," he laughed, pleased with his invasion. 

"She's got a TIGHT little asshole guys," He gloated, fucking my ass as hard as he could. 

"There's not gonna be once inch of you left un-fucked and covered in cum, slut!" He thrusted his cock in faster and pumped my ass until he came and pulled out.

Shortly after, another cock was fucking my pussy and I had another cock in my mouth. They spent over 2 hours taking turns on me, using my body. They fucked every hole they could and came all over me. I had several orgasms, it felt amazing to be fulfilling my fantasy again, I didn't want it to end. 

Guys started to leave, having had their fill and thrills until the last few guys finished watching me be fucked. 

I staggered back to the shower, feeling tired and weak but amazingly satisfied! I washed my body, imagining all of the guys' cum dripping out of me. I dried myself and found my clothes to put back on.

Jared was waiting outside in his car; I got in next to him. 

"Are you happy now little slut?" he asked, grinning. 

"Mmmhmm" I replied, nodding and smiling. 

I passed out in the passenger seat and slept, exhausted, until Jared dropped me at home. 

As I got out of the car, he called after me, "You've got a week to recover. Then I need you for some important business; we're going on a road trip."