 I'm 22 years old, around 190 pounds with blonde hair and blue eyes, 6'1" with a muscular build. My girlfriend, Christine, is 21 years old, 114 pounds with short brown hair in a pixie cut and green eyes, 5'5" and is also very athletically built. Her breasts are slightly more than a hand full each, and very perky.

My girlfriend and I have been together for over four years now. We have always had an amazing relationship, and while we were both very open minded about sex, we had never included anyone else in our sex life. 

That all changed one night. While lying naked in bed, I asked her if she ever fantasized about having sex with another man. I had been entertaining a fantasy for over a year about seeing her being fucked by someone else. She smiled at me and said, "Of course not." Then she reached down under the covers and wrapped her hand around my penis, "This is all the cock I need."

My dick sprang to attention, becoming rock hard in her fingers. I have a pretty large penis, around 8 and a half inches when fully erect. I let out a moan as she jerked it a few times. "Wow, you're ready to go, aren't you?" She giggled. I leaned in and started making out with her, rolling her onto her back and putting one of my legs between hers. She let go of my cock and wrapped her arms around my neck as she continued sucking and nibbling my lips.

Propping myself up with one arm, I reached down between us with the other and slid my fingers between her legs. I couldn't believe it, she was already sopping wet. I pulled away from her kiss, and looked her in the eyes. "Did you get turned on by what I just brought up?"

"What? Having sex with another man?" She asked.

"Yeah."

She looked apprehensive for a moment, then responded, "No."

I didn't believe her. I shoved two of my fingers into her cunt. She threw her head back, gasping. "You've thought about being fucked by another man, haven't you?"

She let out a moan, "Maybe."

I started fucking her with my fingers. "Tell me."

She panted for a few moments, obviously trying to gather her thoughts. A few more seconds passed and I grew impatient. "Is there someone in particular? Someone I know?"

She moaned again. "I can't...I can't...tell you." She could only respond between breaths as she continued panting, while I finger fucked her harder and faster.

"Tell me right now," I demanded. 

She let out another long moan, then said, "Eric."

Eric was a friend of hers that she works with and also has classes with at university. I always knew he had a thing for her, but could never get her to admit she liked him as well, although I could always tell. Now I knew that she wanted his hard dick in her pussy. My cock was raging hard now. 

I took my fingers out of her slit, and grabbed onto her right thigh, pulling it out while I brought my other leg in between hers and pushed with my knee, spreading her other leg out as well. I grabbed my dick and plunged it into her pussy. Christine moaned loudly as I began pumping in and out of her. I grabbed her hair with my left hand, pulling her head back. 

"Oh God," she moaned, her eyes shut tight as I pounded in and out of her. I almost thought I heard her say "Eric" at the end, but I couldn't be sure as her words became mixed with loud moaning. Her cunt tightened, gripping my penis tightly as she came. 

I was getting really worked up as well, and started to imagine it was Eric forcing my girlfriend's legs apart and abusing her cunt. I heard someone moaning loudly, saying, "I'm gonna cum baby!" I realized it was me, and with three shuddering thrusts that pushed her further up the bed with each one, I finished. 

After we settled down and caught our breath, I leaned over and kissed Christine on the cheek. "So why didn't you want to tell me?"

"I felt bad for fantasizing about it, I shouldn't want anyone else."

"It really turns me on, thinking about you with someone else. I don't think you have anything to feel bad about."

"It turns you on to think of me spreading my legs for another man?" She looked skeptical.

"Yeah, I don't know why, it just does."

She just smiled at me, and for a moment I thought I saw excitement in her eyes, then she disappeared under the covers and wrapped her mouth around my cock which was already hard again.

That was a week ago, and leads us to where we are now...

We made small talk in the car as we drove to meet him. You'd never believe that we were about to go meet another man with plans to have a threesome.

Christine had worn a tight black dress that I loved. It showed off her curves perfectly, and made her ass look great. She also had on a pair of black stiletto heels. I'd convinced her not to wear any panties or bra though.

She had gotten a hold of Eric earlier that week, and made plans for him to meet with us at a local sports bar. It wasn't a huge place, and tonight it was pretty calm, with only a handful of other people sitting about within. He wasn't here yet, so we got a table in the corner and ordered a few drinks. 

"So how did he react when you told him the plan?" I asked.

"He agreed immediately," Christine responded.

"Really? He wasn't surprised?" 

"Well yeah, but I think he has wanted to get with me for a while."

"Of course, I always told you that...but why do you think so?"

"Well, one time while we were studying in the library, he just looked up and asked me if I wanted to 'hook up sometime'." She looked away as she told me this.

My eyebrows raised in shock. "Really? Didn't he know you had a boyfriend?"

"I think so, either way I told him that I did when he asked me that."

"So what happened after that?" I was interested to see how Christine had responded to this.

"He said, 'So? Do you want to hook up sometime?'."

My dick got hard. "He didn't even care? Wow, gotta give him props for his straight forwardness I guess, huh?"

"I guess so, I was kind of awkward. I feel really bad that I never told you about it. I just said no, and went back to studying anyway."

"Well, you should have told me, but I can't blame you, you're just so hot all the guys want you."

Christine smiled. Just then I spotted Eric walking through the door. He spotted us in the corner and started heading over. Eric is shorter than me, around 5'7", with a much smaller build. He also has blonde hair, and tends to have scruffy facial hair. 

"Hey guys," he said as he arrived at the table.

We both greeted him, and I noticed that Christine had gotten very nervous. She was sitting on the side of the table that had a booth, and I was on a bar stool. Eric grabbed the other bar stool and sat down.

We made small talk for a while. I had never really talked to him (I think Christine actively tried to avoid letting us meet, she probably thought I'd beat his ass), but as the night went on, I started to realize he was a pretty cool guy.

After a while, I excused myself from the table to go to the bathroom. I was gone for about five minutes, but as I walked back to the table, I got a surprise. Eric had moved over to sit right beside Christine in the booth, and had his arm draped over her shoulder. He was leaning in close to her ear, talking quietly to her.

My heart skipped a beat, but I tried to calm down and play it cool. I sat back down, and after a few seconds announced my arrival when I noticed Christine had her eyes closed and was biting her lip softly. "Hey guys."

Christine opened her eyes, then giggled. "Hey, how was the bathroom trip?"

"Can't complain, how's things here?" 

Eric looked over at me, and had a look on his face as if he was asking if what he was doing was alright. I smiled at him to let him know it was cool, and he relaxed again.

"Things are going good here, but I don't know how much longer we should hang out here." Christine must have been really worked up already.

"Alright, well let me settle the tab and we'll get outta here," I responded as I got up and moved towards the bar. "I'll meet you guys at the front door."

I paid the tab and headed for the exit. They weren't inside, so I went outside to look for them. As I got outside, I was greeted with yet another scene, this one of Christine pinned up against the brick wall, making out with Eric as he felt up her body with his hands. She had her left leg wrapped around him, making soft whimpering sounds as he explored her body.

I savored the sight of my young, beautiful girlfriend being fondled by another man for a few more moments, then cleared my throat. "You guys ready to go?"

They pulled away from each other slowly, then said yeah in unison and we headed for the car. Eric hadn't driven there, so he got in the car with us. I got in the driver's seat, and was surprised when Eric and Christine both got in the back. They picked up where they left off, and started making out again in the back seats. 

We only had about a five minute drive, but by the time we reached the intersection before we arrived at our apartment, I snuck a peak in the rear view mirror to see how they were doing. Christine was leaned back in her seat, kissing Eric deeply, with her legs spread wide. I noticed that she was moving up and down a little, and when I listened in closer I could hear her breathing heavily into each kiss. I shifted my mirror a little, and spotted the source of her excitement. Eric had his hand between her legs, fingering her cunt as they made out.

I could barely handle myself watching the erotic scene transpiring in the back seat of my car, but I managed to focus on the road as the light turned green, and pulled into the parking lot of our building. 

I parked the car and shut it off, then got out. I wondered if they'd even notice we'd arrived, but as I closed my door they pulled themselves apart and got out as well. I met eyes with Christine as she closed her door, and she had a look of complete and utter lust in them. I smiled at her, letting her know I was enjoying the show. She beamed back at me, then moved in and kissed me, moving her tongue around in my mouth. For a second I thought about Eric's saliva all over her mouth, but forgot about it quickly as the lust took over me.

As we got to the door to our apartment, I pulled out my keys and went to unlock it. Christine grabbed Eric, moving so her back was against the wall of the hallway, and started making out with him again. She wrapped her leg around him, and he moved his hands down and pulled her dress up over her hips, exposing her tight ass and sweet pussy. He kept one hand down there, rubbing her pussy, and reached up with the other hand and began molesting her tits. He pulled them both out of the dress, and groped each one thoroughly by the time I got the door opened. I opened the door, and they pulled apart again, heading inside. Christine didn't even bother fixing herself, leaving her ass hanging out of her dress and her tits exposed. Her nipples were completely erect. 

I headed in after them, and closed and locked the door. Christine was already disappearing around the corner to the bedroom, followed closely by Eric. I kicked my shoes off and proceeded towards the bedroom. As I took the corner I saw Eric pulling the dress up over Christine's head. As it came off, she gasped as she lost her balance and fell back onto the bed. Her breasts jiggled as she landed, arms splayed out to the sides and legs spread eagle.

Eric wasted no time, dropping the dress to the side and climbing on top of her. He started kissing her neck, reaching up and groping her tits. He started to get rougher, tweaking her nipples slightly and pulling on them. Normally this would startle her and make her jump, but she just moaned loudly and ground her hips into him.

I couldn't handle just watching anymore, so quickly made my way around them to her head, and climbed on the bed over top of her. I leaned down and grabbed her hair, pulling her head towards me as I shoved my tongue down her throat. She began sucking on my tongue, moaning deeply every few seconds. I took her arms and pulled them above her head, stretching her out and making her tits get even perkier. As I did this, Eric began moving down her body. He wrapped his arms around her thighs, and dove face first into her wet pussy. 

Christine arched her back, writhing as she moaned, "Oh God yes!" 

I moved my mouth down her neck to her breasts and started sucking on them, alternating from one to the other and back again. I looked down to where Christine had her legs wrapped around Eric's head. She still had her stiletto heels on, and they bobbed up and down as she swiveled her hips on his tongue. The view of another man tasting my girlfriend's juices, combined with the wet sounds of his tongue rubbing her wet slit, was incredibly erotic. I took one of my hands off of her arms and reached down to unzip my pants. I pulled out my cock, which was rock hard and already glistening with pre-cum, and moved it in front of her face. She opened her mouth and moved her head towards my dick, devouring it hungrily as she continued to grunt and moan.

I could tell she was close to orgasm, as her still pinned hands grasped over and over again at my arms. "Mmmhhf, mmmhhf, mmmhf!" She started moaning louder and louder through my cock, her whole body shaking as she came on Eric's face. He continued lapping her up for a few more moments, forcing Christine to squeal and kick her legs to repel the over stimulating assault.

He quickly stood up, wiped his mouth, and began to remove his clothing. When his cock sprang from his boxers, I was relieved to see that he was only about 7 inches in length. Christine pulled her lips off my dick, and stared at his member with hungry lust. She kicked off her shoes and spread her legs wide, inviting it into her pussy.

Another wave of pleasure rolled through my body as I saw her so willingly beckon another man into her. I moved away from her face, knowing that if she sucked my cock now I would blow in seconds. She continued her intense glare as he moved towards her, gripping his dick like a weapon and placing himself between her legs. He leaned forward over top of her, resting his weight on his right arm as he prepared to plunge his member into her snatch with the other hand. This is it, I thought. He was about to penetrate her lips, making him the second cock she has ever allowed past those walls. 

A silence fell over the room as he started to rub the head of his penis up and down her soaked slit. Just as the tension was building to an uncontrollable level, he tensed his hips, thrusting the entirety of his cock into her cunt.

"Oh fuck yes!" Christine threw her head back, closing her eyes tightly as he began thrusting in and out of her. He was already moving at a fast pace, having been worked up for some time now. Her tits bounced with every thrust, and her head tilted back and then forward with his movements. She continued moaning loudly. Her legs were raised on either side of his hips, with her feet bouncing quickly.

I soaked in the scene transpiring before my eyes. My sexy little girlfriend was writhing in front of me, grunting and moaning while another man humped her. The primal sexiness of the whole event was an incredible turn on, especially when I realized I was still holding her arms above her head. I was holding my girlfriend down while another man fucked her.

I lowered my head to her ear, and began whispering to her. "You like that nice, hard cock, don't you? You're just a dirty little cock whore. Take that dick like the slut you are."

As I continued the barrage of dirty talk for a few minutes, she kept saying "Mmmm yes! Fuck yes! Fuck me hard!" Suddenly her eyes shot open, then rolled back in her head. Her breathing became incredibly fast, and a low guttural moan started to crawl from the back of her throat. She was coming hard on his cock, and I loved it.

As her moan rose in volume, it was joined by another. Eric had begun to cum as well. Their moans rose to unbearable pitches, and finally Eric exclaimed, "Oh fuck yes! I'm cumming, aarrrgghhh!"

Christine squealed loudly as he shuddered the last few thrusts. After a few moments, her eyes rolled back into focus, and she stared up at me through glazed pupils. She twitched once more as he extracted his cock from her cunt. 

I was shocked. I'd just watched another man fill my girlfriend full of his cum. I came back to reality a moment later, and pulled Christine up by her wrists. She still looked completely out of it, but I put her on all fours, placing her face in front of his cum and pussy covered dick. I quickly ripped off my clothing, and grabbed her by the hips. I shoved my cock forcefully into her cum sopping twat, and was surprised at how easily it slid in. After letting out a few small whimpers, she began to moan again as I pounded her cunt. I grabbed at her hips roughly, forcing her ass to slap against my pelvis with every thrust. Her tight ass jiggled and bounced as I assaulted her pussy, my balls slapping off her clit. 

She suddenly reached forward, grasping Eric's semi-flaccid penis in her hand. She started licking it, starting at the base and working up to the head, then back down again. It only took moments for him to be completely erect again, and she wrapped her sweet lips around his cock. 

Her ass was getting red as it slapped off of me, and I reached down and grabbed a cheek, squeezing it hard, then slapped it. Her moans were muffled through his cock, but I could tell she was building to another orgasm. 

I could feel her pussy lips gripping my cock tightly, and to my surprise instead of pulling off of his cock to moan out her body shaking orgasm, she instead impaled herself fully upon it, burying her nose in his pubic hair. I couldn't handle any more, and began cumming loudly. I pounded harder and harder into her ass, mashing her face on Eric's pelvis as she gagged on his cock. 

It must have been too much for Eric as well, because just as I finished, he let out another loud moan and announced he was cumming as well. Christine reached up with both hands, digging her nails into his ass cheeks and forcing his hips hard against her face. He blew his load deep in her throat, and she reached up and milked the last few drops of cum out of him with her hand. 

In a short matter of time, my girlfriend had become a cum hungry slut. She now had two guys cum in her pussy, and one guys cum in her belly. 

I sighed and rolled back, lying down on the bed. Christine wiped her mouth, and turned around, cuddling up next to me and kissed me. Her breath smelt strongly of cock, and I loved her for it. Eric climbed into the bed on her other side, and we all soon passed out.

I slept soundly that night, and dreamt of Christine moaning softly as we lay on an ocean, floating up and down methodically. Something began nagging at me, attempting to pull me from my sleep. I drifted gently back to reality, and was confused. I was lying there with my eyes closed, no longer dreaming, except the sounds and movement remained. I leaned my head to the side slightly, and peeked through slit eyes. 

Christine was lying beside me, with her eyes closed, her mouth opened slightly and her head back. She was rocking rhythmically, and had her arms wrapped around Eric's back as he lay on top of her. He had his face buried in her neck, on the opposite side than where I lay. I could make out the faint sounds of sucking and licking as he stimulated her neck and ear.

He was fucking her gently while she embraced him, in a way I could only describe as making love. My dick was hard, but I just lay there, pretending to still be sleeping, as I enjoyed the scene. I moved my view down to their hips, where she had her right leg wrapped tightly around his waist. I watched as he pressed her hips down into the bed with his thrusts. 

He took his mouth off of her neck, and I heard him whisper, "I'm going to cum."
