 This story contains graphic depictions of male bi-sexuality. If this bothers you, don't read this story.

*

My wife, Amanda, called me at the office on Thursday. She said that her girlfriend Natalie and her husband, Josh, wanted to know if we would spend a weekend at their beachfront condo with them. 

They had briefly lived next door to us, last year. He had a good job that relocated them out of state, but they held on to a beachfront house for getaways.

"It's a beautiful place and we could use a break. Besides, you like Josh and I miss Natalie", she said.

She was right. We could use the break as both Amanda and I have been working so hard, that we had rarely had time to speak, let alone have any sex. I missed my wife's beautiful body.

Let me describe Amanda. She is about 5'7" tall and about 125 luscious pounds. She stays in shape by jogging on the treadmill. Her hair is light brown, with highlights in it and her eyes are hazel. Besides her eyes, I think her ass is her best feature. It is perfect. I get hard every time I see her in a pair of shorts and now I was going to see her and her friend in bikinis at the beach.

I readily agreed to the trip and was told that it was actually this weekend and we would have to leave tonight. So I tied up some loose ends at the office and headed home. 

When I got there, Amanda had the car packed and was ready to go. The beach was about an hour from our house and we got there around dinnertime.

Amanda was right. The house was beautiful. I guess Natalie and Josh were doing pretty well in their real estate business.

We knocked at the door and Josh answered. He was an average looking guy but I think Amanda secretly had the hots for him. This was a fact that never bothered me. He was about 32 y/o and fairly muscular. I had played some basketball once with him and knew him to be in pretty good shape. He once confided to me that his wife keeps him in shape with their sex life. I could only wish for that exercise plan.

He invited us in and told us that Natalie was in the kitchen. As I admired their house, he took us into the kitchen and I almost fell over. I remembered Natalie, as a nice looking woman but the woman before me was absolutely hot.

Thank goodness Amanda said something.

"Natalie, holy shit, you got a boob job!"

"Well, I've been working out too, but no one ever says anything about that," Natalie responded.

I was soaking her in from head to toe. Her hair was blond and she wore it to below her shoulders. Her tits were perfect 36's and her belly was flat as a board. Her legs were long and tan and even her feet looked sexy sporting a French manicure.

Amanda caught me staring and smacked my arm. I blushed and thank goodness, every one laughed.

Natalie told us to go get settled upstairs and then come down and join them for some drinks. She had already prepared us all dinner. She was definitely the "hostess with the mostess!"

I carried the suitcases up the stairs, as my wife walked in front of me. I watched her sexy ass every step. I knew this was going to be a great weekend.

I placed the bags on the dresser and Amanda opened one up and picked out her clothes for dinner. She went to change in the bathroom and I changed in the bedroom. 

As I got out of my clothes, Amanda popped her head out of the bathroom.

"I was going to ask you what you thought of my new lingerie, but maybe your not interested anymore," she said. 

"What do you mean?" I answered in utter denial. I was naked as a jaybird and already getting hard from the sight of her.

"Well, you seemed more interested in my friend," she continued.

"Come here," I said. 

She walked over and I felt my cock harden even more. She took notice and reached down and held it in her hand and began to gently stroke it.

"What do I have here? It seems to like getting stroked. Maybe it needs a kiss?"

She kneeled down before me, as I stood there trembling with anticipation. I couldn't believe my luck, a blowjob before dinner. 

She looked up at me. Her eyes were shining and her face was beautiful. The only way her face could look better would be to have my cock between her full red lips and it was about to happen. When she opened her lips and leaned forward, my cock slid between them, ever so slowly.

She slid me in as deep as she could and then held me there. I felt my cock throbbing in her mouth. Then her tongue began sliding underneath the shaft. I moaned out loud. She was teasing me.

She finally began to suck me to a nice, slow rhythm. It felt so good to feel her lips sliding back and forth on my cock. I marveled at the sensations she was giving me as I also watched her head bob on my cock. This was as much a visual experience as a physical one. She began to pump me with her hand as she sucked on the head of my cock. 

I looked up and saw my reflection on the closet mirror. I knew who that lucky guy was. It was me. I was the one that had a beautiful girl, wearing lingerie, on her knees before me with his cock in her mouth. I swear I was almost ready to cum.

Soon enough, my knees began to tremble and I felt my balls began to tighten. I knew I would surely fill her mouth with a week's worth of my semen. 

My rod began to ache and I told her I was about to cum. I was nearing the finish line when I felt her pull me out of her mouth. 

I wanted to cum so bad. I looked down to see what she was doing. To my astonishment, she stood up and wiped her mouth. Then she looked down proudly at her handiwork. My cock was throbbing and dripping precum and saliva. I needed to cum desperately. 

"What are you doing? I was about to cum!" I protested.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I thought, maybe, you wished Natalie would finish that for you instead of me."

That evil bitch was getting even with me for checking out her friend.

I begged her to finish me off and she grabbed my aching cock with her hand again and smiled and said, "Maybe later, if you're good."

Then she went back to the bathroom to finish dressing. I couldn't move. When Amanda came back out of the bathroom, she looked beautiful. I was still naked and hard and she giggled at the sight of me and told me to hurry and meet me downstairs.

As she walked by me, she swiped her finger over the head of my cock. It instantly jumped at her touch. Her finger was covered in my juice and she put in her mouth.

"That was delicious. I want some of that for dessert."

I heard her giggling as she closed the door. She knew what she had just done to me.

After a few long minutes, my hard on finally shrank, enabling me to get dressed. As I went downstairs, I saw them all enjoying some wine on the couch. Natalie saw me first, and commented on how handsome I looked. Josh then handed me a glass with wine in it, too.

We chatted and then had dinner. Afterward, we went back to the couch to continue with our wine and continue catching up on reconnecting our friendship. Soon, I could tell the girls were getting pretty drunk.

As luck would have it, the conversation turned to sex. Natalie asked Amanda what she thought was a better orgasm: The orgasm via oral sex or from intercourse. She seemed to think that most women preferred oral.

I thought for sure that Amanda would shy away from answering the question, but instead she fired back that she liked them both equally because I was so good at both.

I saw a smile on Natalie's face when she said that and I was pleased with this talk, so far.

"Then have you ever had oral after intercourse?" Natalie asked.

Amanda and I looked puzzled. She replied, "Did you mean if I ever performed..."

Natalie cut her off and said, "No, not you. Did he ever do it to you after? You know, while you're still full of his stuff."

Amanda mumbled, "No."

"Well Josh did it to me once, and now we're both hooked on it.

Josh looked a little embarrassed. He looked up, when Amanda told him that it sounded interesting and so did I.

Huh? What was going on here? What did she mean that they're both hooked on it? He ate his own jizz?

Then Amanda asked Natalie what it felt like.

"It's the best. The first time he did it, I was lost. He had just cum in me and I had already cum earlier. However, I usually cum twice and he knew I hadn't cum again. So before I knew what he was up to, he had slid down my body and began to suck my clit."

Amanda asked Josh what was he was thinking.

"Well, I knew she wanted to get off again. So I just bent over and began to suck her clit. I'd do anything for her."

Amanda wanted to know if he minded the taste.

"I knew I had just came, so I had intended to just stay up high. Instead she pushed me on my back and straddled my face. I figured that was a better position for her. Then, all of a sudden, she slid forward and planted her pussy on my mouth."

Natalie said, "It felt so nasty. I couldn't help myself. I thought I would screw with him and teach him a lesson for not making me cum again."

Josh continued, "Then I tasted myself and it wasn't so bad. I would have swallowed motor oil to get the reaction I was getting out of her."

"But he began munching my twat and it felt out of this world. The naughtiness of him sucking his cum made me cum like never before," Natalie continued.

I was hard as a stone and all this talk had everyone ready to go. That's when Natalie said she had an idea. 

I told her, "What did you have in mind?"

She replied, "Have you guys ever swapped?"

My heart jumped in my chest. Did I just hear her right? I might actually get to screw this babe?

Amanda replied, "No we haven't".

Natalie asked, "Do you want to?"

Amanda looked at me. 

I told her that, "Whatever you're comfortable with."

She answered with a mischievous grin, "Then what did you have in mind?"

I thought my heart would stop. I couldn't wait to fuck Natalie. My dick was hard as stone.

"Remember when I asked you which orgasm you liked better? Well, what if you could have both, two guys at once. One who is licking you and one who is fucking you at the same time?"

Amanda said, "It sounds hot as long as only my husband fucks me."

I thought that would end me getting to fuck Natalie.

Natalie saved me by saying, "Fair enough, but I get to fuck him too." 

Amanda looked my way and said, "No problem."

I watched Amanda as she began to take her clothes off. Then I watched Natalie. Maybe this was a dream.

Natalie said that she would go first. She had me lie on the floor and told Josh to enter her from behind. I still couldn't believe this was happening. 

As I lay there completely naked, Natalie climbed over my face, as if she was doing a sixty-nine with me. I looked up and saw one of the most beautiful pussies I had ever seen. She was almost completely shaved and her lips were full and pink with excitement.

She told me to lift my head so she could place a small pillow beneath my head. As I did this, I got close to her pussy and I smelled her bouquet. I almost got dizzy. I extended my tongue out and began gently probing her with it. She tasted as good as she smelled. I sucked her and let my tongue dance in her hole.

I knew this definitely wasn't a dream, just a dream come true.

But then I noticed another presence. Josh had come up behind her. I looked back to see him try to insert his cock into her pussy. The problem was my tongue was still inside her. I guess he thought I was on her clit and before I could move out of the way, his cock brushed past my face and along my tongue as it pushed into her depth. It freaked me out to say the least, but it was exciting too. 

I thought I heard Amanda gasp. I hoped she hadn't seen that. 

I moved back and found Natalie's clit. 

Natalie said, "This feels so good. You're gonna love this too, Amanda."

Josh began banging her slowly. After only a few minutes, she began to approach her first orgasm, as he built himself up to his own. 

As he fucked her, I was amazed at how something so large, was plunging into her. She seemed to expand with each of his strokes. It was amazing to be so close to two people having sex and being part of it too!

That was until his cock slipped out of Natalie's pussy once and nearly went in my mouth. He apologized, but it still felt weird as it drug across my tongue as I licked her clit. I definately heard Amanda gasp this time, when she saw this.

His cock was really shiny with her juices now and her pussy had an overwhelming smell. All I could see, taste, hear and smell was sex.

Josh and I had her moaning uncontrollably now. As his pace picked up, his nuts began to retract to his body. He was getting close. I had no idea how close it seemed.

Without warning, he plunged one last time into her and shook with his release. His nuts were throbbing with each of his contractions. He began making guttural sounds and pulled his cock back a little before jamming it back in. Soon, he slipped out of her. 

I could see the toll his cock had taken on her poor, little pussy. Her pussy lips were now gaping open as well as being very red and shiny. I could see inside of her and watched his milky white cum gathering at the entrance to her pussy.

"Watch this Amanda," she said.

All at once she slid herself forward and lowered her used pussy to my mouth.

"Suck me clean now," she demanded. 

What the fuck is she doing? She's a mess! I wasn't expecting this. I tried to escape, but she pressed down and glued her pussy to my mouth. In reality, I loved eating this beautiful woman, regardless of the state of her crotch.

"Oh fuck, that feels good. This is what I told you Josh does for me and soon you'll feel it, too", Natalie said.

As I struggled halfheartedly to get up, I heard my wife say, "Do it for her. Please do it, for me?"

Then I felt her lips sucking on my cock. I couldn't believe she was pleading with me to suck her friend's pussy, after her husband had just filled it with his semen.

So I did what she asked of me. 

As I sucked the dripping pussy presented to me, I heard Natalie respond, "Oh fuck, he's good at it. Amanda, stop sucking him and watch how good your husband is doing."

I felt her lips slide off my cock for the second time today.

Then, as if it were just a whisper in my ear, I heard Amanda's voice from between Natalie's thighs above me, "Suck her pussy for me, you know you want to. And eat all of Josh's hot cum, too. That should serve you right for ogling her body. When you're done, I'm next."

As Josh's warm, sticky effluence drained from her crotch, it emptied directly into my mouth. As I tasted it, I noticed that his semen didn't taste that bad. There was just so much of it. 

Amanda remarked to Natalie, "Look, he's sucking on your pussy like a baby sucks on his mother's nipple. Only it's not mother's milk this baby's after, it's daddy's milk."

They all shared a laugh at my expense, I even heard Josh laughing now. He must be getting a kick out of watching me suck his spunk out of his wife's sloppy cunt after he fucked it. Still, I kept sucking and swallowing until there was no more. Then she shifted herself forward on my face until my mouth found her clit again. 

"Now finish me off!"

I began to suck it and then I felt a pussy slide over my pole. It was Amanda beginning to ride me. 

We were all interconnected now. It seemed that the harder I sucked Natalie's clit for her, the louder she moaned. In turn, the better I got Natalie off, the faster and harder Amanda fucked me. 

Then all of a sudden, Natalie screamed, "I'm cumming. I'm fucking cumming."

I heard Amanda yell, "So am I!" Her pussy clenched down hard on my cock as Natalie's pussy clenched down on my tongue.

That was all I could take also as my cock finally got its relief and exploded deep inside of my wife. All of her teasing earlier would have been enough to make me deliver a massive load. But the fact that I had just sucked the pussy of her gorgeous friend just increased my orgasm by tenfold. I pumped out more cum from my balls than I thought was humanly possible. 

After I had completely filled her pussy up, Natalie climbed off my face and told Amanda to, "Do it."

With that, my wife slowly disengaged herself from my cock and with a smile, spun herself around. Her pussy was now directly over my face.

"Please do it for me," she begged.

I looked at her beautiful face and her sparkling eyes. I could never refuse her anything. So I nodded yes and she lowered her dripping snatch onto my mouth. 

As I began to tongue her stretched pussy, I tasted that same familiar liquid beginning to enter my mouth. I began sucking mouthfuls of my spunk out of her and she was going wild.

"It feels so good. It feels like he's sucking my insides out, Natalie."

"I know, your husband is good. Maybe better than Josh," she replied.

When she was clean of my seed, she slid herself forward so I could suck on her clit and finish her off.

But Josh had other ideas. As I sucked her, I was unaware that there was still another surprise in store for me tonight. I felt someone's presence again and recognized Josh's monster cock making another visit for some pussy. This time it was my wife he wanted to fuck.

"Amanda, his tongue might be better than mine but you still haven't tried this," Josh said. "Do you want some?"

Then Natalie said, "Go ahead, you won't regret it. See what a cock and a tongue at the same time feels like."

Amanda said, "Fuck me then, Josh."

I stopped licking my wife and said, "Just don't cum inside her, anywhere but inside her."

I watched my wife's hand reach back and grasp his cock. It was her left hand and her wedding ring sparkled brightly as she guided his cock into her wet snatch.

"Don't stop licking me, I want to experience this," she begged me.

We began at a nice pace. I watched as his cock disappeared in Amanda's snatch as it did in Natalie's snatch before. But soon, I could tell that they both needed to cum. So, I began licking at her cunt furiously as he began pummeling her pussy with his cock.

I heard her yell, "Fuck me harder. Please harder!" She began to shake with her orgasm and then she cried out with joy. I worked on her clit until she couldn't take it and I moved my mouth and tongue back.

Josh apparently couldn't take anymore either. 

"I'm gonna cum! Where should I cum?" he asked desperately.

Amanda said, "Anywhere, just, not in me."

He said, "Fuck, here it cums!"

I watched in awe as his balls tightened. He withdrew his cock from her pussy to shoot it on her ass. His cock was a deep red and shiny with her cum. The head swelled and then I heard Amanda say, "I've got an idea."

"Oh fuck here it cums. Oh fuckkkk!!!" he yelled.

Just as he began to cum, I saw Amanda reach back and grab his cock before he exploded. He seemed as surprised as I. We both weren't sure of what she was doing.

Then she pulled him by the cock forward and back towards her. But not in her pussy this time! I saw it coming straight at me and before I could move, she had jammed his cock in my mouth.

I would have screamed, if my mouth wasn't suddenly so full. He seemed shocked too, but he couldn't change the outcome. It was simply too late. 

As she jammed him in my mouth, the surprise of being pulled forward caused him to lose his balance. He fell on top of her. Now, their combined body weight, had me pinned me down. I felt the hot rubbery head inside my mouth. As he continued to fall across her back, his cock drove deeper to the back of my mouth. It dragged across my tongue, racking him with greater pleasure. 

Then his cock jerked with its release. 

All of this happened in the blink of an eye.

I knew what was happening and so did he. I waited for the eventuality of what was next and so it began. As he exploded in my mouth, I felt his cum hitting the back of my throat. There was nothing Josh or I could do, even if we could. He was in the middle of his orgasm and I would have reacted the same way. 
