 "Is this the right place?"

"It's the address I was given."

"It's a bit... Grand."

As if to dispel our doubts, there was a deep buzz and the ten foot high wrought iron gates began to open slowly. A female voice on the entrance intercom invited me to;

"Drive up to the house."

To say that I was nervous would be an understatement. Our first venture into 'swinging'. Arranged via an internet site, the purpose of our visit was sex. To fuck and be fucked. Simple really. It reminded me of my first visit to a brothel, or 'massage parlour'. No preamble, no commitments, no promises. Fuck and go.

Our hosts were waiting at the front door of the house. Modern, mock Georgian.

And big. The house that is, not our hosts. Richard and Veronica. Rick and Ronnie. About our age, early thirties. Obviously well off. They were Afro-Caribbean origin. Grandparents part of the first post war immigration. Ronnie was much darker skinned than Rick.

We were shown into a lounge and given drinks. There was about fifteen minutes of small talk, then Ronnie said;

"Now is your last chance to change your mind. Do we all want to proceed?"

I looked at Abi and we both nodded.

"Good," Ronnie went on. "let's go upstairs. There are no rules, as such. Anything goes provided both, or all, parties agree. But we always start by taking a shower. Is that okay?"

Again we nodded. This time Rick spoke;

"There is a shower in the bedroom, and another in the main bathroom opposite. You can stay together if you wish, but it might be fun to change partners now and get to know each other better before the main event."

We agreed to swap now. The 'main event' was to be a foursome, but the prospect of exploring Ronnie's fine body in the shower was very appealing. Ronnie guided me into the main bathroom. A wet room in fact. And spacious. Travertine marble on walls and floor. Half the room was shower, with a wall hung WC on one wall and two hand basins on the other, well away from the 'wet' area.

Ronnie closed the door behind us, put her arms around my neck and we kissed, deep, tongue meshing. I took hold of her buttocks and pulled her against my erection. She in turn, rubbed her mound against it.

"Unzip me."

She ordered, then moved away so that her dress could fall to the floor. No underwear. She was nude but for her high-heeled shoes. She was gorgeous. Large firm tits the colour of dark chocolate, with even darker nipples. Stiff. Demanding attention. I bent and took one in my mouth, savouring it, rolling it with my tongue.

She undid the buttons of my shirt and undid my pants, then pushed them and my underpants down, allowing my hard-on to spring free.

"Is that all for me?"

She asked coyly.

"Oh yes, I replied, "but can you leave me for a minute? I need to pee."

"So pee." She replied. Don't be shy."

I was, but I did not admit it, instead I said;

"I can't pee with it in this condition."

"Yes you can," she said, "Try. Come into the shower and just let it go. Would you like me to hold it for you?"

She led me by the cock into the shower, and I tried, but nothing came.

"I'll show you."

She said. In the shower area, one side was constructed as a seat, about a foot wide. Ronnie perched on the edge of the seat and spread her legs, revealing dark pink cunt-lips, which she pulled apart. After a few seconds, a jet of pee squirted in an arc across the shower.

"Your turn." She said. She stood behind me and held my cock between finger and thumb, a move more likely to prevent micturation than induce it. She tapped a panel on the wall and gentle jets of water sprayed from the sides of the shower. Not cold, but not warm either. The shock of it caused my cock to subside slightly and at last the tap opened and a thin stream of pee emerged. Ronnie seemed delighted and waved it about, making patterns.

When I was drained, Ronnie made the water warmer and more powerful, and we spent the next ten minutes washing each others bodies, then drying them on soft, fluffy towels. I was erect all the time and in danger of going off prematurely.

I needed to fuck.

We padded naked across the landing and into the bedroom. Again large. The bed must have been seven feet square. Big enough for four if they were close. Which was the plan. Rick was standing at the foot of the bed, Abi was kneeling at his feet. Her left hand cupped Rick's balls, her right hand encircled the root of his cock, the rest of it she had in her mouth, sucking well.

In fact she was on the point of finishing him off. Rick threw back his head and groaned, then jerked as he shot his seed into the back of Abi's throat. She held him in her mouth until he was finished, then released him and opened her mouth to show us the spunk lying at the bottom of her mouth before slowly letting it slide down her throat. Ronnie drew her up to a standing position and kissed her on her spunky lips, probing Abi's mouth with her tongue, as if trying to recover her partner's spent semen. Ronnie broke the kiss and licked her lips.

"Mmm. Later."

She said, rather cryptically.

Abi and Rick were one jump ahead, all that pissing about in the shower had lost us valuable fucking time. Abi pushed Rick back on the bed. His cock was hard again, or perhaps, still. I observed that, although his looked a bit longer than mine, I had him well beaten on thickness. Abi straddled his face and lowered her cunt onto his mouth. Ronnie was now on her knees in front of me and sucking my length deep inside her mouth until her nose was buried in my pubic hair. My own pent-up come was screaming for release, I could not have held back even if I had wanted to.

And I did not want too. As Ronnie began sucking my cock, I held her face with both hands and said;

"I'm coming."

She looked me in the eyes and sucked harder as I fired jet after jet into her lovely mouth. She drank down every drop, then stood up and kissed me open mouthed.

I could taste myself. I remembered that she had just kissed Abi's lips, wet with Rick's come. His essence was there too. I suppressed a shudder. I gently eased Ronnie back onto the bed, she raised her knees and spread her legs, everything was on offer. I decided to start with her tits.

I glanced over to where Abi was queening Rick. His hands cupped her arse cheeks. In the short time that I watched, he moved his left hand to Abi's right tit and his right hand to his cock to gently wank it. I noticed for the first time that he had no pubic hair. Bald balls. Perhaps that was why his tool looked so long.

I smiled and turned my attention to Ronnie's waiting teats. I sucked each in turn, grazing each with my teeth, causing her to squirm. When I had had my fill of nipples, I worked slowly down Ronnie's voluptuous body towards my prime target. She too, was hairless. Not shaved though. Too smooth. Her mound was like a peach. I pushed the flaps apart with my nose and blew gently into the revealed slit. Again she squirmed. I reached out with my tongue and gently touched her stiff little clit. She pushed up towards me to increase contact and I moved my tongue lower, into her hole.

This time she cried out. I moved my tongue around inside, probing in as far as I could, then out to resume licking the swollen lips of her sex. Down, onto her perineum and further. I licked all round her puckered arse-hole before plunging my tongue in there too. She came violently.

When her spasms had subsided, she pulled me up over her body and said;

"Put your cock in me. Fuck me."

I positioned myself between her thighs, she seized my cock with both hands and crammed it up into her juicy cunt. I was ball deep in a single thrust. I held still to savour her heat, and for her to adjust to my thickness, then slowly at first, began to fuck her with long, deep thrusts.

Throughout the fuck, Ronnie made little jerking movements. I think that she was still coming from me sucking her. Her cunt clenched my cock with every jerk and I was doomed to yet another early ejaculation. Ronnie was too far gone to notice, she cried out as my spunk pulsed into her. Her legs were wrapped tightly round my waist, pulling me as far into her as possible.

I stayed inside her, but took my weight on my arms, and looked across at the other couple. Abi must have reached her climax astride Rick's face and was now impaled on his cock, riding it with enthusiasm. As I watched, he pulled her down on to him and with a groan, pumped his second helping deep inside her.

I withdrew from Ronnie's cunt and sat back on my haunches. Her hole still gaped where I had reamed it, come dribbled from it. Abi raised herself off Rick's wilted cock. It too, shone with wetness. Abi held herself over him and pressed her hand flat onto the base of her belly. Come dripped out of her onto Rick's bare balls. She lifted his soft member and let it drop wetly back onto his belly. Turning to head towards Ronnie, she said;

"Half time?"

Ronnie grinned and sat up.

"Men." She quipped. "No staying power."

Rick went downstairs to fetch a second bottle of wine. I got off the bed and sat in a nearby chair. Abi lay down on the bed. Ronnie bent over and kissed her on the mouth, cupping a tit as she did so. I expected Abi to reject her, but no, she put her arm around Ronnie's neck and drew her closer. By the time Rick returned, Ronnie was feasting on Abi's nipples, and from the look on her face, Abi was loving it.

Ronnie kissed her way down Abi's body towards her wet, gaping cunt and placed her mouth over it. Abi's body stiffened as Ronnie's tongue found it's mark. Without disengaging, Ronnie squirmed around and lifted a leg over Abi's face.

"No!" I thought, "Surely not?"

But I was wrong again, Abi's hands took a firm grip on Ronnie's firm buttocks and pulled her down onto her face. I could hear the slurps as they sucked spunk from each other's cunt. Mine from Ronnie's and Rick's from Abi's. I sat with my mouth wide open as they took each other to another orgasm.

They at last parted and lay side by side on the bed, panting, wild eyed, faces shining with lust and fuck-juice.

"More men!" Said Ronnie. More cock! More spunk! Give us more!

We had no more, but it was quickly replenishing. My cock was like an iron bar.

We did in fact take a break and finished the wine between us before starting round three. Ronnie began by sucking my cock back to full erection, Abi performed a similar service for Rick.

"Suck me off again."

Ordered Ronnie. And she spread herself on the bed again. Abi positioned herself alongside, but head to tail and indicated that she wanted the same from Rick. This time, I took my time and explored every crease of Ronnie's wonderful cunt. Each time I felt that she was close, I would draw back, denying her another climax. When it came. I wanted it to be earth-moving.

Eventually my jaw ached and so did my cock. I was ready to come again. I took Ronnie's clit between the forefinger and thumb of my right hand, pushed two fingers of my left into her gaping cunt, and pushed my stiffened tongue as far up her arse as I could get. She came. Screaming. I scrambled up the bed and pushed my cock into her clenching cunt and fucked.

I didn't want to come in this position, but because of my two previous spendings, I was able to keep thrusting into Ronnie until she stopped coming and opened her eyes. I pulled out of her.

"Turn over." I instructed.

As she positioned herself for doggy style, I watched the other pair for a few seconds. Rick was ball-deep in my wife again, this time with him on top. Her legs were around him, preventing his escape as he pumped. Ronnie interrupted my spectating by instructing me to;

"Put it in then."

Her lovely arse was pushed up, displaying all her treasures, gaping cunt and tightly puckered anus. She had said, 'Anything goes.' Did this include anal? It was tempting, but I knew that I would shoot my load if I tried to enter a hole that tight. I had come twice already, normally I am a two-shot fucker, but I knew that I was ready for a third volley.

I decided that I would have better control in the slacker of the two holes, placed my tip against her wet cleft and pushed, sliding home in one slow thrust, causing Ronnie to groan as I filled her. I fucked slowly and smoothly, trying to forget the pressure in my balls. I leaned back so that I could give Ronnie long, deep thrusts. In this position I could see her arsehole, almost winking at me. I leaned forward again so that I could reach her tits, mauling them as I pumped.

Beside us, Rick and Abi had changed position to match ours and were matching our movements. I moved back again for a better view, Rick followed my move. I could now see his long, thin prick sliding easily in and out of Abi. Ronnie's inviting Arsehole was now visible again, I reached out and pushed my thumb inside, much to Ronnie's delight. She turned her head to me and said;

"Put your cock in there. Up my bum. Come up my arse."

I pulled out of her cunt and positioned the shiny, wet end of my cock against her hole. I pushed, she relaxed, and I slowly slid full length inside her. Ronnie moaned with pain/pleasure as her body adjusted to my girth. I had to remain still. I dared not move for fear of losing it. She was so tight and felt hot against my shaft.

Abi spoke;

"Do that to me."

She instructed Rick.

"Bugger me. Fuck my arse. Fill it with spunk."

Rick obliged. Abi squealed as his snake burrowed into her entrails. I could hold back no longer. I started to ram myself up Ronnie's arse, knowing that it was all over. Rick took up my rhythm, pounding Abi's insides with his meat. We came simultaneously, flooding the secret depths of each other's wife with our last reserves. 

Synchronised sodomy.

***

We drove home almost in silence, apart from the usual, 'Are you okay?'

"We'll be in touch." They had said as we left.

Abi fell asleep immediately when we got to bed. I felt tired physically, but my mind was still running on adrenaline, I could not sleep. I had never seen Abi with another man, although I knew that she had one occasionally, as I had other women. We had strict rules about it, rules which were now shattered.

Both our jobs used to take us away now and again. For as much as a week, mostly in the UK. A week is a long time to go without if you are as highly sexed as we are, so we agreed that we could, 'Play away from home.' On the understanding that we would not keep secrets, we would tell each other when it had happened. This matured into not only telling when it had happened, but what had happened, in increasingly graphic detail. It was a huge turn-on for both of us, and we would end up fucking each other to exhaustion afterwards.

As our careers progressed, we travelled less, so extra-marital activity became less common and we both missed it. We had decided to try 'swinging' as a substitute. Rick and Ronnie were our first swing. And yes, it was as exciting to see Abi gulp down a stranger's spunk as it was to hear about it. I was hooked. But I would have to wait until morning to see if Abi felt the same way, she was snoring gently alongside me.

We reviewed our adventure over a leisurely breakfast next morning.

Yes. She certainly had enjoyed being royally rogered by Rick. My presence had been a bonus, as had seeing me plug Ronnie's various holes. What about her lezzie scene with Ronnie, where had that come from? Had she done that before?

"No, not unless you include mutual masturbation with girlfriends until I could get my hands on cock. It was a spontaneous thing. She was available, neither Rick nor you were. Ronnie is right, there is never enough cock when a woman is desperate for it."

Would she do it again?

"Oh yes. Fruit of the Lotus and all that. Think about it, I can come at least ten times to your once. Who is the stronger sex?"

She was right. Nature has been unkind in that respect. And even discounting the female's huge capacity for orgasms, a woman can take cock almost non-stop, as history relates with it's records of many 'insatiable' women. I seem to remember reading about a woman who took on over six hundred!

Abi was silent for a while, deep in thought. Then:

"How would you feel if I arranged to have sex with two men at the same time?"

"Two strangers? Not one plus me?" I countered. "What would be in it for me?"

She grinned.

"Lots of warm semen!"

***

On Thursday morning of the following week, in my office, the receptionist called with a 'private caller on line one'. It was Ronnie. (How did she know my work number?) Could I meet her for lunch? We met in a pub a few streets away from my office. She looked edible. Every male eye was on her, and most of the female ones. We found a corner table and by the time our food was ready we were no longer the centre of attention. After making sure that we had enjoyed our swap, Ronnie explained that she and Rick were part of a swingers group. We were invited to the next meeting, which was to be in North London and was an orgy.

Sometimes the group drew lots for partners and went off into a room for an evening of private sex. Sometimes the arrangements were made by 'phone and the men would travel to the homes of female swingers, and spend the night there. Sometimes it was foursomes. But once every few weeks, they met for group sex, sometimes random, sometimes scripted. Abi and I were invited to a group session, a fuck-fest. A sort of test, I imagined. She gave me a 'phone number to call, assuming Abi agreed.

Ronnie was pressed up close to me throughout, her soft breasts warm against me, my hand was up her skirt, on her thigh above her stocking top and I could feel the heat from her cunt. This, coupled with the thought of an orgy, had my cock rigid under the table. It deflated quickly though, when she passed me a small plastic container, with 'MorCome' on the label. Semen enhancing capsules! My erection tried to retreat into my balls.

"Oh," I mumbled. "Did I not reach the required standard?"

She laughed.

"No, you were fine. No man can come like a porn stud every time. The pills speed recovery between ejaculations, but they seem effective in increasing volume too. All the men in the group take them. There will also be Viagra available on the night, if you feel the need. You men worry too much about cock size and huge ejaculations, all a girl needs is one that stays hard."

I asked how she knew my work 'phone number. She replied;

"We know a lot about you. We had you checked out. The group is careful about it's members, we don't want time-wasters."

She looked around, it had been a late lunch. The pub was by now almost empty. She leaned in close and whispered:

"Follow me out to the Ladies, I need fucking."

She left. I paid our bill and followed. She was standing outside the Ladies toilets. She took my hand a pulled me inside, leading me to a cubicle. She undid my pants and pushed them and my underpants down to my ankles, then pushed me back to sit on the seat. My cock was pointing at the ceiling. She hoiked up her skirt, she must have already removed her knickers. She used one hand to hold her cunt open and the other to guide me home. She was dripping wet. She fucked me, riding my cock to a climax just as someone came in and took the cubicle next door. I blasted a generous amount of my own juice high inside her. Our neighbour must have heard everything!

I worked late to make up for my long lunch-break. I called Abi to say that I would be late home, I would grab a bite to eat on the way.

It was about eight thirty when I got home, Abi was in the room that we use as an office, logged on to the web. I told her about the invitation to join the group. She was keen, but pre-occupied by what she had been doing on the internet. She had located a couple of studs who would be happy to help with her 'double-bunk' plan. She had been waiting for my approval before confirming the arrangements for a preliminary meeting, the next evening, at a pub about twenty miles away. Why not? I thought. I had watched her fucked by one stranger, why not two? Besides, if we were accepted into the swingers group, there would be many more. I reached out and hit the return key to send the confirmation.
