 Feeling like my sexy adventure was coming to a climactic peak, I was getting ready for a night out in the city with Jared, his dad, Neil and their new potential business partners. Knowing nothing about business, I suspected that my contribution to the business meeting would be of a very sexual nature. I loved the anticipation!

I spent two hours getting ready. I curled my long red hair and pinned my bangs off my face; I'd recently dyed it a dark scarlet red, something about my recent adventures made me want to appear even more sexy and sultry. I applied a little more make up than I usually do, smokey eyes and red lips. I put on my little black dress, it was smart and subtle enough for a fancy restaurant but still hugged my curves. 

I stood in the mirror in my room brushing through some of my curls when Jared came in. 

"I'm ready," I said, eager to go out and have a drink to settle my nerves.

"Wow, you look great," Jared said, coming to stand behind me in the mirror, "I almost don't want to share you."

"Um, I," I stammered, he hadn't actually told me if I'd be fucking guys tonight.

"Relax. I mean sharing your company with the guys," he replied, winking.

He pushed himself up behind me and cupped my ass in my little black dress. He'd fucked me hard earlier that day, filled me with cum and left me wanting more. I was loving his dominating tone, ordering me not to play with myself despite desperately wanting my orgasm. I'd waited all day.

Jared reached down and lifted up the back of my dress, exposing my ass in my hot pink lacy panties.

"Nice touch," he smiled, "Giving me something to think about whilst we're eating dinner?"

I smiled and bit my lip. I wanted nothing more than Jared to bend me over and stick his cock in me right there. Instead, he pushed his hand down between my legs and inserted two fingers into my pussy.

"Now I'll be thinking about those slutty panties getting wetter and wetter," he teased, "You're going to have to wait a little longer."

He twisted his fingers around and pulled them out of my pussy. 

"We're leaving," he said, leaving me in my quivering state. I wasn't sure how I'd last the night without a good fuck.

We left the apartment, met Jared's Dad Neil at the hotel reception and got a taxi to 'The Julo Lounge' where we were meeting Leonard Rayson and Stephen Tykes. We were shown to the reserved table and the waiter brought over some bottles of chilled champagne whilst we waited for the clients to arrive. 

The restaurant was the most fanciest place I think I'd ever been; crisp white table cloths, crystal glass wear, a tall ceiling with chandeliers. I shuffled in my seat, pulling my dress down my legs a little, hoping I didn't look too under dressed for such a fancy place but nobody seemed to notice. 

After a few minuets, Leonard and Stephen arrived, greeted Jared and Neil with handshakes and sat down. Jared sat on my left and Leonard sat to my right around the round table with Neil and Stephen opposite.

"This is my friend Eve, who is joining us this evening," Jared introduced, "Eve, this is Stephen and Leonard."

"Leo is fine," replied the man in the brown blazer jacket, "Pleasure to have you're company Eve".

Leo was in his mid-thirties, brown tousled hair with a short beard, I though he was a bit hipster looking; not what I expected for a businessman. 

Stephen half smiled at me and nodded then began to engage in serious conversation with Neil. Stephen looked older than Leo, in his mid-forties, about the same age as Neil. He had black hair, gelled back in a smart looking style and was wearing a suit with an open buttoned grey shirt. 

The men talked for about 40 minuets about business stuff as our starters came out from the kitchen. I ate and drank champagne, not feeling that I could say anything but I was comfortable enough. Jared glanced aside to me every so often, and when he did, Leo noticed and smiled too.

The conversation lightened as the evening went on, they were clearly getting on well. They began to joke with each other and share anecdotes, I laughed along. The champagne was flowing. 

We finished the final course and Jared and Stephen excused themselves from the table to go outside and smoke. Neil and Leo continued talking about holidays in European countries I'd never heard of. 

I sat, trying to follow the conversation and taking sips of champagne. 

I felt a hand graze over my thigh under the table; it was Leo. I froze but tried not to make my surprise obvious. Leo continued talking as if nothing was happening. He placed his hand firmly on my leg and squeezed, before taking it away and taking a drink. 

My heart was racing, I found Leo attractive but I realized that I didn't actually know if this was OK. I excused myself from the table to go to the bathroom. I touched up my make up and checked myself out in the mirror, distracting myself from the dilemma - am I here to be 'enjoyed' by these men?

I left the bathroom and began walking down the corridor towards the dining room when Leo turned the corner and walked towards me. 

"Hey beautiful," he said, smiling, "I'm sorry if me touching you made you uncomfortable, it's just been a little while since I've been in the company of a beautiful girl."

He was smooth and charming, I smiled and shook my head.

"No, it's fine," I replied, nervously. 

"Mmm, well in that case, maybe you'll indulge me just a little more," he said, leaning into me and pressing his lips gently on mine. 

He kissed me softly for just a few seconds then moved away.

"It makes a difference having a lady at these business meetings," he said, "You can come again."

Leo continued down the corridor to the men's bathroom. I returned to the table.

Jared and Stephen were back at the table talking and Neil was paying the bill. I glanced at Jared as I sat down, feeling guilty for kissing Leo but incredibly turned on by the secret. When Leo returned, we all left and got taxis to the next bar.

I sat in the back of a taxi with Jared and Stephen as Neil and Leo took another. 

"So how long have you two been together?" asked Stephen, I sat awkwardly in between them on the back seat. 

"We're just friends," Jared replied, smiling, knowing that the chemistry between us was obvious.

"Ha, yeah I believe that," Stephen said sarcastically, "but if you're telling me this stunning young lady is available, that interests me."

I had that familiar spark of excitement shoot through my heart and stomach, I sat between these men feeling like a piece of meat. Perhaps Jared was approving of Stephen and Leo in our little group fuck arrangement

"Hey, let's just have a few more drinks," Jared said, "You can get to know Eve a bit better."

"I'd like that," I interrupted, feeling like I hadn't said two words that night.

I smiled at Stephen, he was older than any guy I'd been with before but very attractive. He looked stern and mysterious.

I was starting to feel tipsy and stopped worrying about the 'rules', I knew I was fair game that night.

We all arrived at a night club although it seemed a bit more up-market than the nightclubs I'd been to around campus. It was really busy but Neil spoke to the doorman and we all got in straight away. Inside, there were people everywhere, dancing and drinking to loud music.

"This brings back some memories right Leo?," Stephen shouted over the loud music.

"I've got us a booth," Neil shouted and gestured to the back of the club. 

We weaved through the crowd of people and came to the VIP area. Of course, Neil had pulled out all the stops. We had a booth and table in the VIP area, partitioned off which dulled the loud music a little, set up with chilled bottles of champagne and waitresses hovering around to take more drinks orders.

"What are you drinking doll?" Neil asked me.

"Hmmm," I perused a cocktail menu, "Pornstar Martini."

"Great choice," he replied, amused. He gave the waitress an order of drinks and she went away.

I sat in the booth next to Leo as the other guys stood around chatting and laughing over the music. Leo rested his arm across the seat behind me and leaned in to talk to me so he didn't have to shout. 

"What do you do Eve?" he asked, piercing me with his green eyed gaze. 

I could smell his expensive cologne as he leaned in, a massive turn on for me.

"I'm a college student," I replied, trying to compose myself from the feeling of wanting to just kiss him again.

"Nice," he replied, clearly enjoying the effect he was having on a young college girl, "What's your major?"

"Fine art," I said, studying his beautiful rugged face like a masterpiece.

Our moment was interrupted by the other guys cheering loudly as the waitress returned with two trays of drinks. One tray had four beers and my cocktail and the other tray had a eight tequila slammers. 

"Get these down you boys," Neil said, taking the first tequila and passing it to me "You too doll."

We all laughed, helping each other to pour salt on on our wrists and line up our shots and lime slices.

"Two each," Jared said, sitting next to me in the booth.

"To prosperous times ahead!" Stephen toasted, lifting his first shot.

We all licked the salt from our wrists, shot back the tequila and sucked the lime slices, followed by grimacing faces and laughter. 

"Delicious right?" Leo laughed, watching me clear my throat after the burning spirit.

"I've never done that before," I admitted, trying to swallow the taste.

"I'll show you my special way of doing this on the next one then," Leo said, grabbing my wrist and topping up the patch of salt. 

We lined up the next tequila shots. Leo held onto my wrist and gave me his, he licked my wrist and encouraged me to lick his. Then he gave me the tequila shot and drank his own too, then placed a lime slice in his mouth and launched himself in for a kiss. We locked lips with the lime still in his mouth, the cool, sharp citrus squeezed into my mouth.

The guys cheered again, amused by Leo's little performance. Leo let go of me and removed the lime from his mouth, grinning ear to ear. I laughed, trying to catch my breath. Jared leaned over from the other side of me and stuck his tongue in my mouth, kissing me roughly then pulling away.

I saw Stephen's eyes light up from across the booth, as if he'd seen a glimpse of what I was willing to do tonight. His stare was intimidating, almost like he wasn't willing to share me.

Neil handed out the bottles of beer to the guys and I sipped at my sweet cocktail.

The night continued, the guys chatted and drank, I danced with Leo; he didn't take himself too seriously.

Leo put his hands on my hips as we danced and moved in closer. The music seemed to get louder and the air felt hotter. I put my arms over Leo's shoulders and we grinded, I rocked my ass and pushed myself into his crotch. We carried on dirty dancing, putting on a show for the other guys. 

Neil, who hadn't showed any romantic interest in me since the awkward glance in the kitchen this morning, came up behind me to join in. I continued dancing, dropping low then slowly shaking my ass back into Neil who was dancing behind me. It excited me, like being double teamed but with our clothes on.

I glanced over at Jared; I worried that he had a problem with me behaving this way in front of his dad but Jared was smiling. He sipped his beer and looked aside to Stephen, clearly proud of the arrangement he had orchestrated. 

The song ended and we took a break to drink. Stephen didn't take his eyes off me, as if he was imagining the things he's like to do to me. He sat in the booth sipping his beer. I walked over to him, holding his gaze.

"Can I join you?" I asked.

"Of course," Stephen replied, leaning back against the seat.

He rubbed his leg, gesturing me to sit on his lap. I obliged and straddled him in the booth. He watched my body move over him until I met his gaze face to face. He placed his hands on my neck and weaved his fingers through my hair, pulling firmly and guiding my face towards his. He kissed me hard like Jared had earlier, he'd already figured out I liked it rough. 

He worked his tongue in my mouth, maintaining a tight grip on my hair. He then moved his hands down, exploring my body. He placed both hands on my tits over my dress, he squeezed hard making me moan as he kissed me. His hands then moved over my tiny waist and me pulled me in closer to him so my tits rested on his chest. He then worked his way down to my ass; my dress had ridden up as I straddled him, exposing the bottom of my ass cheeks. 

My hot pink lacy thong was now on show to the rest of the men, I must have looked like a slut but that's clearly what they liked.

Stephen's fingers found their was to my pussy, he flicked my clit and rubbed his fingers over my pussy lips, feeling my wetness. 

"Mmmm mmm," I groaned, feeling extremely horny, I was more than ready for a good fuck.

I grinded down into Stephen's lap, I could feel his hard cock growing against my clit. 

"Hmmm, you're ready for it aren't you?" He teased, "Not here."

Stephen gestured to Neil, 'lets go'.

We got up out of the booth and the guys downed the rest of their drinks. We left the VIP area and weaved back through the crowded nightclub, I held onto Jared's hand so I didn't lose him. Neil flagged down some cabs outside as Jared made a phonecall; he called the hotel ahead to send up more drinks to our apartment. 

The cabs arrived and Neil opened the door of the first one for me.

"I'll take this one with Eve," Stephen said, walking up behind me and guiding me into the back of the second cab, "we'll meet you there."

I glanced over at Jared to check this was OK, he smiled.

"Sure thing," Jared called back as he got into the second cab with Neil and Leo.

I sat with Stephen in the back seat, his eyes still all over me.

"You're a hot little thing aren't you?" he said, "I bet you do all sorts of things my wife doesn't do."

"Mmm hmm, what did you have in mind?" I asked, seductively, lowering my voice so we didn't draw the attention of the cab driver.

He pulled his cock out, it was erect and inviting. I leaned over the seat so his cock was inches away from my face. I stuck my tongue out and edged towards the tip of his hard dick. 

"Like this?" I whispered, and gently touched the tip with my tongue. 

"Ohh yes," he said, eagerly.

I licked the top of his cock, tasting pre-cum; my show in the club must have got him excited. I licked down his shaft, savoring the moment like I was enjoying a sweet popsicle. 

"Mmmmm mmmmm," he groaned, "you're a little tease aren't you?"

I placed my lips around the top of his cock and swirled my tongue around. I then lowered my head down further, taking more cock in my mouth. I sucked it hard and bobbed my head up and down. 

"Fuuucccckk," Stephen whispered, trying to be discreet in the back of the cab.

I continued to suck, moving up and down his shaft, lapping up every inch of cock I could fit in my mouth. I felt it pulsate on my tongue, I bobbed my head faster, anticipating a mouth full of hot cum any second. 

"Jeeeeze," Stephen said under his breath, clenching his fists.

His cock exploded in my mouth, filling me with cum. I lifted my head up and looked him in the eye as I swallowed his cum, licking my lips and biting my lip, I loved it. 

Stephen shook his head in disbelief that he'd got a blow job from a 20 year old in the back of a cab.

The journey was short and we soon arrived at the hotel and met the other guys at the lobby. We got into the elevator; I stood in the middle of the four men, feeling incredibly vulnerable, like I was about to get used and abused but in the most pleasurable way possible. 

"Hmm, what's this?" Jared said, pointing at some of the curls in my hair.

I ran my fingers through my hair and realized a bit of Stephen's cum had dripped out of my mouth in the cab. I blushed and looked embarrassed. 

"It's OK slut," Jared said, "I think the guys know by now what a slut you are."

"Stephen definitely knows," Leo laughed. 

"Perhaps it's about time we started using that more fitting name for you, slut." Jared said.

We arrived at our floor and went to the apartment. 

"Get in there, and wait for us slut," Jared ordered as we entered the apartment, he pointed to his bedroom.

They all went to the kitchen to open some more beers. They were joking about sexual experiences they'd had at college.

I quickly went into my own room and changed into my black lacy negligee and kept on my hot pink panties. I went to Jared's bedroom and sat on the bed, eagerly waiting. 

Leo came to the bedroom first and approached me sitting on the bed. 

"What a nice little surprise you turned out to be," he said, looking me up and down, "Jared told us about your special interest in being fucked by lots of guys."

"Mmm hmm," I agreed, "I'm super horny right now, I just want cock."

"You see, I've got a special interest in tight little pussies," he said, ignoring my plea.

Leo pushed me back on the bed so I lay down and he spread my legs open. He knelt down at the foot of the bed so he could get a closer look at me. I felt his fingers push aside my pink panties that were already soaking wet. He rubbed his fingers up and down my pussy lips.

"Mmmm isn't that a beautiful sight," he said, admiring my shaven pink pussy.

He rubbed his thumb against my clit, making me moan and arch my back. I ached to be fucked and Leo was enjoying teasing me. He dipped a finger into my wet pussy and removed it and flicked my clit again. Then he plunged two fingers inside of me and started finger fucking me, my pussy juices lubricating his hand. 

"Mmmm mmm please, please fuck me," I begged, panting in anticipation.

"Not yet, I haven't had a taste yet," he replied, taking both of his hands to spread open my pussy lips.

I felt his tongue against my clit, he flicked it with the tip of his tongue then took a big lick down to my pussy hole. He put what felt like three fingers into my pussy and began to finger me again, keeping his mouth over my clit. It felt amazing, he knew exactly what he was doing and my orgasm was building. 

Leo continued working my pussy as Stephen entered the room and took a seat in the corner. He had time to recover from my cock sucking in the taxi and I hoped that watching me squirm on the bed would turn him on ready for round two. 

I arched my back tightly, gripping the sheets with my fists as Leo's fingering became faster and my orgasm took hold. I darted my eyes over to Stephen's, he was watching me intensely and this tipped me over the edge; my orgasm flowed through my entire body.

"Ohhh ohhh fuuuck me," I moaned, pushing my hips down further and wishing that Leo's fingers were his cock instead.

I didn't have to wait for his cock for long; as I lay back panting to catch my breath, Leo stood up and pulled his it out. Jared and Neil walked into the room to see me sprawled out on the bed in my black negligee and soaked through hot pink panties. 

"That tight little pussy is ready for a proper fuck now," Leo said, admiring my sticky cum on his fingers, "Let's get you in position, slut."

I continued to lie there, feeling overwhelmed by the feeling of having an orgasm yet still being incredibly horny; as if all the cocks in the room were never going to be enough. 

"Mr Rayson wants you to move slut," Jared ordered, sternly, "get up."

Jared took a fist full of my hair and guided me to sit up on the bed, I was on my knees near the end of the bed. He pulled my hair tight then let go and stepped back so Leo could continue. 

Leo leaned down slightly to meet my face, he kissed me hard then pulled away. He rubbed his fingers over my lips.

"Taste your sweet pussy," Leo said, parting my lips and putting his sticky fingers in my mouth.
