 I knew the pub where the meeting was to take place. It was on the edge of a town about half-way between where we lived in Hertfordshire, and where the studs lived in East London. A big impersonal place, but ideal for our meeting.

My first impression of 'The Boys' was not good. All muscles and tattoos. They were in their late twenties, short cropped hair, athletic looking. They were Steve and Mark. I could see that Abi was impressed, they would certainly give her a good workout. They were ex-army, but now working for a private security firm. They got into sharing a woman while they were on a posting in Germany. They had gone to a local brothel late one night, only to find that all the girls except one were occupied, 'Long time'. And the only available girl was anxious to be finished for the night.

"But," She had said. "I will do you both at the same time, for a discount."

After that, they found that there were many women who fantasised about being fucked both ends at the same time. 

My first impression was wrong, they were well educated, amusing and good to be with. We arranged that they should come to our house the next night, Saturday.

We parted company in the car park. As soon as we were in the car, Abi said;

"Find somewhere quiet, I need fucking."

The third such invitation in two days!

I drove slowly along the minor road taking us away from the pub, looking for somewhere to pull off the road. Abi spotted a likely place, not a lay-by, but a place where cars had parked to access a footpath across the fields. Abi was out of the car as soon as it stopped moving, pulling up her skirt to climb over a stile into the field. By the time I locked the car and joined her, she was leaning on the top rail of a fence with her skirt up around her waist, her knickers were draped on the fence alongside.

It was not fully dark, but it was unlikely that anyone would be using the footpath that late, unless they too were looking for somewhere to fuck. I unzipped and pushed my pants and shorts down, allowing my pounding erection to spring free. Abi reached between her legs and guided me into her wet slot, then rubbed her clit as I fucked frantically into her. It was over in seconds. Two cows in the next field watched disinterestedly as we rearranged ourselves and returned to the car.

"I'll do it properly when we get home." I promised.

Abi pulled the dress up again, spread her legs and began to massage her clit. She continued all the way home. She had left her knickers draped on the fence.

And yes, I did do it properly when we got home. Twice.

Time dragged by the next day, but at last 'The boys' arrived. I opened a bottle of wine and we drank a toast to sharing. Abi wore a very simple shift dress in a clingy fabric. It was obvious that she was bra-less from the way her tits moved against the material. I was in Tee-shirt and jeans. I had not worn underpants. I was not sure what my part was, if any, in the events to follow, but at least I could be naked quickly if required. 

"Shall we go upstairs?"

Asked Abi, obviously keen to get started.

She led the way with me bringing up the rear with the unfinished wine. We had decided to use the guest room rather than our own bedroom. The guest room has twin beds that can be zipped together to form a super-king-size. Big enough for three, or perhaps four?

Once in the room, Abi pulled the dress over her head. No underwear. She was gloriously nude.

"Who's going to be first?"

She asked innocently.

Mark and Steve quickly removed their own clothing, revealing two very erect pricks. Mark was circumcised and slightly smaller than myself in both length and girth. Steve was uncut and well endowed. As thick as mine but longer.

Abi's eyes were glazed with lust, her nipples like pebbles. She dropped to her knees and took a prick in each hand, caressing, trying them for size. She bent her head and sucked Mark's knob into her mouth, laving it with her tongue before relinquishing her prize to try Steve's offering. She went from cock to cock, licking and sucking as though she was starved of what they contained.

My own boner was straining for release. I slipped out of my clothes, sat in a chair that I had positioned to be able to see the action, and began to wank gently. The boys lifted Abi to her feet and laid her on the bed, then took up positions either side of her. They each latched their mouths onto a tit, occasionally releasing it to kiss her mouth. Mark, to her left, had his right arm around her neck. He slid his left hand down her body to her junction and she spread her legs to allow unimpeded access to her gaping vulva. Mark used his fingers to stretch her even more open while Steve gently pushed two fingers into her twat. His left hand was hidden from my view beneath her bottom. As Mark spread Abi's cunt even wider, I realised that Steve had pushed a finger up Abi's arse. He was now strumming her clit and Abi quickly shuddered into her first orgasm.

Steve turned to me and said;

"Do you want to go first mate? She's your missus."

I was being invited to fuck my own wife. I quickly positioned myself between her thighs and offered my straining tip to Abi's wide stretched hole. One thrust and I was in up to my balls. The boys rolled away, leaving Abi to wrap her legs around my waist as I raced to an unstoppable finish, crying out as I fired my hot spunk into Abi's clasping cunt.

Before I could catch my breath, a hand pulled me away and Mark quickly filled Abi's recently vacated hole. He too, fucked her very quickly. I watched his buttocks clench as he pumped his seed to join mine inside Abi's still orgasmic sheath. He pulled out quickly, cock dripping with spunk, and Steve took his place, sliding his monster into Abi's by now, well lubricated cunt. I could hear the squelch as he rammed her, displacing the two previous deposits before releasing his own into the slippery depths. 

Steve disengaged. Abi remained in her spread-eagled, ravished position. Her cunt gaped open as spunk dribbled out, down her arse-crack and into the sheet.

I suddenly felt embarrassed, naked with two virtual strangers present. I did what any good, English host would do. I went downstairs to make tea.

It was surreal, four naked people sipping tea and making small talk. Abi terminated the small talk abruptly, by asking sweetly;

"Do you two fuck each other?"

I choked slightly on the last dregs of my tea. Steve and Mark looked at each other and grinned sheepishly.

"Very occasionally," Replied Mark. "we are not homo's, but yes, we do. I suppose you want a demonstration?"

Abi's eyes shone with mischievous lust.

"Yes please."

She said. Steve lay down on his back, Mark knelt between his legs and took hold of Steve's half-hard prick, wanking it to full stiffness before taking it into his mouth. Abi moved close for a better view. I too, was fascinated. I have seen movies of men doing each other, but never in the flesh. Mark licked his way down Steve's rigid column of flesh and sucked each of his balls before moving on to his arsehole, rimming it with his tongue and pushing deep into the hole. Steve asked if we had any lubricant. While Abi scurried to comply with the request, Mark got up and pulled Steve down the bed until he legs draped over the edge. He took the tube of lube and rubbed some well into Steve's anus, pushing a finger deep inside. He rubbed some on the tip of his own prick and offered it to the tight valve between Steve's buttocks. A firm, gentle push and the tip popped in. Another push and the entire shaft vanished into Steve's accommodating rectum.

Steve's own prick was equally stiff and waved about as Mark began to fuck him. Abi leaned forward and took the bobbing organ into her mouth, sucking it enthusiastically. She looked up at me, released Steve's cock and offered it to me.

"Want some?"

She asked. I shook my head.

"You don't know what you are missing."

She said.

She was right. I had never sucked a real cock. I had sucked on Abi's dildos, just to see what it felt like for her, but never a real, flesh model. And although I had never said as much to Abi, I did wonder what it must be like to have one shoot spunk into my mouth.

Now was not the time though. Mark pulled his cock away from Steve's distended hole, reminding Abi that they were there to fuck her, not each other. Abi swung a leg over Steve's recumbent body and lowered her cunt onto his face.

"What are you waiting for then?" She replied. "Get fucking."

She bent forward and continued to suck on Steve's lollipop. Mark positioned himself behind her and entered her doggy-style. She mumbled something inaudible, her mouth was full. This was what she had wanted, to be fucked at both ends simultaneously, and with the bonus of having her clit licked at the same time. They both took much longer this time and changed ends once. Mark came first, blasting his semen into the back of Abi's throat. This triggered Abi's orgasm and she released her oral grip on Mark's cock so that she could yell out her appreciation.

I could see the come inside her mouth. Steve took this as the cue for his own release and pumped his second load into Abi's clenching cunt. Abi fell forward, slipping off Steve's still hard unit. Mark took it into his mouth and sucked their combined juices off his friends cock, then sucked the rest out of Abi's cunt. Steve moved to the front and kissed Abi on her spunky lips, also getting a taste of man-juice.

My own prick was ready to burst. I had been wanking it vigorously the whole time. But I wanted to hold back my spunk, in case it was needed elsewhere. I would have welcomed any of their lips around by knob, milking out what felt like a prize winning load. And they all seemed to like the taste.

It did not happen. I would have to hold onto it a little while longer. While the three of them recovered, Abi quizzed them on their sex-life. Was it easy to find women who liked to be double fucked? "Very." Was the reply. It would seem that riding tandem was a more common fantasy than being taken by force, something that I always found questionable. Sometimes the women were not looking for it, but jumped at the opportunity when offered. Other women advertised for a team effort, as Abi had.

The boys were hard again. I was hard still, visions of erotic threesomes floating before my eyes.

"This will probably be the last coming, so think about how you want it."

Steve told Abi.

Abi thought. But not for long.

"I want all three of you at the same time."

She announced.

"Steve in my cunt, Mark in my arse and you," (Nodding to me.) "in my mouth."

Steve lay on his back, wanking his prick up to strength. Abi carefully impaled herself on it. She leaned forward, dangling her tits into Steve's mouth as Mark prepared her bum-hole for buggering, smearing lubricant generously onto himself first, then probing into Abi's hole with a greasy thumb. He placed his tip against the target and with an easy thrust, slid full length into her. She howled as her body adapted to the intruder, she says that it hurts every time at first, even though I regularly make use of this, alternative route.

She indicated that she was ready for me and I offered my straining knob to her lips. The boys began fucking. It was awkward at first, to co-ordinate three enthusiastic prongs, but we soon got into a rhythm. I did not think that I could last long, but in fact, Abi was the first to come, overwhelmed by the assault on three fronts. She let me slip out of her mouth and howled. I could not hold back, I took my shaft in my hand and with a few quick strokes, brought myself off, spraying the three of them with pearly-white streaks of come.

The boys followed in quick succession and soon withdrew their depleted weapons. Abi was covered in spunk from my ejaculation, Mark's was dribbling from her arse and Steve's from her cunt. She had never looked more beautiful. I realised just how much I loved her. 

We parted company after agreeing to repeat the experience.

***

The date arrived for the 'orgy'. The address given was a large, double fronted Victorian house in an expensive North London suburb. There was to be drinks and a light buffet type meal first before getting down to business. Dress code was smart casual for the social part of the evening, and optional for the sexual part.

Helen, the lady of the house, took on the task of 'looking after' me. She explained that numbers were depleted tonight, several males from the group were away on business, leaving an imbalance - eight men and twelve women. A pity, she went on, as tonight was a 'ladies choice' night, one of the women would be taking on all the males present!

We were eventually shown down a flight of stairs to the basement of the house. There were changing rooms and showers before the room opened out into a large 'playroom'. I chose to go naked, still not sure of the etiquette.

The playroom, which I later discovered was a swimming pool, covered by a retractable floor, had a low ceiling and soft lighting. There were numerous couches at the sides. In the centre of the room was a black X. A young woman named Jan, who had caught my eye during the socialising, was suspended by her wrists from rings in the ceiling. Her legs were spread apart by what is known in the bondage world as a spreader bar, forcing her slim body into the shape of an X. Black, because her clothing was made entirely from black leather.

I use the word clothing advisedly. In public, convention dictates that certain parts of the body are hidden. Specifically, the buttocks and genital areas, and in the case of a female, the breasts. This however, was not public, and Jan's 'clothing' reversed convention by leaving exposed everything normally hidden. A black leather 'cupless' basque, with suspenders supporting thigh length, black leather boots. Black leather long-sleeved gloves and a black leather blindfold.

The outfit exposed her shapely arse, her smooth shaven pubes and her small, perky tits, whose pink nipples stood out stiffly,. Her stretched out posture firmed the tits and allowed her pink cunt lips to be visible.

Upstairs, the men had drawn lots for 'pecking order'. Jan's partner Ian, had declined to draw, so there were seven men and no doubt what was required of us. Male number one stepped forward. Surprisingly, he was not erect. My own cock had been at least half-hard since I had undressed. Number one approached Jan quietly. She was aware of his presence, but not of his position. He leaned forward and took a nipple between his lips, causing Jan to gasp.

He released the teat and walked slowly around her, as if trying to decide on his next move. Eventually, he knelt at her feet placed his hands on her buttocks and drew her centre towards his mouth. His tongue snaked out and parted the already gaping lower lips and he drew his tongue up the moist slit until he was on her clit. Jan shuddered but remained silent. Number one moved round the back and repeated the move on the rear cleft. Out of my sight, but presumably tonguing the other hole.

He stood up slowly, pressed against Jan's back. Now he was erect. Close behind her, his cock stopped, pressed against the underside of the X. His peeled back, purple tip showed between Jan's legs as though she had grown a prick. He moved his hands down to her centre, placing one on her mound and directing his knob at her entrance with the other. His shaft slowly disappeared into her wet hole. Now she groaned in pleasure as he filled her sheath with his sword.

He moved both hands to her tits and fucked her hard, coming very quickly. When his spurts had stopped, he withdrew his wet, limp prick and stud number two moved into position. Number two knelt in front of Jan and removed the spreader from her ankles, tossing it aside. He raised her legs around his waist, Jan hooking them over his hips to support his her weight. Using both hands, he fed his length into Jan's spunky slot.

As he started to fuck into her, another man came forward. He appeared to be wanking as he walked, but he was rubbing lubricant on his stiff prong. He positioned himself behind Jan and carefully worked his tool into her stretched open arsehole. This time Jan cried out. Both holes stretched by rigid man-flesh. The men soon found a rhythm and began to see-saw in and out of her two holes. The man in front came first, but politely held Jan in position so that his fellow-fucker could finish buggering his victim.

When they moved away, Jan hung limply from the restraints, spunk dripping from her ravished holes. Man number four came to take his turn, repeating number two's, from the front, legs wrapped position. Helen, who was sitting alongside me, reminded me that I was number five.

"Fuck her up the arse."

She suggested. I hesitated. To do so, my cock would be touching that of fucker number five, and our balls would be bouncing off each other's. I had never experienced such close contact with a man. But I had also never been offered the opportunity to 'team' a woman. I could not resist. I moved in behind Jan and placed my rock-hard cock against Jan's slippery anus. I entered with an ease that surprised me. I could not control my ejaculation, blasting spunk into her in seconds. I managed to stay inside her until number four shot his up the other hole.

Numbers six and seven both opted for solo performances, one from the front and the last one from behind. Seven spendings ran from her well stretched holes to pool on the floor as two of the other women removed the blindfold and helped her down from her restraints. In fact, they were not restraints, just loops in the ends of the black ropes fixed to the ceiling. Jan had simply put her hands through the loops and was using them for support. The bondage was an illusion.

Jan was helped out to a bathroom to clean up. The audience split into small groups for the next phase of the orgy.

"Who would you like to do next?"

Asked Helen. I was still fully erect. Helen was close and gorgeous. She too, wore a cupless basque, but lacy, sexy, which allowed her large tits freedom. The suspenders were connected to black sheer stockings and her feet were encased in impossibly high heeled shoes. Needless to say, knickers were not part of the ensemble.

"I would love to lick your cunt."

I replied. Helen smiled and sat on the edge of a couch, legs spread. I knelt between them and began to feast on her luscious fruit. Helen's was the only cunt that I sucked that evening. My natural reticence told me that before long, all of the women would have been fucked and I could not bring myself to put my mouth to a hole wet with another man's come. I had, however, no such qualms about sticking my cock into a spunk-filled hole and I made sure that I tried every one available that night, excluding Jan's, Ronnie's and Abi's, even if I was unable to add my own juice to the cocktail. I did come inside Helen though, before moving on to explore other areas.

I don't know how many ejaculations I managed, but the imbalance of cocks to cunts did seem unfair on the girls. Most of my evening was spent as a spectator and I saw Jan's partner, Ian, being shared be three women. Kneeling in front of him, they passed his cock from mouth to mouth until he came, spraying spunk onto the upturned faces of all three.

The party ended when all the men were empty. We took a Taxi home. I was drained, but Abi was still high on sex and wanted to talk about the evening.

"Did you fuck everybody?" She asked.

"I penetrated all the women, but I did not come every time. Does a dry poke count as a fuck?" I replied.

"Probably not. I certainly had all the cocks up me and in my mouth, but there certainly was a semen deficiency. Did you suck all the cunts?"

I admitted that I had not, and on further questioning, why not. She shook her head in despair and said;
