 Jared asked me to come on a trip with him to the City. It was a 3 hour drive and he needed some 'entertainment'; what he didn't tell me was that we'd be joined by 3 of his friends who I'd already become acquainted with...

My name is Eve, I'm 20 years old and I'm at college. I've always considered myself a normal girl but after recent exposure to some sexy scenarios with some hot guys, I've realized that my biggest turn-on is having sex with multiple guys. My friend Jared has decided to take control and arrange gangbang sessions for me; after using me for his own pleasure first. 

Jared has a hot body, muscles and blonde hair - totally my type, and not forgetting a big cock. He has instructed that I follow his orders, be ready whenever her texts me and I must not have sex with anyone else unless he has given permission. I love being doing as I'm told by him!

Last week, Jared got me to visit him after football practice and he fucked me in the shower. He then let his team mates pass me around - I got fucked so hard and filled up nicely. It was exhausting but so exciting; I came over and over again. Afterwards, Jared took me home and told me to rest for the week but to be ready for next Friday - he had some business in the City and wanted me to come with him. I anticipated more sex with him and a possibility of more sex with more guys so I was excited to go.

We were going for 3 days so I packed a bag with some slutty clothes and underwear; black push-up bras (not that my 34DD breasts needed much pushing up), a black lacy negligee and some hot pink lacy panties. I don't know what Jared meant by "business" in the City but I packed a little black dress and heels in the case we were going out. I also packed my favourite dildo; in case Jared didn't have any 'plans' for me.

Jared arrived at my house at 4pm on Friday afternoon. I wore a comfy T-shirt as it was going to be a long drive but I put on my short denim skirt and knee-high boots, just to please Jared a little. 

I walked out of the house with my bag and towards the car; Jared popped the trunk of the car for me to put my bag inside. As I leaned into the trunk, Jared appeared behind me and cupped my ass. 

"Hi little slut," he said, his dominating tone always turned me on and made my heart race. 

"Hi," I replied, standing up straight and leaning into him behind me. 

He squeezed my ass cheeks; over my skirt which was barely covering me now. 

"Get in," He commanded and let go of me, returning to the car drivers seat. 

I closed the trunk and got into the passenger seat.

We started driving and making small talk; I found it hard to focus as all I could think about was fucking him again, he was so hot. 

"What are we going to be doing in the City?" I asked. 

"I've joined my Dad's business and I'm helping him secure some new clients, they're wealthy and influential and we need to get them on board," he told me. 

"So why am I coming?" I asked, confused. 

He smiled, "We're meeting the clients for dinner and drinks; you're my date". 

I never considered that he was taking me so he could impress business clients, but I liked it. We we'rent really boyfriend and girlfriend but something about the arrangement made me feel happy. 

"I hope you packed some more appropriate clothes," he said, eyeing up my exposed legs and short skirt that had ridden up. 

He reached over and put his hand on my thigh squeezed it hard and started rubbing up towards my panties. 

"Mmmhmm yeah I did," I tried to say calmly despite becoming increasingly horny. 

Jared had one hand on the steering wheel and his other hand was reaching up my skirt. He pulled my panties aside and started rubbing my clit. I was already getting wet; I arched my back, grinding on his fingers. He then slipped 2 fingers inside of my wet pussy and started finger fucking me. 

"Mmmmm mmmm," I started moaning, his fingering was driving me crazy, getting me close to cumming already. He put in a third finger and pushed deeper into my pussy. I began panting, the anticipation was building but all I wanted was Jared's big cock pounding me. I reached over with my hand and began to rub his hardening cock through his pants. 

We were driving through the outskirts of town through a quiet road surrounded by woodland. Jared removed his hand from under my skirt, pulled the car over to the side of the road and turned the engine off. He got out of the car and came around to my side and opened my door. 

He looked wild and determined. He lifted me out of the car and lay me on the hood, spreading my legs. 

"I made you wait a whole week, I can tell you're gagging for a good fuck little slut," Jared teased. 

He wasted no time unzipping his pants and pushed his cock into my wet pussy. He began fucking me on the hood, rocking the whole car as he pounded my pussy. He reached up and lifted my t-shirt up so he could watch my tits bounce as he fucked me.

My bra could hardly contain my boobs anyway but he grabbed it and pulled it down exposing my big tits. 

"Nice, to see you girls again," he said. 

I leaned my lead back, enjoying the fuck. My legs were spread wide and Jared had pulled me down onto his cock so he had good leverage to fuck me deep. I looked down and watched his huge cock splitting my pussy lips, pounding in and out, covered in my pussy juices. Watching it turned me on even more, driving me close to cumming. 

Jared started thrusting in faster and shorter strokes, grunting. I felt my orgasm peak. He pushed his cock in deep one last time as he filled me up with his hot cum.

He pulled his cock out of me, zipped he pants back up and got back in the car. A rush of excitement ran through me; I felt used and I loved it. My need for cock has been satisfied but now I wanted more. 

I climbed off the hood of the car and opened the passenger side door. 

"No. Get in the back, I've got to pick they guys up," Jared ordered. 

I got in the back seat. We drove for a few more minuets before I fell asleep, tired from the fucking. 

As I began to wake a while later, I could hear men's voices around me in the car and I felt that I was still very aroused. I noticed that my pussy was still wet, aching for cock. I could feel a breeze on my skin and my nipples were erect and sensitive. 

I became aware that I didn't have my T-Shirt or bra on anymore. I opened my eyes to see 3 more men in the car and Jared who was still driving. I was sat in the middle back seat with 2 guys either side of me. 

The guy to my left had his arm around me and was playing with my boobs, rubbing them and flicking my nipples. 

"Fucking amazing tits," he said as he noticed me waking up. 

"Mmmmmm," I moaned, enjoying the tease. 

I recognized the guys; I'd met them all before at the party where they fucked me on the pool table. Karl was sat on my right and Jake was in the front. Ben was playing with my tits. 

"Remember us slut?" Ben smirked, "It's a long drive so Jared offered us some entertainment for the journey. You're wet and ready to go; I already checked". 

He put his fingers in my mouth, they tasted like cum and my pussy juice; he'd helped himself to fingering me whilst I was asleep. He took his cock out 

"Don't make me wait anymore slut," he ordered. 

I straddled him, positioning my dripping pussy over his hard cock. I slowly eased myself down, feeling the tip of his cock on my pussy lips. Ben grabbed my hips and pulled me down, taking his cock inch by inch into my hot wet pussy. I began to ride his cock on the backseat of the car as the other guys watched. 

"Fuck, Ben's got a face full of tits!" said Jake, watching my tits bounce in Ben's face as I rode his cock. 

I loved feeling another cock inside of me, I pushed down as deep as I could to feel the full length before lifting myself up his shaft. 

"Uh, fuck, I'm gonna blow my load if you fuck me any harder," Ben said.

I worked a rhythm, getting faster and driving him to cum. 

"FUCK... FUCK..... FUUUUCK," he let out staggered moans, before pulling me down and thrusting his hips into me, filling me with more cum. 

I got back in my seat, panting, trying to catch my breath. I looked out of the window to see that it was starting to get dark. We were now miles out of town, we must have been driving for hours. There was no woodland anymore but flat dusty land all around. 

"Guys, we'll be at the bus station in about an hour," Jared said.

The guys had joined us for a lift out of county to catch a bus out of state. 

"We had better get our fill of this then! Well - we'll be doing the filling.." laughed Karl, looking me up and down. 

"Need gas" said Jared, and he abruptly pulled into a gas station. 

The lot was empty, no other cars, just a server in the shop. Jared and Ben got out of the car leaving me with Karl and Jake. 

"My turn," said Karl, he opened the door next to him and stood in the doorway, cock out, "Suck this slut". 

I got on my hands and knees on the back seats, faced with a hard cock through the open door. I took Karl's cock in my mouth, and started sucking, working my tongue around the shaft. I bobbed my head up and down, loving the feeling of thick cock in my mouth.

"FUCK, you were right, she is a nasty cock sucker," he said to Jake, who was watching from behind me. 

"Not a bad view from here," Jake said, he was in the front passenger seat, eyeing up my skirt as my body rocked, working Kyle's cock. Jake got out of the car and opened the other rear car door and approached me from behind. I felt him kneeling on the seat behind me and then felt his hard cock rub up my leg. I continued sucking cock.

Jake rubbed his cock over my pussy lips, I was super wet which made his cock slip easily between them. He teased my clit with the tip of his cock and it sent as wave of excitement through my body. 

"Mmmmm Mmmmm!" I groaned, muffled by the thick cock in my mouth. 

Jake, plunged his cock into my eager pussy and started pounding me. I was being double teamed on the back seat. I wondered if anyone else in the gas station was watching but I didn't really care. The whole car rocked as Jake went to town on my pussy, thrusting frantically. His thrusting pushed my mouth deeper onto Karl's cock.

"FUCK, she's deep throating me," shouted Karl, if there was anyone else at the gas station, they'd for sure hear what we were up to. 

I continued sucking his cock, trying not to gag as the tip of his cock hit the back on my throat.

"UH UH UHHH MMMMM" Karl was moaning and I felt his cock pulsate in my mouth. I felt his hot cum explode in my mouth and run down my throat. He pulled his cock out and cum spilled over my lips and dripped down my face. Jared, arrived back at the car and admired Karl's work on my face.

Jake's pounding got faster, on all fours, I clung onto the seat to stop myself falling out of the door in front of me. Jared, Ben and Karl were watching me from in front, as I got fucked. 

It felt like my boobs were going to bounce off my body with the rate that I was being pounded. 

"FUCK FUCK FUCK, TIGHT PUSSY!" grunted Jake. 

He pushed his whole body weight on top of me and my arms and legs collapsed underneath me. I was lying flat on my front on the back seat, Jake was still in my pussy, fucking away.

"FUCK FUCK FUCK LITTLE SLUT," he said, aggressively and determined. 

I felt my orgasm building, I was loving being fucked and used and watched. 

I licked the cum off my lips and moaned with Jake's thrusts, "Mmmm mmm mmmmm! Fuck, fuck, fuck, ohhhh yessss, please fuck me harder, please". 

A rush of pleasure filled my whole body, I felt my pussy throb, and moisten as I came. Jake, grabbed hold of my shoulders and pushed his hips harder into me with each thrust,.

"FUCK! I'M GONNA CUM," he grunted. 

His cock throbbed in my pussy, cum filled me up and spilled out of my pussy as he pounded in short sharp bursts. 

When he was finished cumming, Jake pulled his cock out and climbed off of me. I lay there panting, out of breath, exhausted but filled with pleasure and plenty of cum. I passed out.

Later that evening, I stirred from my sleep. Jared drove the guys to the bus station and dropped them off. 

It was just me and Jared again. I opened my eyes to see Jared had dressed me again and left me to sleep in the back of the car. We were now on a busy main highway and I saw signs for the city. It was dark out and I could see the lights from the city towers ahead. I wondered what was in store for me for the rest of the weekend but for now, I was satisfied and stimulated from the sexy road-trip.