 A special thank you to fire_breeze for her amazing editing skills. 

Thanks for taking the time to read my story. Please take time to vote and leave a comment, if you so desire. I appreciate any feedback. 

*

Katie and Lee met in the parking lot at the hotel; they hugged and he took her bag from her. They walked in and he checked into the room. On the way up to the room in the elevator his hands ran over her ample behind. She smiled at him without saying a word. They walked down the hallway to the room and he opened the door, placing his hand on the small of her back. She shivered at his touch, thinking of other touches that would follow later. 

She walked to the table and put her purse down, slid out of her flip flops and turned to him. He put the bag down on the dresser and took her in his arms. He kissed her deeply, their bodies pressing together. Katie moaned as she felt his cock bulging through his shorts, pressing into her leg. Lee grabbed her, pulling her into him. 

As their lips parted, he looked deep into her eyes. "Undress for me," Lee said as he sat in the chair in front of her. 

She immediately undid the buttons on her blouse and let the blouse fall away from her shoulders and drift down to the floor. She reached behind her and undid the hooks of her bra and then pulled it off her shoulders, allowing it to fall down to the ground. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her shorts and pulled them down, stepping out of them. She stood before her Dom, naked, proud to be his. 

Katie heard Lee sigh as he looked at her and a smile cross his face. He motioned for her to come closer and he ran his hands slowly up the outside of both of her legs, starting at her knees. When he got to her hips, he slid his hands to the center of her tummy and then moved upward. His hands separated again and he lightly caressed the bottom of each of her breasts and then the sides. His hands then moved to her shoulders and down both arms, slowly sliding off the tips of her fingers. 

He noticed the goose bumps that appeared on her body and how hard and erect her nipples were. Lee guessed if he were to put his hands between her legs right now, he would feel how wet she was too. There was plenty of time for that though. He brought his hands to the center of her tummy and slid them upward, parting just below her breasts and lightly caressing the bottom and the sides again. With the finger tips of each hand, he made slow circles around the base of each breast and heard her suck her breath in and then slowly let it out. Lee knew she wanted him to move faster, but he was enjoying taking his time, watching her squirm. 

His fingers started making smaller circles on each breast until they circled each nipple. Katie struggled to hold still, wanting him to play with or tug her nipples. She knew her place though and didn't say a word, knowing that her Dom would play with her as he saw fit and that she would ultimately be satisfied well beyond her wildest dreams. 

Almost, as if reading her mind, Lee said, "What does my pet want?"

"Whatever you'd like to do to me, Sir."

Lee grazed the tip of her nipples with his fingers and heard her moan softly. He rolled her nipples between his finger and thumb, sometimes pinching, sometimes tugging. Knowing that she liked her nipples pinched and tugged hard, Lee made sure he gave Katie what she liked. He could smell her arousal. He put his hand between her legs and nudged them apart. He smiled as he saw the dampness from Katie's pussy already running down her thighs. "She's such a slut," Lee thought happily. 

After teasing her for awhile, Lee stood up and lowered his head and sucked one nipple into his mouth, tugging on it with his teeth. His other hand was still teasing the other nipple. Katie moaned and her body quivered. Lee bit down on the nipple in his mouth and felt her body tense. He slid a hand between her legs and felt that she was even wetter. 

"Pet, sit on the edge of the bed. I want to talk to you for a minute."

Katie sat down, her breath still a little ragged from being so excited by his teasing. She looked at him nervously, sure that he was going to tell her something bad. 

"Relax, it's not bad. I just want to talk to you about what is going to happen. I know we've discussed this before, but I just want to make sure you understand and still want to go through with this."

Lee reviewed the things that had happened so far and what would happen from this point on. They both had gone to a bar close by a week ago and they had chosen ten men that they thought looked interesting. Lee had approached each man individually and had invited them, one by one, to come join him and Katie in their booth in the corner. 

He explained to each man that Katie was his slut and that he wanted to see her be used by other men. He clarified that Katie was excited about this and was not being forced into this at all; in fact, Katie had helped him choose the men that they wanted to join them. He gave them the date that they had in mind to meet at the hotel for this to happen. Lee gave each man the ground rules: they were to use condoms to fuck her in the ass or pussy. She would suck their cock, but they could not cum in her mouth, but they were free to cum one her anywhere they'd like. They could play with her body and use her how they saw fit. He then told them that he would be present in the room; if at any point either he or Katie wanted to stop things, things would stop immediately. 

After going through everything with her, Lee said, "Katie, you are mine. I respect you as my property and I would never do anything to hurt you. If you don't want to do this, tell me." 

"No Sir, I am ready."

Lee told her to lie down on the bed. He laid down next to her and kissed her. He held her and asked her how she was feeling. "Excited," she replied. They kissed, touched, and played until there was a knock on the door. 

Lee looked at Katie as he got up off the bed. "Are you sure?"

"Open the door please," she replied. 

Lee opened the door and invited the two men that were standing there inside the room. He shook hands with them as they entered and reviewed the rules. They both agreed and Lee brought them further into the room. Katie was lying on the bed naked. "Gentlemen, start your engines!" Lee said with a smile. 

Both men got undressed and joined Katie on the bed, one on each side of her. They said hello to her as their fingers started exploring her body. They took turns kissing her as they played with her tits. Katie was already moaning and writhing on the bed. 

Another knock on the door and Lee admitted three more men. He again shook hands and went over the rules. After they all agreed, Lee brought them further in the room and told them to join in. They all undressed and after discussing with the other two men that were already there, it was decided that Katie needed to move down on the bed some, to give them more room to maneuver. Once this was done, one guy straddled Katie's head and fed her his cock. Another lifted her legs up onto his shoulders and slid a condom covered cock into her wet pussy. One was sucking one nipple, one was sucking the other and the last guy was rubbing her clit as she was being fucked deep and hard. 

As the remaining five men filtered in, Lee followed the same procedure. Each man agreed and was brought into the room and encouraged to join the fun. By the time the last man arrived, all of Katie's holes had been used and she had cum on her face and tits. She had just turned over, so she was on all fours on the bed. The men took turns fucking her mouth, pussy and ass. Her nipples were being tormented. Her clit was constantly being rubbed. Her ass and back were soon covered in cum and her hair and face got more loads deposited on them. 

They had Katie stand up and one of the guys lay down across the bed and told Katie to sink down on his cock. She did and he had her lean forward. Another guy was standing at the side of the bed and rubbed his cock over Katie's lips until she opened her mouth and he slid his cock inside. Once her mouth was full, a third guy straddled the legs of the guy lying on the bed and slid his well lubed cock into Katie's ass. Katie screamed as he drilled his cock all the way inside her in one hard fast thrust, but her mouth was full of cock and no one could hear anything besides a loud moan. 

All three men were fucking Katie as the other guys watched and stroked their cocks. Katie had never had all of her holes plugged before and was cumming over and over from the sensations. 

Lee was sitting in the chair, stroking his cock, watching his slut being used. He was so incredibly turned on by what he was seeing. He knew Katie was enjoying herself; he had lost track of how many times she had cum. He loved seeing her with all of her holes stuffed full of cock. As he watched, some of the guys who were also watching, started shooting their cum on her. 

The man fucking her face released the back of her head and came on her face, just as the other two men let out deep grunts, obviously cumming into their condoms. After a moment the guy in her ass, slid his cock out and the man lying on the bed lifted Katie off his cock. They laid her down on the bed and Lee asked if she was ok. "Yes Master," Katie replied weakly. Lee told one of the men lift her head and give her something to drink. 

After she drank, one of the guys crawled between her legs and started eating her pussy. Katie moaned and her mouth was immediately filled with a cock to keep her quiet. She was stroking two other cocks. She began to try to close her legs and two men held them open as the pussy eater was obviously sending Katie over the edge. He was sucking on her clit and fingering her pussy. "Holy shit," he said, pulling his mouth off her pussy. "Even after how many times she came tonight, she's squirting!" 

Lee smiled broadly. "That's my slut," he thought. 

The pussy eater brought his head back down and began lapping at the cum seeping out of Katie's pussy, sending tremors throughout her body. The guy in her mouth pulled out and shot his load on her tits, as did the two that she was jacking off. Katie was whimpering as the man between her legs lifted his head, his face covered with her juice. 

"Gentlemen, I want to thank you for joining us tonight, but I think my slut has had enough," Lee said. He looked at his watch and was shocked to see the hour. Time seemed to go by so quickly. The men got dressed and they all thanked Lee for sharing his slut. They all knelt down next to Katie, whispering goodbye and told her how much they enjoyed her. 

After the last one left, Lee went into the bathroom and started the shower. He undressed and came back into the bedroom, helping Katie up. He got into the shower with her and tenderly washed all the cum off her face and body. He took the wash cloth and washed between her legs. He shampooed her hair and rinsed it out. He helped Katie out of the shower and dried her off with a towel. He put her robe on her. 

He took a key off the counter, took Katie's hand and brought her back into the bedroom. He unlocked the door to the adjoining room and led Katie into the next room. Lee pulled the covers back from the bed, took her robe off and helped her climb into bed. He got in next to her, holding her as she drifted off to sleep. He was too wound up to sleep, so he just lay next to her, holding her and thinking about the events of the evening. 

A few hours later, Katie woke up and looked over at him, smiling. He kissed her tenderly and asked her if she had enjoyed herself. "Yes Master, I did. Did you enjoy yourself?" she asked. 

"Yes my slut, I did. You made me very proud. You performed so well. Is there anything that you wanted that you didn't get?" he asked with concern.

"Yes Sir." Katie answered. "You." With that she began to stroke his cock.