 Dear friend... 

I wanted to tell you about that time my first boyfriend shared me with a stranger. I had already told you that he liked to discipline me and push me to the limits of trust and obedience. This was to be the ultimate proof of my devotion to him. He talked about this with me, we read erotic short stories about switching partners and inviting guests to lovemaking, and we watched porn movies about threesomes and gangbangs together. It was a long build-up to the point where he asked me whether I would be willing to have sex with another man in his presence, if he asked me to.

At first I was very reluctant and didn't know what to make of it. I thought he was rather testing my faithfulness than my obedience. Looking whether or not I might betray him. But that wasn't the case. We had a couple of fights and several long nights of reconciliation before he could convince me of his sincere motives. He made it perfectly clear that I needn't do it if I really didn't want to. That it was just something he wanted to try to test my level of obedience and devotion to his pleasure. That I would not be punished for whatever I would do with another man.

That I could choose where and when, and he would merely choose the guy I would be dealing with for me. He said he was so proud of how much I had learned and of how beautiful I was that he wanted to share that bliss with another man, a friend I had not met before. I suspected he was going to prostitute me, but he assured me there would be no money involved, and none of this would ever be made public.

Anyway, after a long series of talks and struggles we both agreed to give it a try. I must admit, I was a little turned on by the idea, but also very scared. On the other hand, I had always wanted to be fed with the cum of more than one man, since I had first watched a gangbang movie with him. The sheer amount of cum that the actress had swallowed had made me jealous, for I was already, due to my beloved one, a lover of sperm.

I was 21 when it finally came true. I had told him I would need to have at least a familiar environment to feel comfortable with this, and so we arranged the evening in my own flat. He brought his friend to dinner. A tall, broad shouldered man with greyish dark hair, not very handsome, but not ugly either. Just someone you wouldn't normally notice on the street. They both wore business suits, and I had put on a tight black dress, stockings and mary janes (women's shoes). I had fixed dinner for us, and was doing my best to be a good host. Although my heart was racing from the first ring of the doorbell up until dinner was finished.

I could tell Mark - that was his name - was checking me out every time my boyfriend didn't seem to look. That even got me more excited. I guess I blushed more than one time. He must have thought I was very shy and introverted. He hadn't been told before what awaited him this evening. All he knew was he was going to meet his friend's girlfriend and have dinner with us. Pretty tame.

After dinner my boyfriend - in fact, did I ever tell you his name? His name was Josef. Makes it all easier to narrate. After dinner we went into the living room to smoke something together. No cigarettes - we used to do something more potent. Josef had connections to a friend from the Netherlands who supplied him with fine weed. Yes, yes I know what you might say to that - but I was young and foolishly in love and very careless. I never got addicted, though, and have never touched anything alike in the last 7 years.

After some conversation and some wine and weed Josef mentioned that he had bought me a present, and that he'd like me to unpack it. It was a tight black dress, all made from patent leather, long and tight and very sexy, even kinky looking. I blushed a bit at the sight of it, but the weed and the wine had already loosened my inhibitions and made me feel eroticised by this situation. I always had a tendency to get a wee bit horny from the stuff Josef smoked, and smoking it myself had an even greater effect.

He asked me whether I cared to put it on for him, so he could see how I'd look like wearing it. I looked over to Mark, whose eyes grew wide as he seemed to imagine me in that dress. I asked him if that would be okay for him, and he silently nodded, muttering something I could not make out. As I stood up and turned to go upstairs to change, Josef casually asked me if I'd not rather stay and just change into that dress right there in the living room. I was startled for a moment, looked over to him, then to Mark who choked on his drink.

Mark said to Josef that he could not be serious, and that's when Josef dropped the ball. "Look, Mark, I have noticed you admiring my girlfriend's beauty and her sexy body, and I have to admit, I don't mind sharing that with you at all. In fact, I think you deserve it, after all we have been through together, and all you have suffered from women in the past years. She is beautiful, isn't she? Sweet and sexy. Far too much for one guy alone. I know you would not take her from me. But I will gladly lend her to you to give you the attention from a beautiful girl that you deserve. "

There was an awkward silence between us, me standing there still with the dress in my hands, my heart shaking and pounding, and the two of them exchanging silent, solemn looks as they seemed to converse with each other in thoughts alone. I have never before or after witnessed two men so close to each other. It moved my heart to watch them.

I was trembling from head to toes. Mark sighed and looked over to me, then blushing and casting down his gaze, saying to Josef: "You are the best friend a man could ever want, but you cannot give your girlfriend to me that easily. She's a human being, not a toy, and has her own will. I think you should apologize to her now, Josef. I blame the alcohol and the weed. You always get easily affected..."

That was when I made my move. I still don't know what got me so bold, but I confessed to him that Josef had already suggested that idea to me weeks and months before, and that without my agreement, we would never even have had this dinner together, let alone anything else.

Needless to say he was speechless. He looked to Josef again, and my beloved boyfriend smiled at him in a very endearing way, admitting: "That's right, Mark. She has agreed and is ready to be shared, if you want her."

Mark was flabbergasted and shook his head, burying his blushing face in his hands, muttering: "I don't know what to say..."

I stepped over to him, touched his hand and caused him to look up at me, then laid my hand on his cheek and said: "Maybe you'd like to start by helping me out of my clothes and into this new dress?" I will never forget his gaze as I spoke to him. It seemed to me like it was a dream coming true for him or something. I didn't know yet that he had always been in abusive relationships with women who were far beneath his level, never even coming close to a halfway normal looking girl, let alone someone he would deem "beautiful".

That's why I thought he was only flattering me when he whispered with bright eyes: "I have never been with such a beautiful girl before."

And man, did I feel flattered by it. Two men adoring me in the same room. My heart was racing, and I felt like I was floating in mid air as Mark stood up and got behind me, unzipping my dress and slowly caressing my back up along my spine, his fingers hooking into the straps of my dress and gently sliding them off my shoulders. I was wearing no bra underneath, and my nipples were hard and perky and aching for a tender touch. My voice was just a whisper as I asked him to kiss my neck and grasp my nipples. Josef came over and helped me out of the dinner dress as Marks hot lips teased my skin and his strong hands cupped my little breasts and rubbed my hot nipples.

I got really excited and horny. Josef kissed me on my mouth and put his hand on my moist, warm mound. He whispered into my ear: "Be nice to him, okay?" And I nodded with a smile, looking into my lover's wonderfully stern eyes.

"You don't mind me watching, I hope?", he asked Mark, who didn't object. Josef then sat down on the sofa again and continued smoking while he watched Marks hands roaming over my naked body, undoing my garter belt and slowly rolling off my stockings, helping me out of my high heels and getting me completely naked. He even removed the clips holding up my hairdo. I had shoulder long nutbrown hair at that time, and it fell smoothly on my back.

Mark stepped in front of me and stared at my chest and crotch, looked me over, let his fingertips wander over my body. I could not resist fishing for compliments, so I showed my body off to him, turning myself around a couple of times, smiling up at him (he was a head's length taller than me) and saying: "Do you like my body?" And he gladly gave me all kinds of sweet compliments. Then he helped me get into the black patent leather dress that Josef had bought for me. It was skin tight and got very warm very quickly. It made rustling noises with each and every movement and smelled wonderfully sexy. I felt as if every detail of my body was showing through the tight fabric. The skirt was slit up to my waist on both sides, and the dress had no part covering my breasts. It obviously was from a sex shop. Very kinky.

Our living room had a windowed front to the balcony, and outside it was already dark, deep in the night. So the glass showed our reflexion when I turned towards it and served as a good mirror. I looked like either a domina or sex slave, and I felt very horny about it.

Josef made me show myself off to them in that dress, and then he added an "accessoire" he casually mentioned to almost have forgotten. He pulled out a black leather collar with four metal rings on it and fastened it around my neck. He told me that this was to remind me I still belonged only to him, and to encourage my obedience to his will. He asked me if I liked my new dress, and I silently nodded.

Then he pinched my nipple and made me whimper as he grasped the collar's forward looking ring, pulled me closer and whispered coarsely into my ear that he now wanted me to suck off his friend, and do my best to make him feel very good about himself and his manhood. I was to take my time and not hurry it, but make him last as long as he could, and give him a good orgasm. If I did well I would receive a good hard fucking later that night. Josef's commanding voice sounded sexy as hell, and I shivered with lust as he withdrew to sit back and watch again.

I sat on Mark's lap, who had sat down again and taken a sip of wine. I let him fool around with my body a little more and suck on my titties while I stroked his head and moaned at his caressing touch and nibbling lips.

Then I asked him as nicely as I could if he would allow me to give him a blowjob, because I wanted his cock so badly. It wasn't even enacted anymore. I was so horny I spoke the truth. I slid off his lap and knelt before him in my kinky dress, unzipped his pants and helped him out of them and his underwear. His cock was straight as a pole, thick as a banana and as long as an average carrot. He was not circumcised, but his cock was clean and his balls shaved, a small patch of dark pubic hair with greyish streaks above the shaft, and the foreskin was very smooth and tender.

I took my time admiring his beautiful manhood and complimented him on his size, his taste, his fragrance, everything a man likes to hear, as my boyfriend had taught me. I started by kissing his shaft all over and rubbing my face on his dick, caressing his thighs and stomach and grasping the base of his shaft, cupping his balls to play with them... I licked his shaft and his balls, purring and moaning and letting him know I enjoyed what I was doing.

My heart jumped when he complimented my boyfriend Josef on "what a fiendishly skilled cocksucker" his girlfriend was. I slid his bulbuous head into my mouth and gently nibbled on it with my lips, tickling it with my tongue.... making him moan...

And that was only the beginning. Josef had taught me how to prolong the pleasure of a blowjob for a guy by observing his state of arousal carefully, and adjusting my efforts to it. I sucked on him for a long time. Ten minutes or more of just pure, raw cocksucking, my lips tightly sealed around his shaft, my tongue rubbing against the underside of his cock, my head bobbing up and down on his manhood, my hands gently kneading his ballsack and the base of his throbbing shaft. Slowly, gently, tenderly, while whimpering hornily on his hot meat and listening to his moans of pleasure and his outcries of amazement towards my boyfriend, who was from time to time commenting on my performance.

I felt embarrassed and yet so desireable and sexy at the same time, it was awesome! Also, it felt really, really good to have a warm, hard, pulsating piece of man meat in my watering mouth.

To relax my muscles and spare my lips a little, I then let him slip from my mouth and put my pouted, but closed lips on his shaft, rubbing them up and down on him. After that I licked and nibbled on his shaved balls and massaged his shaft with my hands. In between I even let him rub his penis on my exposed tits.

Whenever he got too excited, I did shy away from his trembling dick, smiling at him teasingly, tickling his tip with my tongue to keep him close to the edge. When he almost came, moaning louder and starting to shudder, I put a finger on his lips and said: "Shhh.... not yet... not yet, okay?" His amazed look when he nodded and slowly calmed down made me proud of my ability to please and control a man's lust.

I think it went on for over an hour. I did no longer notice what Josef was doing. Probably masturbating to the live porn he was witnessing.

After a while Mark asked me to go to the window front with him and kneel down with my back towards the window. He wanted to watch me suck him off in the reflexion. So for the last couple of minutes he stood before me in front of the balcony windows, and I knelt on the floor, my hands on his hips and my lips wrapped around his swollen, red-hot manhood. He buried his hands in my hair at the back of my head and guided my every movement delicately and carefully. I could feel his balls tighten and his shaft hardening even more, gaining a little in size as tension grew to a climax. My own juices were already running down the insides of my thighs and leaving little drops of liquid on the floor. My blood was rushing, I could feel my hearbeat in my ears and my throat. I heard myself moan on his erect cock with every stroke.

When he finally came, he unloaded a powerful stream of sperm into my mouth that I could barely hold. With a loud "FUCK!" he stumbled back as soon as he was spent and fell into the cushions of our couch. I still knelt there with my mouth full of cum and my chin stained with drops which had escaped the corners of my mouth. Josef came towards me with his cock out, jerking it. He put his hand on my head, petting me, murmuring in an excited tone: "Good girl, Alavia. Good girl... here, have some more, baby..." and grasped a handful of my hair, tilting my head up and yanking his dick in front of my face. I looked up into his eyes and opened my mouth. "That's my girl... there you go..." he said, and then unloaded his seed onto my tongue, adding his own sperm to that of his best friend. My mouth got filled with semen, and flowed over, staining the patent leather of my dress and dripping onto my naked tits.

Then he made me swallow it. I had some trouble gulping down all of that sticky mess. But it tasted good, if a little bitter and very salty.

Josef told me to go have a shower and make myself more comfortable. He would be accompanying me in our bedroom soon. As I walked past Mark, my legs very shaky from the amount of arousal raging inside me and from kneeling on the floor for such a long time, he looked up at me and gasped a "Thank you, Ally... thank you so much for that..."

I blushed, but told him I had enjoyed it very much, and that he was very welcome. I do not know what went on in our living room after that, but I guess it would have been interesting to be there and listen to what kind of conversation might have occurred between them. Josef never told me much about it. Only that he had found it appropriate to keep this a once in a lifetime experience, and that he had talked about it with Mark.

I took an extended shower, still horny as hell on the inside, and spent a good deal of time touching myself and recounting what had just happened to me. In fact I must have showered much longer than I was supposed to, because I was not yet finished when Josef accompanied me. And, as promised, I was rewarded for my obedience and devotion. Very much so. We did it in the shower, and because I had spent most of my time there pleasing myself, he had an easy time making me orgasm. We took a break, drying ourselves off and heading off to our bedroom. He told me Mark had gone home and had left "his compliments to the lady of the house". Giggling and teasing each other foolishly, we ended up in bed fucking like rabbits. The last words I heard before falling asleep in Josef's arms with my head on his chest, listening to his thumping heart, with his warm semen oozing out of my sore pussy, were "Ally, my sweet little Ally.... I am so proud of you, my girl...."

And that's the story of my night with two guys. Not really a threesome, but close to it as it gets. It only occurred this one time, and we didn't repeat it.