 My girl had unlocked the door and after having done so, was waiting by the kitchen table. I closed the door and walked over to kiss her. 

For the time of day, she was wearing a very revealing satin type sexy nighty that showed a lot of those large breasts I loved so much. I was surprised at what she was wearing and asked her about it. She held her finger up to her lips and signaled for me to follow her, heading for the shed outside. 

Once in the shed she gave me a hug and told me she would explain, but she had to do it fast because she had to get back upstairs. 

I have company, she whispered. Remember the gardening bill she asked? Well he was coming to collect today and I didn't have the money. So I slipped into this nighty and when he knocked on the door, I let him in and I had him sit in a kitchen chair. You should have seen his eyes popping out of his head love! I bent over to pretend to start writing a cheque in hope that when he got an eyeful of my boobs, he might think of taking payment in a different fashion. It sure worked; his cock was making a big tent in his pants as he stared down my top to my nipples. As I started to write I mentioned that the payment came at a very bad time as things were a bit tight right now. 

It took him about a minute, but he started rubbing his hand across my back and said softly...perhaps we can make other arrangements for payment, I'll bet you have other things that are a little tight. I looked up smiling and said I might be interested in that. He slowly dropped his hand down to my bottom and squeezed my cheek, chuckling when he found no panties to block his way. I moaned and I could feel my pussy getting wet. His other hand came up and slipped into the top of my nighty lifting my breast out and squeezing it,rolling the nipple. He had very large rough hands that felt wonderful. My pussy was soaked. 

I was beginning to like this type of payment. His left hand continued exploring under my nighty and was now squeezing and rubbing my bare ass while his right hand undid his zipper. He opened his pants and slipped down his boxers using one hand and never letting my ass go. Taking my hand he put it between his legs and his prick was hard as iron! He has a large thick uncircumcised cock with big full balls to match. As I was squeezing that big beautiful cock, I felt one of his long fingers start to slowly slide between my pussy lips and right into my hole. It felt as big as your cock does! I was so wet he had no trouble giving me a hard finger fuck! A minute later I felt his hand on my back again firmly pushing me down on the table with my ass in the air,my pussy exposed. I heard him whisper you have a lovely little quim and I'll bet it's a bit tight too.I'm going to stretch it a little. 

He stepped behind me and I knew that little quim was about to be pounded by a very large cock.Right about then,you called to tell me you were on your way.He looked at me to see what I wanted to do. I said pass me the phone and the whole time I was talking to you, that big hard tool was sliding up and down my pussy lips ,the big head drooling and spreading his juices with mine. 

Before I even finished saying goodbye to you, he was spreading my pussy lips and stretching me as he put that big head up into my pussy.It took him about four or five strokes before I felt those big balls slap my bottom! I was so stuffed with cock I could hardly breath. I could feel every vein and bump on his shaft as he slowly moved in and out of my pussy. He asked me if I wanted him to pull out or use a condom, I just about yelled NO! telling him I wanted to feel that big fat cock spurt inside me!! That did it, he started to pound his cock into my little pussy and believe it or not I came in about two minutes. As I came I squeezed his cock with my pussy & he let out a loud roar and just started spraying his cum inside me like a fire hose! I felt every single hot spurt of his cum as he shot into me telling me what a tight cunt I had. Before he was even finished shooting, I could feel the cream running down my thighs from the huge load he was pumping into me! 

I had just grabbed some Kleenex and started wiping myself when he took my arm and said lets go upstairs and finish this. I reached out my hand and found a tool that was still like a crowbar! I practically ran upstairs! I couldn't wait to feel that big cock back in my pussy again. He had just slid that big prick back into me when I heard your car drive in. He pulled out and I put my nighty on and ran down here to meet you. 

I can see by the hard on you've got that you don't mind my pussy being stretched and creamed by a new cock! I slid my zipper down and took out my very hard cock. She reached out and grabbed it, saying why don't you taste my pussy now.....I'll bet you'll really like it all full of fresh hot cream that's not yours! Hurry up though; I have to go back upstairs. 

I squatted down and looked at her pussy.It was obviously stretched and the lips were very swollen and hanging down, I wasted no time sliding my tongue into her sloppy cunt. Sucking and licking up the cream that was running out.I couldn't believe how much there was. I straightened up grabbed her and kissed her hard, letting her taste the cream I had been sucking out of her. She whispered tastes sweet doesn't it? I'm sure I'll swallow a good load straight from his balls later. Slide your cock in and feel how hot and stretched she is. I guided my cock into her slick swollen cunt and thrust hard. Can you cum quick she whispered? I grunted yes and started pounding her pud fast and hard. It took less than a minute and I was shooting the biggest load into her that I had spurted in weeks. 

I pulled out and she moaned, saying, get down and clean that up so I can go upstairs again. I think I know someone up there that would like to fuck my tight little bum...and you know how much I love that! I squatted once again and started slurping up my cum from her pussy. After a few minutes of sucking her quim clean, she pushed my shoulder saying I have to go but would you like to stay and listen to him pound my little ass Love? He doesn't have to know you are even here. Pretend to leave and I will slam the door as if you have gone. Then you can stand quietly at the bottom of the stairs and you can hear his big balls slapping my bottom as he fucks me with that big tool of his.He makes a lot of noise when he blows his load Babe,so you won't have any trouble knowing when he is filling my bottom with fresh hot cream. Just stay out of site and be ready to come upstairs when he is gone. After having my bottom well fucked I will need that tongue of yours to do some more cum removal ....or would you like to come upstairs and watch him cream me.....? 





Did you enjoy this story? Want to read more? Drop me a line.