 I unlocked the door and stepped inside. As I took off my coat, I heard her voice say, I'm up here....her voice sounding warm and yet excited. I climbed the stairs and went into her bedroom which was lighted by a small night light. As I approached the bed, I could tell she was naked, her nipples standing erect under the covers. You took a long time; I've been waiting for you she whispered. I stared down at her and saw her long hair was mussed and her face was flushed. I bent down to kiss her and as she wrapped her arms around my neck I caught the definite scent of cum on her breath. She didn't kiss me right away but slipped her head sideways and whispered in my ear, remember your fantasy? Well I have managed to make it come true for you. 

Do you recall when I told you about my uncle and the things we used to do. Well he is in town this weekend and he called and asked if I would like him to come by. Well I was just thrilled at the idea that he could stop in and maybe help me make your fantasy come true! When I asked him to help, Uncle John was more than happy to do so! 

Within 20 minutes John had arrived, had my panties off and had me lying on my bed with my legs spread wide waiting to be fucked by that hard tool of his! 

He did me three times love, just to give you something nice and creamy and cum filled to come home to. If you give me a nice kiss you'll be able to taste where he put his first load... I bent down and gave her a deep kiss. Can you taste it she whispered.... he came so fast in my hot little mouth... it hit the back of my throat so hard I had to swallow quick to catch every drop of his cum when he spurted! What I really enjoyed though, was when I felt him thrust his long, thick tool into me. It was as hard as a crow bar! 

John has a nice thick foreskin that I enjoy feeling sliding back and forth in my pussy. He sure didn't last long.I used my tight little cream sucker to squeeze every drop of cream from his beautiful big balls. As he shot his seed into me, he whispered "here's a nice big load of cum for your boyfriend to clean out of that sweet cunt of yours. 

I love the feel of that big tool thrusting into me & shooting off. I can feel every pulse and squirt when he pumps his cum into me. Would you like to see how creamy I am? 

Taking my hand she guided it to her pussy. It was still hot,wet and slippery with his cum. I slid two fingers into her wide open hole as she said,you'll feel how much he stretched me when you slide into me. 

She pulled back the covers to reveal a very wet, swollen pussy with cream just running down between the cheeks of her ass. I stared at the gaping, recently fucked lips and she whispered..... so... are you going to get down there and eat me? Lick all that fresh hot cum from my pussy..... its still nice and warm you know... he was spurting in me just ten minutes before you got here and I've kept it nice & hot for you. I've been dying to feel that tongue of yours thrusting into my creamy pussy and sucking all my uncle's sauce out.I want you to tongue fuck my pussy until I cum and then I might let you fill me up with another load. 

I bent down and inhaled the scent of her pussy. It smelled strongly of his sperm and her juices mixed together. I flicked my tongue out, licking a dribble of cum from her cunt lips; she shivered and let out a low moan. I opened my mouth wide and fastened it to her gaping quim, sucking hard and swallowing her load of hot cum and tongue fucked her looking for more. I felt her contract her cunt muscles around my tongue and another large river of cum came flooding out of her hole and on to my tongue. I quickly swallowed as more juice came sliding out, licking and sucking until the flow slowed to a trickle and finally stopped. I lifted my head with my chin dripping her juices and smiled at her. Now can I fuck you my little slut, I asked. 

She smiled not answering, instead she said my uncle asked me if I would like a little threesome with you and him...... it was very hard to say no, with his big thick boner sliding into my bottom. That's right Babe, he buggered your little girl..... I loved it and I drove my little ass onto that big dick hard and fast just like I used to do, until he exploded into my tight bum. He spurted such a big load of cream,I can still feel it dribbling out of my little hole....... if you feel it, you'll find its not so little anymore! But it is creamy..... 

Uncle John said he likes playing with guys too sometimes.... he likes your ass and thinks it might be a nice, tight fit for his thick cock....... would you like that..... would you like to feel my uncles big meat sliding into your bottom..... I'd sure love to see that! Maybe he could bugger you while you fuck me, or perhaps you would like to taste a hot load of cum direct from that big hard cock. 

You might enjoy feeling him spurting in your mouth and hitting the back of your throat with his hot cum instead of second hand from my pussy. You've swallowed a lot of his come without knowing it my love, and seemed to like it! I would love to watch you give him a blow job while I suck your cock and make you spurt too! 

You could watch him fuck me and I'll let you kiss me just as he pumps your lovers little pussy full of cream! Maybe you might like to lick his big balls while he banged my little pussy? Perhaps John could fuck my pussy while you pump my little ass. You could feel his cock moving inside me that way and rub against each other. Would you like that Babe? Feeling another man's cock rubbing against yours while he fucked your girlfriend? I bet you'd cum so hard! I could feel every spurt from both of your cream sticks! I love that feeling! 

Yes...that's right Babe, I've done it before! You see John has a very well endowed 18 year old son that loves pussy...... especially my pussy. I took his cherry four months ago and I've been taking his spurting cock ever since! You've sucked his load out of my little quim more than once love! Come on Babe, get undressed and get that cock into me. We have plans to make! 




Did you enjoy this story? Want to read more? Drop me a line!