 Sophie writing about her sharing her best friend ... 

Now that I'd come to a decision and accepted what I was, it became easier. I didn't fight myself anymore; and more importantly, I didn't fight his word. I accepted what he gave me, whether it was good or bad, I accepted the time he gave me, and also the time he didn't.

We continued like this for some time, albeit covertly. My friends in the office were aware I was involved with someone, but they didn't know who, or how. 

The next office outing was to a local restaurant/club. Marcus decided that it was to be the night everyone saw us together, the night everyone was to realise our relationship. He chose my clothes for the evening; nothing overtly sexual, but I was to wear my collar, a black beaded choker.

I was nervous about the evening. Normally the life and soul of any party, I was aware that tonight my behaviour would be tempered, tonight I would be his. When we arrived together, a few comments were made, Marcus smoothly made light of them, whilst I stood at his side, for once at a loss for words.

Under my normal clothes, Marcus had instructed me to insert weighted balls into my cunt. Not only was it a new situation, but I was constantly in a state of awareness and arousal as I repeated clenched my muscles round the smooth, heavy balls.

We sat at the table together. After a while - and a drink - I relaxed, and began to enjoy the evening with my friends. I was never allowed to forget what I was that evening. If for one second Marcus thought I was becoming too relaxed, he'd reach across and gently finger my collar; reminding me. More than once during a conversation, he'd command my attention in some way, and I'd stop mid sentence to turn to him.

By now people were making comments; what was going on between us? ........ light was beginning to dawn, they were beginning to understand. I was met with astonished stares and gasps. I didn't care. I was proud of who I was.

He whispered to me to go to the toilet and remove the balls and my panties, put them in my handbag and come back to him. Coming back, Marcus deliberately turned to me, and raising my skirt, lifted one of my legs over his. Slowly his hand inched up my inner thigh. Although the table covered us, anyone looking would have been aware of what was going on. 

He kept moving upwards, chatting to me normally, until he reached my cunt. Of course I was wet for him. I was always wet for him. Slowly he inserted a finger inside me. I closed my eyes briefly, trying to regain my equilibrium. The finger slowly twisted and turned, curved inside me, then moved out again. In and out, slowly, torturing me.

He told me I'd cum. He told me I'd cum in front of our friends. They would see what I slut I was. I didn't care. I came for him. Fighting to keep my face blank, fighting to stop the noises that escaped me. Fighting to return to normal. Marcus laughed, then told me to enjoy the rest of the evening. I was free to leave his side, but of course I was still wearing the collar. I was still his.

Standing at the bar, dancing, sitting talking to friends; whenever I looked over to him, which was often, his eyes were boring into me. He'd smile. Finally, as I stood at the bar with my best friend, he joined us.

''Time to go. Sophie, would you like to come back for a drink?'' I gasped. He knew I fancied my best friend Sophie. What was he going to do?

''Marcus, no'' I begged him. ''Julia, yes'' he mimicked me.

*** He sat on a chair, while Sophie and I sat on the sofa. We drank wine and chatted, until he looked at me and said ''its time''.

I moved closer to Sophie, slowly cupped her cheek in the palm of my hand, stroking her gently. I told her she was my best friend, how I loved her. Then I moved slowly forward, pressed my lips to hers. She gasped slightly, but stayed where she was. Her lips tasted of wine; wine and woman.

Encouraged I pressed deeper, licking her lips, gently teasing my tongue into her mouth. All the while, carressing her face, her hair. Soon she was kissing me back, a deep wanton kiss. I moved my hands down her front, over her tits. She was slim, with small tits, cute brown nipples. Gently, I cupped one in my hand, stroking with my thumb.

Sophie started to moan, arching to me slightly. I unbuttoned her shirt and pulled down her bra. Quickly I took one of her beautiful tits into my mouth, sucking at it. Licking her nipple as I thumbed it, then sucking hard, biting gently. Then opening my mouth wide, taking as much of her into my mouth as I could. My other hand playing with her other breast. Soon I was moaning loudly, the sight of her turning me on.

I was constantly aware of Marcus watching us, but think Sophie had forgotten him. If she remembered his existence, it certainly didn't bother her. Moving back up to kiss her mouth, I whispered to Sophie that I wanted to taste her. She nodded slightly. I slid onto my knees between her legs, and began to gently massage my way up her legs, pushing her skirt up as I went. When it was round her hips, I pushed Sophie back onto the cushions and pulled off her panties.

Nibbling and licking my way up her legs, still gently massaging, til I reached her naked cunt. I buried my head in between her legs, taking in the musky scent, then gently I pulled her sex lips apart. I pushed my tongue straight into her. She gasped in shock and pleasure. I couldn't help myself; I wanted to take it slowly, but I needed to taste her, wanted her in my mouth.

I buried myself there, licking, sucking, stroking, fucking. It was my first taste of a woman, and I loved it. She moaned and thrust herself at me, pulling my head deeper. When I finally bit into her clit, her cry was pure ecstasy. I used my fingers then, fucking deep into her, twisting and turning, curving; the way I liked Marcus to finger fuck me.

I did this till she came in my mouth. Her body jerking, her cunt pulsing over my mouth. Sucking her till her juices dried. Then I moved back to her face, told her to kiss me, to taste herself on my. Told her how good she tasted.

At that point I heard Marcus stand. He told us to follow him to the bedroom. There, he sat Sophie on a chair. He told her he was going to show her what I do for him. He ordered me to take off his clothes. I did this slowly, enjoying the touch of him, the smell, the taste as I left tiny kisses on his body. When he was naked, he told me to strip myself. This I did quicker; wanting to be naked for him. Then I knelt on the floor, hands behind my back, head held high, eyes lowered.

Smiling, he again told Sophie to watch. Watch what his slut would do for her master. He moved me till I was bent over a chest of drawers, my legs spread wide, my wet cunt on display to Sophie. He pulled my hands forward till I was stretched forward, tied them there. Then he started to smack me. He made me count them, then thank him after each one.

I counted twenty, my voice choked, tears in my eyes. He told me how red and warm my bottom was becoming, how attractive it looked. Then he told me how wet I was, how Sophie could see how wet I was; how being spanked turned me on. I didn't care, it felt good. I could hear Sophie's ragged breathing. Obviously she liked what she saw. Finally, he massaged my bum, kissed it gently, then released me.

Marcus lay me across the bed, he then moved Sophie til she backed up on me, her body lying directly over mine, her back to my stomach. Her head fell back into my neck and we kissed. I reached round to touch her body, running my hands all over her. Then I felt Marcus between our legs. He was entering her. She didn't object.

Marcus started to fuck Sophie. I could feel it. I could feel her body moving on top of me, but under him. He fell onto her, pinning me down, his hands holding mine while he kissed her. He wanted me to be a part of it, he wanted to fuck Sophie, but he wanted me there, experiencing the pleasure.

He fucked her til they both came. Then he instructed me to lick her clean. To lick their combined cum from her cunt. I swallowed deep, enjoying the taste of my master and my best friend. Finally, he pulled me to him, kissed me deeply. Whispered to me ''well done my slut''.