 Walking in the door I could hear the sounds coming from the bedroom. A woman's voice. Moaning...panting. Fucking.

I felt a surge of energy. Jealousy? Anger? Excitement? I wasn't sure. I set my purse down and walked quietly down the hall. I could hear his breathing, he said something I could not hear. He was never much for talking. She moaned again. I stepped into the doorway and looked in. He was facing me, on top of her. I wasn't sure who she was- but I suspected she was a co-worker. Maybe his boss. I wasn't sure. I didn't really care.

The girl on the bed didn't notice my presence. Her blond hair was sprayed on the bed behind her. Her leg was thrown up over his shoulder and he was sinking his cock deep into her. She had large full breasts. I could see her pink nipples, hard and jutting towards him. He looked up at me. Our eyes met but he never stopped thrusting. His eyes were dark and smoldering, the way they get when he's aroused. I knew that look.

I slowly moved to the chair inside the door. His eyes never left me. With every thrust, she moaned out. I watched his body move. Dipping his cockshaft into her, slowly- thrusting upwards to hit her g-spot. I taught you that, I thought to myself. His movements were slow and steady, fluid. He was not in a rush and he moved in and out of her in one continuous move. I could see him staring at my braless tits. My nipples were hard, giving away my excitement. I brought my fingers up to pinch them thru my white t-shirt. I spread my legs and lifted my skirt, exposing my freshly shaved pussy to him. He licked his lips and watched me play with my tits.

Still looking at me, he lowered her leg and moved over her body to sucked on one her fresh pink nipples while massaging the other one breast with his hand. Moving lower on her, he pulled his thick shaft from her and moved down to kiss her pussy. He looked up at me and gave me a wicked smile. He was challenging me.

I stood up and removed my skirt, leaving my t-shirt on. I walked over to the bed and stood over her. From his previous descriptions, I recognized her as his boss. She was as hot as he described her. Soft milky skin, curvy, very feminine. I knew he would fuck her sooner or later, the whore he was. Her eyes were closed and she was smiling softly. Melting into the heavenly pleasure that his tongue provided. His tongue licked at the bottom of her slit and moved all the way up over her clit hood and he circled around it. He was not trying to make her cum yet, just give her pleasure. He was good at this. He loved pleasing a woman. He was not a frantic lover. He continued to gently circle her sensitive clit area, never focusing on the hard pink bud that I could see from where I was standing. She stroked her breasts, pinching her nipples increasing her own pleasure. He looked up again and saw me standing over her. He was contemplating my next move- but I could tell he wanted to tease me. He looked away from me and pressed his mouth over her slippery cunt, pressing his tongue down on her clit. Pressure, sucking, stroking. I knew the technique. She arched her back and moved her head up towards me, but still did not open her eyes.

Bending over the edge of the bed, I reached over and stroked her forehead and ran my hands thru her long blond hair. Her eyes opened and she was startled for a second. He looked up at me, and then continued to tongue her pussy. I smiled at her and continued to stroke her hair and her face. Something in her eyes recognized me too. Perhaps she knew who I was from my description also. Her hands moved up towards me and she pulled me down towards her mouth. Her lips were soft and warm. Wet. Our tongues met and rubbed against each other. I always loved kissing women. They are so much softer and gentler. I moaned gently into her mouth and reach over her to massage one of her breasts. They were firm, but soft and full. Her skin was flushed and her soft pink nipples were getting darker from her excitement. I could have kissed her forever. She was so soft and passionate. She moaned into my mouth and sucked on to my tongue. Her excitement was growing further and I could tell by her quickened breathing and her lips quivering beneath mine that she was getting ready to cum.

He was watching us kiss. I threw him a naughty smile and moved away from her hot mouth. I put one of her hard nipples in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it. Her skin was warm and damp- I could smell him on her skin. It increased my own excitement. My pussy was starting to ache from the feel of her nipples tickling my tongue. When our eyes met again, he had slowed his tongue and now lapped her pussy- slowing her orgasm. It was a sweet torture that would pay off later. She moaned a soft whine at the descent. It was unfair, but I knew what he was doing. He was wicked and deliberate. Moving along side of her my lips moved moved lower on her body, kissing her skin and licking the taste of sweat and sex off of her soft stomach. She gasped as I moved lower and licked the smooth shaved mound above her pussy. I could smell her excitement mixed with the scent of his cologne and his cock that had been filling her pussy when I arrived. I could smell him all over her and it filled my senses. Our tongues met at the tip of her clit. Both our tongues flicking her hard little bud as she squirmed below me.

My tongue was soft and flat over her clit as I took over the task at hand. He sat back and pushed a finger into her cunt. He pulled it out and gave it to me to suck on. Her juice was warm and thick. Like sex should be. He fingered her slowly while I felt her hard nub push against my tongue. I gently sucked at her pussy, tasting her sweet juice, kissing gently and applying soft short strokes to her clit. It didn't take long for me to get her back to her plateau. Relatively inexperienced at licking pussy, I moved over her in ways that I fantasize about. Circling her bud with my tongue slowly, finding the sensitive side. Stroking with the flat tip of my tongue, surrounding her clit but applying some pressure to her hot spot. Her hands moved to my head, signaling how close she was. She buried her fingers in my hair and pushed her slick cunt into my face. She was so hot, so ready. Rubbing my tongue back and forth, applying friction and connecting to her center. I could feel him pressing his fingers against her g-spot, rubbing in circles, and drawing his finger towards himself as if to pull her orgasm from her. Her legs started to quiver beneath us as I kept my same movement. Soft pressure, and gentle friction as she instinctively skidded her sex against my tongue. I was hungry to taste her sweet juices. To give her release.

She got lost in the sensation. Pushing down on his fingers to push him in deeper and moving up to drag her clit over my tongue. Her pussy swelled and opened as her cunt released its sweet energy. I could smell the rush of hot cum dripping from his fingers onto his hand and he stroked her from the inside. I moved with her, as she reached her peak and then gently sucked and caressed her throbbing clit as she reveled in the sensation. She continued to grind against my mouth as I changed my movements to flow with her, not rushing her but allowing her to feel each sensation and enjoy coming down as much as she enjoyed the journey. Her voice shook and trembled and she moaned pure pleasure. He pulled his fingers out as I moved farther down to drink her hot cum as it dripped from her pussy, slowly and gently- careful not to ruin it. She was delicious...and I now was hungry.