 There's something about reading other people's stories, I keep thinking is that real, did they really do that? It's so much hotter to read something that really happened. So I thought why not tell one of my own true stories.

It happened last Christmas, after a friend's wedding. It was late and the other guests were mostly gone. We'd stayed up drinking with some Army officers, in no hurry to get back to our room in the hotel. They were going to catch a cab to another hotel, but it was late, and we were having a good time drinking and chatting to them so we offered them floor space in our room.

Two of the guys went home but Jamie took us up on the offer; he'd been flirting with Sarah all night and clearly hoped he wouldn't end up on the floor. Sarah's the kind of girl most guys will try to get somewhere with, dark hair, perky round tits, slightly shorter than average but with great legs and the dirtiest smile. She has a way of looking at you that tells you she's thinking about doing something filthy, and that you'd probably love it. I'm a few inches taller than Sarah and my hair is longer, with full bouncy breasts and tanned skin, her skin is milky white and the smoothest thing I've ever felt.

When we got to the room Sarah changed into her pink satin PJs, I hadn't planned on having guys in the room and only had a T-shirt to sleep in. When I changed out of my dress I decided to leave my teddy on, my breasts are much fuller than Sarah's and I didn't want them bouncing around in a thin T-shirt in front of the guy Sarah was into. 

Jamie left his dress uniform on a chair and sat around in his underwear while we drank the last of the whisky we'd brought back from the bar. I'm not sure if it was the amount of whisky we'd shared or the sight of his tanned body as he lay back on the other bed, but I suddenly reached out my leg from the bed Sarah and I were sat on and traced a line up his leg with my toe. We were both flirting shamelessly with each other and with him. Sarah and I had kissed before in drinking games and to tease guys and I knew a bit of harmless flirting to get Jamie 'warmed up' wouldn't offend her. 

He carried on talking as if nothing was happening, but at the same time he was responding, sliding his hand slowly down my calf. I backed off after a while and assumed after I went to my bed the two of them would take it further. But when he went to the bathroom she said she was tired and wasn't going to go for it. 

There were two beds in the room but our friend Jane was already asleep in the other one, having overdone the wine at the reception. I had been planning to sleep on the sofa cushions we'd arranged on the floor earlier when we found the hotel was fully booked. Now that Jamie wasn't going to be getting in with Sarah I spread the cushions wider to make two beds.

I needn't have bothered. Within seconds of the lights going off Jamie had slid over to my pile of cushions and started to kiss me. He was hot and hard, it wasn't long before the T-shirt was gone and he was whispering in my ear about how badly he wanted to fuck me. 

Fine by me. I thought Sarah would be asleep and I'm quite noisy when I cum so I suggested we go into the bathroom before things went any further. Just then I felt something brush my hand. Before I knew what was happening Sarah was in the makeshift bed with us whispering something in both our ears. It took me a second to realise it was 'mind if I join you?'

Jamie had frozen, I could see the hesitation in his eyes, obviously trying to work out which answer would see to it that his erection, which was still pushing against the lace between my legs, wasn't wasted. I had to make a decision fast before my brain took over and reminded me Sarah was a colleague and that I'd have to face her in the office on Monday.

I leant in and whispered to Jamie to kiss Sarah, at the same time putting my hand in her silky hair and guiding her towards his face. As soon as they'd finished kissing Sarah leant in to kiss me, letting him know we were going to enjoy each other, not just him.

Sarah was soon rolled gently onto her back so that I could help Jamie undress her, pulling her satin shorts off while he kissed her breasts and pulled the top over her head. We both took a second to take in the sight of Sarah lying there naked, her full round tits revealed, skin as smooth as silk, her pussy neatly shaved with just a thin strip pointing the way to the pussy we now knew we were both going to have. 

And then they turned their attention to me. Sarah struggled up and got on top of me, kissing me hard, pulling back just far enough for Jamie to see our tongues exploring each other's mouths. And then I felt him pulling at the black lace that held my tits in, gently exposing my D cup breasts which now sat right under Sarah's. The teddy continued its journey downwards as Sarah slid to the side so Jamie could see my tits properly. She was kissing my neck now and beginning to tease my nipple with her fingers as Jamie's tongue found its way to the same place. Then I felt her hands take over my slow strip, my last shred of modesty removed as she tugged at the lace between my legs and gently pushed my legs open to show Jamie my pussy. The teddy disappeared entirely to land somewhere near where Jane was sleeping. 

Sarah pushed my legs all the way open then, looking up to make sure Jamie could see what she had exposed for him, as if my throbbing pussy was a gift from her and her naked breasts, only a few inches away made it clear she was going to give him her own body too. 

It felt amazingly sexy to be lying there with my shaven pussy completely exposed, being offered to a man I'd known for only a few hours by another woman. He licked me first, but pretty soon I felt a new tongue lapping gently at my clit, new fingers pushing slowly inside me. I looked down and sure enough it was Sarah who was now sucking and kissing me slowly for his viewing pleasure. Jamie was behind and above her, clearly enjoying the sight of her giving me my first girl-on-girl oral sex, at the same time slowly sliding his fingers in and out of her cunt. 

My pussy was on fire and I soon wanted something more than Sarah's fingers inside me. Gently I pulled her away from me and sat up, kissing her deeply on the mouth and licking around her lips seductively so she would know I wasn't finished with her. Jamie was rock hard after licking my pussy and watching Sarah do the same, time to get to know that erection a little better. 

We pushed him onto his back and I slid myself all the way down onto his hard cock. As I began sliding back and forth, taking him balls-deep into my smoothly shaved pussy, Sarah knelt with one leg either side of his head and leant forward to kiss me, rubbing my nipples at the same time. The view from where Jamie lay must have been incredible.

Before long I felt him stiffen as he pumped his first load of cum deep into me, crying out loudly. I froze for a moment, listening for any change in Jane's gentle snore, but it didn't stop and neither did we. Sarah came up behind me and lifted me from Jamie's still-hard cock, pulling me down on top of her so that we both faced up with our legs wide open, again giving him a full view of two soaking wet pussies. 

She reached down and placed her just-licked fingers into my cunt as I started to stroke my tits, drawing slow circles around my nipples, for my pleasure and theirs. I was so close it was only a minute later that I felt my pussy tighten around her fingers and the world slid out of focus as I burst into my first orgasm. It was amazing, the feeling of letting myself go completely for her, with Jamie looking on and Jane asleep only a few feet away.

Jamie kissed us both then, ending up in a three way kiss with all of our tongues lapping at each other, the taste of my pussy still on both of theirs. I decided it was time to use Sarah's beautiful body to give Jamie and me some pleasure. I whispered in his ear to fetch the camera phone from my bag, meanwhile I pulled the tie he had been wearing from the back of the chair and tied Sarah's wrists together tightly above her head while I kissed her beautiful round tits. 

When he pointed the phone I posed her for him, pushing down on her knees to open her pussy as wide as it would go. I made her hard nipples wet with my saliva and pulled her hands higher above her head to lift her tits. She looked amazing, if I couldn't see that myself I would have known it anyway from the way Jamie was snapping away and sliding his other hand up and down the shaft of his cock. He went in for a close up of her pussy, using the flash to make sure nothing was left private in the low light of the room. Jamie decided he needed both of us in one shot then, proof (trusting that I would send it on to him) that he'd had us both, and something to masturbate to later. 

I knelt underneath him and pulled Sarah up onto her knees so he could point the camera down and capture our nipples sliding against each other as we kissed. That position put us at the right height and before he had time to react we were sliding our tongues down the shaft of his cock, carrying on into a all-girl kiss as we reached the tip. We carried on sharing his cock and eventually the camera was put aside, I guess when he thought he had enough shots of his pre-cum dripping from our mouths as we fought over his erection, and he lay back down to enjoy the blow job properly. 

We greedily sucked his cock into our mouths one after the other, competing to get closest to the bottom of his shaft. Then I left Sarah pulling him deep into her throat while I sucked his balls into my mouth and began to lick and suck them, running my tongue around in circles and moaning gently, knowing the vibration would drive him wild. I've always loved giving head and now know the only way to do it thoroughly is with two of you lapping away together.

When he'd enjoyed our oral attentions for as long as he could take it, he pushed us both back onto the cushions, laying us out next to each other, legs open, and knelt back trying to choose which pussy he wanted. It was no surprise that he wanted to try Sarah first, he'd already had me once and her pussy was new, untouched and sopping wet. I would have wanted to slide inside her if I was him.

Then Jamie's hand was on the back of my head, pushing me towards her pussy to prepare her for him, as if she needed any more foreplay, she was already dripping wet. I obliged anyway, curious to get my first taste of pussy and keen to please Jamie in a way I had never imagined before. I was just starting to realise how hot it was to be just a piece of pussy to someone, doing everything they want and being used as a plaything, the harder he got the more my pussy throbbed. I wanted to make sure Sarah was well used too.

As she started to moan under my tongue Jamie moved my tongue away from her slit, he'd already put on a condom and was moving into position between her satin smooth legs. I reached up and hooked her still-tied wrists under the leg of a nearby table, trapping her where she was, leaving her totally vulnerable for him again, legs open, pussy totally exposed, this time for his cock, not his camera. 

I moved in behind him, stroking him slowly with one hand while I gently probed her pussy with the other, my breasts pushed up against his back. Then I whispered in his ear to lose the condom and take her bareback. She was too delicious a treat to resist that offer and he was shaking slightly as I slid the condom back off his rigid cock and guided him towards her pussy. 

Sarah tried to resist, saying something about not being on the pill but her hands were trapped and she was in no position to do anything about it. She was dripping wet now and must have been dying to feel something in her pussy by that point. 

I guided him all the way in, feeling her open up around his shaft as he gasped in pleasure. As he began to pump his cock deep into her I picked up the camera phone and started to shoot them, taking stills of her ripe tits and using the video function to capture the look of ecstasy on both their faces and to shoot close ups of his cock disappearing into her and reappearing covered in her juices. He cried out, saying how tight she felt around his shaft, that he'd never felt so horny before. I could feel his legs trembling as he drove down into her again and again.

Then I felt the camera being taken from my hand and Jamie guided me down on top of Sarah, face up so I was spread out for his visual pleasure while he was still pumping Sarah's pussy. He pulled out of her and filmed himself thrusting quickly into me, then after a few times bottoming out inside me he pulled out and drove his huge cock back inside Sarah. 

He carried on like that, going from one to the other whenever he felt the urge, keeping us both on the brink of orgasm. Feeling Sarah's breasts pushing against my back while Jamie fucked us both was amazing and before long I reached down and rubbed my clit until I came again, even harder than the first time. It felt like my whole body was cumming, my toes stretched, my head rang and every inch of my skin tingled against Sarah's as we both enjoyed being Jamie's filthy little sluts.

Then I found the tie around Sarah's wrists and pulled her loose from the table, knowing that by now she was beyond all resistance, far too turned on to be thinking clearly. She immediately put her still-bound hands on my breasts and began to knead them, holding on tight as Jamie drove her towards orgasm. She wasn't far behind me, after only another minute or so I felt her go rigid as her orgasm hit, I turned my head to kiss her and she came on his cock, her body wracked by spasms. 

It must have felt amazing for Jamie, her tight pussy contracting around him as she wriggled under my naked body, straining against her wrist restraint and he looked like holding back his own orgasm was taking all his effort. Almost as soon as Sarah stopped shaking he pulled out of her and moved us both on to our knees, heads together, mouths open. He held the camera close as he shot hot wet semen over both of our faces, into our mouths, rubbing it in to our faces as we kissed each other, wiping his cock inside our mouths when he was finished. We both licked him clean, fighting over his cock one last time.

When Sarah went back to her bed I checked that Jane was really asleep and hadn't caught any of what had gone on. I knew I was going to send the photos and video to Sarah and Jamie over the coming weeks anyway, but I wanted to know that how and when this night was masturbated over was in my control alone. In the end I would send the images one by one with instructions to go straight to the nearest bathroom and masturbate to them. Knowing we were all thinking of that night at the same time and touching ourselves was addictive, and Sarah and I got to share the experience at work once, sneaking off to the shower room to masturbate in front of each other.

Speaking of which, writing about that night has driven me right to the edge, time to let you go and free up these hands.