 I arrived home to my dorm on Saturday afternoon after an amazing 24 hours in the city with Leo; my secret lover. Me and Jared weren't in a relationship; we just had sex, and he had amassed a small following of guys who wanted to have sex with me too. That was part of our arrangement, I really love group sex and Jared likes facilitating it for me. He likes to have some control over me in that respect; that's why I didn't want to tell him about Leo. I met Leo through Jared you see, he is one of his business clients and other than breaking our sexual arrangement agreement, me fucking Leo might cause an issue with Jared's job.

Jessica, my roommate and best friend was out when I arrived home. I unpacked some of my things and threw my washing at the basket. My phone vibrated; I had a text message:

[Gregory told me he delivered you home safe. Thanks for a hot night, it was a pleasure seeing you ;) Leo x]

Gregory was Leo's driver who had drove me back home in the Mercedes. Leo was some kind of crazy rich; he had at least 2 apartments in the city and presumably a house where he lived with his wife. He took my to a really fancy restaurant and pulled out all the stops last night. It was nice to be treated so well but I knew it was just a bit of fun; Leo had his own life that I'd probably never learn much about. I guessed he would get bored of me after a couple months but I like variety too, I wasn't going to develop feelings for him and get crazy over this. I text him back:

[I had a great night too, thank you x Eve x ]

I realized I was well overdue on my washing; I had nothing clean to wear. I borrowed a pair of Jess's red hot-pants and a white tank top; she only owned skimpy clothes, if it didn't show cleavage or ass she didn't own it. I had bigger boobs than her too so the white fabric and low neckline left very little to the imagination. I picked up my washing basket and headed to the laundry room; college life came with it's usual mundane activities. There were a few other students around the halls but I was alone when I got to the laundry room.

I loaded my washing, threw in some powder then took a perch on top of the empty dryers. I checked my phone and saw that Jared had text me:

[When are you back? Got another party tonight, last night was a bust. We're doing a late pool party at Pete's frat. J]

Jared had text me last night expecting to pick me up but I was in the city with Leo so I made up an excuse. Jared text me later in the night to say that he picked up Jess instead. I had felt a little jealous that Jess may have got to be star of one of Jared's sex parties but I was on cloud 9 with Leo so I let it go. He said it was a 'bust' though, I wondered what went wrong - I hoped to get the gossip from Jess. I text him back:

[Yeah I'm back on campus. Pool party sounds good. Tell me when to be ready. E x ]

I decided to text Jess too:

[Hey babe, what happened last night then!? Need the goss <3 Evee xx ]

I played on my phone for a little while, waiting for my washing. Jess text back:

[OMG drama! Seriously babe... I'll be home in an hour I'll tell you everything. I wanna hear what you got up to too!! Jess xx]

The washing machine finished so I started unloading it into a dryer. I heard someone else enter the launderette. I was bent over the dryer in Jess's hot-pants so I was aware that my ass was on show. I came up to see that a guy had joined me with his washing.

"Hey, nice laundry day outfit," he smirked.

It was Karl, we were already very well acquainted. He was part of the group that fucked me on the pool table when my whole sexy gang bang adventures began. I also gave him a blow-job at the gas station during the road trip. 

"Yeah thanks," I replied, sarcastically.

He loaded his washing but kept glancing over at me, checking me out. I ignored him and texted Jess again:

[I'm just doing some washing - ran out of clothes. Borrowed some of yours and they're getting me a bit of attention! Lol xx]

"You coming to Pete's pool party tonight?" Karl asked, still staring at my boobs squeezed into Jess's tank top.

"Yeah probably," I said.

He walked over to me, getting closer than invited. He was hot, most of Jared's friends were hot football players and memories of him fucking me were definitely pleasant ones.

"Mmmm I know what you get up to at parties, maybe you can give me a bit of that pussy now," he said, putting his hands to my waist.

I bit my lip and looked up at him, I was attracted to him. Leo had left me horny this morning, I didn't get chance to play with myself after he came over me. Karl was an easy fuck, I could totally get off on his cock and I considered it. 

Karl leaned down, shoved his tongue in my mouth and leaned into me, pushing me against the dryer. I felt myself getting wet and I felt that his cock was rock hard against me. I kissed him back and rubbed my hand over his cock through his pants. He moved his hands up to my boobs and rubbed my nipples through the fabric of my top. 

Karl played with my boobs for a while as we made out. He moved his hands back down to my hips and around to my ass, lifting me up on the dryer which was now in full-spin The vibrations of the machine were stimulating my clit as I sat on top of it. I spread my legs open, inviting Karl in. He pushed his bulge in towards me, allowing me to grind against him through his pants. 

These guys just did something to me, I felt out of control around them. My mind wondered back to Leo, and then to Jared and back to Karl. He began to unzip his pants.

I thought about Jared again now, and our agreement. I was already keeping Leo a secret and now messing around with Karl seemed like playing with fire. I stopped kissing him and put my hands behind me. 

"You know I'm not allowed to fuck you, Jared wouldn't allow it unless he gave me permission," I said.

"I know you're a little slut and do what Jared tells you, but I won't say anything," he reasoned. 

"Nope. I can't,"

"Ahh you're a little cock tease," he said, "I'm coming to the party tonight, I'm gonna wreck that pussy."

Karl left the laundry room, adjusting his boner in his pants. 

I waited for my clothes and returned to my room, Jess was home too. 

"Eviee! Oh god sit down, I've got so much to tell you," Jess said as soon as I walked through the door. 

"Me too, but you first!" I said as I sat on the bed and started to fold my clean washing.

"So, Jared comes by looking for you, he was a bit pissed because you hadn't text him back. I said you were out and didn't know where you went - you're welcome. He said he was going to a party and I could come if I wanted. I agreed but said I was going to invite Zach too and he said that was fine. So anyway, we were all there at some random guys house, drinking, dancing, whatever. Then this freshman girl is like 'oh we should totally play spin the bottle'. Juvenile I know right?"

"Yeaah, did you?" I asked.

"Well yeah, she necked a bottle of wine and sat in the middle of the room, she was wasted. Some of the guys wanted to get under her skirt so they agreed to join in. We all decided to join in, I obviously was only doing in in an ironic way."

"Obviously," I laughed.

"So we were going around, taking it in turns and kissing each other, the more drunk we got the more people started fully making out. By this time it was just me and this freshman girl and the rest were all guys. Jared suggested we made the game more interesting; the girls take it in turns to spin the bottle then they have to let the other person do something to them, if you know what I mean."

"Yes, if it was Jared's idea then I know exactly what he had in mind! Did you do it?"

"Freshman girl was totally up for it of course and I was like, 'okay if Zach's alright with it'. Zach agreed but I could tell he was unsure. I know he's fucked about in the past but I think he actually really likes me. So freshman girl spins, lands on this guy called Ben and he goes over to her. He starts making out with her then lifts her top off so she's just sat there in her skirt and bra. So then it's my turn, I spin the bottle and it lands on... Jared."

My heart stopped for a moment, I had gone back and forth in my head that me and Jared were not a thing but I felt a little possessive of him. I was his play thing, I was his submissive, he got his kicks out of me. 

"What did you do?" I asked, hiding my concern.

"I kinda froze, I wasn't sure what he was going to do, then I thought of you, I know you and Jared are a sort of thing. He came around behind me and kissed me, which was okay as we'd already kissed - everyone kissed everyone during that game! I was wearing my slutty dress."

"You don't have any other type of clothes Jess," I interrupted, gesturing to the borrowed hot pants I was wearing.

"Yeah so I had great cleavage on the go. Jared, from behind me, squeezed my tits together giving the guys a good look."

"That's pretty tame for Jared," I observed.

"That's what I thought! Anyway, Zach wasn't happy and he pushed Jared off me. Jared was like 'what the fuck man,' and Zach was like 'Nah you ain't doing this to her like you do to Eve'. They really kicked off, Ben and the other guys had to stop them from beating the crap out of each other!"

"No way!" I said, shocked, I stopped folding clothes, "That's really nice of Zach though, he really likes you."

"I know, he really surprised me. The party was over at that point, the freshman girl went home with Ben and everyone else left."

"Men and their testosterone," I laughed. 

"So that's it, drama or what. Anyway, tell me about your night with the rich guy, Leo."

"It was just perfect Jess, he's so handsome and sexy. He took me out to dinner, we drank champagne all night and talked. I've never been anywhere so fancy!" I said, remembering all the perfect details about our date.

"And then?" she enquired, "You fucked yeah?"

"We went back to his second apartment," I emphasized, "And we couldn't keep our hands of each other. It was amazing. We even had sex this morning in the bath! He's got this power over me but he's also the sweetest guy."

"Sounds perfect," she said, "what's the catch?"

"He's married and totally detaches me from the rest of his life, which is fine, we're both just in it for the fun," I admitted. 

"I take it you've not told Jared about him?" she asked.

"No, and I'm not going to. He doesn't need to know, Leo will get bored of me soon and it will all be over."

"Keeping secrets is more fun anyway," she giggled.

"Anyway, I need to get ready. You coming to this pool party at Pete's house?" I asked.

"No, I probably shouldn't be hanging around Jared for a while," she mused, "I'll go and see Zach."

I got a text from Jared:

[Half hour, I'll be outside. J]

I searched through my wardrobe, it was late May so I hadn't gotten use out of my swimwear yet this year but at 78 degrees outside, I was more than ready for a dip in the pool. I picked out a white bikini with string ties, it was a little skimpy and didn't give my boobs full cover but hey I knew what sort of party this was going to be. I put on some denim short shorts and a white T-shirt. I hadn't had time to do my hair so I tied my long red loose curls up in cute low pigtails.

Jared arrived outside, I said bye to Jess and skipped down to Jared's car, I felt excited to see him.

"You're in a good mood," Jared said as I bounced into the car.

"I missed you sexy," I said, leaning over to kiss him.

"Have you been behaving yourself?" he asked.

"Of course, I declined Karl's attempts in the laundry room earlier," I said, "I'm a good slut."

He raised his eyebrows. 

"I bet you were being a tease though weren't you," he accused.

"Maybe," I said.

We drove to Pete's frat house and there were already a lot of people around. Jared parked the car up and we went inside to find some drinks. There were lots of guys around and a few girls, but we were outnumbered for sure. Jared placed his arm around me, he liked sharing me but he wanted people to know he was in charge of me. He usually fucked me first, marked his territory before he threw me to the wolves.

We tapped some beers from a keg and started drinking. A few guys came through the kitchen and chatted with us; Jared seemed to be very popular. After a few beers, Jared pulled me in closer at his side.

"I can see your nipples through that t-shirt," he whispered in my ear, "all they guys here wanna fuck you right now."

"Are you going to let them?" I asked.

"It depends. How bad do you want it?" he teased.

I bit my lip and moaned under my breath. I placed my hands on Jared's stomach, feeling his hard abs through his T-shirt. I ran my hands up over his chest then back down towards his pants, I loved his body; it was unreal. He grabbed my wrists to stop me unzipping his pants right there in the kitchen surrounded by other people. His hands were big, big enough to grab both of my writs with just one grip. 

"This is a pool party, we should at least get you wet," he said, leading me through the crowd to the back yard.

It was starting to get dark but the yard was lit up with lanterns, it actually looked really pretty for a frat house. The pool was lit and there was a hot-tub steaming and bubbling away. It looked very inviting. There were less people outside, a couple making out in the pool and some guys drinking their weight in cans of beer. To my delight, the hot tub was empty.

Jared let go of my wrists. I stood in front of him and seductively removed my T-shirt revealing my white bikini top struggling to cover my boobs. I turned away and started walking towards the hot tub. Jared followed me. I stood at the side of the tub and shuffled off my denim shorts and stepped in. 

The water was very warm and still, the bubbles had ceased and the steam rose slowly from the surface. I turned back to face Jared who was watching me.

"Mmmm it's wonderful, you joining me?" I invited.

"In a minuet, I'm enjoying watching you," he smiled.

I was happy to put on a show of course. I slowly eased myself into the water, allowing it to glide over my skin. I stood back up, fully aware that my white bikini becomes even less concealing when wet. My nipples became erect in the cool evening air now that my skin was wet.

Jared was enjoying the show, he took his phone out and snapped a photo of me looking wet and sexy. He took his clothes off. All of his clothes. He stepped into the hot tub with me and reached behind me to untie my bikini strings. I heard several cheers and whistles from the other guys scattered around the garden who had started to watch us. 

Jared sat down in the tub and pulled me down on top of him. His hot body looked amazing, his muscles glistened; covered in droplets of warm water. I straddled him and he pulled me down. He kissed me hard and his fingers found my clit. He began to rub me hard in circular motions. Jared was usually a straight-to-the-point kinda guy if you know what I mean but he seemed to be enjoying playing with me. 

I moaned as I kissed him, his strong hands on my clit felt so good. He pushed two fingers inside of my pussy and began to finger me. I sighed in pleasure and arched my back. My boobs were the perfect height for him and Jared flicked his tongue over one of my nipples. I loved it so I straightened my back to give him a face full. He took a nipple in his mouth and sucked and gently bit me making me squeal. 

Other people from the party were slowly edging closer to get a look at the action. Most of the guys knew about Jared and his arrangement with me and they were aware that Jared usually had his fill of me before dishing me out to them. They respected that but they still wanted a good look at what they were in for.

"Mmmm please fuck me now," I moaned, grinding on Jared's two fingers.

I knew his big cock was hard and waiting and his two fingers were teasing me. 

"Get off slut," Jared ordered.

I reluctantly dismounted. My pussy was aching for his cock now. 

"Get over there, lean over the side," he instructed, turning me away and guiding me to the side of the hot tub, "just there, good girl."

I was turned away from him and leaning over the side.

"Spread your legs," he said and pushed my hips closer to the side of the tub, "don't move."

I obeyed. He touched the control panel at the side of the tub and the bubbles began. I was positioned perfectly over one of the nozzles and a blast of air and bubbles covered my clit. It felt so good, I just needed Jared's cock in my pussy and I was ready to cum.

"Oh oh oh," I started to groan, feeling like I might cum even before Jared touched me again, "mmmmmm."

I heard laughter coming from the crowd that was gathering. 

"Look at that slut," one guy said, "I bet she does that all the time, she loves it."

"Nice one Jared," another guy said, "keep her cumming till she can't take it."

I heard Jared chuckle and I heard a 'beep' on the control panel. The bubbles intensified as he switched up the setting.

"Mmmmm mmmm, please fuck me," I moaned, throwing my head back.

I had no time to beg anymore and my orgasm took hold. I gripped the side of the tub and spread my legs even more to feel the full intensity of the bubbles. Pleasure swept through my body and for a moment I forgot where I was. I was mid-orgasm when I felt Jared's hard cock plunge into my pussy from behind. He grabbed my hips and pulled me down hard as I came over his cock under the water. 

He began to pump me hard as I held onto the side of the tub. I straightened my arms and pushed back. He thrusted fast, rocking my body and making my boobs bounce in front of me. I saw the guys watching us, checking out my tits. Jared moved fast, swirling the water over the side of the tub as he fucked me. 

The bubbles continued to stimulate my clit. Jared's cock felt good, it slid in and out of me, lubricated by my dripping pussy juices in the warm water. He thrusted harder, in shorter strokes and almost lifted me out of the tub. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," he moaned, I knew he was getting close to cumming.

He slammed his cock into my pussy and held my hips tight as he unloaded inside of me. As soon as he was done, he pulled out and moved away from me.

"All yours boys," he said as he got out of the tub.

I felt like prey as three guys approached. I didn't recognize these guys, Jared usually had the same group follow him about but there were lots of new people at this party. The first guy was gorgeous, he was really tall and had a broad frame. He was black with short black hair but had light hazel eyes. I admired these beautiful details as he got into the tub next to me. He wasted no time and disregarded his friend's eagerness to have me next, it was his turn. 

I turned around from the side to sit comfortably in the tub. I rested my arms over the sides and panted as I tried to catch my breath. He approached me confidently and towered over me, kissing me hard and pushing his tongue into my mouth forcefully. Everything about him was large, his shoulders, his muscles, his hands, his tongue inside my mouth; I couldn't wait to see what was under his shorts. He grabbed my tits, and squeezed as he kissed me. His hands worked down my body and down my back to my ass. He lifted me up easily from under the water so my boobs and stomach were peeking above the water line. My arms stayed rested over the sides behind me, helping to keep me afloat.

I wrapped my legs around 'tall-dark-and-handsome' as he removed his shorts under the water. I felt his cock released, it was hard and I could tell he was a big boy. He took his cock and rubbed it over my pussy lips.

"Mmmm I want it, please, fuck me," I begged. 

Being watched and used made me so horny. I could fuck Jared all day but being surrounded my men who wanted to fuck me lighted a fire inside of me.
