 This is the fourth chapter of a story I am writing for a follower who fantasizes about watching his wife have sex with other men. I wanted to give a little background for those who haven't read the first three chapters. Jill is in her early 30's and is a shy, modest, Asian-American woman who is petite in stature but extremely sexy. In the previous chapters she has gone from having sex with their older neighbor Frank to spending an evening with a former student Rob. In the last chapter, she had a wonderful night with Rob and his friend Ethan.

After our last tryst with Rob and his friend Ethan, Jill felt a little more confident about her body but still didn't want to make screwing other guys a regular part of our sex life. She wanted to enjoy an occasional adventure but, certainly, not as often as I would have liked. I completely understood and I had to respect her and her wishes. She told me she had no intention of fucking Ethan that night but with Rob teasing her and getting her really horny like he did, she simply got caught up in the sexual tension in the room and she didn't make a rational decision. She had some regrets, mostly disbelieving how she slutty she acted, but also admitted she enjoyed being the center of attention among the three of us men.

She was conflicted by her conservative upbringing, believing a wife should only have sex with her husband, and finding out she likes a little variety on occasion. She also liked the fact that a couple of younger guys found her attractive as well as some other men at Rob's party that evening.

I told Jill I loved her more than ever and was thrilled at how the evening played out. She looked absolutely beautiful in the dress she wore, and every guy at the party loved it too. She was a cock tease, and ended up pleasing the host and his guest in the end. I reiterated what a sexy woman she is and hoped she would finally believe me.

Jill said she knew Rob found her to be sexy or he wouldn't have been trying to get together with her again after their first encounter. That is why she was so nervous before his party, she wanted to look attractive to him and figured he would try to get her into her bed that evening. Even if it wasn't that night, he was going to try again but at some point, he would give up if he kept getting rejected. She told me she felt really sexy in the outfit she wore but was still surprised at how much the other men seemed to notice her, which added to her sensual feelings.

My wife told me, "I think some men do find me attractive but, face it, I'll never be a supermodel."

"Jill, most women aren't supermodels. Your attractiveness is in being an intelligent, beautiful, natural woman. You aren't all Botox and fake boobs. The largest part of being sexy is believing and having the confidence that you are sexy."

For once, she may be listening to me. "Maybe you're right. I did notice that the men at the party liked my outfit. I enjoyed having them tell me I looked nice too."

"I can say for a fact, there were more than Rob and Ethan that wanted to fuck you last night. I heard a couple of your students talking about you and noticed them sneaking peeks up your skirt too."

Jill giggled a bit, "Can I tell you something? I kept my legs slightly apart on purpose. I saw them looking too. Just the thought of letting them look at my legs and panties got me all wet. I kind of wish I could have shown them more."

That got my attention. My shy wife was really opening up. I was hoping it would make things easier for the next time but I still had some questions about the night before.

"Jill, about last night, what did Rob say to you out on the balcony, other than asking us to spend the night?"

"He started out by telling me how great I looked and how much he appreciated us coming to his party. We talked about the amazing view before he began telling me how he's been thinking about that night we had together. Seeing me last night, looking so good, made him think of it even more. I told him I'd been thinking about it too. That's when he asked if we wanted to spend the night. I told him I had to talk to you first but we both knew what you would say."

"What did he say about Ethan?"

"He mentioned Ethan was staying there too and I took that as a hint that he was suggesting I sleep with him too but I told Rob I wouldn't do that. But, to be honest, it did get me thinking about what it would be like sleeping with him too. He confessed the Ethan knew what happened between us, which I kind of figured but I still said 'no.' Then when you suggested that he just watch, I thought that might be interesting. I kind of felt you wanted me to do both of them but didn't want to push me into it too fast"

"Well, I have to admit, the thought did cross my mind. I mean, I was hoping you'd screw him too but it was your choice. When did you realize that you really wanted to fuck Ethan too?"

"I think it was when everyone left and it was just the four of us. I was the only woman left and there was a sexual tension in the air with the expectations of what was going to happen. When Rob started massaging my feet and removing my skirt I felt a little self-conscious but once I got used to being in just my thong and camisole, I didn't know if I could control myself. I figured it would be difficult to fuck you and him but leave Ethan out. The more Rob and I made out in front of you two, the more I wanted to please all of you. It was really erotic to be seduced while others were watching, especially you. Once I was naked in the bedroom with Rob eating my pussy, I knew I'd end up fucking Ethan too. I was so horny seeing you and Ethan watching us and seeing both of you had erections, I knew I had to have all three of you. I lost all control."

Jill then asked me what I thought about how the previous night developed. I told her, "I knew by the way you were so excited getting dressed that there was a possibility that you might end up sleeping with Rob. I, at least, knew that the subject would come up but didn't know how it would play out in a party setting. When I found out Ethan was staying with him, I figured nothing would happen. I had a strange conversation with Ethan that led me to believe he knew about your hookup with Rob so I thought they might try to get you to fuck both of them at some point."

I went on, "When I saw you talking with Rob on the balcony, I knew something was up. I figured the best way to see you with Rob again would be to suggest that Ethan only watch. You liked fucking in front of Frank, so that seemed to be the best option. I knew that things would get hotter and there was a real possibility that you'd end up fucking them both."

She then asked, "Does it bother you that they planned to try to get me to fuck both of them?"

I got a big smile on my face and replied, "No, not at all. I loved every second of it. I don't understand it but when other men find you attractive and want to have sex with you, it makes you that much more desirable to me. I have what they want. When I share you with them, I'm proud that you satisfy their desires. It's even hotter knowing that you enjoy it too."

I then asked her, "Is it something you'd want to do again?"

Jill thought for a moment before she answered. "I have to admit, it was one of the most erotic sexual adventures we've had, but, I'm don't think I want to make it a regular part of our sex lives. I mean, if the circumstances were right, like last night, I might do it again but I don't think it is something that we could plan, if you know what I mean. I think part of the thrill is that it was so spontaneous but you never know."

I, at least, knew what I was up against and there was a glimmer of hope for her to do it again. Seeing my wife fucking two men was so exciting for me. I knew my best chances of getting her to do a repeat performance was probably with Rob and Frank or with one of them and a friend. My mind started plotting for the next time but I knew I'd have to wait a while before my wife would be a willing participant again.

But hearing her tell me what was going through her mind the night before gave me a raging hard on and it got her juices flowing too. Even though we were both exhausted from the night before, we ended up in the bedroom where I made her tell me how much she enjoyed being a slut for Rob and his friend Ethan as I ate her juicy pussy. Jill told me how having two younger guys getting erections and wanting to fuck her gave her more confidence and made her feel sexier too. It made her so hot, she had to have them both. When she came, she squirted in my mouth, something she only does when she is super horny. I lapped up her cum knowing she was thinking about what she had done the night before.

After she orgasmed twice, she returned the favor and began to suck my dick. I kept telling her to pretend she was blowing Rob or Ethan which made her moan as she sucked. It made me rock hard too, feeling her lips wrapped around my erection, her tongue circling it too. I imagined her two lovers having similar feelings when she sucked their cocks last night.

I asked her to get on the bed, then I spread her legs wide, looking at her hot pussy, the pussy she gave to the guys last night. I teased her with my dick, just like Rob did and made her tell me again how she wanted to fuck and suck them again, how she needed more than two cocks to satisfy her last night. I made her beg for me to fuck her but I didn't start until she promised me she'd be a slut for me again sometime.

My dick easily slid into her hot, wet pussy. I made her call me "Rob" or "Ethan" while I pounded away at her. It was so exciting to hear her beg for another man's cock and proclaim her desire to fuck them again. I knew she was saying these things in the heat of passion but it was part of my plot to break down the barriers to get her to do it again sooner rather than later.

Images of her making out with Rob, him stripping off her clothing while Ethan and I watched filled my head as we fucked each other. Remembering how Rob ate her pussy in front of us then fucked my wife made my balls fill with sperm. Then picturing both guys filling her cunt and mouth with their dicks until they came, made me cum too. I emptied my balls into her pussy with another load of sperm. Boy, I loved my slut wife.

As with the previous times, our last adventure gave our sex life a "pick me up" for a while but it eventually settled back down once the routines of work and life brought us back to reality. Jill resisted my suggestions to invite Rob or Frank over again but she was more open to exhibiting herself.

Jill went without a bra more often, sometimes wearing something where her nipples could be seen through her top, nothing too obvious but still more adventurous than before. Even if her nipples weren't visible, they would poke through the material so it was clear she was braless. One time when we were at a local tourist clothing shop, my wife went into one of the changing rooms to try on a dress. The changing room was nothing more than a small cubicle with a curtain and she left the curtain open a little. I still don't know if it was an accident or if she did it on purpose, she would never give me a direct answer but if someone looked at the right angle they could either see her directly or see her reflection in the full length mirror. I was standing outside waiting for her and immediately noticed I could see her undressing. My instinct told me to go and close the curtain but when I saw one man do a double take and begin to browse through a rack of dresses, I knew he was watching Jill too. The pervert in me decided to leave the curtain the way it was so her voyeur could watch her change clothes.

We both watched while my wife slid off her flip flops and unzipped her shorts, pulling them off her legs, leaving her in just her tank top and thong. She then slipped off her top, revealing her 32A breasts. I was starting to get hard as I watched her take her time checking herself out in the mirror, knowing the anonymous shopper was getting the same view as me. She then slipped on the dress. It was a white linen dress that did nothing to hide her dark nipples.

When she pulled the curtain back to ask me how I like the dress, I could barely talk as my eyes fixated on her clearly visible nipples. I noticed another guy checking her out along with the first voyeur. As my eyes scanned the dress, I noticed her black thong could be seen through the material too. Heck, she might as well have come out without the dress on. She looked at herself in the three sided mirror and I could now see her ass too. The other two guys were trying to be nonchalant, but it was pretty obvious they were glancing over at her while pretending to browse.

I told my wife, "That dress looks really nice on you. You should get it."

She told me she wasn't sure and picked out another one to try on. She repeated her mini strip tease, again leaving the curtain partially open as the three of us watched. The other two guys must have known I didn't mind them voyeuring my wife as she changed because they became more obvious by their stares. Jill really played it out big time in the cubicle, bending over looking at the price tags, or hanging up the first dress real slow before taking the next one off the hanger. She kept looking in the mirror and I could tell she was making sure she still had an audience.

The next dress wasn't anything special but it was really tight and short but not see through. She did end up buying that one but not before slowly getting dressed, giving her voyeurs one last peek at her half naked body before we left.

When we got outside, I casually mentioned, "That was quite some show you put on back there."

She coyly replied, "Whatever are you talking about Kevin?"

I just said, "Oh, nothing, never mind." I decided to let her deny she did it on purpose. To be honest, it could have been an accident but I enjoyed it, as did the other two fellows, so there was no need for her to confess. She was really horny when we got home though and so was I.

A few weeks after the dressing room incident, we had some additional fun. Jill was gaining more confidence and loved the attention she knew she could attract attention with a little "accidental" exposure. I needed to have some work done on our house after a storm ripped some shingles off our roof, along with some other damage. I hired a couple of guys to do some of the repairs which weren't that extensive.

We were lounging around our pool that afternoon when Jill decided to take off her top leaving her beautiful, little 32A titties exposed. I didn't think much of it since the workers were out in the front part of our house to start. However, when they went up on our roof they had an unobstructed view of our entire yard, including my topless wife. I could hear them talking about how much work needed to be done, then silence when they spotted Jill. I was waiting for her to jump up and cover herself but she pretended to be asleep and never moved.

When they returned with the roof shingles, there was no way Jill could pretend to be sleeping when they started nailing, but she still made no attempt to cover up. She casually got up from the lounge chair and walked ever so seductively over to the pool. Her bikini bottom had ridden up between her ass cheeks revealing a good portion of her butt and she made no effort to pull it back down. The guys watched every step before she dove into the pool to cool off. I could hear them pounding nails ever so slowly as Jill splashed around in the pool and I decided to join her.

By this time, I was a little horny from watching her little display for the workers and couldn't help but play a little "grab ass" with her when I had the chance. At one point, we both stood up in the shallow end while we embraced and began to kiss. My hands covered her almost bare ass and I took this opportunity to pull her bikini bottom further between her cheeks. It was hot out and we decided to get out of the sun and I wanted to check on the work anyway. They guys had left the roof so I figured they were almost done.

They were done and I paid them in cash which they appreciated and I asked them if they wanted a beer which they quickly accepted. I told them I'd get the drinks and join them on the back patio. They didn't know what to expect when they got there but they surprised Jill, as she didn't know I invited them in. I figured I'd let them get a close up view of my wife before they left. I just assumed she would put her top back on but I was the one that was surprised when I returned with the beers only to find them casually talking to my topless wife. It was a pleasant surprise and I went with the flow.

They were appreciative of the cold beer and I'm sure they were more appreciative of my half naked wife. Jill did put on a beach cover up after a little while but it was completely transparent so she might as well have been totally topless. She must have been more comfortable with at least a little something on. They tried not to stare as they drank but I noticed they would face my wife more than me which was only natural. When they were almost done with their first beer, Jill again surprised me by asking if they wanted another which they readily accepted. Their heads turned as they watched my wife's ass swaying on her way to the kitchen. I told them I had to use the bathroom and followed Jill into the house.

I told her, "That's quite some show you are putting on out there babe."

She replied, "I hope you aren't mad."

"You know me better than that, as a matter of fact if you want to do a little more, I'm okay with it."

Jill said, "I don't want to do anything with them Kevin. Sorry to disappoint you. I only wanted to have a little fun."

I was disappointed. My mind kept picturing her fucking both workers and I knew they would be more than happy to oblige but she was only going to tease them a little more before I would fuck her by myself after they were gone. Jill seemed to love me telling her how much they enjoyed her little display and how they wanted her to suck their cocks and take turns fucking her hot pussy. We both had intense orgasms enhanced by her exhibitionism.

Her recent exhibitionist acts only drove me to want to see Jill in action with another man or men again and I had to figure out how to make it happen. I could only hope it would drive her to want the same thing. Despite my hints, she wouldn't agree on another sexual adventure.

One evening, I casually mentioned that we should invite Rob or Frank or both of them over for an evening seeing we hadn't socialized with them in a while. She knew what I was hinting at but this time she surprised me and agreed. I was shocked and almost didn't know what to say. I was even more stunned when she said that she thought Rob and Frank would get along good if they met each other. In our little code words, I suggested my wife fuck both her previous lovers and she agreed. We couldn't do it for a few weeks but I made sure to invite them in plenty of time so we could arrange our schedules.

It's kind of bizarre inviting a couple of guys over for the sole intention of fucking your wife. Rob understood immediately what I was asking but I caught Frank off guard and he didn't understand when I told him we were inviting a couple of male friends over for a few drinks and maybe more. He told me he wasn't sure he could make it. He looked confused when I said it again and stressed the "more" part.

Frank asked for further clarification, "Do you mean, uh, you know, like what we did on my birthday?"

I could understand Frank's not comprehending the invitation seeing Jill was reluctant to get too involved with our neighbor on a regular basis so I had to be more explicit. "Yes Frank but this time there will be another guy there. You know, someone else she's been with."
