 I can't even remember what the movie was called.

Cherie was studying script writing and was working on an action movie, so she insisted we watch it. Kelly and I had nothing better to do and accepted her invite out for an evening of cheesy cinema and crappy food.

Of course, we had forgotten how disorganised Cherie was yet again. She wasn't ready when we arrived and we dithered while she tried desperately to find her second boot, then searched for chopsticks to put up her long red hair.

I actually quite liked her hair up as she revealed her smooth white neck that blushed with just a hint of colour when she was excited. She remembered her thin framed glasses that gave her round face that very cute secretary look. This was furthered by her thin white blouse that hugged her large breasts just a little too inappropriately and through which could just be distinguished her lacy blue bra. Her tartan skirt was well above her knee but covered her shapely arse well enough and I found myself wishing I could see if her panties matched her bra.

"Hurry up woman," I mock commanded, playfully slapping her arse as she flustered past me.

She stopped and turned to glare at me.

"I beg your pardon, Mr Sexist Prick!"

Kelly stepped up behind her and slapped her on the arse while she was distracted.

"Hurry up woman," repeated my gorgeous wife grinning from ear to ear.

Cherie's neck flushed ever so slightly and she screwed her cute face up at me.

"You're lucky we're in a rush."

Kelly slapped her on the arse again.

"Flanking bonus," Kelly exclaimed and I burst into laughter.

Cherie rolled her eyes and stepped past me to find her purse. Still shaking with laughter, I pulled Kelly to me and hugged her tightly. Apart from her quick mind and sharp (if somewhat geeky) wit, I loved the feel of her delicious curves against my tall frame. She was wearing her denim skirt which came down almost to her knee, and a low cut top of soft pink cotton that revealed just enough of her ample cleavage to make you realise there was plenty more. She turned her heart shaped face up towards me and I leaned down and brushed my lips against hers while sliding my hands over her sweet arse and kneading it. She closed her big brown eyes and moaned then gripped my wide shoulders and slipped her tongue into my mouth. I kissed her harder and slid one hand up her back to stroke her long brown hair while my other hand shifted to the small of her back. Then suddenly she yelped and pulled back as Cherie slapped her arse.

"Are we going?" Cherie grinned slyly.

"Careful, she likes that," I told Cherie.

"Hey," Kelly exclaimed indignantly.

"Too much information," Cherie responded as we made our way out to the car.

* * *

By the time we had parked and bought tickets, the movie theatre was dark and the movie had already started. On the bright side, we missed the ads. As we entered, I stopped to let my eyes adjust to the darkness and searched for 3 consecutive seats.

Kelly found them first, darted up the aisle and turned left into a row of seats with Cherie close behind. I followed and was put out when Cherie sat down next to Kelly leaving me the seat next to her. I had been hoping to sit between the two girls but figured I was being silly and sat next to Cherie. After all, it wasn't like anything was going to happen.

Still, to make my point I stretched my arm across Cherie and rested my hand on Kelly's knee. Kelly looked at Cherie who looked at me.

"How am I supposed to see with your shoulder in my face?" Cherie mumbled into my shoulder.

Kelly squeezed my hand so I slid my hand from her knee, took her hand and sat back holding Kelly's hand across Cherie's lap.

"Better," smiled Cherie and that was that.

And so I found the back of my hand resting on the rough fabric of the hem of Cherie's skirt, my knuckles against the satiny smooth skin of her thigh and my thumb stroking the downy back of my wife's delicate hand. Likewise, I could feel Kelly's thumb occasionally stroking up and down my knuckles.

I smiled to myself and tried to turn my attention to the movie but I was very aware of Kelly's thumb stroking the back of my fingers. I felt slightly put out when Kelly's thumb lifted the back of my fingers away from Cherie's thigh until I realised Kelly's thumb was stroking Cherie's thigh as well as my fingers. My cock sprang to painful attention and my hand become hot and sweaty.

I released Kelly's hand and turned my hand over, brushing Kelly's hand with the back of my own while my fingers brushed Cherie's thigh. Cherie shifted slightly and I let my hand move onto the bare skin of her knee.

I squeezed her knee and meeting no resistance I began to stroke up her thigh. I could just make out Kelly's fingers doing something similar to Cherie's other leg, so I began to stroke further up Cherie's inner thigh, pushing her skirt up as I did so.

Cherie continued staring straight at the movie with a smirk playing across her lips. I slid my fingers higher and brushed against her panty covered pussy. There was no reaction but I was sure she felt damp.

I slid my fingers down and up her soft inner thigh again and returned to her pussy to find Kelly's fingers already there pressing into Cherie's crotch. I stroked the back of Kelly's fingers and she pulled them away. I was confused until she worked her fingers under Cherie's panties and began to slide them about her cunt. I thought Kelly was rushing, but Cherie continued staring at the screen and spread her legs a little wider.

I figured I'd be helpful, hooked my fingers under Cherie's panties and held them aside to give Kelly's hand better access. I felt the soft hairs of Cherie's cunt tickle my fingers and I felt Kelly's fingers slide into Cherie who let out a loud moan that could barely be heard above the on-screen gunfire.

Cherie sighed as Kelly withdrew her fingers and started to pump her cunt. I slid my thumb inside Cherie's panties to keep exposing her cunt to my wife's ministrations then I stroked Kelly's slick fingers with my fore and middle fingers, smearing them in Cherie's sticky juices. Using my wrist to keep Cherie's panties pulled aside I slid my middle finger along her pussy until I reached her clit. I set about stroking her clit while Kelly pumped, I think it was two, fingers in and out of her.

I glanced at Cherie's face and while she was still facing the screen, her eyes were half closed and she was still smirking. I timed the stroking of Cherie's clit with Kelly's fingers pumping her cunt. The angle must have been awkward for Kelly using her left hand, as she occasionally stopped and adjusted her position. But together we worked out a rhythm and I felt Cherie begin to wriggle and stiffen against our hands.

Kelly and I increased our pace and Cherie slid down in her chair a few centimetres, spread her legs wider and leaned into me. Her eyes were tightly closed and she was starting to pant. I applied a touch more pressure to her clit and she moaned, shuddered and came over Kelly's fingers.

I wondered if she would come again and applied a touch more pressure, but it must have been too much for her as she pushed my hand away and tried to sit up. No one seemed to have noticed over the noise of cars and explosions coming from the big screen. I smiled and placed my fingers in my mouth, tasting Cherie all over them. She was tart and sweet and I decided I'd have to eat her out.

I glanced across and almost came when I realised Cherie was licking her own juices from Kelly's fingers. Then she leaned in to Kelly and kissed her. Their tongues shared the taste of Cherie's pussy and Cherie's hand wandered between Kelly's legs. But Kelly pushed the hand away and whispered something into Cherie's ear and they both stood up and shuffled past me.

I looked nervously at the crowd around us; most were engrossed in the movie, but a few were annoyed at the girls getting up and moving around.

"Hurry up," Kelly urgently whispered to me.

I was sporting a huge erection and the last thing I wanted to do was stand up.

"Why?" I asked dumbly.

"You're taking us home," whispered Kelly and shuffled off.

I was out of there in a flash.

* * *

The drive home was painfully long and I'm pretty sure I ran a red light.

Kelly and Cherie were in the back of the car, kissing, fondling and groaning like a pair of teenagers on their first date while I tried to watch as much as I could in the rear view mirror. While their tongues played with each other, Cherie started lifting the hem of Kelly's shirt and slid a hand underneath. Kelly groaned into Cherie's mouth as Cherie squeezed Kelly's nipple.

I barely braked in time to avoid ramming the car that stopped in front of us. When my eyes returned, Cherie had pushed Kelly's bra and shirt up and was sucking on one stiff puckered nipple while fondling the other. Kelly was stroking Cherie's hair and watching her feast. She flashed me a wicked grin when she saw me in the mirror, then tilted her head forward and licked Cherie gently along her cheek.

That may have been when I ran the red.

* * *

I parked the car under our house and stumbled to get out, my cock pressing painfully against my pants. I wondered why Cherie and my pretty but devious wife also hadn't rushed out and remembered that Kelly's shirt was mostly off. I peered inside and they hadn't moved.

Large breasts exposed, Kelly was kissing Cherie passionately while Cherie's hand moved awkwardly beneath Kelly's denim skirt fingering her dripping cunt.

I opened the car door and they paused and looked at me dazed. I climbed in and fastened myself to my wife's unattended nipple and she moaned and pulled Cherie's mouth to hers again. I could tell Kelly was getting close to orgasm. She wrapped her fingers in my hair and pushed her breast into my mouth while writhing her cunt against Cherie's fingers. She held the back of Cherie's head and their tongues danced.

I bit her nipple and with a grunt and a groan my sexy wife came hard on Cherie's fingers buried deep in her cunt. She fell back moaning and exhausted and Cherie pulled her hand from under Kelly's skirt and tasted the juices on her fingers. I took her hand, licked her fingers clean and then kissed her for the first time.

Cherie's tongue was small and hard but moved quickly and deftly and, as we shared Kelly's sweet sticky cum, I could only imagine how good that tongue might feel for Kelly against her clit. Maybe Kelly was imagining that too.

"C'mon," she said. "Let's go upstairs." She struggled out from between Cherie and I, forcing us to break our kiss and follow.

* * *

We traipsed upstairs, hands stroking and touching each other all the way. Kelly led us down the hallway to the bedroom and fell back on the bed spreading her legs as she did so to reveal her hairy cunt wet with strings of cum. 

Where were her panties? She lifted her shirt and bra completely over her head and tossed them aside. Subtle. Still, I wasn't going to complain and dropped my pants, finally freeing my long, hard cock which sprang to attention. 

However, as I stepped out of my pants, Cherie merely dropped to her knees between Kelly's thighs and started licking. Kelly giggled at my predicament and reached out a hand towards me. I took her hand and she pulled me closer and positioned me so I was kneeling beside her head. She then shifted her face down to take my cock in her mouth and started pinching her own nipples. I groaned in bliss and Kelly mmmed appreciatively as I slid my cock down her throat.

At the sound of our whimpers Cherie looked up from between Kelly's thighs, her face slick with my wife's juices, and grinned. I was already close but the sight down my wife's sweet body, from her lips wrapped around the base of my shaft past her large breasts being squeezed to Cherie's innocent blue eyes gazing at me over my wife's well tongued pussy, sent me over the edge.

Kelly sensed me coming too late and as she pulled my cock from her mouth cum spurted over her pretty lips and chin. She directed my cock over her tits and my next spurt of cum exploded across the valley of her breasts and dripped over a nipple. As I silently screamed in ecstasy more cum dribbled down her neck and she just had time to rub the last of the slickness from my cock against her cheek with a wicked grin before I collapsed on the bed upside down beside her.

Cherie bent over Kelly's leg and kissed me, letting me taste my wife's cunt on her lips. Then she kissed her way up my wife's stomach, slowly licking my cum from Kelly's tits and nuzzled her wet cheek. Kelly turned her head and opened her mouth and met Cherie's tongue with her own and the two girls kissed passionately while sharing my cum.

As they did Kelly slipped a finger between the folds of her cunt and started masturbating. With myself and Cherie there I wasn't going to let her service herself, so I batted her hand away and inserted my own fingers into her juicy cunt. She immediately started humping my hand and I slid a third finger inside her.

Still kissing my wife, Cherie slid her round arse above me and raised her skirt to reveal her panties also missing and a lightly furred pussy glistening with wetness. Before I could comment, she lowered her cunt to my face. I felt the soft hairs of her cunt tickle my nose, the sweet tart smell from earlier engulfed my senses and with little ado I stuck my tongue inside her cunt and started lapping at her juices. Cherie was dryer than Kelly but still slid easily across my tongue and she immediately started wriggling on my face.

Kelly squirmed on my fingers and they both giggled and sighed and moaned. I assumed they were still kissing and could only imagine the sweet sight it must have made. I ran my other hand over Cherie's arse and waist to feel her clothes being tugged off by Kelly. I traced over Cherie's smooth skin and stroked around her breast which was already having a nipple pinched and squeezed by Kelly's hand.

I felt Kelly slide off my fingers and not being able to see where she was I reached my sticky fingers up to fondle Cherie's other breast too while still licking away at her gorgeous cunt.

I felt Kelly move and a tongue lapped at my cum covered fingers and Cherie's nipple, then my hand was pulled away and two mouths started sucking my fingers clean. Cherie started pressing her cunt harder onto my face and wriggled and I tried to push my tongue deeper inside her while the two tongues around my fingers started sliding more over each other than my now clean hand. I was able to reach forward with that hand and now squeeze Kelly's large soft familiar tit which contrasted nicely with Cherie's smaller rounder breast and harder firmer nipple.

I barely had time to wish I could see Cherie's tits when I felt Kelly pull away and shuffle around and suddenly I felt her mouth engulf my cock once more. If I hadn't been fully hard again before, I certainly was now. It was almost painful when Cherie leaned forward and I felt Kelly push my iron hard cock into her friend's mouth.

I moaned in pleasure into Cherie's cunt and she rewarded me by sliding her cunt harder against my face and almost swallowing my entire cock. This must have turned into some sort of competition between the girls because next thing I knew, they were taking it in turns to deep throat my cock. If I hadn't have come so recently I certainly would have blown another load right then.

Instead, I focused on pleasuring Cherie with my tongue. I licked along the insides of her fat juicy lips and plunged my tongue into her hole before sliding over her clit and lapping with increasing pressure. It seemed to work as she rubbed her cunt harder against my face and slid back to give me better access to her clit while the mouth that stayed on my cock felt like Kelly's more often than not.

Then Kelly stopped and I felt her climb off my legs and the mattress either side of my thighs dipped. Cherie leaned slightly forward and I heard the girls sigh as they kissed some more. The hand that grabbed my cock was larger than Kelly's and as I felt my wife's wetness against my sensitive foreskin, I realised Cherie was guiding my cock into Kelly's sweet pussy.

As Kelly lowered herself onto me I felt Cherie's hand begin working between Kelly's thighs, no doubt strumming her clit as I started pumping into her. In return, I felt Kelly's fingers dip into my mouth, then start working on Cherie's clit beside my tongue.

"That feels so good," Cherie moaned. "You have amazing tits."

"Suck them," was Kelly's response.

I felt Cherie lean forward and Kelly started moaning again.

Despite my blocked vision with Cherie's sweet arse I was so turned on I started hammering my wife's cunt from beneath, while still trying to get my tongue in Cherie's hole occasionally. Kelly was pushing back against me, writhing on my cock harder and harder. She was obviously getting very close when I heard her instruct Cherie, "Bite it!" A moment later she gasped and came against me while Cherie ravished her body.

I slowed my thrusts and Kelly weakly muttered, "Stop!" before Cherie covered Kelly's mouth with her own. With Kelly too weak to resist and her mouth full of Cherie's tongue, I only slowed for a while before picking up the pace again.

I felt Cherie rub her fingers against my slick shaft then move them back to Kelly's clit and we returned to attacking my wife's sweet cunt. Kelly moaned and writhed atop me, pressed Cherie's fingers harder against her clit, groaned and grunted against Cherie's kisses and soon orgasmed again. Her cunt gripped my cock like a vice as she rocked against me and I heard her muffled squeals into Cherie's mouth. After what seemed an eternity, she slumped and this time, she rolled off me.

I was hoping to feel Cherie's warm mouth on my cock again, but instead she lifted herself from my face.

Now I could see Kelly lying beside me, her face and neck flushed red from her exertions and a contented grin from ear to ear. She shuffled over and I thought she'd kiss me but instead she started licking Cherie's juices from my face and chin.

I could also see Cherie on her thick knees with her wide thighs leading to her full round arse. Her sweet furry pussy revealed her to be a natural red head. Her large breasts swayed above her narrow waist as she lifted herself and lowered herself onto my cock with a grunt of satisfaction.

"Fuck her," Kelly whispered to me.

I kissed Kelly and tasted Cherie's juices on her lips and tongue while I thrust upwards into Cherie's willing cunt.

With a grunt and a sigh Cherie rolled her head back and started bouncing on my cock while Kelly and I exchanged kisses and fondled Cherie's tits.

I was in heaven. As Kelly whispered dirty encouragements into my ear about how good Cherie looked speared on my cock and how I needed to fill her cunt with my cum, I really couldn't last much longer.

Cherie whimpered she was about to come also and Kelly took Cherie's hand and placed it on her breast while lowering her other breast into my mouth.

With a free hand I found and pinched Cherie's nipple, her cunt squeezed around my hard cock and we both came in a flood of juices and cries and moans. Kelly watched as Cherie's face screwed up in intense pleasure while I pummelled her cunt with a last few savage thrusts before crying out in ecstasy and falling back in sweet release.

Exhausted, Cherie collapsed on my chest while my cock softened and dribbled inside her. Kelly pulled her breast from my mouth and slid down to kiss me at the same time as Cherie lifted her red, panting face to mine. I put an arm around each girl and the three of us kissed, our tongues and lips playing over each others mouths and cheeks.

"Mmm, movie and sex," sighed Cherie reaching out to hold Kelly's hand while gently squeezing the last of my cum from my cock with her pussy. "You guys didn't even buy me dinner."
