 Tatiana and Ken, my employers, had invited me to their antebellum mansion for the afternoon. I really liked the couple; both middle-aged, really a bit too young to be my parents as I was 22, but I felt that they had taken me under their wing and I was grateful for their help and encouragement. 

Today was Saturday and our day off from the IT company they had founded and Tatiana had asked me if I would like to come to their house for dinner and mentioned that she had some clothes she couldn't wear any more but might fit me. 

If so, she said, I was welcome to try them on and take whatever I liked.  I was happy about this, as Tatiana dressed very well and we had similar taste. 

As I pulled up to the wrought iron gate at the front of the mansion I once again admired the beautiful home. 

A stately three story brick with a traditional wide colonnaded front porch sat on the hill flanked by two ancient oak trees and bordered by large perennial and rose gardens. What a life it must be live like this, I thought to myself as I drove up the gently curving brick paved drive. 

I parked and approached the front doors and rang the bell. Melodious chimes rang within the walls and soon Ken opened the door, pushing back 2 barking dogs as he ushered me in. 

A ruggedly handsome man, Ken had made his fortune in the Silicon Valley and then moved back to Kentucky to a quieter life with his wife Tatiana, a Romanian woman he had met in California. 

He was extremely intelligent and seemed to love life with a zest unusual for a man half his age. 

"Come in, come in! We're so happy you could come tonight. I'm the chief cook tonight. Steak is about all I know how to cook, so you'll have to be happy with that. You girls can play dress up in the master suite and I'll call you when dinner is served. Can I get you a drink?" he asked.

"Sure, if you have a chardonnay that would be great," I answered and after he brought me my glass I heard Tatiana call out from an upstairs bedroom.

"Darling, I am up here. Run on up, won't you?" called Tatiana's Slavic-accented voice from above the grand winding staircase. 

I began up the stairs from the foyer to the open second floor, my heels lightly tapping the polished wooden steps. I entered the large, lavish master suite and found Tatiana there. 

The room was covered in a luxurious silk in a delft blue and the massive king-sized bed with a dramatic white net canopy dominated the room. 

Tatiana enthusiastically embraced me and kissed my cheek in greeting. She was a beautiful exotic looking woman in her early fifties at most. 

She was quite voluptuous, with auburn hair and regal features. She always was dressed impeccably and I was eager to get her hand-me-downs. 

"Thank you so much for having me out tonight and for letting me take a look at these clothes," I said as she began to sort through a piled heap of garments.

"Well, I was once as small as you, but I have decided that I probably will never be so petite again, so you are welcome to anything here you want, " she answered waving her hand graciously. 

"You start trying on and I will be your fashion critic."

I tried on what seemed like dozens of outfits and modeled them for Tatiana, both of us giggling and having a wonderful time. I finally came to the bottom of the pile of clothing and the last item left was a swimsuit.

Tatiana exclaimed, "You will look simply marvelous in that, you must try it."

I began to comply but she interrupted me saying, "No dear, you must take off your bra and panties to see how it really fits." 

Without much hesitation, as we were close friends, I removed my black lace panties and black bra and slipped into the swimsuit, turning to face Tatiana for her opinion. 

"Yes, yes, that is you, but let me adjust it some." 

Tatiana came toward me and tightened the straps of the suit and then reaching down to my inner thigh she tugged the suit down. As she did, her fingers brushed my labia accidentally, or so I thought at first. 

Tatiana looked at me questioningly and smiled coyly. 

"Maybe you would like me to adjust more?" 

I blushed at her question but she playfully pulled at the top of the suit and let her thumbs rub my nipples through the thin material. Uncontrollably, they became erect and my face became deep pink.  

"My little girl likes this, I think? Let's get you undressed and see what more you like." 

She gently pulled the straps down off my shoulders down the rest of the way off my body. With this my nipples swelled even more and she stooped down, licking first one and then the other and then began to suckle them until I moaned. 

She arose from my soft flesh and delicately parted my thick pussy lips, rubbing my clit lightly as she gave me my first ever tongue kiss from a woman.

"Yes, the little girl likes this very much," she murmured. "You are already very wet down there."

To my surprise at this moment Ken walked into the room. But astonishingly he did not appear surprised at all, just smiled broadly and looked at my naked aroused body.

"I see you two have been enjoying yourself. Laura, I want you to know that Tatiana and I love each other very much. But we care about you and we have both wanted you for quite some time. You are so sweet and sexy. I was wondering if you would be willing to fuck me and let Tatiana watch," said Ken in a low husky voice as he moved towards me. 

I was excited beyond belief at the newness of all this. As Ken pulled me towards him and I smelled his maleness, I opened my mouth for his searching tongue. 

He pulled my nude body up against his, pressing his impressive bulge against my smoothly shaven mound. He finally released me and led me to the richly covered bed, raising the net canopy for me and motioned for me to lie down.  

I watched, hypnotized as he undressed, releasing his engorged nine-inch cock. I was so aroused I became almost unaware of his wife still being in the room, although out of the corner of my eye I knew she had completely disrobed by this point and was reclining back in on a chaise lounge, rubbing her massive tits as she watched us. 

Now fully unclothed, Ken entered under the misty canopy and began suckling my dark nipples, tugging and biting them playfully, making me moan in a low voice. 

He expertly began to stroke my wet cunt and clit and I could feel my clit swell to what felt like enormous proportions. 

Kissing me deeply, he then rose up and straddling my body, pressed his red hardened dick to my mouth, pushing it deep into my throat. Tears came to my eyes as I tried to accept his length.

Tatiana came over to sit at the edge of the bed herself, watching her husband forcing his cock on me. Her fingers were a blur on her clitoris as she raised up one leg resting her foot on the bed. 

He finally relented his choking thrusts into my mouth and mounted me to fuck, spreading and raising my legs. 

I felt the painful invasion of his thick, long meat into my soft moist flesh and cried out as he brutally forced his way into me. Pain gave way to pleasure as he began to solidly thrust into me again and again, Tatiana looking on. 

I could see her touching her own cunt as we fucked, licking pussy juice off of her own fingers and pinching a nipple with her other hand. 

Ken continued to spread me even further and my pussy juice washed over him in waves as I experienced the first orgasm of the evening. I was bucking shamelessly against him and moaning loudly as I came, not caring that his wife saw him using me. 

I could feel his massive size begin to swell even larger and as I knew he was about to cum, I squeezed my cunt tightly around him as he unloaded streams and streams of his juice into my hot little hole. He cried out as did Tatiana and then he slowly relaxed on top of me.  

After a few seconds, he rolled off of me, his now deflating cock dripping cum off of the head. 

Tatiana walked on her knees over to him and began cleaning his cock with her tongue, her fat tits swaying as she bent down to reach him. I caught sight of her pussy, covered with red hair, but open and glistening with wetness. 

After she was satisfied that there was no more semen left on her husband, Tatiana crawled over to my still spread open legs. 

She began inspecting my swollen slit and I started to raise up in surprise, but Ken whispered in my ear, "You must let Tatiana do this. This is what she really enjoys, eating cum from a freshly fucked woman. It will really give her great pleasure if you will allow her to do it."

I relaxed a little, but still was a little apprehensive. Tatiana spread my swollen lips and I could feel her husband's hot juice running from me. 

She gave a pleased sigh as she dove her head down and began licking cum and pussy juice off my mound and lips. 

Involuntarily I spread and drew back my legs and she moaned as I accepted her cleansing tongue to my crotch. She thoroughly cleaned up everything outside and then I felt her begin to lap the cum and pussy juice as it ran out of my hole. 

When the constant stream slowed, she began slipping her tongue deep into me and gave me a tongue fucking that caused me to scream out in pleasure repeatedly as her husband watched us, his cock growing stiff again by the second. 

Tatiana's ass was raised in the air invitingly, so Ken took the opportunity to mount her doggy style. 

He gave her strong rhythmic thrusts as she devoured my creampie, both of us in ectasy as he raped her, her large white butt slapping against him and my cries of pleasure growing louder as she enjoyed her husband's semen mixed with my juices. 

Finally Ken could hold back no more and he made a fresh deposit into Tatiana's large puss and fell back onto the bed exhausted. 

Tatiana released her mouth finally from my used body and she crawled up to lie between me and her husband, satiated and exhausted. She rolled towards me, kissing me with a mouthful of cum and pussy juice. 

I rubbed my thigh between her legs, feeling the soft red pussy hair and the hot sticky man cum now dripping from her. 

As we all fell asleep in the bed together, I thought about how maybe next time I would surprise her by coming to see her after I had been fucked by my boyfriend and let her see if she liked the taste of his cum running from my hot used hole. 

As I watched her sleep with dried cum on her face, I knew she would find it to be quite delicious.