 "Ya know, Pops, you can lean on Jessie a little bit more. Pregnant women aren't made out of glass." Missy swatted my hand lightly to get my attention rather than nudge me in the ribs since she knew I was still very tender and weak. I groaned and kept moving my feet. It's hell being a cripple, even when it isn't forever.

The girls were helping me from the van to the house on a clear April day. The past year made me feel a thousand years older, but it was my own damn fault. Went to a homecoming party on an October Friday Night with my old High School buds and had a bit too many Buds to drink. On the way home I ended up in a ditch and damn near died. Didn't have any clear memories until the day before Thanksgiving when they pulled the breathing tube out of my throat, and it was after Super Bowl Sunday before I was free from tubes, wiring and steel rods. "Yeah, Mr. Anderson, I can take some more," Jessie cooed in my ear, bringing me back to the present. "You can trust me. We're gonna take care of you."

Jessie was tall enough to be completely under my armpit on the right side: I was trying to put that weight on my cane, but she was wriggling in. Missy was under my left and I was leaning on her very heavily to spare Jessie, who was due any day with her first baby.  We managed to get up the front steps and in the door without misadventure, and she guided me to my bedroom, where I found they'd replaced my bed with a hospital bed. "What the heck. . .?"

"Now, Pops, you know this is the price of coming home early. Between that damn hospital almost killing you a couple of times and the rehab center screwing up your meds, I'm ready to set the world on fire." Missy's tone was one I knew not to argue with. "Since Jesse's Aunt Goonie is able to stay with us, I knew this would be the best place for you. So we needed the hospital bed. We're going to take care of you, Poppa, and get you well. This Little Man who's coming soon's gonna need a Big Man around."

I winced, because sitting down on the bed was far more painful than it needed to be. "Aunt Goonie? What kind of name is that?"

"Swedish," Jessie said. Her azure blue eyes were dancing and her face was aglow. Her dark skinned body was a little heavier than nine months ago in general, but her huge stomach meant the baby would be a monster when he came out. "Her name is Gunhild, but we've always called her Goonie."

"I didn't know your family was from Sweden." With a grimace and another groan I settled back onto the bed, which could have been softer.

"Uff Da, sure. We're lucky she had some free time coming, and she wanted to be here when the baby was born. So now we got two reasons for her to stay."

"What was your mother's name?"

"Signhild."

"Nice. So you got a Viking to take care of me."

"It'd take a Viking to get you to behave," Missy fumed. She helped me swing my legs up so I could lie down properly and I settled into a position that wasn't too bad. There were clouds on the horizon, and some new metalware making a permanent home in my body was telling me it would rain soon. Jessie sat at the foot of the bed, turning to look at me over her soft shoulder with a broad smile on her face, but Missy glowered over me like a protective mother hen. I noticed she'd lost a little weight and hoped it wasn't worry that did it. They told me it was a month before they were sure I would live.

Jessie's hand touched my leg like a feather. "Aunt Goonie's a nurse practitioner on leave from the Peace Corps, and she's seen a little bit of everything. We got a program to rehabilitate you: two more months and you should be out in the shed on Saturdays again. You got enough time off from your job to wait until the end of the year to go back to work."

"In the meantime, Randy Tovey's going haul that health care system through the wringer for screwing you up," Missy continued. I started to talk, but she put her hand over my mouth. "I know you: you don't want to make a big deal of this, get everybody in town talking. Not with a pair of lesbians and a new baby in the house. You don't want to settle your problems in court. The world's changing, Pops, get used to it. Everybody who thinks you're awful for keeping me around is already ignoring and bad mouthing you, and everybody who talks to you has always been your real friend. You shoulda seen how many people were hanging around the hospital. . .but enough of that. You're going to sleep and when Aunt Goonie gets back from the grocery store, she's gonna check you over. So sleep."

"One question first?"

"Yes?"

I winced as I shifted and touched Jessie's shoulder. "How soon's the baby due?"

She smiled and kissed my hand. "Yesterday. I was ready two weeks ago."

"Just like Missy. She was a coupla weeks late. At least, we're a consistent family."

Missy gave me a gentle swat and I dozed. I found out Easter was two weeks ago, and Spring had jumped straight into Summer for a week or so. My consciousness had flipped on and off rather randomly for quite a while, so it wasn't hard to zone out after the exertion of leaving the rehab center. Seemed like they used a whole tree to make the paperwork I had to sign to get out of the damn place.  

My dreams were strange, as they had been since the accident. Narcotics will do that to you, I guess. I dreamed I was naked and a dragon was licking me from head to toe, until a calm voice somewhere told me I was getting a sponge bath. I was used to that, so I let myself be cleaned up until I noticed someone was paying a lot of attention to my cock and balls. Shouldn't take that long to get them clean, especially since I hadn't been able to use them much. I opened my eyes and saw a tall, blond standing over me, built like a linebacker with huge tits, her long hair in a a ponytail, with blue eyes that were copies of Jessie's. She wore a plain white dress that went down a couple inches below her crotch. "Hi," I said, my voice cracking.

"Hi yourself, Mr. Anderson. I'm Gunhild Stigerson: you can call me Goonie like Jessie does. How are you feeling?" Her voice had the eerie perfection of a second language someone's spent a lifetime using.

"Not bad. You?"

"Oh, I'm fine. It's a little warm, but after equatorial Africa it's positively delightful. Sorry we didn't get to meet under more pleasant circumstances."

"I dunno. Never met anyone while they were stroking my cock before."

"Well, this is important to assessing your health, Mr. Anderson. I've read your file, and you got a very bad infection from the catheters they were using. Need to be sure everything's in good working order." She continued a gentle up and down motion, her touch gentle, and she ran her fingertips over the bulb at the end, making me shudder. "So far it seems to be coming back to life."

"Yes, I'd say so. I'll give ya a year or two to stop that."

She chuckled and bent over. Her face was rather plain, and she wore no makeup. I tried to guess her age and came up with mid 30s, but I knew I could be very wrong. Her hand reached down and she found the perfect spot under my balls to send a tingling up my spine. My cock remembered what its job was and danced for her. "I think we need to relieve you from this tension. Just relax, I'm a professional."

Her lips pursed and a long stream of saliva feel down on my flesh; she brought her right hand up to lubricate my penis while her left hand played with my balls. The look on her face was fairly calm, but the corners of her mouth hinted at a smile and her eyes twinkled. She spat on my cock again, leaning down so I could feel her breath. Boy, was I glad my reproductive tract was healed up.

There were a few other noises in the house: I could tell someone was watching TV in the living room, and some smells were telling my stomach dinner was on the way. My libido slapped down my growling stomach and enjoyed the attention like a puppy enjoying its new master. I could see she was standing on one leg, rubbing her thighs together with her right calf bent back. "Is there anything I can do for you?" I asked.

She thought for a moment, and leaned down to whisper. "I'd love to sit on this beautiful penis. Haven't had one like this for a long time. Had to live like a nun in Africa. May I?" I nodded, and she almost jumped for joy. "You just stay still, Mr. Anderson, I'll do all the work. Conserve your strength."

Pulling up her skirt over her hips, I saw she wasn't wearing panties. Maybe she'd talked to the girls before she came over; Jessie said she was surprised when she first found out her aunt would be coming. Her mound was uncultivated, wild like the wilderness, golden like a field of wheat, luxurious. She had to stand up a little as she threw her leg over me, raising high to position herself, before settling down on my pecker in several movements, taking me in a little at a time. "I haven't been that full in a long time," she murmured. "I see what Jessie likes about you."

I figured I could ask a sensitive question: "How old are you?"

"Forty two."

"You don't look it." I would have said that even if she looked ancient, but she looked ten years younger. Her hips started to grind on my pelvis and her cunt gripped my dick with relentless softness. It was a few moments before she started moving her hips, her body pressed against mine, and soon she was making the bed squeak a little bit.

I was getting close when there was a knock on my door. "Pops, you ready for dinner?"

At the sound of Missy's voice, Gunhild rolled off me, pulled the blanket up, and slipped out the open window. I didn't realize it was open until she escaped that way: guess I was distracted. There was a fan in the corner moving the air around; the house is air conditioned, but we never turned it on before we had to, and the smell of Spring air is something I've always admired. "Come in, Missy," I said.

She came in, her long dark hair framing her face, her white skin glistening in the pink halter top she'd changed into. Her almond eyes questioned me as she sniffed the air, then settled back. It was like my dear late wife Gladdie walked into my room when I was sick. "How you doing, Princess?" I murmured

"Okay, just wanted to see if you're ready to eat."

"Yeah, baby. Bring it when you want."

She looked around quizzically and sniffed the air. "Pops, wasn't Aunt Goonie just in here?"

"Yes. I think I dozed off a minute; she must have left."

"She was going to give you a sponge bath." Her eyes went to my lower half, and she noticed my staff was still at attention. Her eyebrows gave me a dubious look; she crossed her arms and started patting her bare foot on the floor. 

I was in trouble, and I needed to face the music: "Okay, she was sitting on my cock. I woke up when she was drying my dick and she didn't stop. Said she had to see if I'd recovered there. One thing led to another. Not like I had much control over it." 

A little chuckle escaped her lips, and she shook her head. "No, I don't imagine you were in a position to say no. Like you would." She batted my cock softly and it bounced a little.

I lifted my palms. "I'm a guy, Princess."

She pulled the sheets back. "I don't blame her, Pops, just wish she'd waited a little longer. It was all I could do to keep Jessie from coming in here to molest you."

I looked away for a moment, and saw the clock: 5:15. It was still light outside and I could hear my neighbor moving his grass. Missy sat on the edge of my bed and put her hand on my stomach. "Well, I better finish what she started, if you're going to be able to enjoy your dinner. Those Sigerson women are almost succubi, they're so horny. We'll have to pace ourselves if we're not going to wear you out too soon."

She bent over the bed and took the end of my cock between her lips. It was a fantasy of mine that her mother, Gladys, would suck me off, but Gladdie always refused that. Jessie had gotten Missy into cocksucking during our sex sessions before the accident, but this was the first time she'd ever done it with her hands free and unblindfolded. Her tongue was all over the bulb even though it almost filled her mouth. I touched the side of her head and stroked her hair. "Stroke my balls while you do that, please baby."

Her fingers moved down and found my nutsack a little damp from Gunhild's juices. So my lesbian daughter licked her way down the shaft and slurped all the cunt liquid from my testicles, which almost made me spurt then and there. When she moved back up and started swallowing my shaft, I couldn't wait any longer. My cock pulsed again and again, like the first time I ever came. I thought it would last forever: I'd died and gone to heaven. My little girl drank every drop.

She helped me into the dining room, when we were done, a sly smile on her face. Dinner was relaxed, and Missy didn't seem angry with Gunhild for seducing me. They chatted about the baby's arrival: they found Missy's old crib in the garage attic, and restored it for the nursery. I wished I could have done that myself, but I'd have the chance to do other things for the kid in time. Goonie told a few stories about the family back in Sweden, and her adventures in Africa. Then they shared different ways to induce labor: I didn't know anything about that, so I focused on having edible food again.

We settled into a routine of therapy and care pretty quickly over the next few days, and Goonie clearly knew what she was doing. They monitored my meds, activity and food: I was slowly regaining my strength. Jessie looked radiant and Missy was clearly relaxing after a long, stressful time. Goonie didn't try to ride me again, but every other day she gave me a handjob that made the bed rattle with a sardonic smile on her face. Lifewasn't bad for an old cripple.

After a couple of weeks, I did a series of tests in various labs around the area, and went to my family doctor, Herb Johnson, for a conference. I was strong to get along with only a little help from the cane. He thumped my chest and listened a few places, tested my grip and looked at my file. Missy sat with me, a bundle of nerves, when he finally looked up: "Well, Dale, you're a lucky man. Whatever that Swede's doing to you is working. You're ahead of schedule, so there's no question you can stay at home and continue. Keep up the good work and don't come back for six weeks unless you have to. Just don't let the baby keep you up all night."

I chuckled. "If the lazy bugger'll ever come out."

"Oh, overdue are we?" he said. I nodded, and he smiled. "I know one thing that's always worked, but it'll probably be a tough sell with Jessie."

"Yes, doctor?" Missy cut in. "What are you talking about?"

"Well, every time I've had a overdue mother, the dad is going absolutely nuts with frustration as well. The secret is prostaglandins and oxytocin. I know a great way that gets both going that keeps both partners happy."

"Yes?"

"He should play with her nipples while she blows him. Nipple play releases oxytocin and sperm has prostaglandins. She sucks him down, he relaxes and she goes into contractions. But I guess Jessie would only go for half of that."

I thought Missy was going to fall off her chair lauging. Herb and I laughed a bit too, and as he wiped the tears away from his eyes, he added: "Oh by the way, Dale, you're healthy enough to have sex if that Swedish nurse will give you any. I envy you, buddy."

Missy started rolling around on the floor, and I fought to keep from hurting myself with my amusement. Herb gave us a strange look and left shaking his head. 

After Missy recovered, she drove me home and I toddled to bed for a nap. She kissed me on the brow and murmured into my ear: "Get ready, Pops. We're going to get a lot done tonight."

Things were pretty quiet after my rest and dinner was rather subded, although I caught the women giving each other some rather playful looks. I turned to Jessie, realizing she was already on maternity leave, and asked: "What did you do this afternoon?"

"Oh, I went over to the fitness center for while. Did some aerobics and dancing, a few jumping jacks."

Goonie cut in: "You really want to convince that little guy to pop out, don't you?" Jessie smiled and nodded.

After dinner, we went to the master bedroom, and the girls got ready. Several candles were lit, and a stick of incense began to flavor the air. When they disrobed, I saw Goonie's tits were huge with a minimum of sag, and her ass beautifully curved. Her skin was perfect porcelain where the African sun hadn't touched her. The resemblance Missy had to her mother almost made me weep, and Jessie's chocolate skin had an electricity that night. Jessie sat on my lap and I played with her nipples, stroking and milking them, while Missy laid on the bed. Goonie gave Jessie a kiss on the brow before diving between Missy's legs, kissing and stroking her thighs and breasts. I could feel Jessie's heart beating a little faster as she watched them: I'm sure she would have loved to be part of what was happening on the bed, but her huge belly made ordinary movement awkward. Reaching down, I jiggled the little clit and played with her cunt lips.

Jessie leaned over to whisper in my ear: "I know Aunt Goonie fucked you the day we got you home. Doesn't she have a great ass?"

Missy was writhing as Goonie buried her face between Missy's legs. Her head lolled back and forth under the cushion of her long, dark hair, her eyes closed and her lips pursed. Goonie raised her ass high, kneeling with her face at bed level, and wiggled her hips in invitation. "Go ahead, Mr. Anderson," Jessie said, "Goonie wants you to fuck her. She told me you were the best fuck she ever had."

"She did all the work."

Jessie wiggled her hips, and I was starting to get intrested. "Oh, I love the feel of that lovely cock underneath me. I can hardly wait six weeks before I can fuck you again, I want to feel your cock in my cunt so bad."

I wet my finger in teased her nipple, making her groan. It became a little damp, hard bud under my finger. When I gave it a little pinch, she squealed and leaked a little milk. Her tonuge invaded my ear, swirling like it did around the end of my cock, and I got harder. She whispered: "Fuck her like you fucked me. I know she wants it bad, wants you to fill her cunt again. Just remember to give it to me when you're ready. I want to taste her cunt on your cock."

She got off so I could stand, which I did a little unsteadily. Walking up to the bed, I was a little too low for Goonie, so Jessie repositioned her aunt to accept my offering. Jessie spat on her hand and stroked me several times to get me rock hard, then guided me into Goonie's tight tunnel. It took a few probes before she was loose enough, but this time I made it all the way in, making the older woman growl and moan into my daughter's cunt. It didn't take long before we reached a rhythm, and Jessie held my arm to keep me steady. It was heaven.

Missy shrieked and squealed as an orgasm hit her, and Goonie's wasn't far behind. She pulled out of Missy's crevice and focused on backing back against my rod, taking me all the way in and out each stroke until she hit her peak, babbling in Swedish the whole time. Missy smiled her bit, satisfied smile and played with Goonie's nipples as she orgasmed.

Everything about me was tired except my shaft. Jessie guided me back into a chair, where I slumped, and she knelt between my legs licking her lips. After bathing my balls with her tongue and licking every bit of her aunt's juices from the shaft, she engulfed the head of my cock, her tongue a velvet whirlwind eager to touch every sensitive bit of my flesh. The voltage started building in my balls, and before long I was ready. Pulling off my cock for a moment, Jessie murmured: "Give it to me, Mr. Anderson, give me that sweetness. It's been way too long, I want it all. Cum in my mouth, please Mr. Anderson."
