 Afterwards we lay side by side panting in exhaustion. No words spoken, just pure, soulful, bliss. We lay there in each other's arms until we were finally able to catch our breath. I looked over at her watching her chest rise and fall in the darkness of the room. She turned her head returning my glance as our eyes met. 

I opened my mouth and began to speak. How little did I know how irrevocably those words and the conversation to follow would alter the course of our relationship. I smiled, "Poor John, if he only knew!" We started giggling like little kids. When we calmed down a bit, I reached for her lips and kissed her softly and passionately. Her mouth tasted wonderful. 

"He's not even home in case you were wondering", she said it almost as master of course. "Oh!? And what if he was?" I responded playfully as I pinched the side of her abdomen. 

"Fantasy is one thing babe, but I doubt we could handle something like that in real life." 

"I suppose you're right, I mean that what everybody says, right?" But fore I gave her a chance to respond, I added "... but part of me thinks the experience would be amazing, don't you think?"

She had been looking down towards my chest as we lay facing each other when she quickly glanced up and said, almost without thinking "With John?"

I looked up to see she was already looking into my eyes questioningly. I smiled back at her. "I don't know, maybe?" and paused before continuing "I know that he'd be more than willing, I mean, I notice the way he looks at you when he thinks neither of us is noticing."

"Yeah, well, welcome to my world" she said jokingly. But deep down, I know it wasn't far from the truth. "So you're not the least bit jealous of John?" 

The thing that occurred to me about this conversation is that it was like all of our other conversations. Honest. It wasn't a battle to prove who loved who more or premised on any preconceived notions of right and wrong. It was, as it always has been, about us.

"Why should I be?" I answered. "Besides, it's not about him now is it? He's just being used."

"Yeah baby, It's about youuuu... and meeee... and that hard cock of yours" she said and I'm sure she could feel my cock brushing her inner thigh. 

"Is this conversation turning you on?" She playfully asked though she already new the answer as she reached down and wrapped her delicate fingers around my cock to begin a gentle stroke. I love the way it feels when her loving hand is tenderly stroking my cock so that the soft skin of her gently brushes against the soft skin of my cock. Every time her delicate fingers would glide over that sensitive spot on the back side of my cock, just beneath the head, my entire cock would jerk up into her hand palm in appreciation. 

"You know it turns me on..." I said as my facial expression began to take a more lustful façade. My breathing quickened. "Is this turning you on?" My fingers reached down to begin softly rubbing her hard clit. She was soaking wet still.

"Ummmmmhmmm... you know it does." She replied.

Then with what must have been an act of sheer will power, she forced the conversation back to the serious. 

"Well sort of, but it also makes me feel uncomfortable. You know it turns us both on very much when we fantasize about having another man in bed with us but this is different because we're talking about a real person." She paused for a moment as if searching for the right words. Her hand momentarily stopped stroking my cock. "I don't want you to think that I want John or that I would ever consider sleeping with him, do you know what I mean?"

"Baby, I totally understand. But I already know all of that, believe me I do." I wrapped my hand around her waste and pulled her body closer to me so that our bellies were pressed against on another. Her hand left my cock and she pressed her hand into my side to pull me closer. It felt reassuring. 

Continuing, I said "If I thought that it meant that you wanted to fuck him, I think I would be pretty upset and jealous you know. But this is different I guess, part of me really wants to fulfill this fantasy... for the both of us."

"But how will you know if you'll be jealous until it actually happens? What if you do get jealous and you lose trust in me?"

"Well, we'll just have to test the waters and see if this is something we could handle"

"Like how?"

I laughed. "Well..."

"What?" She laughed back.

"Ok so I've sort of fantasized this scenario out"

"Oh you have, have you? And what did you while you fantacized this scenario out, did you stroke you cock like this?" She said with a sexiest little smirk on her face. As she said that, she rocked her body back a bit to let my cock slide free from between her legs as she began to gently stroke my hard cock once again. "lay on your back" she commanded. I complied. She leaned over me and began to stroke my cock. "So tell me now, how did you fantasize this little scenario out?" 

"Ok, well you know how Tracy's parents are going to Florida for two weeks, right? Uhmm... god that feels good baby" 

"yeah..." She said still grinning.

"Well, this means that it'll just be you and John in this house for the next two weeks. So, I was just thinking that maybe we could do a night where we just watch TV together. Maybe put in a sexy, but legitimate movie, and just make sure we're all on the couch together. It's chilly, so maybe we'll need a blanket to cover us.... And you never know what kind of accidental touching could happen under that blanket...."

She guided my cock into her pussy and we fucked hard again that night. It was her way of saying she'll think about it. I didn't push the issue any further. 

****************************************************

That week we discussed the details of our plan. We were both so excited yet nervous about the whole idea. We would fantasize about the possibilities every time we had sex. Every time we'd fantasize we would get bolder with what we might want to try. Each time, the sex was amazing. Zennia would confess how turned on she constantly was at the thought of fulfilling one of her biggest fantasies. Although, she would constantly express her doubts as to whether I would actually go through with it. She would tease me by saying how when the time came, that I'm likely to chicken out. As for my part, I assured her that if it were not for jealousy, there would be no other reason to have second thoughts – for jealousy can destroy a relationship.

She had asked John if he felt like hanging out with us on the following Saturday for a low-key night. We would have dinner, drink some wine, and then have a relaxing night watching a movie in the den by the fireplace. We had decided that after dinner she would excuse herself and go get changed into her pajamas. However, the plan was for her to put on something revealing enough to captivate John, yet subtle enough to not draw too much attention to our plan. During the night, there would be subtle cues that we would give each other that John would not be privy to.

So when the time came, Zennia excused herself to get changed right on cue. Upon hearing Zennia, John said that it was a great idea and that he would go change as well. I decided to do the same. Upon entering Zennia's room, we were both full of nervous excitement as I closed the door behind us. I began kissing her passionately. She returned the kiss as she wrapped one leg around mine. I pinned her body against the door and pressed my erection into her as we kissed with muted lust. When our breathing became too heavy, she pushed me away and with a sexy smile told me to behave! I pulled my gray sweatpants and a white t-shirt from my overnight bag. She reached into her drawer to pull out a sexy nightgown made of stretch t-shirt material. It looked cozy yet very sexy as it only came down a few inches past her perfect bottom. I shed my clothes off in a hurry to get changed.

"What are you doing?" She asked.

"I don't want to wear these tonight" I said as I finished slipping my boxer briefs off. 

"Not fair, I can't go without wearing underwear tonight, it'll be too obvious!" she exclaimed.

So I did what any good boyfriend would have done in that situation, I picked out the perfect pair of panties for my girlfriend to display for another man! It was a pink g-string with red trim to match her red nightgown. Getting on my knees, I slipped my hands under her gown pulling the panties she had on down. As she stepped out of them I leaned in to suck out her wetness, letting my tongue penetrate her while my hands slowly brought up the sexy and dry pair of panties to replace the old. "You ready I asked?" 

"Mmmmmm... but let me leave first! You need to settle down before you walk out with that boner!" She said with a giggle and then turned to walk out of the room.

When I arrived, I found them both sitting on opposite ends of the couch. She was leaning on the armrest with a pillow under her head and her legs pulled up onto the couch in a fetal position. He was on the other end of the couch. When I walked in, I took in the view as I momentarily stood silently watching the scene from behind the couch. Zennia 's thighs were exposed from just below her ass. In her position, her ass was positioned perfectly for John's prying eyes. Although I couldn't see her underwear from where I was standing, I could tell that it was definitely visible from John's vantage point. They were carrying on a conversation about their favorite wine or something of that nature. She looked blankly at the TV as she would occasionally glance back up in John's direction. I image he was having a very difficult time keeping his eyes away from her sexy body. 

They had started the movie and the previews were still playing when I finally walked into the room. I grabbed the blanket that was resting on the back of the couch before taking my seat on the end of the couch where Zennia had been lying. She made room for me and leaned in to rest her head on my shoulder after spreading the blanket over us. 

Within minutes, Zennia had already sunken down into a comfortable position on the couch. She had slid down so that her head was resting on my lap. And over time, she would stretch her legs out until they were finally resting on John's lap under the blanket. She could pull this off without suspicion. Since Zennia and Tracy were childhood friends, she had known John since childhood.

Although I don't recall the name of the movie we were watching it was definitely right on topic. It was a movie about a woman that falls in love with two men who are best friends. In the movie, the men decide to try and share her love and agree to all move in together. So throughout the movie, there were many sexy scenes depicting the trio's sexual triangle. It was during one of those scenes that I got my first indication of what was happening beneath the blanket. Zennia grasped my inner thigh and squeezed hard indicating that her foot had made contact. It was very subtle to say the least, for when I glanced over in the direction of John's lap, I could sense slow imperceptible movement beneath the covers. 

It was that simple, a squeeze, a line shattered, a line crossed. It would be a lie to say that I didn't recognize the gravity of the moment. This was the exact moment that our relationship crossed over to the other side; from the comfortable sensuality of the abstract to the surreal eroticism of the concrete. At that moment, John's hard cock was being sensuously teased in long slow strokes by my lover's soft bare foot through the thin fabric of his pajamas. For the following twenty minutes, I stood frozen, half aware of the movie before us, but mostly focused on the gentle squeezing of my cock and the heavy breathing coming from Zennia 's chest. On the other end of the couch, a young man was being tormented as he shifted his weight back and forth. I imagined how erotic the circumstance must be for her, to have a hard cock pressed against her hand and another against the back of her foot – to hold two men totally captive under the spell of her sexuality.

Then Zennia did something that surprised me, she took the scene one step further. She leaned up on her elbow and placed her hand on her neck and whispered to me in voice that was just loud enough for John to hear. "I think I'm getting a kink in my neck." 

Although this was not something that we had planned, nor was it a code word that we fantasized about, I quickly caught on to what she wanted. She was asking for permission to get closer to John's lap, closer to his hard cock. She was testing the waters. 

"Do you want to lay down the other way?" I asked in a concerned voice.

She turned to look at john and asked in a pleading voice knowing full well what his response was going to be. So with puppy eyes she asked, "Do you mind if I lay my head on your lap? I'm getting a kink in my neck from lying on one side for so long."

Poor John, I'm sure that he was confused as hell at that point. He looked at me questioningly as though asking for permission to say yes to Zennia 's request. I just shrugged my shoulders and smiled. He looked to Zennia and said sure. Zennia got up and shifted her body so that she was laying in the opposite direction. In the process of settling down on his side, she pulled the covers off his lap. I was trying to pretend not to pay attention to her movements but through the corner of my eye, I noticed why she had done that – though it seemed perfectly accidental. I was only privy to a quick glance, as John, in an almost knee jerk reaction, quickly covered up his lap. In that brief instant, I saw that his hard cock had slipped out through the crease of his PJ pants and was hanging erect between his legs. No sooner had the blanket been drawn back to cover up his erection had the side of Zennia 's face come settling down over his lap. I saw John glance over my way to see if I had noticed but I just pretended to be watching the movie. On the screen, I could no longer see the movie for in it's place was an image of John's thick cock followed by the imaging of Zennia's face come to rest over it. My heart was pounding.

It was an overwhelming feeling to behold, a mixture of jealousy and nervousness. I was excited for Zennia yet totally petrified of losing her. There is a tightly woven fabric that is sown into our consciousness since infancy. Things like this are not supposed to happen. It is not easy to unravel this fabric, to come to terms with our individual freedom, to discover that what works for society as a whole has no relevance on one's individual right to peacefully pursue the path to happiness. Zennia wasn't cheating on me; this was sex, her fantasy - and mine. I imagined the emotions she might be feeling at that moment. She must be feeling his excitement press against the side of her face as it twitched and spewed forth its precum. Yet, she must have been more than aware of my presence in the room and the connection between us. My lover knew me, she loved me, and I had no doubt that she was contemplating the emotions going through me. 

When Zennia finally settled down she asked me in the most nonchalant way possible for a foot massage. Later, in private, she would tell me that the foot massage was as much to tease me as it was to fuck with John's head. When we settled back down and I resumed the movie, I reached for her foot. I quickly realized why she asked for that foot massage. The bottom of her foot was soaked with slippery precum. I suppose that was in evitable after twenty minutes of teasing his cock with her foot. I quickly went to work massaging his precum into her foot. I wrapping her foot gently in my hand and pressed my thumb along the arch of her foot in long slippery strokes.

My mouth went dry and my cock was ready to burst through the thin material of my sweats. I was dying for some relief and desperately waning to rub my cock on any part of her body. As I rubbed her foot, I imagined how sexy it would be to rub my cock on her foot – where his cock was just moments ago. But I had other plans. In this position, her ass was towards me and that gave me great access to rub and tease her. So while rubbing her foot with one had, I let my other hand sneak away to journey the short distance to her crotch. When my fingers made contact with her pussy lips through her panties, it was quite apparent how much she was enjoying this. She was soaked! 

"Does that feel good?" I asked. To John, the question was in regard to the foot massage I was giving her. To Ally, it was in regard to the soft caresses that my hand was showering her pussy and clit with.

"Mmmmmmmm... very!" Was all she said in an almost sleepy voice. As she said this, she nuzzled her face into John's lap as if to feign drowsiness. I also felt her body shift beneath as though she was sliding her arm beneath his leg to hug it. For the next twenty minutes, we sat in silence as we watched the movie. 

The next move was mine. This one was rehearsed. In the twenty minutes that passed since Zennia had laid her head on his lap, I had summoned every ounce of will power I had to get rid of my raging hard on. I turned to Zennia and John and told them that I can't keep my eyes open. "The wine must have gotten to me" was my excuse. When we had discussed this evening in private, we had decided that if I was comfortable with what was going on that I would excuse myself to bed early to let them have some time alone. If she was comfortable with it, she would stay, if not, she would excuse herself and head back to the room with me. Of course, she stayed. I got up and headed for her bedroom leaving them alone on the couch. 

I lit a single candle that was placed on the bed side table, got naked, and climbed in bed. My timing was perfect. There was about 15 minutes left of the movie so I knew it wouldn't take too long before she was in bed with me. I stroked myself to the edge of orgasm and held back. My balls were aching and my stomach was doing summersaults. I didn't want to cum until she got back into the room but my hands couldn't seem to stay off my cock. So I stroked. My cock felt hyper sensitive my hand felt so good wrapped around the hard shaft. There was precum dripping down my hand to my balls. Images of Zennia with John's thick cock in her mouth permeated my tormented imagination. I was a little jealous but mostly very excited.

It actually took thirty minutes before she finally came into the room. When she entered, she closed the door behind her and stood by the door in the relative darkness of the room. My naked form clearly visible by the candle light as I lay stretched out on the bed. But she didn't move any closer and held her stance by the door.

"Are you ok?" I asked

"Yes." She whispered. "Are you ok?" She asked tentatively, tenderly.

"I'm fine baby, I'm just nervous, excited, hell .. " I exhaled... "I feel like I'm all over the place tonight." 

"Are we ok?" she asked more specifically.

"Yes baby, of course" the response was instinctive born of love and concern, "I love you so much baby"

"I love you" she whispered back. Not wanting to kill the sexual excitement, she steered the conversation back into the moment. "Were you touching yourself thinking about me?" She asked still standing in the shadow of the room.

"Yes"

"Show me how you were stroking your cock while I..." then she cut herself of short. She was still testing the waters. I think she was just nervous about accepting everything that has happened, unsure of how I was going to react. That social fabric that binds is difficult to see through even for the most open minded of us.

"While what?" I said exclaimed with excitement. 

With more confidence and a deeper, sexier whisper, she replied "While I was stroking John's thick. Hard. Cock". 

I reached for my hard cock and began to stroke it again. "Why are you standing there, why won't you hop on the bed with me?"
