 I was so glad that I decided to start off slowly. I knew that it could get out of control very easily. She knew I'd never try this with anyone else, she knew she was special. Rushing into something too intense might ruin it, for both of us. We both knew we wanted more, but agreed to proceed carefully. It's almost like she was waiting for me to ask, she was so ready to be bad for me. When I suggested it, she already had someone in mind. She said, "How about Bryant?"

We talked about it a lot over the next week before deciding how to begin. It was a Friday when he came over. I had watched her get ready. She was all dolled up, her hair curled and bouncing about her shoulders, her lips enticingly red. She was wearing black and burgundy underwear that barely contained her voluptuous figure. She modelled for me, strutting around in her heels, glass of wine in hand.

"Do you think he'll like it?" she asked teasingly.

"Definitely." I replied, "You still want to do this?"

"This," she said, leaning in and whispering, "and so much more."

My cock twitched in my pants. "You'll have to wait." I growled, "Tonight is just for showing off."

He arrived a few minutes later, I had her wait in the bedroom. Bryant had brought a few beers for the two of us. We settled down on the couch, opened our beers and put on a porno to watch for a few minutes. Not too much later I texted her to come in and kneel on the floor in front of us. She obeyed, kneeling on a towel beside a large dildo and some lube. I paused the movie and we both pulled out our cocks to enjoy her show. 

She looked at me and asked, "Are you ready, sir? Do you want me to entertain you and your guest?"

I just nodded.

She began by reaching one hand down into her panties. It only took seconds for her to get going, her breathing sped up and I could see her nipples getting hard through her bra. After a few minutes, I got up and went around behind her to remove her top. I gently unclasped it and kissed her neck before whispering, "You're doing well, we're both so hard. I'm proud of you."

She moaned, "Thank you, sir." As I gave her nipple a playful pinch and sat down.

She was fingering herself vigorously as her other hand circled her nipple slowly. I knew she was getting close, but she had to keep herself there. There was so much more I wanted to see. Bryant stared at her hungrily, slowly stroking his cock while she pleasured herself in front of us. I was so looking forward to what we had planned for next week and the week after that. It was so hot that she was on board with this and would play along. 

"I'm ready," she gasped, "can I put it in?"

I grinned, "Manners." I reminded her.

"Can I please put it in, sir?" she groaned.

"Okay, if you must." I consented.

She stopped playing with herself, slowly removed her panties and picked up the large dildo. It was pink and ribbed and about 9 inches long and thicker than the average cock. She licked it up and down enticingly as we watched. Then she squirted some lube on it and slid it between her large, beautiful breasts before slowly sliding it down to her moist, eager pussy. She looked at me and grinned before inserting the head with a small squeal. I came when she plunged the rest of it in with a shudder. She paused, adjusting to the size before pumping it in and out slowly. 

I sat there with cum still spurting out of my deflating cock as my lovely girlfriend masturbated vigorously for me and my friend. As soon as I came the realization of what was happening hit me and I may have had some doubts. However when she started screaming and moaning like she was, it all went away. I knew that this was what I wanted and that she loved it too.

"I'm going to cum!!" She screamed as she leaned back on her back, thrusting the dildo in and out as she pinched her nipples and bucked her hips in rhythm.

"Not yet." I calmly reminded her.

"Please, sir." She pleaded, "Let me cum for you."

"Tell me what you are!" I demanded.

"I'm a slut." She breathed, "Your slut. . . ." She trailed off as she clenched her teeth and shuddered before pulling the dildo out and orgasming intensely as we watched.

"I didn't say you could do that." I told her sternly.

"I'm sorry." She sighed apologetically.

"Come here!" I barked.

"I can't," she whined, "my legs are too shaky."

Losing my patience, I stood up, went over to her and grabbed her by the hair on the back of her head and pulled her to her feet. I lead her to the couch and threw her down across Bryant's lap. I picked up her wet panties and stuffed them in her mouth. She didn't resist at all, she knew she deserved her punishment and was probably looking forward to it. I stroked the side of her face lovingly with one hand and quickly smacked her ass with the other, not very hard, but there was a sharp intake of breath. I wound up and hit her again, harder. She squealed and squirmed a bit. Bryant grabbed the back of her neck and held her still as I spanked her again.

"I'm sorry," she sobbed, "I came without permission. I'll make it up to you, sir."

"It's not me you need to make it up too." I said, "Bryant came here for a show and you ruined it by disobeying me."

I like how she knew what to do. I hadn't planned on this part, we were going to save that for next week, but in this case I was okay with moving a bit faster. Bryant let go of her neck and she slid back to reach his cock. It was still hard, but throbbing and ready, he hadn't cum yet. She looked back at me shyly and I nodded. She licked the tip of it and stroked it a bit before moving down to suck on his balls. Despite her earlier mistake, she was behaving so well. I rewarded her by stroking her ass and kissing the red handprints where I had struck her. She wrapped her lips around his cock and her head began to bob up and down. Bryant groaned and smiled at me, mouthed "Thank you".

I stood up, grabbed my phone and took a quick picture. I was starting to get hard again. I considered hopping in and pounding her while she worked on his cock, but thought I'd save that at least for next week. He was really enjoying his blowjob. I knew that she was great at them, my slut makes me proud when she's behaving. Bryant grabbed the back of her head and forced it down, fucking her throat. Finally, I could tell he was about to cum, she tried to pull away. She didn't like the taste of cum in her mouth, we'd break her of that. He put both hands on her head and gave one last thrust as he spurted cum into the back of her mouth. He was satisfied, she was exhausted, she just lay there with her head in his lap, cum leaking out of her mouth, sticking to the side of her face and getting in her hair. She was beautiful in that moment and I was reminded that I love her.

After Bryant left, I took my slut to the shower and washed her off and kissed her passionately. I loved watching her perform for me, but I also loved holding her and kissing her. 

"Did I do well, sir?" She asked, "Do you think he liked me?"

"You were amazing," I reassured her, "we were both very happy with you. He'll come back next week."

"What will you have me do next week?" she asked.

"It's a surprise," I teased, "but don't worry, you'll get some cock, I know it's your favourite thing."

"Thank you, sir." She said sweetly as she got down on her knees and grabbed my slowly hardening cock."

"You don't have to. You've done enough today." I said as she licked the tip.

"I know, but I want to. Can I please sir? Can I suck your cock right now?" She begged eagerly.

Well how could I say no. For the second time that night, my amazing girlfriend had a mouthful of cum, but this time she swallowed it. I love her so much. We were going to have so much fun next week.