 (As always, these stories are dedicated to my wife Amanda; mere words can't describe how loving and amazing she is.)

(Special dedication to Scott, my favorite secret.)

(And, thank you, once more, to Goddess of Sunshine for her time, effort, and editing skills. You're as awesome!)

*

Amanda hugged me tight.

"Are you sure you're ok with this? I can go with you instead, if you want."

At 5'6, my wife stood barely to my chin. I gently rubbed my nose into her straight, black, silky hair, which flowed to the small of her back. It was so soft and fragrant that I knew I could lose myself in there, as I had done so many times throughout the course of our marriage. She had a natural bronze tint to her skin that made her seem more exotic with her lush lips, dark eyes, and thick eyebrows.

"Amanda, I'm totally fine with this," I assured her for the umpteenth time. "We've all been discussing this for months now. Scott and Brandy understand the boundaries, and everything is out on the table so no one gets hurt. I'm totally excited for you!"

But Amanda still appeared unsure.

I continued in a much gentler voice, "Don't be concerned about hurting me. After all we've been through... after all we've already done... I still want this for you."

Amanda slugged me playfully in the left bicep. "You sure you're not letting me do this just for your own perverted benefit?" It was a rhetorical question, and we both knew it.

"Haha! Do I really need to answer that? You know I've always wanted to give you everything you need, and more. I just want you happy."

The truth really was that simple.

I could tell my wife was coming around, but the trepidation was still there. It dawned on me that something specific was troubling her.

"What's wrong, Mandy? Are you scared? If it doesn't feel right, then don't go! I never want you to be uncomfortable. I want you to feel safe. You know what? Forget the whole thing. Come with me to Vegas. It'll be fun, we'll have an awesome time!"

My wife laughed and, like always, it sounded like heavenly music. "Hmmm... do I want to accompany you to Las Vegas, and spend an entire weekend with a bunch of frat boys, most of whom still act like... well, frat boys? Let me think about this..."

"Hey!" I exclaimed in an injured tone. "Those guys are some of my closest friends! And it's 'fraternity', not 'frat'."

Amanda's disgusted expression matched the sound that she made. "Whatever. The point is, spending time with a bunch of 30-something year old FRAT boys isn't my idea of a vacation. And drinking and gambling all weekend doesn't really appeal to me."

"Don't forget about the strip clubs," I told her impudently.

"Gawd, just surf the 'net for porn!" She actually sounded exasperated.

I grinned incorrigibly at my wife, and pressed my forehead to hers. The exchange had been our personal sign of affection from almost the first day we met. "Why don't you come to Vegas with me, and you can strip for us." I was teasing her, but a part of me was serious. "I would love nothing more than to show off your sexy body and be the envy of my buddies. Besides, I'm sure they would fuck you nonstop for the whole weekend, if you wanted."

"So what you're saying is, you want your frat brothers to gangbang me, is that right?"

"Well, you said it."

Another playful punch. "Omigod, you're unbelievable!"

We burst out laughing.

Eventually, Amanda's expression turned serious once more. "I know we've done crazier things than this. Much crazier things. But..."

My heart pounded as she left her sentence hanging.

She sighed. "You know, that first night when I slept with Glenn and the other guys, you were right here with me [Chapter 1]. Even when I saw each of them afterwards, I knew you were always close by. But now..."

"What is it, Mandy? Tell me."

"But now you're going to be a 5 hour plane ride away."

"Are you afraid something bad will happen? That they may do something to you?"

"No, no. Nothing like that. I trust them. And I can handle myself." Her fists suddenly clenched. "And I won't let anyone hurt me again."

I felt a surge of pride at her confident words. It had only been months since her assault [Chapter 7], but Amanda had undoubtedly rediscovered her resolve.

"If it's not that, then what is it?"

"I guess I don't feel right going through with this when you're so far away. Like... like I'm being dishonest or unfaithful."

I sighed. "Mandy, I love you so, so much. I have never questioned your faithfulness, that's the last thing I'm worried about." I swallowed hard and licked my lips that had suddenly become dry. "I'm at peace with who we are, and where we are in our marriage. And I know you are, too. But if you don't feel right about the situation..."

It was my turn to trail off.

Amanda and I gazed at each other wordlessly. We had experienced so much, and endured happiness and horror, since the nature of our marriage had expanded. But it only made us love each other even more, and strengthened our bond to an unbreakable point.

"I love you," Amanda told me in a quavering voice, thick with emotion that essentially informed me of her decision.

"I love you, too." We touched foreheads again.

The idea of forgoing my trip and cancelling on my fraternity brothers, some of whom I hadn't seen in almost a decade, abruptly entered my mind. Spending a moment with my wife far surpassed a thousand Vegas trips. But as I looked at her, I knew I had to go. Although she would never outright say it, despite her misgivings, Amanda had been looking forward to this weekend. It was something that would be invigorating for her.

And, truth be told, imagining what she was going to do, and what was going to be done to her, while I was gone aroused me to no end.

"I should probably leave before I miss my flight." There was only a slight tinge of reluctance in my voice. "And you need to head over soon, too."

"Where's your suitcase? Is it already in the car?"

"Yup."

"That's good. I have my overnight bag right here."

"What do you need an overnight bag for? You're just going next door to Scott and Brandy's."

My wife's expression became downright naughty. She opened her bag and pulled out the first item: the proverbial "little black dress". It was sleeveless and strapless, made of that tight, stretchy material which always conformed perfectly to her body. The fabric would be skintight on her, and the skirt was so short that it wouldn't even reach halfway to her knees.

No doubt it would accentuate Amanda's best physical attributes: her toned shoulders and arms, her 34C breasts, the curves of her hips, and her incredible ass.

I looked at her questioningly.

"Brandy and Scott bought it for me."

"Oh, really?" My cock throbbed as I pictured her wearing the skimpy dress.

She asked with genuine humility, "Do you think I'll look ridiculous in this thing?"

Amanda was going to look so stunning wearing it that her question almost made me laugh in disbelief. "It might be easier if I dropped my pants to show you my opinion."

Amanda blushed, causing her freckles, which had always been one of my secret fetishes, to stand out even more. She rolled the dress carefully into her bag and showed me one last item: a set of plum-colored underwear. The top resembled one of those Lycra sports bras that she often wore to the gym or out running. The way they wrapped her breasts gave me an instant erection every time, and I suspected that they had the same effect on her running partner Bryan [Chapter 6]. The panties were somewhat rectangular in shape, and of the "boyshort" design.

The set definitely had a sporty quality about them, which suited Amanda and her athletic lifestyle perfectly. I recognized them immediately. I had given them to her some time back, and they were my favorite.

"You'll be gone, but not forgotten," she told me sweetly. "It'll be like you're right there with me."

I looked from my wife to the underwear she clutched in her hand, then back to my wife. My erection was raging in my pants. "Screw the damn traffic. I need to fuck you one last time before I leave."

She was already unbuttoning my shirt. "One for the road, eh? Yea, I can go for that!"

"Put the dress on. I want to make love to you while you're wearing it." The notion of fucking Amanda while she wore a sexy dress that somebody else had given her was extremely hot to me.

The doorbell rang.

Amanda instinctively turned towards front door, but I pulled her back. "Forget the doorbell," I growled. I wanted my wife one last time before our neighbors would have her body all to themselves.

Just as they had before [Chapter 8].

The doorbell rang again. And again. And several more times, each time sounding more incessant than the last.

I began to swear profusely as I buttoned my shirt. "I swear, if it's a goddamn door-to-door salesman, I'm going to strangle him!"

Amanda went to the door and opened it. Standing on our porch was a short blonde who was just a shade over 5ft tall, with long hair, slightly wavy bangs, hazel eyes, and a fantastic, curvy ass. She wore a dark brown halter top, outlining the huge breasts on her petite frame, over a pair of tight jeans and pumps.

Next to my wife, she was one of the most stunning women I had ever laid eyes on.

The highly attractive woman tucked her hands casually in her back pockets, which only made her bust more prominent. "Howdy, neighbors," she drawled. "I was wondering if Amanda can come out and play?" The sultry tone of her voice combined with her enormous tits made me ache in a pleasant way.

"Brandy!" Amanda greeted. "Come in, come in. My husband and I were just saying our good-byes. He's getting ready to leave, and I was about to head over to your place."

My wife hugged Brandy as she entered our home. They shared a long kiss with a level of intimacy that would've surprise anyone but me and Scott. I studied them, watching the way their mouths worked, observing how their bodies mashed against each other.

Once they finally disengaged, Brandy then turned to me. "Hello, handsome." She kissed me as well, with equal fervor. I wrapped my arm around her slender waist to bring her close to me. As my tongue snaked into her mouth, I could easily taste my wife. Though the passion I displayed towards Brandy was quite less than my norm for Amanda, a casual onlooker would've assumed the busty blonde and I were serious lovers.

"Mmm... I always love the way you kiss." Then Brandy grinned sheepishly. "I'll be honest, Scott and I are getting restless. He sent me over here to see if I could speed things up." She looked meaningfully at my wife. "My husband's been like a dog in heat waiting for you!"

I sighed forlornly. Leaving my wife so she could have a sex-filled weekend with our gorgeous neighbors had seemed like a good idea, but I was suddenly feeling excluded.

"Well, I guess that's my cue to get going." I tried not to sound glum. "I should be getting on the road, anyway." I looked seriously at Brandy. "Take good care of my Mandy. I love her so much, she means the world to me."

Brandy's response was sincere. "I know. We all do. Scott and I are going to take great care of your wife, and make her the center of our universe while you're gone. We'll keep her safe, and treat her well. I promise, you have nothing to worry about. We'll make her happy."

That assured me somewhat. Brandy took a subtle step back to give us some privacy.

"One last time....are you sure about this? I won't go over if you're not feeling it. I still fly to Vegas with you, there's enough time for me to buy a ticket. Or I can stay home by myself, it doesn't matter."

"I just want you to be happy. That's all I care about. As long as you feel safe and comfortable spending the weekend with Brandy and Scott, I want this for you."

My wife's face beamed with love that matched the surge in my heart. She wrapped her arms around me. "I hope you have a great time with your fraternity brothers."

I kissed her one last time. "I love you, Mandy."

"I love you, too."

I reluctantly let her go. As I headed out the door towards the car, I called back loudly so Brandy would hear, "Make sure you take a lot of pictures!"

The love of my life, my beautiful wife Amanda, smirked at me. "Don't worry, babe. I always do."

My cock was hard all the way to Vegas.

******************************************************************************

Brandy was acting like a schoolgirl as she led Amanda inside her home.

"I still can't believe all this is happening," she confessed breathlessly, excitement and anticipation evident in her voice and movements. "Damn, I can't even believe all that's ALREADY happened between the four of us! And you... and your husband... I'm amazed, and quite frankly, so jealous, that the two of you can thrive in an open marriage."

Amanda was holding our neighbor's hand, and she squeezed it affectionately. "I have to admit, I freaked out at first. You have no idea how frightening it was to walk into my house to discover 5 naked men... men I know very well... waiting there for us!"

"Waiting there for you!" Brandy corrected. She had heard the stories about the gangbang [Chapter 1], and about Amanda's subsequent encounters with her lovers [Chapters 2-6] countless times already, but it never got old. It was more arousing to her than reading a well-written, cheesy romance novel.

"I'm just so happy you and your husband welcomed us into your lives," Brandy continued. She hesitated, and it appeared as though she was about to say more, but at that moment, her husband strolled into the room.

Scott was a handsome man to the point of his looks being unfair. Standing over 6ft tall, he possessed a muscular build with broad shoulders, penetrating blue eyes that made women (and some men) swoon, and shoulder-length, brown hair. He had a sharp jawline and poignant cheekbones that gave him a serious air.

Scott's face split into a wide grin when he saw Amanda, and she felt momentarily weak in the knees; even his own wife felt her heart flutter.

"Amanda! It's so good to see you!" He crossed the distance between them in 2 bounding steps, and swept her into his powerful arms. Amanda didn't resist.

Brandy watched and smiled as her husband kissed my wife, his hands sliding from her hips down to her ass, and groping them. The sounds of wet licks devouring each other, heavy breathing with occasional moans, and bodies rubbing against each other filled the room for a decent amount of time. Scott and Amanda were panting when they finally separated.

"You have no idea how happy we are that you're able to spend the weekend with us." The excitement in his tone matched Brandy's as he stepped next to his wife, and held her close.

"I'm psyched, too, but we have my husband to thank. I wouldn't be here right now without his approval."

Brandy nodded. "We know, honey. Scott and I are finally beginning to understand your marriage, and it really is a beautiful thing." She pouted, "I wish he would've skipped his trip so we could spend the weekend as one big happy family. I mean, I should be able to have sex with your husband if you're going to have sex with mine, right?"

Everyone laughed. Scott, in particular, appeared as though he was about to rip my wife's clothes off. But Amanda shook her head incredulously. "You just spent last Friday night with us! You fucked my husband twice, and you even woke him at the crack of dawn to fuck him again!"

Scott was still chuckling. "And here I thought you had the biggest sexual appetite out of all of us, Amanda."

"You get cheap thrills watching me screw her husband, Scott, just like he loves watching her with other people. Don't lie!"

"Oh, I do. Believe me, I do. And I love watching you with other women, too." He eyes danced meaningfully between the two women. The drop in his tone was noticeable as he added, "And the only thing better than watching you with another woman is joining you both."

Amanda could already feel her pulse quickening, and it was suddenly a little harder to breathe. An odd question suddenly entered her mind, one that she had never asked herself before: was she a slut? After all, she had slept with numerous men: her boss Glenn; the soft-spoken, pony-tailed Asian Phillip, Jansen, who was even taller and broader than Scott, and wielded his enormous cock like a weapon; Bryan, whose lewd behavior towards my wife secretly turned her on; and my best friend Dimitri, whom I loved dearly. And this wasn't even including Geoffrey and Kenneth, two former coworkers who had abused and humiliated her because they wrongly believed that Glenn had given her preferential treatment [Chapters 1-7].

And now she was having an affair with a married couple.

Sure, save for Geoffrey and Kenneth, Amanda knew that she had my full consent to engage in these extramarital relationships. She was aware that the more she enjoyed it, the more I got off from it. But as she stood there, looking at Brandy and Scott, who were clearly hungry for her, my wife began to wonder if she had finally gone too far. She hadn't ruined any marriages yet, but was that only a matter of time? Even now, as Brandy and Scott were currently in the process of redesigning the boundaries of their own union, Amanda feared our relationship with them would ultimately complicate things.

My wife licked her lips and swallowed hard. She returned the lustful gaze that our neighbors shared for her. The wonderful, tingly sensation in her nipples and clit as they hardened could not be denied. She felt hot all over her body.

Amanda knew why she was here. And why I had left her for the weekend.

"Why don't we all go someplace where we can get a little bit more... comfortable?"

Brandy and Scott nodded dumbly and emphatically.

"I want us to be naked, no clothes allowed." Amanda paused for dramatic effect. "For the entire weekend."

Scott was ready to fuck my wife right now, but Brandy unintentionally cock-blocked him. "I have the perfect idea. We have some time before dinner. Why don't we all take a relaxing dip in our new hot tub? Amanda, Scott and I just had it installed on our back porch 2 days ago. I can't think of a better time to test it out than now."

"Oooohhh, that DOES sound perfect."

Brandy looked at her husband. "Scott?"

"Sure," he nodded, but his expression indicated otherwise. Clearly, he was impatient to be with Amanda, but did not want to oppose his wife.

"Splendid! Let's have some drinks out there, too, shall we? Hon, be a dear, and bring out a bottle of wine and some glasses. Amanda and I will meet you there."

"Ok, love. But the two of you better not start the fun without me."

Brandy laughed. "We still have to change, after all."

A thin smile creased Amanda's lips. "I didn't bring a bikini."

"But how---?" The blonde caught my wife's look, and reddened in embarrassment. "Ah, yes. 'Naked all weekend'. Of course." Brandy shook her head. "Seriously, Amanda. I need to start thinking more like you. Come on, let's go!"

Five minutes later, Brandy was opening the sliding glass door which led to the back porch. The covered deck was made of a dark brown, water-sealed wood, and was quite expansive. Nestled in one corner was the brand new hot tub that was large enough to fit 4 people. Outdoor furniture, including 2 patio chairs, a table, and a long bench decorated the area next to it.

Brandy led my wife out, and closed the door behind them. Beach towels were wrapped tightly around their bodies. She looked hesitantly at Amanda, but my wife didn't second-guess their current situation. The awning above the porch completely shielded them from prying eyes, so Amanda calmly drew the towel from her body, and laid it neatly out on one of the lounge chairs. Brandy's eyes lingered on my wife flawless nakedness before she removed her own towel as well.
