 As I sat before the roaring campfire, my arms hugging my knees, my eyes wandered lazily over to Steve, my best friend in the whole wide world, and my soul mate. He and I had been through a lot of journeys together, and it always seemed as if he were my navigator during most of them. This man whom I shared the most intimate details of my love life with was my closest and most cherished companion. We couldn't go for two days without talking, and yet, so relaxed were we with each other that a comfortable silence often surrounded us. 

I watched as the flickering firelight reflected itself in his beautiful aquamarine eyes. His handsome face captured the glow from the fire and held it possessively. My head rested on my knees, as my eyes were glued to the man before me, absorbing themselves in the light show being presented. 

I watched his expression closely, my thoughts so often connected with his, were wandering on their own, left with no clue as to what this man was thinking. I couldn't help but wonder if he were planning a new adventure for me, or if he was remembering one of the many from the past. 

I smiled recalling my previous experience, the one I hadn't told him of yet, the one I didn't know how he would respond to. A night like tonight would be the perfect time, the ambience of the campfire, the calmness of the evening, all would strengthen the essence of the tale I was to tell. 

Steve turned his head slightly to look at me, as our eyes met, for one moment I could see an intense passion there, then it was gone. This man, usually so open to me, was suddenly a closed book. I had to wonder if I was losing the ability to connect or if he was truly hiding something. 

Sensing my confusion, Steve stood up from his position across the fire, and sat down next to me, hugging me close as he put his arm around my shoulder. 

"Do you have something to tell me, dear friend?" he asked softly, looking deep into my eyes. 

This truly frustrated me to no end, here he was hiding behind this big wall, yet he could still sense every emotion running through my mind. 

I smiled and laughed softly. 

"Am I that transparent, Steve?" I asked, shaking my head. 

"Oh, I don't think you're transparent at all. There's just something about that look on your face, and that, my dear, tells me a lot. You've got something very exciting to tell me, haven't you?" 

His warm smile always seemed to burn into my soul, unlocking any and all secrets stored for safe keeping. There were no secrets between Steve and I, yet, sometimes I held back until just the right moment. Tonight was one of those moments. I watched his careful expression as I sighed and thought to myself, just get it over with, you know you want to. 

I bit my lower lip, then, clearing my throat, I started my story...

I had to stop off at the grocery store on my way home to pick up a few items for dinner. I was choosing a nice big cantaloupe for dessert, when someone tapped me on my shoulder. It was Frank Stone, the local beer distributor, and an old acquaintance of mine. I had heard rumors that he had gotten a divorce, but you know how rumors go. I hadn't talked with him for a couple of years, but here he was standing next to me, his blue eyes sparkling into mine, and looking really good.

"Hello, Kat, what'cha up to?" He inquired politely.

"Well" I answered sweetly, "Just picking up a few things for dinner."

Now my mind was working overtime, after all, Frank was an attractive, fit, and if the rumor mill held out, single man. I decided to go out on a limb, so to speak.

"What do you have planned for dinner, Frank?" I asked flirtingly.

" I figured I was having dinner with you, Kat" His laugh held a cool, rich, infectiousness, and I laughed along with him. This was going easier than I had anticipated. 

"Oh, you did? Well, you're right. I hope you like chicken stir fry."

"And is this dessert?" he asked as he hefted my cantaloupe in his big hand.

"Well, yeah" I hinted, "unless you'd rather have something else?"

The eyes are the mirror to the soul, and I could see images in that mirror that made me shiver in anticipation.

"Well, I'm really not much for cantaloupe" his eyes bore into mine, shedding light on his statement.

I just smiled, and inside I was thinking, mm-hmm, I know what you want.

"That's okay, I'm sure I can come up with something else," I proclaimed lightly, yet we both knew what would really be for dessert, or so I thought.

"How about I meet you at your place in a couple of hours?" he asked, "I got a few things to do at the moment."

"Great, you remember where I live?" I knew that he knew, but had to ask anyway.

"Yeah," he chuckled, "How could I ever forget that big party you threw after your divorce?"

I just laughed and told him I would see him in a couple of hours. I took my cantaloupe from him and left him standing there staring. 

I had thrown a big party when my divorce was finalized a few years before and I had invited everybody I knew. My friends had stuck by me through the 6 grueling years of marriage to my former husband, and after I caught him in bed with his brothers wife, I kicked him out of our house and told him to never come back. He didn't fight me, and three months later when everything was over and done, I had the biggest party this county had ever seen. Frank and his wife at the time, Janet had come along with a hundred other co-workers and friends. Janet and I had never really been friends, she was not from around here, and it never seemed that she wanted to fit in. I had known Frank almost all of my life. He had ran around with my older brothers. I figured him to be about five years older than my thirty something years.

I was remembering all of this as I drove the fifteen minutes to my house. I prepared everything for dinner and figuring I had about forty five minutes before he arrived, I decided on a long sensual shower.

Slipping my jeans off, then my panties, I stood and pulled my work shirt over my head, followed by my bra. Throwing them all in the hamper I ran my shower water. Getting the water temperature just right, I stepped into the tub.

The water was hot and pelted my body in a hard yet stimulating way. I loved a good hot shower, and I wasn't disappointed. Taking a shower always made me so aware of my body, and reminded me just how much I loved it. Careful not to get my hair wet, I stood beneath the shower head running the soap all over me in a slowly erotic way. I was paying really close attention to the 'sensitive' spots. Closing my eyes I let my hands wander around, going at their own pace, finding those spots and touching them, nudging them, gently waking them. I pretended my hands were Frank's, and as they found their way to my breasts I pictured Frank's hands holding them. I could feel him tweaking my nipples, pulling them and twisting them gently.

I heard myself moan softly as one hand traveled down my tummy to find the treasure buried below it. Fingers carefully spread my love lips, and one of them found my eagerly waiting clit hard and expectant. My attention now focused on the gentle manipulations being produced by the hand pretending to be Frank's. I could feel more fingers rubbing my little clit, and soon they increased their tempo, raising me to greater heights.

The hand which was buried between my legs worked me into a sense of elation rather quickly and I climaxed in a shuddering, joyous orgasm. .

Water was cascading upon me, still very hot, and ran in rivulets down my arms to my hands. I loved to watch the fine stream upon my body which the water produced, and thought of them as tiny rivers that are cleansing my soul. Feeling the tensions leaving my body, I finished with my shower before the water had a chance to beat me into submission.

I decided on a deep red silk blouse, which helped accentuate my dark brown hair and eyes. I slipped on a pair of black slacks to accompany the red blouse. I seldom, if ever, wore shoes in my house and didn't bother with them tonight either. I quickly applied some mascara and some lipstick, then deemed myself ready.

There was a knock on the door shortly afterwards, and as I opened it, I was aware of the transformed man before me. Gone was the Stone Distributing cap, the blue chambray work shirt and the Levis. In there place was a handsome man with every dark hair neatly in place, a light green button down shirt, a pair of gray Dockers, and Rockports. I stood and stared. I'd never seen Frank in anything but casual work clothes, and, I looked him over tonight in a state of awe.

"Do I get to come in?" he asked, breaking the silence.

I stood back to let him enter, watching every move he made as he stepped around me. I couldn't get over how great he looked, and was hoping he couldn't read the excitement that had to be written all over my face.

"You want to put on some music while I finish up with dinner?" I asked, wanting to get the dinner part out of the way to make room for tonight's dessert.

"Sure. Is this satellite radio?" He asked as I nodded my affirmation. 

I went to the kitchen as he busied himself with my radio.

It took me less than ten minutes to do the stir fry and I already had the salad and bread ready to go. I put everything onto the table, then stopped to listen. I could hear soft music coming from the living room, and stifled a giggle as I thought of big, macho Frank Stone putting on easy listening. I was glad not to hear country though, and stifled another giggle at this thought. I turned to walk into the living room, and was surprised to see Frank leaning against the door jam watching me, smiling.

"I just want to know what's so funny, Kat?"

"Well" I was caught, darn it, "I, uh, sometimes just think funny thoughts."

This seemed to satisfy him, because he softly chuckled and sat down at the table, watching me. I joined him and we ate in relative silence, with an occasional question here and there, have you seen Jim, have I seen Delores, yada, yada, yada. Small talk, I hated it and the uncomfortable

feelings which it produced. I was glad to be done with dinner, and Frank helped me to clean up and put things away. I got to wondering just what had happened between him and Janet. He seemed like such a great guy.

We retired to the living room couch, and the silence followed us. 

"Kat," he blurted, then softly, " You look very beautiful tonight."

I looked at him, speechless, which is uncommon for me, and smiled. Finding my voice, I politely thanked him, and wished that I could have found it in me to say more.

"Will you dance with me?" he nearly whispered as the Righteous Brothers Unchained Melody came on the radio. I love the song so much and relished the thought of being close to Frank. I shook my head yes as he stood and pulled me up to him. We moved to the center of the room and he took me into his arms, pulling me tightly to his body as we started moving very slowly to the music. Unhurried in our movements, taking in the beautiful song playing for us, each of us were caught in our own reverie.

The song ended, only to be replaced by The Moody Blues, Nights In White Satin. Our movements became slower yet. I felt we were barely moving, as if our feet moved centimeters at a time. I looked up into Frank's eyes, and the look I was met with would have melted steel. His mouth came down upon my own, capturing my lips in a sensually slow kiss. The music played on in the background, but I couldn't hear it. I was totally focused on Franks tongue as it made it's way into my mouth.

My head was reeling, yet the moment seemed to stand still. I was so caught up in this wonderful kiss, someone could have dropped a bomb next door and I wouldn't have heard it. Frank had the most awesome tongue and I loved what it was doing inside of my mouth. His hand came up to gently cup my breast, his fingers massaging. I was in heaven. The kiss seemed to last hours yet, I knew it was mere seconds.

Frank pulled his head back and looked into my eyes. He must have liked what he saw there because soon he was kissing me again. His mouth slowly made it's way down my neck as I buried my hands in his hair, kissing the top of his head.

The music played on forever, sending sensual messages to our souls. I felt an intense high that I'd never felt with my ex, the soft, sexy music surely heightened the effect. I felt swept away and close to losing control as my desires raged inside of me.

Frank's mouth left a fiery trail burning it's way down my breast. His kiss smoldered against the silk of my blouse. His fingers found my top button, and deftly undid it. He kissed my lips again, as his fingers made their way lower to the next button, and then the next. I felt my blouse being lifted from my shoulders, and I shrugged out of it, not breaking the kiss. 

My arms went back up around his neck, my hands back to his hair, as we continued our slow sensuous dance.

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door, so rudely interrupting our kiss. I gave Frank a blank look as he asked me if I was expecting anyone.

"I'll get it, if you want" he said as he strode to the door. He threw the door open and then stepped out, lightly closing it behind him. I grabbed my shirt from the floor and started to put it back on as the door opened up and Frank stepped back in followed by another man.

"Kat, this is Jesse. He works for me in the warehouse."

I had seen Jesse around, but never really knew him. He must have been in his mid to late twenties. I used to run into him all the time down at the local market, making a delivery. I had often admired his tight ass and nicely proportioned body. Plus he kind of stood out with his light brown complexion, short cut hair, and striking eyes. He was one of the few black men I'd ever seen with such beautiful hazel eyes. I had heard rumors of him being gay, but then there's that rumor mill thing again. I just thought that if he were gay, well, what a waste it would be for me. He was definitely one hot property.

"Hey, Jesse, nice to finally meet you." I smiled, yet thinking to myself, I'll get you for ruining my evening.

"Yeah, Kat, same here" he smiled politely.

I gave Frank a kind of what's up look, wondering what was truly up. He smiled and motioned for me to follow him into the kitchen.

"So, what's going on, Frank?" I asked, still perturbed at being interrupted, and just a little irritated at the smile on his face.

"Kat," sighing as he said this, then grinning as a thought entered his brain.

"How would you feel if I shared with Jesse?" 

"What do you mean share, share what?" I asked, confused.

"You, Kat." he stated as my mouth hit the floor.

"You're not serious, Frank....Are you?" I was unsure if he was joking or not.

Stepping up to me, he took my face in his hands and kissed me.

"I am very serious, Kat. We would like to make love to you."

I couldn't hide the smile on my face, it just wouldn't stay away. I just looked at Frank, as I was thinking to myself, self, you've been wanting two guys at once, just go with it.

"Okay Frank, this might even be fun."

Frank just laughed and kissed me again. His wonderful lips told me how much fun I was going to have.

We returned to the living room to find Jesse waiting with a relaxed smile on his beautiful face. He came up to me and kissed my mouth, his sensuous lips parted mine as his hot tongue entered. Instinctively I put my arms around him, returning his passionate kiss. It excited me greatly to know that Frank was standing close, watching everything.

Frank stepped closer and started once again unbuttoning my blouse. His fingers found and undid each button with the utmost care, as Jesse continued to kiss my lips. Mixed emotions assaulted my senses as I realized there wouldn't be any way to convey these feelings at a later date. I could feel Frank's hands as the last button was undone and he pulled my blouse away from my skin. His mouth touched my bare shoulder and slowly kissed it's way up to my neck. 

Jesse broke our kiss to find the opposite side of my neck with his lips. He trailed hot burning kisses down to my shoulder, making me shudder with excitement. I was feeling so worshiped at the moment, on a high so enormous it made my head spin. I had never been kissed by two men at the same time, and I was loving it.

"Let's go to your bedroom" Frank whispered in my ear. He took my hand and led me down the hall and into my room, Jesse hot on our trail. 

Frank eased my blouse the rest of the way off, and then unsnapped my bra. He pulled that off gently as well. Jesse's hands ran down my tummy, and found the snap to my slacks. He unsnapped them and slid them down my legs along with my panties, sitting me onto the bed as he crouched down to pull my legs out of them. Feeling Jesse's lips kissing my calves set me on fire. I had never even kissed a black man before, let alone anything like this. His tender lips lovingly adored every inch of me from my feet to my thighs, kissing and licking every little spot on the way.

Frank sat next to me on the bed and kissed my shoulder once again. His mouth slowly worked it's way down to my right breast. He planted small wet kisses all across my chest from breast to breast getting me wet with his saliva and making me shiver in anticipation. My hands found the back of his head and held him. My fingers so gently made their way into his hair, and slowly combed through his thick strands.

Jesse quit kissing my legs and I looked up at him questioning why. He smiled as he took off his shirt, revealing a smooth tight chest. He wasn't rippling with muscles, but he was in very fine shape. I couldn't see an ounce of fat on him. Wow! I was still in a somewhat state of shock that these two attractive men were mine for the evening.

I watched Jesse's every move as he slid his jeans off and smiled at his happy face bikini briefs. I couldn't help noticing the huge bulge in those cute little briefs he was wearing. Frank quit his pleasuring of my breasts to watch with me, as Jesse undressed.

"Do you like his body, Kat? Do want his cock?" Frank whispered into my ear, never taking his eyes from Jesse.

"God, yes, I do," I sighed, then giggled nervously.

Frank kissed my ear, taking my earlobe between his lips as he nibbled. Pleasurable sensations ran up my back, making me shiver once again. Sensing my nipples hardening, Frank lowered his head and caught one between his teeth. He bit down hard enough to get my attention, and I kissed his forehead, watching as Jesse slid off his briefs.

Jesse had one of the nicest cocks I had ever seen. It was bronzed and big. I'm no expert on size but I was guessing it to be around eight inches and really thick. I gave myself goose bumps in anticipation.

Frank stood up and started to undress. I had wanted to unbutton his shirt and totally undress him myself, but, I could do that some other time. I was too preoccupied at the moment to care.

Jesse stepped closer to me, and I reached out and touched his stomach. I felt him draw in a quick breath as I lightly traced my fingertips down his happy trail to his waiting cock. The tips of my fingers worked their way up his shaft and lightly traced the head. I could tell he was holding his breath, so I continued with my explorations. I reached down with my other hand and gently cupped his balls, slightly tickling them. I heard him curse softly as I moved my head to take the very tip of his cock into my mouth. 

I knew when Frank had finished his undressing, when his mouth returned to my breast. I let go of Jesse's balls and put my hand in Franks hair, loving the feel of it. 

I slowly licked Jesse's cockhead, my tongue swirled it's way around it. I could feel every variation, every vein. I was so intent on Jesse that I hadn't noticed that Frank had given up on my breast. 
