 "Are you sure about this?" Amanda asked me. "This is our last chance to turn back."

I had to stifle a laugh. During the past year, my wife had slept with a multitude of partners with my full consent. I had thoroughly encouraged the extramarital trysts because the mere thought of her fucking other people aroused me to no end, but, more importantly, it made her happy.

Despite that, however, Amanda still always approached me with trepidation whenever another opportunity arose. Our open marriage was definitely an odd and wicked situation. Although it somehow worked for us, she still felt compelled to obtain my approval first before entering the arms of another partner.

I loved my wife so much.

"Of course I'm alright with this," I assured her. "Have I ever said 'no'?"

"Well... no, you haven't. But I just wanted to make sure since you're not always present for the... festivities."

I grinned at Amanda's choice of words. "You've been gushing nonstop about Jimmy for months, so I want to see what all the fuss is about!"

Jimmy. 

He had been my wife's student intern for half a year. She had raved about him since their very first day together, and although it wasn't apparent to her at the time, I had always known where their relationship would lead. 

In bed together.

Despite being almost a decade her junior, Amanda had taken an immediate liking to Jimmy, and it wasn't surprising to me that the young man--or any man, for that matter--desired my wife. She was perfection, after all. And she had spoken glowingly about him like no other lover which, at times, struck me as peculiar. Clearly, my wife saw something different in Jimmy, and it wasn't just his age. For the first time since she began sleeping with other people, I grappled with jealousy. 

But Amanda's happiness was worth it.

Unfortunately, their time together was at an end. Jimmy's internship with my wife had finished earlier today, and he was relocating to New Hampshire next week for a new job. Amanda was happy that he was embarking on his career, and that she was able to assist him professionally along the way. However, I knew deep down inside that she was distraught to be losing him.

Amanda intended to send Jimmy out with a "bang", so to speak. And I was more than happy to be help. Not to mention, I wanted to finally meet the man who had captivated my beloved wife for the past 6 months.

I knew what we had to do with Jimmy. Fortunately, Amanda didn't require too much convincing. And although I could only imagine the bewilderment the young man must've felt when she presented him with our proposition, there was no doubt in my mind that Jimmy would agree. 

No man could refuse my wife.

Amanda and I currently stood outside the sports bar. We laughed and kissed, holding each other tightly as our mouths remained pressed together for a long time. The taste of her lips... the smell of her hair... the touch of her skin... it was always so easy to lose myself in her. But I pulled back even as I stiffened between my legs.

"Come on, let's not keep your boyfriend waiting."

We stepped inside.

******************************************************************************

The sports bar was already crowded. Amanda led me by the hand as we weaved our way through the masses. Standing alone in the back by a set of pool tables was a spry-looking young man. He sported his blonde hair neatly slicked back, which seemed befitting of a celebrity, and his muscular physique was apparent even under his baggy clothes and jacket. Most notably, I could notice his deep, penetrating blue eyes several table-lengths away.

I immediately knew the handsome young man was Jimmy.

My wife smiled broadly the moment she saw him.

"Well, he IS good-looking. I can understand why you've enjoyed having him as your fuck buddy... I mean, student."

Amanda made a rude sound before leading me over to him.

"Jimmy!" She greeted him happily. Then, in front of my very eyes, and in front of everyone in the crowded bar, she leaped into his arms and kissed him almost as passionately as she had kissed me just moments ago.

When Amanda stepped back from him, his smile quickly disappeared, and he regarded me warily.

In order for this night to end the way my wife and I had intended, I knew that I had to put her lover at ease immediately. Tonight was not about competition or being the alpha dog.

I extended my hand. "It's nice to finally meet you," I told Jimmy sincerely. "Mandy has been singing your praises nonstop! She's told me so much about you that I feel like I already know you."

Her former student shook my hand, but was still guarded. He was, after all, having an affair with my wife. "It's nice to finally meet you, too," the young man said slowly. "I'm Jim."

I was a bit surprised since Amanda had always referred to him as "Jimmy". Perhaps he wanted to keep that as her personal pet name for him? That was fair enough. After all, I was very protective of anyone else calling her "Mandy". 

Amanda took both of us by the hand. "Come on, let's get a table and grab some drinks. I'm thirsty!"

As the night initially commenced, Jimmy continued to remain cautious around me. I knew from my conversations with Amanda that our open marriage was alien to him. The young man kept glancing nervously in my direction, as if I were the jealous husband ready to exact revenge. Even when he spoke with Amanda, he would unwittingly keep one eye on me.

But I treated Jimmy warmly because I knew my wife genuinely cared for him. That, along with Amanda's soothing laughter and gentle touch--combined with a great deal of alcohol--quickly dissipated Jimmy's apprehension. Although he was still not fully at ease, at least he was now talkative and no longer tiptoeing on eggshells around me.

Near the end of the night, the three of us found ourselves playing pool. Jimmy and I stood to the side as it was Amanda's turn.

"3 ball, right corner pocket," she called, tapping the tip of her stick to where she indicated. She bent over to take the shot.

Our eyes were immediately glued to my wife's perfect ass. We stared until the sharp sound of the pool balls striking each other brought us back to attention.

Jimmy whistled. "VERY nice."

Amanda threw him a devastating smile, catching his double entendre and causing the young man to blush. She circled the table while chalking her poolstick, then sized up the balls before calling her next shot. My wife leaned forward once more. She was wearing a low-cut top, and her cleavage was on full display. This time, Jimmy and I weren't the only ones who noticed. Numerous men and women turned to stare and gawk at her, which was perhaps what Amanda's intention all along.

"So, Jim," I began conversationally. "When was the last time you fucked my wife?"

The young man had been staring down Amanda's shirt. He swallowed heard upon hearing my question, and carefully considered his response. Jimmy had been dreading a conversation like this, no doubt. 

"Late this afternoon in her office, right before we left for the day." He looked me in the eye and his demeanor was resolute. "She... we wanted to be together one last time."

I actually appreciated Jimmy's honesty.

I smiled and looked back at Amanda, who had just made 3 shots in a row. She had a look of concentration that was both adorable and sexy. 

"She's something, isn't she?" My eyes didn't waver from my beautiful wife.

There was momentary silence. "Yes, yes she is. Amanda is the epitome of perfection. You're a very lucky man. But then again, you already knew that."

Amanda was standing on the other side of the pool table and couldn't possibly have heard us. But she sensed we were discussing her and was staring at us with an amused expression. 

"I love Mandy beyond all comprehension. My sole purpose in life is to keep her safe and happy, in whatever way possible." I faced my wife's lover. "Can you understand that?"

Jimmy studied me. "I didn't at first. But I think I finally do."

"She cares about you a great deal."

That made the young man uncomfortable. "Oh? And, uh... how to do feel about that?"

"It makes me feel that I need your help to make my wife happy tonight," was my immediate response. Now was the moment of truth. "What do you think about our little proposition?"

Jimmy struggled for words as we both gazed adoringly at Amanda. She stood still and looked back at us with matching intensity. Had I been looking at Jimmy, I would've caught him blushing profusely with a painfully obvious bulge in his pants.

The young man finally sighed. "I care about Amanda a lot, too. In fact, I'm absolutely smitten with her." He suddenly lifted his head and stood to full height, making him look more confident and broad as he turned to me. "I've fucked your wife more times than I can remember, each time better than the last. Hell, I bent her over her office desk right before we clocked out of work. And, maybe you're going to punch me in the mouth for saying this, but I wanna fuck her again. So if what you're both proposing is what it takes...if you're both ok with it, and if it'll make Amanda happy..." He took a deep breath before finishing, "...then count me in."

Excitement coursed through my veins.

Amanda approached us with a raised eyebrow. "Is everything ok?" 

"It sure is." I smiled, but quickly turned serious. "Mandy, I think it's time we took Jim home with us."

Amanda beamed, and Jimmy blushed and shifted awkwardly.

"Come on, I'll chauffeur," I offered enthusiastically. "You two can get reacquainted in the back seat, and enjoy the ride home."

******************************************************************************

Amanda and Jimmy haphazardly threw their clothes back on as we exited the car and entered our home. 

Amanda peered around the living room. "Here or bedroom?" She looked eager, snuggled up against Jimmy's chest while he had one arm wrapped around her waist. The young man no longer appeared hesitant.

I considered her question. The living room was the site of our first gangbang, the event that had started us down this path [Chapter 1]. I couldn't be in this room without thinking back to that wonderful night, even if it did bring along some problems with it [Chapter 7]. But I realized we needed a more intimate setting.

"Tonight is a special night. Let's take Jim to our bedroom."

Nervous anticipation was clearly etched on Jimmy's face. "Lead the way."

I trailed closely behind them. Jimmy walked through the doorway, but didn't enter, as if our bedroom was sacrosanct.

After I ushered them in, they stared awkwardly at me, both unsure how to proceed. Perhaps it was the alcohol or the adrenaline, or perhaps it was because I had a definite picture on how I wanted this night to proceed, but I suddenly felt an odd sense of power and authority. 

Not wanting to lose momentum, I sternly ordered my wife, "Strip."

They looked at me in surprise, but Amanda quickly recovered. She walked to the center of the room, turned to face us, and slowly began to undress. I heard a sharp intake of air from Jimmy as we watched. Soon, my wife was standing before us clad only in her bra and panties.

Jimmy had obviously seen her in a state of undress countless times, but still stood in awe. 

I nodded towards my wife. "Go on. Touch her."

"What?"

"Touch her."

The young man looked at me with uncertainty, then at Amanda, who merely smiled and nodded. Slowly, Jimmy approached her with an extended arm. I could see the hard-on bulging in his pants. My wife had sucked him off several times in the back seat of our car, and I was, frankly, amazed that he could get it up again so soon.

Ah, the virility of youth, I thought humorously.

Jimmy's hand landed softly on Amanda's shoulders as they gazed deeply into each other's eyes. Slowly, he swept his hands forward and across her chest.

There was just something about watching another man touch my beautiful wife that was unbelievably erotic.

"Squeeze her breasts."

Jimmy complied with one hand, then with the other, enjoying 2 handfuls. "They feel so perfect," he breathed. "They've ALWAYS felt so perfect."

"Now turn around, Mandy. Show us your ass."

Amanda wasn't accustomed to my giving her orders like this, but her expression revealed that she was enjoying the game. She spun slowly until her toned ass was facing us.

"Give her a good spank for me, Jim."

To my surprise, the young man didn't hesitant. He raised an open palm and gave my wife a firm slap on her behind.

Amanda turned back to look at us with wide opened eyes. "Babe!" She exclaimed in surprise. "Jimmy!"

I chuckled. "Oh, but we're just getting started! And I'm enjoying this WAY too much. Jim, finish undressing my wife, please. I'm sure you want to see her naked as much as I do."

Amanda's nipples and bare clit were already erect as he eased her out of her underwear, tossing them over to me. I placed the bra neatly aside, but held up her panties by the waistband and stretched them, exhibiting the large wet spot in the crotch area. Amanda blushed in embarrassment. I took a long sniff of the dank fabric, savoring the smell of her essence, before placing them aside, too.

"Mandy, your turn to return the favor. Make our guest comfortable and get him out of his clothes."

Amanda was radiant in her element. I had been planning this game for days and wasn't sure how she would react, but all my fears were quickly allayed. 

We were going to enjoy ourselves tonight.

After my wife practically tore Jimmy's clothes off, he erection was finally free and quivering in the air, begging for stimulation.

"You know what to do."

"Meaning?" Amanda asked in feigned ignorance.

"Meaning, get on your knees and suck his cock!"

Jimmy had known where the night might lead, but he was still trying to deal with the reality of the situation. "Omigod! Oh, fuck!"

My wife dropped to her knees and wrapped her hand around his stiff cock, looking up at him angelically.

"Omigod," he moaned again as she began stroking him in a long, heavy motion.

"That's right," I said soothingly. "Take it nice and slow... that's good... Mandy, make him hard for you... good... keep him nice and stiff... that's it... now show me how he likes it!"

"Yes, sir," Amanda uttered drily before smoothly ingesting Jimmy's cock. 

The ease and familiarity with which she swallowed him was not lost on me. I watched my wife appreciatively as she happily blew him right before my eyes. It was such a lovely sight to behold, and I felt my own cock stiffen immediately. 

"Omigod!" Jimmy cried yet again, this time much louder.

I chuckled. "She's a goddess on her knees, isn't she?"

"Fuck, yea."

Not wanting to interrupt Amanda's handiwork, I backed away. Pulling over a chair to sit an arm's length away, my eyes never strayed from them as I lowered my pants and began stroking myself. 

Amanda rivaled the most experienced porn star as her head bobbed expertly on Jimmy's rod. Her long silky hair whipped in the air and cascaded over her face, blinding her although she didn't stop. Jimmy was in complete ecstasy, but still had the decency to brush her hair aside and tuck the strands behind her ear. It gave me a clear profile of his erection disappearing down her throat.

My engorged cock with a hot, throbbing mass in my hand. "Don't forget his balls," I instructed. "Suck his balls while you jerk him off."

Amanda winked slyly and hilariously murmured an affirmation to me, her response made unintelligible by the fat cock in her mouth. But she then slid Jimmy's manhood out. It had elongated and expanded so much that I was actually in awe that she could even fit it down her throat! 

My wife quickly twisted her head and leaned in low, lathering his sac with her tongue before swallowing as much of it as she could. Dutifully, she grasped his slathered erection and began gliding her hand up and down its entire length with a twisting motion. Precum started to leak from my cockhead, and Jimmy was breathing raggedly and making strangled noises. 

"Deepthroat him!" I suddenly commanded my wife. "I want him to pierce your lungs!"

Amanda pulled herself off Jimmy's balls and made the sound of a hungry animal before deftly swallowing him whole, inching her face forward until it was flush against his crotch. 

Jimmy moaned, trembling from the wonderful pleasures that was being bestowed upon him as she my wife sucked and slurped. 

She was such a sight to behold that I wanted to stand and applaud.

"Amanda, my god..." Jimmy looked at me. "Your wife... she... Christ, this feels so good..."

I was striving to maintain a stern, authoritative demeanor, but chuckled as Amanda rendered her victim speechless. 

"Yea, dude. I know," I deadpanned.

Despite my wife devouring his cock, Jimmy still managed to shake his head and laugh. "You lucky bastard."

Amanda's suddenly snorted in laughter, then pulled away coughing and sputtering as she gasped for air. Jimmy politely waited for her to gather herself before cramming his cock back down her throat. Like the cocksucking expert that she was, my wife recovered just in time. Clearly, her former student was become bolder and, more importantly, she was thoroughly enjoying herself.

Soon, however, Jimmy began gasping and squirming frantically. Amanda and I immediately knew what that meant.

"I'm going to cum!" he cried. He shot me an alarmed look, as if cumming in my wife's mouth would be crossing the line.

This too perfect, I thought to myself.

"Don't make him cum yet!" I shouted at my wife. "Don't you dare make Jim cum!"

Amanda abruptly ceased her head motions. Jimmy's cock was still jammed down her throat, causing her throat to bulge obscenely. He was, however, already past the point of no return. Craving release, Jimmy seized my wife's head and bucked wildly, stimulating a surge of semen into her skull. He didn't let go as wave after wave blasted from him. The young man was uncharacteristically rough and relentless with her, which only heightened the lewdness of it all. 

Amanda was never one to back down, especially during sex, and she remained resolute under his onslaught. She attempted to swallow as quickly as he came in her throat. However, confronted by so much semen that even my wife couldn't handle, she finally gagged, a milky whiteness spewing violently from her nostrils.

There was a slick sound followed by a thick splattering onto our bedroom floor as Jimmy slid himself out of Amanda's mouth. He looked at me guiltily, but my eyes were locked on my beautiful wife.

The sight of her messy face and glistening body made me so hot, that I almost forgot to stay in character.

"I told you not to make him cum yet!" I roared.

"I'm sorry," Amanda apologized meekly. She was attempting to wipe the goop off her face, but her smile was too bright to be hidden.

I made a "tsk, tsk" sound as I shook my head sternly. "I'm going to show you what happens to very bad girls when they don't do what they're told." 

I crooked my index figure as a gesture for her to approach.

Amanda flashed me a curious look. We had, of course, roleplayed many times before to enhance our sex life, but I, nevertheless, wanted to keep things fresh and exciting, and deliberately tried to catch her off-guard.

Amanda slunk to the floor and sensuously crawled to me on all 4's. 

It was hard not to notice her perfect ass waving in the air, or how her magnificent breasts swayed as she moved.

Jimmy stood rooted in place and clearly didn't know what to do.

"Come over here, my bad little girl," I commanded, patting my lap. "You're going to get a spanking for making our young guest blow his load so soon."

"Yes, sir."

"What? I didn't hear you."

"Yes, SIR!"

Amanda's every little move-- the sway of her hips, the subtle twisting of her body to accentuate her curves... was calculated as she slithered onto me and knelt over my lap in subjugation. Her motion was smooth and serpentine, like a lithe dancer moving with unmatched skill.
