 Dedicated to TR. 

***** 

I moaned as I ejaculated into my wife. 

Amanda felt so warm and firm--- and her hair smelled enticingly fragrant--- as I clutched her against my chest. After a long moment of blissful dozing in the wonderful afterglow, I sighed and eventually rolled onto my back. My wife remained laying on her side. Spooning was one of the few positions she could comfortably tolerate during sex anymore since she her belly was rapidly expanding. And with it came our hopes and dreams... our happiness. 

Our son would be arriving in just a few short months. 

It was strange to think of ourselves as parents. There was an certain freedom that Amanda and I enjoyed as a childless married couple: we had entertained numerous sexual partners in our open marriage. But now our life was changing, and my wife and I realized that we needed to start treading on a straight and narrow path for the sake of our child. 

It was an easy tradeoff. Sure, we had long been a slave to our libido, but more than anything Amanda and I longed to be parents. We wanted to be surrounded by a multitude of children and grandchildren... and, hopefully, greatgrandchildren someday. 

My wife kissed me and murmured, "I'm going to wash up." 

With a moderate amount of effort, she rolled out of bed. I stared as she stood still for the briefest of moments to gather herself. Almost 7 months pregnant, her body had undergone significant changes, the most obvious one, of course, being her expanding belly. It appeared to have grown exponentially during the past few weeks. 

There were other expected changes, too. Amanda's face was noticeably swollen but still flawless to me, and her perfect 34C breasts were significantly engorged. Likewise, her distal extremities were retaining fluid, causing her frequent pain, especially in the mornings. 

It was the unseen, intangible changes that I had been fearing. I couldn't even begin to fathom the discomfort a pregnant woman had to endure, and anticipated that my wife would be constantly tired, irritable, and nauseous. As her husband, I was resigned to the assumption that I'd be bearing the brunt of Amanda's irritability for the duration of her pregnancy. 

Perhaps it was my ignorant, short-sighted, caveman way of thinking, or maybe Amanda was just lucky, because she didn't suffer of those symptoms badly, save for some mild nausea during her first trimester. 

Even if that hadn't been the case, I don't think Amanda would've let anything slow her down too much. Despite being so late into her pregnancy, she was still working and involved in her usual physical activities, like going to the gym as often as she could. 

Fortunately for me, Amanda's sex drive was greater than ever! We had an amazing physical relationship to begin with, but now we were engaging in sex--- no, she was demanding it--- incredibly, even more now than before she was pregnant! Sure, we had to experiment with different sexual positions since her enlarged tummy didn't allow for traditional missionary anymore. 

But that was part of the fun. 

In fact, my wife wanted it rougher and harder than ever before, much to my delight and trepidation. Naturally, I still loved being physical with Amanda in bed. However, in the back of my mind, I was always fearful of injuring the baby despite knowing that he was extremely well insulated inside her body. 

The most surprising aspect of Amanda's increased sex drive, however, was her new thirst for cum. Despite all the brutal and depraved sex acts she had performed on me throughout the course of our marriage, as well as on her multitude of lovers, the first time my wife ever swallowed was when she was about 5 months pregnant! Prior to that, I always had to abide by the "no fly zone", which prohibited semen anywhere above her neck. That, of course, included no swallowing or even ejaculating into her mouth, whether it was during a blowjob or when I pulled out during vaginal sex. Strangely enough, Amanda also developed a weird craving for salty foods right around the time she started swallowing cum, food she never even liked before she became pregnant. 

Perhaps it did all make some sort of sense, I thought humorously. 

I was still staring adoringly at my wife when she cleared her throat. "You always make me nervous when you get that stupid look on your face." 

I looked her naked form over. Once, not that long ago, Amanda possessed the most toned, sleek physique of anyone I had ever seen. Lingerie models and bikini models had nothing on her, she was the most beautiful thing I had EVER laid eyes on. Now, Amanda's entire body had undergone a marked transformation. Her face and extremities were swollen, and her belly had expanded enormously as she carried our son inside of her. 

Amanda was never more beautiful than she was at this very moment. 

"I just can't get over how sexy you are, Mandy." 

My wife blushed girlishly, and her freckles appeared to darken. 

Oh, those freckles. How they always turned me on... 

She complained, "I feel like a bloated cow." 

"Funny, you don't look like one. And you still fuck like a pornstar." 

Amanda shook her head in exasperation and waddled into the bathroom, but I noticed the smile on her face. As I heard the shower begin to run, I laid back heavily in bed and reveled in a sense of exhilaration that exceeded my usual happiness. I was married to the most perfect woman in the world, we were secure financially, and our son was on the way. But most importantly, Amanda and the baby were completely healthy. I couldn't ask for anything more. 

My life was perfect. 

As I always did when I was happy, I thought about Amanda. She had left me only a moment ago and was merely in the next room, but I missed her already. I could detect her lingering essence: the scent of her hair, the warmth from her body that was still emanating from the blanket and sheets. 

I wanted her back in bed with me. 

My penis was already stiff as I remembered something. Reaching for my cellphone that was on the adjacent nightstand, I scrolled through some old pics that were saved in a very special folder: pics of Amanda during intimate moments and in very provocative poses with her lovers. Her naughty sexual history was contained here, from the very beginning, her first gangbang [Chapter 1], to the most recent, our weekend getaway with our sexy neighbors Brandy and Scott [Chapter 12]... and everything in between! I had taken the majority of the pics myself, as it was a thrill beyond all reasoning to watch her make love with other people; some were snapshots that Amanda had taken herself when she was alone with her partners, fucking and sucking them. 

My wife was always willing to add to the obscene collection of pics that I kept of her. 

I stared at a particular picture of Amanda with her breasts and face smeared with red spaghetti sauce and cum. "Philip," I muttered absent-mindedly [Chapter 3]. 

There were, literally, hundreds of pictures stored on my cellphone. As I flipped through them, I stoked my raging hard-on. I was on the verge of climaxing when Amanda reentered the bedroom, a towel wrapped around her body. 

"Omigod, what are you doing?" She added a rude comment before adding incredulously, "Did I not give you enough? Are you still horny?" 

I chuckled sheepishly and stopped masturbating. "No, no. You satisfied me alright, Mandy. I was just looking over some old pics, that's all. And I, uh, couldn't help myself." 

"What old pics?" 

I presented my cellphone to her, and she took it. A nostalgic smile creased her lips as she scrolled the files. I observed her without comment. 

"My god, I forgot you had these on your phone. Everything here, it feels like it happened so long ago." 

I nodded in agreement. "A lifetime ago." 

Amanda returned my cellphone to the nightstand, and laid her head on my chest. "I can't believe how crazy and stupid we were when we didn't have to worry about..." 

Her voice trailed off and she became silent. I stroked her hair. "I always had fun watching you," I told her softly. "Always." 

"I know, babe. And I always enjoyed performing for you. I love you for what you did for me... for making me happy... for allowing me to experiment and explore. And for trusting me." I suddenly felt my wife shaking, and for a moment I thought she was crying. It took me a moment to realize that she was laughing, much to my relief. "We had some fun moments, didn't we?" 

I kept my voice neutral as I asked, "Do you miss it?" 

Amanda's response was immediate. "I do. I know I shouldn't... but I do." A split second later, I felt her tense, and she instantly lifted her head and regarded me gravely. 

"No," was all she said. 

"What?" 

"Don't even think about it." 

"Mandy, I have no idea what you're talking about." 

She punched me in the shoulder. "I know you, and I know how you think. Promise me that you won't surprise me ever again." 

"Surprise you with what?" I asked innocently. 

"Oh, let's see... with more gangbangs... or threesomes and group sex with your friends. And please, no more setting me up on dates!" 

"Of course." 

"I mean it, babe. Our son will be here very soon, and we need to be on the straight and narrow. We talked about this, remember?" 

"Of course," I repeated. 

"Good." Amanda's stern expression softened, but not by much. "You've made me horny again, damn it," she complained petulantly. "Come do your job." 

"Yes, ma'am." 

As I made love to my wife once more, all I could think about was how badly I wanted her to be safe and happy. 

***** 

In the weeks that followed, Amanda began to slow down. The baby dropped, giving her tummy a decidedly pointed appearance, but causing her low back pain as well. Unfortunately, my wife also suffered other issues, including more swelling in her extremities, hip pain, and an overall discomfort all throughout her entire body. 

I couldn't convince Amanda to begin her maternity leave early, she was too invested in her career and line of work. Luckily, Glenn, who had been her supervisor for several years and, equally as significant, one of her first lovers [Chapter 2], always looked out for my wife. He happily accommodated her with a reduced schedule and lighter workload. 

Amanda still went to the gym several times a week to maintain a level of physical activity, but she was no longer meeting with her running group every week, much to Bryan's dismay [Chapter 6]. 

Fortunately, my wife still possessed her insatiable sex drive. 

I was calmly waiting in our living room when she arrived home from a trip to the gym. She had gone with her coworker Krysten, a cute skinny blonde who, along with our neighbor Brandy, was one of my wife's closest friends. In the past, I had frequently pleaded with Amanda to invite Krysten into our bedroom, but she was never able to tactfully ask her friend to sleep with me or have a threesome with us. 

Amanda walked into the house clad in a bright pink tank top and heathered-gray yoga pants. They were maternity clothes, but clung to her curvy body in an extremely flattering way. 

"How was the gym?" 

"Good," Amanda puffed. I didn't know if she was spent from her workout or fatigued from the typical strain of pregnancy. Most likely a combination of both, I surmised. "It felt really good today." Then she frowned wistfully. "I wish Jansen was still there, though. He was always a great motivator." 

Ah, Jansen. He was a disgustingly handsome hulk of a man whom I had met at the gym some time ago, and convincing him to have sex with my wife was easy. He was one of Amanda's favorite sex partners, and possessed arguably the largest cock she had ever seen [Chapter 4]. Amanda had slept with Jansen several times, but he had, unfortunately, disappeared from her radar. It was a pity since his size satisfied her in ways that no other man could. 

But there were other men to take Jansen's place. 

"Why don't you wash up and relax?" I suggested mildly. 

My wife looked at me suspiciously, detecting a trace of nervousness in my voice. But feeling hungry, exhausted, and achy all over, she merely nodded and began stripping. She struggled to peel the top over her head, and I immediately went over to assist her. 

"Here, let me help." I grinned as her swollen breasts popped into view. "There's nothing I love more than undressing you, you know that?" 

"Even when I look like this?" Amanda asked in a small voice. 

"Especially when you look like this. You're sexier than ever." Amanda hugged me close, and we touched foreheads, our personal sign of affection. "C'mon, I'll draw a bath for you." 

We headed to the bedroom. As she gathered clean clothes from our walk-in closet, I veered into the bathroom and began running the water. When my wife reappeared, I assisted her into the tub. 

"Why don't you join me?" 

I sighed inwardly because I really wanted to. "I can't," I replied, keeping my voice casual. "There're some things I need to take care of." 

Amanda raised an eyebrow because I never turned her down for anything. "Oh? Like what?" 

"I made a complete mess of the house while you were gone, and meant to clean up before you came home. Don't want you falling or tripping over anything." 

"Thanks, babe. You're always so thoughtful." 

I gave her a grin. "Just call me when you're finished. I'll come back and help you out." 

My wife smiled gratefully and soaked herself into the warm water, leaning her head back on the edge of the tub. Her belly breached the surface, and the concept that there was another lifeform in there was extremely profound to me. 

I hurried out of the bathroom and got things ready. 

***** 

"Hey, babe. I'm ready to come out." 

I rushed into the bathroom a split second later with a fresh towel. I extended my hand, and Amanda grunted in exertion as I helped her to her feet. Water cascaded down her naked, swollen form as she wobbled. The later stages of pregnancy had, among other things, affected her equilibrium, and it took my wife a moment to regain her balance while holding onto my hand. 

"Easy, take it slow." 

Amanda sighed. "I will be so happy when this is all over!" 

I chuckled as she stepped out of the tub, and my heart started to race as I wrapped the towel around her. I had to focus to keep my hands from trembling. Following my wife back into the bedroom, she went to retrieve her new clothes which were folded neatly on the bed. 

"Hold on, Mandy. Let's go to the living room first." 

Without giving her an opportunity to think or even respond, I ushered her towards the living room, stammering vague responses. Before we entered, Amanda finally stopped me. 

"Babe, what are you doing? I need to get dressed!" 

I gazed at my wife with a level of severity that wasn't apparent a moment ago. My voice was soft as I asked, "Do you trust me?" 

Amanda's eyes widened and her jaw dropped as she staggered back a step. I had only ever asked her that question once before, not that long ago, when... 

She shook her head, not quite so much in horror as it was in pure shock. "No," she breathed. 

My wife kept backing away, but I quickly grasped her hand. "It's ok, Mandy." 

"Oh, babe... you didn't... please tell me you didn't." But she already knew the answer. 

"I had to," I confessed, feeling suddenly helpless. "I just want to make you happy." 

"I can't! We can't! Not anymore. We promised each other, remember?" Fear, anger, and sadness all tinged her voice. 

"Yes, you can! One last time before the baby arrives. It'll be like before, only better. I promise!" 

Amanda closed her eyes. Her initial reaction was to throttle me, but she smacked her forehead with her open palm instead. "Omigod," she muttered helplessly. 

I hugged her close. Even though we were alone, I whispered in her ear, "I would never put you or the baby in danger. You'll both be safe, I swear to you." My wife didn't appear completely convinced, so I tried a different approach, one that worked before. "Tell me you don't want this as much as I do." 

"Even if I did, I don't want to hurt the baby!" 

"He'll be fine, Mandy. Dr. Morningham said you're still okay to have sex, remember?" 

"I don't want to risk it! Besides, what man will want to touch me right now? I look like a fat cow!" 

That was the farthest thing from the truth. 

"Amanda," I began gently, using her full name which I seldom did. "The little guy will be fine. And never mind that the guys love you for who you are, just like I do. You look even sexier now, and more beautiful than ever! I wish you would believe me when I tell you that. We all feel the same way." 

My wife was still glaring at me, but I could tell she was excited and curious. 

Neither of us could hide who we were. 

"I can't believe I'm even asking this, but... who did you invite this time?" 

I laughed evilly, and knew I had her. "Why don't you step into the living room and find out?" 

"Babe, I don't know..." 

"I love you, Mandy... you and our baby." 

I led her inside. 

****** 

There were several men lounging around in our living room, most who had been present for our first gangbang [Chapter 1]. Some were seated on the couch while others paced nervously. However, they all stood up attentively when Amanda and I entered.  

My wife instantly recognized the 5 men who were anxiously waiting for her. She did, after all, have a sexual history with each of them. 

"Oh, Glenn," she sighed, her voice sounding pained. 

Glenn stood up from the couch and gave a weak wave. "Hello, Baby Girl," he greeted my wife using his pet name for her. 

In his late 50's, Amanda's boss was about 2 inches shorter than her, and possessed a salt-and-pepper graying to his short hair and stubble. Being an outdoor enthusiast like my wife, he was thin and fit. Glenn, of course, had been in love with Amanda from the very moment he met her, and while their relationship was not sexual at first, they were close from the very beginning. Their coworkers jokingly referred to Glenn as Amanda's "work husband", and Amanda as his "work wife". 

The irony was not lost on me. 

With my blessing, Amanda and Glenn carried on an affair for months. To say that it a dangerous undertaking wasn't an exaggeration, highlighted by the fact that 2 violent coworkers had discovered their secret workplace romance [Chapter 7]. My wife did not ever obtain, or even seek, preferential treatment from her boss, but there were other complicating factors: Glenn was married with 2 daughters, one who was actually older than Amanda! 

My wife eventually ended their trysts, and they returned to a strictly professional working relationship, although that was much easier for her than Glenn. Regardless, a career-threatening scandal had been avoided, albeit with much pain and suffering for both parties involved. 

A tall, wiry but muscular man with a shaved head stepped forward next to Glenn. He was licking his lips and openly leering at my wife like he always did. 

"Hello, gorgeous. Let me just say, it's goddamn great to see you naked again. We need to stop meeting and fucking like this! Ha, ha!" 

Bryan was in Amanda's running group. Prior to her pregnancy, she had trained with them several times a week, culminating in much longer runs on the weekends. It was during one of these longer weekend runs, on a secluded trail, when he had fucked my wife, alone, for the first time [Chapter 6]. 

Bryan was, to put it mildly, a disgusting slimeball. To the casual observer, it may have appeared as though he intimidated my wife since he constantly harassed her, openly hitting on Amanda and fondling her whenever the opportunity presented itself. 

But I knew better. 
