 I got home early as usual. Then I got another call from my wife. 

"Take a good shower," she said, "then go to our closet and follow the instructions."

My dick jumped in my jeans immediately. I immediately stripped and went into the shower, making certain I was clean and ready. It was all I could do to resist the urge to masturbate. I went to the closet, and I have to admit, I was just a little disappointed. It was the same instructions as before. I was to dress up in her panties and bra and nightgown, with a wig she had, then lie on the bed and wait for her. She also mentioned again that once I heard the car in the garage, it would be several minutes before she entered the house. I got dressed as she asked and lay on the bed. 

It was soon after that I heard her arrive, with the same 10-15 minute wait. As I heard her coming down the hall, I had a moment of panic. It sounded like a second person was with her. Would I be embarrassed? Had she forgotten? The door opened and there was my wife, dressed not as a man, but in a rather revealing nightgown with nothing on underneath. That wasn't the surprise. Behind her was Gale, the cable guy, smiling. 

He knew what to do. He stood me up and pushed me against the wall, and I could feel his nice long hard cock pushing against me. 

"Kiss me, Hon." 

He kissed me. I kissed him back, out tongues touching. He and my wife pushed me to my knees. 

"Suck his cock."

I unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans. I pulled them down, along with his undershorts. Gale's nearly perfect cock sprung up. His cock was down my throat quickly and he was fucking my mouth. Then my wife dropped to her knees beside me and joined me. We took turns sucking Gale's cock and balls. I could feel my cock pulsing.

Soon, my wife had slipped off her gown, revealing her luscious tits. 

"What's next?" I asked. 

She didn't disappoint. She went to the bed, spread her legs.

"Come here." She pushed my head between her legs and I immediately began eating her pussy, which was already wet. I was on my knees, having forgotten about Gale or my attire. As I enjoyed my wife, I felt a set of strong hands pushing up the gown and pulling down the panties I was wearing. I felt Gale's tongue licking my hole and I shivered as he did so. His tongue was so hot. As I continued to eat her pussy, he licked me like no one had before. Soon, I was so ready for anything he could offer.

Suddenly, I could feel a lubed cock was rubbing against me. As I tried to maintain my concentration on my wife, Gale was rubbing his cock up and down my ass. He was driving me out of my mind, with the hot head of his cock every now and then touching my hot hole. He would alternate his cock with his skillful tongue, getting me wet. 

Suddenly, he grabbed my hips and pushed his cock against my hole. I braced myself, knowing how big his was. He pushed in a little and I moaned. More and more, he pushed himself into me. I yelled out, first in pain, as he finally buried his cock deep in my ass. Suddenly, I was moaning in pleasure. Gale was fucking me and it was better than the strap on my wife had used on me. It was hot. 

Gale was not gentle. He pushed his hot cock in and out of me. His thrusts were so painful and pleasurable. I soon felt his cock twitch. Gale was getting close. When it finally happened, it was indescribable. Gale was cumming inside me. I could feel his hot cum squirting in me. Several times, I nearly lost contact with my wife's pussy, his orgasm was so violent. I felt his hot cum in me as he finally rolled off me onto the side of the bed, his heavy breaths turning me on. 

Before I could catch my breath, my wife spoke. 

"I want your cock now," she said. I slid into her as she moaned in pleasure. 

I knew nothing could stop me or slow me down. I began to fuck her wet pussy. I arched my back, feeling it coming on. I began to cum, and I could feel her pussy grab my cock as she came as well.

We were both cumming, laughing and moaning. 

Gale was laughing too. 

"See," he said, "no need to break anything. Just call me."