 Eyes full of sleep, Julie picked her watch up from the bedside table. It was just after 8. Familiar noises suggested Dan was already up as usual. She heard the muffled click of their door being pulled to and guessed he was heading off on his Saturday morning run with Craig and Brian. A tap shortly after on the next unit's door and Craig's quiet goodbye to his girlfriend confirmed she was right. 

With Dan off for the next hour or two, it was time to get ready for her regular Saturday breakfast with Amelia. Step one was loosely tying a silk robe about her naked body. Step two was grabbing the still warm croissants Dan would have bought at the bakery less than ten minutes ago. Lastly, she looked at her sleep-tousled mane of tawny hair in the bathroom mirror.

Making the usual decision not to do anything at all with it, she duly padded round to the next door unit and knocked. Aah, she thought, the aroma of percolating coffee! She put a sympathetic hand to the yawning mouth of the similarly unkempt leggy girl in the short white nightie who answered. A minute later they were seated out on the balcony tearing their croissants apart for buttering. 

---

The three months that she had known the young poet seemed longer. Like Dan, Julie's photo was now in her memories book, a small album of photos she kept handy to thumb through in moments alone. 

She recalled the first time she met Amelia. It was the day after returning from a year of hiking alone through Europe, a rare impetuous decision made right smack dab in the middle of her twenty eighth birthday bash. Not having seen Dan since that party, her second bit of impetuosity had been knocking unannounced on his door straight from the airport looking to crash until she could find a place of her own. 

Julie had woken in his spare bedroom the next morning just after dawn to two faint voices on the other side of the wall. When different noises replaced them, she knew a couple were starting out to make love. She needed a coffee. Wrapping the warm quilt about her naked body, she tiptoed out to the kitchen. 

As she switched off the boiling kettle, she heard noises suggesting Dan too may be stirring. She got out a second mug out for him and used her free hand to drop in one of his herbal teabags for when he emerged. 

Clutching her snug quilt, she took her coffee out onto the tenth floor balcony to take in the glorious city views. The noise of the glass door of the balcony next door suddenly sliding made her start and look over. Through the potted shrubs marking the divide, she made out the back of a vivacious naked female in the doorway trying to back out, tugging the hands of an unseen man inside in a bid to get him to join her. 

Julie watched with amusement as her long light brown hair swung, the ends dusting the small of her bare back. With a dogged plant of her shapely legs, she gave one final yank. He reluctantly yielded and emerged, also naked. They both came unknowingly into Julie's full view just two metres away as the young woman backed him to the rail and pulled his pale behind to her. 

A long tender kiss later, Julie watched him ease away from her flawless body and her large pink-nippled breasts point free. Resting her cute round behind against the brickwork, she cast mischievous eyes down and began laying out his lengthy flaccid penis into her palm. Tuning out, he ignored her fun and started gazing over her shoulder at the view. As Julie watched, the young woman started lovingly stroking it as though it was a huge pet grub, now and again fingering or lifting the greyish mushroom-like tip.

He soon became short with her attentions. As he went back inside, the girl turned around to check the view and spotted Julie. Julie was surprised when she didn't squeal out in embarrassment and race straight in after him. Instead there was a warm hi and an infectious smile all over the beautiful face as her stunning nude neighbour came over to the navel high brick divide. 

As they exchanged names, Julie took the offered hand, holding fast to her quilt. She immediately realised just how intimate she had instantly become with both Dan's neighbours when she felt the stickiness on the girl's palm and fingers. 

During the exchange of pleasantries, Julie found it hard to ignore the shapely bare breasts and the slightly stiffened pink nipples. If Amelia noticed her glimpses, she didn't show any signs at all as she invited Julie for a coffee in the downstairs café in an hour and asked her to bring along some of the photos from overseas she'd mentioned.

They both looked over Julie's shoulder when the glass door there opened again.

"Julie. That's Craig," Amelia had dutifully announced. All eyes had turned to the young man now in pyjama bottoms putting a tray with orange juice and glasses on the table. As Amelia excused herself and scampered over to him, Julie turned and went inside. 

"So, you've met the young honeymooners next door," she'd heard Dan's comment from behind the half open door his bedroom. She noticed his unused cup and put the kettle back on. "Not that they're married as far as I know or can tell. I hope they were on their best behaviour and clothed at this hour of the day."

She didn't answer. Still unable to erase the lengthy penis from her mind. she used her free hand to convey the steaming mug to his bedroom. She was quite randy and thinking she might stretch out into her own room and fix that before the coffee date. It had been a long while since she'd had sex. They both started when she pushed the door wider and Dan turned around naked, his work clothes neatly laid out on the made queen size bed. 

A surprised Dan saw her gaze instinctively drop. Julie found herself staring at the detail of her second large cock in just five minutes. Chivalrous, he calmly took his hot mug from one hand and put it on his bedside table as she fought to a losing battle to retain the lost quilt with the other. 

Within seconds, she was on his floor, long legs spreading and Dan falling between them. Both her hand and his began fighting one another to guide the swelling erection to her damp opening. 

She was still here in his unit six months later enjoying the best sex she'd ever had. Dan was as quiet and caring as she remembered. He was in the last throes of quitting the job he'd had since leaving university seven years ago. He'd only moved to this part of town a year ago and had been living a solitary single life since. His occasional letters to Julie in her travels had hinted how unsatisfying he was starting to find the job he had once enjoyed. But since she moved in, he had regained the personal happiness she remembered him having, especially on the day he had agreed to marry her nine years ago. She had put the reception photo closer to the front of her memories album; the one showing two of them laughing as she tried in vain to unbutton his starched collar.

At coffee half an hour later, she and Amelia and she had instantly become fast friends, inadvertently bringing Craig and Dan together for their one mutual interest - half-marathon running. Both women worked either side of the dividing wall on their writing, and shared free time together on one or other balcony, at a café or at the nearby beach.

No prude, Julie found herself constantly being tested by Amelia. The young poet was an unabashed free spirit, producing an outlandish list of sexual things at one café lunch that she desperately wanted to try out in the near future. She pointed to Number One and declared it her major obsession, making Julie look at the faces around. They'd just heard it would be a shame to waste an asset like Craig's schlong while he's around. That statement had made Dan's eyebrows raise when, as usual, she told him the whole story that night in bed.

Julie smiled to herself as she remembered their first Saturday breakfast at Amelia's. She'd got all dressed up and had wondered if Amelia had forgotten it altogether when she had opened her door with nothing more than a robe on and clearly straight from bed. On specific request from Amelia, she had been happy to adopt the same level of informality from the next time on. 

Then there was the suntanning. Amelia's first invitation to bring a towel around barely a month had ended with her standing with the two towels at her feet having her brief bikini untied by the insistent naked girl. The next time, she'd taken it off there by herself to avoid the fuss. Last Thursday, it had got to the stage of her daring herself to calmly walk nude between their doors with her towel in hand, to Amelia's delight. 

There was never any physical contact between them though. Until yesterday that is. They'd gone to the beach early to get in an hour's tanning before the day got too hot and the midday crowd arrived. 

After doffing their tops, they both made their bikini bottoms like G-strings and lay out on their chests, occasionally raising their shoulders to look about.

Donning sunglasses, Julie had been the first to flip but only by a minute. She kept her top off. There was only the young married couple sitting nearby. From the bits and pieces of talk that drifted over, the pair could hear her resisting his attempts to get her to take her own bikini top off.

Both young women had glanced across as she loudly spat out "I don't care whether they are or not. I'm happier like this thanks. They're probably lesbians anyway". Sulkily snatching her magazine up, she lay down and turned her back to him and them. Knowing they had heard, he tried to take the venom out of her words by grinning good-naturedly at the pair and giving a resigned shrug.

"What a bitch getting stuck into us!" Julie heard Amelia mutter behind her head. "And he seems like such a nice guy, the poor bastard," she added as he gave them a helpless palms down with a second shrug.

Julie lifted her head and blew him a kiss as consolation. He smiled and checking his wife was still fuming, blew them both one back. Julie waved again and lay back.

"Lesbians?" she heard Amelia murmur. "Stay right there, Julie. Don't move a muscle! I'll show her lesbians." 

Julie thought she was getting up to confront the wife as Amelia's rolled towards her. She was still watching him and softly repeating "Poor guy" when she saw Amelia's hand come over and a long finger begin suggestively lingering over the breast closer to him. He looked around to check his wife's back and mimed a good-natured laugh with a thumbs-up. Slowly, Amelia had lowered the finger and had begun skating its tip around the brown flat aureole, eliciting another happy thumbs-up.

The tingling beginning inside Julie was very pleasant but she was surprised when Amelia persisted, enticing the eraser-like bud in the middle to start growing. When a fingertip began to play with the swelling tip, Julie watched his face as he eased down onto an elbow to watch. She could see his expression suggest he was seriously engaged when Amelia bent and shifting her long hair back began softly licking it. 

"Time to go," Julie announced hastily, sitting up and grabbing her T-shirt, unsure how far Amelia might be willing to take this spectacle.

---

This morning though, something was troubling Amelia. There were long uncharacteristic periods of silence and the young poet wasn't her usually hearty eater. 

She guessed it had a lot to do with Craig's announcement. She had never said anything to Amelia but Dan and she had been aghast when he'd told them all last week at the café that he was leaving to go over and do security work in Afghanistan for six months. Not just going, but in just two week's time. 

She and Dan were stunned to realise they were getting the news at the same time as Amelia. There had obviously been no discussion beforehand, and the only reasons he could give was the sheer adventure of it all. 

Julie knew that Amelia wasn't in love with Craig. Like Julie, he had come for a night and stayed. On the occasions the two women had compared their relationships, Amelia had admitted that only the sex made her keep around. Julie personally thought the beautiful young woman was too good for him. She found Amelia's lover a strange mix. Sober, he could be quite affectionate and caring at times. Often drunk though, he usually became either aloof or angry, swearing a lot at Amelia and arguing. 

Dan had a quiet theory that getting drunk was the only way Craig could cope with Amelia's appetite for sex. As the couples had got to know one another better, a strong mutual liking had grown up between Dan and Amelia too despite him being six years older. Amelia candidly admitted she envied the lusty love life she occasionally faintly heard coming through her bedroom walls or out to her balcony. On two occasions, she had confided to Julie that Craig would be perfect if he was half as caring and affectionate as Dan.

Amelia was the only woman that Dan had ever commented on as far as looks went. Julie wasn't jealous though. But Dan had said or done nothing since that could give her cause, and was still constantly telling her how beautiful her face and body were. 

"You once said I could talk with you about anything," Amelia had finally murmured. "May I talk about something very personal, to do with Craig?"

Julie smiled and nodded reassuringly.

"You remember last week me asking you for ideas of a special treat Craig and I could share on his very last night together, after our meal out with you?"

"Sure," Julie quietly nodded. "You had hinted you had something in mind, but you were still thinking about it if my memory is correct."

"Well, I decided to go through with it last night," the attractive young woman stammered. "But the treat I've chosen is to be mine more so than his."

"What?" Julie asked. 

"You remember Number One on my wish list," Amelia answered as she rose from the table, staring earnestly at Julie. Her jaw openly dropped as her friend continued. "The idea's from a DVD he bought us three months ago. It caught both our attention. I want to feel him doing this to me last thing tomorrow night." 

Julie followed the beckoning Amelia into the lounge room, and looked at the TV as the remote control clicked. "Please promise you won't think I'm awful," she heard. The girl had turned and almost bashfully buried her face into Julie's chest as she watched the monitor, utterly fascinated.

"Promise," Julie assured her, a close-up of a blindfolded naked actor on screen breathing in and out. She was naked on her back, laid out along a table; legs bent, long hair hanging down. 

A naked well-endowed man eased into shot. Immediately feeding his erection into her mouth, he started pumping her face as she let him deep-throat her. Five minutes later as his orgasmic grunting ended, Julie felt a shaking Amelia flick it off just after a woman's head had lowered and begun working between the blindfolded girl's spread thighs.

"Are you saying you want to do that with him?" a surprised Julie asked softly. This was adventurous for a young person of twenty five. "I've seen Craig, remember. He's a big boy. Are you sure you're up to it?"

"I think so," came the quavering but sure answer. "And I've been practising, trying to stop the gagging reflex by trying to swallow more and more of a cucumber. Julie, this has become an obsession of mine. I'd love to do it even if only once, and I know he's bound to enjoy it. I'm really nervous but I have to try it before he goes. And if something happens to him, I'll have a film of someone I fancied sharing this fantasy with me."

Julie's jaw silently dropped at the last bit. Filming? Amelia was full of surprises this morning. She was obviously quite resolute about going ahead. But why was she telling her? There was a short pause before the answer came.

"I'll need help. He'll probably be tipsy that night. While he waits outside for his surprise, would you set up the camera on the tripod and help me get positioned exactly like her," came the reply. "I really want this to be as enjoyable as I can since my feeling is I'll only do this once in my life." 

Relieved at the simplicity of the request but still a little in shock, Julie nodded.

"This is the really hard bit then. You've seen us both naked. Would my closest friend stand next to me and hold my hand right up until he's finished?" the unexpected twist came. "You'd be fully dressed. Craig's a man and I know he'd think it would be hot with an attractive girl watching him perform. It's just I may need some reassurance, especially early on."

Dan was wide-eyed by the time she had re-told her story on his return. 

"Are you sure I can't hold her other hand?" was his quip when she added that under the exceptional circumstances, she'd agreed. 

---

The restaurant meal was excellent, but Craig was guzzling the champagne. He was in a little trouble back at the units getting out of the taxi. 

Julie got Dan to look after Craig in the master bedroom while they went to the lounge room and set it up. Once she was undressed, Julie helped her up onto the table. 

"Are you OK?" she whispered to the pretty young woman as she nervously sat there. She looked so young and innocent for what she craved to be done to her. There was a firm nod back. Julie kissed her gently on the forehead for good luck.

"Shall I let him in now?" she murmured. Amelia gave another nervous nod. Julie watched her slide on the blindfold, lean back and wriggle until she was comfortable, her long hair nearly cascading to the floor, head flung back over the table.

Heart in her mouth, Julie quietly opened the door and called out for Craig. There was no response so she excused herself and darted outside. After a few urgent words with Dan, they tried to steady the groggy Craig. But right at the door, Dan had to let him lean on the wall and suggested they wait a little. 

"God, she really wanted to do this. Too bad she chose him. He mightn't be up to it," her frustrated voice hissed at Dan, adding "Can you sober him up? She's really has her heart set on doing this tonight. It's become really important to her to act this fantasy out."

Racing back inside, she readied the camera and took the shaky hand. 

"Are you still OK?" she whispered. The hand felt so cool and she could field Amelia's level of excitement as she nodded. "Any minute now," Julie added, desperately hoping Dan could solve the situation.

"God, I'm scared but at the same time, I really want this," she heard the pretty lass reply.

Julie saw the door open and the man's hesitant entry. Looking at her while stripping off his clothes, she knew Dan had found a way to come through. She watched the naked body approach and look over the sensual blindfolded offering laid out before him, then down at the upturned chin. 

Julie almost felt strange and voyeuristic as she saw him aim the familiar long erection. She heard herself coaching: not too quickly, gently. 

She gave the back of the hand a gentle rub as the mushroom like tip hovered near her closed mouth and touched against the full lips. 

With tiny paces, she witnessed him slowly inch the end of his meaty penis into her mouth. Julie flicked her eyes up to the intense masculine face. A look of adoration and excitement shone from the downcast eyes. Pleased, her gaze returned to the upturned mouth taking more and more of his masculinity in. 

As though taking a pulse, Julie put her fingers on the top of the delicate feminine throat below. She could feel the thick cylindrical lump entering just under the skin, inching its way down the delicate throat between pauses. Julie had a scare when with just two inches to go, Amelia's free hand uneasily rose. 

He stopped his slow invasion and waited. When the hand relaxed and fell back, he cautiously fed the rest. In awe, Julie felt the progress of the noticeable lump stop halfway down the slender throat as his pubic hair feathered her lips.
