 My wife and I have always had a great relationship, in every sense of the word. We had, until this time, only been with each other sexually. We met one summer and everything clicked. We dated for a couple years before we got married, after we both finished college. Though we fooled around while dating, our wedding night was the first time we had intercourse. And the second time (the first time was a disappointment) we screwed, later that same night, we came simultaneously. 

I had shared my fantasies about threesomes many times when we were having sex over the years, but I never really believed that it would happen. That all changed recently. After a few too many drinks for both of us, my wife asked me if I had ever fantasized about being with a man. Though my threesome fantasies had involved a woman, I found myself telling her I had, and with very little encouragement from her, that night we had anal sex with me pretending she was a man.

Much to my surprise, a few weeks later, my wife called from work and told me to go to her closet to find some written instructions behind the door. I was to dress up in her panties and bra and nightgown, with a wig she had, then lie on the bed and wait for her. I was intrigued and did so. She also mentioned that once I heard the car in the garage, it would be several minutes before she entered the house. She had another surprise for me. She arrived and about 10 minutes later, I heard her enter the house. She opened the bedroom door and I nearly jumped out of the bed. In jeans and a loose dress shirt was not my wife, but a very nice looking man who could have been her twin brother. My wife had strapped down her tits and I could see a noticeable bulge in those jeans. She stood me up and pushed me against the wall, and I could feel a nice long hard cock pushing against me as we kissed. She pushed me to my knees and had me unbuckle the belt and unzip the jeans. I pulled them down to reveal a pair of men's boxer briefs, outlining a hard cock. I pulled the briefs down to see a nearly perfect cock and balls strapped on her. Before I knew it, that eight inch cock was down my throat and she was fucking my mouth. I was so turned on, but she was not ready to let me get off just yet. 

She pushed me face down on our high bed with my legs on the floor, raised up the gown, and pulled off the panties. Here I was, with my legs spread apart and my ass in the air. Before I could prepare myself, she put her tongue into my ass and lubed me up with it. Then she put that cock in my ass and proceeded to give me a good fucking. Though hardly recovered, I finally got up, finished undressing her and myself, and we had the best sex we had ever had, exclusive of that second time on our honeymoon. As we lay there cuddling afterward, she sprung the final surprise on me. Would I like to try that threesome for real, with a man. Though I was reluctant, my cock jumped to attention again and our next round of fucking told her my answer.

We still had cable, though nearly everyone else had gotten satellite or dish. In the past, she had mentioned that the cable guy, a mutual friend, was rather cute and had a great build. She also mentioned that she had caught him checking her out on a past call. Her plan was to call him at home and ask if he could come over and take a look at a problem we were having with the cable signal. That way, she knew he wouldn't have any other calls and would be all cleaned up after work. I took care of the wiring in the basement, to be certain that the cable would have a problem, albeit a small one. We both showered, anticipating the evening. I drove my car a few blocks away and parked it. Then I hid in the second bedroom, after having planted a camera in the basement so I could watch the fun. 

Gale arrived as planned and she took him down to the basement. She made a point of telling him I was out of town until morning. Sure enough, he was able to find the issue, and as he squeezed behind the tv to fix it, my wife leaned forward to give him a good show. She was wearing tight yoga pants to show off her ass and a loose, off-one-shoulder t-shirt to show off the rest. He immediately noticed her still sexy tits. He was uncomfortably moving around, trying to repair the problem while getting an eyeful and trying to hide an ever-growing erection. The tv was immediately repaired and he stood in front of her, trying to make small talk, but really watching her closely. She pulled her t-shirt over her head, smiled, and dropped to her knees. Gale needed no more encouragement. He undid his pants and dropped them and his shorts to the floor and she started sucking his cock hungrily. She stopped and gave me my cue. "Let's go upstairs to the extra bedroom," she said. 

She jumped up and wearing only her yoga pants, went up the steps. He nearly fell over his pants getting up and pulling them up enough to follow her, watching her ass on every step. I was hiding in the closet as she entered and lay on the bed. Gail followed and dropped his pants and pulled off his shirt. I could see she was right about his body and I caught a glimpse of his hard cock, at least 7 inches long. On the bed, he started licking and biting her pussy through the pants, but he soon pulled them off her and was eagerly eating her pussy. As she spread her legs and pulled herself up further on the bed, he got on his knees between her legs and continued eating her. By this time, I was hammering my cock, not only because of her, but I was getting a good look at Gail's muscular ass and his nice hole. By this time, my wife had rolled Gail over onto his back, his cock at the edge of the bed and his feet on the floor. She straddled his head and he kept eating her. 

That was my cue. I crept over, got between his knees, and took a mouthful of his hard cock. He jumped and nearly bucked her off, looked at me with a mouth full of cock, then put his head back down, smiling. My wife obliged by climbing back on his face. We were all so horny that I knew we must do something fast. I stood up with my hard cock in my hand. My wife got Gail's head on the pillows at the head of the bed, straddled him again, then pulled his feet into the air. I put my hard cock on his hole and slid in. He moaned with my cock in his ass and her pussy in his mouth. Within a few thrusts, I started to cum, moaning loudly. My wife was cumming from his tongue and he started to cum on the three of us. We all collapsed on the bed and each other. After we recovered, he laughed and said that next time, I didn't need to mess up the cable. Just call. Perhaps the next time, he said, it would be his cock in me.