 Background...

My name is Mateo, but almost all my American friends and family call me Matt. Even my Mother, a beautiful Latina who was swept off her feet by my American father when he arrived in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico in the early 1950s. When the war ended, Dad took advantage of the GI bill to get his undergraduate degree, but he always dreamed of becoming a doctor. Coming from a relatively poor background with no family ties to any of the major medical universities, he was about to give up on his dream when he and one of his fellow GI buddies from college decided to visit Mexico on a lark. 

While he was in Mexico he met my mother, Carolina, whose father happened to be a well respected doctor. Through Don Mateo, my grandfather, Dad learned that Mexico had a severe shortage of doctors and the government was willing to provide him a free medical school education and accreditation with a position guaranteed at a prestigious hospital in Mexico. The rest, they say is history.... and it has no bearing whatsoever on the story I am about to tell. 

This is a story about the love of my life, Sofia. Like my Mother, she is a beautiful golden haired Latina whose ancestors were among the earliest Spanish settlers in Mexico. Like me, Sofia was educated in the States, but chose to return to Mexico to pursue her career in fashion retailing. Sofia is not my first real love, nor am I hers. Through a combination of events that occurred in our lives as we neared retirement age, we met and almost instantly clicked. It only took years for us to finally realize that, however. How we met and how we discovered each other is not important to the tales that follow. But it may help you understand that nothing about our past lives and current life in Mexico is ordinary.

Chapter 1- Sharing

He was going to share her tonight. The thought made his cock thicken in anticipation. It had long been a fantasy of his -- to see her abandon herself to all the pleasures that more than one person could bring her. Sofia had always given herself over so completely to sex with him that he was sure that more hands, more mouths, more tongues would only push her higher. 

He remembered the first time he had mentioned it to her. She had been tied to the bed and he had been teasing her with the vibrator... arousing her to the point of orgasm and then backing off... over and over... She had been squirming and whimpering with need when he had leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Imagine your nipples are being sucked as I am doing this. Two tongues teasing them to hard points while I play with your pussy." Her eyes had widened at the thought and she had drawn a sharp breath. He had continued to describe all the various ways in which she would be used to pleasure other men until she had screamed and thrashed and cum repeatedly in long shuddering waves.

The memories caused Mateo's cock to thicken further and he stroked it lightly enjoying the sensation of feeling it come alive. Yes, he thought, tonight that fantasy would come true for both of them. He heard the shower shut off and looked into the steamy bathroom through the open door. A bare leg emerged from the wispy cloud and poised on the edge of the dressing stool. Her toes were pointed and her foot arched as she balanced and leaned over to dry her leg. Her breasts brushed against her thigh as she did so and the sight was so excruciatingly beautiful that he felt a sharp jolt of desire course through his body. His hand tightened on his fully engorged cock and he had to suppress an audible moan. He watched, mesmerized, as she dried her leg and then stepped off the stool and perched the other one on the edge to dry it. Her back was to him and her exquisite ass, especially when she leaned over, seemed to be beckoning to him like an almost irresistible siren song. 

His hand was moving up and down his shaft in long strokes and he suddenly realized that if he did not stop he was going to cum. With an effort, he stilled his hand but continued to hold his pulsing cock tightly. She moved the towel over her body... patting... rubbing... caressing, it seemed to him... herself in a very careful and methodical way. When she raised her arms to dry her hair, her breasts were thrust forward and his mouth watered at the sight of her nipples. She brushed her hair and walked naked into the bedroom.

He was lying on the bed watching her. She looked at him, with his cock in his hand, and her eyes sparkled with the first light of desire. He let her enjoy the sight of his arousal for a few moments, then rose from the bed and walked to stand in front of her. She waited hands at her sides, for his command. 

"On your knees," he told her. Without hesitation she knelt before him. His cock was just inches from her face but she made no move toward it. He took her face in his hands and raised it so that he could look into her eyes. "Suck it until I cum in your mouth," he said. He pushed the swollen head against her lips and moaned aloud when she parted them and took him into her mouth. 

With his hands on her head, he began to thrust his hips sliding his cock in and out while she held it with one hand and gently kneaded his balls with the other one. He knew that he was going to cum fast this time, but he wanted to be able to last later so that he could thoroughly enjoy the fulfillment of the fantasy. 

Her lips and tongue teased him mercilessly and he groaned deeply when his orgasm hit him and he filled her eager mouth with his hot cum. She sucked hungrily at him and tried frantically to swallow as much as she could but some escaped her lips and slid down her chin and dripped onto her breasts. He shuddered and shook and held her head tightly in his hands as he emptied himself into her mouth. When the tremors finally subsided he opened his eyes and smiled down at her. She held his wet cock in one hand and licked the cum off her lips and was happy that she had pleased him. 

He helped her to stand and took her in his arms and kissed her deeply and passionately. He bent to lick his cum from her breasts. Her body, already aroused from sucking him, responded immediately and her nipples stiffened against his tongue. 

He slipped one hand between her thighs and his fingers easily slid through the wetness they found there. She moaned and pressed her body tighter to his and wiggled her hips to try and capture the probing fingers. But he teasingly moved them away and she fought to resist the urge to grab his hand and keep it there. Instead she let him lead her to the bed.

He moved her so that she was lying on the bed then raised her arms above her head and secured the restraints to her wrists. Again, her breasts thrust out and he paused to touch them lightly and stroked the nipples with his fingertips. She moaned softly and he could sense the growing arousal that was suffusing her body. 

He spread her legs and ran his tongue slowly from her ankles up to the top of her thighs, one after the other. Sofia had amazing legs. They were shapely and tan. And incredibly long. The kind of legs that begged a man to follow them up under a skirt until he found the prize between them. She squirmed at the touch of his tongue. 

When he was ready, he secured the restraint to her ankle. He then did the same to the other leg and stepped back to look at her. It was a breathtakingly erotic sight. She lay spread-eagle, secured helplessly to the bed, and flushed with an arousal that was making the tops of her breasts darken into a blush. It was as if he could see the desire lurking just beneath the surface of her skin.

The doorbell rang and he knew the man had arrived. Sofia looked at him. He could see the questioning look on her face, but he said nothing, merely smiled and put on a robe. He paused at the door and looked back her. She started to speak but he stopped her with a finger to his lips. "It is okay, my dear. Trust me." With those words, he left her alone... naked and tied to the bed. As he went down the stairs he imagined how her mind must be racing right now. He could almost see her straining against her binds and the thought caused his pulse to quicken. Stirrings of arousal were beginning again beneath his robe. He opened the front door and welcomed the man into the house. He then led him up the stairs and to the bedroom.

He entered first and she turned her head to look at him from where she lay on the bed. There was relief in her eyes at his return that quickly changed to surprise when she saw the man who followed him into the room. Mateo knew that she was feeling embarrassed at being so exposed to a complete stranger. He knew, too, that the restraints on her wrists and ankles were reminding her of her vulnerability at that moment. But he also knew that those feelings were being pushed aside by an excitement that was taking possession of her body. He could see it in the way her nipples stiffened and grew in size... in the way her hips twitched involuntarily... in the flush that grew deeper and spread over more of her skin. He could also smell a trace of her scent and knew that she was growing wetter between her outstretched legs. 

The man stood next to the bed, uncertain of what to do until Mateo nodded reassuringly and moved to the side of the room. He removed the robe and sat naked in the chair to watch the scene unfold. The man began to remove his clothing until they were all three naked. Three people -- him in the chair, her tied to the bed, the man standing next to it -- were all nude now and the air was thick with tension. The man looked at her, then at him again and when Mateo nodded his approval, moved onto the bed alongside of her. The man placed his hand on her thigh and began to stroke it. She pulled against the restraints and quivered with excitement. The man leaned over and took a nipple into his mouth. Sofia moaned and pushed her breasts up against his face. He had a hand on her thigh now and was moving closer to her pussy. When his fingers met there over her clit she gasped and jerked her hips. The man continued to suck her nipples and slid his fingers through her wetness. 

From the chair Mateo watched silently as Sofia descended into the realm of pleasure. It was overtaking her now and she was surrendering to it without restraint. The binds that held her physically were freeing her sexually. It was a process that never ceased to amaze and arouse him. Already, his cock was growing again. He watched as it uncoiled and filled with the blood that was being pumped into it. It felt so good to be hard and erect. He took it in his hand and pumped slowly as his eyes returned to what was happening on the bed. 

The man began to move down her body, kissing his way over her stomach to her mound. He knelt there and lowered his head to taste the sweet pussy that was straining to reach his mouth. Mateo's hand moved slightly faster as he watched the two of them. She was going to cum soon; he could recognize the signs. The man's tongue pushed deeper into her pussy, bringing her over the edge. Mateo's cock pulsed in anticipation of seeing the two of them cum at the same time. The thought had no more formed itself in his mind when he heard the beginnings of the scream he knew and loved so well. Sofia's orgasm was hitting her and she strained, almost violently, against her restraints. The man thrust his tongue and fingers into her pussy faster and faster and Sophia continued to cry out, as one orgasm after another shook through her body. 

When it was clear that the peak had passed, Mateo rose from the chair and walked to the side of the bed. The kneeling man withdrew from between Sofia's legs and rose to stand on the other side of her. His cock was hard as a rock, its tip wet and shiny. Mateo looked down at Sofia trembling on the bed. She was looking at him closely, clearly wondering what was next, but also clearly trusting him. He leaned over to remove her restraints and gently rubbed her wrists and ankles to restore circulation. He could tell from the indentations in her skin that her orgasms had been powerful ones and that she had pulled hard against the leather straps. 

He indicated that he wanted her to sit up on the edge of the bed, then he nodded at the man to move around to the same side and stand beside him. She did as he wanted and found herself staring at two very hard cocks just inches from her face. "I want you to suck them both," Mateo told her. Swallowing hard, Sofia reached to take one in each hand. Licking her lips, she leaned forward and tasted the man's wetness. Then she turned and licked her husband. She looked up at him and he nodded. She brought the two cocks together until the heads were almost touching and then alternated closing her lips over each of them. Each man placed a hand on the back of her head and urged her with their moans to take them as deeply as possible. She swirled her tongue around both swollen heads and was rewarded with the salty taste of precum. Her pussy began to clinch and twitch.

Both men alternated thrusting their cocks into her mouth for a while, then Mateo moved away and so did the other man. She was extremely aroused and it was clear they were too. Mateo got onto the bed behind her and lay on his back. "Get on top of me," he told her. She moved her body over his, swinging her leg over his hips. Her pussy was stretched open and aching but she waited for him to put his hands on her hips and guide them down so that his cock pushed up into her. As she settled down on it, they both moaned. She hung her breasts into his face and he sucked and chewed on her nipples. He moved his hips to thrust up into her, moving her with his hands. She sat up and pushed herself down as tightly as she could on him. She moaned again when she felt hands slide around her from behind to grasp her breasts. They were rough, calloused hands and she felt the man's lips on the back of her neck. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes and gave herself over to the feeling of the soft lips, the rough hands, and the hard cock buried deep inside her pussy.

Mateo watched and smiled as she lost herself in the pleasure and moved inside her slowly. Then he pulled her toward him again and held her there. He nodded and the other man knelt behind her and began applying lubricant to her ass. She started at the touch, but her husband held her close and whispered soothingly into her ear. He could feel her trembling but knew it was as much from excitement as apprehension. The man rubbed the gel all around her tight opening and tentatively pushed a finger against it making her moan. He then applied some to his cock and moved so it was pressing there. Slowly he pushed until the head was inside. He paused for a moment then pushed more and soon his entire cock was in her ass. 

Sofia was moaning uncontrollably now. The feeling of the two hard cocks inside her was unlike anything she had ever experienced before and an orgasm began building that she knew was going to be blinding in its intensity. Mateo held her against his chest and thrust into her pussy as the other man thrust into her ass. He could feel the man's cock against his own through the thin membrane inside her and he had to admit it was exciting him tremendously. The two men fell into a rhythm in which one of them thrust in as the other was pulling back so that she was subjected to a constant thrusting that was taking her to a place where she was certain she would simply dissolve into ecstasy. Suddenly it was upon her and she screamed and the world disappeared in a shattering crash and orgasm after orgasm shuddered through her. Hearing and feeling her cumming was too much for the two men and with shouts and groans they both thrust into her as hard as they could and filled her with their cum. Three bodies shook and trembled with the combined force of the orgasms that overtook them.

For several moments the three people who were joined lay breathing heavily against one another. She could feel the warm wetness of the two men seeping from her and she squirmed a bit to savor the feeling of the two cocks still inside her. But they were softening and when the one in her ass slipped out she couldn't help but be surprised by the emptiness she felt. Her husband turned her face to his and kissed her tenderly letting his lips linger on hers, sucking at the passion that was still there. More fantasies awaited, and soon they would become reality.