 I was in love with my best friend. Steph didn't know it, of course, but I had spent years longing to be with her and feeling frustrated that I wasn't.

Not that this meant I'd ever really tried to do anything about it though. She was my friend - a very good friend - and I didn't want to jeopardise that for something that might not work out and could ruin what we had. No, I felt destined to be stuck forever wondering what might be.

We met six or seven years ago at work when we began sharing a small office, and we hit it off straight away and began regularly going out for drinks and dinner together, seeing films at the cinema, and going to events. When Steph left our workplace, we stayed in touch every day and saw each other often, helped by the fact that we lived close together.

In all this time, despite my own feelings for her growing stronger every day, I had never really got the impression that Steph felt attracted to me. We flirted from time to time certainly, but only ever in a playful, friendly way, and there had never really been a moment when things felt like they could have gone further.

I hadn't let my love for Steph stop me from being in other relationships, and over the time I'd known her I'd been in a few relationships, as well as having had several more casual flings, but no women I'd been with had matched up to my feelings for Steph.

Steph was a big hit with the guys and always seemed to be dating someone new, in between longer relationships. She was always very open with me about which guys she was seeing, which did little to quell my sense of self-pity or my love for her. Sex, however, was different and she kept mostly quiet about anything that went on in the bedroom, though she always seemed to enjoy my teasing her about it, especially when it came to more risque stuff.

In almost every way she was my dream woman. Physically, she was a knockout. She had a pleasingly round face, with bright blue eyes and beautiful straight brown hair, which cascaded down past her shoulders. She was slightly taller than average, with long, slender legs and a gorgeous peachy arse. I had spent many a lonely night at home masturbating over the thought of her killer body and pretty face.

We always had great fun together, and we were never short of things to talk or laugh about. I could confide in in her and she in me, and we both knew the other one would always be there if we needed it. In truth, it was often like we were in a relationship, just without any of the physical aspects that I so longed to share with her.

One Friday night, however, that all changed, and not in the way I'd dreamt it might.

It didn't seem any different to a normal meet-up at first. Steph and I had arranged to meet at a bar after work, near to where we both lived. I found her outside and she beamed at me when she saw me approaching. More than anything else about Steph, I loved her smile. When she was happy she would light up the room as she grinned from ear to ear. Every time she smiled, I felt my feelings for her grow more intense, and this evening was no exception.

We went inside and spent the next couple of hours working our way through a few drinks and chatting about the events of the last week or so since we'd last since each other. As usual, I sat across from her and gazed into her eyes as she regaled me with stories of her new workplace and her annoying boss.

By 8:30pm, we decided to have dinner and then go for more drinks - with it being a Friday night, we weren't worried about having to sleep in tomorrow and so we got ready for a late one.

After eating, we moved on to another, more lively bar, and I bought some more drinks for us. We struggled to hear each other over the music but continued talking and joking as best we could with the volume. Steph seemed particularly eager that we enjoy ourselves and before long we were downing shots with a few people around us.

Before long, we were both pretty merry and kept shooting smiles at each other across the table, though we were now distracted by our new companions. I chatted with a guy who'd ended up sitting next to me and grew increasingly jealous as I watched another guy getting friendly with Steph.

After I don't know how long of drinking, Steph and her new companion came round to my side of the table.

"This is Sam," she said to me, introducing him.

He was a handsome looking guy, quite tall, and well-dressed with a scruffy looking beard.

"Hey," I acknowledged him, feeling suddenly resentful at the way he and his friends had interrupted my evening with Steph.

"Sam and I are going to get out of here and head back to my place," Steph continued.

My heart sank. In fact, it felt like it broke. For all I knew I had no claim to Steph, she had never been so blatant in heading off with a guy in my presence before. I felt upset and confused and angry all in one go.

"OK sure," I muttered, not really looking at them.

They picked up their coats and moved to leave. They were just disappearing out of the door when something flipped in my mind and I decided to follow them - not that I had any deeper plan in mind.

"Hey," I called after them, "I'll head back with you. It's getting late and yours is on my way."

"Cool," she said with another beaming smile.

Sam looked less than impressed at my presence, but the three of us continued and walked back to Steph's flat.

We were outside her block in about twenty minutes. Sam looked at me with a face that was telling me to go home, but, although I didn't really know what I was doing, I wasn't yet in the mood to clear off.

Sensing this, Steph said we should all go for a drink upstairs. Sam again looked furious but clearly didn't want to blow his chance at getting with such a gorgeous woman.

We opened a bottle of wine and the three of us sat down on Steph's couch. The conversation flowed rather less easily than the wine, but we whiled away another half an hour or so. I felt drunker and drunker, and I sensed even amid this that Steph was too.

I went to the bathroom. As I went about my business, I thought how pathetic I must look to them both. I longed to be with Steph more than I ever had done before, but she quite clearly didn't see me in the same way if she was willing to bring a guy back to hers before my very eyes. The game was up, and I should just leave and go home before I embarrassed myself further.

I left the bathroom and was going to head to get my coat, when I was stopped in my tracks by the sight of Sam and Steph making out on the sofa. They were kissing passionately and clearly hadn't wasted any time once I'd disappeared to the bathroom. Any lingering doubts I had about leaving evaporated and, feeling even more hurt, I made for the door, saying nothing.

I was just opening the door when I heard Steph's voice behind me.

"Don't go," she said softly.

I shut the door and spun round. They had stopped kissing, much to Sam's clear disappointment, and Steph was sat up on the couch and looking straight at me.

"I don't want to interrupt anything," I muttered in reply, confused by why on earth she'd want me to hang around.

Steph smiled. "You're not, silly. Now come and sit back down," she said, patting the space next to her.

I obeyed and walked back over to them, my mind swirling with a strange mixture of alcohol and social awkwardness, and sat down next to Steph.

To this day, I don't really understand what happened next but I'm so grateful it did happen. Steph turned to me, a beautiful smile spread across her face. I gazed back into her gorgeous blue eyes and she gazed back at me. I began to feel that same warm feeling of love for her that I'd felt a thousand times before, when she leaned in and began kissing me.

I was in heaven. Any confusion I felt should by this point have increased, but it disappeared. I felt like all my dreams were coming true as we made out lustfully. I didn't think about Sam, who was still sitting awkwardly on the other side of Steph; I just responded in kind and kissed Steph deeply. I wasn't disappointed - she was an incredible kisser, with just the right balance between sensual and passionate.

I don't know how long we made out for. By the time Steph finally pulled back from our embrace, I felt a pang of sadness, even more so when she turned back to Sam and began kissing him again in the same way. However, I could see where this was going and I didn't care - I was just so thrilled to be with Steph after all this time.

As she kissed Sam, Steph placed her left hand on my leg and stroked it softly, clearly trying to tell me she wanted me too.

She alternated between us several times, controlling the pace as the sexual tension grew and grew. None of us said a word. After what felt like hours of us fluctuating between the joy of making out with Steph and the frustration of watching her do the same with another man, she decided to take things to the next level.

Pausing after kissing me, Steph sat up on the couch and started to pull her top up. I was eager to help and together we soon removed it and threw it onto the floor. She wasn't wearing a bra and so I soon found myself looking at her cute little breasts as she smiled back at me again, clearly giving me my cue to play with them.

I didn't need a second invitation to do so and took her right breast in my hand and started massaging it before beginning to caress her other breast with my tongue. Steph, who had resumed kissing Sam, gently moaned as I pleasured her.

This continued for several more minutes, with Sam taking over from me when it was my turn to kiss Steph. But I longed for more. My cock was hard as steel, and I had every intention of making sure I didn't miss out on this opportunity.

With Sam now lapping at Steph's breasts, I decided to ramp things up as I made out with her again. Taking it slowly at first, I brushed my hand along the top of Steph's bare thighs and up to the border of her skirt. She took the hint and moved her legs apart, allowing me to snake my hand smoothly up until I reached her pussy, which was covered by a very damp thong.

I began to rub her clit gently through the fabric. Steph moaned into my mouth and we kissed more deeply, with her tongue and mine entwining. When she switched back to kissing Sam, I didn't stop rubbing her - much to his visible irritation - but instead shifted her thong aside to allow myself direct access to her pussy.

I fingered her clit some more but I was finding it difficult to angle my hand up her skirt and past her thong. Sensing this, Steph stopped kissing Sam for a moment and unzipped her skirt at the side before shifting it down her body and around her ankles. I made sure that her thong followed, and before long she was sitting there completely naked.

I drank in the sight of her gorgeous, nude body. She looked amazing - there wasn't an ounce of fat on her fit, athletic figure. Her legs looked smoother and longer to me than they ever had before, and her pussy was neatly shaved. I couldn't wait to explore it further, as well as to get a look at her incredible arse in the flesh.

Sam, who had also been starring at Steph's naked form, suddenly snapped out of his reverie and began kissing her again and moved his hand towards her now exposed pussy. Not wanting him to take over, I pushed his hand out of the way and resumed fingering Steph at pace.

She squirmed on the couch as I rubbed her clit more vigorously this time, pulling back from her kiss with Sam to let out a purr of pleasure. Her pussy was already soaking wet. I slipped two fingers inside her and curled them upwards before thrusting them in and out of her at pace.

Sam kept trying to kiss her again, but each time he did it only lasted for a second or two before Steph pulled away to cry out as I probed her with my fingers. Eventually, looking frustrated that I was in charge, he gave up trying and moved to caress her breasts with his mouth and tongue.

Being pleasured like this meant it didn't take Steph long to cum. A couple of minutes more of my fingering her pussy and Sam sucking on her nipples and she arched back on the couch and let out a loud moan as her release hit her. Sam and I both pulled back as she calmed down, still panting heavily for a while.

Again, no one spoke - we just looked at each other, with a clear anticipation and excitement at what more was to come. Steph took control once more.

"Stand up," she said softly to me and Sam.

We obliged, getting up off the couch and standing in front of her. Steph, still sitting down, began unbuckling Sam's jeans before pulling them down to the floor. His boxers soon followed, and his erect cock sprang free from its confines. Trying not to be too obvious, I cast my eyes over and was pleased to see that Sam, although not badly endowed, had a noticeably smaller cock than I did. I know it's slightly pathetic that I felt the need to compare, but Sam was clearly my rival for Steph's affections and not a sexual partner.

Steph looked up at Sam and smiled as she saw his cock, then she turned to me. Within seconds my trousers and boxers joined Sam's on the floor and my own cock - harder than it had ever been before - protruded in her direction.. She smiled again and took a cock in each of her hands, pulling us closer towards her.

We shuffled along the floor towards Steph, both of us slaves to her directions. Sam pulled his top up and over his head and dropped it on the floor, leaving him also naked. I duly did the same. Steph paused for a moment with our cocks hovering level with her face. She looked up at both of us again, with a broad grin painted across her face. Then, licking her lips, she turned towards Sam and took his cock in her mouth.

My disappointment that Steph had chosen to suck Sam's cock first was short lived. Though her oral attention was focused on him, she clearly hadn't forgotten me and kept my cock in her hand, wanking it slowly. At first I didn't know where to look, but I figured that we were already in deep enough that I didn't have to feel weird about watching Sam getting sucked off by my friend.

My cock grew harder still as Steph gently tugged on it and I starred at the blowjob going on right next to me, knowing that I was next in line for the same treatment. Steph sucked cock like a pro, lubing Sam's shaft with saliva and licking it all over before bobbing up and down on it. Sam murmured with pleasure - he was clearly enjoying himself, though unable to decide whether he should stare at the ceiling and save himself or take in the view of Steph giving him great head down below.

After what felt like an hour of lonely agony for me, Steph released Sam's cock from her mouth and turned towards me. Our eyes met and we smiled before Steph looked down to focus on my cock. My dreams of so many years came true as she took its base in her hands and ran her tongue all the way up its length. She repeated this motion several times, getting my cock wet with her tongue and caressing it all over. I moaned loudly, not longer caring what Steph, Sam or anyone else thought.

Steph sucked lovingly on my cock for several minutes, but it all passed too quickly and in no time at all she had switched back to sucking Sam. Whilst she kept one hand gripped on my cock, tugging it as she bobbed up and down on Sam with her mouth, I longed to have her focusing on me again.

Fortunately, she started switching more regularly between us and it wasn't long before my cock was deep in her mouth again. I looked down at her again, scarcely able to believe what was happening. She looked back as she swirled her tongue around the head of my penis before swiftly drawing her sweet lips down the shaft, all the while vigorously wanking Sam's cock with her other hand.

Before long, I could tell that I wasn't far off cumming. Although I knew my release would feel incredible, I was desperate to have sex with Steph and didn't want to miss my chance. As if she'd sensed this too, Steph stopping sucking my cock.

She stood up from the couch, still holding mine and Sam's engorged members in her hands, and said, "Let's go to the bedroom."

Sam and I said nothing but obediently followed her across the living room and through the door to her bedroom. Steph climbed onto the bed and knelt down on it before turning to the two of us standing nearby and giving us a come hither smile.

I moved fastest and positioned myself at Steph's rear end, eager to be the first to feel her pussy. Sam looked annoyed at first but soon relaxed again as Steph resumed her incredible cocksucking skills on him at the other side of the bed.

Taking my cock, which was wet with Steph's saliva, in my hand, I was about to guide it into her waiting pussy but stopped myself. I knew that having sex with Steph would be the culmination of every erotic thought I'd ever had and I wanted to make it last. If I tried to fuck her now, I knew it would be over too soon.

Instead, I bent down behind her, to where she was presenting her pussy in the clear expectation that I would probe it with my cock. Taking the soft, round flesh of her arse in my hands, I pulled her towards me slightly and began feasting on her sweet pussy.

Steph yelped with surprise, temporarily taking Sam's cock out of her mouth. I pressed my nose and mouth right up against her moist folds and worked my tongue around them and onto her clit. She groaned again as I began softly licking her most sensitive spot, rubbing my tongue and lips all over it.

Her pussy was wet and the attention it was receiving from my tongue meant it soon got wetter still. My face was getting messy as I pressed my mouth harder against her and strummed her clit with the tip of my tongue. Despite not being able to see them, I could tell from Sam's groans that Steph had resumed sucking his cock, though her response to my licking meant she kept pulling back from him to groan herself.

This continued for several minutes until Steph came again. I felt her pussy convulse around my tongue and I kept licking as she gasped loudly and cried out as her orgasm hit. But I didn't stop there: I carried on eating her out through several climaxes in succession. Eventually, Steph, who had collapsed onto the bed by this point, pulled away from me.

"I want your cock," she said softly, turning around to smile at me as she got back up onto her knees.

I said nothing in reply but didn't waste any time in giving her what she wanted. I knelt down behind her and lined my tip up with her soaking wet pussy. Grabbing her gorgeous, smooth buttocks in my hands again, I pulled her back towards me and impaled her on my cock.

Steph moaned as I pushed myself all the way in, my hips resting against her bum. Sam, who was again visibly annoyed that I was getting most of Steph's attention, took his cock and rubbed it against her mouth. She got the hint, and swallowed it greedily. Soon, the three of us had established a good rhythm, and Steph was being thoroughly spit roasted by Sam and me.

My cock felt harder than it had ever done before as I pulled it in and out of Steph's soft pussy. Even amidst the blur of sex and my drunken mind, I paused my fucking for a split second, as if to pinch myself and check that this was real. Here I was, balls deep in the woman I loved whilst she was giving a blowjob to a complete stranger - even in my wildest dreams about Steph, I'd never imagined this.

I knew I couldn't last forever, but was determined to give Steph as good a time as I could. I kept up a good pace, taking care to make sure that my cock plunged all the way into her and then came almost fully out before I fucked her again.

Steph certainly sounded like she was enjoying herself, occasionally taking Sam's cock out of her mouth when it got too much, or else murmuring on it as I pleasured her, which elicited moans from Sam in turn.
