 Sam has been my friend for years, I guess that I have known her longer than almost anyone. We met on the first day of Middle school; both of us were put in Mr. Moore's form class. From that first day we were inseparable. We went through high school together, passed our A-Levels in the same sixth form college and then went onto different Universities, the choices were hard, but we went for the places that had the courses that we wanted, and of course I had to go to a uni near to my home; I had my child by this time. We kept in touch and met up when we could. 

Both of us finished and received our degrees within days of each other, I went straight into work and Sam took a year out before hitting the real world. A year later she returned and came back a different woman, once a lass just for the lads, now she informed me she was bi-sexual. To be fair, up until that time I thought I was open minded, but I was horrified, first class MA students just didn't do those things, we both came from professional families, middle class backgrounds, this just didn't happen. 

I had to put that aside though and face it, Sam was still Sam and her lifestyle was her own and it didn't infringe on my life. 

Sam is a beautiful lady; she's shorter than me, with thick lovely long brown hair, a petite figure and a smile that sets the world alight, and apart from that she has the most wicked sense of humour in the world! We have fun and we share everything and that's why I have included her in this fantasy, we have never done this, and I don't think we would, our friendship is too precious, but it doesn't stop me dreaming. 

**~~**

The fantasy begins. 

We sat there for the moment shocked by what I had said, Sam looked at me with a look of horror. I guess now after all these years I had blown it, I had taken her for something she wasn't and I had hurt her. 

"But...you can't mean it, after all this time and you decide you want to sleep with a woman?" Her head was shaking slowly as if unable to cope with what I had said. 

"No, Sam, it's not that I want to sleep with a woman, I want to share you with Curt, I want to share him with you, I want you both, and I know that he has always wanted something like this and you are the only one I trust to do this with". Comprehension, spread over her face and Sam relaxed. 

We were sat in her small flat, facing each other on the large sofa that dominates her room. Looking at me with a slightly mischievous look on her face, she smiled and leaned towards me, "I guess we had better practice then." 

Leaning forward she kissed me, thoughts raced through my head, my first kiss from a woman, no stop.but instead I melted into her arms and we kissed, her tongue pushed my lips open and we explored. It seemed natural when I felt her cool hand slide up my skirt and started to massage me through my panties, I gasped at the intense pleasure I felt. Before long I lay there before her totally naked, her tongue licking and her mouth suckling at my breasts. She was still fully clothed, for now this was to be my initiation. I couldn't stop her as she moved her kisses down my body, and started to make love to my womanhood, her tongue probing my wet pussy, her fingers delving into me, she brought me to a magnificent climax with her fingers and tongue and then joy beyond joy, she licked my come from me. 

I was a gibbering wreck; the orgasm had left me shuddering and dizzy. Then I shook some more as she knelt between my legs and started to undress.late into the night we practiced and practiced, I felt ready for my surprise that I was to give Curt. 

Curt turned up on time at my home, he looked shocked to see Sam there, but after introductions were made and drinks handed out, we all relaxed. I could see Curt looking at Sam from his seat, his eyes wandered over her black stocking clad legs, and I felt hot, I knew there was an attraction. 

Running a hand up Sam's leg, and parting her thighs slightly, I looked at Curt's shocked face and smiled as I said, "She's gorgeous isn't she Curt?" 

Slightly stammering he looked at me confused, "Y-yes." He was speechless. 

I turned to Sam and kissed her, our tongues dancing together, my hands reaching and cupping her small but beautifully formed breasts. I looked at Curt as I kissed her, my eyes ran to his crotch and I could see his growing bulge. 

Standing up, I pulled Sam with me, and walked forward to Curt, leading them both upstairs to my room. Sam and I had everything planned the room was ready the bed was covered only in a soft white linen sheet and an assortment of soft pillows. Strewn on the rug were toys of our choosing: two soft rubber dildo's and a vibrating hand massager. We lay the stunned Curt on the bed; then stood at the end undressing each other. We kissed and fondled and caressed as our clothes were thrown to the floor. 

Curt lay clothed in the middle of the bed, his hard cock straining at his pants, crawling either side of him, I started to work on his groin whilst Sam started to kiss him deeply, I felt so hot as I watched him caress her breasts and kiss her, I knew Sam would be experiencing his hot kiss, and I started to caress his balls now loosened from then restraint. Slipping his pants down his body I sat and looked at the scene, Sam was taking his shirt off and kissing his chest. Her firm ass in the air, showing me her wetness, a dewy mist had formed on her fur, I couldn't help but reached forward and kiss her there. Curt by this time looked like he was in heaven, he pulled me up to him and kissed me full on the lips, he licked the taste of Sam from me, and then he kissed at Sam, so she could share. Then Sam and I kissed just above his face, his hands reached to our breasts and fondled them, and moving his head side to side he licked one in turn, then grabbing us he brought one of our breasts together, putting each of our nipples in his mouth suckling at them. I was getting so hot and wet by now that my body shook with lust and passion. Sam was the same; she started at Curt's body and could see that I had not lied when I said he was the most fuckable man on the planet. 

Sam moved down his torso with soft little kisses, she motioned me to follow her; in turn we each licked his cock, and then took one ball to ourselves and kissed and sucked at it, our hands fondling and sending whispery caresses over his thighs. He rested against a pillow and watched us. Our mouths both wrapped around his cock from the sides, running our lips up and down the length, our tongues reaching out to lick at each other over his now throbbing hard member. As we reached his crowing glory, we both licked at kissed at it, taking turns to suck and lick. I reached out and once again caressed at Sam's beautiful breasts as we played with Curt, she did the same to me, giving my nipples a playful nip. 

Now Sam raised up and straddled across Curt, her bottom raised in the air, she looked him in the eyes and lowered onto his ready hardness, I still in place watched as her glistening pussy wrapped around his shaft, my tongue met her wetness as she lowered down, and I continued to lick and suck, not minding if it was Sam or Curt I licked, I sucked at his balls softly and darted my tongue up to catch at Sam as she lowered. She was leaning forward now and Curt nuzzled at her breasts, kneeling behind her I grabbed the massaging mitt from the floor and turning it to low, I placed the mitt at the base of Curt's penis, it's soft purr making him moan, I watched hungrily as Sam started to slowly pump at him her hips grinding down onto him, her soft ass so close to my face, I couldn't help it as my tongue licked the hole and probed at her soft little ass hole. Waiting till she slowed a bit, I dampened my finger from her wetness and started to probe at her tight hole, she groaned. Curt pulled himself up, and looking over her shoulder saw what I was doing, he looked so hot and excited. 

Pushing his knees up so that they bent, I started to do the same to him, his fine tight ass showing to me, I licked and caressed at him with my tongue and probed, pushing in as far as I could, and my still wet finger joining in. Now I had a finger in both of them and I was gently fucking them both, Sam started to shudder and then climaxed, removing my fingers I watched as she jerked and started to buck on him like mad, her body in a total frenzy, fucking for all she was worth as her climax subsided. Poor Curt lay there as she went like an Animal on him, I moved up the bed to watch her, my own fingers caressing my clit as I saw them in delight with each other. 

Sam flopped forward and snuggled up close to Curt as I lay by his side kissing at his neck. She turned to me and kissed me. 

"Now lady, your turn to come, we won't let Curt cum just yet OK?" 

I just nodded and glanced at Curt, who seemed to accept that Sam was in control of this. 

"Curt, can you hold back a while pet, while I make this lady cum?" Sam looked him straight at her and nodded. 

She lay me on my back, half way down the bed, parted my legs, she pulled Curt till his cock nestled at my cheek, "What you waiting for Katy, suck him!" I did as I was told, turning my face I started to suck him, Sam's juices all over his glorious cock, my mouth watered hungrily as my tongue probed at him and tasted his pre-cum. My mouth moved over his glans and pulled and nibbled at him. If there was one thing about this mans body that turned me on it was his smooth hard circumcised member. 

Gasping as I felt a vibration against my clit, I lost his cock for the moment and watched for a while as Sam teased at me with a vibrator, just relaxing into her treat I went back to Curt, hungrier now than before, my hips arching up to meet the dildo. Moving the dildo onto my clit she licked at me and started to fuck me with her tongue, her own fingers now probing into my ass hole and taking me in both holes, I knew I couldn't take much more of this when I felt the sharp pain of the dildo forced into my ass. She held me down by my tummy "Relax, Katy relax." I did and she carried on, applying more lube as it went further into me. 

"Now lady, slip yourself up here and you Curt slide in between her legs, she needs a double fucking" 

"Oh yes, yes!" I was getting into this big time, Curt lay on his back once more and I positioned myself above his cock and lowered myself, wanting to rise up and down on him. Sam stopped me, "Let Curt to the work baby" He started to thrust up into me and once more I felt the sharp pain as the vibrator entered me, both holes filled to the max. Curt could feel the other passage full of the vibrations and it just made him thrust harder and deeper into me, the vibrations teased at his cock as he fucked me. I couldn't hold on any longer and came with suck a force that I fell onto Curt, kissing him in a blind almost panic like state. 

His thrusts slowed as if he was holding himself back; pushing me up from him he then took control. Pulling my pussy and me down to the end of the bed he made me lean over it, he pulled Sam to between my legs, and pushed my back so that I crouched and ended up on her face. I leaned forward and grabbed at her breasts, I couldn't reach her pussy from there, then without warning Curt took me, I screamed with the pain as he pushed into my ass already lubed, he started to fuck me, his groans were wonderful, I started to moan and sigh, Curt's movements were causing me to push and pull at Sam's breasts. I looked across her body and I could see her thrusting a dildo furiously into her self, fucking like mad. He slowed once more, and moved from my ass to my pussy, he sighed with delight as it entered my soft wet velvet, he slowed and relaxed into me, as I tightened my muscled around him. By now Sam had moved from under me, and lay with her legs spread in front of my face with my body now flat over the end of the bed, I licked at her hungrily as Curt made love to me, his hand caressing my back, his strong thighs pushing himself into me with slow but powerful strokes. Sam came then as I licked and her cum washed warmly onto my face, I just licked at her and savoured her sweet juice. 

Sam moved off onto the floor, sensing that Curt wanted to finish this off one on one, picking me up and laying me on my back, he smiled at Sam as she sat by the bed watching us, he thrust into me, and pushed slowly. He mouth came to my ear, and he whispered "Thanks darling', this is great, but you know it's you I want". Well what can I say but that drove me wild, this man had it all before him but he still chose me, I began to drive hard up against him, meeting each of his thrusts with equal hunger, loving the feel of his glans caressing me inside, wonderfully we came together, his hot seed rushing into me. We collapsed into each other arms; he rolled away from me slightly, just holding my face, and with short breath kissed me. We didn't feel Sam slide up between us, she took Curt in her mouth and licked him clean, then sucked at my pussy full of his seed and shared it with Curt and I by kissing us both. Then sliding out quietly, she gathered her clothes and left. Curt and I just lay there in close, holding each other tightly. 

My breath finally back, I kissed him and as I drifted off to sleep in his arms, I spoke quietly and said, "Surprise!"