 :: for D. & M. ::

It was definitely different. Linda was straddling me, her mound rubbing warmly against the underside of my penis, spreading her wetness over my flesh. She moaned softly as she looked down between our bodies and saw our genitals caressing each other. She moved her hips forward until her labia slid past the tip of my erection. I reached down and held it up a little as she raised herself. I rubbed my penis against her hairy mound, stroking her clitoris with it, then slipped it down into the cleft, then against her labia. I felt her vagina open and take the head of my organ inside her.

"Ohhhh. Ohh, Linda," I moaned.

She gasped as I penetrated her depths. I watched her mound as it completely absorbed my penis, leaving her pubic hair mingling with mine. She pressed her hands against my shoulders in order to brace herself as she began grinding her hips and buttocks. Her breasts bounced up and down as we moved passionately against each other. My hands caressed her back, then slid around front to cup and massage her breasts. I kneaded her nipple with one hand and raised my head to suckle the other breast.

"Ohhhh, Patrick," she moaned. She began to move her hips faster, pushing her buttocks back and forth with more force, which drove my penis deeper inside her.

"Mmmmm," I responded, having her whole breast in my mouth.

I braced myself with one elbow behind me, then used my other hand to trace a line down her back and over her soft behind, I caressed the split between her cheeks, then slid my fingers down toward our joining. I touched the base of my penis, which was covered with Linda's lubricant. I coated my fingers with some of the liquid and slid them back up between her buttocks. Linda moaned softly as I spread the wetness in a ring around her anus. She gasped deeply, though, when I plunged my finger into her up to the knuckle. I moved my finger back and forth, eliciting gasps and moans from my beautiful lover. She was warm and wet inside, and I could feel the shaft of my erection through the thin wall that separated her rectum from her vagina. We stepped up the pace again which, along with my probing, was too much for Linda.

"Oh! Oh! Patrick! Pa-trick!" she cried out, bucking her behind uncontrollably. I could feel her body clasping against me. Her vagina crushed my penis and her anus pulsed around my finger. It was the most powerful orgasm she had had with me yet. I pulled my finger out of her and threw my head back to the bed. I grabbed Linda's hips and began lifting her off the bed as she came. Her orgasm sent waves of lubricant spilling down the length of my phallus and over my testicles.

I reached over and clutched her buttocks as I realized that I was nearing my peak as well. I felt a sudden warmth flood over my body. Linda's orgasm was still surging through her body, though it was dying down now, but she must have realized that I was coming because she raised herself up and began riding me high with great energy.

"Come on, Patrick. You can do it. Come inside me, Patrick. I wanna feel you explode inside me. Oh Patrick!" she coaxed. It didn't take much, though, as I started to buck my hips.

"Linda! Lindy! Oh God! Uhh! I'm coming! I'm coming!" I screamed, since no one else was in her house.

I clutched her hips and thrust up into her. My penis swelled inside her and I let completely go. My sperm gushed inside of Linda, wave after wave of semen exploding into her vagina. I imagined it spurting out against her cervix, six or seven pulses of semen erupting into her.

"Oh, oh...God, Linda. God I love you," I cried as my orgasm subsided. My loins still throbbed, even though my penis was losing its erection inside her vagina.

Linda collapsed against me, pressing her tender breasts against my chest. I wished we had a mirror, so I could see her body as it lay on top of mine. She started kissing my chest, then moved up to my neck, cheeks, ears, and finally my mouth. We French kissed for a long time, then I slowly turned to let her slide off of me and we wrapped up in the covers of her bed.

Linda looked deep into my eyes. "I love you, too" she said.

I smiled back. "I could tell."

"I guess you were right about trying something different. I never thought about that position before. It was wonderful," she told me, then kissed me deeply on the mouth.

"Did you like what I did with my finger?" I asked after we broke the kiss.

She shuddered. "Oh God, yes. I thought it was gross when I heard about people doing that, but it was so...electric. I guess we're going to have to try lots of things that are different, huh?"

"I definitely agree," I answered.

Linda threw back the covers and crawled over me. She walked to the chair where we had thrown everything and searched through her clothes, finally retrieving a pair of panties. She slipped her legs in and pulled them up, covering the natural beauty of her mound with the artificiality of her underwear. I lay in the bed facing her, watching as she covered her breasts with a bra and pulled on a shirt and shorts. I knew we had to get going before her parents got home, but I couldn't help thinking about what our next new thing to try would be.

"What do you want to try next?" I asked.

She tossed me my underwear and socks and smiled. "I don't know. From behind, maybe?"

"That's always a thought," I replied. "I haven't done that one either."

Linda seemed lost in thought. "It was really great having your finger in me when we were doing it. Too bad you don't have two of those things," she added, pointing to my now-limp penis.

An idea came to me, but I had to steer it a certain direction. "Well, do you know any other guys who want you as badly as I do?"

She looked at me and grinned. "You'd stand to watch another guy do it with me?"

"All in the interests of your pleasure, Lindy."

"It sounds kinky, but sexy too. But I don't really think you'd stand for it. I mean, I don't think I could lay there watching you screw another girl."

"What if it was Bree?" I asked, hitting my point.

She looked at me for a moment. "Bree? You and me and Bree?"

By Bree I meant Brianna, Linda's best friend. They had known each other since elementary school and were now sophomores at Eastern State. I was a freshman and had gone to the same high school, so I'd known the two of them for a couple of years.

"You know she's as curious about sex as we were. Besides, I see the way you two look at each other. You kiss each other and hug a lot. I think she'd be open to the idea."

"I don't know, she's a virgin."

"So? That's what makes her curious. She's been repressed all her life. You remember, when you played that joke by undoing my pants in the car so she could see me. She didn't look away, she was curious."

"I was going to give you a blow job, but you stopped me."

I blushed. "I was embarrassed."

"I guess maybe you're right, 'cause she told me later she kind of wanted me to do it. I don't know. How do I ask her?"

"Just invite her over and we'll work on her."

Linda thought. "Okay, when?"

"Saturday night. Your parents are going to see your sister in Oregon, right?"

"Yeah, that's right. I'll call her tonight."

"Just tell her it's a private little party for the three of us."

"Okay."

I pulled on my shoes and was ready to go. As we gathered up our music for practice, she mentioned something to me.

"We'd better get some rubbers."

"Oh, yeah. I seriously doubt she's on the pill."

Linda laughed. "If she is, then maybe she has something to teach us instead."

We left the house and drove to campus. I was distracted all day by the thought of making love to both of these women and I got a lecture from Mr. Benton in Symphonic Band for not paying attention. Linda smiled, I think because she knew what was on my mind. I only had to wait three days. Three days...

* * * * *

I almost forgot to stop at the drug store on the way to Linda's on Saturday. I had never bought condoms before and I was nervous about it, so I went to a store on the outskirts of town, away from my usual stomping grounds. I found some ultra-thins and paid for them without a word, then got back into the car and headed for Linda's.

When I arrived I pulled up behind Bree's red Toyota, thrust the condoms into the inner pocket of my coat, and walked through the garage to the kitchen door. I rapped on the door and waited only a moment for my lover to answer. I stepped in among the smell of meatloaf and macaroni and cheese, Linda's easy-to-make favorite. She shut the door and wrapped her arms around me, pressing her body hard against me.

"God I've missed you," she said and pulled my head down in a passionate kiss. It was so powerful I could feel an erection start to grow in my pants.

We broke the kiss. "It's only been three days, Lindy," I said, sarcastically. "Where's Bree?"

"In the living room, watching Trek."

I took a quick look around the corner to confirm. "Does she have any idea?"

"None," she said, then laughed.

"What is it?"

"It's funny you mentioned that incident in the car the other day. She said something a little while ago about wondering if I was going to try and undress you again tonight."

We laughed for a minute at the coincidence of Bree's comment, then I took my coat into Linda's bedroom. When I came out Linda was hard at work in the kitchen, so I ducked into the living room at the tail end of Trek. Bree was getting up to take her glass to the sink when she saw me.

"Hi!" she said, in her usual bubbly way.

I smiled back at her as she went past me into the kitchen. I watched her body move, trying to imagine her laying in bed next to me, nude. Bree was shorter than Linda, not much over five-foot-four, and very thin. Certainly not anorexic, because it wasn't disproportionate, but a petite thin. She had wavy long black hair that flowed down to her smallish breasts. Her hips were well-developed for her size and her small behind was just beautiful, accented perfectly by her tight denims. She was also one of the few girls I knew at that time who had a noticeable bulge at the front of her pants, usually indicating a thick mound of hair or a little fat around the genitals. She also had a small nose, thin lips, large round glasses, and a cute oval face. As she was involved in theater and in one of Eastern's show choirs, it's appropriate to note that I always thought she would play the part of Marion in "The Music Man" quite well. She had that 'librarian' look about her.

I had heard other guys call her 'homely', which might be true to those who only cared about what was on the outside. I found beauty on the outside whenever there was beauty on the inside. Maybe I was the only one who could find a sexiness in Bree's appearance, but she was kind to me, treated me like a friend. This was important at a time when I was surrounded with negative input whenever I went home. To this day, I think I would not have been disappointed if I had married someone like Bree.

Bree returned after dropping off her glass. She bounced up to me and we threw our arms around each other in a big hug. It was a wonderfully warm feeling having her small body against me. I held her up off the ground for a few seconds, then let her down, her body still against me.

"It's good to see you again," I said.

"It's only been since yesterday," she admonished.

"I know, but I meant like this. Outside of classes. I like spending time with you and Linda. Alone." I bent down and kissed her softly on the cheek. She hugged me tighter, then let go. I looked up and saw Linda looking at us, smiling.

"You guys ready to eat?"

We went into the kitchen and sat at the dining table. Linda served us a wonderful meal, accompanied by some wine coolers, and we enjoyed it all thoroughly. I volunteered to clean up the mess while the two girls retired to the living room and it took me about a half-hour to get everything washed and dried. When I finally dried my hands and walked into the other room, I found the girls watching Star Trek again, this time on video. They were seated on the large couch, Linda at one end and Bree in the middle. I sat down between them and leaned on Linda.

"Find it?" I asked.

"Yeah. Just started," she responded.

The episode came on (I honestly don't remember which one it was) and we all sat back. Linda leaned into me and I slipped my arm around her, resting my hand on her hip. We watched the episode for about fifteen minutes, then Linda started to kiss my ear. I winced, not expecting it, and laughed. I noticed Bree turning to look as Linda started to kiss my cheek. I turned my head and let Linda's mouth slip over mine. Her lips were hot and wet and I was beginning to burn inside. She pushed her tongue into my mouth and pulled her head back a little. I know Bree must have been able to see our passionate French kiss. I held Linda tightly, rubbing my hand up and down her back, then down to her behind and around her thigh and around again to her back. In all, it must have lasted a good minute. Finally she broke away from me and stood up.

"I'm going to the little girls' room," she announced.

"Need any help?" I joked.

"No, I can handle it. You take care of Bree while I'm gone."

I looked at Bree and smiled, then quickly wrapped my arms around her and pulled her against me. She lay her head against my shoulder and I snuggled her.

"I'll take really good care of her, Lindy," I said, looking into Bree's eyes seductively.

"Okay. Just don't bruise her," said Linda and she went off down the hall to the bathroom.

"I won't," I mumbled so only Bree and I could hear. "I'll keep her here all to myself," I added. I then growled and pretended to ravage her neck.

Bree laughed and buried her head into my shoulder. I took the opportunity to slip my arms tighter around her back and waist and nuzzled her neck through her long, dark hair. There was a pleasing scent, so I took a deep breath.

"You smell really nice."

"Thanks. I really like the cologne you're wearing, too."

We continued to hold each other, but I feared the moment would come when she would want to break away. I reached up and started to caress her cheek. She slipped her arm down around my waist, possibly making herself more comfortable, and snuggled her head against my shoulder again.

"I'm sorry about paying so much attention to Linda," I told her.

"What? Why?"

"Well, you know. Kissing her in front of you like that, it was rude."

"Pat, that doesn't bother me. You two are seeing each other, you're supposed to kiss."

"I know, but it always bothers me when I am with people and they start making out. I get jealous."

"Well, I'm not jealous."

I turned to look at her. "Really?" I asked, in a serious tone.

Bree sighed. "Well, I suppose so...a little."

"Of me or Linda?"

"Why would I be jealous of you?"

"I came into your lives and took up a lot of her time. Time she could spend with you."

"I still get to see her a lot."

"Well, I suppose you're right," I admitted. "In the end, we all win out. We each have another person to add to the relationship. I get to know and spend time with you. I really like that."

Bree smiled. "You really like being with me?"

"Bree, I think you are one of the sweetest people I know. You really don't know me all that well and yet, you treat me like a friend. That's what I like. Besides, you're...well...so pretty --"

Bree blushed a deep red.

"-- I mean, you really are. I enjoy seeing you because it really brightens my day to be with you."

"You think I'm pretty?"

"That's a silly question, Bree. I think you're lovely."

She looked down. "I wish other guys did."

I felt sad, because she really had all the important qualities, and I hated to hear her talk that way.

"Bree...look at me." I put my hand on her chin and lifted her head, then cupped her cheek in my palm. "I think you're beautiful. I love Linda, but I wish I could be going out with you, too."

Bree smiled real big and touched my hand. "Me too," she said.

I tilted her head up a little bit and inched my mouth a little closer to hers. We closed our eyes and, as her tiny lips met mine, I felt a twinge of sensual warmth flow throughout my body. It was probably only seconds, but the kiss seemed to last forever. I instinctively held Bree a little tighter, but didn't crush her in my grip. God, I was in heaven holding her tiny body...kissing her sweet mouth...feeling her firm bust against my chest. Finally, the kiss broke.

"Pat..." she sighed and lay her head sadly against my chest.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"What I just did. I shouldn't have kissed you. Linda's my friend."

I stroked her neck. "Linda loves you, she wouldn't be mad. In fact, I'll bet you that she wants me to kiss you."

"You're nuts."

"Try me," I said, softly. "If she gets mad, I'll take all the blame. You're so good at looking innocent, how could she fault you?"

I know that excuse wouldn't hold water with Bree, but I took the chance that she really wanted to keep kissing. I leaned back toward her again and she didn't resist. Our lips met again, this time more passionately. I caressed Bree's jaw and coaxed her into opening her mouth when I gently pushed my tongue between her lips. She responded and let me slide it in all the way. Her tongue was incredibly sweet-tasting. She flicked hers back at mine rather meekly, but I could tell she was feeling the same sensual heat that I was. We were lost in the warmth of our embrace. I had subconsciously begun to caress her thigh and worked my way up to her stomach before I realized that I was near to stroking her breast. I broke the kiss and started to nuzzle and kiss her cheek, neck, and throat. Bree threw her head back as I placed hot, wet kisses on her throat.

"Oooooh," she moaned.

I was just about to move my hand up over her breast when I noticed Linda slipping onto the couch beside us. Bree turned to look at Linda in shock as she felt my lover slipping an arm around her waist. Now the two of us were holding her as I kissed her all over her face and neck. Bree was breathing erratically as I licked behind her ear. She turned her head away from me and looked straight at Linda, who raised her hand to stroke Bree's cheek.

"You don't mind?" she barely uttered.

Linda shook her head, then leaned toward Bree. "If you don't like this, just tell me."

Lindy closed her eyes and softly pressed her lips against Bree's. I stopped my kissing as soon as I noticed theirs. It was incredibly sensual watching these two young women, who were such close friends and loved each other so much, exchanging a warm, passionate kiss.

Bree pulled one arm from around me and embraced Linda. They kissed for several seconds and it was Linda who had to break it. She was panting.

"God, Bree. Ohhhh," she sighed as they held each other. The look on Bree's face was one of confusion.

"Linda...why?"

I leaned toward her. "Because she loves you. We both do." I began to caress Bree's arm and shoulder. Linda started to do the same thing on her side. Slowly, I moved my hand along her neck to the top button of her shirt. Bree looked down as my hand traced a line to her breasts, stroked them around the outer edge, then back up to her top button. I started to undo the button when Linda began to kiss Bree's neck. Bree kept watching me as I undid her shirt, seeming to ignore the kisses of another girl on her body. She was looking down at the frosty white fabric of her bra against the light skin beneath her shirt. Linda even stopped in order to look down at the shape of her adolescent bosoms. I reached back across her chest and gently started massaging the breast that was closest to me.

"Ohhhh," she gasped and closed her eyes.

Linda slipped her hand down toward Bree's chest, curious about how it would feel to touch another girl's breast. I smiled as Lindy cupped the mound of flesh through her bra. Bree's groans became deeper and we could tell her excitement was starting to build. Her nipples could be seen growing through the cloth, firming up into taught little buds. We both continued to caress Bree's breasts and exchange kisses with her. She passionately thrust her tongue into my mouth, then pulled away and opened her mouth to Linda's. Her pulse was racing, I could feel her heart pounding beneath her bosom. Finally, we all stopped, trying to catch our breath.
