 After what felt like an eternity of waiting, the door of Michelle's bedroom creaked open just enough for my short brunette girlfriend to stick most of her head out while one small hand wrapped around the door. Her shoulder-length medium-brown hair fell forward as her piercing eyes peered right at me as she mustered up the nerve to step out, her mouth obscured by the door and her hand. The only other things I could see in that moment were her toes as they protruded through the front of deep-blue shoes that I could tell were high heels.

Of course, I wasn't the only one Michelle had invited over this night. After being quite well-aware that my buddy Miles and I double-teamed her sister just a little while ago, Michelle suggested he and I do the same to her. Naturally, I was more than happy to arrange such a rendezvous, so there in Michelle's house Miles and I had waited until my girlfriend joined us in the living room.

Miles was leaning over in the easy chair, and I had completely stood up as we watched Michelle emerge from the bedroom. Her small stature never failed to arouse me, and this instance was no exception. As she walked out toward us, her high heels clacking against the linoleum kitchen floor before she reached the carpeted living room, she revealed the lacy blue lingerie she had gotten for just this occasion. The outfit revealed the vast majority of her light brown skin and showed off the impressive cleavage on the petite girl's chest. On her face she had used the perfect amount of makeup, especially near her eyes, making those pretty brown things really pop. Her toenails and fingernails were all a light pink, going nicely with her outfit. All she wore for jewelry were two silver bracelets around her right ankle.

Needless to say, I was rock hard instantly, especially considering what Miles and I were about to do with the cute girl who was approaching us. Her smile communicated her mix of excitement and nerves as she stopped right in front of me and kind of showed herself off to us for a brief moment. I suggested we all sit down on the couch, and we went from there.

Michelle sat down in between Miles and me on the couch, grinning and squirming even before either one of us guys touched her. We didn't refrain for long though, of course. Michelle was looking too delicious for us not to advance soon. Beside, I knew Michelle was going to need a lot of foreplay to get the fire going enough for her to be able to endure what I had in store for her this evening.

Miles and I felt Michelle up and began tugging at her lingerie while she lay a hand on each of our crotches, our boners desperately looking for air as they were still confined in our pants. While Michelle began to play with the zipper of my pants, I had slipped my hand under her top and was squeezing her perfect boob as I kissed her. Meanwhile, Miles was tugging at the bottom of Michelle's outfit and then rubbing her pussy. Those sensations caused Michelle to squirm only more and to force out a few pleasured moans.

As Miles and I continued to work Michelle's tits and cunt, the bitch cursed, which we mutually decided to take as our cue to undress her. In no time at all, I was tossing aside her lingerie, leaving the girl in just the shoes and jewelry, which she perfectly understood would remain on for the duration of the evening. Michelle sat happily on the couch with her whole body exposed, her hand finding its way toward her clit, which she rubbed for us before suggesting it was our turn to follow suit.

As the sexy chick sat naked on the couch, Miles and I stood up and made quick work of our own clothes as well. It's funny how the first time I joined a guy in fucking a girl I was really uncomfortable with the thought of undressing with another man. Now, it didn't phase me at all. I was still completely heterosexual; the fact that I believed adding another man to the mix didn't change my sexual orientation in the slightest. After all, both of us had only one thing in mind, and that was giving this hot girl all she could handle. If a sexy girl taking one cock is hot, then it stood to reason it was even hotter for her to take more than one.

Soon enough, the only clothing that wasn't on the floor were Michelle's shoes and anklets. Miles and I joined Michelle on the couch again and proceeded to work her up as much as we could. He and I figured we didn't require the same amount of build up since we were both ready to go, but little Michelle had never taken on two cocks at once before, so we wanted to make sure she was prepared. After all, she was didn't even know yet just what a long night lay ahead of her.

We started by kneeling on either side of Michelle on the couch, directing her to her hands and knees. Without even being told to do anything, Michelle, remaining propped by one arm, took her new friend's cock in her hand and began to stroke it, looking down at it as she leaned in closer and licked the tip. Meanwhile, I crouched behind her and spread her pussy wide, revealing that she was already more than a little excited to get going as her juices glistened in the dim light. After a glance at my girlfriend's womanhood, I lunged in and began to lick her pussy, causing her to convulse slightly from the sudden stimulation before she took my friend in her mouth at the other end.

Soft moans crept from Michelle's throat, mixing with the sound of the girl's slurping on Miles's cock. Above Michelle's ass, I could see Miles playing with that luscious brunette hair as he sighed from pleasure, finally getting to experience first-hand one of Michelle's blowjobs that I had told him so much about. All the while, I spread my girlfriend's ass and licked hard against her clit and pussy, venturing just barely onto her taint occasionally, which made her shudder a little bit each time. 

Miles grabbed Michelle's hair and held it in a ponytail while the bitch's head bobbed up and down, slurping on his cock. Now she had both hands back on the couch and used just her mouth to steady and pleasure Miles's prick. Meanwhile, I slipped my tongue into Michelle's twat, causing my girlfriend to cry out and laugh a bit as I licked her cunt for just a brief couple minutes before I pulled away, taking a breath of fresh air and looking up to watch my girlfriend suck off one of my buddy for a few seconds longer before moving on to the next level of bliss for this evening.

Miles had both hands on Michelle's hair now as Michelle sucked him like a champ, while I knelt up, putting one hand on Michelle's ass and the other on my cock, which I steadied and guided toward Michelle's anticipating pussy. Michelle was so wet that I was able to slide right in with very little resistance, her natural lubrication readily welcoming my penis. Once my dick was wedged in far enough, I put my other hand on Michelle's backside and held tightly as I sank all the way into my lover.

Michelle pulled away from Miles's cock for just a moment, coughing a little and then cooing as I began to thrust in and out of her. It didn't take long for Miles to insert his prick back in Michelle's mouth, and then we were successfully split-roasting her on her own couch. At first, the girl stayed still between us as Miles and I swung back and forth at either end of her, sliding our cocks deep inside each respective hole as we fucked Michelle at both ends. Somewhere in there, we boys became the ones who stayed still and just held onto Michelle and slid her little body back and forth between us like a slinky. All the while, we held on firmly to her, taking turns playing with her boobs between sinking our fingernails into whichever end of her we were fucking.

We were all pretty quiet as we had the threesome on that couch, the only sounds coming from our mouths being our increasingly heavy breathing. Other than our respiration, there were the springs in the couch and the consistent slapping of my flesh against Michelle's ass as I bottomed out in her pussy over and over again each time I pulled her back onto me. Eventually, I didn't have to anything, though, as Michelle started to slide herself back and forth between us boys. At that point, I just held onto the high heels on Michelle's shoes and encouraged her to continue being the little whore she was becoming.

Finally, I said to Miles, "We'd better get going before we scare her off." Miles grinned and nodded, letting go of Michelle and pulling his cock out of her mouth while Michelle took a deep breath. I couldn't resist thrusting in and out of her twat a couple more times before pulling out, just as Michelle responded to what I had said.

"I'm not going to wuss out!" she said, her breath pretty ragged for having sucked that dick for that long.

"We'll see," I said, and with those words, I lay on my back on the couch and ordered Michelle to get on my cock. Out of all the girls I have fucked, Michelle was as good as any at riding cock, and I wanted to give her a chance to show off that skill before we double-stuffed her. There was something about her small, toned body, that lovely hair and those perfect eyes and tits that made her an incredible fuck when she was on top. Without a word, Michelle climbed up on top of me, her knees making contact on the couch on either side of my hips as she took my cock in her hand and guided it back into her pussy again. I slid my hands up her thighs and onto her waist before helping steady her on my prick and sliding her down onto my balls.

We moaned in unison while my buddy watched on and jacked off at the sight of this pretty Italian clad in just blue high heels and silver bracelets come all the way down on my cock and grind on me for just a few seconds before she started to ride me. Her sexy body slid up and down my cock, her pussy leaving gleaming residue on my shaft that shone in the dim light each time Michelle lifted her body up. It would gleam for only a second, of course, as Michelle would quickly come right back down, taking my whole cock inside her each time. For the next few minutes, Michelle rode up and down my cock like it was her job, going faster and faster, rocking her hair and boobs as she fucked me. 

I reached up and squeezed Michelle's tits as my girlfriend screwed me cowgirl style, her eyes closed, making her unaware that Miles had crept up to the couch, prick in hand and ready to join us. With Michelle's wild rocking of my cock in that moment, I'm pretty sure the girl didn't even realize when Miles knelt behind her, between her and my legs, and began preparing to invade her alternate entrance. Of course, once Miles put his hand on her shoulder, Michelle knew what was coming.

With a yelp and then a laugh, Michelle slowed to a stop on my cock and waited through the final moment leading up to her first official double penetration sex. Michelle started to breathe heavily, nervously, as I held her in place by her waist, rubbing her back a little as well to help calm her down, while Miles had one hand on Michelle's shoulder and the other on his cock as he pressed the tip against Michelle's asshole. He had a little trouble getting it in, so I let go of Michelle's sides and instead held her ass open, which allowed my buddy to work more of himself into my girlfriend while I was still stuffed balls-deep inside her cunt.

I loved watching Michelle's brown eyes go wide first as she felt Miles penetrate her butthole. Then her breathing got even heavier as my buddy worked one inch at a time into her. I could feel his prick sinking in on the other side of the membrane that separated my girlfriend's holes, and, although that feeling used to be really weird for me, now it actually increased my lust, not because it was some other dude's dick, but because this hot bitch was getting stuffed to capacity, like she needed to be. By the time Miles had half of himself inside her, Michelle began to scream, her mouth wide open, her nails clutching and digging into my arms deeper and deeper as Miles pushed farther and farther inside.

Michelle's scream got louder until Miles was all the way inside, his balls just above mine on Michelle's taint. Once Miles stopped moving, Michelle stopped screaming and, instead, lay flat on top of me, resting her head near my neck as she adjusted to being sandwiched for the first time in her life. I then slid my hands up to rub her back again, trying to comfort her as much as I could as Miles and I dragged her deeper into depravity with us.

Michelle looked right at me with those soulful brown eyes and cursed over and over again as she took in the sensations of being completely full. I coaxed her through it while we boys stayed still for another moment before I began to stir under her, remaining no less than entirely turned on as I helped double-stuff my girlfriend. Her pussy, already exceptionally tight, was unbelievable now, thanks to the cock neighboring mine in her adjacent hole. My shaft ran tightly against the walls of her cunt as I pulled back as much as I could until I started to thrust in again, causing Michelle to moan a little.

Just as I sank back in, Miles pulled back, and so the two of us commenced double-fucking the bitch. Michelle screamed again once Miles began to move, but he and I almost immediately got our synchronization down, the two of us alternating thrusts into Miss Michelle like pistons. Before long, Michelle had calmed down a bit and actually propped herself up and started laughing as her cute little body was held in place between the two of us boys as we sawed in and out of her.

As Michelle grew more comfortable with her situation, Miles and I were encouraged to go faster and harder, pumping in and out of Michelle over and over again as we teamed up to fuck her ass and pussy simultaneously. My lust reached a fever pitch as I lived out one of my dirtiest fantasies, never having thought I would ever actually get Michelle in a sex sandwich. But there we were, all three of us sweating and moaning as two cocks fucked my petite babe like we were in a porno.

We double-penetrated Michelle on that couch for at least 10 minutes before the doorbell rang, causing Michelle to shout with surprise. I assured her she had nothing to worry about - just that I had invited a friend or two. I hadn't told her before it happened since I knew that she would have chickened out, but now we were all here, so it would be rude for her to deny us! It did mean that Miles and I had to pull out of Michelle, though, and I quickly threw on my pants as I went to answer the door.

I greeted my friends Jerry and Nate whom I had told all about Miles and my past adventures as well as what was going on tonight. In addition to giving Michelle all she could handle, I really wanted to have the opportunity to sit back for a moment and just watch my sexy girlfriend get fucked by one, two or all of these cocks at once. These guys were, of course, more than willing to take a run at Michelle.

Soon, we were all in the living room, and I welcomed my friends to the party. Michelle already knew these guys since they were good friends of mine and she and I had been dating for the past several months, but she was now going to know them at entirely other level. Meanwhile, Jerry and Nate, who had previously agreed with me that Michelle was sexy as hell, were in disbelief when they saw her sweaty and naked on the couch, wearing only high heels and anklets.

"Looks like you guys got started without us," Jerry said. His observation was a pretty obvious one, since Miles wasn't wearing anything either and I was shirtless. "How far did you guys get?"

"We were DP-ing her when you guys showed up," I said proudly.

"Shit, man," Nate said. "Wow." I think they were both sufficiently turned on now, and within a minute everyone in the room was ready to begin round two, and this time Michelle had four cocks at her disposal. To start, we decided to bend Michelle over the coffee table and run a train on her. To the good fortune of us guys, Michelle was totally down to give it a try.

Jerry stepped up first, Michelle standing with her legs spread, her body bent over as she held herself up with her hands reaching down to the coffee table. Her boobs and hair hung down while she looked straight at me as I sat to her right on the couch and prepared to let my friend fuck her. I couldn't help but stroke myself a bit as I finally got to watch my girlfriend get fucked.

Jerry went balls-deep right away and held onto Michelle's hips. He cursed and immediately began to thrust in and out of her steadily. "Fuck," he said, "she's so fucking tight!" Michelle smiled, her body shifting back and forth as Jerry went in and out of her. We other three men watched on in relative silence, the only sounds being Jerry's moans and the constant slapping of Jerry's flesh against Michelle's ass.

Jerry fucked Michelle doggystyle for about five minutes and then deferred to Nate, who was equally pleased. "You're one lucky son of a bitch," he said to me as he held onto Michelle and fucked her harder and faster than Jerry had. He too took about a five-minute run at Michelle and then pulled out to allow Miles the same pleasure. For 15 minutes I watched my girlfriend pull a train of three of my best buds before I got up to complete the cycle and fuck Michelle hard and deep from behind while the guys cheered me on.

By this point in our relationship, I knew just how Michelle liked in any position, so I had her squealing in no time as I leaned forward to fondle her boobs while I slammed into her cunt over and over again. Michelle sank as low as she could go, her legs spreading, her high heels scratching against the carpet upon which we stood as my balls slapped against her clit repeatedly. Her cries of pleasure mixed with the steady smacking of flesh on flesh and the cheers of my friends, culminating in Michelle's loud moaning as I succeeded in making her cum, as I always have.

When the guys realized Michelle was cumming, they really gave me some hollers and congratulated me. Michelle laughed at the response, still shuddering as she recovered from her climax. I decided the bring the train to an end, slapping her hot ass and pulling out. It was time for the next phase of the gangbang.

Since Miles and I had gotten a head start, it was only fair that Jerry and Nate got the next turn. We decided the couch remained the best place for the boys to team up on Michelle, but we didn't rule the floor out for later. Jerry sat down first, assuming the anchor position. I helped my girlfriend up on him, facing her away so that he could impale her ass. It was then that I realized two of my friends now had gotten to give my girlfriend anal but I had yet to do so. I would make certain to get some before the end of the night for sure.

Michelle groaned as Jerry went to the hilt inside Michelle's shitter, her heels planted in the cushion of the seat upon which Jerry sat, facing out into the living room. Miles, Nate and I encouraged Jerry as he stuffed my lady's butt, and then Miles and I insisted that Nate take the next position, but not until Jerry lifted the girl up and down his cock a few times, making sure her ass was good and worked in. Bracing herself with her arms behind her, hands on Jerry's arms, Michelle laughed, her tits jiggling as she briefly rode Jerry's cock in her trunk.

Nate stepped up, and Michelle grinned, both from excitement and nerves, it appeared. From my experience, facing up in double penetration was much more difficult for the girl than facing down but hotter for everyone involved if done right. Having been sandwiched for only a short time previously tonight, Michelle was being expected to graduate quickly. Regardless, it was going to be hot to watch.

Michelle was waist-deep in depravity now and lifted her right leg to welcome my buddy, her heel pointing toward the ceiling, her anklets rattling against each other as she moved. Just Michelle's lifting her leg like that was enough to make me want to cum, and she wasn't even being double-penetrated yet! She leaned back and again braced herself against Jerry, who was still secured deep in Michelle's ass. She looked incredibly sexy with her leg up like that, her naked body shining with sweat, those shoes and jewelry just topping everything off perfectly. I was in for a treat.
