 Chapter 1 – The Beginning

I'd been with my current girlfriend, Suzanna; for just over three years. We had a great relationship based on the fact we were best friends, nothing was a secret between us. 

We often talked about our dreams and fantasies, which often involved sex with other people. Suzanna knew that I fancied many of her friends and I was comfortable when she told me about her crushes. To say I was comfortable is actually an understatement; it began to turn me on. 

I always enjoyed asking Suzanna about her previous lovers and finding out her deepest darkest secrets. She found it odd that I didn't get jealous but asked further questions. 

Our openness hit a new level in October 2010 when I showed Suzanna an article in a magazine listing the top 10 fantasies for both men and women. We read through them and soon realised that virtually all of them applied to us. 

We both admitted to having a temptation towards the same sex, Suzanna agreed that forced sex was a turn on and we really began to hit it off when threesomes, foursomes and other types of group sex were mentioned. 

The mood began to get very steamy as we considered the possibilities that group sex allowed. We could probably tick off most of the list.

I didn't really think much of the talk, after all; it was just a fantasy. 

The following weekend I had taken Suzanna out for a meal at her favourite Italian restaurant. Afterwards we headed to her favourite nightclub – Annabel's. It was burlesque night and I knew this would make Suzanna horny as she watched the near nude girls gyrating on the stage. Hot, horny, drunken sex was sure to follow – and I wasn't disappointed... 

We sat in a quiet corner of the club drinking wine, watching the girls and making out; my hands were exploring her tight body. Suzanna was wearing a short black skirt and a tight blue blouse; her bra pushed her small but pert breasts into a tight cleavage that was clearly on show. Under all this I knew she had on a matching set of black panties attached to a set of seductive suspenders. My cock was rock solid as we made out, using our tongues as my hands ran over her tight ass. 

After some time, I made a quick exit to the toilet and upon my return; Suzanna was sat next to a guy that I didn't recognise. I stood at a distance and watched as the two of them talked; he was an older guy, perhaps in his 30's and had a fairly muscular body that was held in a tight t-shirt. Suzanna was making it very obvious that she fancied him and was making a point of touching his toned chest. 

I sat down and Suzanna introduced me to the guy, his name was Derek. Before long we were all chatting away, drinks continued to flow and I even allowed him the last dance with Suzanna before we headed for the door. 

Watching them dance was strangely erotic, his hands were close to her tight ass cheeks and Suzanna stared lovingly into his eyes. I knew at that point, we had to fuck; he was too good to turn down. My cock throbbed at the thought of him, a complete stranger; screwing my girlfriend. 

Suzanna disappeared to the toilet before we left, giving me the chance to corner Derek. I was going in for the kill, this stud was ours. I approached him with a smile. 

"Did you enjoy the dance Derek?" I asked him. 

"Yea, but look I wasn't hitting on her..." Derek replied. 

"Maybe you should... would you be interested in fucking her?" I went for it.

Derek look surprised but I knew he had made up his mind instantaneously. 

"I mean, you can join us... but you have to promise one thing." I said.

"What?"

"I want hard fucking, no love making and it has to be seriously fucking dirty..."

Derek laughed as Suzanna came back from the toilet.

"Your boyfriend wants me to fuck you." He said to Suzanna. 

"So do I; dirty and hard..." Suzanna replied. 

I watched the pair of them as they laughed. Derek suddenly grasped a hand onto Suzanna's ass and pulled her in for a hot kiss. Their tongues met and the kiss became very erotic.

The kissing continued in the cab and I sat watching them make out. Suzanna's hand moved over Derek's crotch and I could see her rubbing his hard on through his jeans.

We headed back to Derek's place as it was closer. He also boasted about a huge bed, but I was sure he meant something else; we were sure to find out. 

At Derek's place, it didn't take long for Suzanna to pull off Derek's top and we headed straight for his bedroom. His bed was huge as promised but Suzanna was more interested performing a hot striptease. 

I sat next to Derek on his bed as my girlfriend began to pull her tight blouse off before she mounted Derek and began to push her breasts into his face. 

"No holding back now Derek, you have to give me the dirtiest fuck ever..."

Derek instantly pushed Suzanna to her feet, ripping off her restricting dress and revealing her matching panties and suspenders. He placed a hand around her throat and violently slapped a hand onto her bare ass cheek. 

"You fucking asked for it..." He hissed in her ear. 

Within moments, Suzanna was on her knees and Derek had removed his jeans and boxers. His huge swollen cock bounced onto my girlfriend's cheek as he grabbed her head and began to rub his length and balls over her sweet face.

Suzanna eagerly opened her mouth and waited to be filled. Derek took his cock and slapped it onto the side of her face before placing the fat purple end onto her tongue. 

Suddenly, the dirtiest blowjob began to unfold as Suzanna began to physically shove Derek's thick cock down her throat. There was nothing loving about the action but extremely erotic. I watched as she gagged on his length before removing it from her mouth. Precum and saliva covered his end and it dripped slowly onto Suzanna's body.

Derek's cock was soon plunged back into Suzanna's willing mouth again and she began to use her mouth to fuck his fat cock. The movements got faster and Derek began thrusting his hips in time to Suzanna's. I watched as this hot stranger fucked my girlfriend's face and my cock was so stiff. 

This continued until Derek's cock was suitably covered in precum and saliva. He lay back on the bed and I stood up to remove Suzanna's remaining clothing as he watched. Her bra popped off revealing her small but firm breasts and hard pointy nipples. Next off were the panties, leaving in place her suspender belt and black stockings. 

"You look fucking stunning; now get your wet little pussy on that man's face..." I told Suzanna before slapping her tight ass. 

She obeyed and began to hover her bare pussy over his face. Derek placed his strong hands onto her hips, lowering her onto his tongue. He began to lick her pussy as she moaned with pleasure. Derek licked from her clit to her vagina and then continued until his tongue hit her asshole where he wiggled his tongue before repeating the whole thing.

I watched Suzanna squirming on his face whilst staring at Derek's muscular body. His cock was still hard but beginning to droop. I suddenly dropped onto the bed and grasped it in my hand before taking my very first cock and placing it into my mouth. I began sucking and moving my mouth like a slut, covering his end with saliva and tasting his salty precum ooze onto my tongue. 

Derek didn't seem to mind the male attention and continued to lick my girl's pussy. I was pretty sure she was ready for some hard fucking. 

Derek soon lifted Suzanna off his face and they embraced in an erotic tongue driven snog. She straddled his hot body and his bare cock began to rub against her clit. 

It suddenly dawned on me that a stranger was about to ram his fat cock into my girlfriends pussy and she was going to ride it to orgasm. Their sexual juices were going to mix as they screwed and I was going to sit there and watch as his huge muscular body pinned my petite girl to the bed, or bend her over and fuck her from behind. I knew I was a happy man. 

It soon unfolded as Suzanna dropped her tiny body on Derek's cock. His end was covered in saliva and precum and slipped into her tight, wet pussy. She let out a large moan as his bare cock filled her up, all the way to his balls. 

"You're so fucking big!" She cried out. 

Derek smiled and picked up his prize before laying her down on the bed. They continued to make out. Suzanna's flexible legs were apart and Derek looked down at her naked body, rubbing his slippery cock against her pussy before pushing it into her. Suzanna let out another loud moan as he stretched her tight pussy with his bare cock. 

Derek pulled Suzanna's legs together making her pussy even tighter and began to thrust his hips against her ass. Derek was finally fucking my girl with his big fat cock and she lay there loving every single thrust as his balls hit her ass. 

Next, Derek pulled Suzanna onto all fours and began slapping his cock on her ass. I moved onto the bed and placed my cock in front of her and watched as Derek mounted her and began to fuck her doggie style. He screwed her so hard and the bed rocked, hitting the wall as his body slapped against hers. 

The whole scene was too much for me as Suzanna was sucking my cock; I began to orgasm and shot my spunk into her mouth. She swallowed hard, gasping for breath as she also hit climax. Derek had hit the spot and Suzanna's whole body rocked as he continued to screw her pulsating body. 

Suzanna let out a magnificent groan as she hit a second climax. I sat back and watched, Suzanna looked like a true slut with spunk dripping down her chin, yelling for more with a hunky stranger mounted and screwing her tight pussy with his big thick cock that must have been close to orgasm.

Suddenly, Derek let out a hard moan and I watched as he pumped his hips into Suzanna. Her limp body collapsed under his weight. She looked up at me. 

"I can feel his hot spunk filling my pussy..." She smiled.

I smiled back knowing that a stranger had just fucked my girlfriend with his bare cock, to a stunning double orgasm before filling her tiny wet pussy with his salty hot cum. 

Suzanna and Derek lay together kissing, his cock was still inside her and they gasped for breath, savouring the moment. Derek lifted his hips and I saw his hard cock slide out of my girl's pussy, which dripped with cum. 

After a quick clean up, Suzanna disappeared to the bathroom, followed by Derek. I lay on the bed waiting for their return and very eager for more action. I could hear quite clearly the others fooling around in the bathroom, laughing and talking about what had just happen. 

"That was the dirtiest fuck I've ever had Derek..." Sue said

"You were so fucking hot, did you like me screwing you from behind?" 

"It was so good, you just kept pounding me. I came really hard twice and I could feel your spunk filling me..." Sue laughed.

"I have plenty more of that in me... this could be a long night" Derek replied.

I then heard a series of deep sighs from Suzanna, followed by the distinct slapping noise of two bodies coming together. My mind raced, wondering what could be going on in that room; were they fucking again? 

I pictured Suzanna bent over the sink with Derek fucking her tiny frame from behind. Her tits and ass bouncing as he slammed into her, filling that tight pussy with his fat cock all over again. I decided to take a peek; I wasn't going to miss the action.  

I peered around the doorway saw them, Derek held Suzanna in his arms. She was leaning back holding onto the sink behind and her legs were wrapped around his torso. They were making soft movements, staring intently into each other's eyes. Suzanna made sweet moans as Derek's cock slipped deep into her pussy.

"You two look like you're having fun?" I whispered with a smile.

Derek suddenly pulled his cock out of Suzanna's wet pussy, it was still oozing spunk. His huge cock stood to attention also covered in spunk. 

"Join us..." Derek suggested.

I didn't hesitate. I jumped down on to my knees and took Derek's huge cock in my hand. I looked up to see him kissing Suzanna running his hands over her bare breasts. 

I took Derek's cock into my mouth and began to suck it, cleaning the spunk off and savouring the salty taste. Then I moved my face to Suzanna's wet pussy. My tongue scooped at her hole and over her clit, bringing with it a huge wad of warm cum. 

My tongue continued to hit her clit and she moaned hard as I pushed my face hard against her groin. I wanted to see her fucked hard again, so hard that she might pass out or maybe even squirt.

"Derek, she's ready for you again... fuck the slut." I demanded.

Suzanna jumped down from the sink and dropped to her knees. Derek got behind and grasped her tiny breasts, Suzanna turned her head and they began making out hard, tongues flicking and saliva mixing. I knelt in front and began rubbing Suzanna's clit. She turned to face me and our mouths met as we shared a hot kiss. 

I backed away and saw a dirty smile form across Suzanna's face as Derek positioned his end at the entrance to her pussy. I decided to take a close up view and lay with my head beneath her pussy just as Derek pushed into her. His thick length disappeared into her with one swift thrust; her used pussy was now accustomed to Derek's larger shaft. 

Derek was soon positioned to forcibly fuck Suzanna as he placed a hand on her hip and the other around her neck. She was now on all fours hovering her face above my cock. Derek pounded his hips into her ass and his balls slapped onto her clit right above my face. I was waiting for an epic orgasm from either party. 

She began to swear and curse between moaning, she was being screwed deeper and harder than ever. 

"Fuck, your hitting my spot with your big cock..." Suzanna screamed.

Derek was pushing down on her body and his swollen purple end was hitting her g spot. Suzanna began to physically shake as she tipped over the edge, I could feel her hands gripping onto my body, nails beginning to dig in. 

Suzanna suddenly rocked forward and Derek's cock slipped out as a wad of clear liquid came shooting out of my girl's pussy. Suzanna was physically cumming and her pussy convulsed, hips shaking as she experienced her first ever squirting orgasm all over my face. I held her hips and forced her to stay put.

Derek rammed his cock back into her soaking hole and forced her back onto his length. He was screwing her so hard, her entire weight collapsed on my body. I held her tight as Derek used his last ounce of energy to finish. I watched as his balls tightened and finally his dick began to twitch. He was empting his hot creamy spunk into my girl friend's pussy. 

My cock was now raging hard and I was eager to cum again. My mind raced as I considered the dirty options. Derek had withdrawn his cock from Suzanna's pussy and his spunk was leaking onto my face. 

"Derek, pick her up and hold her in your arms..." I demanded. 

Derek immediately did so and lovingly held Suzanna in his arms, cupping her ass cheeks in each hand. I stood behind them and let Derek lower her onto my swollen cock. They began kissing, virtually ignoring me as I began to thrust my cock into her pussy. 

It was somehow still tight but opened up with ease due to the hot warm spunk covering the insides. I held Suzanna's hips as I fucked her, and she finally began to respond by moving her hips in time to my thrusts. She shifted her body so that her lips met Derek's and they continued to make out with tongues. 

"Oh Derek, fuck me good, fill me with you warm spunk" She whispered into his ear. "Derek you're so good at fucking me."

I didn't mind... I enjoyed the fact she was fucking me but pretending it was her new lover. I watched them make love, her hands moving on his muscular body as if they were alone, breathing together and kissing sweetly. 

"Fuck me with your thick bare cock Derek..." 

I hit the edge and began to orgasm, thrusting hard into her hips as I emptied my heavy balls into her sopping wet pussy. 

I stepped back and watched Derek holding Suzanna, she was in awe of his hunky body, running her hands up around his neck before placing her forehead softly against his as they made eye contact and kissed like true lovers. 

We all retreated to the bedroom for a well earned sleep. I let Suzanna snuggle with Derek who seemed comfortable with his new sex partner. Not an ounce of jealousy had hit me and I fell asleep to dreams of things to come...