 Laura was the "new girl in town", so to speak. She had moved here only about a month ago after graduating college and finding the job she wanted. She met Jake a few days after moving in and they hit it off. She really liked Jake and the sex was amazing, but after dating him for over three weeks she hadn't met a single friend of his and found it slightly strange, because he talked so much about them. 

She lay back and dreamt of Jake, of his dark eyes, and long muscular legs, and the way his hair fell over his eyes when he was making love to her. His strong chest, and his flat belly with the sweet trail of hair leading down to...

She was jolted awake remembering that finally they were to go out tonight to have something to eat and some drinks with all his friends. She was looking forward to it and got dressed in a nice little black dress. Sexy, but not slutty, she thought. Jake picked her up and they met everyone at a nice Italian restaurant. There were four couples altogether, consisting of Jake and herself, his friends Matt and Sue, Steve and Rachel, and lastly Mark and Tara. 

The whole evening everyone was very nice to her, the other girls including her in their bathroom trips and the guys telling her stories about Jake and just overall bringing her into their circle of friends. But there was something funny also. She had a strange feeling as the night went on that they were checking her out. Not like they didn't trust her or anything like that, but like they were looking her over like they thought she was hot. And the odd thing was it wasn't just the guys, but the girls gave off the same vibe. She had had guy friends of past boyfriends check her out when her boyfriend wasn't looking, and though she didn't care much for it she just chalked it up to 'boys will be boys'. But she was feeling like all the girls were checking her out too. She couldn't be sure of course - but all the same, something just didn't seem right.

The night went on and everyone continued to be nice. Jake finally sad they had to get going because he had to go into work for a few hours in the morning. Everyone told Laura how nice it was to meet her and that they looked forward to seeing her again. And there it was again, the strange feeling that they were checking her out, getting one last good look at her as she and Jake left the bar area of the restaurant. She thought to maybe mention something to Jake but she figure she should wait until and hang out with them a few times and see first. 

She had thought that Jake had said he had to work in the morning just so they could leave and go back to his place to have sex, because she never knew him to work on Saturday. That's what she wanted at least, but when they got in the car said, "So I got to drop you off and get some sleep, I got to be up in six hours."

"Oh I thought you were making that up." Laura replied, feeling slightly let down. She suddenly realized she had been getting somewhat turned on at the thought of everyone checking her out all night and wanted to find a release. This must have showed on her face because Jake seemed to read her mind.

"Don't worry, I only have to work for a few hours in the morning, so stop by my place at noon," he said with a sly smile on his face. "And wear something sexy," he finished.

This sent a flash of warmth up Laura's' body and she felt her panties getting moist from the thought of it. As Jake pulled the car out of the parking lot, she leaned over and began to give his neck light kisses as her hand slid over his hips to between his legs and began to rub him there. It wasn't long before his cock was rock hard in his pants. She kept kissing his neck as she unzipped his pants and reached in to pull out his long thick cock. She began to stroke it slowly as he kept his eyes on the road with a slight smile across his face. She then slowly leaned down and began to lick the swollen head of his cock. She then sucked the head into her mouth as she swirled her tongue around it, continuing to slowly stroke the thick shaft with her hand. She heard him give a low moan and then began to slide her mouth down around his cock, taking as much as she could into her mouth and throat. She had tried to deep throat him before but he was just too big, but with him in the sitting position she could take in just about all that was accessible to her now. She began to combine sliding her mouth up and down his shaft along with her hand stroking it. His moans kept growing louder and she was hoping he'd blow his load of cum before they reached her place. She enjoyed his cum and at least she could have that to tide her over until the morning. Just as he turned the corner to her street he let out a long deep moan as his hot cum began to jet into her mouth and down her throat. She finished sucking him dry just as they pulled up to the house she was renting with her two roommates. She released his cock from her mouth and gently put it back into his pants as they turned into the driveway, and swallowed the last bit of his cum with a slight smile on her face. She gave him a light kiss on his cheek as she opened the car door.

"Now you owe me, and I want it paid back in full, and then some, tomorrow when I come over," she said slyly.

He had a strange, almost knowing smile as he told her, "Oh I'll make sure of it, believe me." 

They said goodnight and he pulled away as she went up to her room. She was still very wound up from the night's events. The thought of all of Jake's friends checking her out kind of bothered her but for some reason seemed to have turned her on too. She didn't put much more thought into it as she stripped naked and crawled into bed. She knew her pussy was quite wet still from hoping that she and Jake were going back to his place to fuck so she slid one had down under the covers as the other slid over her stomach and up to one breast. She began to gently pinch her nipple as the fingers of her other hand slowly began to rub her pussy lips, spreading them as she did. She spread her legs wide with her knees up for better access. As she moved her legs around the covers slid down slightly exposing her breasts to the cool air of the apartment. Her fingers explored further around her pussy, beginning to rub her swollen clit. Her body was getting hotter and hotter and she pushed the covers down further. She slid a finger into her dripping pussy and pinched her nipple harder, to the point of pain, but still very pleasurable. She slid a second finger into her pussy as she kicked the covers completely off her. Her thumb was rubbing her clit as she finger fucked her cunt. She was thinking of Jack on top of her slamming his cock into her as she curled her fingers up inside her to try and find her g-spot wanting Jake's cock to be deep inside her. She laid on the bed totally uncovered and naked with her knees up and spread wide with two fingers buried deep into her pussy as she began to feel the first wave of her orgasm wash over her. She had a strange but exciting thought, of Jake continuing to pound her aching pussy as all his friends looked on. This seemed to drive her orgasm higher as her juices flooded out onto her hand and her back arched as she pinched and pulled her hard nipple. Laura was usually quiet when she came, being that she didn't want her roommates to hear, but she couldn't help letting out a long low moan as her body spasm. Finally she slowly came down from the amazing orgasm she gave herself and just laid there, legs still spread and her fingers still in her pussy as she slowly and gently moved them around. 

She laid there and couldn't get the strange thought she had had just as she came out of her mind. She had never really liked the thought of being watched before, or even having sex with more then one person at a time. She had been a one on one type of girl, and though the thought had turned her on it seemed, she would stay a one on one type of girl she thought to herself. She was beginning to figure that the feeling of them checking her out was ridiculous because though Laura realized that she was an attractive girl, so were Sue, Tara and Rachel. So Mark, Steve, and Matt shouldn't be envious of Jake and think he had a better looking girlfriend, and the girls didn't seem insecure to her at all. She laughed at herself as she got up and went to the master bathroom off her bedroom to clean up after her powerful orgasm. She had her own bathroom to herself, while her roommates had to share the one down stairs.

She looked at her naked body on the mirror and admired herself for a few minutes. She was comparing herself to the other girls she was out with tonight. Laura ran her hands slowly over her perky 34C breasts, realizing all the other girls were just about her size, though she thought Rachel might be about a D cup and Sue might only fit a B cup, (though a large B). She then ran her hands slowly down her sides and over her well-toned, flat belly. From what she could tell the other girls looked in really good shape as well. Her hands then slowly ran over her hips and ass. She knew all the girls had great asses, they were all wearing tight skirts tonight and there was no hiding it. Sue did have slimmer hips than the rest being as she was the most petite, but still had a nice ass, and Rachel did have a little more junk in her trunk but she was very well proportioned and Laura knew guys loved asses like hers. Tara, Laura thought to herself, was the most attractive of the three girls, was built pretty much exactly like she was. Except Tara was a dark skinned version of herself and Laura found that erotic. Her pussy tingled back to life, thinking now about her smooth chocolate skin and curves. They were all tall as well like Laura, who was 5'11". Her mind traced over the guys next. She found Jake of course to be the most attractive, but all his friends were too, in their own way. Matt had the cute blonde suffer look down pat, that made you want to be free spirited around. Steve was tall and well built, obviously worked out a lot, and had short curly hair. Mark had dark olive skin with long unkempt hair and bedroom eyes.

She realized she was getting turned on again running her hands over her body as she was comparing herself to the other girls. She had never had any sexual encounter with another woman before, but had thought about it a number of times. In the end she always told herself it wasn't really her thing, which is what she did now as she began to clean herself from her earth shattering orgasm she had a few moments ago. She kept trying to push these strange thoughts she was having out of her mind as she finished cleaning up and then went back into her bedroom to go to sleep. She tossed and turned for about a half hour with these thoughts running through her mind before she finally found sleep.

She woke in the morning refreshed and jumped in the shower, excited about seeing Jake and knowing they had the whole afternoon to themselves to do whatever they wanted, or really what she wanted as Jake owed her for last night on the way home. So she figured they'd stay in and have sex all afternoon, because even though she pleasured herself last night she needed to be satisfied by Jake's cock badly. She began to rub herself again as she showered, playing with her pussy and rubbing her nipples, getting turned on by it, but decided not to finish as she wanted to be all fresh for Jake's fucking pleasure. She got out and dried off and walked into her bedroom to look for something sexy to wear. Going through her closet she finally picked out a very short and tight black skirt, so she could finally wear the black thigh high stockings she bought but hadn't worn yet. She then grabbed her see though black blouse and black lace bra to complement the skirt. She decided not to wear any panties to cover her shaved pussy lips and small trimmed bush above it. The finally touch was her black pumps she had only worn once. She checked herself in the mirror and thought that Jake might cum as soon as he saw her. She looked like she was ready to go out to the clubs for the night, but it wasn't even noon yet, so she slipped a knee length coat on and left to head over to Jake's.

As she drove the short ten minutes to his house he had bought she was thinking only about Jake's cock and how badly she wanted to feel it inside her. Jake had a porn star's cock, she had thought from the first time she laid her eyes on it. It was long and thick and always rock hard when in her grasp. She found herself getting very wet just from thinking about it and how he would pound her hot pussy with it very soon. She pulled into his driveway right behind his car, which was already there.

Laura didn't know, but Jake was waiting in his kitchen with all of his friends. He had gone and picked up this morning and then brought them to his house, so their cars weren't out in front. They were discussing their plans when the doorbell rang. Jake motioned for them to keep quiet and walked out of the kitchen and down the hall to the front door. He opened the door and found his cock begin to spring to life as he slowly looked over his gorgeous new girlfriend standing in front of him in her very sexy outfit, holding her long coat open for him to see. His smile grew as his eyes drifted down her body. "Mmmm.....come on in." He spoke calmly as he stepped aside and Laura flowed by him.

Jake led her out into his living room and sat down on the couch, motioning her to sit next to him. Laura dropped her coat on a chair and slowly walked past him, giving him a small show. She was pleased as she glanced down and saw the large bulge in his pants. She sat next to him, placing her hand on his knee, and began to slowly run her hand up and down his thigh. Jake gave a slight moan as he turned toward her and reached across to pull her to face him more. Laura's back was now completely toward the door leading out to the kitchen as Jake leaned in and began to lightly kiss her neck. She let out a soft moan as his hand ran up and over her left breast, bringing her nipple to attention. She slid her hand up his thigh and over the bulge his big cock was making in his pants, stroking it slowly. She felt Jake's hands slide down and pull her blouse out of her skirt and begin to unbutton it. She could feel his heat raising quickly as he undid the last button. 

Just as Jake began to open Laura's blouse, Matt, Sue, Steve, Rachel, Mark and Tara all slowly and very quietly opened the door from the kitchen and moved into the living room to begin to watch the couple on the couch. The men were already shirtless and the girls were in their string bikinis. Jake glanced at all of them over Laura's shoulder as he continued to kiss and gently suck on her neck. Laura had no idea they were behind her as he pushed her blouse down off her shoulders. The men were starting to unzip their pants quietly as Jake whispered in Laura's' ear.

"You know, I've wanted to talk to you about a few things....," he started.

"Mmmm....oh yeah, what about?" Laura purred back as Jake began to rub her breasts thru her bra and she slid one of her legs over top of Jake's, giving him access to slide a hand up her skirt.

"Well ........you finally got to meet my friends last night......and I know I've already told you a lot about them........" he told her between kisses on her neck, as the men slid their pants down to the floor and their girlfriends standing beside them all began to stroke their boyfriends' already rock hard cocks.

Laura found this a strange time to talk about his friends but just responded, "Yeah.......so....." in between her heavy breathing. She was grabbing at his throbbing cock in his pants as he slowly slid one hand up the inside of her thighs. His fingers finally reached her bare pussy lips. He let out a low moan of approval that he was glad she was panty-less and began to rub her slit slowly. She was breathing heavier now as he found her clit and rubbed it with his thumb while he thrust two fingers into her already dripping cunt.

"Well......" he continued over her moans of pleasure."........you know how I told you we like to share.......many of our things......." Unhooking her bra with his free hand as he finger fucked her he slid back slightly to pull her bra down and off, exposing her lovely and perky breasts.

She was being driven wild by his invading fingers and skilled thumb on her clit, but the conversation was making her feel strange. Jake could tell her more things about him and his friends later while they were recovering between sex bouts, why was he bringing it up now? She tried not to let this thought ruin the mood for her as she let his fingers continue to hypnotize her pussy. She was spreading her legs further for better access of his hand, pushing her skirt up to her hips. 

Jake was holding her close, as he looked behind her seeing the three couples slowly and quietly edging closer. His fingers curling up inside Laura's aching pussy, rubbing her g-spot, enlisting a loud moan from her. "Well we really like to share.......everything........" he finished as he began to lean back and look her in the eye.

She was still under his spell from the magic he was working on her pussy as he leaned back, but what he said was very strange and he seemed serious about it. "W-what do you mean?" she asked, her voice sounding shaky as she was feeling her orgasm building close. 

Just as she finished her question she caught a glimpse of Matt and Sue out of the corner of her eye. Startled, she jumped as she turned her head to see all three couples. In the time it took her to say, "What the fuck......?!" Jake had withdrew his probing fingers from her dripping pussy, which somewhere in the back of her mind made her cry out for him to replace them again, as Matt, Sue, Mark and Tara all rushed her, pinning her back against the couch. The two women held her arms and shoulders tightly and the men held her legs tight and pulled them apart. She began to struggle but with little hope of getting free.

"Wh-what the......what are you all doing?" Laura's voice starting to sound weak even though she was angry. She looked up with pleading eyes at Jake who was now standing back behind his two friends holding her legs. He just looked down at her with a lustful grin on his face as he began to strip out of his clothes. 

She then felt two strong hands grab her by the shoulders and hold her down against the back of the couch. She looked up to see Steve with his hands on her shoulders and Rachel next to him with a similar smile as Jake had. Matt began to run his hand up the inside of her thighs, his fingers reaching her wet mound and began to probe her lips with them. Laura held back a moan that almost caught her off guard as he found her clit that Jake had been working on only a minute before. 

"Stop! Stop! Please don't do thi........ahhh!" This time she was caught off guard as Matt drove two thick fingers into her dripping cunt and began finger fucking her. Everyone laughed lightly at her reaction as she tried to continue to resist, but felt herself losing to her own body. Rachel leaned over the back of the couch and grabbed one of Laura's erect nipples between her fingers and pinched it roughly, causing another moan from Laura, this one sounding of half pleasure and half pain. 

"Don't worry honey, we all resisted at first, but by the time we're done with you, you'll be begging for more." Rachel whispered in her ear, her breath running down Laura's neck and sending tingles down her body.

As Matt kept driving his fingers in and out of Laura's tight pussy Mark leaned forward and began to lick her clit, causing her to arch her back involuntarily, pushing her breast outward. With that Sue leaned over and took Laura's other nipple into her mouth, sucking and biting on it. This was all too much; Laura could feel her orgasm building quickly despite herself. She looked up at Jake again and saw him standing naked now and stoking his rock hard cock as he watched. That drove her over the edge and she felt herself cumming hard on Mark's face and Matt's fingers.
