 A little while ago I had to work for a week in London (unusual for me as I'm normally out on the road or working at home) and because the work would start relatively early each day my company put me up in a hotel near to the office. Nice room, as hotels go, king size bed, table to work on, etc. I said cheerio to Tina my wife and said jokingly that if she wanted to come and keep me company she'd be more than welcome. As Tina can't drive I knew that the next time I would see her would be Friday night back at home.

The work went OK during the week. I'd get back to the hotel, shower have a meal, maybe a couple of pints and get to bed fairly early in preparation for the following day. On Wednesday night, I followed the same ritual and had eaten in the restaurant and gone back up to my room with intentions of watching a TV program and then getting my head down. Literally two minutes after getting into my room, locking the door and settling down on the bed there was a light tapping on the door. Strange, I thought, I couldn't remember ordering anything from room service. I looked through the security lens. Standing there were Tina and her friend Lucy.

I opened the door, and almost before I had chance to speak Tina said, "Hi hun, we've come to keep you company for the night."

They were both wearing longish coats which I thought strange as this was the summer and quite warm even at this time of night and carrying two larger than normal handbags. As they walked in they put the bags on the floor then opened their coats and shrugged them off onto the floor. My jaw nearly dropped as far as the coats. They were both wearing absolutely fuck, all apart from a pair of black hold up stockings and some very sexy high heels. 

"We thought you might enjoy a little light relief after a hard day at work." 

Lucy said; She kissed me and let her hand go to the front of my trousers. 

"He's getting hard already Tina." 

She said to my wife standing next to her. 

That was not really surprising when you've got Lucy's enormous 36DD tits pressed against your chest and your slutty wife is standing two steps away fingering her own hairless cunt.

Things started to get hotter and I was pushed backwards onto the bed. The girls quickly unzipped my trousers and tore them off, underpants came off in the same movement. Lucy couldn't wait, she was on the bed then astride my face and then bent over down on my cock which she took fully into her mouth and started sucking and wanking. 

Tina knelt on the floor between my legs and started sucking my balls into her mouth and running her tongue round and round them. Lucy got off and turned round so that she had her arse towards Tina. She went down and buried my cock deep inside her hairy cunt. Lucy came forward and kissed me again while riding up and down on my cock. I handled her huge dangling breasts, 

"God Lucy, you've got a great pair of breasts I'd just love to cover these in my cum." I said. 

"That comes later." She said. 

"Don't worry darling you'll be able to cum over both of us later." 

Tina said lifting her head. 

Lucy and I carried on gently fucking while I noticed Tina had started to lick and finger Lucy's tight arsehole. 

"Just getting it ready for you lover." She said. 

"Come on you filthy fucker, fuck my fucking arse." Lucy moaned. 

She got off me and moved to one side. Tina helped me off the bed and kissed me. 

"Enjoying yourself?" She asked. 

Lucy positioned herself in a kneeling position on the bed and I stood on the floor behind her. Tina held my cock and massaged it making sure I stayed hard, as if with two fucking filthy bitches with me I was going to go down! Tina held my tip against Lucy's arsehole and I pushed gently at first until my end had disappeared in her hole then harder and harder until I was in as far as I could go. Tight wasn't the fucking word, Lucy had hardly made a sound while I'd been shoving it up her, but now as I started to pump backwards and forwards she started moaning and whimpering. 

"Go on baby, shove it in hard." Whispered Tina in my ear. 

I was sweating and some of the sweat dripped off my face onto Lucy's arse. Tina got on the bed and laid so that her legs were wide open and either side of Lucy's face. 

"Come on you fucking bitch lick my fucking cunt!" She shouted at Lucy. 

Lucy obliged and started not just licking my wife's shaved cunt, more like eating it I'd say. Tina squirmed a bit then lifted her legs and held them back over her head giving Lucy (and me) a perfect view of her arsehole. 

"Go on you fucking bitch, have that hole as well, go on stick your tongue up my arse and lick me out!" Tina said. 

Again Lucy obliged and again eating rather than licking. In the end I couldn't take it much more and blew my load deep into Lucy's arse. She groaned long and deep and then fainted. Tina laid back and fingered herself to an orgasm. Once the two girls had recovered Tina showed me what they'd brought with them. There was a nice bottle of champagne (and our nice cut crystal glasses from home) and a large box of strawberries. 

"We realized too late that we'd got the strawberries and some sugar but we'd forgotten the cream." Said Tina. 

"Don't worry about that." Said the now conscious Lucy. 

"I'm sure someone can help us out there, he's still got loads in his balls, we can have some of that." Grinned Lucy. 

"Great idea." Agreed Tina. 

We all laughed and Lucy started wanking me while Tina got down and retrieved some of the cum already leaking from my cock. By the time Lucy wanked me off and Tina had added what she collected there was plenty for both girls to sit down to cummy strawberries and champagne. 

After we all showered and got into bed where the kissing, licking and sucking started all over again and well into the early hours. Needless to say I pulled a "sicky" next day because I was totally knackered but boy was it was all worth it!