 Chapter 12

Two MILFs in a Theater, Two Shopping and Something Weird

Friday arrived, again. My pseudo confusion served its purpose. I had no indication that my sister's thought catching me with Mrs. Rossini bound in our living room was a setup. Being the youngest and male served me for once. My sisters tended to think of me as a happy bumbler and that view colored their opinion of me. The idea that little brother could out smart them never occurred to them. I got up Friday and drifted through breakfast without bothering to attend to their various reactions to me or to having watched me fuck Mrs. Rossini, the MILF of the moment. Mom was calm and everything seemed unnaturally normal. If I had been awake, I would have been nervous I think. I got nervous about ten o'clock, daydreaming in ECON and realized that my family had attended a fucking and participated in some limited way and seemed unfazed by the event. But that made me realize I may not have been paying attention. How could they catch me with a MILF tied up in my living room and not freak out? That question bothered me. By noon, I had successfully talked myself out of being paranoid or even a little neurotic. When things are calm, enjoy it, I say. I had a movie date planned and the prospect of this new lizard-brain invention stifled the other commentary. I was looking forward and the near future held great promise. 

After the three o'clock class was over, I was waiting where I agreed to meet Sammy. The fucker was late, I hoped he remembered. I was getting antsy when something struck me, something I hoped was an ingenious idea. The impulse overcame my other judgments (not better, you understand, cuz this was a pretty good idea, I thought). I called Alissa. "Mrs. Honeywell, what are you doing." I said as soon as she answered the phone. 

"Oh Sonny. I was never so excited as I was last night, sneaking into my son's room. I sucked his cock till he woke up and then I mounted him." Her voice rasped like she was about to choke. 

I cleared my throat. Much as I liked her voice—I grew hard while she spoke—I did not want to be having this conversation in Sammy's car. Then I shrugged, what the fuck, did it really matter? "Mrs. Honeywell, I asked you a question." 

"Oh, yes. I was getting ready to go home."

"Done with work?" 

"Yes."

I sighed. "I need your, ah, I need you go to go to the Kingdom Community Mall. Go to the Kingdom Cinema and wait for me. What dress do you have on?"

"Are we going to the movies?" 

"What are you wearing? Straight skirt or something looser?"

Alissa hissed into the phone. "A straight skirt but I have something looser to change into."

"Good. Change." I spied Sammy's car. "And Alissa, no panties in case I want to fuck you in the theater. Understood?" My voice came out harsh, commanding. I was just rushed but her response did not acknowledge that; she responded to my tone of voice. "Meet me at the entrance."

"Yes, sir. I will be there." 

I looked at the time on my phone. "By five o'clock. Can you make it?" 

"Depends on traffic." She said. 

"Try. See you there. Oh, Alissa, it wasn't last night, that was Wednesday." I hung up. 

Sammy arrived and the Camaro purred like a contented panther. I jumped in and he looked at me. "Fuck me, Sonny, what are you up to? You have the look."

"Just drive." I said. "I'm in a hurry." 

He pulled into traffic. "Where to?" He said, his voice sober. 

"Kingdom Community Mall." I said. "Step on it. You're late."

Sammy grinned. He put the beast in gear and got us onto the freeway with a lurch and a roar. 

When we were cruising, tightly nestled into rush hour Friday traffic, I said, "What look?"

Sammy glanced at me. "That look you get when you are about to rattle someone with something radical. Like when Landon told you, you had thirty days to do your mom before we all moved on. I think back to that moment and the look on your face and I just laugh. If we had only known what was coming at us then or what you had been doing. Fuck me! We had no idea. By then you had fucked some of our moms, even mine I bet and you just agree to hurry. " 

We drove in silence for a while, which for Sammy was unusual. He nearly always had something to say, regardless of what else was going on. That's how we knew he was awake. After a while he did speak up. 

"Sonny, dude, uh my mom, was she really supposed to fuck me the other night or did I get her in trouble?"

I looked over at the guy and chuckled. "Why? Not like you can undo it, is it?"

He grunted. "Sonny, I know I speak for all the guys but we are all amazed at what has happened. Except for me and Chris, I guess, Brent and Landon can be fucking their mother's all the time. You too. We, Chris and I, we have Annie, which, by the way was a nice touch. I don't think Brent or Landon have done her like Chris and I have. Jeezus but she likes being rounded up and done. She screams into an orgasm as soon as I get her panties off and shove cock into her. It is like the whole thing is new and surprising every fucking time! She fights like a hellcat and comes like a demon. She fucking loves being buttfucked after a strong climax." He looked over at me. "And it is all your doing. I mean, I just wanted to say 'thanks', in case no one else told you. We all really appreciate what you have done."

"Even taking your mom away from you?" I asked, surprised and not a little touched by his words. Then the reality of it gobsmacked me and I felt the elation of being a motherfucker, one of five. When you run off a cliff over deep water, it is kind of nice to know you have four other guys in over their head's too. So far no one had hit a rock. So far so good, said the guy falling off a 100 floor building at the 50th floor. So far so good!

Sammy swung the car into the Mall entrance and pulled into a parking space. "You don't get it, do you? If I never fucked her again. If Aunt Melissa and Mom both closed up shop and gave me the big heave ho! and I never sniffed a whiff of them high with sex again, if I never tasted the salt of excitement on their necks again, if we went back to the way things were and I looked at them like, well, like Aunt and Mother, again . . . if that happened I still wouldn't care. I would have what we have done. I'll never again be awkward around a woman. I'll be imagining my aunt stripped and screaming with orgasm when I meet a woman I like. Now, I'll figure I can get that for us both. You did that for me at least and I know Chris feels the same way. He told me about getting caught by Annie's old man and scampering out of her house starkers. He said it was terrifying but he was never so excited as nearly getting caught. He went up and had my Mom suck him off, covered with eau d'Annie. My Mom did and thanked him and then begged him to fuck her. He refused. Can you imagine! He refused to fuck that woman, tied to the bed like that! My own mother wanted it from him, he tells me and we compare notes. And I believe that when it comes time for Mrs. Wills to get into the mix, she will fuck me just as well as my mom fucks Chris. That is a fucking work of art. I don't know if anyone else noticed but I have. Anyway, thanks!" 

I nodded and shook his offered hand. I tried to think of something profound to say but all I could think about what Kyla Clark's ass and Sammy's mom waiting with a loose skirt hugging her hips. I nodded and got out and sauntered towards the entrance of the mall, ebullient at the expression of gratitude. It made the madness of my latest plot seem almost sane. Sammy roared off and I turned my mind to the task before me. For a moment, though, I was struck by Sammy's lack of curiosity. It felt like he had faith in me and had no need to horn in on whatever I was doing. I checked the time and saw I had a few minutes and so did not need to hurry. I arrived at the entrance of the theater about ten till five. I was late. I texted Kyla and looked around. I told her I was getting a ticket and suggested she should take her panties off. She sent back a little smiley face. 

When I saw Alissa I nearly came. She wore a sheer black top that showed her great breasts held in thrall by a brilliant white bra, shimmering under the blouse against her dark skin. The skirt was a frothy maxi that tickled her calves but jumped with each step she took, twitching as she moved, as her hips swished back and forth, really. She cocked her hips to and fro with each step like she was on a catwalk, overstepping, placing each foot across the other to maximize the bump of her bum. Her walk made the skirt jump with each shift of her ass. God but she was sexy! I was not the only one who stared. She stopped, standing before me like she was waiting for inspection. I groaned audibly and a smile ghosted her rich lips. 

"I am going to use you, now." I said softly. 

She nodded. "Took you long enough. If you had not called the other night . . . I know, it was Wednesday. If you had not called, I was about ready to come find you." 

I repeated myself, just to be sure she heard me, that she consciously agreed. "I am going to use you." 

She nodded, slowly, her eyes smoldering. 

I took it to be agreement. But then I thought better of it. "Say it."

"Please, Sonny, use me." She breathed, her voice rattling with nervous excitement. I took her hand and led her to the ticket window. The little guy there could barely make English work his mouth was so dry. He never once looked at me and I don't think he ever looked Alissa in the eye. She fairly glowed, floating beside me as we left the window while the little man looked her right in the tits. Her strut said "take me, now" and every guy that glanced our way, did the classic double-take except the two gay guys who saw us and pointed and I assumed began talking about her fashion statement, the one that said "take me now." Even they seemed to appreciate her signage. 

We found the theater and I hesitated at the door. I pondered telling her about what was going to happen but then opened the door. Part of the thrill was giving her that feeling of confused anticipation, of being out of control, feeling utterly in my care. Suspense is a commodity, precious and tricky. 

The theater was dark for a moment but then the opening scene of the movie started. I let my eyes adjust and then moved to the end of the entrance divider and looked up at the sparse crowd. I realized I had not asked Kyla where she was sitting. But then I studied the layout and found the darkest, most remote corner and pulled Alissa up the stairs towards it, keeping firm hold of her hand, pulling her along. When we arrived before the row Kyla had claimed, six seats with her siting two in, I moved past her, presenting her with my crotch, pulling Alissa past me. I sat the black woman against the wall. She nearly disappeared in the gloom. I sat down, leaving a seat between Kyla and us. I flipped up the divider between Alissa and I. 

Alissa sat tensely beside me. I pushed my arm around her waist and she sagged against me. A hand tentatively descended to my knee and then trickled up my leg till she pressed it against my hard cock. I groaned, loud enough for Kyla to hear. Alissa lifted her hand but with my other hand I pressed it back into place. I leaned into her and whispered into her ear. 

"Do you have panties on?" 

She shook her head. 

"I did not hear you."

"No sir, I do not have panties on."

"Pardon me? I still did not hear you?"

She shivered in my clutches. "I am sorry, sir," she whispered. In a normal voice she spoke, "No, I do not have panties on." 

I so wanted to glance at Kyla and see if she knew who I had next to me but I did not dare. I did not want to confuse the issue. With the hand around Alissa, I gripped her side, feeling that sharp muscle that blended into the swell of her hips. I moved a hand up to grasp her breast, shifting to cup it fully with my lucky hand. I leaned around her. Her head turned and my lips found hers. She kissed me hard. I pulled her hard against me, twisting to make the kiss jangle her. 

Her hands seemed to appear from nowhere. One arm looped around my neck and the other found my cock and rubbed me through the slacks. I leaned more fully against her, pressing her back into the seat, almost standing. My arm moved up her back to lay around her shoulders. I broke the kiss. "You know what I want." I said softly. 

"Yesssss." Alissa hissed at me. "But, Sonny, she is watching." 

"Maybe she will join us." I breathed, trying to make the words without speaking them. I succeeded in getting the thought to Alissa. She shuddered. 

"What if . . . " She began.

"She won't." I said. "She wants to see it. She wants it." 

For a moment, Alissa was still, utterly without motion. Then she grunted. A soft moment in the movie left her sound bare around us. Alissa shuddered again, hearing her own voice and the assent in it accentuated her arousal. 

I sat back and pulled both hands away from her. For a moment only our thighs touched then she bent forward and lifted her ass, holding tight to the seat back in front of us. We sat right over the entrance way into the theater. I wanted to look Kyla's direction but did not. Alissa moved over between my knees and when I spread them, she sat down, grinding her ass into my crotch. My hand slipped under her arms and I palmed both breasts. 

"Oh gawd." She groaned. It did not seem loud but I could not tell. My heart hammered so loudly I could not judge sounds relative to anyone else. I pushed Alissa forward a little and quickly opened my pants. I pulled my cock out of my briefs, wondering why I had not prepared better for this moment. Alissa sat back and my bare cock bent against the small of her back. She groaned again, twitching her ass against the cock she could obviously feel awaiting her. 

Slowly, I began to pull her fluffy maxi up her legs. She continued to cover her knees with it even as the backside of it inched higher and higher. Finally, she bent forward and lifted her ass. I pulled the back of her skirt over her ass and up to her waist, leaving her bare. She sat down on the seat and hissed with the feel of the cool leather on her ass and thighs, or perhaps it was the feel of my bare cock against her ass and back. She lifted a leg and draped it over my leg. I moved my leg in till she was half sitting on me, tilted oddly in the seat. She grunted and then lifted her other leg. My legs closed and she sat forward, her weight on my upper thighs. She took firm hold of the seatback and got her feet on the floor and stood up, not standing exactly but lifting her ass till my cock traced a wet track down the luxurious cleft of her ass cheeks. 

"Put it in." She sighed. Then she repeated herself, speaking in a normal voice. "Put it in please." 

God but I wanted to glance at Kyla, but one woman was asking to feel my cockhead at the entrance to her pussy; I needed to stay focused. With one hand I moved the tip of my cock down her ass crack , passing near her asshole before feeling the wet slickness of her pussy on the back of my hand. Alissa held still as the head of my cock sliced between her velvet lips, newly damp with her excitement. They kissed the head of my cock, wetting it as I pushed it along her furrow. The black woman groaned, a sound enveloped by the noise of the movie but loud in my ears. I stopped my motion, moved a hand to the side of her hip and waited. Alissa sighed, "yes". She tipped forward a bit and then shoved back. Her pussy parted and she slide slowly down onto my cock. "Oh," she moaned as I penetrated her. Her weight rocked back and she sat down firmly, taking my cock deep into her clinging pussy. I was inside her. She groaned. Her head rolled and she ground her body down onto my cock before settling back into me, laying her head as far back as could. 

I kissed the side of her exposed neck. 

She leaned forward and widened her legs, holding fast to the seat back in front of us while rocking her ass back and forth on me, stirring her pussy with my cock. The feeling when my cock slipped inside of the woman nearly stole away my reason. Now, however, I did look at Kyla. Alissa wasn't going to notice, that was for sure. Kyla was staring at us. Her face a pallid smear in the darkness with little glints of light marking her eyes. 

"She is watching us." I whispered, my voice harsh. 

The black woman grinding her body down onto my hard cock moaned, a soft acknowledgement. Alissa lifted her body and bore down on me harder once more, shifting her hips as she fit me back deep inside of her body. My cock slashed deeply into her, a piercing pleasure than fixed my attention on our conjoined bodies. She shuddered and then suddenly she tensed. Her body shook once and then she was leaning back into me, her hips twerking back and forth as she ground her pussy down onto my cock, hunching and shifting as she sealed us together in the cool darkness. 

I turned away from Kyla. 

I placed both hands on Alissa's hips but then moved them under the skirt, placing them on her wonderful smooth black skin, the tight, firm skin, taut and luxurious. I pulled her more fully into my lap, her legs spread over the top of mine. I positioned her properly, planted my feet and then lifted my hips, sending my cock an inch deeper into the woman while taking her weight fully onto my cock. Alissa whimpered. Her legs splayed, opening her body to the pleasure of containing a man's complete attention. Her whimper turned into a groan and then she stiffened and jerked just once. I concentrated for a moment on my cock and I swear I felt her pussy massaging it as she climaxed. Her whole body seemed to turn to steel, tense and still. She held the posed, her hands gripping my sides as she steadied herself as the erotic thrill surged through her. Her body pulsed a time or two, communicating her ecstasy to me directly. "Oh, yes, yes, yes." She chanted as her hips bucked over me, planting my cock in her with each punctuated affirmation. I fixed my hands on the inside of each thigh and pulled her apart. Her body became a peel, sealed over my cock. She grunted and sat forward, rocking side to side from ass cheek to ass cheek. Suddenly, my own climax roared out of the darkness and I filled her hard and fast, grunting with eye-watering passion. My lust filled me and flowed to her. It filled her and then she shook with it herself and it flowed back to me. Back and forth the thrill bounced through us. 

Alissa's whole body seemed to be in motion without moving off of my lap. She finally quit shaking but then she lifted her ass and then plunked her body down onto my spasming cock. I arched with the connection and the last few thrusts of my cock seemed to trigger a new reaction in the woman. Alissa slumped forward onto her forearms, pillowing her head in her arms on the back of the seat, vacant as was the whole row in front of us. She began to grind her ass, slashing her pussy over and over with my cock while she whimpered. On the big screen, I saw a pair of bare tits and a man kissing them. When I could, pulled Alissa back and cupped her breasts. When I squeezed and massaged them, she moaned and shifted her body, widening her legs again, opening herself completely to me. My cock calmed and I held her over my lap. We both panted, sucking air as thought the oxygen content had been reduced. 

"Oh fuck." Alissa hissed. "Oh god, Sonny." Her voice seemed to hang in the darkness around us. She shifted. "I never. I never. I never." She muttered. She twisted and tried to kiss me but could not turn. She sat still for a moment then turned her head. 

"I need the women's room, I think." She said, her voice amused, pleased. "How did you like that? 

I grunted, gathering my energy from wherever it had scattered. I felt drained one moment but then my eyes seemed to see, the scenes on the screen of a man kissing a woman appeared. I became conscious of the dim relief of the theater and the subtle silhouettes facing the light. I heaved a contented sigh and helped her stand. She sidled out of the row, showing her ass to Kyla. As soon as Alissa turned into the exit ramp below us, Kyla was over beside me, flipping up the chair arm. 
