 Sharin and Ingrid usually spent at least one day a week together. Since neither had to work, they enjoyed shopping and lunching together. Lately, their weekly lunch time conversations focused on their respective sex life – or, lack of it.

This particular warm, sunny Tuesday, they visited the shops at a huge outlet mall near their home. Later, they enjoyed lunch on the patio of a nearby restaurant. During lunch, Ingrid began complaining about her husband.

“With him, it’s work-work-work. We enjoy the money, but I’d like some attention from him,” she said.

“I know the feeling,” said Sharin. “Last night I wore that red teddy I bought a few weeks ago. I thought it would arouse his interest. Instead, he wanted to watch TV instead. I ended up going to bed and using my vibrator.”

“We need to find something real to play with,” Ingrid said. 

“I’ve already done that,” confided Sharing. “Can you keep a secret?”

“Of course,” said Ingrid as she leaned forward to hear more of the details.

“Well, about a month ago, I happened to be in the bank where I used to work and this man that used to do some consulting work for our bank was there visiting the President. 

Sharin went on to tell Ingrid about the flirting she and Mister Ree had engaged in when he did work for the bank. “We even made love once and it was heavenly,” Sharin added.

“Are you going to get together again with him,” Ingrid asked.

“Yes, he gave me his card and I called him last Friday,” Karen said. “He said when I was ready for some serious lovemaking to give him a call.”

“Well, what are you waiting for, Ingrid asked? “Take me back home and call him. Maybe you two can get together this afternoon.”

“I guess I could – he only lives three miles from here,” Sharin offered. Suddenly Sharin sat up in her chair. “I’ve got a better idea,” she beamed. “You and I are going to pay a visit to Mister Ree’s place.”

At first Ingrid was hesitant – but, she relented. They paid their check and drove to Mister Ree’s house. Sharin turned off the highway into an exclusive wooded area where all the homes sat on five-acre parcels. 

“Watch for 2222 Hillcrest, Ingrid.”

“Here’s 2224 – so, it must be the next place on the right,” Ingrid said.

They pulled into the driveway next to a white Cadillac SUV. “That’s his car – he has his name on the license plate,” said Sharin.

Ingrid looked to see MR REE on the plate. “Don’t you think we should call first,” she asked? “What if his wife is home?”

Sharin assured her that Mister Ree was single and that stopping by shouldn’t be a problem. “I have a hunch he will be glad to see us,” Sharin smiled.

They stepped up on the porch and rang the doorbell. Thirty seconds later, Sharin pushed the button again. Finally she suggested they go alongside the garage and she if they could get into the back yard.

“What if he’s not home,” Ingrid worried? “I don’t want to get us arrested for trespassing.”

The yard was surrounded by a high fence. Sharin smiled and opened the gate saying, “Well, Ingrid, here goes.”

The yard was immaculately landscaped with trees, flowers and shrubs. Three pathways angled off from the entrance and, in the distance, the women heard the sound of rushing water.

Sharin led Ingrid down the path closest to the house. As they rounded a bend, they saw Mister Ree lying naked in a lounge chair. Ingrid gasped when she saw his tanned body glistening from the suntan lotion. Even though his penis was soft, it was long and hung alongside his leg. His testicles were the size of plums.

Mister Ree opened his eyes and sat up. “Well, hello Sharin. What brings you here?”

Sharin introduced Ingrid and told him about their shopping adventure and lunch. “I hope you don’t mind that we stopped over uninvited,” she said.

“Not at all, ladies. Have a seat. May I offer you some lemonade?”

Sharin and Ingrid each sat in a lounger and admired Mister Ree’s body as he rose and went into the house. A few minutes later, he returned with a pitcher of lemonade and three glasses. His cock and balls bounced as he walked across the patio stones.

“Your yard is beautiful,” Sharin commented. “It’s almost like being in the Garden of Eden,” she added laughingly.

Ingrid smiled and said, “Well if this is the Garden of Eden, Mister Ree must be Adam.”

“Yes, I’m a lucky guy,” Mister Ree said. “Just think, I have two Eves in my garden.”

He then suggested they undress and sunbathe with him. Both Sharin and Ingrid were hesitant. Ingrid had never been naked with anyone except her husband. Sharin had been with Mister Ree before – but, never with another woman present.

“I don’t bite,” Mister Ree smiled. “Unless, of course, you want me to,” he added.

He suggested he put lotion on their bodies to protect against sunburn. “Let’s do you first, Ingrid,” he said. “You have the fairest complexion.”

Ingrid laid face down on a lounger and Mister Ree began applying lotion to her legs. “Come and help me, Sharin,” he said. “You can start with her shoulders.”

Together they massaged the lotion into Ingrid. She could feel her nipples harden as two pair of hands caressed her body. Ingrid moaned slightly when Mister Ree’s hands slid between her legs and up her thighs. Sharin watched as Ingrid parted her thighs and Mister Ree’s hands slid across her bottom and touched the lips of her pussy.

Sharin’s nipples began to harden and he felt her pussy get wet. She had never been in a situation like this and she was getting turned on by the sights and sounds before her.

“Turn over, Ingrid,” Mister Ree suggested. When Ingrid turned over, her nipples were rock hard. Her legs were still parted and Sharin could see her parted pussy lips.

“You start at the top Sharin – and, I’ll start at the bottom. “I’ll meet you in the middle,” Mister Ree smiled.

Sharin massaged lotion into Ingrid’s arm and the breasts. Ingrid moaned when Sharin’s hands touched her nipples. She began to thrust her hips toward Mister Ree’s fingers and he slid them up her thighs and between her legs. Sharin looked down and watched Mister Ree’s fingers caress Ingrid’s hairless pussy lips. Ingrid closed her eyes and moaned, “I’m cumming, I’m cumming!”

Ingrid panted and thrust her pussy against Mister Ree’s fingers. Sharin tugged at Ingrid’s nipples and began to feel tingles in her pussy. Sharin’s own nipples were hard. 

After a few moments, Ingrid’s movements slowed and her breathing became calmer. Mister Ree leaned down and kissed Ingrid’s lips. Then he turned and kissed Sharin. “We better get some lotion on you, too”, he said.

“I want to help,” Ingrid smiled.

(Continued in Chapter Two of “Adam & Two Eves”)