 Ann, my gorgeous, perfect wife of three and a half years, and I have enjoyed quite the sexual journey in the past year. Inviting other individuals into our most intimate activity was something neither one of us would have ever imagined when we said "I do," and we are convinced that 90 percent of couples would never be able to manage the attendant complications that come with group sex. However, Ann and I have been told again and again that our relationship is truly special, founded on honesty, integrity and, of course, genuine love for each other. It's something we think every couple could have if they worked for it. Those qualities have allowed me to enjoy watching Ann get fucked by other men, even multiple men at once, and then getting my chance to join in the action. Our adoration for and loyalty to each other has only strengthened since we embraced the stag-vixen lifestyle.

Finding the right people has been the key and has had mixed results. On one hand, none of them has spoiled our real life, which is saturated with potential to be disrupted if less understanding people found out about the naughty things we have done behind closed doors. We are both professionals who work 40-plus hours per week, devoted parents to our very young daughter and widely regarded as role models of family values and morality. All of this is true. The occasional threesome or gangbang - when no one is cheating and the husband and wife are having fun and sincerely aiming to please the other - does not make one immoral, in our opinion.

On the other hand, the men weren't always the most interesting or most attractive. They weren't ugly losers; they just weren't necessarily the guys worthy of having sex with the most beautiful and precious woman on the planet for one reason or another. In our exploration, a total of nine lucky guys had enjoyed the divine pleasure of penetrating my wife. One was her sister's husband, who isn't into group sex involving other men, or else we might have gone down that road. The door for more sister swaps remains open, but I don't imagine we will all get together at any point. Another of the nine is her ex. While he no doubt was the "sexiest" of the group in Ann's estimation, she thought it best to not continue with him, and I agreed. It was fun sharing her with him, but the past has a way of haunting you.

Only two of the strangers we met were guys we could see ourselves being friends with in real life. One lives a bit of a trip away and has appeared to lose contact with us. The other is still open, but we suspect he has a girlfriend, and we are not on board with infidelity. Our inability to be truly satisfied with a male partner hasn't really been an issue, though, since we took a bit of a break from the group thing while we focus on our family. We have still been making some efforts to meet people online though in case something clicks.

One thing we had chosen to steer away from is including real friends. Not only do we know very few people who would see eye-to-eye on our new lifestyle, literally no one would be available to participate, mainly because of an existing relationship. Plus, when dealing with men we meet online, we can keep our personal details (job, address, etc.) a secret. Not so with friends. To date, I have told only one of my friends that I had started to share my wife. He and I go years back and even stood up in each other's weddings. Ann had told only one of her friends, who is female. Beside those two, only my sister-in-law and her husband are privy to our setup.

A breakthrough came this past November. As tragic as it was for my friend, whom we will call Pat, his wife cheated on him, and they are now going through a divorce. Pat had always been Ann's favorite of my friends. He was a tall, good-looking, easy going guy and a talented musician. Since he already was my only buddy who knew about Ann and my group sex, I always thought he would have been the guy if I were ever going to share Ann with a personal friend. Before the turn of the year, I mentioned the idea to Ann, and she was fully on board. She even suggested to invite him to spend the night following the annual New Year's party we hosted so she could treat us both to a little action. Unfortunately, Pat never showed up to the party. Now, I hadn't told him that Ann was going to suck his cock if he did. He's kicking himself over that one now.

We didn't talk about inviting Pat again until a couple months later. After Ann and I did a night away in a hotel where my wife raised the bar by doing a strip dance for me followed by incredible sex, I was unable to stop praising her. I told her how I wanted to tell people about how sexy she was, and the first person who came to mind was Pat. Ann liked how excited she had made me and encouraged me to tell Pat anything I wanted. It was at that point that I suggested it would be really hot if she did a little show for him as well as me. After all, it wouldn't be the first time I saw her take her clothes off in front of multiple men. Ann responded by saying that if Pat would even want to join us for a threesome, she would do it. I think I laughed. Like any single guy, let alone a good friend like Pat who needed to be cheered up as much as anyone, would not want to be sexually pleasured by my hot Italian wife. 

Since my buddy and I try to get together at least once a month for lunch, I texted him about grabbing a bite the following Saturday. When Saturday came, I headed out the door and kissed my wife goodbye. With a sly smile, she told me to let me know what he says. I let her know I found it really exciting to be taking this step.

Pat and I met at a nearby fast food place and I carefully chose a table in the back corner where we were less likely to be overheard. I asked Pat how he was doing, and it seemed he was essentially just hanging in there. He asked me of my welfare, so I went into the fun-filled weekend Ann and I had enjoyed last week, sparing no details about my wife, her outfit, her dancing and the sex. Knowing that Pat was well-aware of Ann and my recent taking to group sex, I added that she made me really want to share her again soon. I then point-blank asked him if he ever thought about fucking my wife. He quickly and carefully responded that he would never do that behind my back. I told him I was talking about a threesome, two dudes fucking one hot girl. He was on board, and from there we set a date for two weeks from then for him to come over later in the evening and allow my sexy spouse to help cheer him up. As we were making the plans, I was texting Ann with the updates, further evidence for Pat that we meant business. It went even easier and less awkwardly than I had expected.

When I got home, it turned out Ann hadn't had her phone with her because she was busy being a mother. I told her that Pat would be coming over around 8:30 just short of two weeks from then, so she needed to prepare her A game. Ann smiled, laughed and told me that she was really excited. I told her I couldn't wait to finally show her off to one of my real friends.

Over the next couple weeks, life among the three of us went as normal. Ann and I balanced work and family life and even managed to have sex a few times. Pat and I texted every few days about sports and trivial thing without a mention of Ann, let alone the fact that she was scheduled to be a shared tasty treat for the two of us very soon. It wasn't until the day before that Pat texted me to ask if we were still on for the following night. I confirmed the time and place, and he said he was really looking forward to it and would see us then.

Friday was quite a whirlwind, thanks to work, daycare and trying to throw together a family dinner by the time we got home at almost 5:30 pm. After eating, Ann got our daughter started in the process for bedtime while I cleaned the house as much as I could. By 7:30, the kid was down, the house was clean, and Ann and I were able to take turns in the shower to get clean and relaxed in preparation for what would certainly be an unforgettable night. By 8:15, we were both clean, so I was getting the setting in order while Ann put on her make up and did her hair.

I wasn't sure how to set the mood here. It wasn't a romantic environment we were going for, since this was dirty, carnal sex with a married couple and their friend. I didn't light any candles or play romantic music. As I made preparations in the living room, Ann suggested we use the finished corner of our basement. She and I had fucked down there only once, and it was actually just earlier this week, so I imagine that was why the idea was fresh in Ann's head. I went down there to turn on some lights, pull out some blankets on the couch and select some songs on my phone that would set a fun party-type atmosphere.

Just a minute past 8:30, Ann called to me to tell me she was ready. About a minute later, Pat pulled in, so I met him at the service door and brought him into the house. I realized then that it was actually his first time in our new house, which we had moved into just at the end of this past summer. I asked if he wanted a tour first or if he wanted to move along right to Ann. We both just wanted to get right to it.

I led Pat to basement and let Ann know we were ready. "OK, start the music!" she said. I was a little worried she was going to wake the baby, but that kid slept through everything. Once I got the tunes going, Ann came down the stairs, slowly, sexily, wearing nothing but the red lingerie I had bought her for Valentine's Day, the matching thong and the same pair of black, open-toe high heels she had worn when she last danced for me. We originally were going to forgo the shoes this time, since they were a treat specifically for me, but they really did add to her presentation, and this night was all about showing her off. I told her she could take them off right after the strip tease so she would be comfortable when Pat and I began to have our way with her. Those sexy shoes clacked on each step of the stairs as the meat made her way to two hungry men.

Pat's jaw dropped and he cursed. He knew my 5'5" slender, tan wife was pretty, but he had never seen her like this. With her breasts practically hanging out, her belly button exposed and those sexy legs bare down to her shoes, my wife's body screamed eroticism in a way none of my friends had seen before. "Damn, dude," Pat said. "You lucky dog."

"She hasn't even started yet," I replied. Ann blushed, looking every bit as hot as she had a few weeks prior with her perfectly done make up, those deep brown eyes popping behind her mascara, and that beautiful dark hair that was reaching for her shoulders again after she'd had it cut short a few months back. The sexy vixen strutted right by us, saying only "Hi, Pat" with a naughty smile as she made her way to the middle of the room and immediately began to sway to the music. I directed Pat to have a seat on the couch, and I sat next to him while my hot wife began to show off to my friend what I already had the pleasure of enjoying every day.

Letting go of her inhibitions, which she had become very good at doing around me no matter who else was around, Ann swayed her hips, shook her ass and rocked her body to the beat of the music. Pat and I didn't exchange words or really pay much attention to each other at all, seeing as our eyes were magnetized to the spectacle in front of us. As Ann's little dance progressed, she played with the straps on her lingerie, accompanied by teasing smiles and she refused to allow the teddy to drop farther than her nipples at first. At last, she reached around her back to unlatch the garment and then turned around, that beautiful ass in that sexy thong on full display as my wife slowly pushed the lingerie down her back until it was past her hips, where it then hit the floor around her heels. Still grinning, Ann faced us, her hands over her boobs but for just a moment longer. Then the hands moved, showcasing her lovely breasts to my good friend, who still didn't say a word. I couldn't help but take a quick glance at his pants just to confirm the only possibility in this context: he was clearly hard for my wife.

Ann strutted over to us, still wearing the heels but nothing else. She dropped to her knees in front of us, landing right between us but reaching for my sweatpants to pull them away from my rock-hard cock. This is the point where my friendship with Pat took a twist, as we had never seen each other's junk before. In this context, it didn't unnerve me at all, not that I could speak for Pat. Not only had I gotten used to seeing other guys fuck my wife (let alone seeing them naked), what was happening here was too going to be too much fun to let a little homophobia get in the way.

As Ann began to stroke and suck my cock, she welcomed Pat to unleash his when he was ready. He snapped right to it, undoing his jeans and revealing a pretty impressive pecker that brought a smile to Ann's face when she took her mouth off my cock and stroked it instead. Ann then reached up with her other hand so that she was stroking us simultaneously and then decided to suck off my friend, who moaned with pleasure. Ann proceeded to take turns sucking us both off, expertly working the entire organ and certainly delivering as much pleasure to Pat as she was to me.

Ann sucked us off like a champ for a couple minutes and then decided to get a little silly. With a goofy smile on her face and a cock in each hand, she pulled our dicks closer and closer as she stroked them, saying she going to make them touch. It didn't really bother me. By this point, my nuts had incidentally touched another nut sack a few times with all the times Ann had been double-penetrated now, so it didn't really unnerve me. I responded by telling her if she made them touch, she had to try to fit them in her mouth together. Ann laughed and then moved right along to bring both heads past her lips.

Neither of us guys even cared that our cocks were touching as Ann, double-fisted, crammed as much of them past her lips as she could. Her tongue slid around and between the two heads, ensuring that I all but forgot that my manhood was in contact with one of my best friends. Ann secured both dicks in her mouth for just a moment before pulling them out and then quickly but seductively taking turns with each of them, holding them close together and sucking and licking each one at a time.

Once Ann pulled back, releasing our cocks, she stood up and pulled her shoes off, signaling for me that she was ready for her turn. Pat and I got off the couch, and I guided Ann to take our place. She lay down with her head on the armrest and spread her legs just enough for me to kneel in front of her to get her started. It was at this point that I took my clothes off, not at all deterred by my buddy's presence. This part was a little awkward for him, I bet, as I started to eat out Ann's tasty pussy while she held her legs up and ran her hand through my hair. He didn't take his eyes off my wife though.

I licked my wife's pussy for about a minute before I offered it to Pat. He quickly took my place while I leaned over the couch, over Ann's chest and massaged her shoulders and ran my fingers through her head as our friend ate her pussy. My hands migrated to her breasts, giving them hard squeezes and adding to her pleasure. Eventually, I leaned in further and sucked her tits, all while Pat continued to pleasure her orally, priming her for the main event that was approaching fast.

After several minutes of tasting my wife, Pat and I were both off the couch, and Ann sat up. Pat stripped at point, so we were all completely naked and totally comfortable with it. We had a brief discussion over how do proceed, and we agreed that each guy would get a couple solo runs with Ann before we both took her at the same time. Being a generous host and a good friend, I gave Pat the first turn. We spent the next moment getting everyone lubed up, including Ann's ass to prepare it for use later. Then Ann bent over the couch lay on her back, spread her legs and looked over her shoulder as Pat stepped up behind her as he guided his cock into my wife's twat.

Pat gripped Ann's waist and slowly thrust forward until, pushing his cock into my wife inch by inch, he finally slid all the way inside her. Meanwhile, I had taken a seat on the armchair that was set at a right angle to the couch, giving me a perfect view of my wife's taking my friend's dick. I couldn't help but stroke my own shaft, as it was insanely arousing to watch as my buddy began to pump in and out of my wife from behind. The two were moaning instantly, a big smile evident on Ann's face as she pushed her hair out of her face and braced herself against the back of the couch while she looked over at me and took the steady fucking.

"Fuck, dude!" Pat cursed, still holding onto Ann and now pounding her harder and faster. "That's good pussy!" I hadn't been with as many girls in my life as Pat had, so that compliment meant something to both Ann and me. Ann laughed, still getting pushed forward and back as my friend screwed her, and I thanked him, saying I was glad my wife was able to pick him up a bit tonight. "Oh hell yeah, man," he said and continued to fill Ann's pussy with his eager prick.

I watched Pat fuck my wife like that for a few minutes before I took my turn. He and I switched places, he on the armchair and I setting up behind my wife. She was sufficiently lubed up, not to mention wet, so I slipped into her with relative ease and went right to nailing her, gently scratching and massaging her back as I started off pumping into her slowly while Pat watched us. It wasn't at all unnerving having one of my best friends as a spectator to Ann's and my lovemaking anymore than it had been to watch him take her himself.

My hands gravitated to Ann's tight ass, giving it a couple gentle slaps. Then I reached for her shoulders, pressing my thumbs deep into flesh, making her groan from the massage as well as the steady penetration of my body into hers. Next, I slid my hands underneath her, grabbing onto both her boobs and squeezing them as I held her close to me and continued to pummel her from behind. Finally, I straightened my back again, held onto her hips and leaned a bit to the side so I could watch her breasts swing back and forth as I slammed into her over and over again while we both moaned.

After several minutes of pounding Ann like that, I offered Pat one more solo turn. This time, Ann got on her back, resting her head on the armrest and lifting and spreading her legs to welcome our friend back into her temple. Pat had one knee on the couch and the other foot on the floor as he shuffled in. Ann rested her ankles on Pat's shoulders and lay her hands above her head on the armrest as well while Pat slipped back inside my wife. I took my seat on the armchair again and watched, my view this time being of Ann's feet by my friend's head and her lovely boobs heaving upward as Pat slammed into her.

Pat held onto Ann's thighs and went right to pumping deep into Ann, quickly increasing his pace so that he was nailing her hard and fast before long. Ann's tan body bounced slightly up and down the couch cushion as my friend fucked her, a smile still having never left her face since the time she came down the stairs. Before long, Ann invited Pat to grab her tits, which he did without hesitation, cursing and panting as he gave our now shared goddess the worship she deserved.

I let Pat fuck Ann like that for a little while, hoping he would make her cum. Ann got close a couple times but frustration set in as she simply couldn't get there. It happens occasionally with her, and a change of position (or, in this case, a change of men), almost always did the trick. Pat pulled out and got off the couch, giving me another compliment on my sexy wife as he took a minute to come down a bit and prepare for his next turn. I took his place, Ann still on her back. I lay down on top of her, kissing her as she wrapped her arms and legs around me and pushing me herself into her tight, wet cunt.
