 I'm going to tell you how it started. How it all came about that you and John were invited round. How you all came to fuck me tonight.

We'd got drunk last Friday. My husband, Tom, and I, spent half the evening curled up together with a bottle of JD. I think he'd planned it; he'd been on at me for ages to tell me about my fantasies but I'd always resisted. We've been married about a year and I'd never want to jeopardise what we have. The thing was that by not telling him what was in my head he never told me what was in his. Our sex life is always good and neither of us wanted to put it at risk; but that night we opened a few doors and never want to go back through them again!

It was a hot, muggy summer evening. We'd spent the day in our stuffy offices sitting in clammy clothes so when we got home we both headed for the shower. I got there first but Tom joined me almost immediately. Normally he waits his turn but he was in no mood to delay anything that night. I felt his hand curl around my waist and pull my body against his. He lowered his head to kiss my neck and I let my head fall back onto his shoulder. I love it when he kisses me there and I felt a wicked tingle course through my body. His erection, thick and hard pushed against the crack of my ass. I love his cock, love it sliding into me and stretching me wide. Love it in my pussy, stretching my ass or between my lips. I had no idea why he was so horny but I loved it. With one arm holding me to him his other hand reached up and gently caressed my breasts as the water cascaded over them. His kisses had aroused my body but his closeness and touch just fuelled my desire.

I was happy to succumb to his attentions, allowing my body to be controlled in his arms. The caresses on my breasts became electric as he played with my long, hard nipples and the hand around my waist slid down to play with my shaven pussy lips. I gasped as I felt his touch on my cunt. My sex was wet with the water from the shower and the juices that I knew were flowing there. God, I was so horny, desperate for his touch on my hard clitty and I begged him to push his fingers into me. I think he was as needy as I was to be inside me and he slid his middle finger hard into my cunt. With his lips on my neck, his hand on my big tits and his finger fucking my love tunnel I came almost instantly. The orgasm ripped through my body and my legs turned to jelly. My clit pushed against his finger as my legs weakened and the pressure continued the orgasm as he finger-fucked me.

It took a few moments for my body to calm down enough for me to turn around and I pressed my firm tits against his lean, muscled body. "God, baby." I said. "That was amazing. I don't think I've ever cum so fast!"

He smiled and held my ass cheeks in his hands, pulling me tight against him and I could feel his hard-on trapped between us. He kissed me deep and his tongue played inside my mouth. I felt him lift me up and push me against the wall of the shower. The cold tiles made me gasp but I gasped even more as he let me slide down a little and onto his raging member. He was so thick, so hard. I couldn't remember him being this big and he stretched my tight pussy as he slid it into me. I was glad that he had made me so wet but the feeling of fullness was wonderful and I was in seventh heaven as he pushed his rigid tool into me. God knows what had turned him on to this level but I loved it and I screamed at him to fuck me hard. It felt like he was splitting me in two as he thrust in and out of me but there was no pain, just the feeling of being stretched by his wonderful cock. 

Tom can normally hold back for ages but this was animal; he just wanted to fuck me. I told him to do it; to screw me hard and use my body. I wanted to be his slut and be fucked like the wanton bitch that I was. He needed no second bidding. He pounded my wet and aching pussy like there was no tomorrow and I could feel his cock engorge inside me as he prepared to shoot his load. Faster and harder he pushed and I felt my own orgasm coming as his hardness forced its way in and out of my slick tunnel. Suddenly his body stiffened and, in a final spasm of thrusts he shot wads of spunk into me, gripping my ass tight in his hands as I felt a breathtaking cum wrack my body. Again and again his body jerked as his cock expelled its seed and I seemed to cum in time with him as I felt his rod swell inside me and against my clit. God, how I came! It was endless and wonderful. I had to find out what had inspired him!

Later that evening, me dressed in just a short, silky nightie and him in a pair of shorts, I was leaning back on him, stretched out on the sofa. We each had a glass in our hands and they'd both been refilled a number of times.

"So," I giggled, "you gonna tell me what brought that little episode on?"

He feigned ignorance and asked me what episode. I told him; the one in the shower. He smiled and told me that he thought it was a big episode. I had to smile too...it was huge! I was feeling light headed and mellow and, with his arm around me, he was stroking his hand up and down from my neck to my thighs. He had, deliberately I'm sure, avoided touching my nipples and pussy but this just made them ache even more, desperate to experience the touch that the rest of my body was enjoying. I asked him to touch me. To play with my nipples and pussy. He looked down at me.

"No." He replied, but he was smiling gently. I begged him. I was so wet and my nipples were hard. He still refused and I asked why. He said he'd been thinking all day of me; he'd let his mind wander into fantasies we'd never talked about and he wanted me to share mine with him. I knew that he knew there was stuff in my head but it took two more drinks, and my cunt screaming for attention before I agreed to tell him but only if he told me his. We both wrote three different fantasies on pieces of paper and then handed them over to each other.

After a minute we both looked at each other, amazed. One of my fantasies had been to be fucked by two other guys. One of his had been to watch me being fucked by other men. He leant over me and kissed me. I felt his fingers slide inside me. He finger fucked me as he told me how he would organise it. How I came that night! It seemed that all night we were talking to each other, embellishing the fantasy, and each idea was itself an aphrodisiac. I remember the dawn light filtering into the room as we fell asleep...

* * * * * * * *

Today. I get home from work. Tom is already back and is preparing some dinner. He's obviously been home a while as he's showered and changed and he tells me to hop into the shower and then come back down for dinner. Twenty minutes later I am wrapped in a robe and we sit down to eat. The bottle of wine is good and, as we finish it, he tells me he's invited some people around. I look up at him, surprised, as we rarely entertain during the week. Then I remember the previous weekend and I realise what he has done. I smile, excited but nervous. He tells me not to worry and that we'll go upstairs and find some "appropriate" clothes.

I almost skip up the stairs, my heart pounding but happy to follow Tom's lead. We pick out some white underwear; a lacy thong and half-cup bra, matching suspenders and white stockings. A micro skirt that only just reaches to the tops of my stockings, a tight, off the shoulder top and high-heeled sandals. He holds me to him and I feel his hands underneath my robe, cupping the cheeks of my ass. He kisses me and his tongue dives deep and I can feel his excitement between us. I rub it gently, aching for it to be inside me, but he draws away telling me that he wants to build the excitement. He can be such a tease! He goes downstairs to clear up and I stay to get dressed. When I am finished I look at myself in the full-length mirror. With the make-up I have applied the effect is close to sluttish which we'd hoped would be just right for the occasion. I go downstairs.

As I enter the lounge I realise that our guests have arrived. Two guys are sitting on the sofa, opposite Tom. Tom introduces them; John, dark-haired and about 6 feet tall. And you. You both say hello but you hardly meet my eyes as your stares travel up and down my body. I know my legs look good and my boobs are thrust tight against the top. I enjoy your stares, relishing the thrill that it gives me and I sit down on the arm of the chair next to Tom. I cross my legs, knowing that it will expose a length of bare, creamy thigh to you both. The look on your faces excites me and I can feel the warmth in my pussy as I realise what it is doing to you.

We have a couple of drinks and chat for a while. You guys seem to relax a bit and the conversation becomes a little less inhibited. I decide that my pussy needs some attention as it's been aching and getter wetter and wetter as I sat and watched you and imagined what you may soon be doing to me. I figure that all three of you have waited long enough for some action. I know that John and you must be aching for the bulges in your jeans haven't diminished at all in the time that I've been sitting there. I pick up the bottle of wine and go over to the two of you on the pretext of re-filling your glasses. I bend to fill John's glass, pouring slowly and smiling at him as I tell him to say "when". His gaze is fixed on the awesome cleavage in front of his face. I stop pouring and tell him that he's forgotten to tell me when to stop. He smiles, embarrassed, and I move over to you. I decided to be a little more forward and kneel on the sofa, my legs either side of your thighs. I sit down gently, feeling the hardness in your trousers under my ass grow as I sit, pouring a little into your glass as you feast your eyes on my tits in front of your face. 

"Tom." I say. "Would you mind putting these glasses on the table for me? I would stand up but I think that this guy needs to suck on my tits and I'd hate to disappoint him." Tom quickly stands, his excitement evident as he takes the glasses away. I take your hands in my own and place them on my breasts. I want you to feel the warm, firmness of my tits and to play with them. In no time you are pressing your face against my tits and playing with my nipples with your teeth and tongue as they stand, long and hard under my clothing. Happy that you are occupied but aching for more I stretch over to John, pulling him towards me and stroking his cock through his trousers. He moves his hand and starts to stroke the length of my thigh, over my stocking tops and then down again just before he reaches my pussy. I can feel his cock thicken as he strokes me and I feel his strong hand caress my inner thigh as it works back up.

Your hands are now under my top and I can feel your hips straining as you push your cock against me. In return I grind down against your hard tool, my pussy aching for relief as much as you are. Suddenly you pull my top over my head and bury your face into my exposed cleavage. Your hands reach around to unclip my bra and then my breasts are free, one nipple being sucked hard into your mouth and the other being rolled between your fingers. I moan as you maul my tits and, at the same time, I raise my ass off of your lap as John's fingers pull the gusset of my thong aside and I feel his fingers slide, easily and deep, into my hot cunt. I push hard against the wonderful invaders, gasping that he should fuck me and make me cum with his fingers. He does. It takes only seconds for me to cum. The orgasm rips through me fuelled by you two hard guys playing with my body. I look up and see Tom, sitting close and able to see everything. His hand is rubbing his obviously hard cock under his clothing and he has a dreamy look on his face. It is good to know that he is enjoying it too and I return to you, my two other lovers.

John stands and tells me to take down his trousers. I stand too and reach for the fastening and quickly slide them down his legs. There is an impressive bulge underneath his black boxer shorts and I go down on my knees and bury my head in his crotch. My mouth finds the outline of his thick cock. I have to have him and want to give him at least as much as he has given me. My hands draw the waistband of his shorts down his legs and his long, hard tool is in front of me. I slip my red, lipstick-covered lips over it, licking its swollen purple head. Slowly I push him back to the sofa, sitting him down. I keep him inside my mouth all the time, my mouth stretched around his thick shaft. I suck, gently and firmly, sliding my lips all the way down and taking him as far as I can into the back of my throat.

Suddenly I feel my skirt being lifted over my waist, revealing my firm, round ass to your gaze. I feel naked flesh against my thighs and know that you have taken your clothes off too. Your fingers slip under the thong of my panties and pull them aside. My pussy is sopping wet, craving more satisfaction from my two, hard men. Still I suck John's cock, feeling the need that I have incited in his body. Then I feel the head of your cock push against my pussy lips. They part easily for you as your shaft slices into my body. You push hard into me, making me squeal as your tool fills me. Your cock thrusts deep and hard inside my body. It's filling me, feeding my aching cunt. That's it, push it in. Push it in hard as you fuck me. I push back against you, desperate for as much of your length as I can take and feel your thighs against my ass as you reach your limit. Now you start to pull out and then thrust, hard, back into me, fucking my cunt as I feel your hands move round and play with my tits.

A cock in my mouth and one in my cunt; I am in Heaven and it makes it even better as I am sure that Tom has his cock out, playing with his tool as he watches me being fucked by two studs. I feel John's cock strain, obviously close to coming, and I want to give him as much help as I can. One hand grasps the base of his tool, wanking it into my mouth as I continue to suck and lick him. My other hand curls around his balls, gently squeezing and encouraging him to cum. He pushes my head almost convulsively harder onto his cock, urging me to fuck him with my mouth. I suck hard, drawing his cum to its rightful destination and then I feel him tense, his stiff rod pushing hard into me and then taste his salty cum, coursing into my mouth and down my throat. Time and again the cream shoots from him, his cock swelling in my mouth as I suck hard, a convulsive movement fuelled by your length in my pussy. It, too, suddenly swells and I can feel your body tense. Oh yes, I know you're going to cum for me; I can feel it hard and swollen, deep in my cunt. My orgasm is so close too and, as you push hard against the walls of my pussy, I cum, jerking and shuddering and moaning as a wonderful torrent of your cum splashes inside my love-tunnel.

Neither of you are eager to leave either the sweet confines of my mouth or pussy and we stay for a moment as I suck gently on John's cock and slide slowly up and down your length. In a while you pull out of me and John slips his length from my mouth but then he pulls me to him. I am given no chance to relax and John's strong arms lower my pussy onto his cock. It must be so wet for him, the wetness of my juice and your cream mixed deep inside my cunt but he seems not to mind and the extra lubrication is great to allow his so-thick tool inside me. Even then I feel stretched wider and wider by him and am lost in the feeling of being so full as he pulls me towards him and starts to suckle at my tits. Again I feel you behind me and feel the head of your hard shaft but this time it nudges gently against my puckered ass-hole. I have no time to protest and realise that you guys are just here to use my body. I love it. I feel a small pain as the muscles around my ass are stretched and then the wonderful sensation as you push your cock deep into my ass.

As I fuck John, you fuck me, synchronising your movement. I am so full, so stretched by the two hard cocks inside me. I can feel the two hard shafts almost rubbing against each other inside me. From the corner of my eye I see Tom move around and then he is standing in front of me as I lean forward over John. Tom has his cock in his hand, sliding his fingers up and down its hard shaft. I lean my head forward, stretching to try and reach him. He presses forward over the sofa and I slip his hardness between my lips. I suck on him, licking the underside of his cock and tasting the precum dribbling from its tip. He pushes further into me, reaching the back of my throat and I relax my muscles, taking him as deep as I can. It feels so good, each cock fucking my wanton holes. It feels so sluttish and I love to feel that way, being sucked and fucked by each of those cocks harder and harder, urging each one to shed its load of spunk inside me. You are first, your tool, stretching the walls of my tight ass; I feel you swell inside me. Yes, that's it baby. Cum for me. Cum in my ass and fill my tight hole with your spunk. I feel you jerk and hold tight on my tits as your cock jerks and spouts warm cum into my ass. Oh yeah, that's so good, your cock and cum deep inside me. My muscles have tightened convulsively around John's prick and the tightness of my cunt grips his prick, goading it to shoot his load. It comes, thick and hard. I feel it swell and John gasps and moans with me as we both cum. My orgasm is mind-blowing; dragged from my aching body in a tumult of ecstasy, his cum mixing with that of yours from your assault on my pussy.

Finally, with the cocks of you two guys still inside me, I suck, hard and deep on my husband's prick, sucking the juice from his balls. He is so excited, having watched you two guys fuck me every which way. In seconds his cock is swelling, filling my mouth, and I feel it jerk and wads of hot spunk hit the back of my throat. I continue to suck and lick on him and then, as he withdraws from my red lips, I feel the cum dribble from my mouth, and ass and cunt. I smile at Tom, and he smiles back, knowing that a fantasy had been fulfilled but also knowing that there is more to come and that there will be no boundaries anymore.