 Chapter 3

Airtight Training is over, Airtight MILF #1

Driving away from the Honeywell residence, I reflected on the successful sharing I had just experienced. Sammy was at that very moment lying naked with his mother in her bed doing god knows what. I felt curiously content but still tense, wound as though waiting for something to happen, which of course I was. I glanced at my mother. "Are you ready for tomorrow?" I asked. 

Mom folded the seat divider up and moved over to lay her head on my shoulder. "Tomorrow? What happens?"

"What do you want to happen, Mom?" I asked, driving. I felt her lift her head from my shoulder and look at me. 

"Sonny, our relationship has changed but it is because we added something to it. Now we are mother and son AND man and woman. You have been inside my body and I responded and accepted you and you just gave me to Sammy. Allow me to be a mother for a moment and tell you about what it means to be a man. Till now, you have been a sensitive boy, letting me, us, all the MILFs on your list fulfill their fantasies of being with a virile young man of infinite energy. They loved it. I loved it. But airtight is not a sensitive, romantic experience. I doubt any of us would volunteer that as something we want."

"What about fucking your sons?" I asked, perhaps speaking when I should have been quiet. 

Mother shifted and pressed her body against me. She had not put her bra on again so her wild breasts roiled inside the tight sweater, nuzzling against my arm. 

"Sonny, I do not know if every woman with a handsome son wonders what it would be like to fuck him. You could say only the repressed ones don't think about it. I did but dismissed it because I was your mother and I could not be both a woman and a mother, or so I thought. Now, well-fucked and about to be used tomorrow to fulfill your fantasies about me, I am discovering that, yes, I can be mother and woman. But not at once, not at the same time." She seemed to shake herself and peeled her body away from mine and sat against the door pulling her knees up and looking at me. 

I stopped at the red light and looked over at her. 

"Sonny, airtight is not romance. It is being used for pleasure. You understand this. You have been used by all of us, me included. We invited you by not denying you. We encouraged you by desiring you. We seduced you by accepting you. Where a contemporary . . . light." Mom pointed.

The traffic light had changed and I glanced in the review mirror to find traffic stacked behind me. If they only knew what was happening in my car, they would have waited with patience but only if they got the full story. I turned my eyes away from my disheveled mother and drove on towards home. 

Mother returned to her subject. "Where a girl of your age will need to put you off, to push you back to see if you keep trying, we did not. If we, any of the MILFs would have pushed you away, it would have shattered you and with you the moment and it never would have been repeated. You never would have approached any of us. But success breeds confidence and confidence ignores resistance. You succeeded because we all wanted it. That is the only explanation. Oh, you are handsome, sexy, attractive . . . all those things but you did not fuck five, six grown women because you were so overpowering. They, we wanted it. When I sat watching you take Laura, Mrs. Wills, I was enthralled by the scene of my son fucking a woman right before my eyes and though I thought about joining in, I did not want to change what was happening. When you found me with Georgia, all I wanted was for you to fuck us. The charade was over. When you told me about the MILF list and the goal of making it airtight, I confess I got excited. I wanted it. But Sonny, you need to understand that few women would ask for this. Few will look you in the eyes and request a cock in every hole. This is something the men do to her and she accepts it. It is that acceptance that is the core of her. You must realize something."

I stopped at the stop sign on our street and looked at her. 

"Airtight is about using us. You use us for your pleasure and the key to our pleasure is that we are being used. We want to be maneuvered around and entered, taken, fucked by you guys. But it is not about being polite or asking or trying to make us feel comfortable. There is nothing about having a man in your ass that is comfortable but it may be arousing. It is the desire to be had that arouses us. It is the feeling of the lust in you while you use us that arouses us. We are all mothers, women who have peaked sexually and are now running on fumes. We are at the end of our sexual excellence and we can see the end of our sexual youth, when it all changes to something different. It scares us. Many women simply cease being sexual just to avoid that fear. We are not that much different. But when five young men seek to take us, use us, we want nothing so much as to lay back and enjoy it but we do not want to be held to account for it. It is not a question of responsibility, it is a matter of being used, taken, possessed for the express purpose of fulfilling your pleasure. We want to be crazed for one last time in our lives. 

"The MILFs have had you. It is time for you to use us. Airtight is about using a woman. I want to be used. I want to be the object of your lust and to be the mode of your fulfillment." My mother hugged herself, bunching her breasts together between her own arms and she looked so sexy right then. My cock stirred and I felt it rouse. 

"Sonny, this is the last advice I will likely give you but if airtight is going to work with us, you need to be willing to use us. The amazing thing about the MILF list is that you have us all lined up and you are about to give us each something we would never dare take for ourselves." She hesitated. "I dare to speak for the others but I think this is true for them all. Taking us was your doing but giving them to their sons, that will be the key moment. What you just did for Alissa and Sammy had to be done before she could submit to the use airtight requires. I am thinking." 

Mom released herself and hunched down, bowing her head and her voice came out small and quiet. "Since you have already had me, I think, I want you to bring Laura. She is a natural submissive. I do not remember if I mentioned this to you before or hinted but she has a deep seated need to be used, more than other women, more than me. But she needs to be teased with humiliation and dismissal. She needs to be humiliated, nothing gross or truly demeaning. I think the dismissal of being a servant, of being expected to serve without concern for her pleasure would suffice. I want you to, I mean, I suggest that you bring her with you tomorrow and have her serve us, like a handmaid. You can have her clean up, have towels ready. Perhaps you can have her fluff the boys before they take me. Use her as a maid, a servant and then if you want to fuck her while I am being fucked, she will come and come and come."

My mother looked up at me. 

"And so will I." Her eyes did not blink. "While she watches, knowing she is there witnessing me being used, that is what I have always dreamed of." Mom closed her eyes. 

I nodded, swallowing, hard. Gawd but I wanted to fuck her right then. I think she wanted it too but we needed to get home and get to bed, for rest. I was scheduling an orgy for the first time and I figured I should be fresh and rested. I wondered if it would work. "Do you think she will do it?"

"Don't ask, tell her. With all of us, all the MILFs, it is time to be authoritative. But be clear, this is a fantasy and it will come to an end. Make sure you are clear about that with everyone. We are not agreeing to be your fuck dolls whenever you want. We cannot do that and it is unrealistic."

"Do you think we can go back to being normal?"

Mom shrugged. "I think after you have had us, then you will find girlfriends and go on with your lives. And when you need to have them and you are tired, you can think of the airtight MILFs in your past and you'll fuck her good!"

"Spank bank." I muttered.

"What?" 

"Spank bank. To inspire erectness in the cock when you are distracted."

"I think you all are too young to worry about being distracted. But someday you may be and I can be helpful then by being used now." She waved a hand. "Home, James."

I drove us home and we each went to our corners. I showered and lay down to sleep. It was eleven o'clock. I thought about what mom said. I wondered what would happen if I called Mrs. Wills and Chris answered, or Jeb. If Jeb answered I would ask for Chris. I dialed.

"Hello?" Mrs. Wills answered immediately. 

My heart pounded in my ears. Be the man, Mom had said. Use us. "Laura. I need you tomorrow."

Silence.

"Call me when Chris leaves. We are going to fuck mom tomorrow and I want you to help."

"I have a maid's uniform." She said. 

I almost laughed, both from delight and from relief. "Yes, wear that. Is Jeb in town this week?"

Silence. For several long moments. Her hesitation concerned me. "No." She said. 

"Bring towels and wash clothes. We will pick you up about nine."

"But what if Chris is not gone yet?"

I mentally shrugged. All the guys were going to have to get used to the idea that their mothers will be used. "Right. Well, too bad."

"So I do not have to call you?"

A light went on. Submissive. Submissive means taking instructions. I also heard the tight tremor in her voice. "No. But Laura, you should not wear panties. Do you have garters?"

Silence. "No. I am sorry." 

"No panties. Nine tomorrow." I hung up. I felt the change. Mom's words were sinking in. For a moment I thought I was going to be awake all night thinking about what was coming but I lay down and then it was morning and I heard the girls chattering. I heard Tawny asking if I didn't have classes but Mom answered that I was skipping today. No explanation. The racket died down and I got up. 

Mother was in the kitchen. It was eight o'clock. The house was quiet. She wore her house coat, a satin, pink thing with frayed edges. I was hard. She watched me approach. I took her in my arms and kissed her on the lips, a hard, insistent kiss. I squeezed her ass with my hands, pulling her robe up till I could feel her tights and ass. She was bare underneath. I broke the kiss, turned her and entered her a small bit, she was wet enough to accept me but still tight. She grunted and I pulled back out. I ran my hands up the front of her body, inside the robe to her breasts. I kneaded them and she slumped back against me. Her head turned and I kissed the corner of her mouth but we could not connect. I bent her again and flipped the robe up over her back. I spread her cheeks and entered her again. 

"Oh gawd, Sonny!" She moaned. 

I pumped her a few more times and pulled out. "Come with me." She stumbled along behind me, mounting the steps with increasing ease, walking almost normally when we arrived at the door to her room. I pushed the door open and she walked around me to the bed. "No." I said. "Later. The closet." 

We entered her stuffed walk-in closet. "What is the sexiest thing you own? That can be ruined today," I added, knowing that damaging a three-hundred dollar 'little black dress' which I knew she owned made no sense. We searched around for twenty minutes, with her trying various things on. She did not become depressed with the variety of sex things which simply did not fit comfortably any longer which impressed me. 

Finally we found a pleated black skirt which was made for a woman with straighter hips. It hung on her but covered her thighs to only about four inches below her pussy because so much was required to drape over the shelf of her ass and hips below her small waist. It accented her hips and ass. She found a sweater which was tighter than comfortable but had a seam in front running down between her breasts with several buttons. It was white. With her black hair it was perfect. She did not button the split and her breasts showed full and plush against the brilliant white of the sweater. We decided on a bra which was clearly too small, nearly a half-bra but still covering her engorged nipples. I had her pull on a pair of panties because I could smell her arousal so clearly. 

It was eight-forty-five. We drove to the Wills house. I pulled up into the drive and called Laura. She answered but did not speak. "Come get into the car. Wear a coat." I said. She hung up without a word. 

Next door, at the Kingston house, Mrs. Kingston appeared, stepping out into the chill morning in a very revealing nightgown. Her breasts were clearly visible. She stared at us and then disappeared back into the house. 

"What was that about?" Mom asked, pulling her eyes away from the Chinese woman. "Did you get things settled with her? Is she a problem?"

I shook my head. "Annie has proven most helpful." I said. "I will tell you about her sometime."

Mrs. Wills appeared, wearing a long, gray coat. I saw Chris open the door, staring out at me. I waved but he seemed embarrassed, pulled his head back inside and the door closed. I smiled to myself. Laura got into the back seat without a word and slammed the door. I drove us to the Honeywell house. I called Sammy and he had the garage door open and I pulled our car inside. He closed the door beside us and went up into the house before we got out. The door went shut, closing out the brilliance of the day, leaving only the gray light filtered through the dirty window. I got out of the car. Neither woman moved. 

I walked around to the passenger's side and opened the door. I helped mom out. I walked her to the steps and looked back at Laura. She understood and got out herself and closed Mom's door. When we got into the kitchen, Sammy was leaning on the kitchen counter sipping a cup of coffee. 

"Mother, suck Sammy's cock for him, while we talk." 

Sammy nearly choked. Coffee dribbled down his shin. 

I looked at Laura and she moved, abashed at being noticed. She picked up a dish cloth and wiped Sammy's chin and took the cup from him. Then she moved away. She still wore her gray London Fog but it did not hide her glittering black high heels. 

Mom got to her knees, pulled Sammy's sweat pants down to reveal his stiffening cock. She licked and kissed it and then sucked the end into her mouth. 

Sammy groaned. 

Mom took him deeper, sucking his cock down into the core of her throat and then pulling back. 

Sammy looked at me. "I." He said. "I," he started again. "I thought it was only . . . your . . . ahhhh . . . mom." He stuttered it out.

"I got to thinking. We need someone to clean up. Laura will do that for us." I looked at her. "Did you bring towels?"

Mrs. Wills looked like I had struck her. Her eyes welled. 

Sammy groaned. 

I tapped mom on the shoulder. "No coming yet." She pulled off and stared at the cock before her. Sammy patted her head and moved away from her, pulling his sweats back into place but they tented and he looked ridiculous. 

I shook my head and rolled my eyes. 

"We have plenty of towels. I'll get them." Sammy said.

"No. Tell the maid where to find them and she can get them out." 

Sammy did and when Laura was gone, he looked at my mother sitting on her heels in the middle of his kitchen. "We are really going to do it?"

"After last night, how can you even ask? What happened after we left? No, don't tell me. We need to decide where this is going to happen. Should we use the front room or your mom's bedroom?"

"Geez, I had not thought about that. We did change the sheets on the bed though. Everything is clean." Sammy said. 

I unbuttoned my pants and pulled them over my hard cock. "Mom." I said. 

She looked around at me and watched as I unpeeled my cock. She crawled over to me and wrapped a hand around it and pulled it down level with her lips. She kissed the end, licked it and then sucked the head into her mouth. 

I laid a hand on her head and held her gently back so she would not deep throat me. I did not want come now and would if she enveloped me like she had Sammy. 

He was watching and after mom began to casually suck on my cock, he looked up at me. "I think the bedroom. But strip her in the living room. Then she can suck us there and then move back to the bed where we . . . " He stopped. 

". . . fuck her." I finished for him.

Sammy nodded. "Yeah, where we fuck her." 

I tapped mom on the head. "Go lie down and relax. We'll come get you when we are ready. 

She released my cock and struggled to her feet. Her eyes blazed but she said nothing. She turned but I grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her back against my bare cock. Instinctively she reached behind her and took hold of it. Then she pressed her ass back against me and sighed. 

I put my face beside her ear and whispered. "My beautiful mother, today I am going to give your body to my friends to use as we wish. Before we do, you will declare to us all your desire to be used as we see fit. You will give us your permission . . . " she shook her head. "No, you are right, you will request that we use you." Again she shook her head, still being Mom. "Okay, then what?"

She turned and kissed me passionately. "Just take me. Show them I am ready to be used." She whispered and then she left us. 

Sammy was staring. "Cheese and crackers, Sonny. What was that about?" 

Laura appeared with her arms full of towels et. Al. "Laura, take those to the bedroom, where Mom is. Make sure she is wet but Laura, she better not orgasm or it will not go well for you." She nodded soberly and left us. I looked at Sammy. "Your mom is not the only woman who likes to be spanked but I think Mrs. Wills wants to be punished, not hurt. Your mom likes the pain, the fire in her ass. Mrs. Wills want to be ignored so that when she is finally taken, the contrast will rip through her and give her a deep climax." I shrugged. "Just a theory."

Sammy nodded mutely, his brown eyes were wide. Then he grinned. "Why is Mrs. Wills here?"

"I told you. She is the maid. She will clean up after us. Keep Mom tidy and neat while we fuck her. We are not barbarians after all. Aw, crap. I was going to do something. Come on, I want you to watch this." I went back to the bedroom and found Laura standing at the door staring up the body of my mother lying on the bed. Mom's legs were open and she was caressing her pussy very slowly and gently. 

"Put the towels there, Laura." I said softly. 

Mom's hand quit moving but she did not respond otherwise to our arrival. 

Laura placed the towels on the dresser which had been cleared, presumably in anticipation of our arrival. She turned and looked at me. 

"Lift your dress, Mrs. Wills." I used that address to emphasize her situation. 

Her cheeks flushed and she put her hands to the lapels of her coat and slowly pulled it away from her shoulders. She took it off and laid it on the straight backed chair at the end of the dresser. 

Mom's head lifted and she gazed down the topography of her body at us. 

I moved to Laura and Sammy stepped into the room.

"Lift your dress, Laura." I said. 

Her flush deepened. She glanced past me at Sammy and then over at mother who was watching us. Mrs. Wills dropped her eyes and grasped the hem of the little black skirt she wore. "I lied." She said. "I do have garters." The hem of the dress rose, proving her statement. She stood there with her skirt raised above her waist and then raised her eyes to meet mine. 

Her actions were so . . . so . . . alluring, I did not know whether to spank her for lying to me or fuck her. So I did both. I took her by the shoulders, turned her to face the dresser and bent her. She dropped the skirt and placed her hands on the dresser. I lifted the skirt myself and ran a finger down the crevice of her tight little ass, down between her legs to her pussy which I found sopping wet. Then I struck her right cheek with that hand, hard. I spanked her other cheek equally hard. Then I opened my pants, took out my cock and entered her, shoving against her resistance till her pussy blossomed and I fell to the bottom of her cavern, planted like a flag on a new continent, claiming it for the King. It is good to be King! 
