 Sharon and Jackie have been best friends ever since they were little girls. They played dolls together, studied together, double-dated in high school and were roommates in college. Each was the maid of honor at the other's wedding and each provided a shoulder to cry on when the other got divorced. Now they are roommates again, sharing a two bedroom apartment in town. Besides the apartment, they share what clothing they can, and they share me when we get together to make love. Sometimes when the three of us are together, and probably other times, they share a double-dong. They are not lesbians and not even bi-sexual; they are just two very close friends, who would do anything for each other and they like to share good times.

The last time we got together Jackie was the only one home when I got there. She greeted me happily with hugs and kisses and we headed for the larger of the two bedrooms. This is actually Sharon's room but the three of us use it for making love because it’s larger and it had a mirror well-positioned on the wall. “Sharon has to work late,” Jackie told me. She’s disappointed that she couldn’t greet you but she said we should start without her, and she would join us.”  

I had no serious problem with that so I unzipped Jackie’s dress from behind and unhooked her bra. She turned around, tossing her bra aside and unbuttoned and removed my shirt then slipped her arms out of the sleeves of her dress. I pulled Jackie’s dress down to the floor; she stepped out of it and, wearing just her panties, unfastened my belt and pants and pulled them to the floor. Next, Jackie pulled my shorts down and I stepped out of them and my pants, leaving my cock and my mouth equally exposed and equally ready for whatever Jackie wanted to do with them.  

She is a rather stocky woman with dark hair and large, firm breasts. Their nipples are prominent and very sensitive and Jackie likes having me fondle them and suck and lick on them, and that was what she wanted me to do first.  While she lay on her back, I held one of the lovely twins in either hand and kneaded them gently for a few seconds while my thumbs massaged the erect nipples. I began licking gently, only a few strokes of my tongue on either nipple before moving to the other one. Jackie lay back with a happy smile on her face and let me pleasure her, and pleasure myself by pleasuring her. While still gently massaging her succulent globes, I clamped my mouth on one and sucked, while flicking the nipple and tracing the areola with my tongue. Jackie sighed with pleasure. After a few minutes I switched to the other beautiful globe and sucked on it, caressing her nipple the same way. She sighed again, louder this time. 

Neither of us spoke; Jackie was enjoying the attention I was giving to her gorgeous breasts too much to say anything and my mouth was busy with more pleasurable activities than talking. I continued to alternate between the luscious mounds, sucking and licking on one, then on the other. I sneaked a peak in the mirror and was gratified to see Jackie’s head tossing from side to side on her pillow from the pleasure she was getting. She was breathing hard and, when I looked down, I could see her pussy squirming on the bed and smell her fragrant juices so I knew it was time to move lower.

I licked my way down her firm belly. Jackie giggled when I stopped at her navel for a few strokes of my tongue, and then continued downward. When I reached her pubic hair I stopped, got up, knelt between her thighs and, after removing her wet panties, slid the second pillow under her ass to present her pussy to my mouth for our mutual pleasure. After my shoulders were braced against the backs of her thighs and her legs were resting on my back, my tongue went to Jackie's adorable love hole to devour all the delicious juices her pussy had been producing. Even after I had swallowed all the nectar available, I kept my tongue toying with the wet, pink hole for a few minutes, tracing the edges and thrusting in and out. Jackie was cooing with pleasure, and her pussy was squirming under my face. I started licking one pair of her pussy lips, probing between her inner and outer labia on one side and licking all the surfaces of both lips. When I reached the place where her inner lip ends by merging with the other inner lip to form her clit hood, I kept going all the way to the end of the outer lip. 

Jackie was cooing more loudly and her pussy started fucking into my face as her upper body squirmed on the bed. I brought my tongue back to her clit hood and started to caress her there for a few strokes, indirectly stimulating her adorable love button as it sheltered under the protective hood. Jackie’s pussy had produced a great wealth of fragrant juices and I devoured them before proceeding to her other pussy lips. They tasted even better than they smelled.

I licked the other pair of pussy lips the same way as I had licked the first. As I was tonguing my way toward the end of the outer lip, I heard the apartment door close and Sharon’s voice calling out to ask if anybody was there. Jackie may or may not have heard her; she was preoccupied with the pleasure she was feeling, moaning and writhing on the bed. I heard Sharon but my tongue was too busy with her roommate’s pussy to answer and she would know to look in the bedroom for us.

After licking to the end of Jackie’s outer pussy lip, I again brought my tongue back to caress her clit hood. As my tongue was stroking her there, and Jackie was starting to fuck her pussy even harder into my face, I heard Sharon say, “Well, you two look like you’re having a good time. Save some of your tongue for me, George, I had a hard day and I need to relax.” Neither of us said anything to her. I lifted one hand from Jackie’s pubic area and gave a little wave. Jackie was thrashing around on the bed and moaning and couldn’t have said anything coherent anyhow.

After once again relishing all the fresh juices from Jackie’s pussy, I started exploring with my tongue under both of her inner lips. As I moved my tongue from one lip to the other, I scooped the tip into her precious love hole to savor the taste of the juices that were bubbling up and running all over her crotch and my face. 

When I am eating a pussy, there isn’t much to see in a mirror since my face and the woman’s crotch are plastered together but I glanced at our reflection anyhow. What I saw were Jackie’s legs waving in the air over my back, her pussy fucking into my face and her head and upper body thrashing on the bed. I knew it was time for her to cum. 

Jackie and I were closer to one side of the bed than the other and Sharon had gone around to the far side. When I glanced again into the mirror at Jackie and myself, I saw Sharon undressing and when she had stripped down to her panties, she sat down on the bed, not too close because she knows Jackie sometimes gets pretty wild when she is cumming and she could tell that would be happening within minutes. While waiting her turn, I saw she had her hands inside her panties, which were soaked, and I could see her fingers moving around, playing with her pussy.

After I finished exploring the inner sides of Jackie’s inner pussy lips, immensely enjoying how they felt spongy to my tongue because they were so swollen, I probed into the upper edge of her love hole. This indirectly stimulated her clit again, bringing her even closer to cumming. I licked the small area between her bubbling pink hole and her clit and then pushed her protective hood out of the way and sucked Jackie’s charming love toy into my mouth. Her clit was so engorged that it was almost clear of its protective covering, so I easily moved the hood with my tongue. With my lips forming a seal at the base, I sucked on this sweetest of sweet spots while my tongue caressed the sides and top.

After a few minutes of sucking and licking, Jackie started cumming. She had been thrashing on the bed so much that it was not easy to tell just when she started cumming but her legs squeezed my head while her pussy kept slamming into my face. Jackie’s hands were on the back of my head holding my face where we both wanted it to be. While I kept my mouth firmly on her clit and continued sucking and licking, my arms here around her legs, helping me to stay in place. They were necessary because Jackie, besides ramming her pussy into my face, was swinging wildly back and forth on the bed. On one swing, she almost kicked Sharon, who moved quickly out of her way. 

When Jackie climaxed, her back arched and her pussy gave one last thrust into my face. After her orgasm, Jackie slumped back on the bed and her hands and legs released my head. Her legs lay loosely on my shoulders and I feasted on the fresh juices her pussy had produced.

“My turn now!” Sharon squealed lying down beside me and Jackie. She raised her ass off the bed, pulled off her wet panties and tossed them aside. Sharon was holding a pillow and once she was naked, she slipped it under her ass and waited, impatiently, for me to finish licking all the juices from her roommate. When I moved away from Jackie, Sharon spread her legs and raised them in the air, getting into the position where she knew I would want her. Her pussy was already fucking into the air.

With my shoulders against the undersides of her thighs, I wrapped my arms around Sharon’s legs and leaned forward, bringing my faces to within inches of her beautiful pussy. The sight of what Jackie and I had been doing and the anticipation of what she and I would be doing had already caused her pussy to produce a flood of fragrant juices. They were also delicious and, after I had devoured them all I started licking her pussy lips on one side. Usually, we would have begun with kissing her face and licking and sucking her breasts but Sharon was cooing in pleasure, already so aroused that it seemed like a good idea to skip those preliminaries.

I didn’t skip any part of pleasuring her pussy though, licking first where one pair of her lips were apart, relishing the soft, smooth flesh and licking both lips to where they are close together. There I started probing the seam between them, my tongue caressing both sides of the outer lip. I took my time, covering everything thoroughly, licking the same areas over and over until my tongue reached Sharon’s clit hood. There, I gently caressed the top of the hood, stimulating the shy, sweet love button hiding beneath the shelter. Sharon’s pussy kept fucking into my face and I could feel and smell a gush of her fragrant juices squirting onto my chin. Her upper body was squirming on the bed, with her head tossing from side to side on the pillow, and I knew she was really enjoying what we were doing.

I was really enjoying it too and I was in no hurry for Sharon to cum. We would both enjoy her climax much more, I knew, if we took a long and pleasurable time to reach it so I left her clit and, after savoring all the fresh juices, started licking the other pair of pussy lips. Just as I started on them, I could feel Jackie getting off the bed and I saw her walk, naked, across the room. After that, she left my field of vision and I concentrated my attentions on the lovely pussy under my face. 

The second pair of pussy lips, by now, spongy and engorged, was treated the same as the first and, after I reached her clit hood again, Sharon was moaning and her upper body was thrashing on the bed from the intense pleasure. Very gently, I caressed the hood with my tongue and then peeled it back, exposing her engorged clit. “Lick my clit, George,” Sharon begged me. “I really need to cum.”

Briefly, I did lick her clit, not enough for her to start cumming but enough for her pussy to start fucking harder into my face. Once again I feasted on the delicious juices from Sharon’s pussy and then I started probing my tongue into her love hole, starting with the lower rim. 

“Oooo, yeah. Yeah, that’s good George. Put your tongue in my cunt.” Sharon interrupted her moans of pleasure to tell me what to do. She was really enjoying what my mouth was doing for her pussy and I was really enjoying what her pussy was doing for me.

What I was doing was squeezing my tongue into her wet, pink hole, relishing the taste and the texture and what her pussy was doing was jamming against my face while gushing the juices that smell so good and taste even better. To stimulate her clit some more, I curled my tongue inside her love hole and fondled the top of the hole. Sharon let out an extra loud moan. She wanted to cum but I wanted to prolong the pleasure for both of us before I started directly sucking her clit.

I pulled my tongue out of her love hole and started to probe the sides of the lovely place that had felt and tasted so good. As I did, I explored the under sides of Sharon’s inner pussy lips, moving my tongue back and forth across the hole that was gushing juices like a miniature volcano. 

“Suck my clit. Suck my clit. Wanna cum,” Sharon begged me and I knew it was almost time. 

Her thighs had turned outward, presenting her pussy to me even more fully. First, I again probed the top edge of her love hole, stimulating her clit again. Knowing she was ready, I sucked her engorged clit into my mouth. She was so swollen that I hardly had to move her protective hood.

“Yes! My clit! Suck my clit!” Sharon continued to beg and this tine I was ready to do what she wanted so badly.

Besides sucking her clit, I was licking and caressing the sides and top with my tongue while Sharon moaned and thrashed on the bed from the intense pleasure she was getting from my mouth. “Yes! I’m cumming!” She shouted out joyously and her legs squeezed my head, holding it in place while her hands pressed my face into her pussy.

Besides holding onto my head, Sharon’s pussy continued fucking into my face so strongly that she almost lifted off the bed with each thrust. Her ass rocked from side to side while her upper body churned up the sheets. My arms were around her thighs and I held tightly to her while she pitched around on the bed, both of us immensely enjoying her cumming. Sharon climaxed with a great spasm of her entire body, ramming her pussy into my face one last time. After her orgasm, her hands and legs released their grip on my head and I was free to lick all the nectar from her pussy.

Just as I started, I glanced to my side and saw Jackie kneeling on the bed. One end of the double-song was imbedded in her pussy and it was obvious that the other end was intended for Sharon. Knowing that some juices would be needed for lubrication, I left those inside her love hole and satisfied myself with licking everything from Sharon’s crotch, thighs and pussy lips. 

After I had eaten all the delicious juices I was going to allow myself, I crawled out from under Sharon’s legs and Jackie took my place. As she knelt between her friend’s legs, Sharon smiled a welcome and reached down to spread her pussy lips. Jackie, holding onto the double dong with one hand and supporting her weight with the other, moved forward so the plastic head of the toy entered Sharon’s pussy. It was greeted with a coo of pleasure. There was more cooing as Jackie thrust slowly in and out, penetrating Sharon more with every stroke until seven inches of dildo were buried in either of the two willing pussies.

The two women set up a rhythm. Jackie, with one end of the double-dong embedded in her pussy, thrust the other end into Sharon who fucked back to meet it. She stroked her pussy off her end and back on, followed by drawing the other end from her friend’s pussy and beginning the sequence again by thrusting back into Sharon. The two women continued slowly fucking each other, moaning in pleasure as their pussies were emptied and then stretched full. Although their faces were close enough together they didn’t kiss because they were not lovers, just two friends who liked to share. 

Both pussies were full and the women’s mouths were too close together to be available. After bringing both women to orgasm by eating their pussies, I was quite horny and looking for something to do about it. I could have masturbated but I didn’t want to while there were two women as sexy and willing as Jackie and Sharon.

Before then, I had never fucked either woman’s ass but Jackie had sometimes expressed an interest in experimentation. She had enjoyed using her fingers and small objects as dildos but had never had a cock in her ass. It was time, I decided, to change that. I always carry condoms and lube, even if I don’t expect to be using the latter, and that night, I was glad I was prepared. As the women slowly fucked each other, I started to lubricate Jackie’s ass in preparation for fucking. When she felt my fingers applying the Aquaglide, she looked back, grinned lewdly and said “Don’t forget the condom.” 

I hadn’t forgotten; I had put one on and prepared my cock before starting on her ass. With Jackie’s ass ready, the women stopped fucking to allow me to join them. She backed her pussy off the dildo and reached back with her hands, spreading her ass cheeks so I could enter her fully. Jackie knew that her ass, being essentially virginal, would be very tight and she wanted me to get my cock all the way into her so all three of us would get the most enjoyment from her first double penetration.

While the women waited, I reached into Jackie’s well-lubricated ass and opened her sphincter. With the fingers of one hand holding her open, I guided my cock with the other hand and placed the tip at Jackie’s rosebud. With both her hands and one of mine holding her open, I gave a short thrust and the tip of my cock popped inside her ass.

“Oh!” Jackie responded. “That feels good. Funny, but good.”

“Let me know if it hurts,” I told her as I wedged another inch of my stiff cock into the place where no cock had gone before.

“A little, but don’t stop. It feels good and it keeps feeling better.” A few seconds later, she said “It doesn’t hurt at all now. Mmm, I like it. I really like it”

I was glad she liked it because I did too. After checking that no loose skin, either hers or mine was going to be trapped, I thrust forward again and almost another inch was imbedded in Jackie’s ass.

“Oooo, yeah,” she murmured, cooing with pleasure as my cock stretched the opening of her ass. “Oh, that is so good.” I could smell fresh pussy juices, running from her, down the shaft of the double-dong and onto Sharon’s legs and pussy. 

A dozen more thrusts imbedded my cock completely in Jackie’s eager ass, every thrust evoking greater expressions of pleasure. With my cock all the way inside, she and Sharon resumed fucking. As the woman on top, Jackie was in control again and, while she slowly impaled her pussy on her end of the double-dong, I backed my cock out of her ass. It remained mostly out while she drew the toy from Sharon’s pussy and drove it back in again, eliciting pleasurable cooing from her roommate. Jackie followed that stroke by lifting her pussy from the dildo and, as she did, I plowed my cock back into her ass again, all the way to my pubic hair.

Sharon lay flat on her back, her legs wrapped around Jackie’s hips, fucking back to meet the strokes of the double-dong into her pussy. Jackie lay between Sharon’s legs, alternating between driving the plastic toy into her friend’s pussy and fucking herself on it. I stood crouching on the bed, my legs outside Sharon’s. As Jackie withdrew her pussy from the toy, she thrust back to meet my cock surging deeply into her ass. Every time my cock plunged into her I could feel my balls bumping against the shaft of the dildo that had just left her pussy.

As we continued to fuck, I looked in the mirror and saw a strange and erotic sight. All three of us were in a pile, our movements independent but coordinated. “Hey, you guys,” I said. “Take a look at how we look in the mirror.”
