 Many thanks to AussieKev for his input in writing most of the sex scene in this story. 

*

"Bugger," Sharon tilted her laptop backwards and checked underneath, half expecting to see its innards hanging out. "Piece of shit computer."

Marcus finished chopping the onions and through teary eyes checked out the computer.

"What did it do?" he asked. "Did any message pop up?"

"Nothing," she said and forlornly pressed the power button. "And yes it's fully charged."

She mashed at the keyboard before slamming down the lid and pushing it across the kitchen bench.

"Why do they always shit themselves when you want to use them most," she folded her arms and rested her forehead on them.

"What were you doing?" 

"Uploading those pics we took last night onto Watchers Web," she said without raising her head. "And yes I deleted them off the camera and the only copy is on that bloody thing."

"Really!" Marcus asked, "Why did you delete them off the card?"

"Because I was using the camera at work today and I didn't want someone to go back too far when previewing the pics." 

Marcus pondered that for a while and just nodded.

"They were good pics too," she said remembering how good his cum looked on her face.

"Yeah well," Marcus said. "We'll have to get it fixed because I have some work stuff that I need."

"It cost us heaps last time," Sharon said, "We won't take it back to those bastards."

"No," Marcus flipped the exhaust fan on and leant back over the saucepan. "Maybe Kyle or Andy next door know someone who can fix it. They're nerdy gaming types, surely they'll know someone."

"Maybe they won't help after one of them saw us walking naked across the lawn the other week," Sharon hopped off the chair and walked over to the stove.

It was Marcus' turn to remember this time and the mental image of her covered in the men's cum sent a twitch to his groin.

"Maybe they will," he said and tossed a few tins of peeled tomatoes in with the simmering onions. "Men will do anything for a pretty damsel in distress." He turned and kissed her on the forehead noting a slight crease from her sleeves.

Sharon slid a hand up under his shirt feeling his taut muscles and she detected a slight tremor as she did so. "Pity that they're kind of chubby and nerdy though," she rested her head on his biceps, "Actually come to think of it, Kyle was a bit weird yesterday when I saw him."

"Weird in what way?"

"He's usually quite friendly and says g'day but yesterday when he was loading their truck he was all eyes as well as smiles."

"Ha?" Marcus laughed "Maybe he's the mystery man behind the curtain."

"Maybe," she ran her hand down and rubbed his cock through his jeans, "Maybe he's gay and fancied you."

Marcus flipped a gas jet on and slid a saucepan of water across upon it. "I doubt that," he said before brushing her hand away. "I have to go back into work and finish off that report tonight remember. No time for shenanigans."

"Pft," she said derisively, "Who cares about regional development and broadband technologies." 

"Well," Marcus said and suddenly turning to her, joyfully pushed her back towards the large island bench. "If we had decent broadband you could have uploaded all the pics onto the cloud. Then I wouldn't have to cum all over your face again."

"Now?" she said almost pleading, "The lights are good."

"When I get home," he teasingly backed away. "If I feel like it."

Sharon picked up a tea towel off the bench and flicked him on the arse. "You'd better," she said. 

Marcus quickly finished off the pasta and the pair ate their dinner out on the back veranda in the slowly fading light of a late summer evening.

"What time will you be finished?" Sharon asked.

"That depends," Marcus said as he poured her another glass of red wine. "Maybe around nine thirty, ten o'clock."

"That long," Sharon moaned, "What the hell am I going to do without my laptop?"

"You could knit, bake biscuits, knock up a sponge," Marcus quickly stood up so that he was outside of striking distance, "Usual good housewife stuff," he laughed.

"Go on," she said and tried to flick some spaghetti at him but it just wrapped around her finger. "Bugger off to your meeting then."

Marcus scurried out the front door leaving Sharon alone with half a bottle of wine and nothing to occupy her mind, a dangerous mix.

After downing a glass she sauntered back inside, flicked on some music and living in hope, tried her laptop once more. 

"Poofter," she said to herself as once more, it failed to respond. 

She eyed the bottle of wine still sitting on the table and went out to get it. As she grabbed a hold of it she heard footsteps down Kyle and Andy's driveway. She ran over to the edge of the veranda and leant as far over as she could. She saw Kyle rounding the corner towards their back door and called out hoping that he would hear. Her calls went unanswered and she noticed the tell tale white cord of his iPod headphones dangling from his ears.

"Bugger," she said and watched as the lights came on in their lounge room.

She threw down the last gulp of Shiraz, ran inside and scooped the laptop, her mobile and her keys up off the kitchen bench, and headed next door. 

She stood at her neighbours front door for a moment listening at the noises emanating from within the dusty rental. All she could hear was some bad music that seemed to be playing at the back of the house and was subsequently muffled. Undeterred she tapped on their door but wasn't at all surprised to find that they couldn't hear her. 

Their small van was tucked neatly into the drive that led the way down to the back of the house. She squeezed her way between the vans dirty panels and the brickwork and ducked under the side view mirror. As she walked down she tried to make as much noise as she possibly could. 

Their backyard looked worse from their side of the fence than it did from hers and she found herself wondering just what these two shipped out in that truck.

The music was much louder and it was some kind of heavy metal rubbish she hated. She banged loudly on the door and once more it was to no avail, that was until the song ended. With a flurry of knocks and door shaking she saw the silhouette of one of them appear through the frosted door panes.

"Hi," she said as Andy peered tentatively through a crack in the door. "How are you Andy?"

"Yeah," he said looking back quickly over his shoulder, "Good thanks. How are you?"

"Well," she said holding up her laptop, "I was wondering if you know much about fixing these."

"Sure," he opened the door wider and Sharon took a quick peek inside, it wasn't as bad as she'd imagined. "What's wrong with it?" 

"It won't start and before you ask," she handed it to him and took a step closer as she did so, "yes it's fully charged."

"Ok," he said, "I think the hard drive will be fine so we can save all your data," he looked underneath as she had done earlier. 

Once again she snuck a look inside and saw some racing game being played on a screen. 

Noting that Andy wasn't acting weird like Kyle had been behaving, but he wasn't exactly welcoming her into the house either, she put him on the spot.

"Do you mind if I come in?" she asked.

"Oh shit, sorry," he said and opened the door fully, "We don't get many visitors."

"No?" she chuckled, "We've noticed."

The kitchen was at the back of the house and she was pleasantly surprised to see that apart from a few bowls piled up in the sink, it was remarkably clean.

Thinking that maybe it was because they never cooked and ate only takeaway Sharon decided to have a quick look around. As she entered the lounge room she was fascinated once more by how tidy it was. There were no empty pizza boxes, no bongs on the table, no beer bottles scattered around the floor. All there was was Kyle sitting on the lounge with a PlayStation controller gripped tightly in his hands. 

"Hi Kyle," she called out over the music. 

Kyle nearly dislocated his neck as he snapped his head around to gaze at a woman standing in the doorway. For what seemed like an eternity he sat there gawking at her and Sharon laughed out loud as she watched his car explode in flames on the screen.

"Hi Kyle," she said again and pointed at the screen, "Sorry about that."

"Uh," he muttered and looked at the screen. "Bloody hell."

"My computer crashed and Andy's checking it out," Sharon said. "It won't start."

"Yes the battery is fully charged," Andy called out, "She's already told me that."

Against one wall there were box after box stacked up and in the corner two computers sat humming away.

"So," Sharon turned to Andy, "Just out of interest, how do you two make a living?"

"Um," Kyle stood up and wandered over to the boxes, "We make and sell body-building supplements."

Seized by the irony of two overweight nerds, who clearly have never worked out, selling body-building supplements, Sharon just had to laugh out loud.

"You're kidding me," she said after the laughter subsided, "Body-building supplements?"

"Yeah," Andy said laughing along with her, "You should see the before shots." He tapped his gut, tried to suck it in and made a bad Arnie impersonation.

Kyle leant up against a door frame and checked out Sharon from behind. She was only wearing a short floral skirt and a singlet top so there was little left to the imagination.

"Don't worry," Andy said, "The irony isn't lost on us either. We just import vitamins and caffeine from China, mix it with malt powder and sell it to idiots. It's cheap for us to buy and all those boofheads with their tribal tattoos and machismo are willing to buy into it." 

"Would you like to see where we make it?" Kyle asked.

"Sure," Sharon spun around towards him, "Why not."

She followed Kyle down the hall into what was once a bedroom. The room was neatly lined with boxes of malt powder, bags of vitamins and sundry other containers. In the centre was a large table and some packaging equipment. 

"Wow," she said truly amazed at what she saw, "How much do you sell a week?"

"Around five thousand dollars worth," Kyle said.

"What," she said amazed once more. "Really?"

"Yeah," Kyle said "We're much cheaper than anyone else and because it tastes good and gives them a big caffeine and vitamin B boost, they think it works."

Sharon couldn't help but be impressed and she told them so. "Here I was thinking you were a pair of dirty, pizza munching, gaming freaks, but I'm impressed."

Kyle just laughed at her assumptions and led her out of the room, "We do like pizza," he said "I mean, who doesn't?"

As Kyle turned back into the lounge room Sharon stopped at another bedroom door that was slightly open. She could hear them both chatting away in the kitchen so she pushed the door open further and peeked inside. 

It was your standard male bedroom complete with a PC, TV and DVD player on a desk, clothes strewn all over the floor, and in a pile next to the bed, a collection of adult DVDs. She picked them up and flicked through the titles. It was a wide assortment of Ben Dover, Private and Anabolic titles and also some German ones. Whoever owned them showed good taste. She admired the images displayed over the covers, multiple cocks in a variety of holes, faces covered in cum. She suddenly felt very horny indeed.

With them held behind her back she wandered back past Kyle who was back on the Playstation and to Andy who had somehow managed to open the laptop and was peering inside. "When do you want this fixed by?" he asked.

"It's not urgent," she said, "Marcus has some work on it he needs and I have all my images so a couple of days should be good."

"I might need it," he said, "But I think the hard drive will be fine so there shouldn't be any problems." 

Sharon decided that some teasing was in order so she sauntered over to Andy and leant teasingly over his shoulder.

"How do you know how to do this?" she asked. "I mean have you had any training?"

She could feel him edge slightly away as she invaded his personal space and she let some of her long dark curly hair brush against his cheek. 

"I've been fixing computers for years," he said, "There's not much I haven't done before."

She patted him softly on the shoulder and whispered, "Thank you, and for the record," she flicked her hair flirtingly back and winked at him, "There's not much that I haven't done either."

Clearly startled, Andy turned straight back to the laptop, and being unfamiliar as he was with women, did what he does best, ignored her and tried to concentrate on the technology.

Unperturbed Sharon decided to turn her attention to the one that she assumed had already seen her naked. She stood next to the TV screen and put her right leg up on the coffee table. Kyle smiled and rested back in the lounge trying to catch a glimpse up her skirt.

"Excuse me Andy," she called out, "Could you come here for a minute?"

"Sure," he replied and gently placed the laptop down on the bench, "What's going on?"

Sharon pulled the DVDs out from behind her back and held them in front of herself. Immediately she watched Kyle shuffle in his seat and she giggled as his eyes darted back and forth between her and Andy.

"Who owns these?"

Kyle stared at Andy, Andy stared at Kyle but both remained silent.

"Whoever it is," she said, "I have to say well done, these are good titles."

"Thanks," Andy said relieved that he wasn't about to be admonished.

"These are yours?" she asked "You like to watch people fuck?"

"Well," he said and looked at Kyle who had a smile as wide as the Sydney Harbour Bridge, "We don't really get any for ourselves."

"Come on," Sharon said, "You must be getting something. You're not all bad."

"Sheesh, thanks," Andy said. "but sadly you're wrong about us getting something."

Kyle positioned himself like he was going to get up but Sharon kept him in his place.

"Kyle," she said holding up her hand. "Stay there." 

Kyle sat obediently back in the chair and snuck Sharon a sly wink.

"But you must have had something," Sharon continued, "Even when you were at school?"

"Are you kidding?" Andy said, "We went to an all boys Catholic school. We didn't even get abused by a priest." 

"So," Sharon pointed at them with the DVDs, "You're both virgins then."

They nodded silently and avoided all eye contact. 

"At least Kyle here has seen a real woman naked," she said "Haven't you Kyle?"

This time Kyle looked genuinely confused, he looked at her wondering what the hell she was talking about.

"No," he managed to mutter. 

"Sure you did," she said walking over to him, "Two weeks ago walking across our backyard.'

"Umm," Andy interrupted, "That was me. I just told Kyle about it"

"Really!" Sharon said genuinely surprised. "So poor young Kyle here has not only never been with a woman, he's never even seen one in the flesh?"

Kyle just nodded his head and kept his expectant eyes locked on Sharon.

"Well I don't think that that is particularly fair," she said and flicked her long dark hair back. "that Andy, on the other hand, has already seen me naked."

"And your husband," Andy laughed.

"Yes," she had to giggle as well, "You've seen Marcus naked too."

"What were you doing on that night?" Andy asked, "You were very loud."

"We were fucking in the back of the car," she said softly before turning her gaze to Kyle, "We tried all sorts of positions. Me on top, doggy style and good old missionary. I sucked his cock and he came deep in my cunt."

Kyle's head rolled back and he groaned 'fantastic' softly as she spoke. 

"It was just like these women in these videos," she held one up to Kyle as she spoke, "Shall we watch one?"

"What?" Kyle said as she shuffled in his seat. "This is just getting better and better. You watch porn?"

"Hell yeah," she said, "we have quite the collection."

"Maybe we can start swapping some," Andy said.

"Good idea," Sharon held up a Private DVD to him, "Let's watch that one shall we."

"Now Kyle," she sauntered over to the lounge and put her hands on her hips, "I'm going to sit right here next to you, ok?"

"Okay?" he said and patted the centre cushion, "By all means."

"Now Andy, relax," she said, "I don't bite. Not unless you want me too." 

Andy just chuckled and fumbled with the DVD as Sharon threw herself into middle of the lounge. 

As soon as the DVD was sucked into the machine she patted the lounge. "Now sit here Andy and press play."

Sharon couldn't help but smile as Andy's shaking hand finally managed to hit the play button and the opening scenes unfolded on the screen. The standard initial cut scenes of cocks, cunts and cum exploded across the screen as the previews of other movies came on.

"Oh look at that lady," Sharon said as a brunette was bouncing on one cock as she sucked another. "How lucky is she?"

"I'd say very," Andy said. "What about her?" This time a woman was being fucked in the cunt and arse as two men fucked her mouth.

"Air-tight," Sharon edged her legs slightly apart, "That's what that's called."

Kyle just laughed and tried to adjust his swelling member without Sharon noticing. She did of course.

"You poor guys," she said, "Fancy sitting here watching some quality porn and not being able to have a stroke like you do in your bedroom."

"I'm not having a stroke," Kyle said in his defence. "I'm just reorganising the tackle."

Sharon giggled and set about thinking about how many men she'd had that lost their virginity with her. There was a few, but they were all many years before. What she did remember was their enthusiasm and stamina. It was for those two reasons that she did what was next to transpire.

"You know," she shifted uncomfortably in her seat. "It's just not the same, is it?"

"What isn't?" Andy asked while trying not to unfurl his cock. "Watching porn with your clothes on," she said. "and it's not fair either." 

"Not fair?" Andy asked, "How?"

"Well you've seen me naked," she grabbed Kyle on the thigh and gently ran her hand up towards his groin. "Kyle here though hasn't." She stopped just before reaching the impressive mound in his pants.

"Now boys," she said as she stood up, "This is a one off opportunity for you both." They watched in silence as she stood in front of the TV. "Seeing as how you're fixing my laptop, and you're both virgins, I think it's only fair that I teach you how to please a woman." She pulled her top off and flung it at Andy. "Then we'll talk about how you two," she unbuckled her bra and held it in front of her boobs, "can start meeting some real women of your own." 

As her bra sailed across the room to Kyle, she heard them both moan in appreciation. 

"Then we'll go shopping," she hooked her fingers under the band of her skirt and slowly pulled it down around her legs and let it fall at her feet, "and get you a few items that will enhance the chances of you scoring." 

"You were right Andy," Kyle said as he freely stuck his hands down his own pants. "She's fucking hot." 

Andy, who was trying not to just leap up and fuck her, said nothing.

Sharon slid her thumbs around her pink panty's waistband and quickly slid them down. Her sandals came off at the same time as her knickers and for the first time the lads had a naked woman in their home.

Andy was transfixed on her neatly trimmed pussy and his legs were pumping up and down in anticipation. "Good lord," he whispered, "For once, my prayers have been answered." 

"I am the angel of mercy," Sharon said "A somewhat fallen angel, but an angel nonetheless."

Behind her on the television a tall blonde woman had just walked into a bar where two men were having a drink.

"What's the chances that she gets fucked by those two guys?" she asked.

"Well," Andy patted the lounge between himself and Kyle, "Come sit down and we'll find out."
