 So, we're all x-ing this night and you have your newest little crush with you and we're all at a rave. She's on one side of you and I'm on the other and we're dancing and we're all starting to feel the x rolling and I'm touching her arm and you can tell how visceral I'm getting and that the x is really making me feel good. You're feeding her ice chips and then sneaking some into my mouth behind her. She can't see and doesn't know and I'm sucking on your fingers with each piece. Finally I steal one from your hand and slide it over her trembling lips and into her mouth. She looks blissful. 

She wraps her arms around me, tossing her head back and I run my hands down her body. You sit off to the side and watch us dance together. You see others watching us too. Men, of course, but also women. The DJ is clearly enjoying making us move and you can tell we have become his muse. 

She goes to you for more ice and you pull her to you. She sits on your lap and watches me dance. You trace ice down the back of her neck, cooling her off and making her tremble with your breath blowing on the ice trail. She reaches into the cup and brings me ice, sliding it into my mouth. You are watching her knowing how much she wants to kiss me. 

She pulls me back to the table and wraps her hands around my waist and I put my hands on the sides of her face and slide down to her chin, slightly pulling her towards me. She closes her eyes and lets a soft moan escape her lips. I reach out and kiss her neck as she stretches out in front of me.

You're touching my leg and her hands are alternating between rubbing you and me. We get up without talking. The three of us rush to your car and as you drive I touch her face and lips in the seat as you watch us in between lights. She sucks on my fingers and rubs your thigh.

You watch our faces get closer and you see my tongue slide along my lips. You know I'm going to kiss her and you can't stand the thought of missing a second of it.

You pull into your parking space and we pull away from each other. There's giggling and touching, pulling and tickling, as we walk inside. She immediately heads for the leather couch. You and I go into the kitchen to get apple juice and more crushed ice. I lean over in the fridge and you slide up behind me, gripping my hips with your hands. You pull me back against you as you grind along my leg rubbing your hands down my thighs and back up pulling my skirt up to my hips. I back into you as you slide a hand around my leg and slip it down into the side of my panties. You glide your fingers along my clit, rubbing down to my moist pussy. You're licking and kissing on my neck as you tease my clit and bob your finger in my pussy.

I pull away from you and you turn me around and back me up on the stove. You slide your hand down my front, along my leg, and then back up slipping back under my wet panties and to my pussy. Your hand flat on my pussy as you can feel my aching cunt and you can see my nipples hard through my white tank top. 

Your other hand is on my breast, pinching my nipple. *ooohh* yes... I move against your fingers as they slide around inside my panties. I'm so wet on your fingers as you suck and bite on my nipple through my tank. Your cock is getting so hard as your rub against my leg. I push you away and back into the other room carrying the ice.

I walk over to your girl and she's lying back with her eyes closed, moving slightly with the music you put on when we first walked in. I sit down next to her and touch her thigh and she rolls her head towards me, smiling. She asks for more ice and you sit on the other side of her and slip another piece around her lips and onto her tongue. You trail your wet fingers down the side of her neck, following it with your mouth kissing and sucking a bit.

I sit at her feet and slip her shoes off, rubbing up her calves. She breathes deeply and moans as she exhales looking down at me. She says "more" breathlessly and you and I both laugh. You say "more ice or more rubbing?" She says "more and more of both". You look at me and slip a piece of ice into my mouth. I suck your fingers as you pull them out of my mouth. You take a deep breath and sigh with the tug of my mouth. 

You get up and tell us to not go anywhere while you change. I continue to rub her calves and feet and she feeds me another piece of ice. I drip some onto her leg and she grinds down on the couch. I say "I guess you liked that?" and she breathes "ohh, yes. I really did."

I take the next piece of ice she gives me into my mouth and I kiss the inside of her knee. She inhales deeply and squeezes her knees around my face. I move my hands up the backs of her calves, under her knees and along the outside of her thighs.

You quickly come back into the room with a pair of shorts and a new t-shirt on. You sit down next to her and take the ice cup back, watching me look up at her. I slide my hand along her thighs, slowly, as I take another piece of ice and lick on her knee again. Her head is back, eyes closed, mouth open and she's gripping your thigh as my fingers disappear under her skirt. 

I slightly lift her up and pull her a bit towards me as I ease between her legs. I'm still on the floor and her skirt has slipped up a bit so I can see her panties. You put another piece of ice into her mouth and then another one into my mouth. I suck again on your finger and she sees this time and lifts your finger back to her mouth where she sucks your finger into her mouth. I take that opportunity to kiss the inside of her thigh and slide one hand over the top of her thigh higher up and down again, tickling her leg.

She's loving the attention and we can both tell from her hard nipples poking through her light shirt. My lips are brushing down on her inner thigh, tongue flicking out here and there. My hand gripping onto her leg... sliding along her thigh... she moans and arches a bit...*mmmm*

You hear my breath being sucked in as my fingers slide farther under her short skirt. I'm on my knees in front of her wiggling my ass as my hands touch her legs, sliding down to her ankles as my mouth kisses her thigh.

You get up to get a much bigger cup of ice and as you're walking out of the room you look back at us, watching me lick and kiss your girl's inner thighs as she stretches like a cat being petted. You hurry and when you walk back into the room you have a perfect view of my ass wiggling in the air only now you see that I must have taken off my panties at some point and with each movement you catch a different glimpse of my pussy from under my skirt. 

You move up behind me, watching my fingers slide up her legs and my mouth inch towards her panties. she's moaning softly as I lick and kiss her thigh. I rub my fingers on the outside of her soaked panties. Her nipples hard through her shirt and your cock throbs with your excitement as you strip off your clothes. 

You put your hands on my hips as my tongue darts at her panty-covered cunt. She arches back and you rub your cock against my pussy as I reach my hand up under her shirt to pinch and tug on her nipples. I push back against you as my finger slides under her panties and along her clit.

Her clit is wet and she moans and pushes against my finger as I slide it into her pussy around her lips. Your put your hands on my waist and then slide them under my t-shirt up to my tits. You move your hands back to my waist pulling me against you and then down my thighs and back up pulling up my skirt. You slip one hand around to my front all the while watching me finger your girl's clit. You slide your fingers down to my pussy and down my clit. Your other hand slips back up and around my waist gripping on to my breast, pinching my nipples as your finger teases my pussy and you begin to rub your hard cock along my clit. You lower your mouth to my back, kissing me and still trying to watch as I ease my finger in and out of her pussy. my mouth is licking at the edge of her panties and she takes off her shirt and begins to squeeze her own tits, pinching her nipples and moving against my mouth. 

I pull her panties down her thighs as you pull me against you again. I slide one finger into her wet cunt as my tongue lays against her clit and your fingers slide into my pussy. She's moaning and mumbling little gasps and ahs. You are so excited but you know I'm going to make this last and you reach over and slip a piece of ice into her mouth and then up into mine. Your fingers are wet from the ice and you push two back into my pussy.

You're gripping at my pussy, finger fucking and grinding your cock against me, watching me tongue fucking your crush. she's moaning and arching back, so excited now... pinching one of her own nipples and holding my head against her pussy with the other hand.

I'm licking and sucking on her clit, sliding my tongue into her pussy... sinking it deeper as your fingers pinch and squeeze my clit. You're finger fucking my pussy and pushing your cock along my leg and grinding in up against my clit.

I push back and keeping my fingers in her pussy I get you to lay back. Speaking softly and pulling her a bit I direct her to put her pussy along your cock, sitting on top of you. I take your cock in my hand and move my hands up and down it, leaning over with my breasts touching your cock, up and down hard in my hand as I reach over to her and slide my finger back inside of her pussy. She's wet and so ready to be fucked.

As you slide your hand down my waist I pull her while finger fucking her up to your cock and lightly slap your cock against her clit and sliding my fingers and hands over the two of you. You glide your cock into her pussy and she eases down on your shaft as I squeeze her big tits and suck at her nipples as your finger slides back into my pussy. You move your fingers up and down into my wet cunt as she starts to slide your cock deeper and slowly feeling you pushing deep inside of her. 

Your fingers begin to fuck me hard pinching my clit. you pull my body to you and laying all the way down you take my leg over you so that you can lick at my pussy while she's riding you. I pull at her and lick at her nipples as you slide your tongue into my pussy... deeper... oh yes... she's riding your cock now and sliding up and down your shaft. She's so wet and you slide your tongue deeper into my pussy, sucking and moaning as you tongue fuck my wet cunt. I grind down on your tongue and your finger as you slide it into my pussy. She's sliding up and down... harder now... faster...gripping your cock with her cunt kissing me and moaning into my mouth. 

She's starting to cum. I kiss her and suck on her lips like you're sucking on my clit and she grinds down hard on your cock. She's really fucking you hard as you grab my waist and pull my pussy down harder on your tongue...fucking my pussy with your mouth, moaning and licking and sucking as she cums on your cock. You grind your cock up into her as she cums again, riding your cock hard. I'm getting ready to cum as your fingers pinch my pussy, licking my clit, sliding your finger up and down and into my pussy...oh yes...

Your finger and your tongue sliding in as she grinds her pussy down your shaft... oh yes, that's it... yessss... keeping doing it... sliding it in... licking at my cunt... feeling her pushing down squeezing your hard throbbing cock as she rides it and her pussy so tight as I pinch her clit and... fucking your cock harder now... going to cum. She's going to cum now.. now... just as your cock slides in and fucks her... fucks her pussy... oh yes... your tongue in my pussy... finger on my clit... sucking at my pussy... my hand on her nipple... other sliding around on your cock and her pussy... kissing her mouth... licking at her lips... sucking her nipple ... her body grinding down on your cock... she's riding it... oh yes... going to cum... now... grinding down on your face and her on your cock... cumming... oooohhhhhhhhhhh... you still licking and sucking... cumming so hard...

We all stop breathing for a minute, collapsing into each other. She kisses me deeply and we grab the ice cup and run into the bathroom. You hear the shower come on and giggling. You know where this is going and grab a bottle of lotion from the closet and come to join us. We have hours to play before we'll start to wear down and you're ready to keep making both of us feeling sexy and hot until we are completely exhausted.