 My heart slowly began to race, faster and faster, I was pretty sure I was going into SVT. The look in his eyes was one I wasn't familiar with yet, it was a mix of excitement and something I couldn't quite put my finger on but it made my blood run cold. Danger maybe? The excitement alone in his eyes was enough to keep me there, even if there was danger. I trusted this man with my life and that'll probably be the death of me. I was his with all my being but he wasn't mine. As much as it killed me he would never be mine. My relationship with him would always be stolen moments and empty promises of the future, but that was ok with me for now. He is like a drug. A high I'm always chasing. Just like any dealer he always gives me just enough to keep me hooked and coming back for more. I honestly believe being an alcoholic or a heroin addict would be easier to conquer then walking away from Zander White. I'm drawn to him like a moth is drawn to the flame. Something in me craves him on a daily basis. Being Without him was the equivalent of being without oxygen. In that moment as he was eyeing my every move he spoke and sent shivers down my entire body. 

"Sarah" his voice had a very strong sexy country accent.

My eyes were locked with his he knew he had my full attention, he knew he always had my full attention. 

"Yes" I manage.

He cautiously started my way. The intensity between us was undeniable. His hand made its way to my face and with one touch my body began to tingle. 

My love for him was irrevocable.

He set my whole body on fire when his lips touched mine and slowly began to caress. I was the puppet and he was the puppet master. 

Let me be clear, I do believe Zander cares for me in his own way and maybe its more then I realize but he's so mysterious when it comes to his emotions and feelings, a very hard to read man. I lay everything out there and wear my heart on my sleeve. 

I only say he would never be mine because he's married. The man of my dreams, the love of my life belongs to another. Its a situation I wouldn't recommend to anyone...ever. Its like ripping your heart out everyday and throwing it into the fire and feeling it burn every single day. The feeling of not being enough for someone has its psychological repercussions and the jealousy that comes with having to share is enough to make you want stand in front of an oncoming train. With all that being said I was in the middle of a single moment that was bound to change my life drastically one way or another. This moment was going to either destroy me to my core or show me a possible solution to my problem.

He slowly began to raise my shirt up over my head, I'd been intimate with him many times before, he knew my body better than me. 

Unfortunately this time was different. This time we weren't alone. His wife began to unclasp my bra and let it fall to the floor. My breathing was starting to become more rapid. While trying to appear calm and fully under control I returned the favorite freeing her from her bra. 

I look over at Zander h's clearly pleased with the image thats right in front of him. The growing bulge in his pants was proof of that.

Zander is 39 and I'm 25. I've known him for many years but never really had a chance to talk to him until about a year. Once we started talking it was everyday. Our connection grew emotionally and physically. I've been so sexually open with anyone in my life, he started a fire within me that couldn't be tamed or put out. I fell in love with him and told him. He made it very clear to me that those were never words id hear from him and I accepted that. When he finally whispered those 3 words in my ear one night my heart nearly exploded with joy. 

This was his idea. The threesome with his unsuspecting wife Amber. She knew nothing about our relationship. She had no clue I was deeply in love with her husband. He probably made her think this was her idea and I was just a young naive girl they agreed on. 

Amber smiled at me and looked back at Zander as her lips slowly started at mine and made their way down my neck, then my chest until she had my nipple in her mouth. She slowly started sucking and I slowly began to accept the fact that this was happening. Without warning my body let out a moan. The sensation was amazing, Zander watching us together was hot. As Amber and I began exploring each others bodies Zander slipped off his jeans. Amber took my hand and led me to her husband, my love. She helped him out of his boxers and exposed his giant dick hard and ready. 

"You need to suck on him" Amber said so delicately. Amazing how willing she was to share him with me, if I had any say I wouldn't be sharing this man. I did was I was told and took his dick into my mouth. He was throbbing and so hard. He let out a muffled moan of approval. Which made me grow hotter and wetter. As I had as much of him as I could handle in my mouth I felt fingers slowly tracing down my back, Ambers fingers and she didn't stop until she found my pussy and slowly entered me. I whimpered as she fingered me and I sucked Zanders cock. As much as I wanted to hate this moment I loved every second of it. Amber and I began making out again more passionately this time. I decided to take Zanders earlier advice and tried to relax and just go with it all. That being said I made my way down her chest and her belly until I had my tongue inside of her. Amber was very vocal at this point. I didn't stop until I made her come and even then I continued to lick her juices. 

"My turn to taste you" Ambers entire body glistened with sweat. I've never been with another women before so the thought of getting her off excited me even more. As she began to return the favor my heart dropped into my stomach as I watched my Zander make his way towards his wife. His eyes never left mine as he entered her with his throbbing cock. He watched my every move as he fucked her. My body was my enemy at that point, it betrayed me as I slowly felt the need to cum while Ambers tongue and fingers were inside of me. I finally let go and cummed hard followed by my body quivering. Zander was enjoying every minute of this he stopped thrusting in his wife and leaned down and kissed me. My body was ultra sensitive and his lips touching mine sent chills down my body. I took his hand as he helped me up. Amber watched our every move. I was very cautious to control myself with him. I didn't want his wife to know this wasn't the first time we've been intimate. That task only was harder than I thought it would be. 

All I wanted to do was grab his face with my hands and kiss him passionately, whisper I love him in his ear, and make love to him like we were the only two on the room. Just like we had so many times before in this very room. I controlled myself though and instead straddled his body on the bed while Amber slowly guided him inside of me. He filled me with his cock and he felt amazing. Sex with Zander was always like a high for me, he made me feel things I've never felt before with another man. I closed my eyes and for a brief moment pretended it was only us in the room while Zander kissed his wife passionately, the way I yearned to kiss him. I rode him faster and harder as he sucked on her nipples and she positioned herself to sit on his face. My emotions where going crazy, happy I'm fucking my love but the jealousy, the pain of seeing him with his wife. Amber orgasmed again and laid on the bed watching me fuck her husband. I watched Zander's face I knew he was close to cumming, I wanted him to cum inside of me so bad just like he has many times before but I didn't know how his wife would react. I didn't care and I don't think he did either as he filled me up with his hot juices. To my surprise Amber looked pleased. I laid in the bed between the two of them. My mind racing trying to understand everything that had just taken place, trying to decide if I was ok or just numb from the high.