 Author's notes:

1. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this story are not necessarily either condoned or recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.

2. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental. The story is purely imaginary and, to the author's knowledge, bears no relationship to any factual occurrence.

3. This story follows on from Ch. 1,2, 3 and 4 of Sharleen's Sexual Adventures. While this is a stand-alone story, prompted by comments by readers of earlier stories, if you haven't already read those stories I would advise you to do so first.

*********************************

Ben took Sharleen home to Dale's house where they were greeted by the whole gang. Dale, of course, was very emotional to have her daughter return safe and apparently sound from her training session and they hugged as they shed a few tears of joy at their reunion. Shar was then greeted by the others, Trevor, Mark, Jude and Joe, all of whom hugged and kissed her as though she'd been away for years instead of weeks. They went through to the large lounge room where drinks and snacks had been prepared and they sat on the sofas to catch up.

"Tell us about your experiences," was the request of the whole group.

So Shar went through the whole ten weeks, her difficulties with controlling her orgasms, the angst she felt at being apparently unable to please her Mistress due to her rampant sexuality, her triumph of achieving total control, her achievement at being able to cum on command, and finally of enduring the 100 strokes and the healing time at the end of the session.

"You mean to tell me that you're able to cum at will?" asked Joe, "I don't see how that could happen."

Shar faced him squarely. "I guess you want a demo," she countered.

Everyone agreed that a demo was in order, so Shar relaxed back in the cushions, stretched her long lovely legs out and then asked Joe to command her to cum.

"Shar, cum for me now," he said sternly.

Shar closed her eyes, her body began trembling then a few seconds later she was thrashing around on the sofa, moaning gently and showing all the signs of having an ecstatic orgasmic experience. After around half a minute she relaxed, her body stilled and her breathing slowed.

"But you could have put that on," said Joe, still unconvinced.

Shar stared at him, then slowly, sexily she raised her skirt and pulled her panties off, tossing the sodden garment to him.

"And I suppose this is just a put on too," she said disparagingly.

Joe picked up her panties, feeling the dampness and then smelling them.

"Hmmm, ok, I'll believe you. They certainly smell sexy to me," he conceded.

"Wow, how do you do that?" asked Dale.

"It takes training, Mom, eight long weeks of training," smiled Shar in reply.

She also told them about the way in which she could repress her orgasm until given permission to cum.

"That could be fun to watch and experience," said Mark, "I guess that took eight weeks to master as well."

"Yes it did and that was probably the hardest thing I had to do. You know how insatiable I was before? Well now it's all voluntary. I can cum when I wish or when I'm ordered and not cum when I wish or am ordered. Total control." Shar grinned at the group.

Joe and Mark looked at each other. "I reckon we should put this to the test. I guarantee I can make her cum without permission. Anyone want to take me up on a bet with that?"

"Yes, I'll take you on," said Ben. "I'll bet that you can fuck Shar as long as you wish and she won't cum, then I can fuck her and she'll be cumming inside two minutes. You on?"

"Huh, of course I am. A hundred says she'll cum on my cock before I cum in her and you won't get a look in."

"Done."

"Don't I get a say in this?" asked Shar with a grin, knowing exactly how the bet would play out and wondering what Ben would spend the hundred on.

"No, you're just a slave; you'll do as you're told," replied Joe.

"Let's have dinner first," suggested Dale, "Otherwise it'll spoil. Then after dinner we can have the lust and debauchery."

They all agreed and went through to the laden table and selected their dinners. Conversation was lighter now, mainly catching Shar up on what had been happening in the world while she had been on her session. After dessert they all helped clean up the kitchen then returned to the lounge. Dale and Mark brought in a large foam mattress and spread it on the floor, covering it with a sheet.

"Ok, Joe, she's all yours. Show us your talents," invited Dale.

While everyone helped themselves to a glass of wine and sat on the sofas, Joe approached Shar and began stripping her slowly and sexily, doing his best to arouse her to speed up his conquest. Shar cooperated but did not reciprocate, instead leaving Joe to remove his own clothing. Joe then picked her up and carried her to the mattress, gently laying her on her back with her legs widespread.

I didn't feel in the least sexy, especially after my earlier orgasm. But Joe was persistent, lying beside me, caressing me all over, examining the few remaining signs of my beating before slowly and, presumably what he thought was sexily, exploring my pussy and breasts. It must have had some effect as I felt him spreading my juices around then entering me with his finger.

"There, baby, doesn't that feel good now?" he whispered into my ear. I didn't reply but I did reach down to find his hard cock and began caressing it, feeling it enlarge in my hand and, I must confess, looking forward to it entering me.

That happened quite soon afterwards. His cock head spread my pussy wide and easily penetrated my wet tunnel. It felt wonderful; I felt full and for the first time began to feel sexy. I remembered the previous times we'd made love and also remembered that I used to cum almost immediately he filled me, then would cum several more times before he injected his sperm into the end of my vagina. I realized then just how far I'd come in the past ten weeks.

Joie quickly established a rhythm, pummelling my pussy relentlessly as I lay compliantly beneath him. I felt my arousal increase until I was almost ready to cum, then it seemed to go on hold at this near peak level, as it always did now. It felt very wonderful , deliciously wonderful, but I knew I could stay like that all night and not cum. 

Joe began grunting as he thrust inside me, pressing the base of his cock against my clit, trying his hardest to stimulate me so I would go over the top, but to no avail. He began massaging my breasts, which felt very nice and increased my arousal, but not far enough to orgasm. Then he began panting and eased back a little in his efforts, obviously trying to hold off his inevitable orgasm until after I'd had mine. Fat chance he had! I reached between us and held his balls gently, squeezing them a little, then harder. Suddenly it was over. Joe thrust deeply inside me and I felt his hot cum pulsing against the end of my vagina as I lay unmoving beneath him.

At least two minutes passed before Joe withdrew his semi-hard cock and stood up.

"Ok, Ben, you win the first round. Now you have to make this cold fish cum inside two minutes. Be my guest."

"Thanks, Joe," replied Ben, stepping over to the mattress as he removed his clothing, "Come on, darling, let's show 'em, shall we?" he whispered to me.

"Oh yes, honey, just order me to cum and your wish is my command," I replied also in a whisper.

Ben gently inserted his rock hard cock into my very sloppy love canal and pushed it fully home. He began moving back and forth, slowly then with increasing speed. I felt myself return to my previously stable state of arousal.

"Cum for me, Shar, cum for me now," he whispered into my ear.

I needed no further bidding. After a mere three more thrusts and well before he was ready to spurt, I was in the throes of a fantastic orgasm beneath my true love. I writhed, moaned, and shook in ecstasy for nearly a minute before gradually returning to a more placid state, my breathing decreasing as I did so. I noticed he smiled at Joe, then continued to make love to me.

Having just cum, the new me didn't need any further stimulation but felt quite satisfied. However, I realized Ben wanted to put on a show so allowed him to continue. Gradually I returned to my previous stable high level as I felt Ben approach his orgasm. He whispered in my ear again, ordering me to cum once more, then gave three more hard thrusts and I felt him begin spurting his copious juices into me as I dissolved in ecstasy once again. 

We writhed together for what seemed like hours, but was probably only a minute or two, both lost in each other's love as we experienced ultimate conjugal bliss. Gradually we slowed then stopped our movements, kissed each other deeply, separated then took the towels that Dale offered to clean ourselves up while the others continued to look on in amazement.

After Ben and Shar had resumed their seats and Joe had made a show of handing over the $100, the conversation once more developed, this time mainly questioning me about how I did that.

"So if I'd commanded you to cum you would have?" asked Joe.

"Possibly not. I have to recognize the authority of the person giving the command before my body will respond as commanded. Otherwise it could be really embarrassing. For example, if I was walking through a park and heard a mother tell her child to 'Come here' I don't really want to dissolve in orgasm at her feet, do I? So it is context and the authority of the person I guess. So even if Ben and I were shopping and he told me to 'Come here' to see something, I still wouldn't orgasm because the context is wrong. It's really subtle. At least, that's what I've worked out so far."

"So you're able to just lie there while men make love to you for hours on end without cumming?" asked Jude.

"I think so," replied Shar, "The only difference between how I used to be and how I am now is that before I would have been cumming very frequently and would have been desperate for more while now I'm no longer desperate, can cum when I want to or not, and don't have the quiet desperation for unattainable satisfaction I had before. It's a very much better way to be, I think."

"Well, I think it's time we brought some more mattresses in here and turned this party into an orgy," said Trevor. "Ben and Joe have had their turns investigating Shar's new potential, now I'd like to as well and I'm sure Mike wouldn't say no to a bit of research."

Everyone agreed and very soon the floor was covered in mattresses, everyone was naked and the party was progressing exactly as every well-run orgy should. Later in the night, once everyone had satisfied their immediate needs, Dale brought out a collection of toys. This rejuvenated the party and soon she was using a dildo and vibrator on Shar to check her limits on stimulation. It appeared that nothing she could do would cause Shar to cum, until she ordered her to, after which she came hard in a few seconds.

"Wow, it works for toys as well. What an amazing gift you have," Dale commented to her daughter.

"Yes, I can't see a use for it but I'm really amazed how powerful the mind is in things sexual. No wonder they say that impotence is mostly in the mind, except in cases of gross physical deformity of course," replied Shar. "Perhaps after full training I'll be able to assist those poor people who find sex unpleasant rather than fulfilling."

Soon they all decided that it was time to sleep so Jude, Joe and Trevor farewelled everyone and headed home to bed while Dale and Mark, Shar and Ben went to their respective suites. Once Ben and Shar were settled into bed, they hugged and kissed each other silently for a long time.

"I've so missed you, darling," said Ben.

"Oh I've missed you too, honey. I'd often lie awake at night in pain from a caning or some other punishment asking myself was it all worth it and what was I trying to prove. However, I am very pleased with the results and do intend pressing on with the next stages."

"So what's involved with the next session?"

"I'm not quite sure but I think it will be far more sexual than the first one. I know I have a Master rather than a Mistress this time and I suspect that he'll be fucking me frequently. Is that ok with you, sweetheart?"

"If you have to, I guess you have to. Let's just hope the results are worth the effort again. So long as I know you'll be coming back to me it will be worth the wait. I don't know how I'd handle life without you now."

"Yes, darling, I promise I'll return to you. Maybe once I've finished the sessions we could be together always, do you think?"

"What, you mean like getting married?" asked Ben a little surprised by Shar's line of thought.

"Hmmm, maybe," she replied non-committedly. "Time will tell."

Shar reached down and caressed Ben's cock and balls, noticing that his cock was already hardening again despite several cums during the evening. 

"Mmmm, I'm glad he's so pleased to see me," she cooed. "Can I lie on you and you push it in me please, darling?"

"Of course," he replied, rolling her onto him. Her legs straddled his thighs and his cock head pressed against, then split her pussy lips, oozing its way inside slowly. Shar gasped and nuzzled into his neck as the sensations from her vagina coursed through her, sending tiny shivers down her spine. Oh she loved this man so much, she thought to herself. They moved together like a well-oiled machine, each arousing the other, closer and closer, until she felt him tense and felt pulses of his sperm flooding her tunnel as he whispered in her ear "Cum with me, honey." Immediately her body obeyed and she went over the top, writhing in her ecstasy as he tightened his grip on her to prevent her rolling off.

They remained together and simply turned onto their sides, then kissed and fell into deep dreamless sleeps.

The four week break between sessions went quickly and it wasn't very long at all until Ben drove Shar to the venue for the second session. She kissed him deeply, said a final goodbye, promised to love him forever, then she was gone and he drove home alone to an empty house.

Shar was greeted by a naked slave, who introduced herself as Slave Susan and showed Shar to her room, a fairly basic space similar to her previous space. 

"Remove all your clothing and wait for Master Simon," Slave Susan told her.

Shar did this and sat on the bed for what must have been an hour at least until Master Simon appeared in the doorway.

"Stand up when I approach you," he ordered.

Shar stood and looked down as a docile, well-trained slave should.

"That's better. Now, neophyte slave Sharleen, down on your knees."

Shar knelt, still looking down.

"Arms further back, thrust those breasts out to me. They are no longer yours, they belong to me for the next ten weeks. And get those knees further apart so your sex is also thrust out where it belongs."

I moved, realizing that four weeks without direction had taken its toll.

"That's better. Remember your place and I insist on respect otherwise you will spend your time here in severe pain. I would have expected you to have remembered these basics."

Yes, Master, I'm sorry Master." 

"At least you know how to address me. We can be thankful for small mercies. You are here because you have chosen to study the art of sexual love. In the next ten weeks you will learn how to please a man and a woman lover. You can expect to be fucked at least once a day, usually by myself or, if I choose not to, by my Slave Marcel. On occasions, and especially towards the end of the session, you will be fucked by visitors of my choice. Mind that you give them the same pleasure as you give me. In addition you will be made love to and make love with Slave Susan, whom you have already met. She will teach you the finer points of arousing and pleasing a woman and later in the session you will receive female visitors to pleasure.

"Infractions will be severely punished usually by whip or cane, but at times a more sexual punishment may be applied. Punishment may also be applied because I feel like it or, with my permission, because either of my slaves or my visitors feel like it. You must realize you are here to do our bidding, accept your punishment and that is all. You have no rights except the right to call red and walk out of here, having wasted your time in experiencing your previous session. Do you have any questions?"

"No. Master Simon," replied Shar hastily.

"Good. Then dinner will be ready very soon. I'll send Slave Susan to collect you. Until then, stay here on your knees and contemplate your behavior."

Master Simon strode out without a backward glance, leaving Shar trembling and concerned for herself in view of the huge amount she seemed to forget between the previous session and now. After an age Slave Susan appeared at the doorway and gestured for Shar to follow her. She did and ended up in a large hall with one end of a huge table set for dinner. Susan indicated she should stand behind a chair with eyes downcast and wait. Susan stood in a similar manner behind another chair. Soon Master arrived and sat on a chair and Susan gestured for Shar to sit while she did so herself.

A naked male slave, who Shar thought was probably Marcel, brought several platters of food to the table then sat in the remaining vacant chair. Master helped himself to the food then nodded to indicate that the slaves could now make their selection. Dinner proceeded in silence, the only sounds being the muted sound of cutlery on plates and chewing. Once dinner was ended, the male slave removed all the plates and returned to his prior seat.

"Neophyte slave Sharleen, this is Slave Marcel."

They nodded to each other silently.

"I understand you like to be called Shar, is that correct?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good. I have given you an outline of what will be happening here. Slave Susan and Slave Marcel can fill you in on the details." Master looked at his watch. "Please prepare yourself for your first sexual encounter at 8pm this evening. Susan will instruct you on this."

"Yes, Master."

Master then stood and walked out of the room. As soon as he was gone both slaves relaxed visibly and turned to Shar with smiles on their faces.

"Welcome, Shar," said Marcel, "I hope we can get on just fine together."

Shar understood exactly what he meant as she realized that he was to be her lover when Master was not inclined. "I'm sure we'll hit it off just fine," replied Shar.

"How are you settling in, Shar?" asked Susan.

"Slowly. It's hard to remember everything after four weeks off but it'll come back I'm sure."

The two slaves then briefed Shar on how the household operated and most particularly how she should prepare herself for her evening tryst, either with Master of Marcel.

"First you must shower, then ensure that all your pubic hair is removed and smooth. Then I recommend that you use some oil on your pussy and inside your cunt because Master can sometimes be very rough and fuck you with no preparation. Those times he relies on me to arouse him then simply thrusts inside you a few times and cums. This is pure raw fucking; there is no love making or anything like that here. Marcel tries to be gentler but if Master is watching he can be punished if he isn't as rough as Master wants."

Shar looked at Marcel's cock, a huge worm lying flaccid in his crotch.

"How big are you?" asked Shar.

"Eleven inches long, six inches round when hard. Don't worry, you'll stretch and you'll get to love this cock in your cunt. Master is smaller, but only slightly. Hope your boyfriend's well-endowed or you won't feel him after ten weeks here."
