 In Chapter One, Mister Ree welcomed Sharin and Ingrid to his garden. Ingrid was the first to experience pleasure. Now it's Sharin turn.

Sharin laid face down on the lounger with Ingrid kneeling on one side and Mister Ree on the other. She felt Ingrid's hands slowly caress her back and shoulders as she applied lotion to protect Sharin from the sun. 

Mister Ree's hands began massaging her legs – from her ankles to her knees. Then, his hands moved higher. She felt her nipples harden and her pussy moistened with anticipation. Mister Ree did not disappoint her as she felt his hands part her legs and slide across her buttocks and then between her lips. She moaned when his fingers brushed against her wet pussy lips.

"Let's do the front," Mister Ree suggested. Sharin turned over and Ingrid immediately began applying lotion to Sharin's breasts. Sharin's nipples grew even harder and Ingrid gently tugged at the nipples.

Mister Ree's hands slid along her legs and then between them. Ingrid watched as Sharin parted her legs – her dark-haired pussy came into view. As Mister Ree's hands caressed and slid between Sharin's pussy lips, Ingrid intensified her tugging of Sharin's nipples. Sharin parted her legs even further – exposing her wet pink pussy to Ingrid and Mister Ree wandering hands.

Sharin eyes were closed – but her hands were busy. Her left hand was stroking Mister Ree's cock – making it harder and longer. Her right hand was buried between Ingrid's legs – sliding in and out of Ingrid's warm wetness. What a sensation Sharin felt – Mister Ree's hands caressing her clit, Ingrid's hands flicking her nipples, one of her hands on a rock-hard cock and the other buried deep inside her best friend's pussy. Sharing ace into the sensations and she enjoyed a delicious climax.

"I've got to taste your pussy," Ingrid said. With that, she moved to the end of the lounger and placed her lips against Sharin's pussy. Sharin felt Ingrid's tongue dancing against her clit and she groaned with passion. As Ingrid tasted Sharin's sweetness, she pushed her face tightly against Sharin's pussy. Sharin responded by pushing her hips up and down in rhythm with the movements of Ingrid's rapid tongue.

Mister Ree stood and began caressing Sharin's breasts. She looked to see his cock just inches from her lips. She pulled him toward her and began kissing and licking his manhood. Her hand caressed his testicles.

Sharin felt another climax growing closer. She wanted to cum against Ingrid's tongue and taste Mister Ree's love juice at the same time. She took all of Mister Ree's cock in her mouth and began to squeeze testicles. She placed both her hands on his cock and began rapidly stroking it, while her lips nibbled on the tip.

Sharin began to climax just as Mister Ree began to spurt his seed. She pulled back her lips and it arced across her breasts and stomach. Mister Ree's cock was still hard and when Ingrid leaned back to catch her breath, he crawled between Sharin's legs and plunged his cock deep inside her.

Ingrid watched as Mister Ree's cock slid in and out – glistening with Sharin's wetness. Sharin pushed her hips up to meet each of Mister Ree's thrusts. Ingrid knelt behind Mister Ree and her hand caressed his testicles. Ingrid's other hand was busy caressing Sharin's breasts again.

Ingrid watched the couple as they passionately made love. Her pussy was wet with anticipation. Soon she would be on the receiving end of that wonderful cock.

(Continued in Chapter Three of "Adam & Two Eves")