 WARNING! If you don't like slut-wife stories, where the wife, with permission and encouragement from her husband, has sex with multiple partners, as does he, please read no further. If you wish to comment, regardless of your point of view, please do so. However, spineless derogatory anonymous comments will be deleted. Enjoy.

*****

When my wife wants something, I can sometimes find it impossible to refuse her. 

We'd just got back from a weekend away where we'd met some friends and swapped partners. I'd always suspected that my wife, and mother of two children, was a whole lot hornier than most women. 

She was kneeling on the bed wearing nothing but a smile and casually stroking my cock to hardness when she asked me the question.

"Do you know Lisa from work?" I had never met Lisa but had heard all about her break up with her husband. I just nodded.

"We were talking the other day about sex and stuff and I told her how we had an open relationship."

"Did you now," I said intrigued, "What did you tell her?"

"How we go and meet friends every month or so and fuck ourselves senseless."

"Does she want to join?" 

"Not really," she said, "She's invited us to join her at a club in the city."

"What sort of club?" 

"Some sort of swinger's club in Surry Hills."

"Do you want to go?"

She was sucking my cock when I asked her that question and in order to answer, she drew back from my swelling and appreciative knob, stretching a drawbridge of precum to her bottom lip.

"Judging by the girth and hardness of your cock," she rubbed her thumb over my oozing piss hole, "I think that you'd love to go."

She hadn't answered the question but I continued on. "What's Lisa like?" I asked with a pronounced lift to my voice as she licked her tongue back over my knob.

"Short black hair, very petite, almost Asian like."

I have to admit, I liked the sound of her.

"Why haven't I met her before?" I asked, "And why did her hubby leave?"

"I'll answer the last question first," she said, "They both used to swing but like a lot of couples it was seen as a way of putting a bit of a spark back into a relationship that was dying."

"Let me guess," I said, "One of them played up outside of the arrangement and the other found out."

"Amazing!" she threw her hands back in mock surprise, "How did you guess?"

"Dunno," I put my hands behind my head and enjoyed the blowjob, "Must be a genius."

"So who do you think played up?" Annoyingly she stopped stroking.

"I'll say it was him and a workmate."

"Correct again," she said, "but it wasn't what you'd expect."

"Try me," I said, "I reckon she came home and he was balls deep in a thin, and much more attractive, young lady."

"Nope."

"Ok she went to his work place and found him with two girls,"

"Nope."

"A dirty drug addicted prostitute."

"Nope."

"Someone really fat," I was getting desperate, "That would do it for me."

She looked at me in mock horror before shaking her head. 

"Nope."

"I give up," I said, "There's nothing else."

"Are you sure?" she said teasingly, "Are you giving up so easily?"

"Wait," I lifted my right hand for dramatic purposes.

"A nun."

"No."

"A fat nun," I'd given up, "A fat drug addicted nun who used to be a prostitute."

"She went to see him at work one Thursday night.."

"Ok so do I get any points for getting the 'at work' bit?"

She just shook her head and continued.

"He was with two guys."

"No way."

She just nodded slowly. 

"Just three guys," I said, "No lady."

She nodded and my dick became instantly flaccid.

"Shit hey," I said, "I bet she was terrified about getting Aids."

"Yep she went and had all the usual tests like we do, but thankfully she came up clean."

"Thank Christ for that."

"Surely if he wanted to fuck an arse he could have had yours." 

She slapped me.

"He told her that all that close contact with other naked men switched something on he couldn't turn off." She went back to sucking my cock, renewing its previous vigour.

"Yep," I pulled out and flipped her over onto all fours. "Men are bizarre creatures sometimes."

I looped a length of her long black curly hair around my fingers and pulled her head gently back before I spat on her arsehole and slid my cock in. The irony wasn't missed.

She fingered her pussy as I pumped into her. Moments later, as she shook in orgasm and I emptied my scrotum over her freshly fucked arse and pussy, she asked me again if I wanted to attend.

"I'll think about it," I said, but I'd already decided yes.

-

During the following week our fucking intensified to the point where we both came to the realisation that even though we swung routinely with another couple, it had become just that, routine.

On the Thursday night before our adventure Sharon was lying back on the bed rubbing her pussy with her latest rubber, vibrating toy when she threw me another curve ball.

"About Saturday night," she said, "Lisa doesn't want to turn up with another man."

"Why not?" I asked, somewhat put off.

"She said that it will add to the impact if we show up as single women," she slipped the fat impostor cock past her trimmed pubic hair and slowly inserted its girth into her glistening wetness.

"So you'll both end up looking single," I opened my dressing gown and pulled out my swelling cock. "How will I get in then?"

"We'll have to get our usual tests done as this is going to be a special franger free event."

"Really?" I said, "No condoms?"

"Yep."

I was impressed. Usually we were always rolling one on when with others outside our group. This reminded me of our obligation to the other swingers we met with.

"Have you told everyone else?" 

She nodded her head.

"They want us to have a check before we meet again, just to be on the safe side."

I remembered how a few of the others had all gone on trips overseas and the same conditions existed. I knew that our drug and disease status was going to remain pure.

"Lisa has organised it so that all you have to do is mention to Olivia that you're with us," I wandered over next to her head and shook my cock at her. "Give her your medical certificate and away you go."

"Who's Olivia?" I had to ask.

"One of the owners."

She lay back and hung her head over the side of the bed. 

"So you're on a first name basis now with the owners of a swingers club," I said.

"Lisa's organising it all," she licked the underside of my cock as I lowered it down. "This is all for her benefit, not mine."

"So you'll just sit innocently back and watch then," I said knowing full well the answer was no.

"That will depend on the quality of people at the event," she said.

"What people exactly are going to be there?" I slapped her face with my cock.

"As I said," she grabbed my cock and sucked on the pre-cum that was oozing out, "You'll find out on Saturday night."

"I can't help but think that there will be a distinct gender imbalance."

She bent her knees up and the rubber cock disappeared into her pussy.

"I fucking hope so," she moaned as a very rapid orgasm racked her body.

-

All day Sharon was out at the beauty factory getting herself primed and trimmed for the night's action. I last saw her at ten in the morning. After the treatment she was going to Lisa's before leaving to meet me at the club. I did the standard Saturday morning thing, sport and shopping, prior to taking the kids around to my mum and dad's.

I gave my parent's the usual reason, that I'd booked a live show and hotel package, and we were having a night away. Little did they know what kind of live show.

Before I went into the club I decided to sneak in a few beers at the pub just down the road.

Sharon said that she and Lisa would show up at around nine o'clock and that she wanted me to get there about half an hour or so earlier. Lisa wanted to try to work out who I was. 

A few beers later, and a viagra, and I was ready for the night's activities. I sauntered back up the road to where the dirty red light hung down from above the doorway. 

With my knuckle I pressed the doorbell and gave my cheesiest smile up to the camera.

Moments later the door opened slightly as a tall brunette in a short black skirt and lacy top opened the door.

"Hi," I said, "I'm Marcus, I'm Sharon's far better half."

I handed her my medical documents and she just gave me a wry grin and nodded me in. 

Right near the entrance was the bar where some blokes were having a beer, a wrought iron staircase split the room in two separating the bar from what looked like any normal lounge room, except this one had a spa in the corner. A leather lounge curved around the corner and a large footrest, about five foot long and covered in a large red oriental style cushion, lay parallel to it. 

My concerns about a gender imbalance had come true, but not overly so. Around the bar were twelve men, yes I counted them, all with their towels tightly wrapped around their waists. They were nothing to get too excited by, they were just a standard assortment of guys. Some looked as young as twenty, others near and over the fifty mark.

Fortunately there were also a few ladies mingling with the other men in the lounge area. There were of four of them in total and they didn't look too bad. There was a rather plain looking lady with shoulder length hair and rather large boobs in her mid-30's sitting on what was most likely her boyfriend's lap. 

An older elegant lady, in her late forties anyway with short cropped blonde hair, was circling the room with glasses of beer and a box of Viagra. I wished I hadn't wasted money taking my own. 

"Hi," she said as she lowered the tray towards me, "I'm Pam, would you be interested in a drink and a pill to help you through the night."

Pam was topless and wearing a simple mini-skirt, as were all the ladies. It was almost as if it was a uniform. When Pam lowered the tray I noticed that she had both nipples pierced.

Considering that the night looked like it might be a big one, I said yes to both.

"Would you like someone to show you around," she said, "I'm guessing this is your first time."

"My first time here," I said, not wanting to sound inexperienced.

"I'll get Rose to show you around."

She summoned over a tall stunning brunette in her thirties that had barely any tits. She had a tattoo of a rose just above her right breast and a cracker of a smile.

"Would you like to take..." she waited for me to introduce myself.

"Marcus," I said.

"Take Marcus on the grand tour."

"Certainly," she said as she showed me down a corridor, "First though I think you should get undressed and have a quick shower."

Down the left hand side of the corridor were a series of lockers and Rose grabbed a key from Olivia before we headed down.

"You'll find a towel hanging inside," she said, "Time to get undressed."

I thought she was going to move away but she just stood there watching me disrobe.

Just as I reached for my belt buckle Rose held out her hand.

"Do you mind if I do that?" she said, "It really turns me on."

"Sure," I said, "Go for it."

She squatted down and with a smile as big as the Harbour Bridge she unbuckled the belt, undid the button, pulled down my fly and peeled open my pants.

She then hooked her fingers around the elastic of my Bonds and pulled them down.

"He's all squashed up," she said as she grabbed a hold of it.

"You might just have to do something about that," I said in hope of a quick blow job, but thanks to her ministrations, my pecker was already beginning to expand.

"Now this is the part I love," she said as she pulled gently on my cock pulling it to hardness.

"But," she let go of it and slyly I saw her rub her own pussy. "You'd best have a shower and when you're dry, I'll finish the tour.

My shower was lightning fast and within minutes I was standing back next to Rose awaiting the revival of my tour.

"Now in here, she said gesticulating to a room, "Is the private room. You can't go in there unless you've been invited, although you can watch through these peep holes." She lifted up a timber slide set into the wall and had a look.

"Damn," she let the slide drop back down, "Empty."

Further down and on the right she opened another door.

"This is the room where those that like to be restrained come to," she spun the swing in the middle of the room around, "This is cool but it's as far as I go."

On one wall was the usual shackles and a rope hung from the ceiling. The walls had had all the plaster removed and the exposed brickwork gave it a rustic appeal. 

"And over here," we walked into a room opposite, "Is our favourite room, the group room."

In the middle of this large red painted and lit room was a large king sized bed surrounded by lounges and chairs. On the roof there were mirrored panels reflecting back whatever action was going to occur on the bed.

"Very cool," I said.

"I know right," Rose said. "Have you met the rest of the ladies?

"Not yet," I said, "Just you and Pam."

"Well, let's go meet them shall we."

As we entered back into the main living area I quickly scanned the room just in case my wife and Lisa had arrived.

"By the way," Pam said "we have another group room upstairs."

"Is there anyone up there at the moment?" I asked.

Rose took a quick look around before shaking her head in the negative, "The room downstairs is more popular, it's nicer." 

Most excitedly for me anyway was the girl sitting between two lads on a heavily cushioned coffee table. She was a delightful young girl, brunette, maybe mid twenties, with a winning smile and the nicest tits that I'd seen for a while. There wasn't an ounce of fat on her. The only blemish was the stud on the left side of her nose. She had all the cuteness of an innocent teen and I was going to make it my mission to have a piece of her tonight. 

"This is Emma," Rose said as I stood looking in awe at the veritable beauty before me. "And over here we have Lynn."

I was dragged by the elbow over to where the woman was still sitting on her boyfriends lap.

"Hi there Lynn," I said looking her squarely in her large boobs. 

In all, the spirit of everyone there was jovial and friendly. I struck up a conversation with Pam who had all the accent and demeanour of someone who came from money. I'm sure that hanging in her locker was some of the finest clothes that money could procure. Over her shoulder I watched Emma on the coffee table open the towel of one of the guys next to her. She giggled and patted the towel back down over the desperate man's cock.

It seemed as though the patrons were all waiting for the night's activities to start but I couldn't bring up the courage to ask what the night was to bring. Part of me didn't want to know, but I noticed one of the guys walk over to the big bloke behind the bar and ask him something. The big fella just shrugged and looked over to Olivia who was checking her phone. I was beginning to think that maybe Lisa and Sharon were going to be tonight's entertainment, not the other ladies in the bar. 

In a perfect piece of synergy, just as Olivia smiled a small light flashed in the corner of the room and Joe the bar man looked down at a screen that was tucked below the counter. With a nod Olivia took off down the stairs. My heart began beating rapidly as I stood waiting to see what the two were up to. 

When they walked in all heads spun towards them and the crowd of men burst into applause. Sharon waved at everyone before glancing ever so quickly at me. I'm sure I detected a slight nod and a raising of eyebrows. Lisa was an incredible looking lady. She had short dark hair and was incredibly petite. Not stunningly gorgeous, but attractive. They were both wearing identical fake fur coats that reached down midway between their knees and their backsides. Sharon's hair was darker and curlier than normal and her make-up had been applied to perfection. Her lips were bright red and puffed as no doubt were the lips of her pussy. Olivia brought them out a glass of champagne each, took their handbags off them, and soon enough the room reverted back to how it had been moments earlier.

The only difference now was that the men who had been in the other room were now in the main bar area. Lisa grabbed one of the guys and with wine in hand took a quick walk around the club chatting to the admiring hoard of men. Sharon sashayed over to three guys sitting on stools against the wall and began chatting. One of the guys, a younger lad who looked like a surfer, was having difficulty hiding the erection that was tenting his towel. I had a perfect view of the four of them so I just grabbed another beer off the bar and watched the action unfold.

I could see that Sharon was having a hard time keeping her eyes off the rising mound in surfies lap and sure enough she soon handed him her glass and peeled back his towel. His cock sprung up and Sharon wrapped her hand around its thickness. It was a reasonably large cock and as she stroked its length it grew even larger. She had become mesmerised by this cock and I could tell that her half opened mouth would soon be filled with it. 

She smiled up at surfie and leant forward and sucked his cock into her mouth. Rather comically surfie threw his head back and the crown of his head made contact with the corner of a picture frame. To ensure that this didn't happen again he slid forward in his seat forcing Sharon to move backwards as she tried not to break contact with his massive manhood.

With her usual charm and elegance Sharon shuffled a bit backwards and in a scene reminiscent from a few nights earlier, she looked up at him causing a bridge of precum and saliva to hang from her mouth to his cock. She slid her hand up and down his greasy pole as she flicked her tongue daintily over his knob. Even I could tell that this young guy was finding it hard to resist the talented tongue of my slutty wife. Sharon knew it also and rather than teasing him by stopping, she returned to giving him an awesome blowjob. 

A group of men that had been chatting to Emma soon noticed that Sharon had begun proceedings and sauntered over to have a look. Lisa came out of the main bedroom with two guys and was about to head upstairs to the group room when she noticed that everyone was beginning to gather around Sharon. Lisa stepped through the crowd of men and knelt in behind Sharon. My cock began to swell as Lisa wrapped her arms around Sharon and grabbed Surfies's bulging cock. Lisa motioned to him to stand up and he obediently did so. Then Lisa did something totally unexpected.

She moved her hands up to Sharon's mouth and held her mouth open like she was a dentist examining her for decay. Sharon compliantly held her head back and Surfie began pumping his cock for all that it was worth. Lisa began licking up and down the side of Sharon's face as Surfie aimed his cock towards Sharon's gaping mouth. 

The crowd began to urge him on and suddenly he held his head back and sent forth a cascade of cum out of his mammoth member. It forced Sharon to push back into Lisa who was now licking at the errant sprays which were trickling down the left side of Sharon's face. 

"Fuck!!" yelled Surfie as he fell back onto the chair holding his cock in his hand. 

Lisa let go of Sharon who then turned around towards her. This time Sharon held Lisa's head back and they began to kiss and swap the cum that had been deposited, but not swallowed, into my dirty wife. 

"Our new girl is certainly making a fine start," said a bloke standing next to me.

"New girl?" I had to ask. He looked at me as if I was an intruder.

"Didn't you read the email they sent out to us clean guys?"

"I just skim read it," I said thinking on my feet, "I usually come here during the week, never on weekends."
