 She walks into the room followed closely by you, and stops short when she sees me standing there. I'm not sure what surprised her more; the fact that I was waiting in your bedroom, or that I am wearing your white button down shirt, red stiletto heels, and nothing else. She's obviously shocked and looks back at you expecting the worst. Instead of seeing a panicked look on your face she sees a smile, which confuses her even more.

I step forward and grab her by the hand, leading her closer to the bed. I push her hair back from her face and take a good look at her. She is as beautiful as you said, her soft eyes almost glowing in her curiosity and excitement. I'm a little uncertain how to start as this is the first time I've been with a woman. I know from you it's her first time too so I can't rely on her to make the first move. I kiss her lips and close my eyes, letting my instincts take over. Her greedy tongue pushes my lips open and explores my mouth as I start to breathe faster. My eyes flutter open slightly and I glance at you. You are standing off to the side, your eyes hot and your cock hardening as you watch your two girls making out in front of you. 

Knowing that you are watching us causes that familiar tightening in my belly. I moan as she kisses my neck, suddenly so aroused that all my inhibitions die. I turn her around to face you, and begin to undress her from behind. I run my hands under her top and pull it off over her head. Gently I trail my fingers down her side as I nibble on her shoulder, which makes her shiver in anticipation. I reach my hands around to the front of her pants, and with one quick movement I unhook them. They drop to the floor, so that she is standing there in the red bra and thong set you picked out for her. I quickly unfasten her bra. I snap the back of her thong making her jump. Liking her reaction, I pull it tight against her asshole and listen to her hiss of pleasure. 

I move around to her front and look at her breasts. They are gorgeous and I can't help but lick them. My hand is still on her thong as I suck on her nipple and I pull up and down on the back of her panties, working them further into her. She cries out in pleasure and her head falls back as she starts to lose her balance. I steady her and then look over my shoulder at you. I whisper something in her ear, and then we both look back at you grinning. Simultaneously we turn and approach you, our eyes sparkling with mischief.

She kisses you as she takes off your shirt, running her hands all over your chest and arms, licking your neck and biting where she wants. I crouch down and you can feel me undoing your pants, taking them and your underwear off in one quick movement. You barely stepped out of them when you feel my warm, wet mouth on your cock. I hear you moan, but it's muffled because you are sucking on her tit. She cries out when I push her soaking wet thong out of the way and plunge two fingers on my left hand into her creaming pussy. I finger fuck her as I suck on you, my head bobbing up and down on your cock, taking it as deep as I can in my throat until I gag. It's not enough for you, so you grab me by the hair and shove my face down even more, so that tears are running down my face. I've got your entire length in my mouth and throat and loving the way that feels. I'm so intent on sucking on you I almost forget about her, until I feel her pussy tightening around my fingers. You recognize her sounds that she's about to come, and you pull out of my mouth and grab my hand from her puss. You shove my fingers into my own mouth and make me lick her juices. They taste good and you can tell I want more as I eye her crotch. I start to move my head towards her but you stop me and pull us both to the bed.

From the dresser you pull two butt plugs and a bottle of lube. Both of us look surprised as you hand us each a plug. I recover first and make the first move, grabbing the lube and rubbing it all over the plug. Then I roughly flip her over on her belly and lightly rub the tip against her asshole. She sighs and moves her hips into a better position as I wiggle the plug in deeper. I'm pushing it in and out, working the lube up her ass as she moans. Finally I get the whole thing in and spank her ass to let her know she needs to make sure it stays in.

She then flips me over and squeezes the lube right on my asshole. It's cold and the shock of it makes me tighten up. She shoves the plug in my ass roughly and I cry out in pain. One more shove and it's in all the way. Tears are in my eyes and my ass is throbbing from the pain, which strangely feels good. I hate the bitch. Then she kisses my pussy to let me know I took it well. I hate her less.

She slides her head between my legs so she can lick me. Her tongue works its way up to my clit and presses there. I gasp. My muscles tighten which causes the plug in my ass to throb more. Then I feel her moan into my puss as you slide into hers. Her tongue frantically licks me as you fuck her. I sit upright and straddle her face as she eats me, squeezing the plug even tighter. I look behind me to watch you pump into her, her plug making her dripping pussy so tight it takes all your control not to come yet. My watching you almost makes you lose control so you grab my hair and yank my head back. Her wicked tongue is so skilled and the plug feels so good that I start to scream. I go higher and higher until I am at the edge. My constant screaming is too much for her and she screams into my pussy as her orgasm comes out of nowhere. That pushes me over the edge so that I come in her mouth as you thrust into her, all of us coming together.

I fall onto my back exhausted next to her, panting hard and feeling my muscles contract around the plug. I reach down to take it out, but you stop me. Confused, I look at you as you give me a wicked grin. You pull her up and have her straddle my face, finally giving me what I wanted. I reach up with my tongue and taste her. She tastes good, a mixture of her juices and yours, which turns me on. I lap at her pussy not caring about her pleasure, only intent on licking her clean. I feel your fingers enter me, dripping with lube. It feels good and I sigh as I eat her. You keep applying lube and then I feel three fingers inside me. Then four. It's tight against the plug but I don't mind. You are up to your knuckles and I vaguely realize I've never been this full before. I feel your thumb at my opening and then you push further in, until your entire hand is inside my pussy. Pain and pleasure mix as you begin to pump me with your hand, my back arching. I'm eating your cum from your girlfriend as you fist me, which causes me to come harder than I ever have before. The orgasm rips through me, blinding me as I scream at the top of my lungs. My pussy contracts around your wrist as the last of her juices and your cum flood my mouth and run down my lips. She falls on the bed next to me smiling. You pull your hand out of me as I lay there quivering from the intensity of the orgasm. You lie next to her and pull her into your arms. Once I recover I roll over on my stomach. I look at your girlfriend and smile at her. "It was very nice to meet you."