 Thanks to Lady Cibelle for her editing.

Sharon was beginning to think her friend wasn't going to meet her. She had been sitting at the bar for over an hour, having gotten there more than 30 minutes early. While she was waiting, she had a couple of drinks and had been flirting a little with some of the guys in the bar. Not really flirting so much as striking a pose now and then to make sure they could get a peek of a nipple here and her ass there.

Because Sharon's friend was much more conservative than she was, Sharon sometimes liked to shock her with how she dressed when they would meet. Tonight she had worn a sheer white sleeveless blouse, a short black skirt and black stiletto heels with no bra, no panties and no stockings. Dressed like she was, it hadn't taken much effort to let several guys get a good look at the breasts that were usually restrained by a C cup bra. And when she would leave her barstool to go to the bathroom, Sharon slid off the seat just right so it would hike her skirt up to expose her bare ass. One time she thought it might have even slid up enough in the front that someone might have got a look at the landing strip of pubic hair she left above her otherwise shaved pussy.

Normally Sharon wouldn't have been so much of an exhibitionist but she knew there was safety in numbers and her friend would be there soon.

But, as time went on she started to doubt her friend was going to be meeting her tonight. Sharon decided to have one more drink and if she wasn't there by the time she finished it, she'd go home.

Once the drink was gone Sharon paid her tab and slid off her barstool, being more careful about flashing anyone now, and headed for the bathroom. After taking a piss and washing her hands she looked at herself in the mirror and said, "You do look hot tonight." As Sharon walked through the bar she noticed several guys standing by the front door talking. As she got to them, they moved to the door and opened it. A couple of the guys walked out in front of her but the other three motioned for her to go on ahead of them as they said something about "ladies first."

As they walked out into the parking lot the guys were continuing to talk and started to try and bring Sharon into the conversation. They were all laughing and moving as a group through the parking lot. Sharon wasn't really paying attention to where they were going as she was enjoying their silly attempts at trying to get her to go with them to some other bar. After having told them no several times she decided it was time to break away from them and let them go on and have their fun. When she looked up she realized they were at the back of the parking lot and she was parked all the way back up by the door. As she told them it sounded like fun but couldn't go with them the five men tightened up their group and were now standing closely around Sharon.

One of the guys reached towards Sharon as he was saying, "I thought I saw your ass tonight. Do you have a thong on or no panties at all?" He reached out and put his hand on Sharon's ass and pulled her skirt up to expose her ass. Sharon looked at him hoping to shame him into taking his hand off her ass but he showed no signs of moving it. In fact he was busy looking at her ass so he didn't even notice she was looking at him. Another guy said, "If she has a thong on, you might not be able to tell from the back, the way to tell is from the front." And with that he took hold the front of her skirt and pulled it up revealing her naked pussy.

Sharon tried to move away and at the same time told them they needed to stop. Rather than stop, another guy leaned in and said, "I've wanted to feel these since I first saw you," as he reached into her blouse and cupped her breast in his hand. Sharon told them if they didn't stop she was going to scream. The man with his hand on her breast told her she wasn't going to scream, that she had wanted this as much as they had. He added, "Why else would you have been flashing us ever since you got here?"

The men, still standing closely around her and now with their hands roaming all over her body, started to move towards a car in the very back of the parking lot. Sharon's sexual fantasy was to be taken by several men at the same time but now that it looked like it might well happen she was not comfortable with the lack of control she had over the situation. So, as the group grope approached the last car she said, "OK, OK, but I don't want to do this in the parking lot. Get us a motel room and we'll have some fun." The guys talked about where the nearest motel was and they all got in the car.

Sharon was lying across the laps of the 3 guys in the back seat as they drove to the nearest motel. The man in the middle had one hand on a breast and another playing in the small patch of hair between her legs. The guy down by her legs was stroking her thigh with one hand and fingering her pussy with the other while the other guy was playing with a breast and having her suck on his fingers "Like you're going to suck my dick later." All the stimulation to her body was getting Sharon horny. She couldn't wait to get started satisfying these guys or, more importantly, having them satisfy her!

As they pulled up in front of a cheap motel the guys started arguing about who was going to pay for the room. Sharon told them whoever paid for the room was going to be the first one to fuck her. The guy riding shotgun opened the door and jumped out before anyone else could make a move. A few minutes later he came back with a key and told the driver to drive around to the back of the building. Sharon was glad they were finally there, the guy fingering her pussy was doing a pretty good job and she thought he might give her the first orgasm if it had taken much longer.

When they got out of the car and walked to the room Sharon's skirt was rolled up around her waist and her blouse was un-tucked and completely unbuttoned. She made no attempt to cover up; modesty seemed misplaced at this point. As she walked into the room, the guys were already getting it prepared, they turned on all the lights, took the covers off the queen size bed and opened the drapes on the window. Sharon said she didn't want the drapes open but no one seemed to pay any attention to her. She was beginning to think these guys had done this sort of thing before. She expected they would be a little shy when it actually came time to do something but they looked like a well practiced team as they got the room ready.

The guy that paid for the room was about 6 feet tall and was in pretty good shape, maybe a little bit of a beer belly but not much of one. He sat down on the bed and pulled his boots off, then stood and started undressing. He looked at Sharon and told her to get ready.

She looked at him and then at the open drapes and said she wasn't going to do this with the drapes open.

"Why not, you didn't seem to mind showing us what you got?"

"Look guys, I'm up for giving you all you want, and if someone walks by and sees us, it's no big deal either. I just don't want anyone else joining our party. If someone looks in and then wants to join, I'm not willing to do that," she answered. 

The guys agreed she wouldn't have to take any more than the 5 guys that were already there so, she pulled off her blouse and unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Sitting on the side of the bed she took off her shoes as her first man pulled off his boxers. He was already sporting the start of a hard on and she saw it was a nice size. It was probably a little larger than any dick she had before but it wasn't one of those monster things you read about in magazines or see in videos.

As she was admiring his manhood he stepped towards her and guided his semi-hard dick to her lips and said, "Suck on it until it's good and hard, then I want that first fuck you promised me." 

She took his dick into her mouth and started slowly sucking on it, letting it slide in and out. When the head was at her lips she reached out with her tongue and licked the end of it and then moved her tongue down and flicked it across the bottom where the foreskin was still attached from the circumcision. Every time she licked there his dick would jump a little and get a little harder. A hand playing with his balls and a few quick short strokes so just his head would slide in and out of her lips and his soldier was at full attention.

He moaned on the last couple of strokes and then put his hand on her head and pushed her away until she fell back on to the bed. She started to crawl towards the top of the bed but he stopped her and told her to lie across the bed. She looked at him with a puzzled look but did as he said. He told her she'd understand in a little bit as he spread her legs apart and got on his knees between them. With Sharon's saliva still on his dick and her pussy still wet from the finger fucking she was getting in the car, there was enough lubrication that once his dick parted her pussy lips she was able to take him all the way in without much pain. She had taken dicks that were almost as big around as him before, but her pussy always seemed to remain tight. Sharon liked it that way. And so did all the guys she'd been with. She drew in a deep breath as he slid all the way in, his dick expanding back to its normal size once it had squeezed through her tight hole.

The sensation was one she had never felt before and it quickly brought Sharon back to the level where she was before getting out of the car. After a few slow strokes in and out the man on top of her picked up the pace. He moved his hands to her arms and held them over her head against the bed as he fucked her harder and faster, her tits bouncing with every stroke. Normally Sharon would last until well after most men would come but she was already so stimulated she could tell her first orgasm wasn't far away. 

As she felt the heat growing in her womb, she arched her back and got in a perfect rhythm with this perfect stranger. She had a few one night stands in her life but this was the first time she had ever fucked a man when she didn't even know his name. As she neared the edge of the cliff that meant orgasm she gasped for air and moaned as both of their bodies threw themselves together. When she felt her orgasm start, she clamped her eyes shut, let her head hang off the edge of the bed and opened her mouth wide, taking a deep breath. She groaned once or twice and then felt something invade her mouth. She opened her eyes to see a pair of balls hanging in front of her face.

Her body was trying to work through her orgasm and she couldn't really control what it was doing, including her tongue and mouth that had another dick to attend to. The muscles of her pussy were contracting with the orgasm and tightening around the man inside her. The extra pressure didn't slow him down any but soon had him shooting cum deep into her. The man standing at her head with his rod in her mouth was rocking back and forth, fucking her face. 

As she felt the cum land against her cervix she gasped for more air but got something else, the timing had been just right that when she opened wide to get a breath the dick slid past her tongue and down her throat. Her gag reflex kicked in and her throat spasmed around the hard meat. "Breathe through your nose, Breathe through your nose," someone was saying.

Sharon was finally able to get a breath through her nose but her throat was still massaging the dick lodged there with its spasms. She wanted to move to free herself so she could get a good breath but the man on top of her was still holding her arms even though she could feel his dick going soft inside of her. When it slid out he lay on top of her, still holding her arms and started sucking on her nipples. 

The man at her head was getting the blowjob of his life. He had never been deep throated before and once he was down her throat; it was all he could do to keep from cumming right away. Sharon was trying to move her head which just caused him to be that much more stimulated. He lasted as long as he could and finally his jism shot down her throat.

Sharon felt the warm cum run down her throat as the dick in her mouth jerked. Now she knew why they wanted her to lay across the bed, so her head could hang over the edge which opened up her throat as far as it would go. Once her mouth and throat were clear again she was able to catch her breath. 

As one man pulled out of her mouth, the other released her arms and rolled off of her. The best looking man of the bunch got on the bed beside her and played with her nipples as he told her he was fucking her next; only he told her he wanted her to be on top. 

Looking forward to have this gorgeous man between her legs, she rolled over on top of him and then got up on her knees over his hard penis. She stroked it once or twice, this one wasn't as big as the last guy, and then guided it to her pussy lips. She was full of cum and it slid in easily.

She was turned on by how cute this guy was so she really wanted to give the best fuck she could. When she had him inside of her, she rocked her hips slowly as she slid up and down his shaft. It felt so good when he reached up and took a breast in each of her hands. Sharon threw her head back to enjoy the ride. She happened to look at the window and saw two men standing outside watching her. One looked like an old homeless man, dirty and unshaven; the other was a man about her age carrying a bucket of ice. He must be in one of the rooms nearby on his way back from the ice machine. If he wasn't careful the ice was going to melt before he got it back to his room. She didn't think he was all that interested in the ice anymore anyway and smiled at him.

Sharon rocked and rolled on top of her Marlboro Man and worked the muscles of her pussy the best she knew how. She was quickly approaching another orgasm which surprised her. Normally the second one took quite a bit longer than the first. As she ground her hips into her man and took his shaft as deep into her as she could she realized she had started an orgasm before but for some reason it had never actually been complete. 

The sudden deep throat and gasping for air had stopped it before it was over and the tingling she was feeling all over her body was the first orgasm coming back. It roared into her loins and she bucked wildly on top of the second man to be inside her pussy tonight. This orgasm was stronger than any other she could ever remember. She pounded herself against her partner as hard and as fast as she could, her nipples got very hard and she could feel not only her face but her neck and chest flush. He was pinching her nipples now and that made her orgasm even more intense. She let out several screams as she felt her pussy clamp down on the dick inside of her.

Her strength was leaving her so she lowered herself on to the muscular chest below her. She continued to move and grind against him as he had not yet cum. She felt the bed move slightly and then felt hands on her ass. Fingers were run up and down the crack of her ass and all the way to her wet pussy. Her legs straddling the man below her had exposed her ass to anyone behind her. It didn't take long to figure out someone was using the cum that was oozing out of her as she fucked to lubricate her asshole. 

She tried to see who was back there but couldn't. Once her ass was wet and slick a finger pushed through her little hole. It came right back out, got some more jism and made its way back in again. After a couple more trips she felt the bed move again as someone climbed on top of her and placed the head of his dick at the entrance to her ass.

At the same time she tried to keep her pussy as tight as she could, she tried to relax her asshole so this new intruder could get in with as little pain as possible. Fortunately, from what she was feeling, the guy making his way in her ass had the smallest dick of any she had so far tonight. Once he was all the way in her ass the man on top laid on her back and began humping her like a high schooler. 

This must have been the skinny guy that looked kind of shy but Sharon had thought was kind of cute. It wasn't very pleasing at first but with humpy behind her she was moving around a lot more on top of the guy below her. Double penetration was another of her fantasies and she liked the way it felt to have two dicks moving in and out of her. She liked this a lot more than giving a blow job at the same time she was being fucked.

She was able to finally complete her first orgasm, but since there hadn't been any relief from the stimulation her second one was already building. She rose up on her elbows so she could use her stomach muscles more. It was a good thing the guy laying on her back didn't weigh much. She got into a rhythm with both men so that it felt like there was a rod stuck straight through her pussy and out her ass. She was just sliding back and forth on that rod as it slid in and out of her pussy and ass at the same pace. Once she found that rhythm it was only a few minutes before she had her second orgasm.

As she let out a scream and was fucking two men at the same time as hard and as fast as she could, someone turned her head to the side and slid another dick in her mouth. She hungrily took it into her mouth and sucked it and licked it for all she was worth. She wrapped her tongue around him and licked the length of if. She took the head into her mouth and then opened her lips and closed her teeth and raked them up and down his shaft as she licked the very tip. She was able to raise the one hand up nearest him and take his balls in her hand and play with them.

Sharon felt the beautiful man below her get a little bit harder; she knew it was a sign he was about to cum. She tried to speed up the pace of her hips just a little more. With the hand she didn't have balls in, she was able to get it to his chest and pinch his nipple. As soon as she pinched his nipple he let out a loud yell and he rammed his rod into her with all the strength he could muster. She felt his dick spasm and his sperm shooting into her. He thrust himself into her again and again until he was completely spent. Now she went back to concentrating on the dick in her mouth. No one had ever accused her of not knowing how to give a blowjob and she was going to make sure that was still the case after tonight.

After some more careful attention from her tongue she was getting her second helping of a man's cum tonight. Only this time she, actually, had to swallow rather than it bypassing her mouth altogether. Once he was taken care of she knew she only had one more guy to get off and she'd have taken care of all 5 of them. 

She tightened up her ass as tight as she could and basically changed it from a guy fucking her in the ass to her masturbating a guy with her ass. It only took a few seconds before he was shooting his load into her backside. Once he had finished she laid there between two men on the bed until they moved. She was exhausted, and very pleased with herself. As the three of them untangled on the bed she looked up and saw the old man was still at the window and now there were a couple of new faces. It looked like one of them was jacking off.

"That was fun guys" Sharon said as she slowly sat up on the edge of the bed.

"Oh, we're not quite through yet, but almost. Just once more for each of us, but you can do it all at the same time." They laid Sharon back down on the bed. The first guy to fuck her lay down beside her and then they all picked her up and laid her on top of him. With all the cum running out of her pussy and ass it was easy for him to get his big dick into her ass. The guy that had benefited from timing and got deep throated climbed on top and entered her pussy. The good looking guy that she had been on top of just a few moments ago put his soft dick to her lips and she took it in. The other two guys, one who had just gotten a blow job and one who had just came in her ass took her hands and brought them to their soft members. Sharon took them and knew what she had to do.
