 It took me years to accept the fact I was gay. I had been attracted to males in high school but never allowed myself to believe I could really be gay. I had been a star pitcher on my high school baseball team. A jock couldn't be gay. I had a very stereotypical view on what a gay man was: flamboyant, non-athletic, very feminine physique. I'm 6'0, with buzzed brown hair, muscular and almost six pack abs. I continued to play baseball in college which allowed me to maintain my muscular physique. My freshman year of college I resided with a fellow jock, Adam. Adam was 5'10 with sandy blond hair and blue eyes. His build was similar to mine but his abdomen was more muscular. Woman adored him and seemed to fall at his feet. I was jacking off at the computer to a girl blowing a guy. I always watched straight porn and suppressed my attraction to the male organ.

I just had gotten my cock rock hard when suddenly Adam came in the room. He had gotten out of class early, "Whoa. So this is what you do when I'm at class?" I was embarrassed sitting there completely nude with my hand around my dick. 

"Adam! Damn it, man leave for 5 minutes," I pleaded.

He seemed to ignore my plea, "Whatcha watching?" "Oh, I hope he cums all over her tits." He seemed to be obliviously to my nudity.

"I love when girls suck my dick," he said as he began rubbing himself through his jeans. I could see him begin to grow hard. He unzipped his jeans and let his hard cock spring free. I tried to act like I was watching the porno as I saw him stroking himself out of the corner of my eye. He had one had cupped on his balls and he was jerking off with his other hand. I spurted cum all over the towel I had nearby but he shot his load all over my chest and body. 

"Looks like you need a shower," he laughed as he wiped the remaining cum from his dick and zipped himself back up.

"Yeah," I said in astonishment of what had just occurred. I immediately went and took a hot shower. I liked the feel of his warm cum on me and didn't even want to wash it off. As I showered I replayed the image of himself getting off in my head. My cock had grown hard again. I slipped my finger in my asshole as far as I could reach while my other hand was on my shaft. Images raced through my head. What did it feel like to suck a cock? What did it feel like to be fucked? For a moment I allowed myself to imagine Adam's 7 inch hard cock inside my ass ramming me hard. My cum squirted everywhere and seemed to never end. I couldn't bear to face him. I couldn't be gay. I decided to go to the gym to clear my head.

I returned to the apartment late in the evening. Adam lay asleep completely nude with a dark hair Italian girl naked in his bed. I snuck in quietly to ensure I didn't wake anyone. I opened up my computer and found a gay porn site. I had never watched gay porn before outside of what I had seen on HBO, close enough to porn I suppose. The sound of sex blasted from my speakers and I fumbled to find the volume controls. It was too late, I had woke them.

"Kris? Are you jacking off again," Adam said half asleep. "You need a girlfriend, man." He was so tired he hadn't seen what was on my screen.

"I think you mean boyfriend," the unknown girl from his bed spoke.

"Huh," Adam said sitting up suddenly. "You like guys? You're a queer?"

I was mortified and my cock had gotten hard in my sweatpants. "I, uh, no, um," I fumbled to even find a response.

"I think two guys are hot," she said. "The more cocks, the better," she began kiss on Adam. Adam instantly turned his attention back to her, fondling her tits. I felt a huge sigh of relief go through my body.

"Come join us," she offered. I couldn't move. I felt like I was frozen.

"I've never, uh, done anything like that," I said very embarrassed.

"I will show you," she said with confidence. Adam didn't seem to offer any opinion one way or another. I guess it wasn't an act of homosexuality if a female was there. I removed my clothes and went over to the bed.

"Do you want to suck him off," she asked as she began to lick Adam's balls. She worked her way up his shaft to his head with her tongue while making small jerking motions at the base of his dick. She paused for a moment, "Just do what I do. Suck on his head and flick your tongue right here," she said rubbing her thumb against the underside of his head by his slit. "I'll take care of the rest," she promised. 

I followed her instructions as she worked his balls and shaft. He groaned with pleasure. "Suck it! Oh, suck me faster! Harder! Oh," Adam moaned. I was surprised at the abundance of cum that came from him. I almost choked as I struggle to breath from my nose and keep his cum from escaping from my mouth. I loved the warmth, texture, and taste of him. I rose up on my knees with a raging hard boner.

"You need to return the favor," she said to Adam as she spit into the palm of his hand and placed it on my dick. She ran her tongue around me and took my balls into her mouth. He began to stroke me without hesitation. 

Precum began to drip from my head, "I'm gonna cum. I'm almost there." I shot my cum all over his chest.

She licked the cum from my head and cleaned his chest with her tongue bring my cum into Adam's mouth with her lips, "I want you to fuck him."

Adam seemed startled at her response and was ready to object when she cut him off, "It's no different than all the times you've been in my ass. Let him ride you as you eat my pussy." He couldn't seem to tell her no.

I asked her if it hurt and told me it did but it was worth the pleasure you feel in the end. She told me I didn't have to take him all in and should just go slow since I wasn't used to anal sex. I had never had anything larger than a finger in my asshole and his cock seemed like it would just tear into me. He put a condom on and used plenty of lubricant. He didn't force himself. He was careful with my virgin ass. I was tightly gripped around his cock and he moaned as I allowed him to slide in deeper. There was a great deal of pain but also something very pleasurable about it. The looser I became, the less I hurt. His cum dripped into my ass. He came inside of me and cum dripped out of me after he pulled out. I finished on his chest and he ate her pussy until she came. I returned to my own bed as all of us were exhausted. 

College became an exciting time full of opportunity and exploration. Though we no longer have contact, Adam will forever be in the back of my mind.