 By the time I had come out of the shower at my husband's studio, the two other guys had left to go back to their hotel.

My husband and I chatted about what had just taken place.

"You were terrific," he said. "They were both buying the fact that you were a local model that was doing porn for the first time."

"Yea," I said. "It was pretty exciting for me as well." "Those porn guys really know how to fuck."

"I could tell you were enjoying the attention," he said. "Not to mention their cocks," he said with a smirk.

The next morning he and I were at the studio by 9 and his hair and make-up guy arrived by 9:30. He did the entire package as he had done the day before. I was completely nude while Tommy did his work. It took about an hour to transform Sharon into Eva again.

When I was finished being made up I went into the studio where my husband was setting up for the days shoot. "You like," I asked as I opened my robe to reveal my nude body?

"Very nice," he said, "but today may not be as much fun as yesterday. That was play, this is work."

"But you got some good shots yesterday, right," I said?

"Yea, quite a few," he said. "But today is the modeling part of the shoot."

About 12 the guys arrived at the studio. This time there were three of them, John and Nick from yesterday and another guy. His name was Peter. After introductions and instructions the guys went to the dressing room to shower and get ready for the days shoot.

"You really don't remember Peter, do you," my husband said. "He's the guy who can shoot massive loads, and can do it two or three times."

As he said that I did recall watching the DVD the agency had sent us of Peter's scenes. He had a pretty large cock, probably about the size of John's, longer and thicker than Nick's, but his talent was that when he came he shot massive amounts of cum onto or into his female co-star. Several of his scenes were of him shooting a massive load onto the face and tits of his partner. Not something I thought was exciting; in fact I thought it was a bit degrading to the woman.

A few minutes later the guys appeared from the dressing room, all three were wearing loose fitting robes and nothing else.

We all went into the studio to look at the set up. It was the same as yesterday's shoot, but Peter hadn't see if before so my husband showed us all the space. He told us how it is lit so that he can move around the bed and shoot from any angle.

We then discussed the shoot for the day. My husband told the guys that we had a couple of hours of shooting the close up and various shots that were needed before we could devote some time to "play."

"We'll do the cum shots later," my husband said. "Let's get to work."

"Ok, Eva, can you get on the bed please," he said? I moved to the bed and kneeled on the bed. The guys stood by and watched as I peeled off my robe and tossed it to Peter. He caught is and smiled in my direction.

"Ok guys, sorry no fluffer here, but Eva can do her best, I'm sure," my husband said.

So, at my husband's direction, each of the three guys took turns posing with me for the exact same shots for the next two hours. Each of them got on the bed, lay on their backs and had me stroke their cock, suck their cock until they were fully erect, and do a few more shots of me licking and sucking their balls while my hand stroked their shaft.

Peter was last to enjoy my oral efforts. His cock was thick but not too long before he got aroused. My licking, sucking and stroking make his cock full and hard. When hard he was larger than I thought. The head of his cock was bigger than the other guys, and that intrigued me. He was quite well hung.

I liked the way he responded to my touch and my sucking his cock. His cock responded somehow differently than the other guys. He whispered to me how good it felt while I was sucking and stroking his cock. He gently touched the back of my head and I took as much as I could of his cock into my mouth, pushing me gently further down that I thought I could go. His cock slipped easily further into my mouth and throat and throbbed excitedly.

His cock and his body responded to me in a way that connected with me. I knew that this man, who I had never met, and had fucked hundreds of women, would enjoy fucking me. I would be a cunt he would remember for a long time.

I pulled away from his cock and rolled off of him to be next to him. I kept a firm grasp on his beautiful cock. I looked over at Peter and smiled. "I have seen a lot of your videos," I said.

"Did you like what you saw," he asked.

"I did," I said, "But can I ask you a question?"

"I have been asked many questions in the past," Peter said. "I am sure I know what you want to know."

"My cock in 9 and a half inches long when erect."

"That isn't what I was going to ask," I said. "I'm holding your cock in my hand and I can certainly tell that it is pretty long and pretty firm, but I guess all you porn guys have steel hard cocks." What I am curious about is how you manage to cum so much," I said.

"Well, to tell you the truth, I am not quite sure myself. I've always cum a lot, so I am just making the most of my 'talent' while I can," he said.

I moved to a kneeling position between Peter's legs, my hand moved down from his cock to his balls. I cupped them in my hand and hefted his ball sac. His balls were the size of small eggs and didn't fell any larger than any other guys I had seen of been fucked by.

"It is an amazing thing to see you just cum and cum, spurt after spurt for what seems like the longest time," I said.

"Have you done many internal creampie scenes," I asked? 

"A few," Peter said. "Most of the women I work with don't like it when I cum in them, they say it is like having a fire hose jammed up their cunts."

"Now, can I ask you a question," Peter said looking me up and down as I kneeled between his legs nude and cupping his balls.

"Sure," I said. "I have nothing to hide here." I arched my back a bit so my tits stuck out more.

"What is the deal with you and your husband," he said.

"How do you know I have a husband," I said.

"The guys and I were chatting at the hotel last night and they told me that you had a pretty hot session yesterday, but that you had to finish so that your husband could pick you up," Peter said. "Does he know what you do when you are working," he asked.

"He thinks I am doing some modeling," I answered. "As for the fucking, he has no clue." "I am sure you have worked with other married women in the business, I hear there are several porn couples." "Does it make a difference?"

"No, not at all," Peter said. "How would he take it if he found out?"

"He'd probably kill me," I said. "But you aren't going to tell him, are you?"

I moved closer to Peter and leaned down so that my breasts brushed against his chest. I moved up a bit more and kissed him deeply. 

I reached back between my legs and pulled his cock to my swollen cunt lips. When I pulled away from the kiss, I said, "Bet the other girls never kiss you before the fuck you."

My hand guided his cock head along my slit moistening his big head with my lubricant. He groaned as he felt the heat and moistness of my cunt. As I guided his shaft, he lifted his hips so his cock head pushed open my tingling cunt lips.

"Oh, you cock is so hot Peter," I said. My hand pulled his cock back and forth along the slit of my pussy, the head of Peter's cock just inside me.

He moaned as I moved his cock along my cunt. "You are so hot and tight," he said.

Again I moved forward to kiss him passionately. When I pulled away I looked into his eyes and said, "You like fucking other guys wives and girlfriends don't you?"

He stared back at me and said, "I would love to have the pleasure of fucking you Eva."

His hips tensed as he lifted himself up so that more of his cock penetrated me. He moaned with pleasure as I lowered myself slowly onto his hot, thick cock.

I lowered myself to engulf the full length of his cock. When he was all the way in, I clenched my vagina muscles tightly around the base of his cock. Again he moaned as his cock filled my cunt. I put my hands on his chest and pushed myself down onto him. I could feel his balls against my cunt lips so I knew that the entire length of his cock was inside me.

"You like," I said?

"Tight, hot and yes, I like," he said.

I rolled off of Peter's thick cock and was lying next to him. He moved to a kneeling position between my legs. His cock was pointing straight out and I lifted my hips to give him access to my pussy. He reached out with his hand and stoked my cunt with his fingers. I am sure my lips were glistening with moisture.

He inserted one finger into me and ran it up and down the length of my slit. "You have a beautiful cunt Eva," he said. "So tight, smooth and hot."

"Fuck me, Peter, please fuck me with that beautiful cock of yours," I said. "Use me." 

I lifted my hips so that he could see my cunt completely. He slowly stroked my slit with the one finger then moved to my clit and he slowly stroked my rapidly swelling clit. I moved my hips in circles to encourage him and I reached down with one hand to caress his hand as he fingered my cunt and stroked my clit.

After a few minutes he pulled his finger from me and slowly re-inserted two fingers. I moaned as his fingers spread the lips of my cunt and he slowly penetrated the depth of my pussy. He slowly slid his fingers into and out of my moist, eager pussy. I gripped tightly at his fingers with my vaginal muscles to let him know how much I was enjoying his fingering me.

Peter pushed his fingers deeply into my cunt. I was moist and my lips were swollen with excitement. I looked into his eyes and saw he was excited by how I was responding to his attention. He slowly fucked me with his two fingers.

"Beautiful, just beautiful. This is the prettiest cunt I have ever seen," Peter said as he fingered me. "You really should come to California to work. Something this hot, tight and beautiful would be in demand." "You've got the whole package, face, body, natural firm tits, and a small tight smooth pussy."

Moments later Peter pulled his fingers from my cunt. 

I opened my eyes to see Peter moving closer his cock in his hand. I looked at his face, but he wasn't looking at me, he eyes were focused on my cunt. He moved forward quickly and pushed the head of his cock into me. His cock was hard and thick as it pushed my lips apart as he penetrated me. He was slow, but deliberate, pushing the full length of his prick into me. It filled me with its length and girth. He was very thick, and at first I didn't think I could accommodate his cock even in my aroused and moist state. He kept pushing himself into me until I felt his balls brushing against my swollen cunt lips. 

"So fucking tight," he said as he filled me with his cock.

"Oh yea, baby, fuck me," was all I could say.

Peter's hands moved under my ass to support me, I wrapped one leg around him and enjoyed the sensation of his cock stretching my pussy while filling me completely. "Oh yea baby, I am going to enjoy fucking you," Peter said smiling down at me.

He lowered my ass to the bed and grasped my legs and pushed them apart. I was laying there on the bed, my legs obscenely spread with Peter's cock buried in me all the way to his balls. I looked around and noticed that my husband wasn't anywhere around. The other two guys were watching intently, but he was gone.

Peter started slowly at first, but soon began pounding my cunt vigorously. He was a great fuck, deeply penetrating me with each thrust. I could hear his balls slapping against my pussy with each deep thrust. 

Peter's cock felt wonderful as it filled me, its head stretching my vagina with each thrust. He was like a machine, maintaining and incredible speed fucking me. I knew that the combination of the speed of his fucking coupled with the sensation of being completely filled with his cock would may me orgasm rapidly. Each thrust of his rock hard cock scraped the entire length of his prick against my swollen clit. My body tingled with excitement with each thrust. 

Peter fucked me hard for about 10 minutes. I was getting exhausted from the physical exertion of the fuck plus the pleasure I was experiencing. My excitement built with each passing moment. I was his to enjoy, I had no control as to how Peter fucked me, but I didn't care. The pleasure of his skill at fucking coupled with the excitement of knowing I was being watched by the other guys let me slip into pure sexual animalism. I was a cunt being fucked, my cunt the vehicle to stimulate this beautiful cock to the ultimate pleasure.

My excitement built and I knew I would orgasm before Peter was even close. His cock glided over my clit with each thrust until I couldn't take it anymore and felt the first wave of pleasure course through my body. It started at my clit and radiated out rapidly throughout my entire body. Every nerve was sensing the pleasure I was experiencing as my body convulsed with pleasure.

Peter never slowed his pace as my body spasmed around his prick. I was gasping for breath as he somehow increased the intensity of my orgasm by continuing to push his beautiful dick into my quaking cunt. 

I moaned loudly and clutched at his ass pushing him as deep into me as I could take while wave after wave of pleasure engulfed my body. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," was all I could scream as I came.

Peter never slowed his pace as I came and the intensity of the pleasure made me pass out for a few moments. 

I was roused by Peter's continued vigorous thrusting. I gripped tightly at his cock with my cunt muscles trying to let him know of the intense pleasure he was giving me.

He looked down into my eyes and smiled. He leaned down and kissed me deeply, his tongue probing deeply in my mouth. 

While he was kissing me I felt his cock twitch violently and I felt a massive load shoot deep into my cunt. The force of his ejaculation was so powerful that it felt like a punch to my stomach.

I pulled away from his kiss and realized that he was not going to pull out. Spasm after spasm shot his load deep into my tingling pussy. The heat of his jism and the force of his cum shots filled my cunt quickly. I grasped Peter's cock again with my cunt, but his volume was just too massive. 

With each twitch of his cock I could feel the huge amount of sperm he was pumping into me flowed out of me, around his huge cock shaft. He continued pumping a huge volume of sperm into me as I tried to pull away from him. I was so full that it was beginning to hurt. The weight of Peter's body and my exhaustion didn't allow me to move away, so he lay on me pumping his entire massive load deep into my cunt.

After what seemed like minutes, I felt Peter's cock twitch for the last time and he lifted his body up off of me. His cock was still about half way in me and as his cock slipped from my well-fucked cunt, I felt a rush as the massive load in my cunt gushed out of me and onto the bed.

Peter was kneeling between my legs watching his jism pour out of me. "Good fuck, babe," was all he said. He quickly got off the bed as I lay there my legs wide and this porn star's massive load oozing out of my swollen cunt.

I was exhausted from the fucking Peter had given me, and my insides hurt from being filled to overflowing by his jism. I lay on the bed panting for air.

A few moments later, when I looked around, I noticed the two other guys standing by the bed stroking their cocks. My husband was still nowhere to be seen.

After I composed myself for a few moments, I said to the guys, "let me go to the bathroom and clean up, I'll be right back."

I jumped off the bed and headed for the dressing rooms. I made it to the toilet in time so I didn't dribble jism all across the floor. As I sat there I could feel more and more of Peter's sperm flowing out of me while I pissed. I finished then washed my cunt and dried myself and inserted some lube into myself.

I then went to the office and found my husband sitting at his desk working on his computer. "What the fuck," I said. 

"Yea," he said, "What the fuck?"

"You leave me in there with the guys," I screamed? "I thought we were doing this so you could take photographs?"

"Yea, cunt, that is what you thought, right," he said. My husband had never called me a "cunt" before.

"You are in there fucking three total strangers and fucking them like I've never seen you perform before," he said. "Fucking is more important to you than anything else, isn't it," he said? "You might as well go back to California with the guys; you can make a great living by being a porn actress. Those guys will enjoy your cock sucking and fucking skills as much as these three."

"Fuck you," I screamed. "I am doing this because you wanted me to. What's the matter, can't suddenly take watching your wife fuck?" "I've fucked a lot of guys for you in the past and it didn't seem to bother you."

"Yes, I enjoy sex, you knew that when we got married and we have enjoyed the adventure we've had, and I am not planning of stopping," I said. "You can sit here in the office and play on your computer or you can come back to the studio and photograph your wife fucking these guys, your choice," I screamed.

"Listen bitch, don't threaten me," he said. "You go fuck them all for all I care."

With that I turned and rushed out of the office. I was close to tears, but I thought to myself, "Fuck him, I'll show these guys what a real woman can be like."

I went back to the studio, Peter was sitting on a chair near the bed, the other two guys, John and Nick, were both still nude waiting.

I walked back into the studio and walked over to Peter and pushed my tits into his chest as I kissed him deeply. He hand instinctively went to my ass and pulled my body tight to his. His cock was limp but I felt it twitch while I ground my pussy against his dick "You really are a great lover," I said as I pulled away. "Usually the guys I fuck don't make me cum."

I pulled away from Peter and walked over to Nick. Pushing myself against him like I had just done with Peter, I could feel that Nick's cock was already semi-rigid. I kissed him passionately as well and then pulled away. "Let's change these sheets before we continue."

I went to the closet and retrieved another set of sheets and handed them to the guys. They looked at each other as I walked back to stand next to Peter. Slowly they moved to the bed and quickly changed the sheets.

"Do you like to watch as much as you like to fuck," I said. I slowly reached out my hand to encircle his large but limp cock and slowly stroked it. 

"I guess you'll have to finish this yourself," I said as I released his cock a walked toward the bed.

"Ok, does someone want to go first, or do you want me to do you both," I said.

"Both," Peter said as he walked to the edge of the bed. "You can take them can't you Eva," he said.

I climbed back on the bed and signaled to John to join me. I had him lay on his back and I quickly moved to him and wrapped my hand around his cock. I moved to a position lying on my belly between his legs and pulled his cock to my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the ridge of his cock head as I gripped his cock shaft tightly in my hand and slowly started stroking his dick.

"Yea, baby, suck that cock," he said as I engulfed his prick with my mouth. Slowly I took as much of his cock as I could into my mouth. With my other hand I cupped his heavy balls as I eagerly sucked his beautiful dick.

I sucked him for a few moments when I felt a hand slowly stroke my ass and move to my cunt. I felt fingers open my pussy and insert themselves into my moist cunt. I realized that Nick had joined us on the bed and he was kneeling behind me.

I lifted my hips slightly as his fingers probed my cunt. He deeply penetrated me with two fingers and I could feel his thumb stroke over my asshole. Nick began fingering my slit. After a few moments I felt his fingers withdraw and I felt his hands on my hips as he drew me up to a kneeling position. I felt him move forward and felt the heat of his cock run over my backside. His cock slapped against my ass as he moved, it was rigid and hot.
