 Another "confession!" Let me fill you in. 

I'm Sharon, married, husband is a photographer and curator and I work as an elementary school teacher. 

We are quite open and adventurous in our sexual lives, but have to be very discrete because of my position. It would be quite difficult to explain if our indiscretions were ever made public.

My husband has been a photographer for a number of years and has done professional work for a number of years prior to him getting a curatorial position after he finished his PhD in art history. He had a thriving photography business for about 10 years.

A few of the women at work, especially one -- Marijean, was always asking me if my husband has me pose nude for him. 

I have been told that I have a great body, "nice tits" as one guy put it, and I have always enjoyed the reaction I get from men, from casual acquaintances, friends, neighbors, fathers of my students at parent-teacher conferences, etc. Marijean has large breasts and seems to enjoy turning the conversation to herself and her (sometimes I think imagined) sex life. If I hear one more time how big her husband's cock is, and how the fucked in their hot tub (or some other such place) so people could see I will scream. 

I admire people who are sexually adventurous, but my husband and I are discrete. Marijean keeps her sexual adventures, at least the ones she will talk about, to sex with her husband. We all have suspicions regarding the extent of Marijean's adventures.

In fact I have posed nude for my husband several times in the past, even before we were married. He is an excellent photographer, very creative, making lushly erotic images. 

He has had a couple of books published in Europe of his images, some of them being of me. Being discrete is somewhat of a problem because when I pose for him he often excludes my face for fear of someone recognizing me in the erotic images.

Often times, he has his stylist locate a wig for me to wear and make me up quite heavily and through digital magic changes the color of my eyes, etc. to keep me from being recognized. If someone does think they recognize me from the photographs, I can always say, look, I don't have green eyes, and it can't be me.

As I said, we have been sexually adventurous for a number of years, something we both find very exciting. My husband is a great lover, and he understands that I just need the release of sexual encounters to keep me from going crazy from my straight-laced teacher of first-grade children mode.

As I said, Marijean has it in her mind that every man wants her because of the size of her tits. Hers are large, but mine are almost as large. In fact, she once told me that her husband told her that he thought I had "great tits." I blushed when she told me that, and said something to the effect that I'd take it as a compliment since he obviously knows tits from being married to her.

When I first met Marijean, it was my first day of teaching at the school Marijean had been at for a year before I started. She was friendly and helpful, so we got to know each other quite quickly. 

When she heard that my husband was a photographer the first thing she asked me was, "Do you pose nude for him?" I explained that I had earlier, but they were mostly art studies where I wasn't able to be recognized, and I hadn't done any in the last couple of years (I lied). "Wouldn't want to have anything be a problem when it comes to my teaching career," I said, not knowing if Marijean might spill the beans.

Over the months she kept asking and asking if I had posed for my husband. She wanted to know the details. I told her that my job was now teaching first grade and not posing for art studies.

Several times, at various parties, etc. she would tell my husband that several photographers had asked her to pose nude when she was in college. She even ventured, after a drink or two that she had actually posed for one who asked her at a party.

"So, if you ever want me to pose for you, just let me know," Marijean said to my husband. 

He thanked her and said that she should come by the studio to see what kind of nudes he did. He'd be happy to show her some of his work. 

"I want to see the nudes of your wife," she said. "I'm sure you have tons of tit shots of her knockers." 

"You are welcome to stop by sometime and take a look at what I've done in the past," he said.

The next day at work Marijean said to me, "So, will your husband really show me the nudes he's done of you when I go to his studio?" 

"Perhaps," I said, "but we have an arrangement, he only shows the ones that he and I feel we can show to others. We have to be discrete so that we don't endanger our positions." 

"So the pictures of you sucking his dick are out, right," she said being crass. 

"Well, if there were anything like that, you probably wouldn't get to see them," I said, being very coy.

We made arrangements to visit my husband's studio the next day after school was out. "I've never been to a professional photography studio before," said Marijean. 

"It really isn't much more than a big space with lots of equipment," I told her.

When we arrived my husband met us at the door. He walked us around the studio space and the darkroom and the work space. When we got to the office my husband had several of his photographs on the wall. Marijean walked around looking at the photographs for several minutes. 

"Ok, where are the nudes," Marijean asked? My husband went to one of his files and got out a storage box filled with photographs. He brought them to a large table and opened the box and took out the stack of photographs. 

"These are some of the nudes," he said, "I hope these won't offend you." 

Marijean looked through the photographs somewhat quickly, she commented on a few she liked and though were quite sexy. I looked over her shoulder and did notice a couple of nudes that I had posed for. I was sure that Marijean wouldn't recognize me in the images, and I was right.

"Do you have others," Marijean asked. 

"Yes, I have several large bodies of work that I have shot over the years," my husband said. "Do you want to see more, do you have time? It is getting late and I don't want to keep you."

"Oh, I have time," Marijean said. She looked at another box or two and then said, "Have you ever done porn?" 

My husband looked at her and said, "No, I have never done porn, but I do have some images that are very erotic." 

"Can I see them," Marijean asked? 

He pulled down another couple of boxes and placed them in from of her, "I hope that these don't offend you," he said. "Is so, I apologize." 

She started looking through the images, some were of women with their legs spread showing their vaginas, some were of couples engaged in various sex acts, oral sex, sexual penetration, and shots of men coming on women's breasts, etc. She looked through all the boxes and when she was finished the said, "Whew, that was quite a turn on."

We chatted more and had a glass of wine. Marijean had all sorts of questions for my husband. Where do you find models? Are they usually couples, do you get turned on when photographing people having sex. She even asked him if he ever joined in.

My husband, always the charmer, said to Marijean, "No I don't join in. Why would I want to when I have a beautiful wife like Sharon?" 

Mairjean then asked, "Have you ever photographed her nude?" 

Without hesitation he said, "Yes, of course. She is beautiful and photographs well, why wouldn't I?" 

"Did I see any of those, Marijean asked? "Perhaps," was all my husband said.

I knew that in my husband's camera vault were several boxes of photographs he had taken of me that were more erotic than Marijean or anyone in my circle of professional friends could ever see. 

They were a little more than a year old, but represented a very erotic time in our lives.

As I said, it was a bit over a year back. My husband has been photographing me nude for a few years now, starting several months before we got married. Mostly tastefully erotic nudes, studies of light and shadow, but some that I would not want the people I work with to see. 

As usual when my husband photographs me, he has a professional stylist come to the studio to do my hair and make-up. Once I am made up and ready, my husband tells the stylist that he can go. We then go to the studio, he readies the set and his cameras and I relax a bit. We often have a glass of wine and discuss what we are going to shoot that session. 

I moved to the bed that was set up in the studio and dropped my robe. I was completely nude except for a pair of patent leather stilettos. 

I assumed a kneeling position on the bed as my husband started taking photographs. "That's good, push your chest out more and turn slightly to your left," he said. 

I loved being the center of attention for my husband. I loved the reaction my nude body had on him and I knew that when we were finished we would have a great love making session, alone in his studio.

He kept directing me as to how to best present my body to the camera. I cupped my breasts as he suggested. I pushed my arms together to push them together. Each movement was captured by my husband and his camera. I moved to a laying position and he circled the bed taking shot after shot of my body.

I moved my hands down from my breasts and over my belly to my pussy. 

He smiled as I started to caress myself slowly. "Great, babe, very hot," he said. After a few shots he said, "Imagine yourself being fucked by and invisible lover. Move as you would in response to his touch and fucking." 

I moved my hand to my vagina and slowly opened my cunt lips with my fingers. Every move was caught by the camera.

I continued to spread my legs to give my husband, and his camera, a clear view of my cunt. I was turned on by the idea of showing my pussy so blatantly. 

My mind was racing as I moved my hands over my body, clutching my breasts and spreading my cunt lips imagining my lover penetrating me deeply with his long, thick cock. My hips moved upward to meet his deep thrusts as I imagined myself being taken completely. 

"Imagine yourself with that black guy at work," my husband said not knowing that he was already on my mind. He cock was giving me a workout in the recesses of my mind.

I spread my legs wide and stroked my excited cunt with my fingers. I plunged one, then two fingers deep into my pussy imagining a huge cock filling me completely. All the while I could hear the click of my husband's camera recording every erotic movement. I drifted off imagining more and more the sensations of my imaginary lover filling me completely with his beautiful cock and soon I sensed my climax approaching. Moments later I plunged my fingers deep into my cunt and clasp tightly to my fingers as wave after way of pleasure overcame me. I pushed my fingers as deep as I could inside of me as I came. I slumped onto the bed and enjoyed the quivering excitement of the moment as the pleasure waves started to subside. 

"Beautiful, that was beautiful baby," I heard my husband say as I felt him move onto the bed with me. 

I lay on my back looking up at him as he knelt between my wide spread legs. I watched him pull off his shirt and un-buckle his belt. He slipped off his pants and I saw that his cock was rock hard, sticking straight out. He moved closer, put his hand on my belly and guided his cock into my cunt with one swift thrust. He filled me completely and I opened myself to him allowing deep penetration. He lay there on me, his cock filling me, and said, "This feels wonderful, but I'd really like to know who you were fantasizing about that made you climax so intensely." 

"Shut up and fuck me," was all I said.

We spent the next half hour making love in the empty studio. He brought me to an intense second climax before coming deep inside me. We lay there completely spent for a long time before we got up and took a shower before leaving for home.

My husband processed the images he had shot and told me they were very sexy and erotic and he'd like to send them to the European web-page he often posts to. He let me look at the images and I had to agree that they were quite erotic. I made some suggestions about additional cropping and eliminated one or two that I thought were too graphic and recognizable.

About four days after my husband sent the images to the web page he got an e-mail back inquiring about the images. He was told that they were some of the most popular that they had posted recently and their web traffic had increased enormously. 

Within another 24 hours he had received several e-mails inquiring about the purchase of prints of the images from several European collectors of erotica. He made several sales of a number of the prints.

About a week after my husband got the first e-mail from the web site, when I got home he said, "I got an interesting e-mail from Europe today." "They love the images and thought the model was beautiful, and they asked me if I have any images of her with one or more males having sex." 

I was flattered that they thought I was beautiful, but was unprepared for the questions of photographs of me having sex.

My husband and I are sexually adventurous and have had many "adventures" but nothing involving him photographing me with another man. "What do you think," he said, "Shall I tell them that I don't have anything like that?" 

"What do you think," I said? "It's not like you haven't seen me with other men." 

"I know, but this would be a whole other set of circumstances to deal with," he said. 

He had obviously given this some thought before bringing it up. "If you want me to pose for sex pictures, you know that I'll do it," I said. "I love you and trust you completely, but we will have to be even more discrete that we usually are."

My husband agreed that we would need to plan this very carefully. It is not like you can go to a local modeling agency and ask for a male model, or two, to pose for sex pictures, at least not in the town we live in. 

"We'll have to find folks from out of town, even if we are discrete if someone from your school even finds out that I am shooting stuff like that, let alone that you are posing for the images, you'd lose your teaching job and certification," my husband said.

"It would be exciting," I said. "It is always such a turn on the first time having sex with a new guy." 

"It probably won't be as much fun as you think," my husband said, "It is more like posing and less like sex."

"I'll do some checking," he said. "Are you sure you want to go through with this?" 

On the one hand I was excited to experience something like that, but I knew he was right. The details and discretion would be the key.

A few weeks later my husband had some details worked out, he had contacted a talent agency in California and they had sent along information relating to several of their male models that did porn films and shoots. We had to look through about two dozen folders sent by the agency. All had pictures, vital statistics and a DVD of some of the films the models had appeared in.

We spent the weekend watching guys with big dicks and limited acting skills narrowing the list. 

Some were eliminated because they were heavily tattooed. Europeans don't share American's fascination with tattooed, or in many cases overly tattooed, bodies. 

Some were eliminated because of the type of porn they choose to be in. I was amazed that there seems to be a genre of porn where the men physically and emotionally dominate the women to the point of brutality that came way to close to rape for my sensibilities. 

Don't get me wrong, I like it when a man takes charge and makes it exciting, but I draw the line at certain things. Humiliation isn't a turn on for me.

A few weeks later my husband had made arrangements for us to travel to California for a chance to meet, at the modeling agency, a few of the guys we had selected for a chance to see if we had any chemistry, either good or bad. The offices were very professional and we met several of the guys. My husband explained what he was looking for in the shoots to all of them. One would be a single male and female making love, and another session would be two males and one female all having sex at the same time. A few of the guys said that they weren't interested if there was any bi-sexuality involved. My husband told them all that it was up to them, but the plans were to have the sex straight. My husband never indicated to the models we were interviewing that I would be the female they would be working with. 

My husband said that when the time came for the shoot, he would have his make-up person find me a wig, or dye my hair, make me up completely so that no one would recognize me as the person they saw at the interview. Some of the guys asked who they would be working with. 

My husband was vague, only telling them that it was a new "girl" that hadn't had much exposure as yet. 

We chatted with all the candidates and I made mental notes of the few that I thought were attractive. My husband had them undress and took a few Polaroids to show to the girl for her to look over. We left with a list of five guys I thought I could work with. 

My husband teased me, "Why not just hire all five and have a gangbang?" 

"Are you feeling insecure that I found five porn stars that I'm attracted to," I asked? 

"Not at all, you've always been a size queen and every one of the five is at least twice as big as I am," he said. "I'm used to your predilections for big dicks."

About a week later my husband had me come to the studio to get made up to meet the three guys my husband had arranged to bring to town for my approval and to do the shoot. His normal make-up guy was there and my husband told him to make me up for a glamour shoot. He did the whole package, hair, make-up, and vaginal area grooming and body make-up. I spent the next two hours chatting with the guy who we had worked with for years and was very discrete and also very gay. I think I have spent more time with him nude that I have with a lot of the lovers I have had.

When I was finished, I looked in the mirror. The illusion was complete, I almost didn't recognize myself. My husband called me into the studio and everyone left as usual when we are shooting nudes.

We started shooting and about 10 minutes into the shoot the doorbell to the studio rang. My husband left to answer the door and I lay back on the set waiting for him to return. Laying there nude I was somewhat frustrated that our session was interrupted. I was getting quite turned on.

A few moments later my husband and two guys walked back into the studio. They were chatting and I propped myself up on my elbows and used my hands to cover my breasts as they approached.

They walked to the edge of the bed and my husband said, "Guys, this is Eva. The new girl I was telling you about. She is fairly new to the business." "Eva, this is John and Nick." 

My husband and I came up with Eva as my porn name, so I knew what he was talking about.

I stood up and shook their hands and we chatted for a few moments. Both John and Nick were porn stars with credited roles in several dozen, if not more, porn shoots. I felt a little awkward standing there nude chatting with three guys who were fully clothed.

"I was just shooting some spreads with Eva," my husband said to the guys. "We can continue that, or we can do something else since you guys are here." 

"Let's watch for awhile and see what happens," said Nick. "I see she has a killer body but I'd like to see how she moves in front of the camera."

I moved back to the bed and my husband picked up his camera again. I lie back on the bed and spread my legs. A rush of excitement coursed through my body as I exposed my vagina to these total strangers. True, they had seen hundreds of cunts in their work as porn stars, but I wanted to show them mine.
