 Ken and I awoke late the next morning because we had exhausted each other throughout the night. 

As I said, when my husband left to go back to his studio, Ken stayed behind and he and I had a couple more great sex sessions before we finally drifted off to sleep.

When I awoke Ken was lying behind me with his arms around me, his hands cupping my breasts. When I awoke, I realized that Ken was already awake. I rolled over and smiled at him, "Good morning," I said.

Ken moved in to kiss me and said, "Good morning."

"Listen Ken, I know last night was weird and I want to apologize for what happened," I said. "My husband and I had a huge fight yesterday and I was upset with him, so when I saw you I was only thinking payback. Also, I never thought he'd come to the house last night and catch us."

"If I thought anything like that was going to happen I wouldn't have gotten you involved. I am sorry and I really hope that it wasn't too weird an experience for you," I said.

"Well, before he showed up I was really enjoying spending time with you. I have fantasized about you since last summer, and I never thought we'd ever get any further than what we did then," he said.

"But then my fantasies were realized and I was totally turned on by the opportunity to continue what we started in Delaware. You are a terrific fuck, if I may use that word. I have never enjoyed it more. But then when your husband showed up, I figured I was in a lot of trouble. After you talked with him for a while and I realized that he had us over a barrel and we couldn't really say no without significant consequence, I was ok with it. Don't get me wrong, I have never had sex while someone was watching, but you seemed to be ok with it and, as I said you are a great fuck," Ken said.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," I said, "I was a bit surprised at the fantasy talk you used when we were fucking."

"It turns me on to think of you as an experienced fuck," Ken said.

"You and my husband it seems," I said. "He's had his fantasy fulfilled; do I need to let you watch when I fuck my husband?"

"Maybe," ken said. "Think he'd be interested in a threesome?"

"My, aren't you kinky," I said? "You are showing me a whole new side of yourself that I wouldn't ever have imagined.

"I've got fantasies too," he said, "just never thought I'd have the opportunity to fulfill any of them."

"Oh, do tell," I said teasingly.

"Maybe later, I have to leave soon, so I'd really like to fuck again," he said.

He rolled me over on my side facing away from him. He moved quickly to slide his now hard cock between my legs, rubbing enticingly over my cunt lips. His cock was hard and hot.

His arms circled me as I felt his cock press against my slit. Slowly his cock opened me and filled me completely. I moaned as his cock slid in and stretched me to accommodate the thickness of his shaft.

Ken lay behind me and fucked my pussy slowly. His hand cupped my tit and his thumb and finger tweaked my nipple as it hardened with excitement. His cock felt good in my cunt and I clamped my vaginal muscles tight around his shaft, tighter and tighter with each thrust.

I lay there and allowed Ken to use my pussy for his pleasure again. I cared for this man, and wanted him to enjoy all the pleasure of our physical relationship.

He fucked me slowly for several minutes filling me completely with each thrust until I felt the base of his cock against my cunt lips. I knew I was taking the entirety of his cock with each thrust. I was pleasing him and I knew he was enjoying being with me.

After a few minutes Ken's speed increased as did his breathing. I could tell he was getting closer and closer to his orgasm, so I continued milking his shaft with my cunt muscles. He moaned as I clenched tighter and tighter with each thrust.

Seconds later he pushed himself deep into me and screamed, "Oh fuck yea." I felt the first massive jet of his sperm fill my cunt. I relished in the warm wetness of the come he was shooting deep into my eager pussy. I felt his cock throb violently as he shot jet after jet deep inside me. "Oh, yea, oh, yea, you fucking hot cunt," was all he said.

After his orgasm subsided, he lay there for several more minutes with his cock deep inside me, until he lost his erection and his cock slipped out of my sloppy cunt. I could feel his come starting to ooze out of me and onto my leg.

"Again babe, a great fuck," Ken said, "but I gotta go. I'd like to see you again soon, but perhaps you need a day or so to talk with your husband."

"How are we going to get in touch," I asked, "I can't call you at home. Let me give you my cell number and you can call and we can talk."

I gave Ken my number. He went downstairs; to get his clothes and a few minutes later I heard his car drive out of my driveway. I wondered then if I would actually hear from him.

Most men that fuck me were purely recreational. I didn't really care if I heard from them again, or saw them again. True there were a couple of guys I saw more than once over the course of a relationship, but Ken was different. I wanted to see him again and experience his sexual skills as often as possible. I lay there in bed feeling jealous of Jane for the number of times she and Ken had sex.

The next day was the start of another school week, so I was up and out to get to school at my usual time. My husband didn't come home, so I assumed that he was staying at his studio and also off to work in the morning.

I called his cell but he didn't answer the first time I called.

During the lunch break I called him again. This time he answered. I made arrangements to meet him at the studio after school. I wasn't sure what was in store, but my husband seemed apologetic on the phone.

When I stopped by the studio my husband met me at the door. When I entered the studio space I noticed new prints lying on all the tables. "I have been making prints for two days," he said. "Some of our best work."

I walked over to take a look; they were the images of Peter, John, Nick and I during our shoot. They were very erotic and I was somehow turned on by the images of these three guys using me for their pleasure, with my obviously eager participation. As I looked through the prints, I recalled every sensation of the various sex acts depicted.

"Ok, so what are you going to do with them," I asked.

"The prints will go into the files, perhaps we'll let Marijean see these as well, the files will be processed and posted to that European website that asked about them," he said. "Since I have already paid the guys their fee, any payment will come to you as the model. Should be quite a chunk of change, I estimate somewhere in the vicinity of $125,000 to $175,000 over the next year or so. They often pass them along to other websites as well, so there is really no good way to estimate the final payments."

As I looked at the prints, I did notice that even though I was made up for the shoot, my face was easily recognizable. "You are going to crop these before sending them, right," I asked.

"Sure babe, sure. Just like always," he said. "No one will recognize you in any of the web postings."

I stood looking through the prints and getting more and more turned on by the recollection of the great, multi-partner sex I had performed for. I recalled the feeling of Peter shooting his massive load into me. I suddenly thought of all that my husband had done for me. Without his support, I could have never lived the life I am living. 

His discretion and support had allowed me to experience a number of things that I never thought I would be brave enough to experience, let alone enjoy to the fullest.

I felt my husband come up behind me and kiss my neck. "I am so sorry babe, for being jealous and walking out during the shoot," he said. "Can you ever forgive me?"

I don't know what it was, but something overcame me. I felt his hands cupping my breasts from behind. I felt my nipples harden to his familiar touch. I was turned on by the recollection of the shoot and he was touching me in a way that both turned me on and was familiar.

"Seeing these pictures, I guess you really didn't miss much," I said.

"I think I caught the eroticism of the experience, do you want to see the prints of just you, John and Nick," he said.

"Maybe later," I said.

I turned to him and started unbuttoning my blouse. I had come directly from school so I didn't have my sexiest bra or panties on, but I wanted to undress and show him my body. I dropped my blouse to the floor and grabbed him by his shirt and pulled him to the bedroom at the studio.

When we reached the bedroom I realized how much of a whore I had become. Here I was, ready to get fucked by my husband who had promised me more than $100,000 for the sexual images I had posed for recently. I had forgotten all about the gentle lover that I had gotten caught with a few days earlier.

"So, when do I get the money," I said to my husband as I kneeled in from of him and unzipped his pants.

"Oh, you are such a whore. I love it. Prim little school teacher by day Sharon wants to know when the money for the porn session she did is coming in. What about you out fucking your aerobics teacher's husband a couple days back," he said?

"He was kind and you know I had been fantasizing about him for months now," I said. "I was pissed at you for walking out on the shoot. Who knows what those guys could have done to me. I have participated in a lot of events where I count on you for protection. Remember the adult bookstore we went to a couple of years back? Without you around I would have been gangbanged by all those guys." "Then you act all jealous for my enjoying myself and get nasty and call me a cunt."

"Ken was someone I happened to run into after I left the studio. True I was only fucking him because you pissed me off, but he is a kind and gently lover who doesn't know of our life together. He thought he was continuing from what we started on our beach vacation," I said. "Though I was a bit worried that he might have known something because of a few things he said."

"Ok, ok, so you got fucked. You know I am not the jealous type," my husband said. "I think I played it pretty good when I caught you two, making it seem like I was forcing you to do it because it was my fantasy."

"So, are you going to blow me or not," he said.

I looked up at him and unzipped his pants and reached in to find his already hardening cock. I wrapped my hand around his shaft and squeezed it firmly. I reached up and un-hooked his belt and pants. Soon he was standing before me with his cock pointing straight out in my warm hand.

"Oh yea baby, you know what I like," he said.

I stroked him for a few moments and moved eagerly to engulf his cock with my mouth. I swirled my tongue along the ridge of his cockhead as I engulfed his prick. I slowly took him all the way into my mouth and caressed the full length with my lips as I pulled back slowly.

"Oh yea, Baby, suck that cock," my husband moaned. I felt his hand un-clasp my bra freeing my tits.

I continued sucking eagerly at his cock. My mind wandered to the money we would be receiving. We could spend it on a number of things, travel, new clothes, new cars, perhaps a bigger house. Then I realized that we owed more on the house we currently have than what we might get.

"Suck it, suck it, cunt," I heard my husband shout. Just then he grabbed the back of my head and pushed his cock as far into my mouth as it would go. 

Moments later I felt his cock throb and he started coming. He held my head tight and said, "Oh yea, swallow my load you fucking slut."

His cock throbbed with each jet of sperm that filled my mouth. Over and over again he shot more and more into my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could but there was just too much, his jism started oozing out of my mouth and down my chin. Kneeling there in front of my husband with his come running out of my mouth and down my chin dripping down onto my tits, I felt like such a slut.

I have always liked the feeling of being used by a man, but by being used for his pleasure I have always enjoyed the pleasure I was getting in return.

I always thought of myself as a modern woman, but the experiences I have had and shared with my husband have made me a keenly sexual being. I know women are supposed to be proper and demure, but I have learned to enjoy my sexuality. I enjoy the look on a man's face as he undresses me, or even more exciting is the look on a man's face when I undress for him, or he finds me already nude. My body has quite an effect on men. Before I met my husband and he convinced me of my sexual presence I was often embarrassed by the lustful stares I got on the street or on the beach.

I am also comfortable being a slut. I enjoy sex, the pleasure sex gives me, and the erotic stimulation of sex, foreplay through climax and I am not ashamed of my enjoyment.

I was nervous the first few times I had sex with a man other than my husband, feeling all those emotions that women feel. Will my husband be jealous, will he leave me, will I like the other man better than my husband, will I be in danger, will he hurt me, etc.

My husband assured me that I was a strong, capable woman that could handle any situation. Our experiences together at a swingers club, and an adult bookstore, strengthened my confidence.

When the opportunity came to be sexual, even without my husband, I took it and enjoyed the feeling of power I had.

Sex is a strong drug, once you have experiences the pleasure of excitement, the feeling of penetration, the feeling of the friction of a man fucking my cunt (or occasionally my ass), the sight of him looking with pleasure at all I am about to give, and the sight of pleasure on his face when he is pleasured, is impossible to break away from once experienced.

I remember the first time another man fucked me. It was at the swinger's club on about our third or fourth visit. Once I felt him penetrate me, and I realized that the world wasn't going to end, that the gates of hell wouldn't open and swallow me to a life of eternal damnation, the excitement took over and I enjoyed every sensation. I have been that way ever sense.

Now, here I was, kneeling before my husband, his balls emptied into my mouth after several days of interesting and unique sexual experiences. I truly was a slut, but the kind of slut that would make her own decisions as to what she would do, with who, where, and under what circumstances. I was using my body for my pleasure and the money that it would bring.

No apologies or excuses.

"Done," I asked.