 Jason quietly walked into the flat and was stunned at the scene before him of Sharon Grant, the teacher he had fucked at prom last year on her knees sucking someone's cock. He recognised the guy as one of the ones he had seen earlier in the evening with Katie at the club. Jason looked further around the room and saw Katie videoing Sharon and Ray and Paul, the other guy from the club with his cock out, playing with it to get ready to have a go with Sharon. Paul put his fingers to his lips to sign to Jason not to make a sound, and then signalled that he should strip and get ready for action. Soon Katie was the only person in the room who was still dressed.

Sharon was still sucking Ray for all she was worth. Paul went behind Sharon and lifted her body so that he could start fucking her. In a flash, he was in her soppy cunt that needed to be fucked. Sharon gasped at this new cock in her, but then smiled at the effect it was having on her cunt. She thought that it was Paul again, as she had Ray's cock in her mouth. Sharon was enjoying having the two cocks in her and although Paul was fucking her hard, she was busy sucking down Ray's cock. The ecstasy that she had been given earlier was still keeping her horny as hell and Sharon was loving this fucking.

As Paul and Ray were fucking Sharon, Jason said so to Katie, "What did you do to her, she was a slut last year?" 

Katie said, "just got her buzzing and a couple of cocks later you have the stuck up bitch behaving like a whore."

Jason laughed, "you must hate her, when do I get to fuck her again?"

Katie said "when Paul and Ray have cum, you take her next door to the bedroom and fuck her to your heart's content. I want her to wake up in bed with you, unlike at the prom" with a vicious smile.

Jason just laughed at this thought and looked back to Sharon being fucked. He could see Paul pounding her cunt and her hand around Ray's cock. Paul said "so am I better than your fiancé, slut?"

Sharon took her mouth away from Ray's cock, still playing with it and said "Don't talk about him, just fuck me."

Paul said "So are you loving this cock?" Pounding her cunt with his cock.

Sharon gasped "yes, this is better than I have imagined."

Paul pushed here "What better than your fiancé, he mustn't be that great." Still fucking away.

Sharon said "I've never fucked my fiancé."

Paul said "So apart from Ray and me, how many cocks have you had, cos your too slutty for a virgin?" playing with her tits while fucking her.

Sharon was feeling the effect of Paul's fucking and could just feel she was about to cum. Then Paul stopped and said "if you want me to go on, how many cocks?"

Sharon gulped at this and tried to pump back to Paul's cock, but he was too strong and stopped her, teasing her with his fingers around her cunt. Sharon knew she wanted Paul to keep on fucking her so she said "just one other guy." As she felt Paul plunge back into her cunt and she felt full again. Paul continued to pound her. Then Sharon squealed with delight as she came again, loving Paul's cock in her cunt. 

Paul said "You love this cock, you slut."

Sharon gasped "Yes, you really fill me."

Paul says "So why don't you fuck your fiancé then?" trying to push his domination over her.

Sharon said "Don't talk about him, just fuck me with your cock."

Paul tensed up and said "here is another load you slut." As he came in her cunt.

Sharon said "don't stop fucking me, keep on going."

Paul moved back on to the sofa and pulled Sharon on top of him. He then said, "You want to fuck me, get fucking."

Sharon started riding up and down his cock, not noticing Katie filming her and Jason getting ready for action. Then as Sharon was cuming from Paul's cock, Ray was standing, beside Sharon, wanking off and aiming at her head, at the same time as Sharon, he came. Spurting cum on her face and tits. Sharon crashed down on top of Paul.

Paul said, "What a slut." And then started to get up, with his cock still inside Sharon. He thought about fucking her against the wall. Sharon had swung her legs around Paul's waist and Paul found it very easy to pin her to the wall and drill her cunt. He was banging in and out of her cunt and she was trying harder and harder to get more of his cock inside her cunt.

Paul then stopped and said "Why don't you fuck your fiancé, you slut?"

Sharon said "don't talk about him, just keep on fucking me."

Paul said "No, you tell me or I will leave your cumdump and find someone else to fuck instead!"

Sharon pleaded "No I love your cock, keep on fucking me!!"

Paul knew he was on top so demanded "come on tell me!"

Sharon said "He doesn't believe in sex before marriage, now get fucking you bastard!!"

Paul stayed still and said "so what about when you fucked that other guy, did he not fuck you then you slut?"

Sharon pleading "No it took all my time to get back with him."

Paul said "so was this other guy any good then?"

Sharon remembered and said "yes I loved fucking him, he took me places I have never been, but the bastard took some photos and I lost my job and nearly my fiancé."

Paul said "You are a slut, you shouldn't get married because I know you will soon drop your knickers for other guys."

Sharon said "No I just need this until I get married, now less talk, more cock." Sharon thought that was a witty remark.

Paul decided to get back to fucking Sharon again and was banging her hard against the wall. Soon there was knock on the other side of the wall, where they were making too much noise. Paul just banged her once more and came in her for the third time that night.

Jason clapped at this and the noise of his clapping surprised Sharon. Sharon then looked and recognised Jason, she said "You bastard, you ruined me." Sharon was looking at Jason and could see his cock hard and ready to fuck her.

Jason said "you never said that at the prom, you loved it you slut." Grinning all the time as he approached Sharon. When he was in front of her he grabbed her hand and put it on his cock. Sharon slowly started moving up and down it, feeling it come alive. 

Jason said, "you know what you want."

Sharon was caught like a deer trapped in the light, pulling on his cock and trying to get closer to Jason. Jason then grabbed her head and pulled it towards his own and started to kiss her furiously. Sharon was now reacting to the aggressive way that Jason was behaving and pulling harder on his cock and pulling his head closer to hers. Jason prised open her mouth with his tongue and soon was piercing it, in and out like a sword dance.

Jason decided to take this away from the audience and took Sharon's hand off his cock and led her through to Katie's bedroom. 

In there, he pushed Sharon down on her knees and presented his cock for her to such. Sharon quickly opened her mouth and soon Sharon was sucking away. Jason decided that he would face fuck Sharon and put his hand behind her head, and started to fuck her mouth and soon Sharon was just about chocking. She was looking pleading up to Jason and he took his cock out of her mouth.

Sharon said "Let me suck you off." And Jason decided to let her.

After 10 minutes of Sharon sucking him off, Jason decided that he want to fuck her, so he took her head and said "Come on slut, get on the bed."

Sharon scrambled for the bed smiling saying "fuck me Jason, just like we did last summer. Fuck me hard." 

Jason needed no further encouragement and soon his cock was in Sharon's cunt. It felt a little strange because this was only the second time that he had fucked someone after they had fucked someone else. He could feel Ray's and Paul's cum on his cock as he was fucking Sharon, in and out of her cunt. He could hear the squelching noise of his cock moving and this excited him even more. 

Sharon had her legs around Jason pulling his cock further into her cunt and Jason was happy to be fucking her. In and out of her his cock went, until he could feel his cock tensing and then he felt the surge of cum leave him and go into Sharon's cunt. Sharon had another orgasm feeling the third cock to cum in her today. 

Sharon was sated and just laid on top of the bed, legs apart, with cum sliding out of her well fuck cunt.

Jason looked at his conquest for the night and knew he had more planned for her later.