 I flush every time I think of it. Even new, a couple of years after the experience I often think of the experience with a mixture of excitement and pride.

My husband and I have been married about four years now. He is a photographer and a curator and I teach first grade at a suburban school district. Our situation demands complete discretion for the life we lead. We have what some would describe as an "open" marriage. We have experimented with swinging in the past, but found that to be exciting at first, but because of our location and need to travel to experiment, also time consuming and we kept seeing the same people over and over.

We are very careful and discrete because we have to be. Can you imagine how hard it would be to explain to the board of education how one of the parents of one of my students happened to have fucked me, or watched me fuck a couple of guys, at the local swingers club? He wouldn't have to explain what he and his wife were doing there, but I'd lose my job and my professional certification.

We have both had "adventures," often together and sometimes on our own. I have a feeling the folks reading these "confessions" will be more interested in what I do that what my husband does. We made an agreement when we got married to be open and honest with each other when we have an exciting adventure. That is what we define as "open" in our marriage. It seems to work. We love each other very much, but understand that excitement helps keep a marriage fresh. He is very understanding of my needs and desires.

Don't get me wrong, he is a wonderful lover, kind, gentle, caring, and respectful. He is pretty well endowed and he knows how to get me off. Then there are times when I feel like being a tease, and he understands.

I hesitate to write this confession because, thinking about it in retrospect, I come off as a bit of a slut. I hope you won't lose respect for me when you read it.

The area we live in is on the East Coast where winters can be brutally cold. I am a girl who has been told I have a great figure and, though I dress conservatively at work, I have noticed a lot of the fathers at parent-teacher conferences spending more time looking at my cleavage than listing to my concerns over their child's school performance. I like the attention, but it is difficult not to think of what they are fantasizing about.

My boobs are the second largest of the women teachers at my school. Maryjean has larger tits and she shows them off every chance she gets. Her thinking is that every man wants her and she is the one everyone fantasizes and dreams about. She is also the one at work who will often turn the subject to sexual matters, either during our lunch break or while we are all chatting after work. She has informed upon numerous occasions as to how big her husband's cock is and how often, and in many cases how, when, and where – in graphic detail, they fuck.

Maryjean, for some reason, is always teasing me about the size of my tits. I think she may be a bit jealous of mine because mine are full and firm while hers have started to sag a bit. I say she may be a bit jealous because at one point she told me that her husband, Tony, told her that he thought I had, "great tits." 

I managed to blush when she said that, and told her that I'd thank him the next time I saw him. 

"Don't do that," she said, "he'd be embarrassed that I told you." 

"Why should he," one of the other teachers said, "he's right, Sharon's boobs are every man's dream." "We've all seen the attention she gets at parent-teacher nights, the father's can't take their eyes off her chest." 

I could tell that Maryjean was not happy that the conversation had turned away from her. From our past "adventures" I knew they were right.

So, I guess you get the idea, conservative at work, sexual adventurer away from prying eyes.

February can be especially brutal in western New York, so during school recesses we often try to get away to warmer climates. The year of this adventure hubby and I had plans to rent a beach house in the Bahamas. As soon as school ended we were up early for our flight out of the cold. I couldn't wait to get to the warm sun and take off most, if not all, of my clothes and enjoy the vacation.

The beach house was in a small compound for about 5 smaller houses. It was built along a golf course on one side and the beach out the back beyond the patio and pool. The beach was a wide stretch of pure white sand leading to the deep blue water of the ocean.

Once we arrived I made a beeline to the beach and saw that it was, for the most part un-occupied. After we settled in, we took our golf cart into the town to look around and buy some provisions for our stay. The town was small, but within about a mile or so of a high-rise resort hotel. We were told by the locals that the hotel was where things were happening.

I did notice a couple of women, obviously on vacation, wearing thong bathing suits. I had never thought my skimpy 2 piece would be considered large, I do manage to get a lot of stares when we go to the beach back home, but it looked positively huge compared to what these (older) women were wearing. 

I asked in one of the local shops if they had suits like that. 

"Sure m'am, all 'da ladies wear 'dem here," someone told me. 

I was told they were referred to by the local men as "dental floss."

Immediately I was on the hunt for a new suit that showed off Sharon to her best. The bottom was a small triangle of unlined material. I was glad that I had shaved smooth before the trip (hubby likes it and it makes me feel sexy). The top was also very small pieces of material that covered my nipples but did little to cover the full swell of my tits. I looked pretty hot in the suit and got a lot of appreciative stared from the tourists walking through the shop. I bought three in different colors and patterns.

We took the gulf cart back to the house and I rushed to get out of my clothes and into my new show off suit. My husband was quite excited to see it; he had only gotten a glimpse back at the store. 

He suggested we get out to the beach so he could take a few pictures. 

"Yea, the ones you can't show to the folks back home," I teased. 

"I will if you want me to," he said. 

"Best not," I said.

The beach was beautiful. Wide, white and pretty deserted. "Shall we just walk or do you want to take the blanket?" my husband asked. 

"Let's just walk and enjoy the beach for now," I said.

So off we started down the beautiful beach, me practically nude feeling the warm sun on my body. It sure was just what I was hoping to re-invigorate me after a few cold winter months. 

Within a few yards of our cottage my husband reached up and pulled on the tie to my top. It was pretty small and didn't take much encouragement for it to come off. He smiled as I turned to him. 

"Ok, wise guy, you want it off, you keep track of it," I said.

He pulled it from me and folded it up and stuck it in his pocket and raised his camera to his eye and said, "Smile." We spent the next few minutes taking a few topless pictures of me enjoying the water and the beach. He smiled broadly the first time I came out of the water. Seems no one bothered to tell me that the material was see- through when it was wet. I should have know, when I saw that it was unlined.

The sun was warm and we were enjoying the scenery and our time together. We walked along chatting and further down the beach passed a few folks out enjoying the sun and sand. Like I was, most of the women were topless and most of the guys, Europeans I would later learn, wore very small Speedo suits that gave me a good look at their packages. I did a little window shopping before my husband continued down the beach.

We walked back to the house and sat out on the pool patio having a drink and making out. The pool patio has a large bed like place to lie in the sun and we were laying on it. I was still topless and laying near my husband. 

He was kissing me and stroking my belly and thighs and I slowly opened my legs to allow him access to my barely covered cunt. His fingers traced over the outline of my vagina through the small patch of material covering my pussy. It was warm, I was getting hot, and the thought of being finger-fucked right there was a turn on.

His fingers tickled my cunt lips and his thumb easily slid the small patch of material to the side to allow him access to my pussy. 

I opened myself wider and felt his one finger slowly part my excited pussy. It felt so good that I almost came immediately, but I held back feeling him push a finger deeper into me. He probed for my clit for a moment and soon he was making small circles around it, exciting me more and more. 

I instinctively spread my legs wider for him as he inserted two fingers and began fucking me slowly with his fingers. He knows exactly how I like it and he wasn't disappointing me one bit. I raised my hips off the platform and he continued pleasuring me for a few more minutes.

Slowly he withdrew his fingers, knelt on the platform and removed his swim trunks. His dick was standing straight out and I reached out to try to touch it. 

He moved past me and straddled my head with his knees and lowered himself down so his head was between my legs. Slowly his fingers spread me again and I felt a bolt of lightning course through me as his tongue licked at my clit. 

Slowly, just the way I like my husband to, he slid his tongue through the folds of my cunt. He eagerly licked at my pussy as I reached for his cock that was throbbing near my head. 

He continued to lick me as I rolled my head back slightly, took hold of his beautiful cock, and engulfed its head with my mouth. He moaned audibly as I swirled my tongue around the engorged head of his cock.

He kept licking me and probing my cunt with his tongue as I continued to eagerly suck his cock. I grasp the shaft with my hand and pulled urging him to push more into my eager mouth. I love the feel of a man's cock in my mouth and how with only a few motions of my lips and tongue, I can excite and pleasure his cock.

Slowly I could feel him start to move his cock in and out of my mouth. I adore the feeling of having a man fuck my mouth almost as much as I enjoy a big dick fucking my cunt deep and hard. 

He continued eagerly licking my engorged cunt lips and lapping eagerly at my hardening clit. I swirled my tongue eagerly around his cock head, my one hand firmly around his cock shaft and my other hand cupping his balls.

After a few minutes of eagerly licking my pussy and fucking my mouth I could feel his balls start to throb. 

I knew he was going to come soon and I only hoped that he would get me there before filling my mouth with his load. I raised my hips slightly and his tongue slipped deeper into my moist pussy. He lapped eagerly at my opening and quickly moved to my clit and lapped at it hard. 

That was all it took and I felt myself spasm with pleasure and moments later I felt the first full gush as he started coming deep in my mouth. He continued to lick my pussy lovingly as he continued to shoot jet after jet of sperm into my mouth and down my throat.

I always have loved it when men come in my mouth. It is such a turn-on for me. 

I sucked eagerly at his rapidly deflating cock to get every last drop of his semen. I am always amazed, also, that it seems that every man's semen tastes different. My husband's is slightly salty with a creamy consistency.

After he came, he rolled off and lay next to me on the platform. 

"That," he said, "was one of your best cock sucking performances." "I'd give you 5 out of 5 stars for that, sexy."

I was pleased to know that he had enjoyed it as much as I had. We were a long way from home and the day was winding down. We had a drink, took a shower, un-packed the few things we had brought and headed to bed.

The next morning was warm and sunny. It was a beautiful day in paradise. My husband made a list of things we needed and went back into the village to shop. I put on another of my new, shockingly small swimsuits and went out to sit by the pool.

After a few minutes I heard someone calling, "Hello." 

I looked up to see a man walking toward me. For some reason I tried to cover up with a towel as he approached. 

"Oh, terribly sorry, don't let me disturb you. I'm one of your neighbors and thought I'd drop by to say hello." He introduced himself as Colin, originally from England, but now a resident of the Bahamas. 

He said, "I was going to drop by last evening, but as I was approaching I saw you and some lucky fellow engaged in what seemed to be some sort of wrestling match." 

I looked at him with a confused look on my face. "From what I saw dear you seemed to be losing since he was on top." 

It flashed through my head finally what he was talking about and I could feel myself blushing. 

"I must admit that I lingered a bit longer that I should have, but it was such an exciting event that I couldn't take my eyes off you two." 

I stammered something about the fellow being my husband and that I apologized for being so public. 

"Never you mind lov, this is the Bahamas. The island of romance and sex is part of romance," he said. "Just take a stroll down the beach and you'll see lots of 'romance,' if you get my meaning." 

I laughed and said, "You'll have to show us where to go, it sounds naughty."

He was taller than my husband, older, I guessed late 30's early 40's, quite handsome and was wearing a Speedo that gave me an almost complete view of his rather large cock. It was quite long and thick, but also completely flaccid.

"Can I get you something," I said, getting up. 

"No, just seeing you there is quite enough at present." "I love the suit, most women can't handle our famous 'dental floss' swimwear." "You figure was just meant for that." 

I blushed slightly and thanked him. 

Just them my husband returned from his outing. I introduced him to Colin and he offered him a drink. 

"I'd love one," Colin said. "Nothing like a glass of wine while chatting with a beautiful woman and her very lucky husband." 

"Colin was passing by last evening while we were 'wrestling' last night," I said. 

"Wrestling? What are you talking about," said my husband.

"Well, I must explain," said Colin. "I'm afraid I was a bit of a peeping Tom yesterday, said Colin. "I was on my way over to introduce myself and saw you two. It was so exciting and lovely that I just couldn't take my eyes off what was going on. I watch and got aroused and when you finished I just couldn't walk up and say, 'Hello,' could I? Besides my Willy was a bit rampant at the time." "I do apologize, and hope my mentioning it didn't embarrass you folks."

We sort of laughed it off and I said something like, "we'll be more discrete for the rest of the week." 

Colin didn't miss a beat and said, "Oh I do hope not. I quite like the way you look, even though that suit you have on doesn't cover much." 

I thought to myself, "This guy is pretty suave. Comes in makes a pass at me, and makes another while my husband is standing right there." "This could be an interesting week.

"Yes, she does have a great body," my husband said. "She is one of my best models."

Colin and he then struck up a conversation about photography and art and we went back out by the pool to enjoy the wine and the day. 

About an hour or so later, and at least one or two bottles of wine, Colin said, "Well, I'll leave you two to enjoy the day." "If you are going out to the beach later, I can show you some beautiful spots to sunbathe and snorkel."

We told Colin we would like that and made plans to have him stop by later.

After Colin left we had lunch and my husband kept smirking. 

"What," I said? 

"You know you couldn't take your eyes off his dick the entire time he was here," he said. 

"So, he was practically nude," I said. 

He motioned in my direction, "and you are completely covered?" pointing out that my pussy and tits were barely covered by my "dental floss." 

"Considering how you're dressed I think he showed remarkable restraint to keep 'Willy' inside that Speedo. 

"Good thing he did," I said, "Can you imagine how big 'Willy' might get when 'rampant?'"

"You are such a size queen," he said, "I'm amazed that you pay any attention to mine at all." 

"It's not the size of the tool," I said, "but the skill of the carpenter." 

"Keep lying to me, it helps my ego when I see your infatuation with 'Willy's' of various size," he said.

I smiled and kissed him.

About two hours later Colin showed up and looked somewhat disappointed that we weren't fucking (at least that is how I interpreted his look). He had a different Speedo on and a shoulder bag with a couple of bottles of wine and a blanket.

We set off down the beach to one of his "favorite spots." The beach was disserted and I asked Colin about the lack of others. He said, "Most of the tourists go to Grand Bahama Island or New Providence where Nassau is. These smaller islands don't have the casinos and the nightlife that folks are looking for."

As we walked I noticed a twinkle in my husband's eye. Suddenly I felt my top come untied and I turned quickly to try to see who had untied it. 

"There is no one around, enjoy the sun," my husband said. "I don't think you will offend Colin." 

Colin quickly chimed in, "not in the least. Seems to me quite the shame that those lovely breasts of yours are ever covered." "If I had tits like yours I'd never cover them. Too lovely not to share." 

"Thank you kind sir," I said, as I pulled the small top off. 

"Lovely, simply lovely," I head Colin say.

We walked a bit further and just around a slight bend was a beautiful spot near a large outcropping of rocks. 

"Here we are," said Colin. "Lovely view of the beautiful waters and complete privacy." 

"Wrestling encouraged," he said with a glint in his eye.

We spread out the blanket, opened the wine and had a toast to "new friends" and to the beautiful beach. 

"And to Sharon sharing her lovely body with us," Colin added. I looked over at him to see if he had actually meant what he said. I could tell by his wry smile that he knew exactly what he said.

We lay in the sun for a couple of hours just chatting and talking about our lives and careers. Colin was a successful developer in Great Britain. We didn't mention our "adventures" from the past.

To cool myself, I got up and walked into the water and swam around for a few minutes. As I walked out of the water I noticed that Colin was staring in my direction. I then realized that the small patch of fabric covering my pussy was transparent from being wet. I stood before him on the blanket and toweled myself off. He didn't take his eyes off my cunt. 

After more wine, I asked Colin if he'd like to join me in the water. He eagerly said yes and we walked to the water. 

My husband was enjoying a cigar and another glass of wine. 

Colin and I walked out into the water. Colin started swimming and I followed until we were on the other side of the large outcropping and climbed up onto the rocks. His wet Speedo seemed also to be unlined and I could see every inch of his cock. 

Even after time in the cool water I didn't detect any "shrinkage." He sat on the ledge of the outcropping and I swam up to him. I could stand in about waist deep water and I reached out and ran my hand down his chest to his Speedo. 

"Doesn't leave much to the imagination," I said. "You might as well be nude." "You have a very beautiful cock," I said, trying to shock. 

With that he pulled down the front of his suit and pulled his massive cock free. 

"Nice," I said. "Can I touch it?" 

"I'm sure he'd enjoy that," Colin said.

I reached out my hand and wrapped it around his cock. It was heavy and thick; I moved closer and pulled it between my tits. Slowly I rubbed it over my breasts. His cock immediately started to harden and I felt it getting bigger and bigger between my tits. 
