 The next day was just as beautiful as the day before, the sun was warm and the ocean breezes keep the heat to a bearable level. My husband and I had spent most of the evening talking about what had happened yesterday. 

He was as excited as I at how Colin took charge and simply fucked me. I am not sure if he was more excited by watching me and Colin fuck or at having the others watch Colin and I fuck.

"Yea, Mr. big-time photographer," I said, "didn't take any photographs of your sweet little wife with a big strange cock in her cunt." 

"Well," he said, "I was too busy watching you two to even think about taking pictures." 

We agreed that it was a very exciting experience. He teased, "We all know how much you love being watched."

After breakfast we took a dip in our private pool and just lay in the sun. I put another of my new suits on to show off my body to my husband. He is such a wonderful man, not jealous in the least. I guess he knows my weaknesses for "adventures" doesn't mean that I don't love him, find him sexually exciting and consider him one of the best lovers I have ever had. He's my friend, also and we enjoy our adventures.

We lay around for a couple of hours, my husband told me I looked beautiful and spent about a half an hour taking photographs of me. Some topless, he likes my tits quite a bit also, and some nudes. 

While he was shooting some of the nudes he told me to think about what we did yesterday with Colin and to spread my legs and caress myself slowly. I touched myself and closed my eyes to slowly pleasure myself. 

I could hear the camera click occasionally as I stroked my cunt and slowly opened myself to the camera and my husband's gaze. 

After a few more minutes, I heard him say, "Great, you look beautiful hon, but I really want a drink." 

"Thanks a lot," I said, "Here I am nude with my legs spread and you want a drink?" 

He smiled and nodded, but added, "We don't go home for 5 more days, and don't be such a slut. I'm not a machine that can produce erections on demand." 

"Too bad," I said, "perhaps if you could I could pimp you out to Marijean and the other ladies at school." 

"Oh, yea," he said, "I've seen the competition at school. I just don't 'measure' up."

He went to get a drink for us both as I put my suit back on. After a drink we walked the beach for an hour or so. 

When we got back my husband told me he was going into the village to take some photographs, "all nudes and not landscapes makes for a dull portfolio," he said.

He asked if I wanted to go, but the sun felt warm on my body so I told him to go without me. 

I lay out in the sun for about an hour. I got up and walked to the outdoor shower and rinsed myself with the cool water. I could feel the cold water making my nipples hard and I thought about yesterday and what a turn on it was laying there nude on the beach and being fucked by Colin's magnificent cock. 

I thought back through the series of events over the past few days and felt myself getting more and more excited. I could recall the expressions on the faces of the guys watching Colin's cock disappear in an out of my eager cunt. 

They knew that I was excited simply by looking at Colin's cock as he withdrew it from my moist pussy. I was a slut being fucked and guys were watching and thinking of what it would be like to use my body for their pleasure. I was the center of attention on that beach and I loved every moment of the experience.

Suddenly I felt hands surround me and cup my breasts. 

"Have you been thinking about me lov," a voice said. I knew instantly that it was Colin. I felt his hands cup my breasts and start to push the small piece of material covering my nipples aside. His fingered moved to my nipples ad he pinched them gently between his thumb and fingers. 

"I seem to recall that you liked this yesterday while your husband was fucking your mouth," Colin said. My nipples hardened at his pinch and I recalled the sensation of my husband's cock sliding in and out of my mouth and Colin's cock eagerly filling my cunt. 

I moved my body back to him to feel his cock hardening through the material of his Speedo. His hands moved from my breasts and I felt him pull the small bottom of my swimsuit off. I could feel it break away as he pulled. 

"Why don't you kneel on the sunning platform," he said? 

I reached behind myself and felt his beautiful cock thickening. A wave of lust swept over me. "Get that cock out now, "I heard myself saying. 

"At you command my lady," Colin said. I turned to watch Colin step out of his Speedo and clutch his cock in one hand and slowly began stroking it. I watched as it grew in his hand.

I moved to the platform and kneeled as commanded. I felt him kneel behind me. 

"Do you do anal," he asked. 

"Not with guys that are hung like you are," I said. 

"Too bad, love, you ass looks delicious." He reached out with his hand as slowly stroked my moistening pussy. 

His fingers slowly stroked me from the top to the bottom of my slit. I felt myself gasp as he jammed two fingers into my cunt and slowly stroked me. I felt myself instinctively clenching down on his fingers. He slid his fingers from my cunt and said, "Looks like you have been expecting me. You seem ready for some fucking." 

"After yesterday, you have been on my mind," I said. 

I felt him move closer to me and I felt his big cock rub against my ass. He put his one hand on my back and pushed me down gently, "Put your head down on the pillow and let me look and your beautiful ass and cunt," he said. 

"It looked so pretty with my big Willie in it yesterday, stretched wide and clutching at him, I want to see it before I stretch it again with my prick." 

I shuddered with excitement from his nasty talk. I felt his hand again on my vagina as his fingers traced the outline of it. I then felt his finger trace its way up to my ass and circle my hole. A jolt went through me; I had never had a man stimulate my ass before. 

I was surprised how erotic Colin's touch was. He stroked my hole for a few moments then returned to my pussy. His fingers gently caressed my swelling cunt lips and he slowly opened me with his fingers and slid a finger inside. He moistened his finger with my lubrication and slowly probed every inch of me. 

When he came to my clit he circled it gently with his finger, I could feel it start to thicken at his touch. 

He also sensed my excitement and gently grasped my clit between his thumb and forefinger. He rolled it between his fingers for a few seconds and I made an audible groan. "Like that, eh," he said. 

"Oh God, yes," I heard myself saying as I pushed my cunt back against his hand.

He stroked my clit for a few more moments then inserted one finger into my pussy. His fingers were thicker than my husband's and I pushed back against it and I felt it enter me. Again I clasp my vaginal muscles around his finger as he started to withdraw. He pulled his one finger from me then quickly inserted two. 

I felt him insert those two and I clenched around the two fingers. He lingered longer inside of me with the two fingers but soon he withdrew them as well. 

Next he inserted three fingers which seemed to fill my slit from top to bottom and when his three fingers were all the way in I could feel his thumb start to caress my ass again. He flexed his fingers inside the warm moistness of my vagina and circled and lightly caressed my puckering hole.

I was grasping tightly at his fingers and enjoying every sensation when he started to withdraw. "Like that, do we," he said. 

"God, yes," I said, "your fingers are so thick." 

He reinserted his fingers completely and I pushed myself back again to meet his penetration. I could feel the flow of my natural lubrication as my excitement built.

There I was head down on a pillow, my ass up in the air, a nude man with a huge hard-on kneeling behind me with most of his hand inserted into my cunt. 

I could feel the warm sun on my back and occasionally I could hear the ping of golf clubs on the course just on the other side of the road that ran in front of the beach house. 

I was secretly wishing that someone would come looking for a lost golf ball and see Colin and I. 

I was ready for anything. My mind was a whirlwind of thoughts and sensations, yesterday, today, now were all swirling through my head. 

Colin slipped his fingers from my pussy and I felt a bolt of lightning pass through my entire body as I felt his tongue brush across my puckering hole. He licked me eagerly and his hands spread my ass cheeks wider to allow him access. He circled it several times and ran his tongue over it as I squirmed with excitement. 

I felt his cock, thick and hot, brush against the back of my thighs. After a few more moments he moved down to my slit and stuck his tongue deep into my dripping pussy. The tip of his tongue soon found my engorged clit and lapped at it for a few seconds. I pushed my cunt back against his mouth as he continued to lap at my moist slit.

I felt him move away from my pussy but moments later I felt his one hand on my hip and his cock being rubbed against the inside of my thighs. He was clutching his beautiful big cock in one hand and traced it up one side across my now throbbing cunt lips and down the other thigh. 

He did that several times and I could feel myself shudder with pleasure each time his massive rod pressed against my swollen cunt lips. I knew he sensed my excitement and he kept teasing me by rubbing his cock meat against me.

I felt him rub it over my engorged cunt lips. He traced it over my cunt from top to bottom, moving it slowly along my swollen lips all the way to my ass. 

He rubbed the head over every inch of my pussy and puckering hole. When he got to my ass I felt him hold his cock against my opening and slowly push. 

"Are you sure you don't want to try anal, lov," he said. 

"Not with a cock the size of your," I said. 

He chuckled as he slid it down between my ass cheeks and traced it over my pussy for several more moments.

The heat of his cock was radiating. I could feel it's every move against my skin. He moved slowly and deliberately rubbing his cock enticingly over my slit. I felt him place one hand on my ass as he started to strike his big hot cock between my legs. I could feel the shaft slightly open my pussy as he slid it along my moist opening. "Are you ready," he said? 

"Yes, yes, please put it in," I pleaded.

I could feel the head of his cock as he slid back away from me briefly. He moved forward and I felt the delicious pleasure of the head of his cock slowly part my cunt lips. He entered me slower than he had the day before, but as then, he seemed to glide into me. I felt the walls of my vagina being pushed open as the girth of his dick filled me. 

Slowly, ever so slowly he penetrated me completely. I moved my pussy back to him to allow him complete access to me. I was panting with desire as I felt his balls push against my swollen lips and realized that he was all the way into me.

"Oh, God, your cock is so big and thick," I heard myself saying. 

"Your cunt is so hot and tight," he said. "Let me enjoy the feeling of being all the way into your lovely pussy for a few moments." 

"Yes, yes, yes," was all I could say. 

He was deep into me and we just stopped moving, he savoring the tight moistness of me, and I enjoying the thickness and length of his hot cock.

I tingled with pleasure and he must have sensed it too. He moved his hand from my ass to cup one of my breasts. Without moving his cock, he cupped my tit with his hands and used his thumb and forefinger again to gently pinch my hard nipple.

He pinched and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger for a few moments, then gently tugged on it. I could feel his cock throb deep inside me. I knew he was as excited as I was.

That spasm of pleasure of his cock deep in my cunt and another tug on my nipple pushed me over the edge of my first orgasm. 

Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my body, "I'm coming, please just stay still," I screamed to Colin. My body convulsed with pleasure, my cunt contracted tightly around his thick, hot cock. 

Wave after wave of pleasure continued through every nerve in my body. I had never experienced and orgasm as intense as thing.

Colin remained still but moaned as my cunt contracted and relaxed around the length of his dick. I reached back and roughly grabbed his balls and held him deep inside of me. After a few moments my spasms decreased and I released my grip on his balls. 

After a few more movements I heard myself saying, "Now, fuck me, fuck me hard and deep. Colin fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. Empty your balls deep inside my cunt." 

He needed no more encouragement and started thrusting, slowly at first, in and out of my cunt. 

"Faster," I urged. 

His pace picked up and I was enjoying the delicious sound of his big cock working in and out of my now squishy cunt and his big balls slapping against my cunt with each thrust.

As with yesterday, I knew he would last longer than I could. With every thrust into me, he seemed to linger for a moment at each end of his thrust. All the way in, pause, pull it out, pause. Several times he'd pull his beautiful cock all the way out of me so I could enjoy the delicious pleasure of feeling the fullness of his cock penetrate me again. 

"Yes, yes, yes," I kept saying. "Fuck me like that."

Colin needed no words of encouragement, he was a great fuck he knew just how to please a woman with that long thick cock of his. 

"Let me get on top for awhile," I said to Colin.

He stopped pumping, and said, "Are you sure?" 

"Yes, yes, I want to ride you until you fill me," I said.

He pulled out slowly; I felt a tingle as it slipped from my cunt. 

"Lay on your back," I said. 

He lay down next to me, his beautiful glistening cock pointing straight up. I straddled him slowly realizing that I had to get up higher than I thought to get to the top of his cock. I grasped his slippery cock with my hand and guided it to my tingling slit and again felt the delicious sensation of his big cockhead part my lips. 

Slowly I lowered my cunt down on him. He and I both moaned as I engulfed his dick with my eager pussy. "It's even bigger somehow this way," I said to Colin. He didn't say a word but moaned as the moist hotness took his cock all the way. When he was all the way into me, I sat up straight and ground my hips around his shaft. He reached up to cup my tits and smiled up at me.

Slowly I started riding his beautiful dick. Every time I lowered myself to the hilt I contracted my vagina around his shaft. He groaned the first time I did it. "Like that," I said? 

"Oh fuck yes," he said. "That is one tight pussy, I am loving this," Colin said. 

"Good, I am too," I said.

Slowly I rode his massive cock, the entire length scraped enticingly over my clit with each slow stroke. I started to increase my speed and he started to react to my stroke with an upward thrust of his hips burying his dick deep into me. 

I could feel my excitement build again as I approached my second orgasm. His big cock filled me completely, but I was excited and quite proud that I could take a cock that size without any discomfort; I was full and stretched wider than my husband usually stretched me, but it felt wonderful. 

I increased my pace of riding him, but knew it wouldn't be too much longer before I had another orgasm. My heart was pounding with sexual excitement as I got closer and closer. 

Colin again pinched my nipples between his thumb and forefinger and tugged gently on them both. That was all it took. The pleasure of his cock deep inside of me and the satisfaction of knowing I had taken all of his cock and the stimulation of my clit and my nipples made me shudder as my second orgasm swept over me. 

I clenched my vagina as tight as I could around his cock and rode the wonder wave of pleasure as every nerve in my body was alive. 

I lowered myself all the way down his shaft and lay my chest to his as I gasped in pleasure. He wrapped his arms around me gently and held me until my orgasm subsided.

When I has stopped coming, he pushed me off of him and I rolled over on my back next to him. He kneeled and moved to me as I opened my legs. He grasped his cock in his hand, moved between my legs, put one hand on my lower belly and guided his cock back into my cunt. 

Again, his beautiful slick cock disappeared into my pussy. I gasped as he filled me with his hot, hard cock. It stretched me wide as he filled the entirety of my vagina with his cock meat. 

I lifted my hips as I had done the day before to allow him complete access to my cunt. His hand on my lower belly moved so that his thumb could pull up the hood covering my clit. He pulled it up, exposing my clit and circled his thumb around it as he fucked my cunt. 

I was getting weak with pleasure; no man had ever brought me off twice while fucking me. Colin stroked my clit and continued to eagerly pump my cunt.

After a few minutes I tried clamping my vaginal muscles around his cock to try to let him know how great a fuck he was giving me. I wanted to tell him but all I could do was groan with pleasure with each deep thrust. 

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," was all I could get out. "Fill me with you come baby, fill me."

Several minutes later I felt myself again approaching climax. Colin showed no signs of slowing down. His beautiful cock filled me over and over again. The pleasure was as intense as he withdrew as it was while he was inserting. 

Closer and closer I got to a third orgasm with each stroke. Suddenly, I felt Colin's cock get hotter and hotter. It throbbed and I started coming. 

At the same time I felt the first might spurt of his come deep inside me. "Oh fuck yea," he screamed and pushed his dick as far into me as he could. 

I felt jet after powerful jet of his come fill my cunt as I spasmed through my third intense orgasm. 

Every nerve was firing and I felt every sensation a woman can feel after this kind of fucking. He was deep inside me and had collapsed onto my chest as he continued to pump jet after jet of sperm deep into me. 

As with yesterday's fuck, I tried as best I could to contain his volume deep inside me by clenching my vagina around his cock. As with yesterday, I was totally unsuccessful at containing his massive flow. 

Pulse after pulse of his cock and the twitching of his balls against my cunt lips told me that he was filling me with one massive load.

I felt the fluid of his orgasm and mine starting to flow out of me. I was exhausted from the workout Colin and his cock had given me. 

We lay there with his cock still deep inside me, but I could feel his cock slowly deflating. I knew within a minute or two he would be slipping out of me. 

I wrapped my arms around him and kissed his neck. "Nice fucking you, sir," I said. 

"Nice fucking you too," Colin said with a chuckle.

His slippery cock slid from my pussy and we left a large wet spot on the sunning bed.

We lay there in the glow of a great sex session.

Finally I looked over at him and asked, "Is there a secret to how you manage to come so much?" "I've never known a man to come anywhere near as much as you do. And if they did, they certainly couldn't do it twice in two days." 

Colin smiled and said, "It is just something that I can do. Maybe it is these big balls of mine," as he cupped them in his hand. 

"Well, whatever it is, it is quite the turn on to feel a man coming inside me as much as you do," I said. 

"Or, perhaps it is that you are such a good fuck," he said.

About an hour after Colin had left, my husband returned.