 I must have been exhausted from the workout Colin and my husband gave me because the next thing I recalled was waking up later in the afternoon. I awoke slowly and realized quickly that I was along in Colin's huge bed. I got up and looked around the room and the bathroom trying to figure out where my husband and Colin went. 

At the top of the stairs I heard a noise downstairs and went down to see what was going on. There, in the media room, was Colin and my husband looking at the large screen TV. They were looking at the pictures my husband had taken of Colin and me.

I figured I'd let them "bond" and went back upstairs and got back in Colin's huge bed. I must have fallen asleep again because the next thing I remember is the feeling of a hand stroking my cunt and another hand caressing my nipples.

I woke slowly to see Colin lying on the bed next to me with his head down by my pussy. My husband was on his knees next to my head. Both had erect cocks and seemed to be ready for more. 

Colin stroked the outline of my pussy with his fingers and then moved to spread my cunt lips and inserted one of his thick fingers. I opened my legs to allow him deeper penetration with his finger. He slid it all the way in and probed me complexly. I moaned softly feeling his finger penetrating me. He ran one finger around inside of me for a few minutes. I felt the wetness of the two loads that were in me start to ooze from my excited cunt but I lay there enjoying Colin's finger stimulating my vagina. 

Soon I felt him insert two fingers and went deep inside of me. I grasped his fingers with my vaginal muscles and felt him respond to my tightness.

"This beautiful pussy seems to be ready for more," Colin said to my husband. 

"I think she'll enjoy what we have planned," my husband said. 

I paid no attention to the words spoken and continued to enjoy having my cunt probed and stimulated by Colin's thick fingers. 

I raised my hips as he probed. His thick fingers spread the walls of my vagina. His thumb circled my clit as I got more and more excited by his fingering. I could feel my body slip into pleasure mode. Pleasure was radiating throughout my body as Colin fingered me and my husband stimulated my breasts and nipples. 

Pleasure was all I was thinking about. It didn't register that there I was nude on a strange man's bed; his fingers probing my vagina while my husband stroked my breasts and teased my nipples with his thumb and forefingers. I was enjoying Colin's thick fingers deep inside me. I was concentrating on the sensations only. 

After a few minutes I heard Colin whisper, "Turn over lov, I need to fuck you again." I rolled over and suddenly felt Colin grab my hips and lift me to a kneeling position. His one hand was on my back as he pushed my body forward so my head was down on the mattress. I felt him quickly place one hand on my ass and suddenly felt his massive cock plunge deep into my cunt. He pushed himself deeply into me on his first stroke and I could feel his cock push even more of the volume of sperm in my cunt out around his shaft. 

His cock filled my cunt completely. I enjoyed the sensation of the fullness of is cock stretching my vagina with each deep thrust. I clamped down around his shaft with each thrust. I reached back to cup his balls as they slapped against me. They were heavy and full. I marveled at how he could be full again after the massive volume he had pumped deep into me just a couple of hours earlier. 

Suddenly Colin stopped and quickly pulled his cock from me. I was surprised and confused. Had he come already? No, I would have been well aware of his orgasm by the intensity of his climax. I could actually feel each jet of his sperm as it filled me earlier. 

Suddenly I heard my husband saying, "It's my turn now," as Colin withdrew his still erect cock. I felt my husband move into position and insert his dick into my pussy. 

I was slightly stretched by Colin's cock still and had to clamp down tighter around my husband's cock. His cock pushed deep into me as quickly as Colin had penetrated me. I could feel his cock radiate with as much heat as Colin's. 

This cock, like the cock that was just inside me, felt wonderful. 

My husband started stroking and I could feel that Colin was still kneeling on the bed near my husband. 

After a few strokes, I felt my husband withdraw his cock from me; he wiped his cock with his one hand and then re-inserted himself into my pussy. I then felt the warmth as my husband wiped the semen and lubrication from my cunt to my puckering hole. 

It was warm and slippery feeling. Moments later I felt my husband's finger start to probe my ass. He slowly pushed his finger into my ass as he continued fucking my cunt. I moaned at the sensation of my ass being penetrated by his finger. It slid in easily and completely.

A few moments later I felt my husband pull out, but again my cunt was quickly filled with a cock. Colin's larger cock replaced my husband's in my pussy. 

Seconds later Colin's finger replaced my husband's in my ass. Colin's finger was thicker than my husband's but it too slid in easily. I used my muscles to grip Colin's cock as he fucked me and tried to clamp down on his finger as he slowly inserted and withdrew it from my ass.

Moments later, I again felt Colin's cock slip from my cunt only to be replaced by my husband's. Colin's thicker finger remained in my ass and he started to insert an additional finger. He pushed both fingers deep into my ass as my husband fucked me. I could feel the fullness of the cock and the fingers inside of my body and I could feel my climax starting to build. Colin deeply fingered my ass while my husband eagerly fucked me.

The pleasure of my ass and my cunt being stimulated at the same time was more than I could control and I felt the first spasms of my climax wave over my body. 

Colin jammed his two fingers deep into my ass and my husband shoved his cock as far into me as he could get and they rode out my climax almost motionless. I was moaning like an overacting porn star and clenching my cunt and ass as tightly as I could between waves of pleasure.

I was also gasping for air as the intensity of the orgasm drained me completely. It was probably the most intense orgasm I had ever had. It was frightening to think that my body could convulse so violently but give me so much pleasure at the same time. 

Colin and my husband didn't say a word as I continued to come. 

After a few moments, I stopped coming. I felt my husband withdraw again. Colin's fingers also slipped from my ass. I expected the sensation of Colin's big, thick cock to re-enter my vagina, but instead I felt the head of a cock pushing at my ass. 

"Thank God it's my husband's," I thought to myself as the head slipped into my ass. He slowly pushed the entire length of his cock into my ass. 

"Sometimes it's good to have a smaller cock," I heard my husband say. He slowly started fucking my ass. He fucked me slowly allowing my ass to become accustom to the size of his cock. 

Soon I had relaxed enough to allow him complete penetration and I could feel his balls brushing against my ass with each deep thrust. He would insert himself completely and then slowly withdraw so that just about a third of his cock remained inside my ass. 

He continued for a few minutes and I could tell he was enjoying it as much as I was. We have done anal before on several occasions, and I have even done anal with a small number of other men, but it isn't something we do all that often.

As I could feel his cock getting hotter and thicker and sensing that he was approaching his orgasm, I felt him pull out and move away quickly. 

I felt Colin's thick cock on my ass and heard him say, "Now it's my turn lov." I gasped as his thick head replaced my husband's cock in my gaping ass. 

I knew that Colin was too big for my ass and I started to say something like, "No, Colin, no, you are too big for my ass." 

But before I could get it out he inserted the big head of his cock. His cock was thick and spread my ass wide. I was moaning and begging him, "No, please stop, please you are too big." 

"I'll be gentle," I heard Colin say, "See, I already have the head in your luscious ass." 

"Go slow, please, please. I can't take it," I said.

He stopped penetrating my ass and just stayed still. His cock was thick and was stretching my ass to the point of some pain, but he didn't push himself any further into me. I did have to admit that after a few more moments I started to relax and could enjoy the sensation of having a cock this large inside my ass. 

I remembered back to the feeling of Colin's cock in my cunt and the pleasure his huge meat gave my cunt the first time he filled me. This was a similar sensation, but quite different. His cock was less than half way into me but already he was probably further in that my husband, or anyone else, had ever been. 

He waited patiently and sensing that my muscles had relaxed a bit more he slowly slid another couple of inches into my ass. I felt his cock push against my resistance as a bit more of his cock disappeared.

"God, this is so fucking great," I heard Colin scream. 

I was breathing rapidly to relax myself from the assault of Colin's prick in my ass. 

The pain was increasing and I said, "No stop, no stop, I can't take any more of your cock. Please stop, please, please." My ass was stretched wider than I could take. I begged again, "Please stop Colin. Take it out, I can't take you, you are too fucking big!" "Please, take it out." 

Reluctantly Colin slowly withdrew his massive cock from my stretched ass. The pain subsided, but lust overwhelmed me.

"Roll over on your back," I said to Colin. "I want to ride that prick." 

He moved quickly to a position next to me on the bed. I pulled myself up to a kneeling position and straddled Colin. I wrapped my hand around his slick dick. I reached for a towel and wiped his cock before lowering my cunt down onto his shaft. 

His huge cock stretched my cunt wide, but I knew I could take him all in my vagina. Slowly I lowered myself down his shaft until I could feel the base of his cock touch my swollen cunt lips. His cock was touching all the right places inside of me and I knew I would reach my second climax soon. I lay on his chest enjoying the sensation of his cock deep within me and my hard nipples against his chest for a few moments. I sensed that my orgasm was rapidly approaching so I slowly began to ride his beautiful thick cock. 

Moments later my body was racked with spasms of pleasure. My cunt tightly gripped Colin's cock violently as spasm after spasm of pleasure flooded over me. After one or two violent spasms, I felt Colin's cock throb and felt the rush of his sperm into my pussy. He was coming as intensely as I was, gush after gush of his fluid filled me to overflowing and I could feel his warm ooze flow out of my tingling pussy.

As before his orgasm was too intense and massive to try to contain with my vaginal muscles. I lay on Colin completely overwhelmed with pleasure as I felt his cock pump a massive load of sperm deep inside me. Spurt after spurt from Colin only intensified and prolonged my orgasm. 

As my orgasm began to subside, I could feel Colin continuing to drain his balls into my cunt. I was embarrassed at the amount of fluid that spilled out of me and onto Colin's balls. 

Colin and I lay there for a few moments, his cock still deep inside me but starting to go limp, when I felt my husband move behind me. He placed his hand on my ass and I felt him press his cock to my ass. He penetrated me easily and his cock slid deep into my ass. 

The sensation of Colin's limp cock in my vagina and my husband's hard cock deep in my ass was something I hadn't experienced before. I felt full, tingly, and excited by the prospect of doing my first double penetration. I had seen it in porn before, but never had thought it was something that would be so easy to accomplish. 

Colin lay on his back with his softening dick still deep inside me as my husband fucked my ass deeply. I lay there on Colin while my husband fucked me. I was glad that Colin wasn't fully erect or my cunt and ass would be stuffed too full. Colin's cock was getting less thick and shorter with each passing moment. 

After a few moments of hard, deep fucking I heard my husband groan and felt his shoot several jets of sperm deep into my anal canal. His cock throbbed as he emptied himself into me.

His cock grew soft quickly and he pulled out and lay beside me. I lay on top of Colin. Even flaccid Colin was still firm enough to remain inside me. I lay there enjoying the heat of my ass being full of my husband's sperm and the wetness of Colin's sperm oozing out of my full cunt and down over Colin's balls.

I must have drifted off to sleep for a few moments lost in the thoughts of the erotic adventure we all had experienced over the last couple of days because the next sensation I felt was Colin's limp cock slowly slipping from my vagina. I rolled off of him and he smiled over at me. 

"You are fantastic," he said. 

"Thanks, it was pretty exciting," I said, "But after that workout I need a shower." Colin and I got up and went and took a shower together. I spent a long time washing his long, thick cock and he spent a lot of time soaping me up all over. 

The next few days of the vacation were spent either at Colin's house or at our rental. We lay in the sun, drank wine, chatted and had a lot more sex. Colin seemed to initiate most of the sex, seemed like he was quite insatiable and could produce more than one massive orgasm daily, often times as many as three huge loads. 

It was difficult to leave that beautiful place and the excitement we enjoyed with Colin. I often think about our Bahamas vacation and fantasize about men with cocks the size of Colin's. Colin will always hold a place in my fantasies and several of the images my husband took of Colin and me are my favorites.

As a postscript to this adventure, a couple of months after our Bahamas vacation we received a check for the entire cost of the rental of the villa from the management company. A refund had been authorized by the owner of the development, a British gentleman by the name of Colin. Seems like he thought I was a "great fuck."