 I must have drifted off in my orgasmic pleasure because the next thing I felt was hands on my ankles. The hands pulled me a short distance, and I felt myself being rolled over onto my back. 

I was still in a daze and I assumed I lay there on my back, legs spread, for several minutes, if not longer. I heard noises of people around me but was still in a daze and didn't connect anything.

"Man those tits are great, you're a lucky guy," I heard a voice say.

"Are they all natural," another voice said?

I felt someone cupping my tits and pushing them together and heard my husband's voice say, "Yep, all natural."

"And man, look at that pussy, never fucked a shaved cunt before. It felt so fucking smooth," the same voice said. "Does she shave it?"

Again, I heard my husband's voice, "Nope, had it all removed with electrolysis. She saw some pictures in a magazine and got it done."

"Is there a place in town that does that," the voice said?

"Oh yea, lots of women have it done now. But it isn't cheap, but it is so worth it," my husband said.

"Oh yea, I would say it is worth every penny," the voice said.

I felt fingers caressing my pussy and exploring the folds of my labia. There seemed to be more than one hand caressing.

Again, I felt my breasts being caressed and pushed together. I then felt a body straddle my chest and a hot, hard cock rubbed between my breasts. The hands then again pressed my breasts together around the cock. "Get me some lotion," I heard someone say.

"Here you go," another voice answered.

The hands on my breasts were removed for a few seconds, but moments later my tits were pushed back against a hot cock, that now seemed wetter than before. The hands cupped the sides of my full breasts as I felt the cock begin to slide between them. "Ok with you," I heard someone say.

"Be my guest," I heard my husband say.

Whoever it was fucking my tits picked up speed and was sliding back and for the between my breasts. My tits were pressed tight around the cock shaft by someone, but I also felt someone playing with my nipples, tweaking them gently and tugging on them.

I opened my eyes and pretended to wake up to see Tom kneeling over me, his hands pushing my tits around his cock and my husband playing with my nipples.

"Well, glad to see you woke up, sleepyhead," my husband said.

"Should I stop," Tom looked down and asked?

"No," I said, "if you're enjoying it. It feels nice."

I was getting turned on by what was happening. There I was nude on my back on the deck of Bob's boat. It was late into the night, but the lights from the boat's bridge lit up the deck. I was there with three men, two of whom were nude and Bob only wearing shorts. One was tit fucking me, one was playing with nipples but had now stopped and was watching, and the guy in the shorts was taking it all in.

I had forgotten how exciting it is to be watched while having sex. Tom's continued to slide his slippery dick between my tits. His hands were pushing my tits together around his shaft. I reached up with my hands and put my hands on Tom's to let him know that I was an active participant in this.

His cock was hot between the flesh of my tits, and I knew that he was getting closer and closer to coming. I looked up at him and smiled. "You like that, don't you Tom. You like fucking my tits, come on baby, shoot your load between my tits," I said.

Moments later I felt Tom's cock twitch and felt a forceful jet of warm liquid fill the area between my breasts. He kept pumping vigorously as he came and I felt his cock head slide in between my tits. His second and third spurts were as forceful as the first and a portion of one of his jets shot out and hit my face and neck.

"Yes baby, yes, come on my face," I shouted to Tom as more and more of his jism shot onto my face.

Tom moaned loudly as he came on me. I let go of my tits and he moved his hand to his shaft and pumped himself until a large pool of come formed on my chest. When he had finished coming he moved back and got up, standing near the other guys.

I looked toward them and moved my hand to the pool of come and smoothed it over my breasts and down over my belly. I then stood up and joined the guys.

"That was pretty hot, honey," my husband said. "I had forgotten how much you like to have your tits fucked."

"Thanks," I said, "now if you don't mind, I'm tired and Bob and I are going back below. See you in the morning."

I took Bob's hand and we headed below.

At the door to the cabin, I pulled Bob to me and kissed him deeply. "So, honey, is that what you wanted," I asked?

He didn't say anything, but pulled away and went into the cabin and straight to the head. I went in, found a towel and wiped the remnants of Tom's come off my tits and got in bed.

A few moments later Bob came out of the bathroom and got in bed next to me. He had taken his shorts off and was nude.

I smiles and said, "Are you going to talk to me or not?"

"About what," he said?

"I just asked you if that was what you wanted, and you didn't say anything," I said.

"Yea, I guess," he said.

"Listen Bob, we need to talk about this now," I said forcefully.

"What's to talk about," he said?

"Ok, you want to be an ass about it, that's fine, but don't just blow it off," I said. "You just made me do something because you felt you had some sort of control over me. I did it, and now you don't want to talk about it? What the fuck," I said?

Yea, you did it," he said. "It was hot watching you with your Tom and your husband, but after I'm thinking you probably would have fucked them anyway. You didn't do it because you wanted to please me."

"You are so fucking wrong," I said. "I did it for you because I love the way it feels when you fuck me. There is something about that thick, uncircumcised cock of yours that fills my pussy differently that any man I have fucked before. I have thought about your cock for about a year now. When I ran into you at Marijean's party I wondered if you would remember me. I wanted to experience that delicious sensation of you inside me again. When you slid into me that night, there was something that overtook me, I threw logic to the wind and now I want to experience fucking you whenever I can."

"But you seemed awfully excited," he said. "What is to make me think you won't be infatuated with Tom?"

"Tell me what you feel when you are inside me," I said.

"You know, I like to fuck you, but I guess there is something about your pussy that I've never experienced before. The way you clamp down on my dick when I am deep inside. It makes every nerve ending in my foreskin and my shaft tingle. No other woman has ever been able to stimulate me like that," he said.

"And I feel the same something special when you are fucking me. Perhaps it is the thickness of your cock, perhaps it fits my vagina better than anyone before, but you make me feel like no one, my husband included, has before. I feel your cock stretch and fill me completely and I love every sensation of every second," I said.

I spilled my heart and guts to Bob that night as we chatted. He made it clear that we shared a mutual admiration for each other's sexual prowess and experience. I did make it quite clear that while I was fascinated with his cock and the way we fucked each other, that fucking and sex was simply about pleasure; my relationship with him was based solely on sex and that it would be nothing else if he wanted to continue it. I also made it clear to Bob that I wasn't planning on leaving my husband for him, that I would stay with the commitment I had made to him. Bob could enjoy me as often as we could arrange it, and that I would continue to do anything to please him, anything he asked of me, but that he didn't need to think withholding sex as a blackmail tool was necessary.

"You know I am a sexually adventurous woman from the first time we met, I got turned on by you, by being watched, and you fucked me to levels of pleasure I hadn't experienced before. I like being watched, I like the effect my body has on men, I love the sensation of that uncut dick of yours has on me. I like what we have done this weekend, and I can't wait to see what happens tomorrow," I said, "but now I am tired, well fucked, and need some sleep." "Hopefully you'll be up for more tomorrow," I said with a wink.

Leaning over I took his dick in my hand and kissed the head, "Good night to both of you."

Several hours later I awoke. I was alone in the bed, but I did smell breakfast cooking in the galley. I found a small bikini (one too small to wear back home) and quickly put it on. I looked at myself in the mirror and thought, "this should get their attention." It was a thong made up of a small triangle of material mostly covering my pussy, and two small triangles that barely covered my nipples.

"Hello beautiful," I heard my husband say as I came up on deck where breakfast was laid out on the table, "did you sleep well?"

"I did, thanks hon," I said, was your room comfortable?"

"Slept like a log," he said, "the rocking of the boat is quite soothing."

Tom was sitting at the table, "Wow that is quite a hot looking suit. Couldn't wear that back home without causing a riot," he said. "It is perfect for a woman like yourself."

"Thank you," I said, "we got a couple of them when we were in the Bahamas over winter break." "They are a bit fragile, I have broken a couple of them already."

Bob came from the galley with another plate of food, "Hi sexy," he said as he put the plate on the table. He then walked over to me and gave me a deep kiss, during the kiss his hand went to one of my tits and he caressed it with the palm of his hand.

My mind raced ahead imagining the sex we should have already had, or the fucking Bob was going to give me, hopefully soon. My nipples hardened at what I imagined to come.

"Sit down, enjoy the breakfast," Bob said.

I sat down across from Tom, I noticed that he had noticed that my nipples were hard and couldn't stop staring at my chest.

Bob noticed and walked over behind me. "Ok, to break the tension, here you go Tom." Saying that he reached over me, took his fingers and slid the material covering my nipples aside, exposing my breasts.

"Thank you," Tom said to Bob, "I owe you one."

"I'm not keeping score, but I believe you owe me for more than showing you her tits," Bob said.

"I'll pay you back when we get back home," Tom said.

"Ok, are we done," I said? "Can I spend some part of this weekend in some kind of clothes?"

"I think the vote would go against you at this point," my husband said. Tom and Bob both chuckled loudly.

"Ok, but for now the 'girls' are going in for breakfast," I said as I pulled the small bit of fabric back over my nipples.

"The 'girls' need a bigger hiding place," Bob said.

We had a quiet breakfast and I helped Bob clean up. Once things were cleared we went back on deck. Tom and my husband were lounging on the deck. "Ok, so what is the plan for the day," Bob said.

"I'd like to fuck Sharon again," Tom said.

"Yea, yea, we all would," Bob said, "but we didn't come up for the weekend to sit around on the boat and fuck."

"You are so fucking jaded," Tom said. "You must be getting it from her on a regular basis, but I have some catching up to do."

"I ain't her pimp, so I can't just tell her to fuck you," Bob said. "I have come to learn that it is sort of the spur of the moment thing with Sharon, she chooses when and where, not me, and probably not even her husband," he said gesturing toward my husband.

'Thanks for including me in the discussions, guys," I said, "but I think that you chatting about who is fucking me is a bit premature." "I am here to enjoy the weekend on Bob's boat." "It has been an exciting couple of days with you guys, and I appreciate the attention. So why don't you three guys hop in the little boat, go off and play golf or something, while I work on my tan." "We can talk about the rest of the weekend when you get back."

Bob looked at Tom, Tom at my husband, and then they all looked back at me. "Go on, get changed, and get out of here. I need to tan and not be bothered by you three horny guys," I said. Several minutes later the guys were changed and heading for the boat, "You want us to bring you back anything," Bob asked?

"Nope, I'm good," I said, thinking to myself, "What I'll probably want will come back with you guys."

They left soon after that and I went up to the bridge to turn on some music on the radio, but didn't have much luck. The reception was limited in the area we were anchored at. So I went back below to get my iPod.

I again went to the forward deck where the mats were still laid out on the deck. I looked around, saw that there was no one close and reached back to untie the top to my bikini. I sat down, applied a liberal amount of lotion to my tits, and lay back to enjoy some time alone.

It was a beautiful day and the sun was warm on my tits.

I lay there for a few minutes before I hear a boat off in the distance, "Damn, are they back already," I thought to myself. It was just a couple of boats passing by on the river, but seeing the large boat anchored near the shore for some reason piqued their interest and one by one at least three boats changed course to swing by the anchorage. They all slowed as they passed, and I pretended to be asleep behind my sunglasses, but I noticed at least one guy with his binoculars enjoying the view.

I thought about the things the 4 of us had done over the past day or so. I thought about how much I love and enjoy the lifestyle my husband introduced me to a few years back. How much I love him for not being jealous when I pleasure, and am pleasured by other men. How he lets be follow my fantasies and doesn't ever try to be controlling or jealous. I thought to myself how lucky I am to be his wife and sharing our lives.

I also thought back about how exciting it was to meet Tom, spend a lot of time with him nude, have him feel me up at the restaurant, and how exciting it was to have him fuck me finally. I found myself getting turned on and unconsciously found myself stroking my hands over my breasts and down over my belly to my pussy.

I really was turned on by thinking about how good a fuck Bob is and how fascinating his cock is to me. Un-circumcised cocks aren't the prettiest cocks, but there was something about Bob's that made me swoon with girlish delight. It responded to my touch, my mouth, and filled my cunt differently than any man I had ever had before. I have had larger cocks, thicker cocks, but the sensation of his foreskin ridge inside of me is something that I had never experienced before. I had allowed Bob to lead the sexual games we all played simply so I could experience that pleasure.

God, I was turned on thinking about all that had happened and anticipated what would happen over the remainder of the weekend. I reached down and lightly stroked my tingling cunt lips with my fingertips through the thin material of the bottom of my bikini. I needed release and was going to have it right there, no matter who was passing by on the river.

I pulled the small patch of fabric over, exposing my lips. I gasped as I felt the cool air on my cunt, and immediately started stroking my vagina with my fingers. My labia were starting to tingle with excitement as my fingers caressed the folds of my cunt. I slid my finger along the slit and opened myself to probe for my clit. I stroked myself deeply as I felt my excitement growing and slowly inserted one finger into my pussy.

I clamped my cunt around my finger as I inserted it deeper into my vagina. It felt so good that I withdrew it and inserted two fingers. I lay there on the deck of the boat finger fucking myself for several minutes, getting closer and closer to the orgasm I needed. I thought about the events of the weekend, what I had done, what Bob had said, the pleasures I had experienced.

I squeezed my full breast with my other hand and pinched my nipple tightly between my thumb and forefinger. My nipples were already hard and the combination of my fingers stroking my pussy and clit and the pinching of my nipple caused me to reach my orgasm quickly.

I lay on the deck, my legs spread wide as I spasmed with orgasmic pleasure. Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my body giving me the sexual release I needed. When the pleasure waves subsided, my body completely relaxed and I must have drifted off to sleep.

I awoke when the guys returned. The rest of the weekend went pretty much as before, but the more I thought about it, the more angry I became at Bob. I spent the rest of the time with my husband. We did have sex and let Bob and Tom watch, but that was it.

On the drive back home, I apologized to my husband, but he told me that no apology was necessary. "As long as you enjoyed yourself, that is all that counts," he said. "We have a very strong relationship that nothing will weaken. I know that you sometimes get 'cock crazy' and have to experience it until you come to your senses. We have been through a lot, but there is a lot more ahead for us both." 

I make no apologies for liking sex, and the attention of men. Perhaps I am like other women, but I feel that the term "slut" is very gender specific. Are men sluts when the have sex with as many women as they can? Is Bob a slut? Is Tom? If men can't be labeled slut, then women shouldn't be labeled either.

Sex is a normal human function that brings pleasure to both parties engaged in the various sexual acts. Men like looking at women's bodies when they are nude or scantily dressed. Women can enjoy sex as much as men, we have sexual arousal just as men do when we are excited, or stimulated. Women enjoy their orgasm as much as men, so we shouldn't be denigrated because we like sex, attention, pleasure, etc.

So guys treat your lady well and respect her and you both can enjoy the adventure. Who knows, there may be a surprise along the way for you too.