 Chapter 8: Postscript

About a week after we got back from the weekend at the river on Bob's boat Marijean came up to me before school started. "Have you seen the paper today," she said, "Our friend Bob has been prompted. Mr. Harris made him Assistant District Superintendent yesterday."

"Who is Mr. Harris," I asked?

"Thomas J. Harris, the superintendent of the district we work for," she said.

"Better known as Tom," I asked?

"I don't know him at all so I don't know what he goes by," she said, "Why, do you know him?"

The only words I could hear running through my head were, "I'll pay you back when we get back home."

"I did meet a friend of Bob's named Tom during the long weekend," I said. "Seemed nice enough, though he never asked me what I did for a living."

"You fucked him, didn't you," Marijean asked? "You either fucked him, or let him watch you and Bob or your husband fuck, so now Bob get's the big payback."

"Honey," I said, "I fucked them all, even my husband."

"You are such a slut girl, tell me more," Marijean said.

"What do you want to know," I asked?

"Everything, come on, spill it girl," she said.

"I don't have time to give you a running commentary," I said. "I loved the way Bob's cock felt, Tom was a pretty good fuck, and I found out that he is a tit man. He may be interested in those knockers of yours. Perhaps you can invite him and Bob to one of your parties."

"Is he a good fuck too," Marijean asked?

"Not as good as Bob or my husband, but he likes tit fucking," I said, "He shot quite a load between 'the girls.'"

"Hot," Marijean said.

"Yea, we, or I guess I should say I, spend most of the weekend either nude or wearing one of those suits I brought back from the Bahamas. Bob was a bit of an ass, at one point telling me that I had to fuck Bob or he wouldn't fuck me. I am somewhat ashamed to say that I actually did what he told me to. I really am fucked up sometimes. But God, the way that nasty uncircumcised prick of his feels, just drives me crazy," I went on.

"Where was all the fucking going on," Marijean asked, "did they just stand around the bed and take turns?"

"Nope, it was mostly all up on deck, right out there," I said.

"At the marina, you were fucking so people on the other boats could see too," she asked?

"No, no, we moved the boat to a small cove and anchored there, jut Bob and my husband and I. Tom showed up the next day," I said.

"I did fuck Bob in the sauna at the marina, but there was no one around," I said, "followed by a nice blow job in the morning. He comes quite a lot, I must say."

"I got a little excited and he did fist me also," I confessed.

"Fist, as in his hand," Marijean asked? "Did he get his whole hand in you?"

"Pretty much," I said, "felt a lot like Kelvin's horse dick.

"You are bad," she said. 

"I got a nice overall tan and attracted a few boaters," I said.

"Fuck them all too," she asked?

"No, just showed them my tits and gave them a few beers," I said.

"A few more fucks, yada yada, and the weekend was over," I said. "Enough," I said?

"Yea, I guess for now," she said.

"Oh, one more question, did you do your little trick with the condom on Tom, or Mr. Harris," Marijean asked? "Tony can't stop talking about how hot it was."

"Yea, I did," I confessed. "Everyone who is on the receiving end of it always enjoys it. Newer a complaint," I said proudly. 

"You do this often," Marijean asked?

"Nope, Bob was my first when he was fucking me on Zoo Road," I said. "Glad Tony enjoyed watching it. The guy spying on us, Bob and me, on Zoo Road seemed to enjoy it as well."

"Rumors were flying at the district office as to why Bob got this major promotion," Marijean said. "It seems like it was totally unexpected by the folks over there." "Now we know, thanks to Sharon's great tits and pussy Bob get's a huge raise and more authority and we get nothing."

"Don't be too sure," I said to Marijean with a smile.