 A couple of hours later we were underway along the St. Lawrence River on Bob's boat. We were heading out to a spot Bob knew where we could swim, go ashore for a walk, eat, sunbathe, or do anything we wanted. He promised it would be secluded. But considering the size of his boat I doubted we could get too close to the shore.

The scenery was beautiful along the river with all the small islands, some with single houses on them, some magnificent mansions and some completely unused. I asked Bob if there were any we could explore. "Not out here in the river, but there are a few on some of the smaller tributaries that feed into the main river," he said. "When we have done the tour of Bolt Castle, we'll head over into that area."

Bolt Castle is a monument to a rich man's love for his wife. He was the millionaire proprietor of the famous Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York; the castle was never finished because of the sudden death of his wife. The state has taken it over and has turned it into a magnificent tourist destination.

After our tour, we got back on Bob's boat and headed down river. "It may take us an hour or so, so if you and your husband want to change into your suits you can sun on the forward deck," Bob said.

I went below to change and my husband stayed above with Bob to chat and enjoy the scenery. I had brought along a couple of bikinis so I pulled them all out of my bag. I settled on the one that the bottom tied on either hip and the top barely covered my breasts. It was very small. I put on the bottom but decided not to put the top on.

When I came back on deck, I had the top in my hand and a towel held to mostly cover my breasts. "Do I need to wear the top," I asked Bob? 

"In my opinion no, but the river patrol might stop us if you don't have it on," he said. "I'll keep an eye out for them and tell you if I see them coming."

I thanked him and walked to the forward deck and spread the towel out and lay down on the deck. Bob and my husband were up on the flying bridge of the boat, so I knew they could both see my every move. I applied lotion liberally to my body, glancing in Bob's direction and smiling as I paid special attention to my full breasts. Bob watched intently and smiled as I caressed them with the sensual lotion and lay back onto the deck.

After about 30 minutes the boat suddenly slowed and we came to a stop. I got up and walked, with my towel almost covering my breasts, to the ladder taking me up to the bridge where Bob and my husband were. We were about 100 years off a small island.

I stood between my husband and Bob as we came to a stop and my husband went down to the deck to drop the anchor at Bob's command. Soon we were safely anchored and my husband returned to the bridge. We stood there enjoying the view when I heard a couple of boats getting nearer. The boats had a couple of guys each on board and I waved as the motored slowly around us for a few moments.

While I was raising my arms to wave, I felt my towel being pulled away. I looked over and it was my husband. "Go ahead, show they what you've got," he said smiling. 

I let the towel pull way exposing my breasts and continued to wave. Once the guys realized I was topless the started waving and blowing their boat horns. Bob smiled and also waved. "You guys need some beer," Bob shouted.

"Sure thing man," someone shouted back. 

"Pull alongside and I'll send her down to get you the beer," Bob said.

I looked over at him, "That's might big of you," I said. "And if I don't want to go lean my tits over the side of your boat for the enjoyment of these guys?"

"Come on, you know you like the idea of it," he said.

I went below and got a six pack out of the refrigerator and went back up on deck.

I then went back to the swim platform at the back of the boat where Bob and my husband were waiting as the boats approached. I hopped down on the platform as the first boat approached. I handed the first guy a beer and he smiled, "You've got great tits," he said.

"If I had a dollar for every guy that ever told me that, I'd be a rich woman," I said smiling.

The second boat approached and I handed out beers to all the guys and gave one to my husband and to Bob. We stood there chatting for a few minutes with the guys. Someone asked how long we'd be anchored and Bob said, "Haven't really made up our minds as yet, this seems like a quiet place for the weekend."

"With her on board you may get a lot of company," someone said.

"She does attract a crowd," Bob said. 

With that the guys honked their boat horns and sped away.

My husband went below to change and Bob and I went to the forward deck where I was sunning earlier. I lay back down and Bob peeled off his shirt and lay next to me, with his head near my feet. My husband joined us a few minutes later and found a deck chair to sit in further forward. He moved the chair so that he was facing us.

We sat in the sun for a couple of hours, Bob lying next to me. After a while I felt his hand slowly caressing the inside of my thigh. Since he was close, I reached over and stroked the inside of his thigh. I felt his body twitch the first time I touched him.

At one point I felt Bob's hand move up my thigh to my belly. He left his hand on my belly for a couple of minutes then I felt his hand move across me to my hip. I felt a tug on the string that tied the bottom of my suit on one hip and felt it come loose.

A few moments later I noticed my husband getting up from his chair and walked over, he leaned down and untied the other side of my bikini bottom. He then reached out and tugged at the bottom. I lifted my hips slightly and felt the material slide away from my body. He stood up and tossed the material to Bob.

He looked over at me and said, "Hell, it isn't like he hasn't seen it before."

Bob put his hand back on my belly.

My husband went back to his chair. Before he sat down, he asked, "Anyone else want another drink?" He headed below to get a drink.

Bob's hand stayed still for a few minutes but then slowly moved toward my pussy. I opened my legs slightly so he could see my shaved cunt and so he could glide his fingers over the lips of my vagina. His fingers traced along the opening of my pussy and I felt myself start to tingle as Bob's fingers stroked me slowly. 

One finger slipped between my lips and parted me enough so that Bob could find my clit and start stroking it with his thumb. My excitement was building. I felt the warmth of the sun and the air on my skin.

While Bob was attending to my vagina, I slid my hand along his thigh and up the leg of his shorts. Bob wasn't wearing any underwear and soon I found his cock. It was starting to thicken already and I knew he'd soon have a beautiful fully erect cock for me. I felt him fumble with one hand to get his shorts unbuttoned and unzipped, while his other hand never left my pussy.

After a few moments I sat up and helped Bob off with his shorts. His rod was magnificent, thick and standing straight up at full attention. I lay back down and reached over to wrap my hand around it and began stroking it slowly. I could feel the intense heat of his prick and its extreme hardness.

Bob moved his hand back to my pussy and continued to stroke my lips. His finger again parted my lips and his thumb found my clit. I was getting more and more excited as Bob continued to caress the folds of my cunt.

Bob and I lay there, my hand around his shaft and his fingers exploring my vagina. At some point Bob inserted a couple of fingers into me and I moaned at the pleasure of penetration.

My husband returned with a folded towel in his hand. He walked over to us as said, "Lift your ass honey, so I can put this under you."

I lifted slightly and he slid the towel under me. It raised and tilted my hips back.

Bob pulled his fingers from my cunt, got quickly up on his knees and move to a position between my splayed legs. He placed one hand on my belly and was holding his prink in his other hand.

He moved to me and rubbed the head of his cock over the lips of my vagina. My body tingled when I felt the heat of his cock touch me. He burrowed his cock between the folds of my cunt and I felt the thickness of his prick push into me slowly. I looked over to see that my husband was watching our every move intently. From where he was sitting he could watch as I took Bob's cock.

Bob moaned, "Oh, yea this is tight," as he entered me slowly. Slowly but surely he filled my vagina completely with his cock until I felt his balls slide against my ass. Once he was completely he stopped and lay still for a few seconds enjoying the way my pussy was his to enjoy.

I felt that sensation of Bob's thick un-circumcised cock filling my cunt. I lifted my hips slightly to allow him full penetration of my vagina and wrapped one leg around his waist to urge him on. "Fuck me, fuck me baby, fuck me," I moaned as Bob started pumping his dick in and out of me. 

"Oh yea baby, this is what I like," Bob said as he fucked me deeply with each thrust.

I lay back in pleasure as Bob fucked me completely enjoying my cunt. I wanted to let him know how much I loved the sensation he was giving me by clamping my vagina tight around his thick shaft. He moaned as I clenched tight around his shaft.

"Oh God, your cock is so good, fuck me, use me, fill me with your jism," I moaned with each of Bob's full thrusts. He was fucking me vigorously and I felt my big tits sway back and forth with each thrust.

Each deep thrust of Bob's rock hard cock brought me closer and closer to my orgasm; I could feel it building rapidly. I reached up to cup my tits as they were swaying with rhythm of Bob's deep thrusts. My nipples were hard and I pinched them between my thumb and forefinger to heighten my pleasure. Several more deep thrust from Bob brought me over the edge and I felt pleasure wave throughout every nerve of my body. It was like an electric shock as I spasmed and spasmed as Bob continued his assault on my cunt. 

Tears of pleasure were running down my cheeks as I came from the beautiful, intense fucking this man was giving me. I knew my husband was watching, but I didn't care. I wasn't his wife at that moment, but a woman being fucked by a man who was pleasuring her more than any man had ever pleasured her before.

As my orgasm subsided, I could feel the intensity and the depth of Bob's thrusts increase. His cock felt even hotter and it got even thicker moments before I felt pulse after pulse fill me with an intensely warm flow. The first pulse was intensely violent and powerful followed by additional pulse of his sperm filling my vagina to the point of overflowing. Though I gripped his shaft as tightly as I could so as not to lose any of this man's precious sperm, I felt the warm liquid ooze from my well fucked cunt.

When his jism stopped flowing into me, Bob collapsed onto me. We lay there for several minutes lost in the complete pleasure we had just given each other.

I was too enraptured with the pleasure this man was giving me with his cock to pay any attention to what was going on. Bob never slowed his pace or gave me any indication that anything was happening, but later I learned from my husband that several boats passing by slowed to watch Bob and I fuck.

As Bob's cock began to deflate inside me as slowly slip from me, I hugged him and whispered, "I love it when you fuck me," to him. Bob pulled himself up to a keeling position and looked over at my husband, "You want some," he said.

I sat bolt upright and scowled at Bob, "Who the fuck do you think you are offering my cunt to anyone? I'm the one who chooses who I'll fuck and when, and right now it isn't him," I said.

"Sorry," Bob said, "I just figured that he is your husband and..."

"And nothing," I screamed. "He got to watch and that is all he's getting."

I got up and walked to the back of the boat and stood on the swim platform for a few moments. I was so pissed at Bob for offering me up like a common whore. He has quite a nerve to think that I am going to fuck someone just because he says I should.

I sat on the swim platform with my legs dangling in the cold river water. I watched as a boat approached. I thought I had better go get my robe and let Bob know they were coming. I walked back to the forward deck and picked up my suit bottom and tied it back on. "There is a boat that seems to be coming this way," I said and picked up a towel and went back to the aft deck. 

Bob came down to the swim platform to watch the boat approaching. I was sitting in a chair nearby reading a book. "You might want to cover up, it may be the river patrol," he said.

I didn't move to do anything. As the boat got closer Bob seemed to recognize the boat and started waving.

The boat pulled up to the aft platform and Bob helped the guy on the boat tie up. "Glad you could make it," Bob said.

"It was easy to find you, you seem to like this spot," the guy said.

"Quiet, secluded, best place on the river," Bob said. "Sharon, come over here and meet Tom. I work with him."

I was still annoyed with Bob, so I figured I'd show off and flirt a bit. Topless I got up and walked over where Bob and Tom were standing.

"Well, hello," Tom said as he saw me.

"Tom, this is Sharon, Sharon this is Tom," Bob said.

"Nice to meet you Tom," I said reaching out my hand to him. Tom took my hand and instead of shaking it, he moved it to his mouth and kissed the back of my hand.

"It is my pleasure," Tom said gallantly. "So where do you know Bob from," he asked?

"I met him at a party," I said coyly.

"Sorry I missed that party," Tom said.

"Yes, I'm sure you are," I said. "But you're here now."

Bob smiled and helped Tom with his bag. "Are you her just for the day or can you stay over," he said to Tom.

"If you've got room and don't mind the extra person, I can stay over," Tom said, smiling at me and giving me a once over. I could tell that he liked what he saw.

After Bob stowed Tom's bag below and brought him a beer, we went forward. Tom looked surprised when he saw my husband reading. Bob introduced Tom to my husband, and they made small talk as I spread out my beach towel.

"I hear you and Sharon met Bob at a party," Tom said. "Bob always get invited to the parties with the most beautiful women," again staring in my direction.

"Hope her sunning doesn't offend you," my husband said to Tom.

"Not at all," Tom said, "I just hope my staring at her doesn't offend her. She is simply beautiful."

"Yes, she is," I heard Bob say as my husband simply nodded having been beaten to a reply by Bob.

"Thank you all," I said. "You can talk to me too," I said.

"We are being rude," Tom said he moved over closer to me and pulled up a chair.

"Bob, can you get me another beer," Tom asked holding his empty out.

"I'll get it for you," my husband said and headed below.

"So," Tom asked, "where did Bob really meet you?"

"If you must know, it was at Culver Ridge," I said, "he commented on my tits."

"Oh yes, my friend her thinks he has a way with the ladies, Tom said, "I hope you taught him a lesson for being so crude. 

"Yes, yes she did," Bob said with a smirk.

"So you're the Sharon that our indiscrete friend here told me about. But I thought that was last summer sometime," Tom said.

"It was," Bob stammered, "but we reconnected at a party Marijean and Tony had a few weeks back now."

"By reconnected," Tom asked, "well, we'll just say it was an excitiong reunion."

"Very," Bob and I both said at the same time.

By then my husband had returned with Tom's drink. Bob offered to get me something and went below as we made small talk. For some reason Tom never asked me what I did for a living, but I was going to be honest with him is he had asked.

He and my husband chatted for a few minutes then Tom went below to change so we could enjoy the day. "Someone else for you to fuck," my husband asked?

"Maybe, maybe not, we'll see how things work out," I said. "Either way, it will be my decision."

"It always is," my husband said.

To be continued...