 Hi, I'm Shauna. I'm here to tell you the story of the best fucks I ever had in my life! In case you didn't know, I have a good body and a cute pussy, which I love showing off! On the day that this story takes place I had left home early to go shopping for a new bed. My old bed was worn out (from too much humping, one of my man-friends suggested!) so I went to the store near my house and started looking. All those lovely beds! There were dozens of them. The young man who came to serve me was called Grant and he was a hunk! He looked like he worked out at the gym and I couldn't help admiring his body, so I stared him up and down at the same time as he was checking out my generous tits. Since I wore no bra, and since my cotton boob tube was almost see-through, I guess he must have got a good eyeful. 

'Can I help you, miss?' He asked politely, tearing his eyes off my tits. They were cornflower blue, beautiful eyes that suited his light brown hair.

'I'm looking for a new bed.' I informed him, gesturing vaguely at the large, king size ensemble nearby.

'Certainly. And that is a good one right there.' he replied, nodding his head at the same bed. 'Hop on and try it, you will find it is very comfortable.'

I approached the bed and bent forward, pressing down with my hands to feel its softness. I was conscious of my skirt riding high up my thighs and glanced in the mirror of the dresser on the other side of the bed. It gave me a weird view. Apparently there was another dresser behind the young salesman, and behind me, so I could see him perving on my legs, his eyes running up their length and trying to duck under my skirt. Behind him, in the other mirror, I saw that I was revealing the swell of my buttocks that just peeped from beneath my skirt. I smiled as I noticed the lump in his trousers that was growing as I watched, and I decided there and then I would 'make his day'. 

'It is lovely and soft.' I said in a conversational tone as I leaned forward a bit more and bent down further to reach a new spot in the bed. This caused my skirt to ride right up above my arse giving him a full view of my goodies. I don't normally wear panties either and I could see my shaved pussy in the other mirror as it revealed itself to the boy. His mouth came open and his eyes bored into my beaver. I turned my head slightly and smiled at him.

'Why don't you pet it?' I asked. He walked forward in a daze and placed a hand on my arse, his middle finger probing into my twat. I could feel myself juice up as his finger probed my love tunnel.

'Yes. That's it. Finger fuck me, young stallion.' I gasped as he began rhythmically moving his digit in and out of my pussy. I spread my legs, opening my gap wider and he shoved another two fingers into my hole which was now wet with desire. I watched his ministrations in the mirror and that made me horny as hell, watching his fingers dipping in and out of my pussy, stretching the lips wide, showing me my wide and generous gash as I'd never seen it before.

After a few strokes like this he withdrew his hand and, with a small groan, he bent forward and buried his face between the cheeks of my arse, his tongue sliding quickly into my fanny, licking furiously at the juices that were now dripping from my eager snatch.

Suddenly we were both lying on the bed and I reached down with one hand, undid his trousers and withdrew his young, strong cock that was as hard as iron. I stroked it a few times delighted at its warmth, feeling it pulse beneath my fingers. He groaned and his tongue moved even more busily licking in and out of my hole, flicking around and over my clit. I began tugging him off, my other hand cupping his vibrant balls as my lips sought his swollen knob. Quickly I slid his cock deep into my mouth, feeling his hot knob tickling the back of my throat as I began working my lips back and forth up and down his shaft. He was groaning wildly, still licking my cunt and I could feel his fingers playing with my arse, rubbing my tight back hole. Suddenly we were interrupted as a voice sounded angrily right next to the bed:

"What the fuck is going on here?"

I let Grant's cock slide out of my mouth and felt his face leave my groin as he looked up to see who was intruding. Glancing around Grant's hips I saw a man dressed in suit and tie, probably in his mid forties, although still quite presentable. He was scowling fiercely and it was obvious to me that he was the boss!

"Pickering! You're supposed to be selling the customers beds, not fucking them on the beds. What is the meaning of this?"

It was rescue time. Pickering, Grant as he had introduced himself to me, had rolled off to one side and I now lay with my cunt bared to the boss who was trying his damnedest not to look at it. 

"Hey, cut the boy some slack." I said in my best voice. He looked at me then and I saw his eyes rove quickly over my exposed Mickey before centring on my face.

"Who are you, miss?" He demanded.

"I'm Shauna. It's all my fault. You see, I was feeling that horny, and I was flashing my fanny in the young lad's face. Well, he had no choice, really, but to fuck me..."

I paused and looked at his trousers noticing that a huge bulge was growing in them.

"My, it seems you could use some of my medicine." I observed.

"Well, I must admit you certainly look very fuckable like that, on the bed." He walked towards me until I was within reach and then he gently placed a hand between my wide-spread legs, inserting a thick finger into my twat. I raised my hips forcing the finger in as deep as I could while at the same time reaching for his zipper, pulling it down and releasing his great fat horn.

"What's your name, big boy?" I whispered as I started slowly masturbating him.

"Roger miss..." He answered.

"Well Roger. Why don't you join us? I think I can swallow your salami while Grant services my pussy. How's that sound?"

"Sounds great!" he replied.

It wasn't long before I was on my knees, head buried in Roger's lap, sucking on his dick while Grant knelt behind me and rammed his cock up my fanny as tight as he could. We got a rhythm going and I could feel the boss's cock throbbing as it thrust back and forth in my mouth while I caressed it with my tongue. It was when I came up for breath that I noticed we weren't alone anymore. The mirror on one side of the bed showed me that a young woman of my own age was standing some distance away, partly hidden by a wardrobe. She was watching me being pleasured by the two men and I saw her hand was down the front of her panties, rubbing at her clit in small, circular motions. I smiled in the mirror as she looked at my reflection watching her.

"Don't be bashful. Come and join us" I said. She hesitated a few moments and a thoughtful look passed across her face. "Why not?" she said, tearing at her clothes as she moved towards the bed.

Grant looked around just as she was unfettering her large, full breasts and he saw them plop into view. 

"Why, Ms Moliccini. You have magnificent tits!" he exclaimed. She grinned at him as she stripped the rest of her clothing off, revealing a dark bushy thatch that surrounded her juicy red cunt. She was obviously of Italian extraction , a genuine Mediterranean beauty.

"Call me Gina, Grant, and give me some of your cock before you wear it out on the blonde."

"I'm Shauna." I said, still hanging onto Roger's dick, stretching it up to its limit in salute to the Italian beauty. Grant withdrew his throbbing cock from the depths of my twat and Gina grasped it in long, well manicured fingers, working it gently, bringing her red painted lips down lovingly upon it. I returned Roger's shaft into my mouth and began working on him. We were sort of situated so we faced towards each other and I could look right up Gina's hairy box in the mirror, and I knew Gina could see my hairless love hole in her mirror. I watched her working on Grant's shaft for a minute, glancing in the mirror at her invitingly pink fanny. I reached cautiously across and touched her clit, rubbing it gently with my finger . She wriggled her arse and moaned in pleasure, working on Grant even faster as I moved my finger into her. Her dark eyes opened wide, both in surprise and pleasure as I plumbed her depths. Instantly she came. I felt her juices pouring over my digit as her cunt became wet and slippery, so I inserted more fingers and began finger-fucking her furiously. She, in turn began bobbing energetically on Grant's cock until he screamed in pleasure. Gina let his pulsing organ slip from her mouth, hanging on to it in her slender fingers as she turned around so her face was near mine, and she whispered in my ear; "I've never been fucked by a woman before...and I like it!" With that, she slid down, raising her pussy high in the air, and began licking at my cunt with her long, smooth tongue, sending tingles of pleasure trilling through my body. Roger moved behind her and inserted his huge penis deep into her tunnel and began fucking her hard from behind while she licked me out. Poor Grant was left out of it at this stage, so I beckoned him near and whispered in his ear; "Help Gina and I'll suck you dry while you do it. Eagerly he lay over me, his cock searching for my mouth. I could still see it all in one of the mirrors.

Grant pushed his face next to Gina's and began licking at my clit while Gina's tongue dove in and out of my love hole. I was sucking hard on his cock and licking at his balls, feeling the thumps as Gina was pushed forward by Roger's humping. That was when I came. I felt cum gushing out, drenching Gina's tongue. She licked at it greedily until I subsided, then she kissed Grant long and deep, letting him taste it too. That was too much for him and he blew his load deep in my throat, pumping jets of jizm with amazing force and it was all I could do to swallow it. Roger plunged into Gina and froze as he too began pumping his load. Gina groaned and looked heavenwards as his wad shot deep into her marvellous twat while, at the same instant, she, too, came in shuddering waves.

Well, it seemed like the boys needed some time out whilst I and Gina were feeling hornier than ever. I could tell she was by the way she was ogling my body, licking her sensuous lips and fingering her cunt, working her little button into a frenzy. As the two men lay back, I reached over and hugged Gina, pulling her in close. She pressed her face to mine and we kissed. Her tongue sought entrance between my lips and I opened my mouth to let her in; we explored each other with our tongues while our passions rose. I felt that familiar electrical tingling I always get when I get sexcited and I began rubbing my tits against Gina's. Hers were enormous. Big and firm with nipples the size of thumbs. I felt them go hard against me and Gina moved. She placed one leg under mine and one over, then slid down until our cunts were pressed together. Breathing heavily she began to gyrate her body and I felt her soft vaginal lips kissing mine, rubbing a mixture of Gina's and Roger's cum into my hole. I could feel it, still warm, trickling from the depths of her love tunnel and into mine. We were still kissing deeply and writhing together when I stole a glance into a mirror. Roger was kneeling, watching us fanny-fuck. His expression was one of excitement and he had his cock in hand, jerking himself off furiously. Grant also had a new horn and was lying on his back rubbing his balls gently. I slid down the bed until my face was buried between Gina's legs. My tongue searched her cunt, licking out the rest of the cream while she clasped her legs and arms around my head, calling out; "Yes. Yes. Oooh yes." 

That was enough for Roger and he crept behind me, plunging his meat deep into my soaking wet cunt, fucking me as hard as he could. Gina had stretched out, reached over and grabbed Grant by the cock and was tugging at him, edging him over towards her. He rolled onto his knees, straddling her, placing his balls between her tits, his throbbing piston inches from her chin. Her tongue snaked out, licking across the top of his knob while her long, slender fingers kept stroking him off. I saw her other hand reach under him and her finger caressed his asshole, working its way into that dark pit. She was looking for that special pressure point. My own attention was attracted to Roger, who was still pounding at my pussy with vigour. He had worked his fingers into my twat to wet them and was now working on my brown button, opening it with gentle, deft strokes. I'd never been fucked there before and I awaited it in excited anticipation as I felt his cock slide out of my cunt and position against the brown hole. He thrust it in. There was a fleeting moment of tearing pain as his swollen member entered me, then ecstasy as he pounded into me with his hot rod. Roger had worked several fingers into my cunt and I could feel the thrust in both holes as he continued to give me a fucking I'd never before experienced. My glazed eyes were upon Gina and Grant. I watched as her finger burrowed deeply into his arse, feeling for a special spot. She found it and pressed gently at the same time increasing her speed on the strokes. I was amazed at the load that shot from Grant. He cried out, arched his back and released a stream of jizm that arched up into the air, falling down to splash across Gina's mouth, her nose, her eyes. She moved her head from side to side, mouth open, tongue out, trying to catch every drop while Grant kept gushing until he was drained. I came then. It felt like buckets as I poured my warm juices into Roger's hand. He pulled his cock from my arse and quickly crawled beside my head which still lay near Gina's pussy. I made room for him and watched at close range as his throbber sunk into her cunt. My face was only an inch or so away as I watched him fuck Gina with long, even strokes. Measuring his rhythm, I managed to get my face close enough to join in, flicking out my tongue and licking at his balls and his exposed shaft on the back stroke. A few times he even stopped so I could work my tongue in past his shaft, sinking into Gina's lovely warm twat. It was on one of these moments that he came and his semen exploded hotly across my tongue. He withdrew his cock, but I grabbed it and began licking him and Gina clean, sharing my tongue between her wet pussy and his damp shaft until I had cleaned away all the spunk and pussy juices.

We had all fucked ourselves to a standstill and, by mutual agreement, we rolled off the bed and dressed again, congratulating each other on our performance. Addresses and telephone numbers were exchanged for future reference and everyone agreed that it had been the best fuck they'd ever had.

Naturally, I bought the bed.

SHAUNA & GINA GET IT ON!

* * * * *

Nearly a week had gone by since that super day at the store when, one evening, the telephone rang. 

"Hi, Shauna here." I said, answering its insistent ringing.

"Hello, Shauna. Its Gina."

"Gina! How nice to here from you. What's happening?" I felt a tingle in my groin as I imagined her huge tits with those luscious big nipples and her sweet tasting pussy. I hadn't had a fuck since the day in the store and I guess I was feeling randy again.

"I just rang to see what you were doing tonight." Gina replied. "I thought perhaps you'd like to come over for the evening."

Well. It was like she had read my mind or something.

"Sure. Love to. Just you and me?" I asked, knowing she'd know what I meant.

"No." She replied.

"There's others? Who else will be there?"

"It's a surprise. Come on over." Gina sounded excited as well as mysterious. She hung up and I listened to the burring of the disconnect signal for few minutes as I thought over the conversation.

Hanging up the phone, I went quickly to the bathroom and ran a shower, undressing as the water cascaded in the cubicle. I stepped under the hot stream and soaped my tits lavishly, caressing the nipples until they responded, popping up like they were inflatable. Gina's hairy pussy came into my mind and I pushed the bar of soap between my legs, giving my slit a good lather. I could feel the soap sliding between my pussy lips, probing at my love hole and I pushed it harder actually managing to slide it up a good way. Massaging my tits with one hand I masturbated with the soap, eyes closed, thinking of Gina's delightful body.

Gina's house wasn't too far away and within thirty minutes of the telephone call, I was knocking on the door. Gina answered, dressed in a very brief nightie with a housecoat pulled over her shoulders.

"Come in, Shauna." She stepped back, waving her hand invitingly, and I stepped into her house. She closed the door before throwing her arms around me, kissing me full on the mouth. I felt her tongue probing for entry. I let her enter and we tongue kissed deeply for a long while.

Finally pulling away, she took my hand, leading me into her lounge room.

"There's someone I'd like you to meet." She said as she dragged me though the arch. Sitting on the settee was a man. He was tall, about six foot two, obviously Italian and handsome. His body was like Stallone's with rippling muscle while his teeth showed almost dazzling white as he grinned.

"Hi. You must be Shauna. Gina's been telling me about you." 

I offered my hand for him to shake, but he took it and kissed my fingers in the continental way.

"Shauna, meet my husband, Tony." Gina said, her hand still in mine. "I told him about our adventure in the store the other day."

"What, everything?" I blurted out, thinking back on Gina propped with her cunt in the air, tugging Grant off until he nearly drowned her in cum while Roger fucked her stupid. 

Gina nodded and reached with her free hand, cupping my boob, gently rubbing at my nipple with her fingers. "Everything. Tony was so excited while I told the story that he hand-fucked himself while I described it and blew his load all over my tits." Gina chuckled while Tony smiled again.

"He wanted to see us together, Shauna. Do you mind?"

I looked at the huge bulge in his track suit pants and shook my head.

"Cool with me." I murmured and, cupping her breast, I kissed her again, thrusting my tongue deeply into her mouth. She responded, kneading my tit excitedly while her other hand snaked down between my legs, her fingers pushing between my fanny lips, seeking the warm well of my cunt. I spread my legs and let her in, feeling her slender finger working her way deep. We played with each other for a few moments, my hand finding her hairy love hole and working into it, thrusting my finger into her in rhythm with her thrusting into mine. We were both panting with excitement when we undressed, each hurrying, each helping the other off with clothes until we were naked. I fell back onto the carpet, spreading my legs as wide as I could, ankles high in the air.

"Oooh Gina! Sixty-nine me, lover. Let me eat out your cunt while you are eating out mine." My juices were already flowing and my nipples were so tight, they hurt. Then Gina's darkly hairy cunt eclipsed the room and her wonderful juicy pussy clamped over my mouth. 

"Lick me, lover." Gina said as her face buried itself into my pussy.

I felt her tongue flicking around my clit as I entered her; drank her sweet juices and probed as deep as I could. She began contracting her cunt muscles, sucking at my tongue, making it feel as if it were tearing loose at the roots. Feverishly we kept working at each other's pussies until I felt Gina cum.

"Aaah!" She gasped, arching her back.

Thick, gushing cum washed over my tongue and I swallowed as fast as she could pour it into my mouth. I exploded into her mouth, drowning her with my own love tide until we both subsided and rolled apart. That was when I remembered we had someone else in the room who had not joined in.
