 As soon as my husband returned, I couldn't wait to tell him about my adventure with Colin. My husband understands my needs and desires and he was quite excited as I told him the events of the day. 

"Three times! He made you come three times before he came himself," he said. "I give up, I'll just leave you here and come and visit occasionally. I can't compete with a guy who can make you come three times," he joked. 

"Maybe not," I said, but I love the way you try," I said. 

We talked about it while we were getting dressed to head over to the restaurant at the resort hotel. I figured that no one knew me there, so I wore one of the sexiest dresses I have, very tight and short. Even my husband stared when he saw me in it. 

There was, however, a bit of a problem, this dress really wasn't meant to wear when sitting down. The only way to get into the golf cart was to pull it up to my waist, leaving my thong panties and ass completely exposed.

Who says women don't "suffer" to look good. 

I got several looks at the hotel when I emerged from the gulf cart, but pulled the dress down when I stood up. We went into the restaurant and were told we'd have to wait at the bar until our reservation was ready. Lots of guys and couples were at the bar and I felt like I was nude the way most of the men were staring at me. 

We ordered a drink and stood at the bar chatting. One of the guys down the bar kept staring and staring. 

After about 5-10 minutes he came over and said to us, "are you folks staying at the hotel?"

We explained that we were renting a house about a mile down the beach.

He kept staring and later said, "Have you been on the island long?"

My husband told him that him, and by now, a couple of other guys joined us at the bar, that we had been on the island a few days and were enjoying the scenery and the beach. 

"Your wife looks familiar," said one of the guys, "I could swear I've seen her somewhere." 

"Well, this is our first visit to the hotel," my husband said. Jokingly he also said, "If you can believe it, she wears even less on the beach."

"The beach, of course, that is where I saw her," the one guy said. 

"Which beach," my husband said, "we have only been to one beach beside the one outside the house." 

"It was at," and he named the beach that really didn't mean anything to my husband or myself. "We really don't know the names of the beaches on the island," my husband said. "This one was kind of north from here." 

"Yea, that's the one," the guy said, "the nude beach." 

"Yea, we were there," my husband said. "I'll never forget seeing you two, but when I saw you there were three of you," he said. 

We both knew exactly what he was talking about, but luckily our reservation was called and we said had to leave. 

When we got to the table there was only a small table cloth covering the table. I was hoping for a longer one so I wouldn't have to sit in the restaurant with my pussy and ass almost completely exposed. "Oh well," I thought to myself, "No one here knows me," and hiked up my skirt and sat down. 

It was a lovely meal and we got great service from the waiters. The maître d' even stopped by the table and chatted, though he spent most of his time staring at my barely covered pussy. When we were finished, the manager insisted on giving us a free desert. 

When we asked for the check, the waiter said, "Oh the dinner is on those gentlemen," pointing to a group of guys directly across from us.

I smiled over at them and mouthed "thank you" to them. I got up slowly so they could get a good glimpse of my thong, turned to retrieve my bag so that they could see that the thong fully exposed my ass, and turned back and then slowly pulled my dress down to cover myself. My husband and I walked over to their table and I bent over to give them a good view of my cleavage and said to them all, "Thank you, gentlemen that was very kind of you." 

"Perhaps you should have offered to give them blow jobs," my husband said chuckling. 

"A little glimpse of pussy was all they're getting," I said. I then whispered to my husband, "You may be luckier than those guys, and you didn't even have to pay for dinner." 

When we got home I immediately peeled off my dress and walked out to the tanning platform by the pool. Wearing only my heels and a thong, I called to my husband to join me. He came out with a towel wrapped around his waist. "Aren't we shy," I teased. 

"I was going to take a dip, and then maybe go into the pool," he joked.

"Mr. Seduction, "I said. "Do you want me to lie down or are you going to fuck me standing up?" 

"How did Colin fuck you," he said.

I slowly moved over to the tanning platform. I reached down and peeled off my thong and then got on my knees on the platform and lowered my head to the pillow. "You figure it out," I said. 

He dropped his towel and quickly I saw his cock thicken with excitement. His hand grasped his cock and he moved to a position behind me. Not wasting any time I felt his press his cock to my cunt and quickly penetrate me. His cock felt comfortable and familiar. 

I love this man and I love the sex we have together. Familiar is good, but I often like the excitement, sensations, and differences other men bring to sex. 

I pushed back against my husband's cock and he slowly started pumping in and out of my eager pussy. He placed both hands on my hips and started fucking me vigorously. 

"Oh yea, baby, that feels so good," I said. "Fuck me." 

He needed no encouragement. Deeply into me went his cock, it is smaller than a lot of the men that have fucked me, but it felt good none the less. 

He reached around to cup my breast as he stroked in and out of me. His hands felt good on my body and he caressed the fullness of my tit while he continued to fuck me eagerly.

He was excited and breathing hard; I felt his cock thicken and throb once or twice then felt him shoot his load deep inside me. He, like it seems all men that fuck me, pushed his cock as far in as he could while he emptied his balls into my cunt. 

I grasped at the shaft with my vaginal muscles to milk him dry and he continued to shoot his load into me. I could soon feel his spurting subside and could feel his beautiful cock going limp. He left a trail of sperm and my lubricant down my ass as his slippery cock slipped from my cunt. We collapsed onto the platform and lay there next to each other. 

I leaned over, kissed him and said, "You do know how much I love you for all you let me do, don't you?" "Yea, I do," he said. After a few moments he joked, "So, you came four times just now, right?"

"Oh, at least four, maybe even five. I was so swept up in out lust that I lost track," I joked.

We lay there holding each other and enjoying the beautiful surroundings for about another half an hour before we went inside and to bed. 

The next day we went into the village to get some supplies and I needed to buy another swimsuit to replace the one that Colin broke. We bought some wine and I tried on a couple of suits and teased a few of the tourists in the shop by leaving the curtain not quite closed while I changed. Got a lot of smiles when I walked out of the changing area to check what I looked like in the mirrors. We finished shopping and had a quick lunch and were just heading back when we heard, "Hello you two."

Colin was driving past and saw us as we were walking to our golf cart for the trip back home. "How are you lov," he said looking directly at me. 

"I'm fine on this glorious day," I said, "And how are you." I knew the answer without asking because Colin was staring deeply into my eyes.

We chatted for a few more moments, and Colin said, "Well, if you aren't doing anything this afternoon, walk down to my house and we'll have a drink or something." 

"I'm about a quarter mile in the other direction from the way we walked before," he said. 

On the short drive back my husband looked over at me and said, "We both know what will happen if we go over to Colin's this afternoon." 

"And how do you feel about the possibilities," I asked? 

"You tell me honey," he said. 

"Well, I am a bit intrigued by Colin. Perhaps it is just an infatuation, but it is an exciting way to spend some time," I said.

"Can I bring my camera," he said with a leer.

About an hour later we walked down the beach toward Colin's house. When we got there we realized that calling it a house was a vast understatement. It was a huge beach mansion. A huge house, huge pool, huge garden in a courtyard off the back of the home. Three stories, large rooms, gourmet kitchen, and a Land Rover parked in the garage. 

Colin greeted us at the beach and gave us the tour of the place. We had a drink and chatted for a while, I went in to change so we could enjoy the pool and the area around the pool. 

I came back topless and said to Colin, "I hope you don't mind, but you've already seen them, so it is no big secret that I have tits." 

"You have gorgeous tits and I am happy that you are comfortable enough around me to go topless. As I said the other day, tits like yours should never be covered." 

Colin went in to change also and came back in his usual Speedo. The outline of his massive cock was quite visible. We chatted for a few more minutes, Colin got us all a drink, and then we went to the hot tub for a soak. 

While we were relaxing in the spa, Colin said to my husband, "Do you remember what I said the other day?" 

"I don't recall, but refresh my memory," my husband said.

"You asked me if I wanted to fuck your wife now or later. My answer was that yes, I wanted to fuck her now and later. This can be the later we spoke about, wouldn't you agree," said Colin. 

"From what I understand, later was yesterday afternoon," my husband said.

"Yes, right that was a wonderful way to spend the afternoon, we missed you," said Colin.

I was getting turned on by Colin's sexual magnetisms. Here was a man who fucked me in front of my husband, who had fucked me while my husband was away, and now was telling my husband that he wanted to fuck me again.

"I understand that you and Sharon had quite the session yesterday," my husband said. 

"Hope you didn't mind, my friend, but Sharon looked so lovely and Willie just sort of took over. The next thing I recall is filling her sweet cunt with everything I've got," said Colin.

"She is quite a fuck," said my husband, "I only wish I had been there to watch her enjoy the workout you gave her."

"Yes, yes, it was quite an enjoyable couple of hours," Colin said. "Hope you aren't the jealous type, but you do know your lovely wife is an excellent sex partner, what the hell, I'm not going to dance around this – she is a great fuck."

"If I was the jealous type, we wouldn't be here today," my husband said. "You treated my lovely wife to three massive orgasms, so we are here to enjoy some of your hospitality and to have you fuck her again, this time so I can watch and join in." 

With that, my husband walked to the edge of the pool, stripped off his swimsuit and sat on the edge. Colin peeled off his suit and sat down next to my husband. I slid off the bottom of my suit and dove into the pool. I walked back to where they were sitting, and, standing between them took Colin's cock in my left hand and my husband's in my right. 

"Let's see, where to start," I said.

My husband again looked over at Colin's massive dick and said, "Don't be coy honey, you have always been a size queen. We both know which is going to get your first attention."

"Don't be so sure," I said. "Both of you have told me that I feel tight to your cocks. I have a very elastic pussy but can take both of you to your balls." "Colin's cock is larger, and we are guests in his home, so maybe I should start with him." 

"Just what I figured," my husband said.

I let go of my husband's cock and moved over in front of Colin. I took both my hands and cupped his huge balls and hefted them. They filled my hands and were very heavy. I then took my hands and hefted his massive, but still flaccid cock. I wrapped both hands around it and stroked it slowly. I could feel the heat in his cock building as it grew longer and thicker. I lowered my mouth and encircled the large head of his cock with, flicking my tongue around the ridge. I stroked him and sucked him eagerly for a few moments. I stopped sucking, raised my head from his cock, and said, "Let's find someplace more comfortable." 

I walked to the pool stairs and walked up to Colin's tanning platform and lay down. Colin and my husband followed me over. "I have a king size bed, we can be comfortable inside," Colin said.

"I thought you liked outdoor sex," I said to him.

"Sex with you anywhere is high on my list," he said.

"Let's go take a look." Colin helped me up and we went in through the sliding glass doors. His bedroom was huge and so was the bed. I lay down, and stretched out after Colin pulled the covers off the bed. There was a huge expanse of what felt like very expensive white sheets and I was on my back in the middle of them. The both joined me on the bed; Colin's hand went quickly to my pussy.

"I must say Sharon," he said, "You have the prettiest pussy I have seen." His hand was slowly tracing down my body from my belly to my vagina. 

My husband was caressing my tits and cupping their volume with his hands. I arched my back to push my hardening nipples to his palms as he made small circles. He reached over and grabbed one nipple between his thumb and forefinger and punched somewhat roughly. I moaned with a bit of pain and pleasure.

Colin's fingers were stroking my pussy and I opened my legs to allow him access. His fingers traced the outline of my vagina. I felt a quiver through my body as I felt a finger slowly open the lips of my cunt and start to probe me. I felt his thick finger slide up and down just inside the opening and push slowly deeper and deeper inside.

While Colin was starting to finger me, I felt my husband move to straddle me and put his hard cock between my tits. His hands pushed my tits together around his cock and he slowly began tit fucking me. His cock slid between my tits slowly at first, but he pushed them together harder and began to pick up speed. 

Colin moved slowly to a position where he could replace his fingers with his tongue. I felt a charge of electricity course through me when his tongue touched my cunt lips. He was laying on his belly with his head between my legs his tongue lapping at my moistening pussy. His fingers parted my lips to allow deeper access to my cunt. I spread my legs even further and pulled my knees up so Colin had complete access to my cunt. When my husband realized what Colin was doing he stopped tit fucking me and rolled off me to lie next to me. He watched Colin lapping at my pussy for a few minutes, and then he rolled over and kissed me deeply. 

The feel of my husband kissing me while another man was licking my vagina was exciting. I knew he was enjoying our experience as much as I was. 

He moved to get up and said to me, "You two enjoy yourselves, I'll be back soon." He slid off the edge of the bed and left. 

Colin continued licking my cunt. He shoved his tongue deep into my moist slit and licked my vagina from bottom to top. His tongue stroked my clit achingly and I lifted my hips to allow him complete access. His tongue danced over my clit and I was getting more and more excited. I was breathing heavily and felt my excitement build and my pussy moisten. 

After a couple more minutes I said to Colin, "Roll over." He stopped lapping my cunt and rolled over on his back. His beautiful thick cock was standing erect awaiting my next move. 

I rolled over, got on my hands and knees and straddled his head. Slowly I lowered my tingling cunt to his lips and lowered my tits to just graze his body. I grasp his cock with my hand and eagerly engulfed the huge engorged head with my mouth. I moaned as he licked my cunt as the moment I filled my mouth with his cock. I also heard the click of a camera.

I looked over to my side to see my husband had returned with his camera and was smiling as he lowered the camera from his eye. A rush of excitement flooded through my body. The excitement of performing sex with another man, coupled with the fact that I was being watched by my husband, and being photographed was almost too much to bear. I had to concentrate to quell my rapidly approaching orgasm.

I continued sucking Colin's cock, but my mouth wasn't nearly as elastic as my cunt. I could only get about one quarter of his length into my mouth, but I eagerly flicked my tongue over the engorged ridge of his cockhead. 

After a few more minutes I moved my hands from his shaft and moved my hands to cup his balls. I held one in each hand and gently squeezed them. 

They were full and large. As I was massaging his balls in my hands, I pushed my head down on his cock as far as I could. I felt his cockhead at the back of my throat, but was only about a third of the way down his shaft. 

I gagged reflexively as his cock pushed against my throat and pulled away. I moved my hands back to his shaft to guide it back into my mouth. All the time I was sucking Colin's cock he was eagerly licking my moist cunt. His tongue darted over my engorged lips and clit deliciously. I was purring like a cat from pleasure when I felt my orgasm start to wave over me. 

I felt spasm after spasm of pleasure starting at my cunt and running through my entire body. The pleasure made me grind my pussy against Colin's eagerly lapping mouth, and I clamped down tight with my mouth filled with his rock hard cock. I could barely breathe from the intensity of my orgasm. 

Colin kept teasing my clit with his tongue throughout my spasms. He grasped my hips and pulled my body tighter to his mouth and didn't let go until I stopped coming. 

I had a mouthful of as much cock as I could take and was moaning loudly during my orgasm. Several times during my orgasm I heard the distinct sound of my husband's camera. 

After my orgasm subsided I rolled off Colin and lay on the bed.

A few minutes later Colin got to his knees and moved to a position between my legs. He grasped his cock in his hand and stroked it a few times to get it rigid again. He moved closer and placed one hand on my belly in preparation for penetration. I raised my hips and he moved his big cock head to my moist slit. I heard the sound of the camera as Colin inserted himself completely. 

His cock seemed to glide into me, without hesitation I felt his thick cock fill my vagina completely as before. I felt full, but experienced no discomfort as one might expect taking a cock the size of Colin's. 

My pussy lips tingled at the sensation of his balls as they slapped against my swollen cunt. He was again, all the way in and the camera kept clicking. I knew from experience my husband was getting some excellent photographs.

Colin was again all the way inside me, my vagina had stretched to accommodate his length and girth. The fullness was exquisite and I clamped down with my vagina around his beautiful cock to acknowledge the pleasure he was giving.

"Oh, fuck yea," I heard Colin say as he felt my muscles contract around his cock.

Slowly he started to fuck me; he pushed his thick cock deep inside me, paused, and then pulled almost all the way out, leaving just the head of his cock inside my clenching pussy, after a pause he pushed his cock back deep into me.

"Oh, God, this feels so good," I heard myself saying. Colin's cock started pumping my pussy quicker and quicker. I hear myself moan loudly with each of his deep thrusts.

Often Colin would moan as well each time he fully entered me and I clasp my vagina around the entire length of his cock. 

I thought to myself as Colin thrusts continued, "God, I love the way he fucks me." "I wish my husband fucked me like this, this guy is a great fuck." "True, Colin's cock is magnificent, and he is a great fuck, but you really don't know anything about him." I stopped thinking and concentrated on the pleasure Colin was driving deep into me with each full and deep thrust. 
