 The following is a fantasy my wife shared with me and asked me to write for her. I hope all enjoy it. Happy Holidays!!!

Christine was able to get to bed early this evening. Unfortunately, her husband was working until tomorrow morning, with this being Christmas Eve and all. She was able to get her son into bed early with the promise that Daddy would be here in the morning before he opened his presents from Santa Claus. 

She went to sleep a little excited with thoughts of the things her and her husband would have done had he been here. As she slept naked, the feeling of the cool sheets against her skin excited her even more.  Christine let her hands roam over her beautiful naked body feeling her large pendulous breasts, full hips and trimmed pussy. Letting her hand remain over her pussy, she wasted no time in finding her clitoris and proceeded to rub the little nub, causing her to become very wet. The day's activities must have caught up to her because she drifted off to sleep before making herself climax.

Suddenly, the covers were forcefully pulled from Christine's body and she felt many hands all over her, causing her to wake with a start. In opening her eyes she saw several small men, wearing elf outfits, touching her naked form. At the end of the bed in all his 6 foot 6 inch glory wearing his red velvet suit with white trim, matching hat, and black leather gloves, was none other than Santa Claus himself. In an authoritative but gentle voice he said, "Do not worry my little slut, your son is sound asleep and cannot hear anything that is about to transpire in this room."

When the fog lifted and Christine was able to focus on the scene unfolding around her, she realized she was starting to enjoy all the attention of all those hands touching her everywhere. Santa continued, "Since you showed up on my 'Naughty List' this year, we are going to give you your special gift. My elves will have their way with you and treat you like the nasty slut you truly are."

With that comment, Christine started to look around at the elves. There were about 12 of them and the ones that were not touching her were removing their clothing. She could see that they were about 4 feet tall with very muscular bodies and large cocks, approximately 7 inches in length and very thick. They were all very good looking. Even though they were small in stature, Christine was in heaven with all of these attractive men starting to use her body. They did not talk, but worked very efficiently in manipulating her body to achieve the most pleasure for her. Santa stood at the end of the bed with his hands resting on his large black leather belt with a sly smile and gleam in his eye at what was occurring in front of him.

Christine was in heaven. Her inner slut was letting her become very wet, and with the elves touching her everywhere just kept intensifying the pleasure. When all of them were naked the fun really started for Christine. They were rough with her, just the way she liked it. One of the elves, a blonde haired one, got between her legs and started to eat her sweet pussy. Another two elves held her legs open. Two more held her arms down virtually restraining her. Something else her inner slut liked. A red headed elf then grabbed her hair, turned her head in his direction and offered his thick cock to her mouth. Christine did not resist and opened her mouth for him. He shoved his throbbing cock in and started to fuck her face. 

What she was experiencing was exhilarating. Christine started to feel her orgasm building. All this attention was just what she craved. Leave it to Santa and his elves to know exactly what it was she wanted. Her moans were increasing around the cock in her mouth, as were those of the elf fucking her face. She could not hold out any longer from the ministrations of the blonde elf working her pussy and proceeded to have a mind shattering orgasm. It was one of the most intense she has EVER felt. Shortly after her orgasm started, the red headed elf blew his load into her mouth. Even though Christine did not usually swallow, not liking the taste of cum, the elf's cum tasted delicious and she swallowed every drop. When he finished cumming, Christine licked him clean and another elf took his place. The game was on. After the licking she took, they roughly forced her over onto her belly and then onto all fours. The elf that she was sucking stopped long enough to help get her onto all fours, grabbed her head, and started fucking her face again. She felt a cock at the entrance to her pussy and then felt it slam all the way in. The elf in her pussy was fucking her hard and fast while slapping her ass. The other constant was that they never stopped touching, caressing or slapping her ass. 

Throughout this ordeal she heard the intermittent, "Ho, Ho, Ho," laugh of Santa. She eventually heard him say, "This is just the first part of your gift my little whore. What is happening to you now is just a warm up."

The onslaught continued between her pussy and mouth. Christine felt another orgasm building and felt the familiar sensation of another earth shattering one. This time she let go of the cock in her mouth and let out a very deep loud moan that started from the very debt of her being that eventually made its way out. Christine is one of those fortunate women who can ejaculate when she cums. When her orgasm finally hit its peak she started to squirt all over the elf fucking her pussy. The elf never stopped his movements and continued fucking her until he pulled out and exploded all over her back and ass. 

At this point, an elf crawled underneath Christine and entered her pussy. This allowed her to ride him like a bucking steer. Another elf got behind her pushing her down in order to expose her wonderful ass. He proceeded to position his dick at the entrance to her asshole and since she squirted, there was enough lubricant to enable him to enter her without any difficulty. At first, there was a lot of pressure and some pain, but with all the other stimuli it subsided and if this was even possible, became more pleasurable. All of Christine's holes were filled. All she could do was as she has been doing since this adventure began, and that was to just enjoy the ride. Her current position became where she stayed for a while. All twelve elves used her in one way or another. Some came inside her pussy and ass, while others wanted to explode in her mouth. 

Christine lost track of time, and was in overload with the pleasure she was experiencing. Eventually she was put back in a doggie style position and the elves stopped touching, fucking and sucking her. In this position her large beautiful breasts were hanging waiting for some attention. Her sweet ass and pussy were in the air waiting to be filled. She hazarded a glance back and saw Santa moving from where he was standing to directly behind her. "Now my dear, you are about to get your special gift."

With that said Santa pulled his HUGE cock from the folds of his trousers. Christine's eyes got wide with excitement. There was no fear in her. She just wanted to feel that glorious looking cock inside her. Santa positioned himself behind her and grabbed onto her hips with his leather-gloved hands. The feeling of his gloves against her skin was phenomenal. And what she felt next was the most wonderful feeling Christine has ever experienced. Santa pushed his manhood slowly into her pussy. Christine's eyes rolled into the back of her head and her mouth just hung open with no sound emitting from it. It was electrifying what was happening to her. NO words could express the sensation going through her body. Santa started to pick up his pace and started slapping her ass hard. This intensified what was happening. Christine felt another orgasm building within her from Santa fucking the ever-living shit out of her. No words could express what she was feeling. She was having the most wonderful, exquisite experience of her life. Nothing has ever felt this wonderful EVER.

Santa started to quicken his pace. He reached out and pulled her hair while continuing to slap his slut's ass. With a loud "HO, HO, HOOOOO!!!!!!" Santa pulled out of Christine's pussy and with a snap of his fingers, she was spun around to face his glorious cock, which she eagerly dived on with her mouth just as Santa came. She could not get enough of his cum. It was like nectar and she continued sucking on his dick long after he finished cumming. 

Santa stepped back and his cock made a resounding, "POP!" as it was withdrawn from Christine's mouth. Out of the corner of her eyes Christine saw the elves move toward her and their hands were on her again laying her onto her back. She did not resist them and lay there waiting for what was to come next. They all surrounded her while stroking their large cocks. From the looks on all of their faces they were excited from the spectacle they just witnessed. It didn't take long before one, than another, and another and soon all twelve elves were cumming all over her fabulous body. 

Christine saw Santa standing in his original position all back together with his hands resting back on his belt, smiling with a gleam in his eye. The elves started to get dressed and give Christine a kiss as they started to leave the room one by one.

"Now my beautiful naughty slut. That is the Christmas present I give to all the naughty girls on my list. No need to worry about anyone hearing what happened here. A little Santa magic was able to keep everything confined to this room. Until next year my dear, since I am quite sure you will not stop being a naughty."

With that, Santa turned and left the bedroom. It was as if he glided out of the room. One minute he was there and the next minute GONE!!! Christine started to move her arms and feel herself expecting to feel the cum from the elves still all over her. To her surprise it was gone. All of it, not one sticky bit was left. Realizing what just occurred and it being one of the most intense feelings ever to grace her being. Christine reached down, pulled the covers over her and fell into a deep sleep with a huge smile on her face thinking about what Santa would, "bring", her next year.

Later that morning, Christine awoke to the sound of her alarm clock. She proceeded to get up feeling extremely rested and satiated. What she found on the floor next to her bed clarified that what she experienced last evening was not a dream. There on the floor was one black leather glove. The site of it made her pussy wet all over again. For the rest of the day, Christine had a big bright glowing smile.  When her husband asked her what was making her sooo happy, she responded, "I'll tell you later when we are in bed."

She gave her husband a light kiss on the lips and walked off to help her son continue with opening his gifts from Santa with a renewed belief in his very existence.