 At last I have the courage to write about my sexual experiences. All the stories are true. Only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

STORY 5

Later on I shacked up with a woman. (her name is Ann). She was very sexy and daring in bed. After six months together, and after we just had sex, she asked me if I ever fancied a man. She was saying this because she noticed I liked her finger up my bum. I pointed out that she does as well. Ahhh she would say, but you are a man so the question does still apply. She repeated the question. I was hesitant in my reply. 

Then she started a discussion about her past experiences. I was a little surprised, but glad when she told me that here first sexual encounter was with another woman. We became very honest with each others sexual inclinations and experiences. We would recant the sexual contacts from our past. This strengthened our relationship and was good fun. She still keeps contact with her old school friend (her name is Sue) and Sue's man (is Tony). Before we met she would go over to there place for threesome's. She stressed that she had not seen them since we were together, and would not do so without me or only with my permission.

In the end I had to ask if she would like the idea of us 4 meeting up. Yes- I will have discreet word with Sue on the phone. Two days latter as I came home from work she told me that she had been invited over to see Sue and Tony. This could be difficult she said. She spoke to Sue for a long time over the telephone. I would not go without you darling. We talked about this all night. I pointed out that if you go on your own you will be under a lot of pressure to have sex with them, is this what you want?? Only if you do she said, looking down at this massive bulge I've got between my legs. You are turned on by this!! She said laughingly. 

She's right I was and so was she. After more discussion we agreed a 'plan of action'. Ann goes over for the weekend and stays at Sue's house. If Ann has sex with them I demand two conditions. That is no kissing Tony on the lips and she is to tell me all about the encounter upon her return in minute detail. Ann agreed. The day came for the two hour journey to Sue's house. Ann gave me a big kiss and hug. She said if your not sure say so now and I'll stay. I said you go, I'll be OK and you never know I might want to do this also. We had a laugh, then she drove off saying I'll ring you when I arrive there. 

I tried to keep busy for the rest of the Saturday. She rang at 6-30pm to say that the journey was OK and Sue is putting the kettle on, see you tomorrow afternoon. How can I explain the feelings I had. Twinges of jealousy certainly, I felt horny continually all evening. I had some tea and washed the dishes, dried up and put them away, I was still horny. Then at about 9-30 I had this massive jealous feeling wash over me. What are they doing now I thought, have I made a mistake agreeing to this. I couldn't ring up now it would look like cowardice. I need relief, a wank. I got Ann's make-up mirror, the type that swivels and put it on the coffee table. I stripped off my clothes leaving my shirt on and sat on the edge of the settee. My cock head was wet through with pre-cum. I positioned the mirror so as to see all I'd got, I worked my dick with my right hand and cupped my balls with the left. Using a mirror is a turn on for me because it seems as if you are seeing another man. I moved my arse to the very edge of the settee, opened my legs as wide as possible. I wet my left hand finger and entered it into my anus, I could see it in the mirror clearly, so I pushed it all the way up bum hole and wanked off. The first load shot onto the top of the coffee table with some of it landed on to the mirror, the second splattered onto the draw front that was situated under the coffee table top, the third landed on the side of the coffee table leg near the floor. I cleaned up and went to bed, hopefully to sleep and not dream about what them three are 'up to'.

I woke at 8-30. Strange to find myself alone in bed, then I remembered, she's at Sue & Tony's. No doubt been screwed to death for the last 12 hours, and loving it while I am here very frustrated and jealous. I got breakfast and did other chores so as to stop me thinking about THEM. At 2-30pm a car horn sounded, it was Ann driving into our drive. I ran out, she gave me a big hug and kiss. I do love you she said. We went inside.

Ann sat down while I make a pot of tea. Have you been OK with out me she said. Yes- in a fashion I have, but – I told her about the wank I had the night before. She gave out a laugh. You do like mirrors don't you- she exclaimed. I was itching to ask her about last night, but I waited. We finished the tea and Ann whispered in my ear 'lets go to bed now'.

I lay on the bed on my back and Ann climbed on to right hand side of the bed. She lay on her side up against me and held my now hard cock in her right hand. I put my right arm under her head. Go on then- start the story I said. 

ANN'S STORY ------------

I got here OK. We had coffee and caught up with the gossip. They had the house re-decorated in the last 12 months, it looks nice. We went out for a meal in town. We talked about families and our work activity. Got back at about 9pm. Sue showed me the spare bed room. Tony went out for some wine so I got washed and changed into a light skirt and a lose type of top. I came down stairs and joined Sue on the two seater settee waiting for Tony to return with the wine. Sue asked about you and what was he like. I gave a description of you, she seemed to approve. We compared notes on our men, there sexual likes and dislikes. We did laugh. Joe sound very nice, I would like to meet him- Sue said.

Tony came through the door with the wine, opened a bottle and poured us all a glass and sat down in the single easy chair. Shall I put a video on said Tony!. Yes please we said together. Tony knelt down in front of the TV looking for a suitable video. Sue moved her body a little to my direction and put her left arm on the back of the settee just above my neck. Tony found one, It was a porn video showing two men and one women on the floor. She was getting it in all holes, I got a little turned on by it, especially when the men jack off on her face. Joe likes to do that I whispered to Sue. I noticed that I was getting excited, warm down there, and I could see Sue was too.

Tony who had been sitting very quietly ask if we would like our glasses topped up. Of course we said. As he was poring the wine I asked to be excused and went up stairs to use the bathroom. I noticed that my knickers were wet through with excitement caused by the horny video. Suddenly the bathroom door opened and in came Sue. I don't know about you she said- but my knickers are wet, I will have to change them. Why not just leave them off. We laughed, why not – Sue said. We got down stairs and sat back onto the settee. 

The video was showing two cocks up this woman, one up her arse the other up her cunt.. This is very horny said Sue as she put her left arm onto my shoulders and her right hand onto my thigh top. I instinctively opened my legs a little and looked Sue in the eye. She looked back and laid her head to my right shoulder.

Suddenly Tony leaned over the settee from the back and put his hands onto my tits, whispered 

"Sue and I would like to fuck you"

With out another word we stripped off . Tony was the slowest to undress. Sue and I knelt down with straight backs on the thick pile carpet and kissed and fondled each other. Sue whispered that I had a nice body, then started to lick my right nipple. Tony, undressed now, knelt beside us licking my neck and feeling my arse. I was soaking wet down there. Tony stood up with his hard-on saying 'my lovely slave ladies' you are both 'my lovely slave ladies'.

Sue and I looked at each other with a smile. We simultaneously started to lick Tony's member. Me on the right side and Sue the other side, up and down went our tongues. From his ball to the tip, at the tip we would kiss each other while sharing some of that cock. Sue was the first to 'give head'. She moved slowly her mouth up and down this dick. It was really horny to see Tony slowly disappear, then Sue's lips met that hairy crutch of his. 

We took it in turns, I would go down on him while Sue's tongue would chase my mouth while licking this member. Tony was in heaven, he groaned, he put his hands on our heads to assist in the action. I became conscious of Sues finger sliding into his butt hole. This lovely he exclaimed.

He grunted "I'm going to cum, I want you both to see me cum".

I pulled my head away. Tony straddled his legs more. Sue grabbed this cock and worked it fast while Tony still had his hands on our heads.

"Its hear, Oooo, now" said Tony.

With legs quivering he shot a stream of the white stuff , just missing my face, landing onto the carpet.

"Yes-yes. Ooooo another one" screamed he.

Sue still pumping that cock and turned it to my direction, then another stream of cum came from his wee hole. This time most of it landing on my left shoulder and some on my left knee. Tony was rocking uncontrollable. Then Sue turned his dick to her direction just in time for the last squirt of cum to land onto her right Brest. 

Tony stood there, completely shattered, almost falling over. I had this urge to lick away a string of cum still hanging from the now softening cock, but to late Sue licked it off.

"Wow, that was great"-"I'll sit down and watch you two" said Tony.

ANN'S BREAK IN THE STORY

"That's fantastic –please wank me now to a finish" I said.

Ann worked my dick faster. I pulled her head onto my chest. I lasted 5 seconds.

"Its hear now" I said.

I held the back of Ann's head with my right hand and leaned over so I could see part of her face. My balls pulled tight and a load of cum shot out onto her face with such violence that some of it bounced of her left cheek and onto my left arm. She elevated my cock and the second string shot into the air and landed onto Ann's hair. The third was a dribble onto my chest. You were ready for that Ann smiled. I pulled Ann's head back onto the pillow and kissed her face, licking up my cum and tonguing it into her mouth. 

"Are you ready for part two now" She said. "Yes I am" was my reply.

ANN- CONCLUDING STORY.

I took the lead. I lay Sue onto the floor on her back. I crawled on the floor until my head was level with hers and started to kiss her left ear. Licking and probing was my tongue, inside the ear hole and around the lobe. I could see Tony sitting on the settee with his hands behind his head that had a big smile from ear to ear. I licked across Sue's nose and mouth. She was making little 'cooing' noises as I slowly moved down her body licking between her breasts. Sue lifted her arms and wrapped them around my neck. I inched down more so as to probe her belly button with this tongue of mine as she bit my right upper thigh and caressed my back.

My nose was only inches away from that honey pot, I could see her crack glistening with her juice's and twitching for attention, which it will soon get. I moved down more, her legs widening in anticipation. I stretched out my arms, held her ankles and pulled the legs so as to open them wide. I could see all. I stared at her pussy, now open, red and inviting. Below I could see her anus, nice and pucker, wet with love juice from the cunt. I slowly lowered my head with out stretched tongue and touched her clit. Sue gave out a noise of pleasure and her body shook.

Sue now had her hands on my bum, blowing into my pussy with that beautiful mouth of hers. I rubbed my tongue across her fanny and over her arse hole. This sent shivers through her body. Sue was now lost in side my thighs, blowing, sucking, giving me great pleasure. I moved my right hand under her leg licked a finger and entered it into her bum hole.

"Oooo- this is great" she said.

I moved my tongue in and out of her cunt in time with my finger in her arse. Her juices were flowing out and down to her but hole which gave me the lubrication for my finger. Sue was violently jerking her tongue in and out of my pussy. We could not keep this up for long.

"I'm coming" Sue said.

"Yes- yes"- She screamed into my cunt and came.

Almost straight away I came with full abandon. We both wriggled through our climax and stopped gasping for breath.

"That was great" Said Tony. "Will you do that again" he uttered.

We both told him to get lost. The way we feel it will be next Christmas before we have that much energy again. We all laughed out loud. Sue and I went to wash in the bathroom while Tony poured out more wine. In the bathroom Sue and I held each other. We kissed and talked about how good this was. We both agreed that my Joe will be welcomed next time. Sue did add that she was not sure about Tony being with another man, but I will work on him she said convincingly.

-------------------------------------------------------------

Ann turned to me saying are you OK with this story. I've given all the details I promised, do you still love me she said with a worried voice. I do very much I said, even more so. We laughed. 

"Why don't you do this and come back with a horny story, so I can wank as you unfold all the details" said Ann.

Well since you mentioned it there is someone I would love to go with, but never had the guts to say. Who's that said Ann. I unfolded my thoughts to Ann. Its Mark, a friend of mine from work. He comes around at nights. He knows I'm bi and he's more or less said he's bi-curious. We talked about this and decided I will give it a try.

But that's another story.