 It was Erin's return to the office after a whirlwind of traveling. She had been all over the west coast attending various book events for her job. The year-end was always an incredibly busy time for those in the book industry, and Erin wouldn't have it any other way.

As a self-assured woman in her mid 30's, she relished the feeling she got each morning when she sat behind her desk, next to a window overlooking the impressive downtown view. She turned on her computer and made sure everything at her desk was tidy, getting ready for the day's tasks.

There was a knock on the side of her door, and there stood Tiffany, her colleague and close friend. She was standing there with a smile on her face. Erin got out of her seat to greet her friend with a warm embrace.

They had the kind of friendship that, even though Erin had only been gone for about two weeks, they really had missed each other sorely. In many ways, they were actually more like sisters than colleagues. They gave a brief hugged and admired each other's chic appearances. Small talk was exchanged as usual. 

"It's been crazy," Erin said, as they both sat on the office couch together. "God, the stories I have."

"Any romance involved?"

Erin brushed aside the comment, "I wish. Way too busy for that."

"Bummer. Work has been crazy here too," Tiffany added.

"So I've heard. And I've got a ton of calls and emails which I need to respond to."

Tiffany gave a suggestive expression. "That's not the only thing on your plate today."

As hard as she tried, Erin did her best to figure out what her colleague was implying. Nothing came to mind. Normally, she was great about keeping track of work or social events, but she drew a complete blank.

"What do you mean?" Erin finally asked.

Tiffany nudged her friend's elbow. "You know."

"Hmmm...not really. Care to fill me in?"

That was when Tiffany had an 'oh my god' expression on her face, like something horrible had just happened.

"The private gift exchange," Tiffany said. 

Of course, Tiffany was referring to an annual, year-end gift exchange a small group of friends held together. Sure, there were all sorts of gifts exchanges, parties, and giveaways for the entire office. It was a lively place to work and the employees treated each other like family.

But this private exchange was a little different, and for only a group of select friends who had known each other for years; some of the relationships even dated back as far as college.

What made this private exchange-- which was a fairly new tradition for them --so unique were the types of things they got for each other. Some of the gifts were downright lewd, including women getting all sorts of dildos and vibrators, and men getting fleshlights to masturbate with. They were jokes, sexual gifts, but the participants took it seriously - to a degree, with the gifts often costing over a hundred dollars per person.

It was all in good fun, of course. Each gift resulted in laughs and cheers. The raunchier the better. The dirtier, the more fun.

Their little office secret....

Erin took a moment to register this information. She chided herself for forgetting, but did she forget? She prided herself on her ability to multi-task, after all, for a job like hers, multitasking was practically a main requirement.

"I don't think I heard from anyone this year," Erin said, coming to the realization that this most certainly was not her fault.

Tiffany pulled a phone out of her pocket and dug through the emails.

"Look," Tiffany said, showing her phone. "You've been getting emails from a specially made gmail account."

Erin looked at her friend's phone and confirmed this information. Erin then reached into her own pocket and searched through her own phone's email.

"Shit," Erin gasped. "Those messages were from a new account and everything went straight to my spam box."

Tiffany sighed, "I'm sorry. I thought you knew. I mean, I texted you, asking you if you got those emails."

"I get tons of emails every day. I must have been confused about what you were talking about."

"Goodness, I'm sorry."

"Don't be," Erin said, forcing a smile. "I'll skip this one. It's not a big deal."

"Nonsense. It's the start of a new tradition we have around here. You have to be there. You just have to."

Erin winced. "Showing up to a gift party with no gift? I don't think so."

"Your glowing presence is enough. After all, we postponed this year's gift exchange to wait until you came back."

"That's very flattering, but if I were to attend, I could only bring snacks, like cupcakes from across the street."

"I guess that's a start," Tiffany shrugged. "But the little party we have is scheduled to start at 10 am."

"How long will it last?"

"Same as the previous events. About an hour."

"Perfect. I'll take care of some errands, then run over to bring some treats for us."

Tiffany thought for a moment. "You know, you're right. Bringing treats when everyone else is bringing expensive gifts? Kind of tacky."

"Then I'll just sit this out. There's always next year."

"You can't do that either," Tiffany insisted.

Erin looked amused at this point. "You're not leaving me with very many options here."

"There's got to be another way."

"Well, there's no time to run to the nearest sex shop or anything. So it looks like I'm screwed, so to speak."

A lightbulb went off in Tiffany's head. "Maybe you can bring yourself, if you catch my drift. Some of the guys in our group are pretty hot, so why not offer your special talent?"

"Tiff!"

Erin's eyes went big at the very suggestion. 'Why not offer your special talent?' Erin knew EXACTLY what that comment meant, and frankly, it left her shocked to the core that her friend could ever suggest such a thing.

"Would it really be such a big deal?"

"Yeah!" Erin said like it was so obvious. "Yes, it would be a big deal! In fact, it would be a major deal! One that would ruin my reputation amongst our group of friends, and around this whole damn building if word ever got out!"

"No one would ever tell," Tiffany said so casually.

"How do you know?"

"Everyone has kept the gift exchange secret so far. All of us are involved with giving each other raunchy gifts. Who's going to tell?"

Erin sighed, "Never a gift like what you're suggesting though. God, how could you even bring that up?"

"Look, sucking cock isn't a big deal."

"It is when you're doing it in front of a group of people."

"But you love it, don't you?" Tiffany asserted.

"Now you're using our private conversations against me."

"I'm not using anything against you. It's 2016, oral sex isn't as taboo as it used to be. Nearly everyone does it nowadays, both men and women."

"It's still pretty taboo to me."

Tiffany gestured to the walls of the office. "Oh yeah, are you sure about that?"

What Tiffany was gesturing to was the bookcases in Erin's office. The fact was, Erin helped get publishing deals for all sorts of sex-related books, including romance novels, downright sex tales, and bedroom instructions. She even helped market these books too.

A few of the books Erin helped publish were oral sex instructionals. Surprisingly, those books helped the publishing company turn in some nice profits over the years, resulting in a bigger salary for Erin.

Erin had always been a champion for these types of books, partly because she knew there was a secret public demand for them. Plus, she was also a lover of all things oral sex.

It was a passion of hers, a huge turn-on, and just something which she had always found to be really fucking hot.

"Those are just books," Erin said, downplaying her desires. "They have nothing to do with my personal life."

"But you're an oral sex fanatic, right?"

Erin tensed, "Once again, doing something like this in front of a group of friends and colleagues is a huge freaking deal."

"Correction: It's a private affair between friends, who just happen to be coworkers."

Erin shot a death glare. "Why are you pushing me into this? Seriously."

"I don't know," Tiffany shrugged. "It was a harmless suggestion so that you can attend the gift exchange and give the best present anyone will ever receive."

"Is that all?" Erin asked, glancing hard.

Tiffany relented, "When the thought came to mind, it seemed mouth-wateringly hot. I mean, the idea of you showcasing your abilities for us to watch. God..."

"I knew there was something up your sleeve."

"It only came to mind a moment ago. I swear."

"How do you even know that I'm good at this, anyway?" Erin asked, obviously referring to oral sex. "I could be a total fraud for all you know."

"Call it a hunch. You look like a great cock sucker. I have an intuition for these sorts of things."

Erin gave an incredulous look. "Gee, thanks."

"Seriously, that was a compliment."

Erin collapsed onto the couch and laid to the side. "It's been a hell of a month. And I've got a ton of things to do today. This is the last thing I need."

As Erin collapsed further to the side, Tiffany playfully laid on top of her. There they were, grown-ups in a fancy office, dressed like sassy business ladies, and they were cuddling up like sorority girls talking about oral sex.

"On the contrary," Tiffany asserted. "This may be the most important thing on your agenda today."

"Sucking cock?"

"Correction: Sucking cock in front of our gift exchange buddies."

"Oh Jesus," Erin moaned. "Please, just kill me already."

"Actually,. I'm bringing you back to life."

"Bringing me back to life by sucking cock?" Erin asked mockingly. "I don't think so."

"Honey, you're a gorgeous, successful, incredibly appealing, and available woman. I can't think of any man on the planet that would even consider rejecting an on-the-spot blowjob from you. To have you on your knees in front of him, with those perfect lips wrapped around that cock?! That lucky guy would be thanking you forever."

Erica felt her cheeks turn flush, as she felt a familiar tingle between her legs. Her friend always knew how to push her buttons, just never sexually, until now.

"This might be an option after all."

Tiffany gave a tight hug. "You've been swamped with work these past few months. You've been traveling like crazy. And your desk is piled up. Honestly, something like this would do you good."

A good point, Erin thought. And it was true, too. She had been swamped with work ever since getting that small promotion a few months ago. On top of that, business had been picking up at the office, and another woman in the same rank had been on sabbatical leave. All things considered, Erin had been a very busy woman with no time for fun in her life.

"I need assurances that no one will ever speak of this," Erin said.

Tiffany smiled at her friend. "Are you coming around?"

"I mean it. I need assurances."

"What did you have in mind?"

"Blood pact," Erin said with a deadpan expression. "Everyone in the group must draw blood from their hand and shake on it-- a pledge that they'll never speak of this to anyone, ever. Until the end of time."

"You're completely serious about that, aren't you?"

Erin nodded. "This is not a joking matter."

"Well, the best I can do is have everyone give an additional verbal promise. That's it. I'll see you then!"

As Tiffany got up to leave, Erin swiftly grabbed her by the wrist to stop her.

"Two quick things," Erin said. "I reserve the right to change my mind about this. Seriously. I'll still bring the cupcakes for everyone, but the blowjob thing is non-committal."

"Perfectly understandable. And the other thing?"

"Be honest with me. Does this arouse you? Is that why you really want to see me blow some guy?"

Tiffany fought hard to suppress a smile. "The gift exchange starts at 10. Don't be late."

After straightening out her outfit, Tiffany winked and left the office. Erin knew exactly what the answer was.

***

Without question, this would be the most brazenly sexual thing in Erin's life, assuming she could actually go through with it. This was the kind of thing for masturbation fantasies, erotic stories, or even porn movies.

Not real life.

Yet here she was, contemplating how she'd do it, if she could even do it at all. The thought was certainly enticing. Oral sex became her go-to fantasies from the first time she had ever done it for a guy. She didn't need a lot of instructions either, since she first began. Most of it came naturally to her.

To this day, she still loved experimenting with new ways to suck cock. She'd suck, lick, and probe differently with each lucky guy she sucked off. 

As she contemplated in her office, she turned her gaze towards the bookshelf, filled with beautifully written literature, crime thrillers, memoirs, and historical books. All of which she helped get published, and made sure they were properly marketed. Those books were her pride and joy. She helped people achieve their dreams and tell their stories.

Only now, Erin wasn't the least bit concerned with any of them. All she could think about were the passages from the sex instructionals, which she had intensely read and reread over the years.

The techniques were fairly basic, yet profoundly helpful for any respectable cocksucker:

No teeth: Ever!

Self-explanatory. Erin learned this the hard way her first time sucking cock.

Teasing: It's always nice to prime a cock before divulging into a full on cock sucking.

It was something that Erin learned to master as her sexuality evolved. Soft strokes, teasing fingertips, tongue licks, then tongue strokes. Occasionally she would blow air on the tip after it had been licked. Works every time. Then she'd be ready for the full act of giving.

Tight lips: It's essential that the performer keeps tight lips around the tip and shaft of the penis while performing a sucking motion.

How can you have suction without lips pressed lightly around the penis? It's common sense, otherwise it wouldn't be known as sucking cock, would it? 

Erin being the smart girl that she is, figured this out early on in her cock sucking timeline. Plus she was blessed with a full set of luscious lips that could easily be wrapped around a man's penis and create an airtight grip. She had her mother to thank for that wonderful genetic trait.

Eye Contact: Men are incredibly turned on by locking eyes with the person sucking their cock.

A fairly simple concept. While your lips are wrapped around that penis, look him straight in the eyes with full confidence, letting him know how much you enjoy this very act. It's even hotter when you're down on your knees. It's a loving, sensual gesture that works best if you can shoot a seductive gaze.

Erin learned this early on. Guys love looking down, staring straight into the eyes of a beautiful performer looking back at them, with a cock stuffed mouth. Sure, it was humiliating at first for Erin to do, but she 'womaned up' and got used to it. She let her passion for oral sex shine through her eyes, and it always drove men crazy.

Humming: Make a vibrating noise while sucking.

Oh, how guys love this. Hum in a low pitch while the tip of his penis is near your throat.

It was a trick Erin picked up while going over one of the books years ago. She had tried this technique on a guy she was in a relationship with at the time. While on her knees sucking his cock at his home, Erin randomly began to hum while the cock was near her throat, sending vibrational waves to the most sensitive spot of his penis. It drove the guy crazy and Erin kept it in her repertoire ever since.

Hand Motion: Loving strokes and caress the shaft while sucking.

Sure, a guy can jerk himself off. He probably does it everyday regardless of what's going on his life. But does a soft feminine hand feel better than his? He probably thinks so. It's a nice change of pace having a beautiful woman stroke him so lovingly. Especially while you're still sucking the tip of his penis. Men love a woman's touch on his shaft, stroking it is even better, and his balls need some occasional attention too. This works best as the stroking matches the bobbing motion of your mouth.

Erin learned this in college with the first guy she started sucking. Out of pure curiosity, she had asked to watch him masturbate. It was then that she learned how a guy liked to stroke himself; the speed, technique, and proper grip. As a quick learner, Erin picked up on this and throughout the rest of her sexual life, she continued stroking guys in variations of the same manner. 

Masturbating: Play with yourself while sucking his cock.

This is an interesting one. The theory is that the hornier you are, the more effort you put into sucking cock. It certainly makes sense because one of the best attributes of cock sucking is passion. If you have passion for giving oral, then you're already off to a great start.

But on the other hand, another theory is that playing with yourself detracts from the actual cock sucking because your mind is focused on two things.

For Erin, she would often find herself masturbating involuntarily. She loved sucking cock so much that her fingers would inevitably find their way to her clit and she would be forced to play with herself. So she was definitely a masturbator while giving oral.

Dirty Talk: Make eye contact with him and say naughty things.

As you briefly take your mouth away, continue stroking him while looking him in the eyes. Tell him how much you love his cock. How hard it his. How good it feels in your mouth. How you love the feeling of it throb. How excited you are to eat his cum. Anything!

Honestly, this was something that Erin still felt uncomfortable with. This isn't for everyone since it's a bit embarrassing. Though she did her best. It all depended on the guy she was with. Some guys need this more than others. And if her jaw or arms ever got tired from sucking and stroking, she would use dirty talk as a way to help the guy cum faster, telling him exactly what he needed to hear.

Facials: The act of letting a guy cum all over your face.

This is mostly to please the guy visually. A real ego boost for him, knowing he'd marked his territory. Plus the sight can be quite erotic in a nasty, nasty way, with the performer kneeling down, drenched in cum.

In the office, there was no chance Erin would ever do this. She worked hard on her makeup and beauty routine. At home? Rarely. Erin was a stickler about keeping her skin clean.

Swallowing: Gulping it all down.

This was purely optional. It's totally up to the performer what should be done with the cum, as it should be! It's the performer's mouth, and whoever sucks gets to set the boundaries, unless it's some sort of dom/sub relationship. Plus, the guy just had a great orgasm from your mouth, so he probably doesn't give a fuck anymore what you do with his ejaculate. 

Erin was a swallower. That was her preference for ending a blowjob. It wasn't that she loved the taste so much. She could live without it, honestly. It was more the act itself. Her little way of saying *thank you* to the guy she sucked.

God, just thinking about this had made Erin dampen between the legs. How she loved oral sex as an art form. And to her, it was truly an art form indeed. Sure, the average guy is easy to please in regards to sex; just offer any hole for him to use.

But the real art form was making a guy crumble to an utterly helpless state. Taking a man of power, or a man of experience, and just watch him wither away while his cock was down the throat of a truly accomplished cock sucker-- now that was fucking hot!

The act itself is so submissive, yet so dominant. 

Submissive if you feel obedient while performing. Being pushed to your knees, having an erect cock in front of your face. The cock wanting, aching to be sucked. To feel your tongue. Your lips. A hand guiding it further into your mouth while you open your mouth and gladly accept it.
