 When we met up for our first date, there would have been no way to know the adventure we would end up in. We met online and decided to meet over some breakfast. When she walked in, all I could think about was her sexy eyes and her curves. She told me her name, and for the sake of the story we will call her J. The first date went ok, just talked about small things like politics and the like. There was sparks between us but neither were sure how to make the next move. About a week later J invited me over for some drinks and Mario kart on the 64. Needless to say it wasn't too long before we had each other's clothes on the ground. I won't go into detail since this isn't the main story but needless to say, we found out what made each other tick.

I'll give a few more details about us. She's a little taller around 5 8, and amazing huge tits with a thick ass. She loves giving head and she can squirt when properly fingered. I'm 5 5 with tattoos and I'm about 7 inches down below. After we had filled around for a while, she had it slip that she had a fantasy of two men at the same time. "Not super original I know but I would love to see how it works and feels." She confided to me as we laid in bed, short of breath, both dripping in sweat after our most recent session. I pretended that I could never do that but secretly I started hatching a plan. I had a friend named mark who was nicknamed "the horse". And I will give you a guess on why. I've seen him in action, and the guy never leaves a woman unsatisfied. 

Over the next few weeks, I would drop hints that I was warming up to the idea of the threesome and would send her pics that I said I found on Reddit, of a man that I would love to fuck her. But little did she know it was my friend mark. She told me how hot he was and how much she would love to suck my cock as he plowed into her. Me and him set up a night to see what would happen. 

I took her dancing one night, and was teasing her all night. Grazing her breasts and ass was enough for her to whisper on the dance floor that she was so wet and couldn't wait to get me home. Little did she know that mark was at my house getting ready. While I tabbed out, i texted him that we were heading home and to get prepared. I ushered her my car and as she got into the passenger seat, I pushed her into the seat with my hands around her throat, catching her off guard. I reached my fingers under her tights, finding a soaked pussy. I whisper "the fun is just started". As I pull my fingers out of her, she whimpered and moaned in frustration. The drive home, she teased me by fingering herself and feeding me her pussy juice on her fingers.

We pulled up to my house, and I told her I had to use the restroom, to get naked and meet me in the room. As I was pissing, I heard her scream "what the fuck". I knew she found mark where I told him to be. Jerking off to porn in my room, his 9 inch cock in full display. I ran into the room and faked surprise. "Mark, what is going on? Why are the fuck are you in here?" He then said "oh shit man I'm sorry. I came by to say hi and when I didn't see you here, I remembered you had that vintage porn I liked! I'll get out of here". I looked at J out of the corner of my eye, staring, eyes wide open, like she was hypnotized by his massive cock. He noticed it too, and winked at me as he said "unless this lady wants me to stick around". As he said this he proceeded to start stroking again. 

I than whispered in her ear, "I think he might need some help with that." And pushed her slightly towards mark. Still fully clothed, she walked over to him, like she was sleep walking. I watched in amazement as she got to her knees in front of mark, and he pulled his hand away from his dick. Without any hesitation, she put his cock in her mouth. She immediately moaned, and even with her mouth full of his pulsing cock, I could hear how turned on she was. I wanted to join in but I knew I wanted to see how this played out. I stripped down and started slowly stroking, while trying not to go too fast. 

After a few minutes of this, she decided that she needed more. She than stands and strips down fully naked and starts to lower herself down on his dick. His eyes are wide, staring at her gorgeous breasts than are staring him in the face. Right before she impaled herself on him, she looked back at me, and while staring me in the eyes, winked with a grin. Then pushed herself down in one stroke. Immediately her eyes rolled back into her head, her grin replaced with her mouth going into the O shape. It took a few minutes of slow grinding to adjust her tight pussy but he was experienced and made sure she enjoyed every stroke. This went on until she seemed to finally adjust to his size, and started grinding on him faster and harder. She shoved her mouth to his in a very sexy kiss, with his hands exploring every inch of her tits. 

With a swift motion, he flipped her on her back on the couch and started fucking the shit out of her. Her eyes rolled back, I could tell she was cumming over and over. I walked over to her and bent over, with my cock right against her face. She felt it graze her lips and without missing a beat, she took my whole cock in her throat. I was so turned on but I was determined not to cum too early. I heard him grunt loudly and realized what was about to happen. I knew she would tell him to cum on her tits, where she let me cum every time. She let my cock slip out and screamed at him "don't pull out you bastard. Fuck me, fuck me!". I was surprised as she pulled her legs around his ass, trapping him in her pussy. They both screamed in pleasure as he tensed up and came hard. Which triggered the hardest orgasam I've ever seen her have. 

He pulled out, and with a pop, she moaned, feeling empty. She grabbed my head and said, "get inside me now!!" Without even thinking I came around to her and pushed my very hard and throbbing cock inside her. She was so wet and I realized that part of the wetness was the cum he put inside her. I started stroking in and out, trying not to cum. I was looking down where my cock met her pussy, and my cock was coated with both the combined juices of their fucking. I realized at one point she wasn't looking at me, but at Mark who was stroking his cock back to its original size, and somehow it looked wider and taller than before. She licked her lips and started fingering her clit until I felt her cum and her pussy tighten around my cock. I couldn't hold back anymore and came probably the hardest I had ever cum. 

Without wasting any time, she flipped on her hands and knees on the floor and whispered to Mark, "please, I need that. Please make me feel this tomorrow". He wasted zero time and slid inside her, filling her to the brim. She screamed with pleasure and part pain. He wasn't going for sensual this time, this time, they were using each other to cum. At this point I don't know if she realized I was still there. She seemed to be cumming over and over again, her massive tits swaying with the motion. After 10 or so minutes, he tensed again, yelling, giving her the third load of the evening inside her. As he came, her eyes glossed over and she than fell to the floor.

There was a quiet that came over all of us, she looked so close to being asleep. We picked her up, and layed her on the bed, and as mark got dressed, she looked at me through sleepy eyes, said "thank you so much babe!! That was more than I could have asked for."