 Recently, my boyfriend Ken of over ten year were discussing what was taboo from a partners previous sexual past. Although a great lover, very considerate, he is very prudish and old fashioned - and one night stands to him are for sluts. In the beginning, when we first started going out he causally asked had I ever had one? I had a feeling he was fishing for information to see if he could take this relationship further so I told him I had not to be on the safe side. Thankfully I guessed right and he was very happy with my answer. And then the other day he asked me had I ever had a threesome? He'd been reading an article in a magazine about threesomes and it was playing on his mind the type of girls who participated in such acts. I lied and said no way. Again I guessed right, as he said, if I had had a history of a threesome he would have dumped me on the spot as the thought of another man having me and another women sucking on his cock would be too much too bear. I know he is on the verge of proposing to me, and he wants everything clear in his head, so I had no choice but to lie. 

Now I feel terribly guilty. 

The truth is, I am, while very adventurous with my partner in the bedroom, I have never been one to sleep around and had only slept with one guy called Michael before I met Ken, and even then Michael had been my boyfriend of three years. But unfortunately there was one after Ken, and I'm not proud to admit that I cheated on him, something I have had to live with for nearly nine years. And not only did I have a one night stand with that individual, it was also a threesome with another girl. I'm not writing this as a titillating story, because it happens to be true unfortunately, and besides, writing is definitely not one of my strong points, so this is really an anonymous confession, more than anything else, to get it off my chest so to speak, as its been seriously bothering me deceiving Ken the way I have for all these years. 

It would break his heart if he knew I had cheated on him, even though we were only together six months at the time, and the fact it was a threesome as well as a one night stand, he'd end our relationship so fast I'd be thrown out of the lovely house his great career as a Lawyer has afford us, and I'd be starting from scratch again. And in this recession, with no particular qualifications bar secretarial work, I'd be caught upstream without a paddle and lose all the home comforts Ken's career has given me. That may seem shallow of me, but put yourself in my shoes before judging me. 

So, here is my confession: 

Back in 2003, when I was only 20 and about six months into my relationship with Ken, I worked in a London office with a mainly male staff - except for Linda, a beautiful looking girl the same age as myself who could easily have gone into modelling as she had gorgeous sallow skin, lovely large almond eyes, beautiful firm large breasts, perfect taut waist complimented by her long slim shapely legs. I'd often showered with her at the gym where we did our weekly aerobics and although I'm not in any way bisexual, I did have a slight attraction for her, which was more down to her beautiful looks and luscious body, than any silly girl crush. Looks wise, I'm about six out of ten with dyed blond hair, (my natural hair colour is dark black) and I have a very good figure due to regular work outs and good diet, and I'm told I have great legs and nice firm breasts. I've also been told I'm very natural looking, though Linda used to joke in the showers about my dyed blond hair, when I had a big black curly bush of pubic hair as dark and hairy as her own. Neither of us at the time were much into grooming down below, too much effort. Besides, the whole shaven fad had not begun to fully hit women back in 2003, like it has these days where nearly all women are smoothies. 

However, our thick bushes of pubic hair does play quite a roll in our encounter with Zac, a handsome American photographer who was staying at the same hotel that we always had a drink in after work. 

Zac wasn't hard to miss, he was quite loud in the hotel lounge we drank in, with his infectious laughter. His laughter and the fact he was over six foot two, thick wavy blond hair, and beneath his expensive suit you could see he was well worked out and lean; basically impossible not to give more than a second glance to. Especially has was very similar in looks to the actor, Aaron Eckhart, droooooooooool! 

Linda, no different to me, didn't sleep around either, and every evening as we frequented the hotel for a drink or two, we'd laugh at Zac's encounters with the opposite sex. He appeared to pick up a different girl at the bar, usually two, without fail, then vanished up to his room with them. Each to their own we'd say, marvelling how girls could let themselves be so easily picked up by this obvious whore monger. A lot of office girls in the district went into that particular hotel lounge after work for a drink, so he did have a decent choice to zone in on. 

Two Italian girls that he picked up particularly caught my eye, they were absolutely stunning in that gorgeous Latin way. I think he had an eye for the Latin ladies, as one of the bar girls who was Spanish and was always a total bitch to Linda and I, allowed herself to be charmed by the handsome Yank and vanished out of the lounge with him and one of the Spanish cleaning girls who was having a drink after her shift. It was comical really watching this Romeo at work. There was no way we'd ever fall for his charms as we had caught him looking in our direction with a big leer on his face throughout the week. 

That was until the Friday, Ken was spending the weekend with his parents in Cornwall, and Linda's boyfriend always went out on his own with the lads on Fridays, so because we had the weekend off after a long working week, we stayed in the lounge and drank a lot more Vodka than we should have. That's probably the reason why we agreed to let Zac join us when he strutted over all sure of himself. 

I have to say though, in his defence, much as he was a vain jerk who obviously had a different girl or plural every night, as he seemed to have a penchant for two girls at a time, he was absolutely charming and funny and wouldn't let us put our hands in our purses for the drinks. He really was great company. Zac was a very successful photographer over on business in London on a shoot for the week, and that's what had him staying in the hotel, he had explained to us during the evening. 

He had suggested earlier on in the night that we join him for drinks in his room and he'd show us his camera equipment, as Linda had told him she had a minor interest in amateur photography. So, to humour him, we'd say we'd think about it, but there was no way we were going to, as we didn't want to hurt his feelings refusing his obvious advances when we got to his room, as we were sure it wasn't only camera equipment he wanted to show us, and it would have looked like we were just out for free drinks to use him. 

However, as the evening wore on, Linda and I were more than a little merry, and while he was out at the toilet, we discussed what harm it could do going up to his room for one drink then go home. He was great company and we were enjoying ourselves, and he'd understand we had boyfriends and we're not the type to sleep around anyway. 

Up at his room Zac showed us all his expensive camera gear - it was very impressive to say the least, he was obviously a big shot, and he gave Linda a couple of magazines on the subject to take home with her; he really was a nice guy. 

Anyway, while we were enjoying more drinks courtesy of room service, and although I'm in no way a drug user, neither is Linda, but due to the alcohol we had consumed, we did take Zac up on the kind offer to join him in a tab of Ecstasy. He had two spare and was being very generous. 

As we began to get nicely high with the conversation in full flow, Zac asked Linda why she had never considered modelling. I had often thought that myself and asked her same question. She said she didn't have the confidence to stand in front of a camera. Zac said 'nonsense' and asked could he take a few pictures of her to show her how easy it was to pose for the lens. At first Linda was reluctant, but Zac said I should have my picture taken as well, and he'd photograph us both together. I knew we were looking sexy in our tight tops and mini skirts so I had no problem having my picture taken. And obviously with the E mellowing out any inhibitions, Linda agreed. 

Zac was excellent at what he did and got us to do a variety of poses before we stopped so he could transport the digital camera images onto his laptop so we could view them. I have to say Linda looked absolutely stunning in her mini skirt and tight tank top showing off the outline of her beautiful large breasts and long legs. She was so photogenic. I also have to say we were extremely relaxed by that stage, what with the alcohol and the E buzzing around our systems, when surprise, surprise, with our defences down, Zac asked Linda could he photograph her fully naked in a very tasteful artistic manner. I know I'm at fault here, what with the lovely warm feeling I had from the E and the booze, I admit to being very turned on at the thought of seeing Linda fully naked posing for tasteful photographs, so I talked her out of any lingering reluctance. Zac had promised he would not show the photos to anybody and he was such a nice guy, you knew he was trustable. Soon she was fully naked in front of us while Zac was snapping away; it was so erotic looking at her, hands on hips, fully in the buff, then turning around so he could photograph her from behind, her beautiful shapely bum on display. Zac then suggested, because I had such a good figure as well, that I should also take my clothes off so he could get a tasteful picture of us both. I was so stoned and turned on by that stage, that I was in the buff and standing beside Linda before he practically finished his sentence. That's an exaggeration, but I didn't have to be asked twice. After he took several photos of us, he transported them onto his laptop for us to view. 

"I'll call this shoot the 70's ladies," he said with an amused snigger. Confused as to the nature of his mirth, we asked why such a title? "Look at the thick pubic bushes on both of you," he laughed, pointing at our hirsute womanhoods on the laptop. And judging by the pictures that stared back at us, he was right. Linda and I sported a pair of serious nests - and for the first time I felt ashamed for not grooming down below. Linda felt a bit taken aback as well when she saw how thick her pubic hair actually was - actually seeing photographic proof was quite a shock, we looked like those nude porn actresses you see in the old 70's skin flicks. It was in that moment of vulnerability, being made to feel self conscious about our thick seventies styled pubic hair, that Zac suggested he give us a little personal grooming. He said as a professional photographer he was used to styling his models pubic hair, so it was purely professional and nothing sexual. He said after he trimmed our pubic hair we could do more photos and said we'd be amazed how much better we'd look in the pictures from a trim. To be honest, we weren't sure, it seemed a bit personal to have a complete stranger take a scissors to our nether regions, no matter how good his intentions were. He hadn't tried anything on with us, and had understood when we told him we had boyfriends. But what the heck, why not, we were having a good time, we weren't doing anything wrong or cheating, so our boyfriends would have nothing to worry about - not that we'd tell them about a professional photographer trimming our pubes and taking nude pictures of us, as they might have got the wrong idea. Anyhoo, Zac's intentions were honourable, and from just looking at those bushes on the laptop again, we agreed. 

Linda was first up for a nether regions haircut. Zac put a towel under her as she lay on the bed, her long shapely tanned legs spread, while he took a styling comb to her large bush and teased it up so he could start trimming it off with the scissors he had taken from his wash bag by the bed. He had obviously done this before as he had that large mound reduced to a large short haired V in less than 5 minutes. He then took a beard trimmer from his wash kit and asked Linda to get on her hands and knees so he could safely trim down the thick pubic hair around her vulva from behind. I have to admit I was getting very moist watching Zac trim down her pubic hair as her beautiful spread ass faced me. She was obviously enjoying all this attention as she let out a little moan as the electric beard trimmer buzzed around her most private of areas. And she certainly didn't object when he took out an electric lady shaver from his box of tricks in his wash kit and suggested it would be best if he shaved her pussy completely bare. What had started off as a haircut, Zac had been craftily plotting a full shave. Still, he was doing this for professional reasons and nothing sexual so it was ok. That said, I nearly had an orgasm watching Zac shaving Linda smooth from behind, then turning her over to lie back on the bed so he could shave the short hairs off her V completely. 

When he was finished shaving her pussy she looked absolutely fantastic, completely hairless down below. Her once thick bush lying in a heap on the towel. Because Linda has such naturally tanned skin, the white V shape skin where her thick mound once nested stood out like an erection on a nudist beach. I'm not sure her boyfriend would have been ok with his girlfriend's pubic hair being completely shaved off by another man, photographer or not, but she looked fantastic. 

From watching Linda's pussy being shaven bare by a guy we had just met, I couldn't wait to let Zac shave me clean as I was so horney from drinking in Linda's experience. I vowed to myself that as soon as the photo shoot was over I was going to rush home to my flat and get my vibrator out ... I could hardly wait! 

Judging by the bulge in Zac trousers, I wasn't the only one who was turned on, but nothing was going to happen because we had boyfriends. As for being shaved, I can't describe how good it felt having Zac remove all my pubic hair - he had Linda hold my ass cheeks apart while the beard trimmer then lady shaver buzzed me clean on my hands and knees, then lay me back on the bed so he could shave all the hair he had previously trimmed off the front. I felt so smooth and clean, and too mention, sexy. Note to self, don't forget extra batteries on way home. But to my surprise, Zac said he was not finished yet and he got me back on my hands and knees again and spread my ass cheeks and asked Linda to hand him a tweezers in his wash kit, and could she also get on her hands and knees beside me on the bed so he could pluck the few hairs we had between our assholes. Talk about intimate! If our boyfriends could have seen us! Bums in the air after being clean shaven by a man we had just met, who was now plucking around our assholes - they'd have shit. 

Well, now completely bald down below around every orifice, Zac started taking photos of Linda again. Only this time he was naked himself. He said he was getting too hot from all the effort he went into shaving our pussies, and besides, considering we were completely naked, it was only fair he was as well. And he had the decency to apologise for his large erection as he said although his intentions were honourable, he was still a red blooded male and it was impossible not to be turned on looking at two beautiful naked women - the silver tongued devil. 

Linda and I couldn't take our eyes off his gorgeous, well muscled hard body. He was absolutely ripped with biceps as rigid as his beautiful big erect cock. Usually I find penises ugly, but Zac's was lovely and thick and straight, and about 9 inches at a guess and much bigger than Ken's. Linda said he was much bigger than Rick, her boyfriend's, cock, as well. Zac laughed, he was in his mid thirties, and our boyfriends were very early twenties, he said he had a real man's cock and that a man's prick is not fully girthed until they reach their thirties. 

By this stage all resolve was gone, I knew I was going to be unfaithful to Ken, but I was powerless to resist. Just looking at this beautiful naked man with a gorgeous big erect prick, and I know I should have seen it coming; we both should have seen it coming, Zac had been serenading us, and knew the sight of his beautiful body would be too much for us to say no. 

With a knowing look on his face, he said: "Why don't you get down on your knees and suck my cock, Samantha, while I photograph Linda." The dirty devil! 

Like the obedient unfaithful twit I was, I got down on my knees and began sucking on Zac's big cock while he photographed Linda. I knew I was cheating on Ken, being so servile to this big cock stud, but I was so turned on and stoned to care by that stage - and so was Linda.

After she was done posing in the nude, it was my turn to be photographed and Linda took her turn to suck on Zac's cock while he snapped away. 

When he was finished photographing me, he had me join Linda on her knees and lick his balls while she sucked on his prick. Zac had a thick mound of V shaped pubic hair, but his balls were naturally hairless and they tasted so smooth as I tongued and licked them at his request. Then Zac told us to swap roles so I could suck on his cock while she licked his gorgeous shaved balls. Next, he got us to stand up, Linda and I giggling away, we'd never done anything like that before, we'd done oral with our partners, but with a complete stranger, the two of us subservient to this cock master - it was insane. 

And while we were sniggering away like naughty schoolgirls, Zac cleaned all the shaving gear and towel off the bed and lay down on it so Linda and I could get on the bed either side of his crotch and lick and suck his cock together. 

While we sucked on Zac's tasty prick, he told us he had a very high sex drive and always needed two girls at a time to satisfy him. While he may have seemed a bit bossy giving us orders on how to please him, he was much older and very experienced so we knew we were about to have a real mans cock inside us, who would be infinitely more experienced in his love making than our immature boyfriends. 

Not surprising, because she was so gorgeous, Linda was the first of us that Zac made love to, lifting her legs over her head so he could ram his scrumptious prick as far as possible up her for maximum pleasure, while I followed out his instructions and fondled his balls as he expertly rode her shaved vagina. When he slowed his pace down, he told me to lick his balls as glided his shaft in and out of Linda's shaved cunt - from the look of sheer pleasure on her beautiful face, I thought she was going to faint with ecstasy. Surprise, surprise, it wasn't long before Linda had an orgasm, and she moaned in pleasure. In fact, she was so thankful to Zac that she took his swollen cock out of her cunt and kissed it all over.

Then it was my turn to be pleasured by the big cock bastard, receiving the present of his beautiful prick going deep inside of my freshly shaved twat. He had Linda hold my legs up over my head while he power fucked me, then he slowed down and told Linda to lick his balls while he slowly fucked me, making me cum in a way I have never done before. Ken in those early days was not great lover, as he was so young, but he's improved over the years, so it was an amazing experience being made love to by a real man who was used to having a couple of girls sucking him off and fucking him every night. 

Because Zac's pubic hair was so thick, it was a bit itchy when he was going in and out of me, so I asked him could I shave his pubes off. He said normally he'd have no problem with that sort of thing, but he had a long term girlfriend back in the USA who would smell a rat if he came back home clean shaven. It was a shame as I'd love to have shaved him bare, but you have to respect his point about his girlfriend sussing something. 
