 Thanks for coming back for the third chapter of this story. For those who are just discovering David and his ladies, you may want to get caught up before you go ahead. The first chapter, Monica, is in the Erotic Couplings category. Chapter two, with Monica's mother Karly, can be found in the Mature listing.

Please enjoy this one, and let me know what you think. 

Thanks for reading. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Life as Monica's boy and Karly's toy settled into a routine. I don't mean that in a negative way. They were both full of surprises, exciting, and lots of fun in the sack. 

What I mean is that I was spending a lot of time at the Pudzianowski household. Monica and I would meet up, go out for a movie, or a meal....whatever....then end up back at the house, in her bed. Several times we walked in right past Karly, which felt a bit strange. She would just smile, lick her finger, and mark another 'one' on her imaginary scoreboard. That meant I owed her another one, and the debt was growing. 

I really expected to end up the meat in a well endowed, dirty-blonde sandwich. In fact, I was looking forward to it, but it never materialized. Instead, I woke up a few times with Karly's lips on mine, or better yet, on my dick. Then she'd spirit me away to her bed, and show me that experience was a wonderful thing. My god, that woman could fuck. She was insatiable, and after spending a few hours pleasing her, I would often wake up to the dawn. My apartment was rapidly becoming the place I went to change clothes, and little more. 

***

"Hello, David."

"Hello Karly," I replied. I talked to her quite often now, daily, if not more. Most of the calls were pretty straight forward...'I'm horny, when are you coming over to fuck me?'....or words to that general effect. Occasionally, she'd just tease me by describing what she wasn't wearing, but that was not really necessary, as her body was indelibly etched, in all its luscious, buxom detail, into my memory, as was her daughter's. I wondered what she was up to today. Maybe I should take the lead. "What are you wearing?" 

"Nothing," she laughed, "but that's not why I'm calling today. I have an idea I'd like to run past you, if that's alright?"

It was unusual for her to be so serious, and so....polite. She was usually very direct, and told me what was going on. For her to ask me for my opinion only made me more curious.

"Yeah....sure. What's up?" I asked. 

"Well, you live with some roommates, right?" she asked, "and you pay rent?" 

"Yep, rent, part of the utilities and groceries, too," I answered. "Why?" 

"I'll get to that. Are you committed to those guys?" she continued. "Will they miss you?" 

"No. They'll just find someone else for my room. Karly, tell me what you're thinking, please?" 

"Wanna move in with us?" she cooed. "You're here most of the time anyway." 

Ah, there's the Karly I know. Straight up and direct. 

"Um, where is this coming from?" I replied 

"The offer is from me," she said, "but it's not just to get you into my bed. I'm thinking practically, as well. I have things I need done around the house, that I'm paying someone else to do. You know....man things, other than those of a horizontal nature. I'd rather pay you. Living here would save you money, and we'd both love to have you here. Seriously, David....I have the room. What do you say?"

It was quite the tempting offer. Save money, make more money, live in a much, much nicer place....and get even more access to the considerable charms of both my ladies. Well, when you put it that way.... 

"Okay, I'm in," I said calmly. 

"Ooooooo, goodie, goodie!" she giggled, "Monica will be so happy."

"I'll bring some stuff over later today, if you want," I said, already liking the idea of upgrading my roommates to include the two lovely ladies. 

"Good," she purred, her voice reverting to her usual smokey tone. Business was concluded, now down to the more important stuff. "I'll keep my pussy all ready for you. We can celebrate together." 

'Celebrate'. Yeah, that's my Karly. I'm sure she was planning to 'celebrate' me unconscious. 

I'd better go pack. 

***

I don't know what you imagine having two highly sexed, incredibly beautiful women as roommates would be like. I hadn't really given it a lot of thought myself, in advance of it coming to fruition. If you think it would be nothing but non-stop sex in one bedroom or another, you'd be wrong. 

There was also the kitchen, dining room, living room, several bathrooms, and even a closet. Outside, there was the deck, and the grassy backyard. I was beginning to think I should have kept my old room as well, just to have someplace to go to rest. They were killing me. 

It wasn't all fucking and blowjobs, of course. I did have a list of chores that needed my attention, and it wasn't a terribly long list. I started to welcome my chore time, as it was always less tiring than playing sex-test dummy with the ladies. Not complaining. Just saying that the two of them were more than a match for me. 

Most nights, I slept with Monica. She was getting pretty attached to me, at least outside of home. She made it very clear that I was spoken for, whenever we interacted with friends, and I felt the same way. She really was a wonderful woman, everything a man could want, and then some. 

At home, though, I was community property, and Karly didn't need to ask if she wanted to borrow me. It was generally first cum, first served, if you'll pardon the pun. If Monica had early classes, I would usually sleep in Karly's room, so she could sleep without interruption, and I couldn't. Karly didn't believe in sleeping away good fucking time, at least, not until she was exhausted. 

***

Monica walked into 'my' room, smiling as usual. She was fresh out of the shower, towelling her hair, and clad in a sexy little robe. Her motions caused her boobs to jiggle, and my eyes were drawn to it. She caught me ogling her, not that it wasn't the general idea of her presence. 

"Hey baby. What's on your schedule for today?" she asked, cheerfully. 

"Well," I answered, "I guess that depends on the weather. I had a few things to do outside, but...." I gestured to the window, where rain was pelting down amid the grey skies. "I guess I'm on rain delay." 

"Hmmmm. What to do?" she giggled, tossing the towel aside. She undid the sash on her robe, and I knew my study time was over, for now. 

It really didn't matter how many times I had been with her....her naked body in my arms....she always had my complete attention when she removed whatever she was wearing. She just had that kind of attraction to me. 

Monica knelt on the foot of the bed, and started a cat-like crawl toward me. The weight of her breasts pushed her robe open, and I watched them sway enticingly, until she pressed them into my face. She was warm, fragrant, soft, and perfect. I nuzzled into her welcoming cleavage, feeling the firm globes surround my face. I nibbled on her erect nipples, suckling them gently. 

"That's nice, baby," she purred, caressing my crotch with her hand. I kept grazing on her stiff pink buds, and she kept palming the bulge that was growing quickly, until she finally tugged the waistband of my shorts down, and extracted my penis, stroking it firmly. "Oh yes, that's my big boy. Let's put this thing to good use, shall we?" 

She smoothly raised up, threw her leg over my hips, and dropped her already well lubricated pussy over the head of my cock, wiggling her pelvis rhythmically as she impaled herself. 

"Oh, that's so fucking good," she grunted. I was still moored to her breast, and moaned softly at the incredible sensation of her warm, snug walls gripping the length of my dick. She rose and fell in a slow, sensuous cycle, tensing and relaxing her well exercised kegal muscles, something she knew drove me crazy. I released her nipple. 

"Oh my god, Mon....you know what that does to me," I whispered, laying back to enjoy the ride. 

"Yes, I do," she giggled, leaning down to give me a passionate kiss. "I love that I can get to you that way. It makes me feel warm inside." Her feelings were showing. 

"So that's the source of the heat!" I joked, happily accepting another kiss from her succulent lips. The robe finally fell away completely, cascading like water from her shoulders. She laid flat against my chest, and rolled over, pulling me on top of her with ease. 

"Come on, baby....fuck me like I'm a rental," she moaned. "Do me hard! Use me for your own pleasure." 

Well, if you insist, my dear. 

I hooked my arms under he legs, spread her wide, and leaned into her. Monica yelped in surprise, but smiled at me. 

"Yeah, baby," she growled, "stuff that big cock into my little pussy so deep!" 

I fucked her, pounding that pussy into submission....screwing her like I was paying by the minute, and wanted to get myself off before I ran out of money. In this position, I could watch her body as it absorbed the fury of my assault. My favourite part....two actually....of the view, was her breasts, of course. They wibbled, wobbled, shook and bounced in three dimensions, like watching jello in an earthquake. 

She was squealing, sharp little 'eeps' and 'oooos' that told me she was having nearly as much fun as I was. The squeals became screams, as a bright flush erupted across her face, neck and chest, and she came. The echoes of her joyful shrieks hadn't even died out when I joined her, pumping a huge load of hot cum into her cunt. She gasped, and smiled, caressing my back as I grunted through the spasms. 

"Good boy," she cooed. "That was exactly what I needed....a very intense quickie." 

"It was fun to watch, too," Karly quipped from the doorway, "especially from this angle." 

I rolled off Monica, and looked at her Mother, leaning against the door jamb, with her arms crossed over her huge chest. She winked at me. I smiled back. 

"You really do have a nice ass, for a guy," she laughed. "It looks yummy bouncing up and down like that, flexing while you fuck my little girl's pussy. I don't think I've ever heard her make noises quite like that. Maybe you can make me sound like that, later today?" 

After I have a nap, I thought, curling up, and feeling the warm, fuzzy feeling surround me. 

***

It was a Tuesday morning, I think, not long after I had moved in. I was in the kitchen, resting back against the counter, drinking my morning coffee, when Monica breezed in. 

"Morning, baby," she said cheerily, almost singing the words. She leaned in and gave me a quick peck on the lips, patting her Mother's head. "Good morning to you too, Mom."

"Mmmm hmmm," Karly replied. 

I feel like I'm leaving something out here.... Oh yeah, now I remember. Did I mention that Karly was naked, on her knees, and giving me a rousing good morning in her own way? 

She bobbed her head a few more times, then pulled back. Her hand pumped my slick shaft while she spoke, and a thick, viscous string of saliva connected her lower lip to the head of my dick, until it snapped, and hung off her chin. 

"Do you want some, honey?" she said softly to her daughter, holding my cock angled in Monica's direction. "I think he's about ready to pop!" 

She was right about that. Before Monica came in, Karly had been using all her considerable cocksucking skills on me for about ten minutes. I was so close to cumming, I was shaking. 

"Thanks for the offer Mom," Monica laughed, "but I'll leave it for you. I had plenty of it last night, and it was wonderful," she continued, her tone softening, the words directed at me. Her eyes sparkled. She leaned in for another kiss, this one more substantial than the previous quick greeting. "Besides, I shouldn't go to class with cum on my breath. Someone might get the wrong idea." She winked, and wiggled her ass at me as she left. 

"Bye stud....bye Mom!" she called over her shoulder. "Don't make him late for class, and don't wear him out....I'm sure I'll want some when I get home!" 

"Have a good day, baby," I called back. Karly's response was muted by the presence of my cock, wedged deep down her throat. 

I was looking down at this beautiful woman as she swallowed my shaft, and she stared back up at me with her smokey blue eyes. She searched out my hands, first one, then the other, placing them atop her head, which she had previously led me to believe she didn't like. Once my hands were in place, she dropped hers to her sides, submitting to my use. 

I began to fuck her face, gently at first, then, as I felt the inevitable explosion approaching, a bit harder. Karly was snorting, quick, sharp breaths timed to be taken when my cock wasn't filling her throat. She was also moaning loudly, urging me on, welcoming the surge of spunk that was now mere seconds away. One last thrust into her mouth, and I held her head tight, lips tangled in my pubes. 

I came. Oh boy, did I cum. Blast after exquisite blast of hot semen ricocheted down her throat, as I emptied my balls, and she just gulped it all happily, humming that little tune like she had our first day in the shower. When I was finished, only then did she reluctantly release her suction, letting my slowly softening rod, slip from her mouth, and taking a well deserved breath. 

Speaking of well deserved breaths, I was taking a few myself, trying to catch up. I looked down, and Pudzianowski Cum Slut, version 1.0, was still happily cleaning my dick of all residual sperm. She was finally satisfied with her task, and stood up with a smile. 

"I was going to have yogurt for breakfast, but yourgurt is much more my style!" she giggled. "I'm going back to bed. Hint, hint." 

I had a little over two hours left before I had to be in my class. It would take me twenty minutes to get there. Add ten minutes for a shower. That left about ninety minutes to enjoy the pleasure of Karly's company. That should be long enough to make her toes curl a couple of times. 

I followed, like an obedient puppy, in her wake as she turned to go up to her bedroom. I know I just blew my wad down her throat, but watching her magnificent ass from close range, as she strode up the stairs, was making my dick twitch back to life. 

A product of her stringent exercise program, Karly's behind was the most perfectly formed piece of feminine pulchritude it had ever been my pleasure to meet in person. Supple, yet firm, it had been sculpted over a lifetime of bike riding, karate, jeet kune do, and jiu jitsu. Of course, since she knew I was right behind her, and was most certainly paying attention, she took every opportunity to shake it for my entertainment. Swinging her hips wide, she giggled teasingly with each step. I placed a hand on each of her hips, caressing her cheeks, and her giggles transformed into growling moans of encouragement. By the time we staggered, in each other's arms, into her bedroom, my cock was standing at attention again, ready to plunge into her juicy cunt. I know it was juicy, because I had two fingers wriggling about inside it. 

"Come on baby," she groaned, slipping out of my grasp, and laying back on the bed. "I'm ready. Just get to it. Fuck me. Now." 

Like I said before....straight up and direct. Karly was nothing if not confident. 

I joined her on the bed, and she reached down to help my prick navigate into her pussy as I positioned myself atop her. 

"Son of a bitch!" she grunted, as I pressed fully into her with one smooth thrust, stretching her hot cunt wide open. "I still can't believe that monster fits in my little girl's vagina." She smiled, and gave me a soft kiss. "I guess she's not so little anymore, is she?" 

"Not the last time I checked," I laughed, beginning a gentle rhythm of strokes into her. The 'last time I checked' Monica was last night, a fact I'm quite sure Karly was fully aware of, as volume control was not a priority in Monica's mind, or her bed. Some cowgirl, missionary, doggie, and a few other positions I didn't have names for had brought about five shrieking orgasms for her, and one big one for me, which Monica had swallowed with ease. "I imagine you heard us last night. Did we wake you?" 

"No," she breathed, absorbing my thrusts happily. "I actually find the sound of you two making love relaxing. I'm glad she has someone who can satisfy her. After I get myself off a few times from listening to you, I sleep like a baby. This is better, though," she grinned, wiggling her hips under me. 

I always figured Karly's fingers were busy between her legs, when we were busy in the other room. Hearing it straight from her was strangely exciting, and I started to pound down into her a bit harder. 

"Oh yeah, baby.....give it to me harder! Fuck me with that big fucking cock!" Her eyes locked onto mine, the cool blue colour a stark contrast to the fire behind them. "Make me cum, lover. I need it!" Like a junkie needs a fix. 

She displayed her remarkable flexibility, deftly swinging her legs open wider, then up, to rest her calves on my shoulders. It gave me another half inch of penetration, and made her lose her mind. She started screaming, and I felt her pussy ripple and clutch at the length of my shaft. I kept drilling her furiously, and she screeched even louder, clawing at my backside as she urged me on. 

"Fuck! Faster!..... Cumming..... Ahhhhhhhhhhnnnn!" she gasped. Her cunt became like a soaking sponge, squishing juices out around my dick with each stroke. She felt wonderful, of course, but watching her cum was enough to push me to the edge. 

"Where?" I growled. Her eyes opened wide, and she smiled. 

"Fill me up, stud!" she groaned, grabbing my ass through the last few frantic jabs that preceded my release. "Ah, yes.....such nice, hot cum," she breathed, while I grunted and pumped the contents of my balls into her. 

Her legs slid off my shoulders, and she wrapped them around my waist, pulling me closer, and cooing softly in my ear. "That's it, baby. Fill my happy pussy with your nice warm spunk. Thank you so much. That was wonderful." 

When someone as beautiful and sexy as she was thanks you for doing something that, truth be told, you did as much for your own gratification as any other reason....it's a pretty big ego boost. 

I rolled off, laying spent beside Karly's sweaty form. I closed my eyes, listening to her licking her fingers as she dipped them into her gooey, overflowing pussy and transferred the contents to her hungry mouth 

"You know," she whispered, after a few mouthfuls, "I love the taste of your jizz, by itself, but add a bit of my own juice for seasoning, and it's the best ever."

"Glad I can be your supplier," I laughed. "Now, I need a shower, and to get to school. Thanks for the memorable morning, honey." 

Memorable. Yeah, good luck concentrating in class after that.

***

It was a Saturday afternoon. I was out in the backyard, cutting the grass, and sweating under the hot sun. Everything that made the yard perfect for casual football games.... big, flat and open....made it hell to take care of. No trees for shade, except for a few around the back corners, it was an oven, and it was my job to keep it cut. Because it was so open, it would get baked out if it wasn't watered often, which the built in sprinkler system took care of, but that also meant it grew like crazy. 

I was cursing the heat, walking the long straight lines behind the mower, headed away from the house. I got to the back fence, did the turn, and set sail toward the front. I saw some movement at the sliding glass doors that opened onto the deck, and focused on it. It took me a few seconds to penetrate the glare and identify what it was. 

Karly was standing in the doorway, naked, holding a razor and can of shave cream. She wagged them at me playfully. I killed the mower, and walked up onto the deck, sliding the door aside. 
