 "Wow," Karen murmured.

"Maybe that's enough," Dale said, again mysteriously concerned about some of what the tapes may reveal. Karen was intensely curious. 

"What are you guys holding back from me?" she asked. "What do I need to do to earn a look at the rest of the videos?"

Dale and Bev exchanged looks. "Do you find the videos fun? Exciting? Sexy?" Bev asked her.

"Oh yes, they are hot," Karen replied.

"Good. Then maybe you will let us make some videos of the rest of this weekend. After all, wouldn't you like a momento of this adventure for yourself? Bev asked.

"Oh, no way," Karen protested.

"Well that's a bit hypocritical, don't you think?" Bev pushed. She was right, \Karen thought to herself. "Besides, you are incredibly beautiful and sexy... and very sexual. You will be quite impressed to see yourself like that on video of your own. And it will be our secret. You are, after all, now one of our very best secrets." Karen was shocked to catch herself smiling and nodding at actually daring to agree to this.

"Show my one more clip," she begged, giggling, hoping it would encourage her to proceed with such a naughty idea. 

"You could show her your double-fuck video," Dale suggested.

"No, she is not ready fort hat, and neither am I," Bev answered. What were they talking about, Karen wondered, her mind racing as she faced another new sexual adventure, something more naughty than she ever would have otherwise agreed to.

Bev selected a title from the DVD. "Oh my," she heard Dale say as he saw what was coming. 

"I think you'll love this one. Just put yourself in my place in this clip." The scene showed the young man sitting on the easy chair in their hotel suite. He was, of course, nude, his erection standing tall and anxious. Bev entered the scene, kneeling between his legs, spreading his thighs. Dale obviously worked the camera as the scene showed Bev carefully massaging, licking and sucking the young man. She did linger at this. She had plans. 

The view widened to show Bev wearing a tiny while lace teddy. She turned back to him. The camera was now on its tripod as Dale stepped into the scene, also naked. He slipped off Bev's teddy and carefully guided her down toward Mark's lap. He knelt to ease her down, taking Mark's erection in his hand to align it to her pussy as she sat down on it. She and Dale worked it gradually into her as she eased further and further down onto it, until she was finally completely down on his lap and his cock pushed all the way into her pussy. She laid back against Mark's chest and he gathered her breasts into his hands. He rolled her nipples with his fingers as she began to slide up and down on his erection. Karen was fascinated watching Bev's labia wrapped around his cock sliding in and out of her pussy.

Dale knelt and began rolling her clitoris in his fingers as she rode the young man. Soon he leaned forward and began to lick her. She eased her strokes to let him find her with his mouth. She moaned loudly as soon as he sealed his mouth around her clitoris and labia and began to suck. Her moans began to get intense as Dale worked on her. Dale released her from his mouth and sit upright. He slipped his fingers around the opening of her vagina, stretched tightly around the young man's shaft. He worked at this a bit until he finally was able to slip first one, then two, then three fingers into her pussy, along side of Mark's cock. She groaned loudly as each finger was slid into her, filling her even more. He then began to stroke his fingers in and out, finger-fucking her and rubbing the cock buried deeply in her pussy. Mark moaned loudly at this.. 

Bev become frantic when Dale leaned forward and resumed sucking her. Dale was stimulating both of them as Bev soon cried out with a powerful orgasm. Dale kept licking and stroking and she soon climaxed again. Dale knew that was all the licking she could tolerate right now, so he sat upright and continued to stroke with his fingers as Mark began to moan more and more. In a few moments the young man cried out he was going to come. Dale stopped pumping and simply flicked his fingers across the young man's cock until he cried out with a climax. "Oh my, can you feel that, dear?" Bev moaned. 

"Yes, I feel that," Dale replied, fascinated with what he was feeling.

Once the young man's orgasm finally began to fade, Dale withdrew his fingers, coated with semen, which he spread onto Bev's tummy. Bev slid up the young man's belly, letting his cock fall out of her. Semen poured out and Dale scooped it with his fingers and massaged it all over her pubis. Bev became very excited by this..

"That was a very unique experience," Bev told Karen. "You might want to try that, maybe?"

"Yeah, perhaps so," Karen softly replied.

"Let's not show her any more, at least not yet," Dale asked. Karen could not believe there could be more, even more kinky or unique than she had thus far witnessed. This couple was amazing, she thought.

"Let's make a really naughty video," Bev whispered into Karen's ear. Every bone in her body said no way. But her sex had been taken over by this couple, Bev in particular. She was theirs. "We'll make some recording of some cute little sex play, then I will edit them into a really nice private DVD for you to take home. We will entitle it 'Secrets". How's that sound?"

They got out the digital video camera and spent the day making video clips. Bev directed and Karen did whatever she was asked. They started mildly, Bev taping Karen giving a nude Dale an erotic lingerie fashion show, quick little scenes of Karen stepping into the room and going to Dale, turning to let him see what she had, then letting him strip it off her, then repeating the scenario several times with virtually all of Bev's collection. 

They then taped Dale and Bev trimming. then shaving Karen's pussy. It was a wonderful transformation from a fluff of pubic hair that did not quite hide her full labia now erect clitoris... to finally showing off beautifully shaped outer lips surrounding substantial inner lips that framed a very large clitoris. Dale and Bev thoroughly enjoyed licking Karen's now smooth pussy, taking turns after each orgasm they gave her. Bev marveled at Karen's ability to so easily climax over and over.

They made a clip of Karen sucking and licking Dale's cock, not quite to orgasm but close. Bev wanted this to last. Karen then mounted Dale's cock, just as she had watched Bev on the video, sitting on his lap, her back to his chest, with Bev kneeling between their legs. The camera recorded Bev licking Karen as she stroked Dale's cock buried in Karen pussy. It ended up as messy as the version she had watched that morning, the video showing semen dripping from her pussy once they were done playing with her. 

The final clip was one Bev had been anxious to have for herself, Karen taking her time making sensual, erotic love to Bev spread-eagle in the middle of their bed, Dale making sure he got lots of naughty close-ups of they sex-play. It was a highly erotic lesbian love tape.

More to cum...