 "Yes, I'd say you are now one of our secrets, for sure," Bev answered.

"Well, if I am now one of your secrets, maybe you can share some of those secrets with me? I am intrigued... curious," Karen now teased. She was opening up sexually to them now, allowing herself to be more playful. 

"Like what. What do you want to know?" Bev asked as she lathered Karen's breasts and Dale soaped her bottom. 

"Careful, dear," dale warned. That really intrigued Karen.

"No, go ahead, tell me, all of it. I think it's exciting," she coaxed. "Like, am I the first girl the two of you have brought home for the weekend? Like, who did make those naughty videos? And do you have others I can watch? Like, what other adventures have you had. Tell me your sexy secrets," she begged.

She caught dale and Bev exchange looks and share a non-verbal OK. This could be good, she thought. 

"Actually, yes, you are the first girl we have shared, at least like this." Bev began to explain. "This is my payback to Dale for a special treat he gave me for my birthday last year." 

"Really? Tell me everything," Karen coaxed excitedly.

"Well, Karen, you may or may not realize that virtually every mature woman, those over 30 at least, harbor one or both of the so-called 'ultimate' fantasies... bringing a much younger man to bed to play with... and brining two horny men into your bed to share you all night," Bev explained. Karen was intrigued. Bev continued, "Well, last summer Dale had a young college student working for him for the summer, a very nice, very cute, barely legal -- in some states, at least— fine young man. I think he was only 19 or 20. But he was hot. I got wet every time I was around him. That was when Dale dared to make him a proposition. I guess I made it easy for him because I teased the young man without mercy all summer. I made sure he always saw me wearing the skimpiest, most revealing summer outfits. I love having men look at me sexually, especially young guys like this. It was obvious he liked seeing me braless and showing lots of skin. Whenever I caught him looking at my breasts, I encouraged him with a knowing smile of approval. He never hesitated to drink my in with his eyes after that. I even dared to flash him with some really baggy, really short shorts, with no panties."

"You did more than merely flash, dear," dale added.

"I guess he's right," Bev continued. "I sat across from him during a private cookout Dale and I had with him, my legs spread on full display. He had to know I was showing off to him. I let my blouse hang open for him to gaze at my breasts and he did not disappoint me."

"You slut!" Karen giggled.

"It had the desired effect, because that night Dale took him aside and told him I had a wicked crush on him, and a powerful fantasy of having him and Dale take me away for a weekend of sex. The young man jumped at the idea. They made plans to take me to a nice resort on the coast two days later for a long four-day weekend of sex. It was the longest two days of anticipation I had ever experienced. But it was so worth it. We had the hottest, naughtiest sex you can imagine... and more sex than I ever thought possible. That is where some of our naughtiest videos came from."

"You have to show them to me," Karen coaxed as they climbed out of the shower. The three of them, each dressed only in t-shirt and their bare bottoms, made their way to the living room where they could slip the DVDs into the widescreen TV. Bev selected several from the back of the drawer. Dale seemed concerned over which ones she was selecting. Karen said she wanted to see the ones Dale was worried about. "Maybe later, Karen, maybe later. Some secrets are a bit too much to easily share, you know," Bev defended.

The TV lit up and the video ran. "Mark was so cooperative. He did whatever we suggested. I guess he realized that would assure him the best experience. Pay attention to that principle, young lady," Bev directed to Karen. The video camera was apparently set on a tripod as the scene was a steady view of a naked Bev face down on the bed and two men, also naked, kneeling on the bed on either side of her giving her a two-man massage. Mark, the young man, was obviously quite excited. He had a slim build and obviously young body, but a very large erection rather wildly bouncing about as he moved. All it took was a nod from Dale and the young man quickly mounted Bev from behind and carefully pushed his oversized cock into her. Karen heard Bev moaning loudly as the boy impaled her with a cock far bigger than she had ever before experienced. 

"He's an impressive young man," Bev commented.

The scene showed that Dale obviously got up from the bed and took the camera from its perch and moved it closer for a better view of the young man fucking his wife. There was soon a close-up of the young man's cock, quite inflamed, shiny wet with her juices sliding in and out of her tightly-stretched pussy. Both were moaning loudly. It took the young man less than five minutes before he cried out he was going to come. The picture widened to show the young man contorting and spasming with a powerful orgasm. It was most impressive.

"That boy could really fuck," Bev said. "But you ain't seen nothin' yet, young lady," she added. "I had forgotten how a young man can fuck. Once he had come, he sat back , watched Dale fuck me, and got himself all hot to fuck me again. The guys got a bit competitive with their sexual performances, and I got all the benefits of that. They just could not stop making love to me. Watch." The camera appeared to be again anchored to the tripod. Dale knelt next to them to await his turn. As soon as the young man pulled out of Bev, Dale quickly took his place and resumed fucking Bev, still lying prone on the bed. He was obviously very excited and took very little time before he, too, had a powerful climax. The young man never left their side through this, anxiously awaiting his turn. Dale pulled out of Bev and she finally took the opportunity to turn onto her back. Mark immediately crawled between her legs. Bev wrapped her arms and legs around the young stud as he pushed into her.

"I tell you what, Karen, I was some sloppy by that point. I had so much come pouring out of me by then that Mark probably could have slipped his arm into me. But it was so hot having them that horny for me.' Bev explained. "They gave me so much sex that weekend. One could not fuck me without the other one getting in on it. And they couldn't each fuck me once; they both had to fuck me twice, or at least give it a good hard try. It was as if I had four of them in my bed. What a rush." Karen was amazed, entranced by the thought of what it had to be like.

Bev had edited the video to shorten it but still preserve the adventure. "Making videos of that weekend's adventure's made it even more exciting, plus we get to re-live it whenever we want, and to entertain special guests like you.' Bev told her.

"Special guests, eh? So who else have you showed this to?" Karen asked with a suspicious smile.

"More secrets," was all Bev answered with a wink.

The video continued, showing Dale and the young man fuck Bev a total of four times during that encounter.

The scene soon switched to a different clip. It was the same one they had watched yesterday, of Dale sucking and licking Bev. Bev fast-forwarded through it to the next clip. This one showed Bev sitting on the foot of the bed and the two boys standing in front of her, their erections both pointing at her. "Oh yes, this was fun," Bev remarked. "It is amazing what a girl can come up with when she is too sore to fuck but the boys still need to come." The video showed Bev fondling them, one in each hand. She slipped Dale into her mouth as she pumped Mark with her hand, then she switched. She went back and forth with them. She rubbed both on either side of her face. She tried stuffing both of them into her mouth but together they were too much. She held them close enough to lick both at once. She pulled them closer still and rubbed the underside of their cocks together. The boys both began to tremble. Bev was heard teasing them, 'Oh my, are you boys are going to come all over each other?' Mark was heard to say he was going to come, so she slipped him into her mouth where she sucked and swirled until he climaxed. She continued to suck and swallow until he was done. She was not quick enough to get back to Dale because his cock seemed to burst, blasting spurt after spurt of semen all over both Bev and Mark.

"Wow," Karen murmured.

"Maybe that's enough," Dale said, again mysteriously concerned about some of what the tapes may reveal. Karen was intensely curious. 

"What are you guys holding back from me?" she asked. "What do I need to do to earn a look at the rest of the videos?"