 It was getting close to 8pm and the time when our guests were due to start arriving. The rumor was that what had started several weeks ago as a plan for a quiet evening with a few friends, would ultimately prove to be anything but that. A "get together" at our place had always tended towards being something of a wild evening with a few select friends, but this time it was looking like it would be different. 

My wife Annie called from the bedroom, "What am I supposed to wear? Can you pick an outfit out for me?"

"Hmmm how about your nice little French maid outfit? I think you're going to be working tonight, I mean you are here to serve everyone right?" I said. 

"Oui oui!" she replied. 

I returned to trying to sort out the drinks for the evening. I was expecting to see maybe a half dozen people show up, but it sounded like at least three times that many were planning to arrive. Knowing that I could expect roughly half as many people to show up as those who promise to, suggested I needed enough to get roughly a dozen people drunk.

All of these people were professional drinkers. I was certain I wouldn't have enough booze. I tended to hold my own when drinking, it's hard for a guy at 6'1" and nearing 190 to not be able to drink at least moderately well, especially if he's half Irish. But it's difficult to want to drink often when every other day is spent at the gym. Neither being drunk, nor nursing a hangover, helps with the picking stuff up and putting stuff back down.

"It won't be a very expensive outfit, since it's probably going to get torn a bit. Maybe. Hopefully." I called out. Maybe if everyone was distracted I wouldn't need as much alcohol.

"Well I hope so too! I'm surprised this outfit has survived this long. Maybe if I..." my wife stepped out into the living room and didn't bother finishing her sentence when she saw my face. She always looked good but tonight she looked amazing. 

"You're drooling," she said smiling at me with that wicked grin of hers. 

"I'm not drooling, this is me thinking that our guests better hurry up. You know I have a weakness for redhead and don't like to be kept waiting." 

I handed her a bottle as she grinned back at me before disappearing into the bedroom. I've always had a fondness for red hair but with my wife, it was the full package. At 5'6" she was a fiery girl that was both spontaneous and fun, but loved to spend some nights at home together all alone. The best of both worlds wrapped up in an adorable package and topped with a red bow. But if I had to pick body parts out as my three favorites, it was the red hair, the wicked smile that found their way onto those dirty lips of hers, and her generous 36D cup breasts. The reptile part of my brain never tired of staring at her. The thin waist with those huge tits, it had an effect on everyone who saw them. And when they're that big, everyone sees them. 

I called after her, "Hey! Once you're tipsy, I'll want you to stay in the bedroom while our friends are arriving. After most everyone is there, I want them all to have a few before we bring you out. I want to be sure to set the mood since you'll be our entertainment tonight and you know how I love to see our guests entertained."

"Okay! How many people are coming over? Our usual friends or more?" she asked from the bedroom. 

"Uh... a bit of both I think. I'm expecting maybe a dozen people or so, maybe more if they bring friends. I told them there would be entertainment tonight, so I expect there will be plenty of people who show up. I hope you don't mind," I said before returning to the work of getting the drinks ready.

"Not at all, the more the merrier! And I looooove our friends! Especially the girls!"

"Oh you do? I know how much you love having lots of girlfriends over but it might be more guys this time. I expect more than a few single guys are going to be particularly interested in tonight's party favor. Once they see you..." my voice trailed off.

"Once they see me what?!" she asked. 

"Well if you beg nicely and promise to entertain all our guests..." I teased her. 

My wife giggled in response, "That sounds delightful."

- an hour later -

About a dozen people showed up. Some close friends that we've spent time with before. Some new faces. The new faces were mostly guys. Clearly the promise of tonight's entertainment being special was enough to draw a few new friends over. I turned the music down and asked everyone if they were ready for the night's entertainment. A loud cry went up from the room promising that they all were indeed ready. 

I walked into our bedroom where my wife was waiting patiently in her French maid outfit. 

"Do I get to play now daddy?" she asked.

In answer, I clipped a small chain to her choker collar. I've always loved the sight of that dark black, thin choker around my wife's pale skin. Something erotic about seeing the thin material around her neck and the way it stood out in contrast to her body. I led her out of the room by the choker.

With the music playing quietly in the background, every eye was on my wife as I paraded her out into the living room. For some it was the first time seeing her like this, for others it was their second or third. But everyone recognized and appreciated sexy when they saw it. I brought her out past the gathered guests, tiny French maid outfit pretending to cover her up as she walked past greedy, hungry eyes.

I drew her into the living room, to an ottoman that sat next to the coffee table. This was as good a place as any. 

"So tonight I figured a good guest entertains his friends. I brought you a party favor. I hope you don't mind," I said. "Now my little girl needs to stay here, and do what she's told. Okay?"

My cute little wife replied, "I'll do anything I'm told."

"That's a good girl," I answered while patting her on the head. I drew her down onto the ottoman by the collar. She knelt down against it without protest. I clipped the chain to the coffee table nearby.

"This means you'll behave? I don't need to get the cuffs out right?" I asked.

"No sir, of course not...I'm here to be a good toy," came her reply. Those innocent lips puckered up into a pretend pout at the thought of being considered unaccommodating. 

"That's a good girl. Does my dirty little girl want to be blindfolded for this? Do you want to see how our party toy is being used? Or do you want it to be a surprise?" I asked.

"I want to see," she said.

"Mmmm okay then, no blindfold tonight. In fact, since you're being such a good girl, I think I'll use you first. I think it's time to see how well you can entertain me and our guests." With that I pulled on her chain, bending her over against the seat. Her arms stretched out to cling to it, preparing for what was to come.

"Mmmm... Yessss..." Annie groaned happily as she complied.

I knelt down behind her, reached under her outfit, and grabbed her panties. I slowly slid them off of her before taking them off and put them in her mouth to give her something to bite down on. She was now naked from the waist down, her maid skirt hiked up around her hips. On display for everyone to see, and they were definitely watching.

Most every guy watching was immediately hungry for their turn. The sight of her, bare ass on display, was turning everyone on. The effect was immediate on everyone watching. They wanted her.

I asked her if she was ready for what was to come, but of course she couldn't respond through the panties. A muffled," Mwwaaa hwwaaa," was the closest thing to a response I got. 

I knelt down behind my wife, my beautiful deviant, wicked redhead, and pulled down the zipper on my jeans. I looked around at the faces of everyone watching. Girls were pressed close to their men, some were biting their bottom lips. Guys were trying to inconspicuously massage the front of their pants. I undid the top button and drew out my cock. I was already ready. 

I started to rub it against her. My cock, teasing up a down her slit. I instantly felt how wet she was, how much she was turned on, being exposed to the room, on her knees with everyone watching. She stared around at the faces in the room watching and wanting to see the lust in their eyes. Everyone here already wanted to fuck her, my cock was just the first one to use her tonight but it was clear that it would not be the last.

She felt it stop teasing, then slowly slide all the way in. She moaned for a moment before opening her eyes and locking gaze with another redhead standing in front of her. She had a look of want in her face. She licked her lips, watching my wife take all of me into her. Her hand wandered down to the front of the guy's pants standing next to her. This couple was new to us but it was clear we were going to get along very well. 

"Mmmm... I love this, being used on display for everyone watching," she moaned over her shoulder back to me. "And I love that you're the first to have me." She licked her lips at the redhead and the bulging man as I pushed my cock deeper into her. It was clear by the look in their eyes that they wanted to be the next to play. 

Her hips rocked back against me, feeling me push my cock all the way in, then slowly slide it back out. Everyone watched, seeing my cock come out of her, completely wet. Soaking and dripping wet, so eager to be fucked on display for everyone to watch. The redhead bent over and kissed Annie on the lips, before whispering, "I want to hear you beg for his cock. Then another. And another."

Annie moaned as she enjoyed the taste of her tongue, the feel of being filled from behind, it was all almost too much for her. She opened her eyes and stared at the redhead's partner. Her hand was on the front of his pants, rubbing against him. Staring at the man's bulge, Annie cried out, "Mmmm please. PLEASE give it to me. I want that. I want that cock right there. Please!"

Annie's body continued to rock forward and back against the seat. Every thrust shoved her into it, her hips rocking back as I would pull my cock back out. The redhead looked down at her, at her begging for it. 

She said, "That's a good slut." 

She turned to her man, reached down and pulled it out for Annie to see. His eyes stayed fixed on my wife's face. Annie's eyes lit up seeing it brought out for her. Watching her getting even more turned on, watching my wife staring up at another man's cock, I felt my thrusts begin to speed up on their own. My cock ramming into her faster, and harder.

Annie licked her lips as she gazed on this new cock. Watched with eager anticipation as it was led, in the redhead's hands, to her lips. The sound of my skin slapping against hers was driving her wild. The feeling of me pounding into her, deeper, and deeper, brought a growl out of her before she yelled out "Mmmm... Give it to me! Both of you!" 

My thrusts started coming harder and faster. Her hips, rocking back against me to meet each thrust. Annie could tell by the way I was gripping her hip, ramming myself into her, that I was getting close. I could never last long once she started to beg. 

The redhead's fingers wrapped around it, Annie's lips felt his cock against her mouth. She opened her mouth and welcomed it in. Taking it in deep, watching the redhead feed it to her. 

"How long has it been since you've had a new cock in your mouth?" I asked her.

"Oh it's been far too long. I love this!" Annie said. 

The redhead continued to help guide the cock into Annie's open and inviting mouth, "Mmmm that tastes so fucking good. He reached down and grabbed Annie's head with both hands and started thrusting. Instinctively matching his rhythm to mine as I fucked her from behind.

Watching my wife take this new cock in her mouth was turning me on even more. Knowing it's been a while since her last taste of someone else, makes me want to see her enjoy herself. My pace picked up even more as I watched her hold his cock to her lips. Annie's greedy mouth taking it all in.

I grabbed her hips and pulled her into me, thrusting deep and hard into her one final time. My grunt carrying loudly through the living room for everyone to hear and see. Me on my knees, behind my wife, my cock buried in her, filling her with cum.

Annie cried out, "Oh god, I love that feeling. Cum for me baby! I love it, being filled with it. Fill me up! I want to be a good girl." Her hands still clinging to the seat she was laying up against. Her mouth eagerly returning to devouring the cock in front of her. Working her tongue around the head of his cock, licking her fingers, and moaning while being filled up. 

I felt myself inside her, holding her hips against me, rocking gently back into me as each throb of my cock pushed more cum out into her. 

"Mmmm I love the feeling of it dripping out of me. It feels so fucking good. I want more!" Annie said as she stared at the redhead in front of her. Annie opened her mouth to take the redhead's man's cock again but instead, the redhead knelt down to her. Her lips pressing themselves against Annie. Tasting her man's cock on my wife's mouth. Then kissing her lips, all around, licking up the taste of her boyfriend.

Annie felt hands on her hips again. Glancing to her side, she saw me next to her. 

I asked, "How dirty does my slut want to be today?"

Annie smiled at me with that devilish grin of hers that I love so much, "As dirty as you can make me, daddy." 

That look is all it takes. Immediately, the redhead started feeding her boyfriend's cock to Annie again. Seeing his cock sliding into her lips; that grin as she smiled up at me from around his thick meat. That mischievous look in her eyes.

"In that case love, I want my girl tonight to be a dirty, dirty, slut." 

Annie's fingers reached out, wrapping around the man's cock. Slowly stroking the shaft. Feeling it dripping with her saliva. She gave the tip a playful lick, before looking up at the crowd. 

"Use me. I'm tonight's party favor. Use me any way you want." Her hips, gently rocked back against whoever it was holding her from behind. Annie felt a hand leave her hips. A new cock, being rubbed up against her. Her new redhead friend pulled the cock away from her, replacing it with her lips. The only two redheaded girls at the party, kissing each other. The new girl sucking on Annie's tongue and lips, wanting to taste as much of her man on Annie's mouth as possible. 

Annie reached out, pulling this new girl down closer to her by her hips. Lowering her down onto the ottoman with her. "May I daddy?" she asked with that devious grin on her face. 

In response, I looked up at the redhead's boyfriend, who nodded. I then reached down and helped her slide out of her panties. She leaned back and laid her head against her boyfriend, who stood behind her to help prop her up for Annie, who immediately began to devour her new friend. 

"Mmmm this tastes soooo so good," she moaned through a mouthful of pussy. "I love the way... OH!..." A squeak of pleasure escaping her at the feeling of a new cock pressing itself into her.

"How does it feel? How long has it been since you've felt another cock inside you?" 

"Mmmm I love the feeling of a new cock inside me. Another hard, thick, warm cock. Oh it feels so fucking good. Maybe not as good as my daddy's, but it still feels so good. It's been too long, too too long," said Annie.

Annie relished in feeling the new cock sliding into her. Not daring to look back and see who this stranger was, or what he looked like. Instead returning her attention to the girl spread before her. Eagerly giving her small kisses against her legs. Moving slowly up her thighs. Kissing between her legs, teasing her. Moaning with each thrust into her from her new anonymous friend behind her. Feeling his speed picking up with each thrust, his intensity driving harder into her. 

Annie could feel every eye on her, watching her. It drove her even further towards the edge. She loved the attention, the sense of desire at being wanted. The guys in the room, idly stroking their cocks, watching her being fucked. I bent over and whispered in her ear. 

"That's my good girl. Take it all in. Make it feel good. I want him to know how lucky I am to have you. I want everyone here to know how dirty you can be, and to want to fuck you. I want them all to see that you're my property, you belong to me, and I can loan you out to whoever I want."

Annie moaned with pleasure. Looked up from her redhead, her eyes darted around the room taking in the sights of so many people watching and turned on by her. 

She said, "Mmmm... All these eyes on me, watching me. It makes me so wet. I just want to please you daddy. I just want..."

The redhead interrupted her, forcing her boyfriend's cock back into Annie's mouth. My wife, on her knees in front of me, sucking cock and getting fucked at the same time. Staring at her with that devilish smile on her face, moaning at the pleasure. 

She looked up at me, pulled the cock from her lips. "Daddy? I feel the cock in my pussy getting closer daddy. You're the only one who gets to cum inside of me right? That's daddy's property."

I thought about it and said "I don't know. Daddy's dirty girl would take it however she's told."

I turned to the guy behind her and asked, "What do you want to do?"

He replied "I want to fill her." His voice was deep, gruffer than Annie had expected.

"I'm sorry love, I think you need to be filled. I want you to please everyone here. I want cum all over you and inside of you. I want you to milk it and drain it inside of you. Until it's also dripping out of you. Daddy's property is keeping you at night, when everyone else wants to take you home. Knowing that you sleep in my bed, no one else's. Falling asleep belongs to me, but your body is our toy tonight."

I told him to fuck her, harder, and not to stop.

Annie's eyes rolled back in a moan she couldn't contain, feeling the cock inside of her getting closer. The thrusts coming faster, harder, deeper into her. Holding her body still for him. "Yes, daddy. You know I'll do anything you tell me to. ANYTHING."

I looked up at the crowd in the room, gathered around, watching my wife get fucked. I reached over and slapped her on the ass, hard. She gave out a yelp of surprise. I spanked her again and again. Each time bringing more red to her cheeks, and more cries of momentary pain followed by pleasure.

"I said I wanted you to fuck him good," I said giving her one last spank.

"Yes daddy!" she cried out. Forcing her hips to work in rhythm with his thrusts. Pushing back on each shove into her. She could feel his hands on her hips tightening.

"That's daddy's good girl," I said. "You're such a good slut for daddy. Does daddy's little slut want to make daddy proud?"

Annie nodded vigorously, "Oh yes please. I want to make daddy proud!" 

Annie rocked her hips back to meet his thrusts, she felt it swelling up inside of her. His balls, slapping against her on each thrust, tightening up. Her concentration broken by the redhead forcing her boyfriend's cock back into Annie's mouth. 

"Fuck that's hot. Get him nice and wet," the redhead demanded. "I want him to go next."

She concentrated on the cock in her mouth, her tongue surrounding it. Getting it wet. She also felt the cock inside of her, thrusting into her one last time. She moaned around a mouthful of cock while she felt it explode inside her. Filling her. Each throb of his cock sent shivers throughout her body.

"How long has it been since my slut felt someone else's cum inside of them?" I asked.

Annie moaned again, feeling the redhead's boyfriend's cock slip from her lips. "Too long daddy. All of this. It's been far too long." 

The redhead looked at Annie, "Be a good slut for him and ..."

"I think we need more room," I said, as I picked Annie up, untethering her from the coffee table. I carried her into the bedroom, laying her down across the bed on her back. Annie looked up at us, watching us. Wondering what was coming next. 
