 She Plays The Whore For One Night

Hi, I'm Suzie, I say goodbye to the last ones before they leave the conference room at the end of this second seminar day in Montreal. This afternoon, I have make a very good impression in front of more than one hundred and fifty peoples by my comments as a thirty five years woman involved in all the spheres of her very prosperous business. Still talking with them, I see from the corner of my eye a young man and a young woman in their twenties laughing at me in my back. They must have found that I really looked like an old maiden with my attitude so strict and so austere. It's true that with a pair of big black frame glasses, with my ponytail hair braided and tied in a bun on the back of my head and as I was wearing a impeccable businesswoman's suit, I didn't leaved anything guessed from my femininity. 

This afternoon throughout all my conference of more than one hour and a half, they were the only two persons in this conference room who noticed that I discreetly crossed and rubbed my thighs ones against the other and I have done that all along my speech. Maybe thirty minutes have pass in my conference when I noticed without ever letting them know that I saw them as they get both excited each time that I rubbed my thighs so.

The young woman doesn't suspect that when I looked at her as I'm standing on the stage on front-scene, I can saw that she had open hers thigh and every times that I do that she had spread them a little bit more. As I can't stop to glance often where she was sitting, once, I catch her with her hand on her panties while her companion whisper in hers ears, and, form his smile I was sure that he knew dam well what the young slut was doing.

I make a joke to keep all the audience attention while the young lady removed discreetly her hand to smell hers fingers before she let her companion smelled them, too. Moment later, the young lady keeps hers hands wisely on the table and I perceived her companion's hand running up between her thighs. I make another joke, the young man take advantage of that to make a wink to her as he removed his hand to lick his fingers. They still didn't suspected that it's was me now who can't stop to spy on them. 

Moments later, while everybody in the room replaced their buttocks on their chair after I had make them laugh with another joke I put innocently a hand in front of my skirt and very discreetly and only for the time of a wink knowing that those two didn't lack anything from my touches, I teased them even more by rubbing my thumb through my skirt and in a hurry I pressed it on my pussy. 

Both, the young lady and her companion reacted by smiling to each other, they licked their lips anticipating some reactions from I, but they have to remain on their appetite because my face still stay of ice without revealing all the enjoyment which I got to act so and especially of seeing them more and more aroused. As the young slut moved hers buttocks to the end of her chair and she spread hers legs one more time, I catch a glimpse of her panties before her companion's hand hide it to I as this hand moved closer and closer to her pussy. I watched both of them while the young slut can't stop herself to wriggle from hips and thighs. 

Throughout all my conference, all this stimulated me to rub my thighs very discreetly and a little bit longer at each time. With my performance as a speaker and to see those two acting so without letting them imagined that I knew their game, make me filled horny. I acted as if I was concentrated only in my conference till the end of it which terminated this second and last seminar day for warned business peoples.

Be sure that as soon as I was finally all alone in my room, in a hurry I removed my suit followed by the shirt which I had keep buttoned to my neck all day long. I untied my hair and let them dropped on my shoulders. I take off my skirt followed by my string and I kicked them off but I had the time to see that my panties was quite stained with my wetness. Smiling to myself I knew that it will make a big surprise to Robert my husband when he will ask me what I had thought when I was all alone for those three nights in Montreal. Be sure that I will be proud to show it to him and to arouse him even more I will ask darling to smell it, too. I run to throw myself under the shower and I don't even take the time to pull the curtain when I spread my legs to slid a first finger between my pussy lips and I began a slow masturbation so much stimulating under the hot water while I filled the need to guide my finger to my clitoris and all the exciting forbidden pleasures started all again. 

I closed my eyes as I touched my breasts with my other hand, using my thumb and my index finger to pinch the nipples. Flashing through my mind I dreamed that both the young man and the young woman from this afternoon were already under this shower with me. In my fantasy, the young lady kneeled in front of me and she starts to lick my clitoris making my sopping lips opened more and more with her starving mouth and her working tongue. Now, voluntary on four paws under this shower, I grasped at her companion's virile member standing so proud in front of me. I nibbled at it and I bite his prick member throughout all his full erection.

Moment later, the young lady moving her mouth and her tongue moving back and forth faster and faster inside my pussy bring me to my first orgasm. On my side, to work her man, I enter his member in my mouth and at least for once with a man I don't back up even if his cock brush again my throat, I said to myself: It's now or never to be the one who dance and I will make him cum and cum he did, but, much faster than I have wish. So I had to swallow it all if I won't to gasp. Intuitively I worked at him faster and faster while I heard the young man groaning of pleasure. He was so proud to release and it turned me on doing this looking straight in his eyes, but, it's was too much for the young man. Taking out his member from my mouth, he cum one more time. I received a first jet which creamed me from my eyes to my chin. I wiped it with my both hand while this he splash me three more times before he rubbed his member on my cheeks, on my neck and right on my breasts before he asks me to lick and to clean off his cock as I quickly done it.

Following this quite awoke dream, it's now my masturbation which takes all my concentration. To finish myself, this time, I hurry up to put two fingers in my pussy moving them faster and faster. Meanwhile this, my other hand rubbed through my pubis hairs to my mount of Venus to my clitoris and in no time waves and waves of unchained pleasures catch me again. All along this torrid orgasm, I shout aloud, Robert, the first name of my husband who had to stay at home to take charge of our business at more than five hundred miles. 

When I got out of the shower I wrapped myself in a bath towel. Walking in front of the mirror, I take the time to give a glance to my body and I saw streams of water falling down my pubis hair mixed with juices dropping from my pussy. I saw the face of a woman in heat with lust in hers eyes from days of enjoyment as I touch my clitoris hood already stick out. And, I knew that the evening will be a long one in this hotel room without my husband to kiss me. My man Robert knew I so well and the bastard knew exactly how and where to touch me to make me climax and to make me calm down in these sweet tormented moments. 

I choose a lacy bra and the string matching it and I threw them on the bed next to the dress that I had bought with yesterday night and as always did it, one more time I did it on a whim when inside an expensive lingerie boutique. Biting at my index finger while thinking about this coming evening where I will be all alone in this hotel room, I can't stop looking at my new dress, I said to myself. 

Why wait till tomorrow and to be back home before wearing this fashion dress. For once how exciting it would be to see the effect that I will make wearing this dress in eyes of perfect strangers, men or women if this appends.

The mirror reflects the sparks in my eyes and I touched my fingers the silly material and in a hurry I try my new dress on my bare skin voluntary forgetting the bra and the panties on the bed. I was more and more aroused and before I changed my mind, I jump in my boots and I run out of the room, filling so horny but still very nervous all the time I walk the corridor to the elevator. Once inside of it, I was so glad that nobody was there, but as soon, I fantasy about the young woman and her companion dreaming that they were already in with me. I realized that my fantasy was a really one because I was quite alone in this elevator which didn't stopped at any level.

Taken in my musing with one hand on my upper leg, I was quite surprised when the door opened in the lobby just in front of the two clerks from the reception. Both of them looked so amazed watching me coming to and once there when I bind above the counter of service, be sure that they both rush to take a look in my clearance which revealed much more than I want. 

I had the nerve to ask them: Please, could one of you help me to tie a knot in the back of my dress. It was nervous fingers which touched me and I rewarded them by arching my back and by moving my crotch like the slut I was. I surprised both of them with a chaste kiss on their cheeks, thank them and said bye-bye. I heard them said wow, when they saw my lower back revealed by so short dress, I know they must have see parts of my buttocks checks. To please them I moved my crotch even more provocatively. The last time I glanced at them, the two clerks almost twist their neck to follow me while I deliberately make them aroused before I entered in the bar where I saw only two others customers, a young woman around twenty discussed with the barmaid and the other customer, a man around thirty. According to the effect which I have made on the two clerks form the reception, this evening will be a good one for cruising.

Before even choosing myself a booth, I noticed that the man use the mirror behind the bar to look at me all the time that walk toward the booth where he was. I ordered a scotch and I noticed that this man still looked at me all the time that the barmaid takes to bring me my order. 

This good looking man looks so macho and he doesn't even take time to cruise me. This challenged me to make the first step. You don't seem to be interested in women's company. Don't loose your time, one of your sister have already cruised me. Madam, if you think that I'm going to spend one hundred bucks or more for a hooker, you don't have found the good one. I'm not an old Sugar Daddy to buy myself a very expensive call girl like you two.

While he said that to me, an idea formed at the same speed in my head. I whisper to myself: He takes me for a whore and tonight I'm in the mood to play the game. When I enter in this bar, I was so proud to see this beautiful young woman sit on a booth, but, it's not took long when I cruised her that this young lady asks me money for her services. When you don't expect that, you remain very surprised. But, I said to her that I have never paid for sex and it will not be tonight that I'll began, even though you look sexy and chick, you have a nicest crotch. I'm ready to pay you a couple of consumptions and to take you out for a hot show downtown to finish by a meal in restaurant, and maybe more, but, it is not this evening that a whore will cash me for sex and the slut doesn't even finish our dance that she return back to the bar to sip her beer. 

It strikes me on and as I won't let him go away, so I touched his upper leg and said: Forget about her. She is just an amateur and she must be another's one of these young students who need cash for her studies. Looking down in my cleavage, it turned him on when he realized that I was nude under my dress. I start to lick him under his earlobe this good looking man and I whisper in his ear: I'm a truth hooker and with me, my dear, you will knew what's the true VIP service. With my hand I touch his thigh this time a little bit closer to his cock. I put cards on tables and I did it fair play. With me, my dear, you will have more if you don't back up, but, never forget that the VIP service is the most expensive one. Be sure that it worth the price because I'm going to make you aroused as you were never been. To make him even more fanned, I nibbled his ear lobe and said: I'm the queen of all cocksucker and I'm going to lick and suck you till you will cum in my mouth dear lover and tonight all your fantasies will came true and even more, because, I'm a true slut who know the game. What I'm going to make to you with my mouth will be better than all that you experimented till this evening. I'm already wet just to touch your erection. 

Sweetheart, I love that, your hand touching my buttocks and please now take the time to touch my pussy. You feel it, I'm already wet. Please enter another finger and don't be scare because we are in a public place. I'm a true slut and I love when a man who stay discreet but who dares to touch my pussy in public like you do it, right now. It fells so good. Thank you, man, with your hand, you please me. I want you as my lover and I want you now, darling. Please, remove your fingers from my pussy and smells them and the guy does it and I knew that this unexpected game was mine.

It surprised even my self, too, to hear my sensual voice saying all these coarsely words which I had never thought previously. I'm a truth luxury call girl. I had choose always very minutely each one of my customers. I make business only to the very distinguished clientele, the ones who have the cash to make theirs dreams came true. And with their money, I have paid myself the most beautiful trips as the one on La Cote d'Azure last winter or the one in Hawaii, last autumn and two unforgettable weeks at the Rio Carnival where I sin and sin and sin. All those travels, never in my life will I have been able to allow them as a secretary. Now for more than three years, as says Nanette Workman in her song: Call girl, I'm secrétaire particulière pour homme d'affaires. 

Marco invites me to his room, but, he caught me off guard when he says that we will have to wake up his friend once in their room. At the end of our meeting with new sponsors, Eric said to me: I'll take a rest because tonight we will go to Swingers Clubs down-town unless we found two nice looking sluts who will be happy to do a blow job to each one of two very virile males. But, we are better to hurry to go to the dancers before it will be time to take our plane.

The new offer turns me on, I see myself in control of the game and one of my old fantasies will came true. How exciting it will be to make love with two men, but, to let know to this macho that I'm still in control of the situation, I said to my self: Two's company, three's a crowd, but you bet that tonight, I'm not the one to back-up and in the mood for new experience, so I roughly pushed him on his chest while I said: I, Suzy, don't like it at all to be manipulated like this. Eric is my business partner, he is a good looking man and you don't have to be worry, he had the cash, too. We come both from a small town form North Western Quebec area, but, we are straight but this evening we would like it so much to have some fun. 

I pretended to hesitate: OK, you, I believe you. But, if your friend doesn't please me or if he reeks of beers and I'm not kidding about it, you will have to forget all about our deal. And, to fool him that I'm a really hooker, I say: I have only a sign to make and they will send somebody to see what happens in this room. Here, they really know how to discreetly protect us. O.K, but, the rate will increased by two. I'm a call girl and the first thing that I learn about this business is to pick up the cash, first. 

The man answer: I bet that if you accompany me in my room, you will have the night of your life with both Eric and I. I said to myself: The bastard is hot but he hopes that his friend who I didn't even still saw the end of the nose, is going to make love to me, too. And, I tell him while for the second times I roughly push him in his chest: Macho, you better call a cab and go to the dancers, you and your buddy.

Ones don't prevent the other one. Why not a quickie, before, after all we are all adults.

Marco left me off the booth and he dragged me toward his room. But, first, before leaving this bar, Marco want that the barmaid change a twenty bill to have small money and once he got them, he walks toward the condom distributor. Once there, he chooses some ones without stopping to undress me mentally. Before leaving this bar, the macho said bye-bye to the waitress and to the young slut. So proud of himself, he keeps his hands on my waist to let them know that he dragged me toward his room.

When the elevator stops at the second level, we were surprise with Marco's hands under my dress when two peoples, game in. After the first surprise another one catches me when I saw that they were the nice young couple from this afternoon and the young woman looks so sexy wearing a top and a very short, shorts. 

As Marco's hand had left up my dress to my buttocks, be sure that they have see that I was nude under it. They were unsure whether to do and as they were inside the elevator, the door close and they came up stair with us. 

The young lady said to her man. Why don't we have toke a cab for a night downtown. His partner whispers that they don't have the budget for it. She replied: Bull shit! Just thrust me, all the expenses will be on our business trip. I'll take care of that, darling.

An others idea germinates in my head at the same speed as Marco's hand getting out of my crotch. I said aloud: Don't stop that you bastard as I'm near of coming. I take his hand and put it on my crotch and I whisper in his ear: I wish that your buddy's who will be there, will have a member as big as yours.

And, to be sure that the young woman will fell even cheaper, I said to her looking straight in hers eyes: Thanks you for this afternoon. 

The young lady answers: It's not necessary. You give us nice information appreciated by all the members.

But, she had the surprise of her life when I said: I'm not talking about our conference, I'm talking about you two. Darling, you can imagine how stimulating it's was to see both of you so aroused as you look at me knowing that I rubbed my upper legs again and again, one again the others all along my conference speech. First, thanks! You make me cum in my panties this afternoon. You can't imagine how it helps me to go on a show for both of you and dear, seeing your reaction make my panties cum so wet.

The young lady was astonished when I said that. She looks at me and at her partner with unbelieving eyes. I put my hand on hers shoulders and said while she's blushing. Sweetie, don't be shy with me. This afternoon, my dear, I catch your game and you were shameless all the time that you touch yourself and sweetie, you were not shy at all to smell your fingers before letting your partner smells them, too. Once, I had a glimpse at your pink panties and I can tell you how many times your partner touches your pussy, sweetheart. I bet as you wriggled hips and thighs on the end of your chair that your companion had enter his fingers in your pussy. Touching her partner's elbow, I show him seven fingers: It's each time that you lick your fingers from her wet pussy and to let her saw that I have see her enjoy them, too, I show her seven fingers.

My dear, as a conference speaker's, I had to stay of ice, but, watching the reaction of both of you was so stimulating for me and since I dream to be at least one more time with both of you. The young lady was even more surprised when I give her a kiss on hers cheeks. Once in my room, I run under the shower to touch myself dreaming that both of you were in this shower with me. But, I know too well darling, that you were in your room and your partner was licking your pussy and fucking you when for my self, I was all along in my room with only my fingers to touch me like the slut I'm.
