 In my second semester of college, I found myself dating this girl Jessica that was my fantasy girl. She was a busty redhead with creamy white skin and bright blue eyes. She had an intoxicating smile with perfect teeth and luscious lips always coated with mouth watering lip gloss. Her confidence with her body was exciting for me at first but my patience with it seemed to give out. She was constantly walking around my dorm in tight boy-shorts and shirts that were nothing more than a bra, and continuously giving my hall-mates a look at the goods. I will be the first to admit she was a little slutty but I didn't care as long she was loyal; and she was. 

Almost immediately after I started dating her on a regular basis I realized she had a wild sex side. The first time we had sex she turned into this cock craving slut. I loved it. She worshiped cock and I was more than willing to give it to her anytime she wanted. I wasn't packing a monster, but the 6 inches God gave me was all I needed. She was playing with it anytime we were in bed, even when I was sleeping. I would often wake up with my cock in her hand, mouth, or even inside her. It was the perfect relationship for a college setting: lots of sex, little arguments, and I wasn't whipped by her at all. She liked having fun with her friends as much as I liked partying with mine. After I learned to trust her it turned into the best relationship I probably have ever had. I don't know if it was all lust, but the two of us were crazy about one another. 

So I guess I will start the part of my story that inspired this story. It was a friday during the semester and the week before was miserable. I was ready to begin drinking and enjoying the weekend immediately. My roommate and I cracked into a thirty rack before 2:00pm. Most of our hall was going home for that weekend, but we decided to stay and party ourselves. We were high school buddies and we got along all throughout the year together. By 6:00 we were pretty buzzed, but still far from being drunk, and started talking about girls and everything. He asked about Jessica and he went into vivid detail describing this girl he had been seeing off and on for the last month. She was this sexy spanish girl named Natalie that had the most perfect ass I had ever seen, and he was upset about her going home for the weekend. I would be lying if I said I didn't think about her while I jerked off in the shower. It was the beer that pushed it out but I told him about my fantasies about her, and after his laughter he admitted to fantasizing about Jessica. I was a little put off at first but realized I was just as guilty. We joked about switching for a night and having a foursome, but it was all drunken jokes. 

Suddenly the door opened and Jessica came in wearing sweatpants and this tight tank-top. Her cleavage was ridiculous and I felt an immediate stir in my cock. I stood up and kissed and grabbed her ass, and I could hear Bryan laughing. I saw him gathering his things to go into the shower as Jessica began making fun of us for drinking already. Once Bryan went out into the hallway, she shut the door and turned towards me with this sexy smile. 

"Is my baby drunk?" She asked walking towards me.

"Yeah, just a little." I replied and began to smile. 

"I guess I'm going to have to take advantage of you." 

She slowly slid off her sweatpants and revealed black, lacy boy shorts covering her round ass. She turned from me and lowered his ass into my lap, grinding it against my cock. I could feel my cock growing in my shorts as I watched her hips gyrating against me. She pulled off her top and I could see her heavy tits on the sides of her thin back. I began to suck on her neck as she rested against me, and she started to grind her hips into my lap harder and faster. She stood up in front of me and bent over and grabbed her ankles. I slid down her underwear and began violently eating out her pussy lips. I lapped up her tasty pussy like a thirsty dog. She moaned lightly as my tongue ventured up licking between her ass. She must have always taken a shower before seeing be because she always smelled and tasted like soap. I split her pussy lips and plunged my tongue deep inside her. I licked and fingered her until her body began to shake and she came. I licked the cum oozing from her pussy and she began to laugh. 

"Mmm baby that was so good," she whispered as she turned to me. I could see her body glistening with sweat as she began to lean over and remove my shorts and boxers. My cock was at full size but not full hard, and it rested on my leg. She bit her lip and smile as she picked it up and held it, watching me. My eyes moved from hers to her perfectly manicured hands stroking my cock slowly, she began to lick and suck on my balls as she slowly worked my cock with her hand. She lifted her head and looked at me as she began to stick her tongue out towards my cock head. Just as I felt her warm tongue come into contact with my cock head, the door opened. 

We were both startled and she jumped into the bed trying to cover herself. My cock fell against my leg again as my eyes stared at Bryan walk into the room and start laughing. 

"My bad guys, my bad." He said laughing as his eyes explored Jessica. His eyes were glued on her and I didn't really know what to do at that exact moment. 

"Yo!" I yelled and he looked at me after wincing. 

"Sorry, sorry," he said as he turned around and put his shower stuff on his bed. 

"Whatever," Jessica said laughing. "It's not a big deal."

He turned around to agree with her and she noticed the bulge under his towel. She was taken aback and I was about to say something until I realized I was still naked myself. There was an awkward pause until she started to laugh. 

"Maybe it was a big deal." She joked and his face flush with embarrassment. He turned immediately, but Jessica tried to console him. After he tried to apologize before he was interrupted. 

"No don't apologize Bryan, I'm flattered." She tried to convince him. 

I suddenly realized the flirting that was going on between my naked girlfriend and my partially naked roommate. 

"Um... hello... what the fuck is going on?" I yelled and both their eyes locked onto me. "Can we subside the flirting until we all have some clothes on and I'm out the room?" 

Both of them realized I seemed pissed off, but for some reason I was perfectly okay with it. The three of us sat in silence for a moment again until Bryan began to walk to the door.

"Do you want to fuck him?" I asked Jessica in a calm voice. She looked at me awkwardly and realized it was a serious question. She stuttered over a few answers, but was unsure of which one to admit. I was taken back and then realized I knew the real answer to that question. 

"Is that it, you feel like getting double teamed by us?" I asked her and she realized I had some sincerity in my voice. 

"Are you serious?" She asked with a little bit of excitement in her voice. Bryan turned around and looked at me like I was crazy. 

"Yeah, do you want us to both fuck you, would that make you happy? I asked without any specific attitude. 

She must have realized I was completely serious when she removed the blanket covering her and exposing that amazing body. Bryan looked at me waiting for an approving gesture, but all he got was me laying back on the bed as Jessica reached for my cock. He stood and watched as she jerked off my cock slowly. Once she began sucking my cock he closed the door and locked it. Jessica continued sucking my cock and Bryan stood there watching. Finally my cock was throbbing hard and she got up from off the bed and walked over to him. He stood there as she removed his towel and a huge cock bounced free. She gasped as she looked down at the ten inch endowment in front of her. She took hold of the thing and pulled him as she walked back towards me. She bent over again in front of me as she began sucking his cock. I watched her work his member in and out of her mouth. I attacked her pussy again with my mouth. Her moans sent vibrations onto his cock and I could hear him pant every time she did. I don't know what it was, but watching her suck his cock turned me on so much. I loved watching my baby do her thing. 

We switched positions as he laid down on the bed and she bent over to suck his cock more, and I stood behind her. I rubbed my cock head between her ass and I could feel my saliva still there. I found her pussy with the tip of my cock and I could hear her coo. I jammed my cock deep inside and she gasped over his cock. I slowly slid my cock in and out of her pussy as she sucked away. I began to speed up until I was thrusting in and out of her pussy fast and hard. My heavy balls were banging against her pussy lips and i watched her ass banging against me. I looked up to see him stroking his cock as she licked away at his balls. He began to moan loud and I knew he was going to cum so she began jerking him off into her mouth. My baby loves cum, and she wasn't going to miss out on any that day. He came hard and began shooting laces of cum into her mouth as she wrapped her lips around him. I could tell he was cumming a lot because she gulped a few times. Watching her eat all that cum drove me crazy as I continued to pound her pussy with my cock. I could feel her beginning to orgasm as I kept working hard on her pussy. She cleaned his flaccid cock like an animal as her body started shaking and I could feel her cum running down my balls. I pulled out and she turned around immediately and dropped to her knees. She sucked my cock until I exploded in her mouth. Cum filled her mouth and spilled out onto her lips and chin. She licked intently to get the cum drooling down her chin as she stood up face to face with me. 

"Mmm I feel like such a dirty slut," she said with a smile. A dribble of cum had run from her lips to her chin. I reached out and ran my finger along the trail and gathered it on my finger. 

"You are a dirty little slut, my dirty little slut." She smiled at me and licked the cum from my finger. 

Bryan got up and went over to dry himself with a towel as me and Jessica laid in the bed. Our sweaty bodies meshed together as I sucked gently on her nipples. She looked over at Bryan and motioned to him with a come hither. He walked over to her with his cock bouncing with each step. She got up and bent over in front of him and put her hands on each of my thighs between me. She stared at me as he tried to bury all 10 inches of cock inside her. I stroked my cock as I watched my baby felt pumped with cock and scream with every thrust. Her eyes never left mine as she moaned and yelled in ecstasy. My balls were heavy and rested on the bed between my legs and they bounced with every jerk of my cock. Eventually she lowered her head and devoured my cock. Her moaning vibrated my cock with her lips and made me squirm with pleasure. 

We switched again as she got on her back on the bed and he began to fuck her from between her legs. I got on my knees on the bed and got my dick sucked as I watched Jessica being fucked hard. The heat of the room had increased dramatically as we all began to sweat. I soon laid down and Jessica got on top of me in a reverse cowgirl position. I watched her hypnotic ass slamming into me as she fucked my cock. Bryan stood up on the bed as she began sucking his dick again. I slapped her ass and held onto her hips as I watched my girlfriend deepthroating Bryan's huge cock. Beads of sweat rolled down her back and the sunlight through the blinds made her body shimmer. I could feel I was about to cum and she could tell too. She got up off of my cock and went down to the floor on her knees. Bryan and I both stood up next to her as she sucked him off and jerked me off. His cock was dripping with saliva and mine with pussy juice. Bryan took over jerking off as she sucked me off. She then opened her mouth as he unloaded a massive cum shot into her. She swallowed every last drop of it and turned back to me as Bryan sat down on his bed. I stroked my cock as she licked and kissed the tip of it. I began to moan and pant but she never opened her lips. I shot a huge load and watched it shoot all over her face and drip down her neck and tits. It was so hot I thought I was going to cum again. She licked my cock and balls clean, and then I fell back onto the bed. I was panting and drenched with sweat. Jessica jumped on me in the 69 position and continued to lick my cock clean. I realized she wanted to orgasm to so I started to lick and suck her pussy lips and clit. Within a few minutes she had an intense orgasm and came on my face. 

She turned her body around as we came face to face. I had never felt so completely sexually free and kinky with anyone as much as her right there. We were covered in each others sweat and cum laying against each other in the heat of an early summer night. We laid there for a while before she got up to go into the shower. After she went out the door Bryan and I began laughing. We didn't speak any words we just laughed. Finally I got up to go to the shower as well, and Bryan broke the silence. 

"Dude, that was incredible. I am telling you right now I will talk Natalie into doing that if you want." He said in a very serious voice. 

"No it's okay man, this was a one time thing, I don't think Jess would want me fucking some girl." I said with a sound of remorse. 

"Oh really? What if I told you it would turn me on if you did?" A voice said from the doorway. I looked to see Jessica standing there naked. 

"Really?" I asked suspiciously.

"Yeah, I always wanted to taste a pussy as well," she paused. "Are you coming in the shower with me?"