 Eventually this had to end. He finally eased back from her and let his still-hard cock fall out of her. Semen spilled out as they both moaned, finally uncoupled. Dale sat on the sofa next to her, spent. She reclined, satisfied, between her hosts. Dale and Bev each kissed the sides of her neck. Karen gently held Dale's cock as Bev softly stroked Karen's neck and chest, gingerly massaging her breasts. It was a very soothing moment they all allowed to linger for some time. She moaned, smiling, when Bev finally whispered, "Told ya." 

Bev got up from the sofa and took Dale and Karen by the hand, coaxing them to their feet. "Come on, guys, let's get you cleaned up and ready for bed." She led them up the stairs to the master bath off the bedroom. The shower was built for two, so it more or less fit the three of them without being too crowded. Karen was positioned between them. Bev handed her a bar of soap and instructed her to take care of Dale. As Bev soaped Karen's back she spoke to Dale, "She's gorgeous isn't she, Dale."

"Yes, she certainly is," he replied. Karen smiled and blushed as the two of them talked about her as if she were not present. 

"She has a very sexy body," Bev continued. Karen was again being seduced. "Don't you want to just play with those nipples all day? They are obviously quite sexually responsive. Did you notice how they tighten right hard when she comes?' Karen trembled as they talked about her like this. "Does she feel good to fuck, dear?' Bev asked.

"Oh, yes, she sure does," Dale answered. "She's very, very tight." Karen felt very flattered by this, but quite self-conscious., especially as Bev knelt behind her, copiously soaping her legs and bottom.

Bev continued, asking, "Does she taste nice?"

"Oh, yes," Dale answered, happy to play along with this game of erotic torment. 

"Could you feel her come, you know, when you had your fingers in her?" Bev continued, now soaping Karen's pussy. Karen was finally letting herself give in to the intimate touches.

"Yes, definitely. She pulsed like a heartbeat when she climaxed," Dale answered. He groaned as Karen massaged his cock with her soapy hands.

"She's got you all hard again, hasn't she?" Bev teased. "After we get done here, we'll take her to our bed and give her a luxuriously oily four-handed massage. She'll love it. Then we'll see how many times we can make her climax." They heard Karen moan at this. Bev continued, "I'll get out my vibrators and we'll make her come over and over. Maybe she'll let us take turns licking her." Bev knew she was taking a risk with that suggestion, but figured she could get away with it by now. She finally added, "Then you can fuck her brains out."

Bev had seduced them all with her little narrative. Dale was now rock-hard in Karen's hands and Karen was breathless with excitement. "Of course, you may need to fuck her brains out now, before we retire to the bedroom," Bev admitted, seeing their excitement. She stepped out of the shower and sat on the edge of the tub to give them room. Dale turned Karen to face the back wall and positioned himself behind her. She leaned forward a bit, her hands on the wall for support, and looked back anxiously at his erection, tilting her bottom invitingly toward him.

"I think she wants you, Dale," Bev coaxed.

"Please... please," Karen murmured, now totally overtaken by lust. Dale moved in close and bent his knees just a bit, pressing his cock head to her now swollen vagina. They both moaned in unison as he slid all the way into her with one strong push. He wrapped his arms around her, gathering her breasts in his hands and squeezed them as he began to thrust firmly into her, pushing very deeply. She moaned shamelessly with each thrust, pushing back against him. He mauled her breasts and fucked her hard, grunting with each push. It was a good, hard fucking.

He was not about to come quickly, still too soon after his earlier overwhelming ejaculation, but he certainly wanted her. He slid a hand down to her pubis and found her clitoris. It was swollen and easy to find. He gently rolled it in his fingers, a contrast to the vigorous thrusts of his cock into her vagina. Her moans became cries as she approached a climax. 

"I think you are going to make her come, Dale," Bev encouraged him. "Who's going to come first, I wonder," she teased. Just then Karen yelled, " Oh, God, I'm coming... I'm coming... Oh, God!" She grunted and cried out with a spectacular orgasm. 

"I feel it. I feel you coming," Dale moaned as he held still, pushed deeply into her, feeling her vagina pulse. He held them there for some time to let her slowly ease back to reality before carefully slipping out of her. No, he was not yet ready to come. But he was very sexed up, rock-hard, a bit sensitive.

"Nice. Very nice," Bev complimented as she wrapped an oversized warm towel around Karen as she carefully stepped out of the shower, almost falling. "Isn't he good?" she finally addressed to Karen. Karen could only nod, still breathless. "I think you have your work cut out for you tonight," Bev added with a giggle.

They made their way to the bed. Bev pulled back the covers and led Karen to lie in the middle of the bed. Dale laid next to her. They watched Bev light candles all around the room before shutting off the lights. Karen was a little intimidated when Bev laid on the pillow next to her head a pair of vibrators and a bottle of warming massage oil, especially when Bev told her, "Dale and I are going to give you more orgasms than you ever thought possible.

Dale and Bev knelt on either side of Karen, turned her onto her belly and poured oil all over her back, buttocks and down the length of each leg. It tickled her to feel the fluid running over the sides of her thighs and buttocks. She was surprised at just how immediately wonderful it felt to feel four hands spreading the oil and rubbing it into her skin. They proceeded to give her a gentle kneading massage, working as a team from her neck down her back, lingering over her buttocks, then down the entire length of her legs. 

She allowed herself to moan without any inhibitions, even as they made their way back up her thighs to focus on her bottom. She surprised herself as she spread her legs for them as hand began to slip down her bottom and under her crotch. Fingers and hands began to probe and explore her intimately. She moaned as someone slipped a hand under her from one side, soon finding her clitoris as another slipped fingers into her vagina from behind. They freely spread her juices, making her slippery wet everywhere. Her head spun and nearly fainted as she felt someone fucking her with all four fingers as someone else skillfully roller her clit with their fingers. A powerful orgasm quickly overtook her. 

She moaned with disappointment when the hands retreated. She then gasped when she heard a vibrator begin to hum. She had never played with one of these, but was very curious, just too shy to acquire one. She welcomed this initiation. She kept her eyes closed to allow her lover to remain anonymous as they slid the buzzing toy slowly and erotically down the cleft of her buttocks. She gasped as its tip lingered over her anus, shocking her at how naughty but nice it felt there. She caught herself lifting her hips to it. She hoped they didn't notice that reaction. It soon made its was further down, slipping just a bit into her vagina, making her gasp again. She lifted her hips up to it. The vibrations were intense. She moaned loudly as it slid into her further. It began to slowly ease in and out, working deeper with each stroke. Soon it was buried all the way in. 

Her lovers were knelt on either side of her. Hands stroked her back and buttocks. Mouths kissed her. Both of them were sharing their sex with her. She savored these intense new sensations, the vibrator humming sweetly deep in her pelvis. They fucked her nicely for some time like this, before finally easing it out and very slowly, teasingly easing it down toward her clitoris. She knew this would be intense, as she is very orgasmic from her clitoris, as she realized her lovers had by now discovered. It did not take long after it found its mark for her to explode with a thunderous climax. 

They showed her little mercy, not easing back when she climaxed and, instead, continued to pursue her for multiple orgasms. And it was one after another, with growing, almost fearful intensity. But they seemed to realize her limits and eased back a bit after she began to sob during her climaxes. 

The vibrator continued to hum and she was surprised to hear a second one come to life. She was guided to turn over onto her back. Bev and Dale each held a vibrator and had a look of knowing what they wanted to do with her. She moaned as each of them ran their toys around her nipples. They each kissed the sides of her neck. This was incredibly erotic and Karen moaned with complete pleasure. She felt the vibrators begin to glide down her belly. Dale and Bev each began to kiss her breasts and were soon sucking and licking her nipples. She became breathless as she felt their vibrators began to slide down over her pubic bone and over her labia. They kissed and licked their way down her belly to her groin where they could watch what they were now doing to her.

Karen flexed her legs and spread them, yielding them all the access they wanted. She looked down at what they were doing and the three of them watched as Dale eased his vibrator into her vagina and began to fuck her slow and deep with it. Karen moaned as Bev moved her vibrator over Karen's clitoris. She knew from experience exactly how and where to stimulate her, coaxing her to the edge of orgasm before moving on to less intense tissues. She teased Karen so very close to the edge several times until, finally, Karen begged her, "Please make me come, please. I want to come so bad." That was all Bev wanted to hear. She returned to rolling the tip of the vibrator back and forth over Karen's clitoris. Karen soon cried out with the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. 

It went on and on, especially as Bev became intent on bringing Karen to multiple climaxes. She brought Karen over the edge several times, each one more intense than the one before. Karen cried like a little girl, complete with big tears as she went beyond her limit of orgasms. Bev showed her little mercy. 

"There. That's what we wanted," Bev finally announced, turning off the toy. Dale eased his vibrator out of her vagina and turned it off. Karen laid there awash in sweat and completely out of breath. Her vagina twitched. She almost protested when she heard Bev say, "OK Dale, I think she needs you to fuck her now." 

She felt dale climb between her legs, lift and spread them, as Bev guided Dale's now very inflamed erection into her pussy. 

"My God, she's really tight. What did you do to her?" he remarked as she felt his cock spreading her. He felt huge, almost too big to fit in her. That was because she was so tight from all she had been through. But he pushed and carefully worked his cock gradually into her. It was the most intense insertion of cock into her she had ever experienced. He took his time but was insistent he was going to achieve full penetration. She wrapped her arms and legs around him and helped him to get into her. She really wanted this.

Soon he was in and began a slow deep fucking, gradually increasing his strokes. Soon they were both obsessed with wildly fucking each other, moaning and groaning with each push. She soon felt herself approaching one of those very rare, deep-in-the-gut vaginal orgasms. This terrified her, but added to the lust and adventure she was now relishing. It hit her hard. It was brief but intense. Just as she had regained some level of consciousness, she felt Dale going over the edge. She felt his erection swell even greater and begin to pulse then spurt very powerfully several times. She heard him crying out with his climax, but that was secondary to what she was feeling deep inside. His spurts slowed to pulses and she felt semen oozing from her. It was incredible.

She felt wonderful with dale collapsed on her, trying to catch his breath, both of them hot and sweating, his cock finally shrinking just a bit, semen running down her ass onto the sheets. The bed must be a mess, she thought, all that massage oil and sweat and semen. It had been a very long time since she had been soaked with sex, and never so severely as this. Bev had certainly come through with her promises. She then shuddered at the realization that it was only Friday evening of planned sex-filled weekend. Bev and dale were certainly far more experienced and experimental and uninhibited than she. They had obviously been following a plan thus far. What did they have in store for her for the next 36 or so hours?