 It's in to the Wayback Machine for this story. Back we go, to that magical time post Flower Power, and just before the scourge of AIDS. That means, it's the time when damn near anything went in my Adult Boutique! I think after reading this tale, you'll readily agree! Allow a bit of literary leeway, let me interweave two separate stories, and voila, we have a more or less true account!

One evening, along with our friends Brian and Phil, my wife Leslie and I were partying at another couple's house, this was a regular thing, and like on many other nights we were enjoying some of the green, the white, and the bubbly. We were watching porn, naturally, and somehow a tease turned in to a challenge. With the ladies claiming, piece of cake, of course we can tell one cock from another with our eyes closed; the game was on. Now this is just to set the stage for the real story; but just for the record, they each got one right. They managed to pick out Suzy's husband Bill, because he is noticeably thick! But, blindfolded they couldn't tell the difference between three cocks, varying in length from six to eight inches. Seriously; and telling that story a couple of days later, is what led to this one.

It was one of that lazy midweek, middle of the afternoon times, and the store was anything but busy. I was in my office enjoying a beer with Phil and Brian, and teasing Monica, my store's manager. Brian was regaling her with the story of that cock challenge. Of course, she was skeptical! But somehow, instead of rising to the bait and trying it for herself, things went in a different direction. I wish I remembered precisely how things became turned around; but then, it's the results that count!

At that time, and I hate to admit it, but none of us had enjoyed Monica's sexual favors. Anyway, Monica ended up letting Brian blindfold her; and then, as if it was no big deal, she stripped down. Monica's Hispanic, dark eyed, with shoulder length hair, and a killer smile. She had a gorgeous ass; and, what she readily admitted were 36-C tits, firm, sweetly upturned, with dark areolas, and just then anyway, a pair of hard jutting nipples!

blindfolded and naked, she still insistently claimed she'd be able to tell which one of us was going down on her., Going for it, and in the spirit of making it more of a challenge, Monica allowed me to include a couple of more participants. Richard, her boyfriend at that time, also worked for me. So, he, and Leslie, who just happened to be putting in some floor time, readily agreed to join in. The ironic part of that was that it left Monica's friend Trudy covering the sales floor. Ironic, because Trudy, not counting Leslie of course, was the employee with the truly wicked wild streak! 

Getting things started, I led a giggling Monica in to the bathroom adjoining my office. She hopped up and sat on the edge of the vanity, leaning back and whispering, "Oh fuck Bob, I just do not believe I let myself be talked in to this!" Then making sure of the rules, she reminded me "Just three minutes each, right! And nothing but oral, and you're going to keep the damn door shut too!"

After reassuring her, I teased "I'm betting the only one you're going to get right is Leslie!" Unfortunately, she didn't bite! So, I asked "Ready baby," got a nod, and left her sitting there, wearing nothing but a blindfold and a mischievous grin.

Rank has its privileges, and I intended to go last! Phil went first, followed by Richard, then Leslie, and finally Brian. And of course, we only pretended to close that door. So, we more or less took turns peeking around it. There was plenty of giggling, more then a few throaty moans, even a bit of whimpering, but no orgasms! Brian cheated, using his fingers to part Monica's rosy labia, exposing a swollen clit to his tongue's assault. And, he almost sent her over the top, almost! But then, it was my turn.

Monica's still a good friend, and occasional lover; but back then, she was an employee, one I'd quickly grown close too! Why not, not only was she an attractive, apparently uninhibited young woman, but she was also creative, smart, funny, and bubbling over with enthusiasm! And on that afternoon, I had something more then oral on my mind. So, playing the tease, I pulled the door shut behind me. Not that it stayed shut! Brian had it open again, and almost before, I had knelt in front of Monica.

Aware of my audience, I gave Monica's very pretty, and very wet pussy a nice, long lingering kiss. And then, I stood up, unzipped, and pulled my cock out! Tilting her chin up, I brushed a soft kiss across her lips. When she didn't object, I moved closer. With my hands cupping her face, I kissed her again. That time though, my tongue slid between her lush lips and in to her mouth. I felt her return my kiss, and that was my cue! Letting the head of my cock nuzzle against her pussy's soft lips for only a moment, I pushed in to her vagina, sliding eight inches of iron hard cock in to it's agreeably tight, hot, wet depths. Arms winding around my neck, Monica gasped a husky "yes," in to my mouth. Still deep inside her, I let that "Yes," melt back in to a passionate kiss. Then with a sharp flip of my hips, I drove a pair of hard thrusts in and out of her. And when her hands grabbed for my shoulders, and her legs clamped around my waist, I slipped my hands under her ass.

Other then her eyes, and those big, beautifully lush tits, Monica was slim, and probably didn't weigh more then a trim one hundred fifteen. So picking her up wasn't a problem! And when she leaned back in my hands, and my cock pushed even deeper in to her, neither was powering her up and down its full rigid length. Only in that, position the bathroom felt a little confining. So, still slowly pumping Monica up and down, I moved towards the door. But instead of getting out of our road, Brian stood his ground. And as I maneuvered to squeeze past him, his hands roamed playfully over Monica's tits, while he snuck in a lingering kiss.

Back in my office, I heard Brian's "Oh fuck me, I want some of that," figured he meant Monica, but looked up anyway. I should have known; there was Leslie, down on her knees, bobbing her mouth up and down Phil's cock. Amused, I watched Brian sidle up beside Phil. His big grin, and the cock he hurriedly whipped out, made it obvious he was waiting his turn. Teasing Monica's ear with a flicking tongue, I whispered, "Leslie's blowing Phil, and Brian's lined up waiting his turn!" I deliberately didn't tell her that Richard was parked in my chair, arms crossed and glowering. Anyway, its not as if they were being exclusive, as both Leslie and Suzy would happily have confirmed! Still, fucking Monica right there in front of him, did give things an extra, deliciously provocative touch!

And fuck her I did; though, not quite managing to ignore Leslie, who had both Brian and Phil's cocks in her mouth. With my hands adding rotation, I bounced Monica up and down, driving up hard as I brought her crashing down. She was breathing in sharp gasps, huskily moaning, "Fuck me, fuck me," over and over! Squeezing around my deep driving thrusts, Monica's vagina wrapped my cock in its fiery wetness. And when, unbelievably, she started growling "harder, harder Bob," I backed her up against a wall.

With her nails digging in to my shoulders, and her legs around my waist, I managed to fumble loose my belt, and get my jeans pushed down. I still love banging a woman through an open zipper, but gads, Monica was soaking my jeans! Anyway, and I was pretty sure of it at the time, but later , she admitted that she'd really liked being taken up against that wall, blindfolded, and knowing that Richard was watching. Still, considering the circumstances, I sure wasn't expecting Monica to catch up with an orgasm! But when the hard fully penetrating thrusts I was furiously driving in to her were met with insistently panted yeses, I figured I had better grab for a little control. Damn straight, because right then nothing could have been more perfect then fucking Monica in to a screaming orgasm! So, I fucked her even harder, hoping she'd cum before I did!

Franticly pounding in to her, I felt her vagina clench, and heard her sharp intake of breath! Not quite a scream, her "Oh god," was followed by another, even louder "Oh God!" And then, with her vagina spasming around my cock, and almost sounding surprised, she yipped "Yes, yes...oh fuck yes!" She was cuming, no doubt about it! Her convulsing vagina was pumping a flood of its hot juices past my pistoning cock and drenching my pube's. Giving it up, I slammed deep in to her one final time. I felt my cock repeatedly jerk and spurt, sending streams of cum splashing deep in to Monica, barely hearing her demanding "Yes, yes, oh God yes, cum in me!"

Breathless and panting, I nipped her shoulder, barely managing to rasp out a sincere "Wow girl, now that was worth waiting for!" I stepped back and turned away from the wall, and that's when Monica reached up and pulled her blindfold off. And right away, she started to giggle. I figured she'd just spotted Phil, who was hurriedly tucking away his limp dick.

I heard her excited "oh wow," and I knew we were both watching Brian. He held Leslie's head between his hands, grinning, while he fucked her mouth with real gusto., Whooping her enthusiastic approval, Monica watched Brian's hips drive a final flurry of throat deep thrusts in to Leslie's mouth!

Brian stop, his cock buried balls deep in Leslie's mouth and I knew what was coming. While a giddy Monica bounced excitedly in my hands, he bellowed, "Yes, all of it bitch," and quite obviously sent a gushing torrent of cum streaming down Leslie's throat! 

It was inevitable, and I assumed Monica's "Oops," meant she'd spotted her scowling boyfriend. Fuck that, before I sat her down, I pushed her back up against that wall. And the kiss I punished her lips with, almost ended up with her being fucked again!

Instead, and not being quite up to it anyway, I chuckled a suggestion in to her ear. "Sweetheart," I told her, "I'm thinking that its going to take a blow-job to put a smile back on Richard's face!" Well that got me playfully punched! Because, as I well knew, that otherwise uninhibited young woman didn't like sucking cock! But hey, in her favor, I'd heard that at least she swallowed!

Sitting her on her feet, I let her wrap her arms around my neck, and give me a thoroughly steamy kiss! And who cared that it was strictly for Richard's benefit, not me! Only, when she turned her back on me, I gave her delightfully rounded ass a playful smack. Well she spun back around, and I was ready to duck! Instead, she blew my mind by purring a conspiratorial "You know, I've heard rumors...and, well you know, you barely even kissed me ...there!" And then, before she sauntered off to deal with her boyfriend, she told me "yeah well, I demand a rain check!"

No doubt about it, Monica had an appreciative audience for the surprisingly expert looking blowjob she gave Richard. Leslie, never bashful, dropped down beside her, looking as if she couldn't wait to blurt out a few helpful suggestions. And if Monica noticed Leslie's pouty lip, she ignored it; anyway, she sure didn't offer to share! But when Richard reached for Monica's head, and got his hands summarily batted away, Leslie couldn't resist ordering "yeah, hands off bastard!" Making Leslie's day, Monica glanced over, just in time to take Richard's first massive eruption of cum, splat on her face. Hey, but she did manage to gulp down, well most of the rest!

The next day I was sitting in my office, struggling to turn the back of a business card in to a rain check. Then, in what turned out to be the beginning of one truly sweet sequel, Monica's friend Trudy came strolling in to my office! It was Trudy's day off, and obviously, I wasn't thinking, or I'd have guessed why she was there. But instead, when she asked what I was doing, I did a truly stupid thing. Only that time, stupid turned out to be exactly the right thing!

While Trudy worked to draw up a rain check, one that offered her girlfriend an unrestricted ride in to orgasmic orbit on my tongue, she calmly informed me that Monica had told her "Absolutely everything!" Only, that she didn't exactly believe it!

Trudy was very cute, a hard body, Japanese, with all that implies! And oh my God, she had a truly superb ass. So, naturally, with her working bent over my desk, I rolled my chair back. Nodding appreciatively, I eagerly eyed the curvy bits of tasty ass showing below a pair of baggy, exceedingly short, short shorts. She glanced back, caught me staring, and smiled! Encouraged, and feeling bold, I reached out and slid a hand up a bare thigh, and right on up under those shorts. Trudy giggled, as my hand slid over firm, silkily smooth ass, discovering along the way, yup, no panties! And that's when she asked me to tell her what had really happened.

While I quickly outlined my version, I watched, mystified as she quickly drew up a second rain check. Only by then, I was standing behind her. I debated, seriously wanting to tug her shorts down, and just go for it! But, deciding to show a little restraint, I settled for rubbing the substantial bulge in my pants against that delightfully tempting ass. Well that, and for reaching up under her tank top, and cupping a pair of tantalizingly bare tits in my hands. Firm and round, they filled my hands, hard nipples biting hot in to my palms.

Looking back on things, I don't know why I hesitated. Remember, Trudy was the one with the wild streak. Once during a remodel, she had boldly led the contractor off to the dressing room. Why not, its not every day a girl gets a chance to drag an ex Playgirl centerfold off for a quickie, now is it! Trudy just happened to be the first one of the girls to make a move on the lucky guy, and believe me, before he was finished, he'd bagged every single one of them, my wife included!

Another time, and I still have trouble believing it, but lets just agree that she found an original way to spend her lunch break. In what turned out to be one of those, now where the fuck did that come from fantasies, she led her boyfriend out to the parking lot. And there, in the middle of the afternoon, in the middle of that busy parking lot, she crawled in to the back seat of her Volkswagen Beetle, and got naked. And then that girl with the innocent look, and the deceptively shy smile ordered her boyfriend to fuck her ass. Monica was the only other one who knew what was going down, but she never let on. It must have been a year later, before I heard that story. That just might have been a good thing!

Trudy handed me that second rain check, and eyed me, waiting for me to make a move. Like so many girls had done in that office, I dropped to my knees. Only none of those girls had ever pulled down a pair of shorts, and for damn sure none of them had found themselves staring at a bare, as in shaved bare pussy. Kicking her shorts free, she hopped up on to my desk. Trudy lay back, braced on her elbows, and I congratulated myself for keeping an uncluttered desk. Un-huh, but then she spread her legs, and I stopped thinking altogether! Scooting forward, I grabbed her ankles, and lifted her legs, pushing them back above her head.

Trudy's pussy was a thing of spellbinding beauty, a dusky pink, feathery soft pedals glittering with glistening droplets of its musky juices. And if she hadn't purred an emphatic "Hurry," I'd have started with a pair of sleek tan thighs. Only much later, would I have let my impatient tongue slide from tan to pink. Not that I rushed, but that young woman was pleading, "Do it, do it," long before I flicked the tip of my tongue over her swollen clit. But first, while she'd squirmed and wriggled, I'd licked velvety soft fold, gently sucking silky labia, before losing it, and diving tongue first in to her vagina's fiery wetness. Even with her legs rolled back and spread wide above her head, Trudy found a way to buck up to meet my tongue's jabbing thrusts. I seriously wanted to hear her ask for it; but oh God, Trudy's frantic "Do it, do it," came just in time!

Trudy punctuated her pleas, using her fingers to spread her labia, neatly exposing what was already a prettily bit of protruding clit. It turned out that she wasn't a screamer, and she didn't start yelling, not even when I began, running the tip of my tongue in soft figure eights over that silky nub. But when I sucked it between my lips, she screamed alright. But, as she came, thrashing like a wild woman, she only panted out throaty growls, and whimpered moans of pleasure.

I sure wasn't thinking about stopping after just one; but then, neither was Trudy! Anyway, she was lying there, still holding herself invitingly open. So, I wrapped my arms around her still quivering thighs, in what turned out to be the vain hope of holding that thrashing machine locked in place. And then, I used a rapidly flicking tongue to reignite a passion that was waiting, apparently all set to explode in to a firestorm. And, with me franticly tongue whipping her clit; she blazed through a raging infernal of rapid-fire orgasms. Already in love with that extraordinarily responsive pussy, I was all set to treat it to an even more lavish tongue licking, when Trudy pushed my head away, giggling, but definitely ordering, "now, do it now...fuck me!"

I stood, looked down at her, and thought, hey now; she seemed to get a kick out of hearing about how I fucked her girlfriend! With that in mind, I stepped between her wide spread legs. Grinning down at her, I leaned forward, braced my hands on the desk, and felt the head of my cock press against the hot wet softness waiting between those invitingly parted thighs. I moved my hands to her hips, and with one quick jab, drove in to her. Unable to resist, I jack hammered in a flurry of hard, fully penetrating thrusts. But then, I pulled her up in to a sitting position, figuring I'd take her the same way I'd taken Monica the day before. Wrong, Trudy had a little something to say on that subject!

"Oh no you don't," she squawked, pointedly telling me "No way, not the same way you banged Monica your not!" She softened the blow, but not my cock, by adding a taunting "Stop frowning, take me any way you want me...just as long as its hard, because...I like it hard!"

At something like the speed of light, it popped in to my head! So, slipping out of her, I caught her hands, and pulled Trudy to her feet. Knowing exactly what I wanted, almost roughly, I spun her around, smacked her ass, and told her to grab the desk. Challenge flashing in her eyes, she shot me a wicked grin, and assumed the position.

Legs spread wide below a perfect ass, her pussy exposed and enticing, she looked heart stoppingly erotic! Ready, Trudy was giggling when I grabbed her hips and slammed fully in to her. Repeatedly driving thrusts up in to her, I took her just as fast, and as hard as I could. And it seemed like every ass slapping thrust ripped another gasped "Ooh" out of her. She was giving herself to me, and I greedily took her! But I knew, no way was I going to last!

I briefly thought about stepping around in front of her, and finishing things off with my cock pumping a hot load of cum in to her mouth. Sure, the thought crossed my mind. But by then, it was too late for anything but a flat out balls to the wall fuck! So, that's what Trudy got, along with a vagina full of cum!

Afterwards, while we both panted, working hard to suck in a breath, I leaned against my desk, and gasped "Girl...that damn well better have fit your definition of hard!"

Naked and looking too cute for words, Trudy stepped in to my arms, the kiss she gave me all the answer I needed. And then as I watched she quickly dressed. Then without a word, the giggling imp snatched that second rain check off my desk, and bolted for the door! In my book, that beat the Hell out of a simple good-by!