 She felt wonderful with Dale collapsed on her, trying to catch his breath, both of them hot and sweating, his cock finally shrinking just a bit, semen running down her ass onto the sheets. The bed must be a mess, she thought, all that massage oil and sweat and semen. It had been a very long time since she had been soaked with sex, and never so severely as this. Bev had certainly come through with her promises. She then shuddered at the realization that it was only Friday evening of planned sex-filled weekend. Bev and dale were certainly far more experienced and experimental and uninhibited than she. They had obviously been following a plan thus far. What did they have in store for her for the next 36 or so hours?

"You are going to have a sore pussy by morning if you are not careful, young lady," Bev said, jolting Karen back to reality. "And Dale is going to be sore," she added. "You guys need to take a break from fucking for a while. We do have the entire weekend, you know. Besides, someone hasn't had even one orgasm with all this sex play," she added with a smile. She snuggled close to Karen and lightly kissed her neck. "You are the sexiest woman I've ever met." She whispered. Karen felt very flattered, never thinking of herself as sexy, at least not since becoming widowed and so far removed from sex ever since. Bev kissed Karen's cheek and gently slid a hand across her breast, squeezing it lightly. She kissed Karen on the lips as she stroked a finger around her nipple, making it rise. Karen moaned as she opened her mouth to more passionately kiss. "You like this don't you," Bev gently teased. Karen only smiled, not knowing what to say. "Make love to me," Bev whispered in Karen's ear.

"I've never do that." Karen replied shyly.

"You are a very sexual woman. You'll know what to do," Bev reassured her. They began to kiss with growing passion. Bev turned onto her back and Karen began to explore, kissing and touching, licking and sucking. Whatever inhibitions she may have had quickly melted as Karen was soon lying between Bev's legs exploring her pussy with her mouth and fingers with an unhurried, sensuous and appreciative touch. She eventually gave Bev an intense orgasm. Bev was not one to experience multiple orgasms, at least not in the rapid-fire manner of Karen, but with continued attention minutes later she enjoyed another powerful climax. The two of them cuddled and made out like teenagers for some time before, like Dale, they finally fell asleep in each other's arms. 

It had been an intense evening. They slept, although often stirred by the excitement of what they had embarked upon this weekend. They awoke briefly, shifted to cuddle anew, only to fall back asleep again. Karen could not help but hold Dale's cock in her hand whenever it was within reach. She marveled at how it would harden in her hand whenever she fondled it. Similarly, she and Bev could not keep their hands off each other, lovingly stroking each other's buttocks and breasts. It made for a somewhat restless night. 

Karen especially enjoyed Dale quietly sneaking fleeting moments of sex with her, secretly slipping his cock into her from behind, ever so gently easing in and softly fucking her just a bit. It was not frantic or even climax-driven, just a few quiet moments of soft fucking very late in the dark night before falling back asleep. She had no idea how late it was, perhaps three AM, during one of those gentle stolen moments, his cock only half way inside her, barely stroking back and forth, she felt him suddenly swell and begin to spurt wildly, spraying another huge load of semen into her vagina. Moments later they were back to sleep until late that next morning when she awoke with a big wet spot beneath her and semen still leaking from her pussy. Bev teased her about this as she fondled her intimately to awaken her. 

Bev was correct in her warnings. Karen's pussy and Dale's cock were a bit chaffed, too sore to dare to fuck, despite Dale's predictably fresh morning erection. The two women accommodated him nicely, lying him back on the pillows where they laid across his thighs to take turns licking him. They passed him back and forth between them for several minutes until his moans began to indicate he was getting close to coming. Karen was suddenly unsure of this, never sucking a man to final climax. Bev coaxed and encouraged her, all the way sucking him fully in to her mouth and swirling her tongue on that special sweet spot until he began to climax. She never hesitated, sucking and swallowing as he ejaculated in her mouth. 

Bev stroked Karen's hair as Dale's cock slowly melted in her mouth. "You are such a slut, young lady," she said softly, not really teasing. "You really like sex, don't you? You love to be fucked hard. Your love to be licked to endless orgasms. You love to make a cock come in your mouth. You have a very special talent for licking pussy. You are a slut and you like that, don't you?" Karen nodded, realizing Bev was serious and correct.

They retired to the shower where Karen allowed the two of them to wash her body, moaning to their touches. "So am I a secret now?" she dared to ask, referring back to yesterday's excuse for Bev not telling her who was running the camera during the naughty videos. 

"Yes, I'd say you are now one of our secrets, for sure," Bev answered.

"Well, if I am now one of your secrets, maybe you can share some of those secrets with me? I am intrigued... curious," Karen now teased. She was opening up sexually to them now, allowing herself to be more playful. 

"Like what. What do you want to know?" Bev asked as she lathered Karen's breasts and Dale soaped her bottom. 

"Careful, dear," dale warned. That really intrigued Karen.

"No, go ahead, tell me, all of it. I think it's exciting," she coaxed. "Like, am I the first girl the two of you have brought home for the weekend? Like, who did make those naughty videos? And do you have others I can watch? Like, what other adventures have you had. Tell me your sexy secrets," she begged.

She caught dale and Bev exchange looks and share a non-verbal OK. This could be good, she thought. 

"Actually, yes, you are the first girl we have shared, at least like this." Bev began to explain. "This is my payback to Dale for a special treat he gave me for my birthday last year." 

"Really? Tell me everything," Karen coaxed excitedly.