 They finally took a break. They got dressed and headed out for dinner at a nice restaurant. Bev had no trouble talking Karen into daring to wear the slinky, revealing outfit that she had worn when she arrived on Friday. Karen was now enjoying being a wanton slut. She enjoyed so many men stealing looks at her tonight.

They made it back home by eleven that night. Dale's cock and Karen's vagina had been treated gently that day and they were now ready to resume good, hard fucking. Bev watched with her video camera as Karen and Dale ignored the lens to fuck with passion. An hour or more later, they were all asleep. 

Karen awoke a few hours later to the sound of Bev's vibrator humming away. She discovered Bev was running the toy up and down the length of Dale's cock, bringing him once more to full excitement. He soon announced he was ready. Bev turned to Karen and told her, "He is going to fuck you while you lick me." Karen soon found herself on her belly between Bev's spread legs, licking, sucking and fingering Karen as Dale fucked her from behind. Karen found this incredibly erotic. It took some time before first Bev then Dale each climaxed. 

They finally got to sleep for the night, not waking until ten the next morning. Karen awoke very sore, as did Dale. They shared a quiet, private laugh about this. Bev was already up, at the computer, editing the videos. She knew she would be leaving in a few hours. So did Dale. She kissed him. "Thank you. Thank you so much," she whispered to him. They kissed again with contained, hesitant passion. She slid down his body, pulling back the covers. She found his half-hard cock and slipped him into her mouth. She had been very much a novice with oral sex when she had arrived on Friday. But she was now very accomplished at it. Knowing how sore he was, she carefully swirled her tongue just so. He kept his moans muffled, letting this be just between the two of them. Soon she heard him whisper, "You are going to make me come." She persisted until he swelled, began to pulse, then burst spurt after spurt as she sucked and swallowed. It was the most romantic sex she had had all weekend. He drew her to his arms and kissed her softly but deeply. 

"Thank you," he whispered back to her. She climbed out of bed, showered, and went to find Bev. Bev was at the computer and had nearly finished editing the tapes they had made, now assembling the clips into a final file to burn to the DVD. She must have been at this for a few hours.

"I had a wonderful weekend," she told Bev appreciatively. "Thank you so much. It was absolutely amazing." Together they watched the final cut DVD, actually a short version of the best scenes. She loved what she saw, and marveled at realizing that seeing such a tape before this weekend would have likely turned her away. She knew she was a very different woman now.

"So, now, did I earn the privilege of seeing the rest of your videos? Did I earn my way into the rest of your secrets?" she coaxed and teased Bev. Together over several cups of coffee, Dale conspicuously absent, the two of them privately pried into the truly forbidden of the secret videos. 

"Yes, your are right. It is only fair," Bev said. "I can share a few more."

"Tell me more about your weekend at the resort with the two of them," Karen begged, hungering for more details.

Bev told her, "The few days before we went to the resort, I was like a blushing virgin bride preparing anxiously for her wedding night. I bought all new lingerie, dozens of candles, new perfume, a manicure, and even took that Friday off to have my hair and makeup professionally done that first evening with the both of them. Once we arrived we got dressed up very nice and they took me out to really fancy restaurant. After dinner we took a walk on the moonlight holding hands. They seemed nervous, but they assured me it was because they wanted this to be everything I had dreamed of.

When we got back to our suite, I lit all the candles and went to the bathroom to change into this really sheer long nightgown that I knew they would love. When I returned they were both nude, hard, and waiting for me. Seeing them so aroused for me was breathtaking. They sandwiched me between them and kissed my face and neck so passionately I almost climaxed right then and there. 

I was trapped lusciously between them as they ran their hands all over me. They had the top of my gown down around my waist and the skirt pulled up when I felt their cocks, Dale's slipping under my bottom from behind and Mark's sliding under my crotch from the front. Those two hard cocks rubbed beneath me, making me slick with all our juices. 

What was the most romantic part of this date was they had formulated a plan of exactly what they would do to make sure I got to experience everything. 

They laid me down on the bed and Dale proceeded to teach Mark exactly how I like to be licked. That was wonderful because you know how I love to be licked and Mark was quite inexperienced at this. Mark was very proud to make me come like that. They then spent the next hour taking turns between touching me, licking and sucking my breasts, and fucking me. They choreographed their lovemaking just perfectly, one fucking while the other touched and kissed, taking turns in a most gentle and unhurried way. Every time one of them got close to coming, they would switch. But they were very careful not to make me sore. 

It was actually a very pleasant surprise when Mark suddenly exploded inside me. As soon as he slid out, Dale slipped right in and he immediately added his load to my pussy. That got Mark so excited he slipped right back inside again and within a few minutes he came a second time. I guess that is the biggest advantage to fucking such a young man. I was absolutely flooded with semen. When we got up to have another round of wine, it poured out of me. The boys thought this was really sexy and asked me to just let it all run. They were that naughty.

We had several glasses of wine and got a bit tipsy. Dale suggested I show Mark how I play with my toys. I was a bit embarrassed but understood what he was suggesting. I got out my vibrator and laid on the bed between them and gave them a little masturbation show. Mark was very impressed, as he had never before experienced this. It got him very excited. I used the vibrator on each of them and eventually sucked them each to come in my mouth. That was all they could handle for the night and we fell asleep all cuddled up for the night. We spent the entire long weekend exploring threeway sex.