 The first thing Adam noticed as he opened the door to his brother Eric's house were two long gorgeous legs wrapped around a naked man's waist. The man obviously buried deep inside her was working their mutual way to ecstasy.

Normally that would have been great, Adam would have congratulated Eric silently then gently closing the door he would have tiptoed away. The trouble was, Eric was in Hawaii and no one except him had access to the house or so he had been told.

He slowly walked over to where the two were fucking and tapping the man on the shoulder just at the moment he expected that he was ready to blow his load. He asked with a smile," Excuse me, since this isn't your house what the hell are you doing here?"

The man too far gone to withdraw, or to even fathom what was happening grabbed the girls legs who was now trying to get free, and with a triumphant yell filled her pussy with his crème. Finished he withdrew, wiped himself off with her long dark hair and turned around.

"My name is Nelson Friedman, and this woman told me she owned the house, who the hell are you?" He was getting dressed as he talked, and the naked now forsaken woman lay spread eagled on the sofa, where she had been abandoned watched them both to see what would happen.

Adam walked over to the desk and picked up a picture of him and his brother Eric. "This is the owner of the house," He pointed to Eric, "I'm the other one in the photo his brother Adam. I also happen to be the local parish deputy sherrif; I don't have a clue about that naked piece lying on the sofa."

Nelson finished dressing, picked up his keys and with a smile at the piece decorating the sofa said, "She is worth a fuck before you throw her out. Bye doll, see you tonight at Anton's if you're around." That said, he turned and with a sharp thunk of the outside door out of the house and their problem.

Adam sat in the chair across from the woman and waited. He waited well, and was interested in seeing what she would say to keep herself out of jail for breaking and entering.

"Eric told me where the spare key was and said I could sleep here while he was gone." She stood and wrapping the sheet that had been spread under her around her body walked out of the room down the hall and into the bedroom before entering the bath and turning on the shower.

"Well," thought Adam either she was here before that Nelson fellow arrived, or she has been Eric's guest. Perhaps I should call him and ask.

While he listened to the shower running, he rang his brother who was off celebrating a job promotion in Hawaii. He woke him up, time differences being what they are, but he was awake enough to say he hadn't told anyone they could stay there but it did sound like a girl he knew named Katrina, who answered to Kat. 

"So big brother, go ahead and fuck her, then throw her out and if you would change the locks I will pay you later." That said Adam heard the phone drop gently into its cradle.

Adam smiled as he hung up his end and walked into the bedroom. He dropped his pants and pulled off his t-shirt. Entering the bathroom, he said," Katrina," the girl looked up. 

"Eric says you lie, but not to have you arrested, just to fuck your ass, and then toss you out. Works for me how about you doll. "

Katrina smiled wide and bending over held on to the seat that wrapped around the large shower. "Oil is up there" and she pointed above her head.

Adam reached for the oil, slathered his fingers with it, and then went to his knees. He reached out with his tongue and found her now clean and very puffy center and as his mouth and tongue tasted her juices, his fingers slid one then another into her ass. He felt his cock jerk in anticipation at the thought of being buried deep in the hot tight ass of the woman spread under his hands. The beautiful dark haired obviously Creole woman in his custody moaned under his attentions and reached back to caress his hard cock.

She cried out for him to" Let me taste you first," as his mouth worked its magic on her clit and his tongue teased her pussy walls. He managed at the same time with his fingers to force her gently open for the approach of his cock.

She begged him to move his hands harder and faster, as she felt the beginnings of an orgasm tighten her muscles to send her flying, with a sharp shove. He added the last finger to her ass making it four and she flew with a loud scream "I'm coming you bastard." 

He laughed pulled his fingers out, and pouring the rest of the oil over his cock, shoved it into her hot deep sacred center slowly but aggressively until his balls were hitting her ass. Now he moved his clean hand, into her pussy and held her at her level of pleasure as he started moving in and out of her hot tight ass. She climaxed again, he could feel her muscles clenching down on his hand and he made a mental note to remember to tell his brother he was right once again, she was a marvelous fuck.

That was the last cognizant thought he had as ramming his cock as far as he could into her ass he exploded. He managed to keep his weight off her only by hanging desperately onto the seat built into the shower wall. Several minutes passed before the coldness of the water cascading on their bodies forced them to flee the shower and grab for towels to dry off and warm up.

Adam once warmed up ran some cool water in the basin and cleaned himself up, leaving Katrina to do as she would. He wandered out into the master suite and pulled the blankets back on the bed and crashed.

He snoozed for several minutes before hearing his captive move out of the bathroom and then he felt her weight on the bed as she pushed him over a little.

He moved and her hot mouth surrounded his cock as she set to making him ready for who knew what. Not that he was complaining, he had stopped here on his way to the station and actually wasn't due there for four more hours. Here was as good as anywhere to wile away the afternoon.

She was very good at sucking cock and within minutes, he was hard and ready for action. She pushed the covers out of the way and before he could ask, was hovering over him and then with a smooth sweet plop had encased him in her velvet pussy. It fit as if the proverbial glove and he could feel her working her muscles as her pussy rippled up and down his cock.

She was good, her fingers teased his nipples, occasionally she dipped her head to tease his mouth and together slowly but definitely they were riding the world's oldest pleasure train to the same destination.

This time the ride was smooth, and the pleasure long, as it came in waves one after another and he filled her full as she gave him as good back, he could feel the juices dripping out of her and pooling on the bed beneath them. He couldn't remember ever meeting another woman in his thirty some years that came as she did, and he found he liked it.

He turned her sideways leaving himself buried deep and pulled her to him. Whispering in her ear, "Rest now Kat, by the time we wake up the water should be hot as you are."

He heard a chuckle and then felt her relax and in minutes, the pace of her breathing told him she was asleep. He remained buried deep inside her until he fell asleep and wasn't aware when they finally disconnected.

The ringing of his cell phone woke him up, and looking around he knew it was late and so was he. He answered it to find his partner on the line wondering where in the hell he was at.

He laughed,"Fucking a house breaker in my brother's bed, and not ready to end my interrogation so handle business for me would you?'

Mitch Rider who liked tail as well as anyone told him "sure but sometime or other he would have to share the new tail." Adam agreed.

He turned off his phone, lit the bedside light and finally examined the body of the remarkable woman he had been fucking since ten this morning. She was lean and well muscled, she had long artist hands and fingers and thin long toes. Adam was a toe lover and he bent to suck one then another into his mouth. He heard the giggle before he felt her hands on his head.

"I like that; no one ever sucked my toes before." 

He licked and sucked another, then worked his way to the end and up her foot, by the time, he reached her ankle her giggles had turned to moans and he worked his way up her leg to the apex of her triangle and back down the other side. She had started to wiggle and try to pull him into her pussy by the time he reached her right foot. He smiled to himself soon she would be begging him to fuck her it worked every time.

He was ready this time to be in charge. He pushed her over onto her hands and into the classic doggie position. Nothing was as hot as ramming a woman deep and hard as you mauled her tits and she screamed for you to take her higher and harder. He heard her mewing in her need almost as soon as he pushed into her wet and ready pussy. This woman was extraordinary coming almost as soon as touched and ready with just a thought and a touch. 

He wondered for a minute if she was professional and then wondered if it mattered as the pleasure replaced thought and ancient memory took over in the oldest rite of man the act of procreation. Rather or not, it ended in babies that is what it was intended for and so he took her like the cave man and relished the deep hard passion of them both.

Finished, he was surprised when he fell over onto his back and she slide between his legs, with her wet hot mouth cleaned him up, and sucked him hard again. 

"You can't possibly be ready for more pet, are you inexhaustible?" He asked her with a smile.

She slapped him gently and said, "Yes, and it's not often I met a man who can keep up with me. When I do, I treasure him." 

She pulled him to a sitting position and turning around sat on his cock. He had never tried this position in his life and he found he liked it. He could reach all her most interesting spots, this way. He was seated so deep inside her that he could feel her cervix bumping the head of his cock, and each time she withdrew and sat back down the head of his cock bumped against the roughness of her "G" spot.

She was orgasmic almost at once and he could feel her juices flooding out of her pussy down his legs and bathing them both. The smell of sex was invigorating and her pace slow enough that the pleasure reached a plateau and remained there as wave after orgasmic wave swept them both. 

It was the longest, slowest sex he had ever experienced. Whenever he got close to coming, she would stop and clinch herself tightly around the head of his cock and he would calm down then she would start again. It was an hour before he finally came so explosively and so long that when he was finished he knew he was done for the night. There was nothing left for him to give her no matter what she tried.

Finally, they slept again. They woke up as daylight once again stained the sky, not sure, what noise had awakened them. Suddenly they heard it again, banging on the door along with a loud yell,

"If you're in there you pervert, answer me and let me in." 

Not having heard from his partner all night, and not finding him at home Mitch had finally tried the last place he had heard from him. 

Adam with an urgent need to empty his bladder sent the lovely Kat to open the door. Mitch was agreeably surprised when a beautiful dark naked Creole woman opened the door with a big smile.

"Adam said, come in and make coffee, you know where it is and how he likes it, we will return." 

He was treated to her delectable ass as she turned and went down the hall and into the bedroom. She was an amazingly beautiful woman.

"Lucky son of a bitch," he muttered as he headed for the kitchen. "I hope he saved some of that for me," he thought aloud as he pulled the coffee from the fridge and started coffee. 

He grinned and hollered, "I'm cooking breakfast,"

"Feed them and they will come," he thought aloud," and be grateful."

He pictured the beautiful woman on her knees in front of him servicing his now rock hard and pulsing prick. Mitch was a cock hound, dipping his wherever and whenever he found the opportunity. 

He knew Adam's capabilities having partied long and hard with him on several occasions. He hoped by now he was ready to share. Technically if not paged they had the whole day off. Fucking would be a good way to spend it. The house was air-conditioned, the outside already over 100 degrees with the humidity at 100 as well, making it much too hot for outdoor strenuous activity. 

When the two joined him in the kitchen he had made biscuits, eggs, bacon, and from the cupboard produced fruit for dessert. Adam's stomach could be heard as he walked in the door. "First damn food I've seen since yesterday morning if you don't count eating pussy. We don't count pussy do we?"

Mitch shook his head no, and was about to add something when Kat walked in the door naked and wearing fuck me heels. She smiled. "Adam said this was the outfit you would like best." All he could do was nod. They had both fucked some amazing women but this tall, thin drink of water was special. She had upstanding large breasts with nipples that were pointing skyward in hardness. Following your eyes past them down her taut belly with a mouth-watering belly button crying to be tasted he saw a tight small bunch of black curls shaved into an arrow pointing the way to her very visible lips. He smacked his and offered to dine on her if it were allowable. 

Kat laughed and smiled, "That's what Adam said you would say, but I'm starved first coffee and biscuits then I will fuck you until you're as worn out as he is " and she bent over and moving Adam's towel kissed his very obviously deflated cock.

Mitch sat down and served the food, while Adam took care of the coffee and mimosa's and ice water, it was almost two hours later when they finished and it was obvious from the teasing that went on that Adam was now ready to play again.

"Kat, help this poor sucker out that prick of his looks like it's very uncomfortable, "said Adam.

Kat rose from her chair, walked around the table, and knelt between the legs Mitch gladly spread for her. She reached and unzipped his shorts and pulled them down smiling at what she found.

Unlike Adam whose cock was long, thin and had a slight curve. Mitch's dick was short, thick and built for close in hot action. She could hardly fit her hands around the circumference of it and smiling said. "I would like to try fucking with you in my pussy and him in my ass any takers. I think I would fly so far I might never return." 

They could smell the sexual aroma of her arousal as she outlined what they could do to and for her.

They left the residual food where it was and adjourned to the bedroom. Kat had changed the sheets before she joined them at the table and lit candles it smelled wonderful and felt cool and welcoming. 

"First a shower for everyone, the place is big enough for all of us shall we get wet and clean?"

Mitch almost naked already couldn't get out of the rest of his clothes fast enough. 

The phone rang and Adam waved the two of them off as he took the call from his brother who didn't seem surprised to find him at the house.

He settled in for a chat, as he knew Mitch could handle things in the bathroom and he really was still tired from the last twenty-four hours. He intended to let Mitch enjoy himself while he watched before they finally took her together. 

Eric who was not alone in Hawaii as he talked called his girl over and Adam could hear her sucking his cock, which had gotten hard in response to Adam's tale of the last twenty-four hours.

"Sounds like you're having more fun then me big brother, tell Kat to call me in a week and I will reward her for being so good to my brother and his partner, and that all is forgiven."

Adam was laughing as Eric hung up the phone on a "Damn that did it Angel"

He quietly walked into the bathroom to find Mitch sitting down on the seat in the shower with Kat bouncing hard and fast on that thick sausage he called his dick. She was screaming "Oh yes Mitch, yes fuck me good, don't stop now please."

Adam had seen Mitch withhold his climax for almost an hour at times and so he got comfortable as Mitch played with her huge breasts and bit and worried her large thick nipples. Mitch loved big boobs and long thick nipples he was in as they say Hog Heaven. 

Adam slowly dropped his towel and sitting down on the toilet grabbed his cock in one hand and palmed his balls with the other. He could feel the crème rising already as he watched the two of them under the steadily falling water take their pleasure of one another.

He figured that if he timed it perfectly, he would come just as his partner filled the woman with his large load of come. After that, they would clean her up and with the edge taken off both their appetites, they would fuck her together.

He did and just as Mitch screamed out his famous in every brothel in New Orleans War Whoop Adam filled his handkerchief with his own juices.

He joined them in the shower to play a little and get clean and once again they drained the hot water tank before hustling out of the shower and into a bed and covering up with sheets as they warmed up for the main event.

Kat had made it very clear she wanted to be double fucked. Adam who normally was the man consigned to the woman's pussy was happy to hear this time he got first claim on her delectable ass, and Mitch wasn't complaining about his drawing her pussy.

They got her arranged and then set to work getting her ass ready to be fucked. She smiled and told them "More lubrication in the bedside table guys, Eric is a real ass man."

Now Adam had something to live up to, if Eric had fucked her ass he would have to be sure he lasted longer and made such perfect love to that delectable ass she never remembered Eric and Ass together again. They were highly competitive brothers.

Mitch laid down on the bed and Kat slowly settled herself down on his pulsing cock, then leaning forward she was so low he could nibble her long thick nipples as he held her steady around her hips.

Adam got the lubrication and first pushed about half a tube directly into her ass, then he smeared his fingers and as he felt Mitch fucking her feed his fingers one by one into her ass until he had opened her up to comfort ably take four of his long thin fingers. He was now ready.

He smeared his cock up and pushed against her anal ring. Like the shower, he slid in without a problem and got a moan from Kat that gave him shivers down his spine.

Itch groaned, "I forgot how damn hot this was partner, get your groove on quick because I am holding my own by the skin of my teeth." 

Kat just shivered and moaned and said things al most inaudible that sounded like," Fuck me you bastards, make me pass out you mother fuckers, Beat my ass Adam hard."

Those dirty, wonderful nasty things guaranteed to bring out the best in any man. He grinned, and took her at her word and began to spank her ass as he picked up the pace and fucked her hard and heavy. He was panting for breath and his legs were about to give out when his climax hit him just as Mitch and Kat screamed and found their own pleasure.

He emptied his crème into her ass and with a final hard smack pulled free. Kat rolled off Mitch and huddled curled up on the bed, he took his fingers and gently caressed her clit and lightly fucked her pussy as she found herself coming back to earth managing to give her several small climaxes. Mitch just snored. That was typical of his partner. Get his rocks off and sleep.

Kat opened her large luminous eyes and whispered "Thank you" then she went to sleep. Adam covered them both up and went to check if the shower water was hot.

He was invigorated by the sex instead of worn out and wanted to get clean while he could and he had noticed enough food in the freezer when he was getting ice, that he was going to start dinner in the slow cooker for later. 
