 Bev was struck by Karen's situation. Karen had been widowed at the young age of 27, after being married only three years. Karen was surprisingly open with Bev. But that was a talent of Bev's, getting people to open up to her. She could be described as seductive that way, and actually exploited that talent to get what she wanted from people. She saw Karen as vulnerable, a victim of her situation. Bev felt drawn to both fix that and, at the same time, take advantage of it. Bev was sexually very powerful, at least that is how one may best describe such a complex trait. She loved sex, the more erotic, the better. And seeing Karen now so deprived of what Bev so fully enjoyed drove Bev to make something of that. Bev was so free and open with her sexuality and expressed it so to Bev, causing Bev to wallow in what she was missing out on, This was a key part of Bev seduction of Karen. 

She coaxed Bev emotionally closer and closer, sharing little secrets and intimacies. When the time was ripe and Karen was vulnerable she set the hook as they shared coffee in the hospital cafeteria where they worked. "I so much wish you could have a taste of really good sex again. It is such a special joy. Let me tell you a little secret. You know, Dale (Bev's husband) has really got the hots for you. He thinks you are very, very sexy. I really appreciate what my husband has done for me sexually. He is a spectacular lover. We have a very close relationship and see to it that we each get whatever we want sexually. He is so good to me that way. I would love to repay him for that. I would love to give both him and you both a special gift, a special opportunity. I want to share with you a secret desire I have." Karen was intrigued. "I would love to invite you to spend the weekend with us alone. I would love to let both you and him enjoy something really nice. I would love to let you enjoy some really good sex from him. He is so good, you just don't know." 

Karen was taken aback. She did not know what to say. 

"And I know you think he is sexy. You told me so yourself. You told me I was a very lucky woman. Well, I would love to share a little bit of my treasure with you. It would be a very safe and very pleasurable experience." Bev bore down with her seduction. "Like I said, he is an incredible lover. You would experience the best sex you have ever had. And it would be our little secret." 

Karen shocked herself to discover she found the proposition very inviting. It was totally unexpected, rather kinky, and deeply inviting. But she was not that type of girl. She felt quite slutty about finding the proposition inviting. She gave herself away as she hesitated, not immediately saying no to such a preposterous idea. 

Bev quickly picked up on that. "Wow. The fact that you did not immediately say no to my idea means you like it." She was right. Bev spoke volumes with her silence. She could not bring herself to say yes, but her not saying no said it all. "Good. I'm glad you agree," Bev continued, maintaining her momentum. "Let's plan on next weekend." With that, Bev got up from the table and left the cafeteria, leaving Karen blushing. 

The next day, they were again alone together over coffee. Karen did not know what to say. A big part of her wanted to back out, but an even bigger, far more powerful part of her was intensely excited by the prospect. Bev, of course, did all the talking. "Dale is some excited about this weekend. He can't wait. Ever since I told him, he has not kept his hands off me. I thought our sex was great before, but last night and this morning he just cannot get enough of me. Tonight I am going to cut him off and let him get backed up for you. You are going to have some incredible sex. He is so good." She continued, drawing Karen deeper and deeper into the seduction. "SO plan to arrive around seven Friday evening. That's the day after tomorrow. I can't wait. Wear something really sexy, something you would never dare to wear out in public. That will get his attention. We'll make this a very erotic weekend. . I am going to see to it that you have the best sex you ever thought possible." Karen was now helpless in the situation. Bev was in charge of her now, just as Bev intended.

Karen arrived at quarter to seven, a dead giveaway as to how she was feeling about this. Bev was ready. It took Karen's breath away to see Bev dressed in a long, very sheer nightgown, her breasts beautifully displayed and her body nicely outlined. Karen looked pretty saucy herself, dressed in a very short skirt and sheer blouse that she had dared to wear braless, something she had to really coax herself to dare to wear tonight. Her mind raced, wondering what was in store for her. Bev greeted her warmly with a quick soft kiss on the lips, and led her in. 

Dale was not yet present, as Bev wanted Karen to become comfortable being in their house. "My, you look sexy, Karen. Dale is going to love seeing you." Bev handed her a glass of wine. Karen trembled taking it but welcomed the soothing relaxation it offered her. She downed it quickly. Five minutes later, Dale finally appeared. Karen was smitten, seeing him shirtless, wearing only light white cotton pajama bottoms. He had a strong chest and tight belly. She could see the outline of his penis, long but not yet hard, as if waiting patiently for her. She felt herself grow wet. 

"Doesn't she look good?" Bev teased. Dale openly examined and admired her beauty. She felt her nipples harden and breasts swell as she felt his eyes glide over her. She saw his penis begin to stir and grow a bit, pushing out slightly in his bottoms. 

"You look absolutely beautiful," he told her as he stepped close and kissed her lightly, but lingering somewhat, on the cheek. "You smell nice," he whispered in her ear as he slid his fingers softly along the side of her face and down her neck. She suddenly felt very sexy. Her knees nearly collapsed when he touched her like this. 

They shared another glass of wine before Bev announced, "Karen, come with me. I have something for you." She took her by the hand and led her up the stairs to their bedroom. On the bed was spread out a nightgown, identical the one Bev wore. "Here, put this on. He will love seeing you in this." She unbuttoned Karen's blouse as Karen unsnapped her skirt. Karen slipped off her panties as Bev handed her the nightgown. "We're going to give you best time you ever had," Bev went on. "Dale is a wonderful lover. He has the most beautiful cock you have ever seen. But more important than that, he has the most spectacular orgasms. You have never felt a man come like he does. You will be amazed." Karen was taken aback at such a graphic description, but it added greatly to her excitement. There was no way she would turn back now. 

"I have two goals this weekend," Bev said. That was Bev, so goal-oriented. "I want to see how many times Dale can come in you," she said, suddenly capturing Karen's growing lust, "and I want to see how many times we can make you come." Karen's mouth was dry, her face heavily flushed, her pussy dripping. She had never before experienced this level of excitement, not to mention never contemplating such an erotic experience that was now unfolding for her. "You must be very excited," Bev said, finally acknowledging how Karen must now be feeling about this. "Look at yourself in the mirror," she said turning Karen to face the mirror over the bureau. "Your face is flushed and your nipples are rock-hard," as she slipped her hands briefly over Karen's breasts, feeling her nipples bumping through her fingers. "You're going to have such a good time," she whispered in Karen's ear as she lightly kissed the side of Karen's neck, making her tremble. "Let's go find Dale now. He must be getting quite impatient. 

"Wow," was all Dale could say seeing these women return dressed like this. Karen enjoyed seeing his cock begin to rise in his pajamas as they walked around him in the living room, letting him examine them. 

"You know, Karen, I need to tell you about some of Dale's special talents," Bev teased. "He is as good with his tongue as he is with his cock." Karen blushed at this, as did Dale. "Dale, we should show Karen one of our secret videos so she can see what you are capable of." 

"Be careful with those," Dale quickly chimed in, seeming a bit concerned with what Bev was about to disclose. 

"Oh, I will, dear." Bev assured him. "Karen needs to know we have some secrets that need to be protected. But I think I can safely let her in on one or two tonight." Bev popped a DVD into the player and turned on the TV. "Come watch this," she invited as the three of them sat on the oversized sofa in front of the TV. "Dale has an incredible mouth, and not just for kissing. He came make me come over and over and over with his mouth. Watch this." Karen was amazed at the graphic scene of Bev sitting naked on this very sofa, her legs spread wide to reveal a shining, well-oiled, clean-shave pussy. Soon Dale was seen kneeling between her legs where he began to kiss and lick her belly and thighs, moving gradually closer to her pubis. It was intensely erotic.

They watched as Bev narrated. "He seals his mouth around my labia and clitoris and jus sucks, gently at first, until he gets me incredibly swollen and very sensitive." The scene progresses. 

Karen finally commented, the first whole sentence she has uttered so far this evening, "Ah, who is working the camera?" She had just noticed the view changing somewhat for a better angle and the lens zoom in a bit.

"As I said," Bev explained, "we have secrets, quite a few secrets actually."

"Careful," Dale added.

"It's OK, Dale. Karen is a secret now and we might just let her in on a few secrets before the weekend is out." Karen was intrigued. Bev and Dale were suddenly much more mysterious, in a very erotic way. She found this added to her excitement.

Bev was moaning loudly on the video. "Once he gets me really swollen," Bev explained further, "he swirls his tongue around all those sweet spots, bringing me right to edge. But every time I am about to come he moves down to my vagina and drives we nuts with a completely different stimulation." Karen was more than intrigued. That was more than she had ever experienced. The video progressed and Bev was nearly insane with excitement as dale licked her. "But then, finally, he slips his fingers into me and drives me over the edge. He fucks me with his fingers and swirls my clit until I absolutely explode in his mouth." Just then, the video shows Bev crying out, yelling actually, in an overwhelming orgasm that goes on and on. 

Karen is fascinated. She had never experienced orgasms as powerful as that. She trembled with anticipation that Dale might do something like that to her. Just then Bev leaned close to Karen and whispered to her, "He's going to do that to you, you know." Karen could not believe what was happening to her, or about to happen 

The video segment ended but quickly jumped to another. "Oh my, check this out," Bev said excitedly. 

"What's this?" Dale asked, concerned about what was about to be revealed.

"I have been dying to show you Dale's orgasm," Bev said. "I want you to see what actually happens when he comes inside you. It really is spectacular." Karen was amazed at the personal, naughty, and forbidden intimacies this couple was sharing with her. The video soon showed a naked Dale now replacing Karen on the sofa. She was fascinated to see his towering erection, standing tall and obviously very inflamed. She was intrigued again to see he, too, was shaved clean. This displayed his cock nicely. He was stroking himself erotically. Finally Bev was seen crawling between his legs and taking over rubbing his cock. It swelled in her hand. She rubbed him against her face as he moaned. She slipped him into her mouth and sucked. Karen was fascinated watching this.

"Doesn't he have a nice cock?" Bev asked softly. Karen nodded, again too dry in the mouth to speak. "You have got to see this man come." Bev repeated. "It is spectacular. When you feel him come inside of you tonight, just remember what you see here on this tape and you will understand what you will be feeling inside. It is just amazing. He comes so hard, so forcefully, and the semen just pours out of him." 

Bev was putting Karen in an erotic trance with all this. "Most men come and they are done. But Dale, when he comes, he stays hard. It will be a while before he comes again, but he stays hard. That makes for some really nice after-play. But you, as sexy as you are, you will keep him hard with no problem. He is very turned on by you. He told me he is going to fuck you all weekend. He says he may need me to help him, but with the right stimulation he can fuck you a lot. You are going to get a lot of sex tonight," Bev teased Karen.

As Bev narrated they watched Bev stimulate Dale's cock, rubbing him across her face, suck and licking him. "Watch this," Bev said. "This is what drives him over the edge." Karen watched, fascinated, as the video showed Bev rub the underside of Dale's cock against her nipple. Soon Dale was heard moaning that he was going to come. "Watch this," Bev said as Karen witness Dale's cock quickly swell even bigger before exploding with several powerful spurts of semen squirting all over Bev's neck and chest before flowing heavily over her hands and breasts. He cried out very loud, humping his hips as his climax overtook him. It was huge ejaculation. "Just imagine that cock exploding inside you like that," Bev softly told Karen. 

Karen was never so aroused as she was right now. She looked down at Dale. His cock stood tall, now fully erect in his pajama bottoms. She was about to dive on him when she heard Bev say, "Oh one more video adventure." She looked up to see a new scene of Bev back sitting naked on the sofa, as before. This time, she watched as Dale knelt between her legs, naked, his erection standing straight up. She watched as he tipped his erection down and guided it to Bev's pussy. Despite his size, he slipped easily into her. He immediately started a deep steady firm fucking action. Karen heard them both moan as he gradually increased he depth, force and speed of his fucking. It soon became frantic until she heard him cry out on the tape as he began to come. The camera zoomed in where she could see the base of his cock swell and pulse. She again wondered who was taking the pictures. But that was a minor concern as she anticipated having all this done to her. 

She watched, fascinated and very aroused as she witnessed Dale slowly withdraw his cock from Bev's pussy. A huge flow of semen immediately began to pour out of her. It was a fascinating scene. Karen realized the tape was run to excite her. And it succeeded. She could not wait. She trembled with anticipation. Bev got up and shut off the TV. Dale got up and took Karen's hand to help her to her feet. She stood. He stepped close and softly kissed her cheek as he ran his hands sensuously down her arms. He kissed her lips softly as his hands made their way to her shoulders. He slipped the straps of her nightgown off her shoulders and slid them down her arms, freeing her breasts from the bodice of the gown. He slid his finger down her neck, chest, and over her breasts. She gasped as his fingers slipped over her nipples, catching them, and lightly pinched them. She moaned as he rolled them between his fingers. He kissed her lips again, now with more passion. Their tongues swirled as his hands slid down her back and gathered her buttocks. He kissed her neck as he slid the hem of her gown up her legs, finally gathering it around her waist. He gently sat her back down on the sofa.

Her breasts were bare. She was naked below her waist. He knelt between her legs and spread them. Bev sat next to her and ran her hand through Karen's hair as Dale leaned and slipped a nipple into his mouth and gently sucked it. Karen began to moan, losing herself in the intense sensations now sweeping over her. She heard Bev whisper in her ear, "He's going to make you come so nice." She turned herself over to them. 

She felt Dale move down her body toward her pussy. She spread her legs, anticipating his mouth. Her was frantic to let him make her come. Soon his mouth had encircled her labia and clitoris, just as she had watched on the video. This was way more intense than she had ever before experienced. He sucked her. She felt herself swelling in his mouth. The moment she felt his tongue begin to swirl her clitoris she felt an orgasm unexpectedly explode from her core. She cried out. She wasn't expecting to come so suddenly or so intensely. She felt self-conscious coming so hard and so loud. She felt dale slipping fingers into her and she was suddenly swept up in another orgasm. She never climaxed like this before. As soon as one climax hit her, she soon found another approaching. She suddenly felt afraid of the intensity of all this. She lost track of time. She lost track of her orgasms. 

Finally the intensity of this began to ease. She discovered she was crying, sobbing at what was happening to her. Bev was stroking her face, kissing her cheeks and reassuring her everything was OK. It took some time to regain her composure. She began to realize she had been overwhelmed with orgasms. She felt self-conscious about what had happened. "Wow, that was wonderful," Bev said. "Are you OK?"

Karen nodded, breathless. She looked down at Dale between her legs. He rose upright now. She could see his anxious erection pointing at her. She was suddenly breathless with anticipation. He was going to fuck her, the first sex she had had in a very long time. Bev whispered in her ear, "He's going to fuck you really good now." She moaned loudly at this. She wanted this so badly and they all knew it. Bev reach down and took Dale's cock in her hand. She rubbed the head up and down her labia, spreading the wetness between them. She made wet noises with his cock against her pussy. Bev guided Dale's cock to Karen's pussy and he pushed forward, easing gently into her. Karen gasped, feeling him begin to spread her pussy. She heard herself beg, "Please, please." She cried out as Dale pushed all the way into her, deeper than she thought possible.

Dale began a gentle, deep fucking. Karen moaned and moaned as he began to fuck her with growing intensity. She moaned as Bev whispered to her, "He's been dying to fuck you." Dale fucked her harder, deeper and faster. He began to moan louder and louder. He was getting close. 

"I'm going to come," he cried out. Karen wrapped her legs around his waist and urged him on, pushing against him. He yelled loud and she felt his cock begin to pulse. She felt his spurt in her, again, and again. She felt his fluids flow into her, eventually oozing out around him. It was as spectacular as she had seen on the video, as spectacular as Bev had promised. His orgasm seemed to go on forever. 

She held him close, collapsed on her as he tried to catch his breath. His heart pounded. She felt exhilarated that she had done this to him. It was wonderful that she could experience such an orgasm that he had for her. She felt powerful. 

She expected him to quickly soften and shrink in her. But he did not. Just as Bev had bragged, he stayed hard, twitching occasionally deep inside her. She loved it. It was as if his desires for her kept him hard. It made her feel sexy. She held him close and savored the feeling. He soon gave her the treat of resuming a slow, gentle, deep fucking. She let out a very satisfied, happy moan at this. He gave her a loving, gentle fucking, purely for her, not seeking anything for himself. She felt loved. She marveled as each stroke displacing some of the semen he had lust pumped into her, running down her bottom onto the sofa. It made her feel mischievous. 

Eventually this had to end. He finally eased back from her and let his still-hard cock fall out of her. Semen spilled out as they both moaned, finally uncoupled. Dale sat on the sofa next to her, spent. She reclined, satisfied, between her hosts. Dale and Bev each kissed the sides of her neck. Karen gently held Dale's cock as Bev softly stroked Karen's neck and chest, gingerly massaging her breasts. It was a very soothing moment they all allowed to linger for some time. She moaned, smiling, when Bev finally whispered, "Told ya."