 On the couch, Donna put my hands on her breasts. Bev, who I really loved, watched from the chair. I sweated. Donna was willowy, and more beautiful than any woman I'd been this close to. She'd modeled professionally, and you could see that at a glance.

"Bev told you not to cum this week, right?" 

"I told him," said the woman I adore. "It wasn't easy for him, but he did it!" 

I was 30. I would never have made it if I was 20. But yes, I'd gone a full seven days without cumming. Between that and the golden-haired beauty who was rubbing her breasts against my hands, I was stiff as a baseball bat. 

"The group wanted me to check you out . . . so first things first, eat me."

Ah, a challenge. She spread her legs, so I could see the translucent panties she had on. I glanced at Bev, and she nodded ever so slightly. So I stripped off my shirt and dove in.

I hadn't known WHAT was coming -- I only knew my girlfriend wanted me to meet and have some sort of sex with her closest friends. So I used a pointed tongue, started slow, and took a dive. Little by little, I found what worked for Donna. And gradually I worked up to MY favorite part of eating a woman -- having my face mashed tight against her. 

Donna was slim and slender, but had the "fattest" pussy I had ever been face-to-face with. Should I say puffy? Never mind, because she was starting to grind her hips this way and that. She even grabbed my ears to pull me in. Her musk was gentle and very womanly. My Bev has the most delicate pussy fragrance I've ever come across -- Donna, here, had a pleasing musky quality. I had my hands gripping her above her hipbones, and as she got more and more into it, I was starting to feel her sweat.

So I took a chance -- I put my hand between her asscheeks. Just a karate-chop hand, no fingering . . . but she really liked it. Her moaning became an open-mouthed affair. And my hard-on was pressing painfully against my pants.

Her clit was tiny -- but when I found it, we ALL knew it! Clearly, it was electric for her. My cock's semen-pipe had that lava-inside-it feeling -- I was seeping pre-cum steadily by this point.

Ten or so minutes in, and Donna got a LOT louder. I did NOT speed up or go harder -- that's what MEN want, apparently, but a woman wants a steady touch. Or so I gather. Her long, smooth thighs started to press against my ears, then jerk up, then stiffen . . . and I felt something I'd never felt before -- her stomach muscles VIBRATED as she slammed into a solid orgasm. She clenched EVERYTHING, held her breath, and SHOOK. Oh, yeah! And then she panted, flopping back down onto the couch.

I looked up, trying not to grin, and saw how some hair was plastered to her face. My Bev? She looked . . . proud.

"How about a beer?" Donna asked, but when she tried to stand up, her legs wouldn't support her. She sank to the floor, laughing her ass off. We all laughed, loud and long.

Ten minutes later, when we had rehydrated, Donna said "All right, one more event. I think you'll like this. Bev, get those pants off him!"

She lay on her side, with her thighs at a right angle to her body -- as if she were sitting in a chair. This made her breasts look a lot larger. And I went from semi-stiff to fully charged -- remember I hadn't had any release in a week. Bev had a little trouble getting those pants off over my aching cock, but it was worth it to see Donna's face. She didn't change expression, but her pupils quite definitely expanded when she saw my pole bounce free. It IS kind of a lot of dick, if I say so myself.

Donna talked me through it -- "You're gonna put that meatpole between my thighs. Bev, the lotion? Rod, you're gonna put your left arm behind me, and your right hand between my boobs. And you're going to thigh-fuck me until you shoot. BUT: No shooting in my thighs. Stand up, and point your cock straight, when your climax comes. We're gonna see something."

I'd never thigh-fucked a woman before, but it was a lot like missionary. We were face-to-face, I could grab her ass if I liked, and because I had my waistline against her thighs, my weight was sort of on my cum organs. Her left hand held my stiffy in position so I could thrust. 

WOW. It was sweet. It was hot! And having my right hand between her breasts was really tightening the springs inside me. My Bev had big, lovely breasts, and Donna's were more modest (as you'd expect in a model) but they sure did the trick for me! Well, after seven days of abstaining, then the anticipation, then the pussy-eating, a LOT of things would have done the trick for me. And Donna WAS totally hot. 

Soon, very soon, I felt the sperm trying to push its way up. I had never been naked with a model before, and I wanted this to last. But when I'd stop, Donna said "oh, no -- no pauses! If you want to fight your cum, you do it the old fashioned way. Keep thrusting!"

I always oblige a naked babe. With her arm, she pressed her breast down into my hand, and kept shoving back against me. I couldn't believe how hard my schlong felt. I thrust more and more and harder and harder, but somehow that didn't prevent the cum from welling up in me. Bev said "He's close!" Well, yeah -- firm muscular thighs clamped around my cock, plus the smell of hand lotion, I'm only human!

Bev knew the signs when I was an inch from cumming. She said "GET UP!" and Donna pushed me. I leapt to my feet, and Donna started jerking me firmly. She hardly needed to bother -- that cum was on its way! I struggled to keep it down for one more second, to enjoy her terrific stroke job. But one second was all I could buy myself.

I SHOT. I burst! The first bolt sailed free and far . . . then the next pumps went FARTHER. I heard it splat onto the floor, far ahead of me. More and more sperm fountained from me, and Bev came to hold me from behind, while I shook and tried to keep on my feet. I felt that hot stuff all the way through me, flowing, a torrent. Cum flew and poured and ran out of me. Even after my cock had dropped its head and my masturbatrix had dropped my cock, semen ran, like syrup from a jar. A puddle grew at my feet.

Why had she dropped my cock? Because she was running to get the tape measure! Donna shouted "Eleven and a half feet! No, wait -- that bit is 11 feet and 11 inches! Shit!" Bev whispered "That's a new record, baby!"

I flopped onto the bed.