 When I woke up to the sound of somebody whispering, I was disoriented. I totally had forgotten that I had passed out naked and, at first, I didn't even know where I was. I cracked my eye and saw Kristin sitting up topless in the bed talking to one of the other girls from the beach. I was on my side facing away from the girls and they did not notice that I was awake. I closed my eyes and pretended to be asleep, but I listened intently to their conversation. They were clearly aware of my proximity and were trying not to wake me, but I could still clearly make out their muffled dialogue.

"That's Kay's nephew and you already fucked him. Kristin, he can't have been here more than two hours. You're such a slut, what will Kay say?" said the Brunette. 

"I suppose she'll thank me for making the boy a man," Kristin said giggling. "Jackie relax if you knew the whole story you wouldn't be acting this way. I'm telling you the kid's alright."

"You took his v-card? How old is this kid anyway?" Jackie asked.

"He says he is 18, but he fucks like a twenty-five year old," Kristin said laughing. "I mean you would have never have known he was a virgin. He made me cum so hard. He's got some endurance; I must have had him hard for forty-five minutes straight earlier. Not like Nicholas. He used to bust his load as soon as I would touch his little dick."

"Too much information, thank you, but that does shed some light on your break up. I always saw Nick as the confident type?"

"Maybe so but he has four and a half inches of hard dick on a good day—figure that. Then you got this little kid, who's so shy that he's jerking it to me showering in the guest bedroom and he turns out to be a near sex prodigy," Kristin said. I had to smile to myself when I heard this. Not that Kristin was the end all authority on the matter, but I was happy to know that not only had I not been horrible but that I was actually pretty good.

"I was wondering what was all over the curtains in the guest room. That's gross! How could you sleep with him after that?" Jackie said in a condescending manner.

"Well, after I called him out, we talked a while and I thought he was cute. Plus, I mean look at him he has a nice body. And you haven't even seen the best part!"

I felt the mattress move as the girls stood up. I could hear their footsteps move towards my side of the bed. I could hear both of the girls giggling and I tried not to smile and stay perfectly still. Suddenly I felt the sheet that I had been sleeping under get pulled to the side. I didn't want to open my eyes but I was sure I was lying their completely exposed. I could feel a cool breeze coming from the bay windows brush over my flaccid penis and sack.

I heard more giggles coming from the girls and I thought about how long I was going to let this continue. Just then, however, I heard Kristin say something through her muffled laughter, "It's nice right? I mean I want to suck that thing right now just looking at it."

"Easy girl. I have to admit, the boy does have a nice penis. It looks big even though he's soft; it's all plump and stuff. How big did that thing get?" Jackie asked.

"I don't know. 8 inches maybe. It even hurt me at first but once he started going, it felt so good. Come on Jackie, reach out and touch it. I'm not going to tell anyone and, as prude as you are, I know you want to feel your hands on that cock right now."  

"I'm not a prude. What if he wakes up. That's easy to explain. Oh, sorry I just wanted to play with your dick. By the way my name is Jackie. I don't think so," Jackie said.

"Yea and he'd probably just thank you and let you keep on with it. Plus he's not going to wake up. Trust me, the flight here plus the workout I gave him, I'll be surprised if you can even make him hard much less wake him up," Kristin retorted.

There was a long pause when no one said anything. So long, in fact, that I thought that maybe the two girls had tiptoed out of the room and I just hadn't noticed. Just as I was about to open my eyes I felt a hand softly palm the shaft of my dick. I tried stay still and regulate my breathing. The small hand wrapped around my dick began to move up and down and I felt the blood rush towards my groin.

"Oh my god Kristin, it's so smooth and soft. And I think he's getting hard" Jackie whispered. I was indeed and I was having a harder and harder time pretending to be asleep. I let out a soft moan and I felt Jackie let go of my dick and pull her hand back with a gasp. My dick was about half mast and flopped down against my leg. I heard Kristin giggle and I opened my eyes. I made eye contact with Kristin and smiled. 

"Hey big boy, I was just looking at you penis with my friend here. This is Jackie, by the way," Kristin said introducing her friend.

"I know I've been up for a couple of minutes. I just wanted to see how it played out," I said smiling. Jackie's face turned bright red. "Well I think it's only fair you guys finish what you started, don't you?" I said glancing down at my exposed cock. 

Kristin smiled and without warning pulled Jackie's towel quickly off her body from behind. Jackie must have been coming in from taking a shower and was completely naked. Kristin was right; she had beautiful tits with dark nipples that quickly became hard in the cool ocean breeze. Her pussy was completely shaved. Jackie screamed and tried to cover her pussy with one hand and her breasts with the other arm, "Kristin, oh my god what are you doing?"

"You started this, you could've walk out of the room but you didn't cause you want this. Come on you can't get him all excited and leave him hanging; look at him he is ready," Kristin said. My dick was now nearly fully erect and had caught Jackie's eye. She seemed apprehensive but stopped covering herself and slowly sat down on the bed. She inched closer and wrapped her hand around my shaft. I reached out and took a handful of tit in my right hand; forcefully massaging each of her big tits individually. She glanced briefly at me but quickly turned away in embarrassment. Then I saw Jackie close her eyes and lower her mouth over the head of my cock. She sucked momentarily and then licked the underside off my shaft repeatedly—working from the tip of my dick down to the base. Then she scooted forward and positioned her tits on either side of my throbbing cock. I had never tit fucked a girl before. My ex girlfriend had a very small bust so it was never even an option. Jackie, still avoiding eye contact with me, spit onto the head of my cock and let the saliva drip onto her tits for lubrication. Then she pushed them firmly around my eager dick and began to move them up and down, sending a feeling of pleasure straight to my balls. 

I let out an audible moan and for the first time since I had admitted to be awake, I saw Jackie crack a smile of satisfaction. She seemed to be getting caught up in the moment and no longer seemed ashamed of her exposed position. Jackie had swung her legs up on the bed and I could see her wet bald pussy. She began moving her tits up and down faster. Occasionally, she put the head of my dick in her mouth or let saliva drip into her cleavage to keep my shaft well lubricated. I started to breathe heavily as Jackie quickened her pace. "Let me know if you're going to cum, ok?" she said. I nodded my head quickly and tried my best to last as long as I could. Just then I looked over at Kristin who was playing with her pussy in the chair next to the bed. When she saw me watching her, she stood up and jumped onto the bed. She straddled my head and lowered her pussy down towards my mouth. "I think you owe me one," she said giggling. I reached up and used my fingers tp spread her glistening lips, inserting my tongue into her slit and flicking it back and forth. "Oh yea that's the spot. No, oh, yea right there."

I licked Kristin's clit and she let out a long sustained moan. I continued to work my tongue up and down her slit and I inserted two fingers into her sopping cunt. I used my thumb to play with her clit. I pulled out my fingers and Kristin grinded her pubis against my face. I sucked on my right index finger to lubricate it and then reached around and started to finger Kristin's asshole. She was caught a little off guard by my spontaneity but encouraged me by sitting back, pushing my finger further in her ass. She started to pant harder as I continued to move my tongue in and out of her pussy.

All the while, I had almost completely forgotten that Jackie was rubbing her tits all over my dick. I was reminded of this fact as I felt that familiar feeling my orgasm quickly approaching. Kristin began to orgasm and her juices started to fill my mouth. She tasted good; not like I thought pussy was supposed to taste. She let out a moan and a shudder as she came. This sent me over the edge as well and I motioned with my free hand the best I could to alert Jackie. She caught on immediately and took my cock in her right hand and started to suck on the head of my dick. Kristen climbed off my face and joined Jackie down by my cock. I grunted and began panting quickly, and Jackie popped my dick out of her mouth and finished the job with her hand. She aimed my dick towards Kristin's face and continued jacking me off until I couldn't take it anymore. Kristin sat patiently waiting with her mouth wide open. The first stream of my jizz flew directly in her mouth, but the second hit her in the forehead and dripped down her nose. Jackie continued massaging my cock but this time she aimed it towards her face. I shot a third and final stream of my cum into her mouth and all over her chin. Kristin swallowed the jizz in her mouth and then took my cock from Jackie's hand and inserted it into her warm mouth. She sucked the remaining fluids from my cock and let my cock sit in her mouth till it became flaccid. I looked down at the two girls, who were covered in my cum.

"I think I need a shower," Kristin said with cum still dripping from her nose.

"Me too" said Jackie. "What about you Adam? You up for a little steam shower?"

"That sounds like a great idea, but I don't know if I'll be able to, you know?"

"Well that's not what I heard but let's just get cleaned up and play it by ear," Jacking said winking. The two girls jumped out of bed and headed down the hall toward my Aunt Kay's room. I followed the two naked girls down the hall, watching their young asses shake as they skipped toward the master bedroom. I followed Kristin and Jackie into the large steam shower and turned on the water. It was cold at first and I had to jump out of the stream, but the water quickly warmed up and the shower started filling up with steam. I watched as Kristin and Jackie playfully soaped each other's body, occasionally making out and glancing back at me. Kristin massaged Jackie's large milky tits and used her fingers to rub her nipples. I saw Jackie's hand creep toward Kristin's pussy. She inserted a finger into her wet slit and began working it in and out. To my surprise, my dick was almost completely erect. I noticed that Kristin saw this and she kissed Jackie and told her to sit down on the marble ledge. Then she walked over to me and said, "I think you have to finish what you started." Just then she turned around and stepped back so that the tip of my dick was pressing between her ample ass cheeks. Then she bent over and began eating Jackie's pussy. Jackie moaned in pleasure and I stood there dumbfounded with my cock hovering just outside Kristin's asshole. Kristin paused for a moment and looked back at me to see what the holdup was. I needed no further introduction and I took a step forward and grabbed Kristin's hips. I slowly pushed the head of my cock into her tight ass. It was tighter than her pussy and I could tell that it was causing her some discomfort. Each time I pushed my throbbing member further, Kristin would stop eating Jackie's pussy and let out a moan that was no doubt a combination of ecstasy and pain. But each time she bit her lip and urged me on with her sultry eyes. Kristin went back to fingering Jackie and I continued to stretch out her virgin asshole. 

With each thrust, my cock pushed against the tight walls of Kristin's ass. Her ass was hot like an oven. As she got more acclimated to the pressure, I began thrusting faster and faster. I closed my eyes and bucked wildly. Kristin was rocking ferociously back on to my cock and I heard her scream out in ecstasy. I felt her ass cheeks clench on my throbbing cock and I pulled it out as I shot a huge long stream of cum, which ran up Kristin's back, over her hair and onto Jackie's tits. The two girls were exhausted and were breathing hard. I moved from behind Kristin and over to where Jackie was sitting. She had her eyes closed and was giggling, still holding Kristin's head between her legs. I positioned my dripping cock in front of her lips. As I pressed the tip of my cock against Jackie's lips she opened her eyes and looked up at me. Though she was surprised, she did not hesitate and parted her lips to allow my cock into her luscious mouth. It was softening by the minute and Jackie was able to suck all the way to the base of my shaft. I gently pulled my limp member out of her mouth and collapsed onto the ground next to Kristin...