 I knew she was addicted to cock even before we started our relationship. I knew her ex husband and he was highly sexed and also knew she was fucking around on him with at least two other guys. 

But somehow we got together after her divorce. It had been 3 or 4 years since I had last seen her and she was looking hot and I wasn't getting any pussy and a hard cock has no memory. So we got together to "talk about old times" as she put it. We never really had any "old times" but I had always wanted into her pants. Well as these things go we were great in bed together, better than most of my past lovers. She loved to suck cock and have her pussy eaten and I sure enjoyed both myself. We sucked each other off everywhere and sometimes three times a day. Sometimes we could have sex ten or twelve times in a row and never fuck. She really came well when I was eating her and she had my cock in her mouth, even if I had already cum myself and wasn't even hard. Sometimes as I was eating her and she had cum but I wasn't ready to quit I would let my attention drift from her clit to her beautiful full cunt lips and suck on them. I also liked to really get into eating her cunt hole, I would try to get my tongue as far as possible into it and suck her copious juices out. I have also been attracted to rimming but she was new to it. I took it slowly and assured her that I knew her ass was clean and really enjoyed doing it. With patience and practice she came to love it too. From rimming I started touching her little star with the pad of my finger, then just the tip. I progressed to one digidet at a time to the point where I could get most of my index finger up her ass. She was really getting to love this with my licking her clit. 

One afternoon after we had had a really intense oral session she said "I bet you would really like to fuck my ass wouldn't you". My cock started to stiffen immediately as I said I sure would. She said she was ready if I was as gentle as I was with my fingers. We had used some nice lube on my fingers and I slowly massaged a copious amount around her ass hole. I had had my finger in her earlier so she was quite relaxed by this time. I asked her to lube up my cock and she filled her palm with some lube and massaged it into my cock. When she said she was ready I placed the head of my cock at her asshole and applied just the slightest pressure. I told her to push back when she was comfortable enough to accept more cock. I almost went ballistic as my cock head popped into her ass hole. With time and patience I had about half of my 5 inches in her ass and she said that was about all for now and to start fucking her. I was in heaven as I knew that I was the first to fuck her ass. I was adjusted to the fact that she had probably had more lovers than I and tried not to think about her past. I had quite a few great experiences myself but always felt she was way ahead of me. When I came it was so intense I could feel my own ass hole clenching shut and toes curling.

Our sex life continued to be intense. We started sharing stories about our past sex lives and fantasies. We both fantasized about threesomes. With either men or women. She had had experiences with other women some of whom I knew but hadn't fucked myself. I was telling her that I had even thought about trying cock myself. At first to try to keep up with her real experiences, then because of her very positive interest exploring my hidden thoughts.

As time went on I was feeling that even though our sex life was good she was missing the excitement of new cock to suck and new tongues to sit on. So I figured if she was going to suck another cock I was going to have some control over it. I had set something up with a friend of ours that I had known before her and had double fucked some women with. We had had sex with women with each other in the room and even swapped partners after watching each other fuck. We had never had any contact with each other but had heard he had a bi threesome with another couple I knew were bi. I figured at least he could satisfy my ladies need for new cock even if I didn't get any myself.

So, one afternoon, Jane and I were getting loose on the couch in the living room, we were both naked but only finger fucking and stroking each other when the door bell rang. It was my friend Ted. Jane had a short cotton dress that I had picked out for her to wear earlier and I only had some shorts to slip on. When Ted came in it was very obvious that we had been fucking around, you could smell it in the air like perfume. After a quick hug and hello he asked to use the bath room. When we hugged I had pressed my stiff cock to his leg and I swear he rubbed his hip into my crotch.

When he was in the bathroom I asked Jane if she wanted to suck a new cock? She was already pretty hot but looked at me hoping I wasn't kidding. She asked if I was serious and I replied "very".

We were on the couch and I had slipped the shoulder strap off one side of her dress and had one hand caressing her breast and my other hand up her skirt with a finger in her already wet cunt when Ted came back into the room. 

I asked Ted if he wanted his cock sucked? He looked at Jane, where my fingers were, her beautiful exposed tit and started to open his pants. I pulled Jane's' dress right off and my shorts down by the time Ted was naked. He kneeled on the other side of her and presented her with his hard cock. She looked my way for a split second but it didn't slow her mouth down much as she took all of Ted's' uncut 6 inches down her throat. She proceeded to give him one of her best sloppy blow jobs. I slipped down between her legs and started sucking the juice out of her cunt and licking her clit. Ted's eyes were rolling back in his head before I could get Jane to cum. He started to squirt his cum down her throat. She swallowed it like someone dying of thirst, not missing a drop. But it didn't take her long to cum herself. She was shaking from her toes to the top of her head before I knew it. It was one of those orgasms she gets where I can't touch her cunt for a while after. As she came back down to earth and Ted sat next to her, she looked at me and my rock hard cock and said" I bet I know what you want, don't I". 

Without waiting for an answer she slipped her ass to the edge of the couch, spread and lifted her legs exposing her cunt and ass hole. She put her hands between her legs and spread her ass cheeks exposing her pretty little ass hole for both of us to see so there was no doubt where she expected me to put my cock. She looked at Ted and said "Mark really likes my ass hole, what do you think of it?" He replied that he would really like to bury his face in it himself. I told him he might want to wait a few as I had plans of my own. He replied right back "what makes you think I would need to wait?"

Things were really getting hot as I asked Jane to let me slip under her and have her sit on my cock. She said let me lube you up first. I expected her to run for the Astroglide but she dropped to her knees and started sucking my cock. I had slipped into her ass hole from her cunt once when we were having one of our afternoon fuckathons but that was the only time she was relaxed or hot enough to not need lube. After a second she gave Ted's' cock a few quick sucks as it was starting to rebound and turned around and slowly sat her tight little ass hole on my cock. She got more than usual into herself before she leaned back into my arms. We got into a nice but limited rhythm of my fucking her ass going. There was more that the usual excitement of fucking her ass with having someone else sitting next to us. As she was leaning back into me she raised her legs again showing Ted her cunt. She reached back down between her legs and held her cunt open to him. I couldn't keep all of my cock in her ass in this position but it was enough, trust me. 

She asked Ted "Give you any ideas Ted?" He dropped between her legs and started to lick, suck and pretty much dive into her crotch. He was licking from her clit past her lips into her cunt hole and around her ass hole. He had to lick my cock to pay any attention to her ass hole, but everything seemed so natural. I guess natural might not be what some would think but it was so comfortable to all of us. Jane started to cum again and let my cock slip from her ass hole. It naturally snapped right into Ted's mouth and he picked right up sucking me off. Jane was looking between her still raised legs saying how hot this was to see Ted with my cock in his mouth and had another orgasm without any contact from any of us.

It didn't take me long to cum in Ted's mouth and he swallowed it all. Something told me that I was right to think that mine wasn't the first cock he had sucked.

As Jane and I were catching our breath we slid apart but still next to each other and Ted rested back on his heels with his stiff dick sticking up in the air.

Jane looked to Ted's hard cock and offered him her open dripping cunt. It didn't take a second for him to slip into her. He went in all the way to the balls and started fucking her. After a while of this Jane said "Hey Mark I think it only fair since Ted sucked you off that you return the favor, plus I really want to see you with your first cock in your beautiful mouth, so how about it?"

Well I guess turn about is only fair and after he had already sucked me dry I wasn't worried about being rejected or him telling anyone.

I settled in between his legs and took his hard cock in my hand and started to stroke it so I could work his ample foreskin back and forth. It would just about cover the entire head and when I would skin it back so I could expose his beautifully shaped crown. When I pulled the skin over the head I would suck on it and roll it around in my mouth, then try to lick the crown with the skin pulled forward. I always picture uncut cocks in my fantasies and it was as great as I had imagined. He was slippery with Jane's cunt juice and I could taste her on him. All this made it hotter than just sucking my first cock. I licked and sucked and swirled the head of his cock in my mouth. I took more and more of it into my mouth loving it even more than I had imagined. I started to fuck him with my mouth. Jane had come down next to me and said something about being there to help but thought I looked like I had done this all before. "Not really but expect to do it again, a lot!" 

Ted came in my mouth shortly thereafter and I tried to swallow as much as I could. It really didn't have any real sharp taste that I could identify, guess I will have to try some more to be sure. Jane kissed me trying to steal the last of Ted's cum.

Jane had been caressing my soft cock and when her hand reached around to gently put pressure between my spread cheeks on my ass hole. Sort of how I introduced her to anal exploration. She whispered in my ear "thinking what I thinking?"

To be explored later.....