 Bea is not only our sister-in-law, she's the wife's best friend, and all the excitement we can handle. She's Five foot seven, 44DD-38-40 and willing to discharge anything with two legs. Her husband (wife's brother) spends more time in jail than at home so Bea's with us more than not.

This is the way Bea tells it: It's been a six weeks since I lost my virginity to a borrowed rubber cock. Two weeks ago I gave it up in the back seat of Billie's Tempest. Last week I found out, that my room mate has the hots for me. This week has been comparatively uneventful. All in all not bad for a fat girl that couldn't even get second look. It's amazing; this all started because my blouse popped open in class!

Cleavage and Legs. The guys like-em and I like the attention. No more of this fat girl shit. Call me a slut---but don't call me fat.

Wednesday evenings are slow, so It's a good thing that some students need help with their grades. Anyway that's done. It's going on nine and I'm do for a good night's sleep. The door was locked. While I was fumbling for my keys it was opened by my red faced roommate. Angie has been known to drag one of her boy friends back to the room. When she just cracked the door, I assumed as much. Showing only part of a dainty little camisole, she struggled for an excuse.

From inside I heard another girl. Now, that pissed me off. I pushed open the door. There were three of them, Angie, my roommate, Millie, and Tom. They were playing cards. Obviously it was strip poker and Millie was wining.

I turned to leave when Tom asked, "Bea, why don't you bring those big tits in here and make the game a little more interesting?"

"Your fucken sick! We let you play; Now your not satisfied with us?" Millie scolded. 

"What the fuck is it with you? You don't have the only tits on campus. Give the girl a chance to show her's. Why don't you?" Tom countered. What the hell! I've done everything else in the last few weeks. I strutted in made a swoop around the bitch and plopped my ass on the floor beside Tom.

Millie recited the rules, "It's 21. No shoes, socks or nylons."

I kicked off my shoes and after the first hand it was a choice between my blouse and my skirt . It was a big decision because the bustier was only an under-wire. Take the blouse off and they'll be... What the fuck. The bitch thinks she's hot shit ha! I slipped out of the blouse. 

"Well I never. Don't you think those should be harnessed?" Millie insinuated. 

My thoughts became words, "If you got-em .......... Besides Tom ain't complaining."

Millie, who won, still had all her cloths. Tom lost his jeans. Fucking hot boxers and that ain't all baby! Angie lost her camisole. It's obvious, she had nothing but her birthday suite under it. She's done. Oh how wrong I was! Not about the birthday suite, mind ya; about being done! Angie spent nearly ten minutes in the sensual act of removing it. First the straps slipped down her arms and the neckline dropped to tantalizingly hang from her ridged nipples. Then, she bent forward. The frilly satin easily slipped free. Stretching slender from her chest, gradually increasing in size until they became almost round. They hung down like long neck squashes. If I didn't know better I'd bet they were half full of milk.

Tom was enchanted. Aside from a short peek at my pair he never blinked once. Angie pinched and pulled her long hard nipples until they were blood red. Un-fucking believable. They stuck straight out like pegboard hooks. Yea -- mine, they, point right straight down, and ain't no way they ever get that long. As if that wasn't enough to get Tom totally aroused, Angie turned backside to us and let the satin slide over her best asset. At barely a hundred pounds, Angie's tits are but small melons but she has the sweetest ass in the dorm. Did I say that? Must be something I heard. The camisole lay in a puddle around her ankles. Her pussy, just two ribbons of bulging flesh, pushed at her thighs as if it was an egg, jammed in there for her to hold. She kicked the camisole free and her pussy like a flower, burst into full bloom.

I wasn't surprised to see that Tom's cock was straining against his shorts but I couldn't believe the wetness between my legs. Millie, who I pegged queer as a three dollar bill, had her hand up her skirt. Now that's something I do in private. 

Then came the new rules from Millie, "If you don't have any cloths then the winner can request anything. Like a dance or —"

It's the "or" that has me bothered.

Tom won the next hand. Not to eager about dropping my skirt I teased for as long as possible then reached up under and slipped out of my soaking wet panties. Tom promptly, and proudly, stuck his head through one leg and let them hang down like a limp beret. How fucking embarrassing is that? Then he pulled them to his nose and sucked in the stench of my excitement.

The fucking bastard even pretended to faint. Just what the fuck have I got into?

" Your next Angie." Tom commanded, "Dance; dance for me baby." 

She stretched her lean body, bounced her titties and wiggled that beautiful ass. God, that girl makes me hot! Tom teased her by playing with himself though his shorts. Good thing he finally relegated his attention to his next prize, Millie's blouse. Any longer and I would be doing a Millie up my skirt. I don't understand why I get hot when I see her dance, -- but I do!

Millie sensually raised her blouse and flaunted her 34Cs. No bra for this gal. It's just disgusting that a gal can go around without a bra. You'd at least think she'd have one of these fucking bustier things to hold them up. She didn't. 

Ya know, I think, even with one naked gal and another with her perfect Cs out, Tom's attention, is still on my tits. I wonder if he'll be as interested once this thing comes off and my shiny bumps for nipples are pointed at the floor?

Millie, the fucking bitch, finally lost her jeans when Tom won again. This fucking bitch had no underwear at all. She never planed to keep her cloths. Now he had two naked bitches and I was about to show him just how a big pair hang. 

I tugged the top strap open and my tits rolled out over the under wires.

"All fucking right!" Tom exclaimed while applauding.

He loved Them! "Broad hips and big tits." I'm getting the message, "They fucking love em!"

I pulled his hands to my breasts and let him strip open the next three straps. 

"All fucking right!" Tom exclaimed again. "You girls see these! These are fucking tits!"

I wanted them in his hands and he was all too willing to cooperate but the other two would have none of it. 

"Ok that's enough." Angie scolded as they both jumped in and pulled him away.

They wouldn't let him play so I decided to show him more. I danced for him. Leaning over and dangling them in his face. Straddling him. Showing him my pussy. More pussy than he ever saw from either of these girls! When I dropped my skirt I not only had him but I had both sluts too. Did I say that? Must be the excitement.

Slowly it came to him that Angie sill owed. 

"Suck her tits"! He demanded of Angie. Angie hesitated. "Suck Bea's big fucking tits." 

I backed up as she came at me. In just seconds I found myself pinned to the floor. They held me down while that bitch gathered my tits out of my armpits. That's where big ones go, you know. She sucked on my nipples like she was getting milk. I have no idea what you call this shit but ---- I like it!

With my pussy screaming for attention, they simply let me up and took up the cards again. Why? Us girls were naked and we could have taken his shorts anytime we wanted. 

We didn't have to because I won the next hand. Tom stood up, hooked both thumbs under the waist band and slowly worked them down. They were down near his knees and yet nothing but curly brown hair. Suddenly the dam thing popped out. All 10 inches of it. Hard as a telephone pole! Blue as, well, — blue. It sent chills up my back just thinking. "Slowly Tom. Rub it all over my sopping cunt. Get it wet in my juice. Gasp my tits and jam it in until your nuts slam my ass! Don't fucking move. Let it settle in. Let me, my pussy, take care of the rest!" I've no idea what a cock like that would feel like, but--- I want it!

"Suck it" I commanded. 

They looked at me like there was some doubt about what I'd just said. 

"Both of you. Suck his cock. Both of you!" I added. 

Tom, all to happy to cooperate, laid back on my bed, spread his legs wide, and waited for them to go down on his pole. It took a while for them to get the position just right. At last it was Angie on her knees sucking his balls and Millie straddling both; the head of his cock in her mouth.

The way Millie was going she was after a mouth full. I grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her off. 

"Get off him you fucking bitch! Let the cream for all of us!" I commanded

None to soon either, His pre-cum was dripping from her lips. Another hand? Why? Millie won and now that she knew I was a Cum Queen.

"Ok lets see it shoot." She was talking to me, "Wack him off!"

Without hesitation my hand wrapped around his cock before she even got it out. I didn't even let go while he got back on the bed. Leaning over him I fisted his cock so hard my tits hurt from banging together. His breathing got faster and faster then suddenly he froze. 

He cried out. "Do me baby! Pump it out! Oh yes. Oh yes!"

In spite of the my tight grip, the his cock expanded and the cum drooled all over my hand.

I pounded the big thing and demanded. "Cum. Cum. Give it to me. Right here ---- right on my tits." The big load never came. The only flying cum came off my hand. Some what disappointing, I must say. When Billies little thing popped it shot out all over my tits. With a cock like this one I sort of expected more. Just the same, ---- I love it! "Now clean that mess up you bitch." Millie commanded of Angie. 

I've no idea how that little girl moved me out of the way but the next thing I remember she was lapping up his cum and I was relegated to wanking my pussy. Didn't I say I did this kind of stuff in private?

Millie pulled my hand away and commanded "Tom eat this big bitch's cunt."

Again I backed away but just as before, it didn't work. Millie and Angie spread me out on the bed and shoved poor Tom's head up my steaming cunt. It didn't take long for me to figure out how much better a tongue is than fingers. It slipped in and out and all around the sweet spot. Some times he would stop to get his breath. They weren't holding me any more so I grabbed him by the ears and shoved his face right back in my cunt! The girls began sucking my tits. I wanted to push him away to blow my load but I just couldn't do it. Instead I cinched his head in my hands so he couldn't quit. I fucking came right in his mouth!

After that my pussy was so sensitive that his tongue was absolutely sensational. Or was it Millie that had her tongue up my cunt. Who cares! 

"Cum you fucking cunt! Cum again." I screamed to my self. 

I did too. All three of them ate me out and I got off every time.

Once they finished me off, they worked on each other. Just watching, I recovered for a while but It wasn't long before I had my tongue up Millie's cunt. Pussy is so good!

I moaned into her cunt, "Cum you bitch. Give me your cream, Bitch!"

She grunted through her teeth, "Oh. Oh yea!" As my mouth filled with her copper-ish tasting cum. That's another first! Now I know what pussy tastes.... I like it! 

Tom no sooner finished Angie off and we exchanged cunts. I'm so confused. Is it pussy or cock that I like? No... It's the cum! My god, I was 'Bi' long before anyone coined it.

The other girls lay limp over Angie's bed. They were spent. I was still hungry for more. I sucked Tom's half hard cock and kept going until it got rigid again. With my hand helping I got him off in my mouth. 

Is cum fattening? Must be. It tastes to good to be margarine. If it is I'm gon-a weigh 200 pounds. 

Pussy cum, A guy's cum, I can't tell which I like more. I just ---- want it.

I'm a fucking 'Cum Queen'!

When I first opened my eyes, the sun was up and our first class had already started. Tom was in my arms. Millie and Angie were in the other bed. We were to late to think about it. He snuck out of the girls dorm and I took a shower. A cold shower. That was a longtime ago. 

That's her story. From me to you -- Bea loves to suck and wank cock. Eat pussy? Yea she likes that too. I know! 

"Sally, what's Bea doing tonight?"