 This is the last chapter. Thank you for being my readers.

Four days went by before I even THOUGHT about sex. Well, that's not true. But it was at least that long before I felt as if I might be able to cum any jism - instead of dust. It was a month before Beverly told me the last test was coming on Saturday.

"Don't cum for three days, this time." "What, not a week?" "You can if you like, I've said all I'm gonna say," she told me, and she kept her word.

I had dreamed, before waking on Saturday morning, that I was lying on top of my girlfriend Bev, with my head between her generous boobs. Remember, she's a big, big girl, near-giantess -- and in this dream, I'm lying on my back -- with my head cradled in those baby-soft mounds . . . I woke up with pre-cum rolling down my side.

So with a fool's smile on my face, I held Bev's hand as we marched up to a small brick house near the city line.

Three laughing girls met us at the door, and swept us in to a vast, plush living room. Couches, fur throws, deep carpets were everywhere.

Julie had tight curls of brown and high cheekbones. She was full of enthusiasm, full of life. She was almost five feet tall. You got the impression she did gymnastics in high school, but left to lead the pep squad.

Suzette was half-Philippino and half Hawaiian -- lovely caramel skin and unusually tall (almost six feet.) She didn't walk, she glided -- and seemed at ease in her own skin the way cats (but few people) are. She was lithe, with C-cup breasts, I'd say, and dark straight hair. She was older than the others. I soon learned that she knew what she wanted.

Anna Sue had freckles and a tomboy's manner. With the page-boy cut, you wondered if she had been hoping to be a man. But if so, her body had betrayed her by developing Serena William's proportions. Great big heavy breasts preceded her, everywhere she went. When I looked at the swell of her hips, I could feel my balls getting heavier!

After drinks and some "catching up" among the women, they turned to me.

"So here's the deal. We're going to do everything we can think of to you. All you have to do is stop us from making you cum. Just say 'STOP!' and we will. Every time."

I was speechless. They giggled as Bev told them how very unusual that is for me.

"How many times do you think you can choose to NOT have relief? How LONG do you think you can keep DECIDING to stop us? THAT'S what we'll be judging you on!"

"Um, which? How long or how many times?"

"Both!"

So I had to NOT cum, and I had to ASK to not cum! I COULD cum whenever I wanted. What they were looking for was to see if I could keep that urge to cum at bay!

"We'll start will Julie, but . . . you'll never know what's next. Just remember, we won't MAKE you cum -- you get to decide how much you can take!"

Julie the gymnast pounced on me. They laughed harder, and backed off to let her work. I think someone left to get drinks, but my attention was pretty well taken up by Julie's rubbing herself all over me. I was more than half-hard when she reached me, and soon there was NO more room in my shorts for Ol' Nine. She gave him a hard squeeze and then whipped her clothes off.

I was right -- pep squad AND gymnastics were in her background. Her thighs were amazingly strong. She straddled my chest and brought my hands to her nipples. She had those great champagne-glass breasts the French idealize, but nipples that were real standouts. They must have been pretty hard to conceal even on warm days.

She didn't hurry to get me out of my clothes -- she rode me, clearly having a grand time. I mean she let me feel her thighs squeeze my ribs. Wow. A little woman, but tough as nails. I had a moment to think that if her pussy were that muscular -- but then she swooped in for the smooch, and she was biting my lips, licking around, really ready for action. Lubrication dripped from her pussy onto my stomach muscles.

Bev, who I love, called out "Let her see it, boy, she's READY!"

"Aw, Bev, you shouldn't have!" Julie murmured, when she yanked my stiffie into the light. "Then agai- . . ." and with that open-mouthed vowel, she crammed half my cock right in. If Bev didn't have me used to demon-strength cocksucking, I might have fired off right there. A minute of awesomeness went by, when Julie pivoted to present her pussy to my face. I remind you, she was pretty short. But with a pillow, and the length of my cock, we almost made it work. I strained to reach her fuzzy pudenda, and was able to lock on.

Half a minute later of my pussy-eating later, she couldn't suck my hard-on any more -- she had a short fuse. She rose up, and jammed her puss onto my face more securely. I was plenty happy, and Julie was crying out her approval to the world. Then some joker started using her nails on my calves and feet -- not tickling me, but very nearly so. And with my face deep in Julie, I couldn't see who. I couldn't even protest.

Well, Julie started to buck and wail . . . I brought her over into orgasmland in no time, and she hopped off me. With shining eyes, she said "I hope that's just the start, but this is a tag-team and I gotta rotate out."

Suzette had her almond eyes fixed on us, and one finger lazily teasing her clit. She didn't have to say anything -- she held my gaze while she eased onto her back and beckoned me over. Her black, black silken hair spread across the bedsheet.

My cock would have said "What have you gotten me into?" if it could have -- but she slid my great big erection right in, so anything it might have had to say was muffled in the shudderingly good walls of her cunt.

Suzette folded me in her arms and moved her hips just a little. It was like having your back scratched VERRRY slowly . . . I mean that it was so, so good but also a little bit hard to endure. My cock felt like an aluminum rod . . . smooth but hard enough to make a "clang!" if you tapped it.

We rutted. Really, you know how sometimes you make love, and sometimes you FUCK, and then . . . Suzette's expression as she looked up at me said that the wisest thing I could do was to PLUMB her pussy, to REAM my way through this experience. It was heaven.

I pulled out to pace myself. It was just in time for us all to see a FLOW of pre-cum emerge and drip drip drip onto her. I put my head to her breasts and panted for a minute, then slammed back in. The women laughed to see my determination, but Suzette and I were in deadly earnest now. She was tall enough that I could get a nipple in my mouth while I whammed in again and again. She gave an extra little sigh when I latched on -- but my mast gave an extra little spasm! I reminded myself that I had to pace myself.

Breathing hard, now, I put a thumb on her clit, and kept pushing into her over and over. She had a fine sheen of sweat now, and my thumb on her hot button made her grab the sides of the matress. She lost her composure and started bucking back up at me. I felt semen filling me, but I was sure I could bring her off before I had to cum.

It was close.

She shook like a lioness getting free of her kittens, and clamped down. She didn't make a sound, but we all saw the orgasm possess her. I wanted to cum, but held on. She held her breath, hard, then started panting and let me go. I slipped my angry-looking woody out and tried not to look relieved. I hadn't had to call a time out.

Bev, my Bev, came over and grasped the very base of my terribly erect erection. She scolded it. "I know you -- you're an inch from spurting! Aren't you?" Bev actually shook her finger at my pulsing pole. "Yes, this thing is FULL of sperm. Well, your owner is going to have to keep you on a leash. No cumming for you. You're going to make me proud, you're going to be a MAN today, and we want no surprises from you!"

There was some discussion among the women as to whether I owned my cock or it owned me. I was grateful for a minute of cooling-off time, because I really needed it.

Anna Sue was on the carpet, waving her meaty ass at me. "Ready, big boy?" I could have called a time out. I SHOULD have called a time out. But how often do you look at a gorgeous woman and say "Um, maybe later?" I went over, feeling my super-long prick bounce in front of me with every step. Well, it sure FELT super-long just then.

I thought I'd buy a little time by using my fingers on her. She liked that. I have a really good touch, all the women in my life have said so. But in four minutes I had brought Anna Sue to a little climax and she was saying "isn't there a COCK you could put in there?" On the one hand, I was happy to. On the other hand, it hadn't gotten ANY softer in all that time. It felt hard enough to break boards in a karate class.

I'm guessing Anna Sue liked doggie-style. She was making sounds deep in her chest in no time flat. We leaned back a tiny bit and she was calling out "YES! YES!" Someone behind me said "something something g-spot", but I couldn't spare enough brainpower to listen -- all of my blood was pounding to get into my bone-stiff boner. I still felt in control, but wow -- this was some kind of day!

Then Suzette, behind me, put her breasts around my ears. She mashed them to the sides of my head, and I felt a "zap!" run through my willy. I shouted "STOP!"

Everyone stopped what they were doing. I wasn't TOO close to cumming, but I wasn't that far, either. Anna Sue, with 1/3 of my cock up her, stayed still as stone.

I silently gave thanks.

I eased my cock out, after a minute, and retreated to the couch. Three naked people (and my girlfriend, who was down to her panties and holding an egg-shaped vibrator) relaxed together. And lithe little Julie set an oven timer for five minutes.

I'd begun to breathe a little easier, when the timer booped, and Anna Sue threw one smooth, muscular leg over my lap, and pointed my cockhead at her core. She looked at me to see if I was going to stop her. I'd gotten a little soft, in those five minutes, but Anna Sue GRIPPED the base of my dick and that pushed all the blood into the far half of my cock. And those hefty breasts of hers seemed to take up my whole field of vision -- I pulled her hips down onto me.

Ahh, what a pussy -- it bathed my prong in heat. I was 100% stiff again, and Anna Sue began to bounce on me. Her tits were so meaty! They wobbled, but didn't jounce, they were too solid for that.

Then she started to tease me: IN! Hold . . . OUT . . . hold . . . IN . . . like that, for a bit. I teased back, making my very erect erection bounce inside her, or latching onto a dark nipple and humming low notes . . . I hadn't had this much fun since . . . okay, ever! But I was starting to sweat, and I kept reminding myself to keep a firm leash on my urge to cum.

Remember the horse whisperer? Anna Sue's pussy was a cock-whisperer. It promised all sorts of things to my dick. And my dick wanted to believe! Man, if I could put one minute of my life on a loop and then LIVE there? Well. I had my hands on Anna Sue's hips, but then someone held my right hand, and someone else held my left. Nice. And I saw that the woman I love, Bev, was using that vibrating egg on herself right through the purple panties. The panties had a big ol' wet spot on the front, and the spot grew larger. MAN, this was more stimulation than a man should have to take!

This time, I called a time-out just as soon as I thought I should. No need to take chances, right? Bev came over and kissed me and held me, while the other three women busied themselves . . . including Julie, who set the oven timer for SIX minutes.

It wasn't enough.

Not only was I plenty stiff, still, when the buzzer rang and they all came over, Anna Sue showed NO mercy -- she climbed right back on and started riding me just like before. The others were even worse! The two of them held my hands, but this time they pressed them to their breasts. I might have lasted ONE minute before I felt a kegful of cum starting to press for the exit. I called another time-out.

I saw the timer got set to seven minutes. I seriously doubted it would be enough. I felt it inside -- I wanted to cum. I wanted to cum a LOT. I had a LOT of urge, and a HUGE wad of cum built up, and . . . you get the idea.

Lithe little Julie came over and did a reverse-cowgirl pose on me, but didn't slip my boner inside -- she held it firmly against her tiny tummy, and slid up and down. I should have realized this was only taxing MY endurance, but I had NO blood to run my brain with -- it was all trying to jam its way into my great big erection. Where should I look? At that firm, firm ass in front of me? No . . . how about Bev's up-pointing breasts? Bad choice. I know -- Suzette's hourglass figure . . . I guess I really DON'T have any blood in my brain.

I shut my eyes.

"Want to call another time-out?"

"No," I panted, "No -- just . . . don't use your HANDS on me -- do what you want with me!"

"But using my hands on you IS what I want to do!" said Julie. And then I felt a mouth on me. Oh, gods, this was a LOT to take in. The owner of that mouth said something that was totally muffled by my stiffie filling her mouth, but we could all tell she was saying "And THIS is what I want to do!"

The women giggled, and Anna Sue came right over, took my stiffie away from Julie's hand and Suzette's mouth, and jammed it up her puss. Suzette seemed a little non-plussed. She tweaked Anna Sue's nipples, in revenge -- or at least I assume that's what she did from watching her elbows, and feeling the latest pussy SPASM around my trembling dickhead. I was dying to cum, but I felt I could hold on a little longer.

Anna Sue had been starting to moan louder, the last time I was inside her. Now she was clearly working for her own orgasm. And her roommates decided it'd be funny to keep her from getting one, apparently. I was just lying on my back, fucking up into this beautiful, curvaceous babe, and trying to think about something, anything OTHER than the terrific fucking this beautiful, curvaceous babe was throwing into me. But those two minxes came over to stimulate me enough that I'd have to call a time out before Anna Sue could cum.

Julie put her little pussy right onto my mouth, and put my hands to her ass. That made my hard-on stretch an extra two millimeters, and made the cum-load in me lurch. I was at about the point of shouting for a time-out, but she knew it -- and ground her pussy right into my face with all her weight.

Suzette, meanwhile, took my balls in her mouth. I know for a lot of guys that's a slice of heaven, but not me -- I can NOT relax and enjoy that! It makes me panic just like you would if someone grabbed your balls and prepared to yank. I shouted so loud, they all heard me THROUGH Julie's pussy, I bucked her right off my face, and very nearly dislodged Anna Sue! Suzette released my scrotum, toute suite.

"No! No!" I got out, while holding Anna Sue's hips onto mine -- I wanted her to know I wasn't saying "no" to HER. She paused just long enough to make sure I was doing okay, and we started fucking into each other again. Tremors were racing up and down her pussy walls.

My cock was stone-stiff, and her juices were trickling down my crotch, but I still felt in control. And when Anna Sue began to buck, I held her hands to help her through. She whipped her hair around, her weighty breasts flying this way and that, as she shook and quivered through her climax. I knew I wasn't THAT close to cumming, but all the same I was grateful when she fell off me and curled into a ball, to recover from what looked like a once-in-an-orgy cum.

Suzette asked if I was okay. "I'm sorry if I scared you, Suzette, but I just . . . I do NOT like that! I know lots of guys do, but . . ." "No, I'm sorry -- no one wants a surprise during sex, unless they do . . . well, I'm sorry."

I took her hand and held it to my pounding heart. "Don't give it another thought, you . . ." I trailed off, because someone had her mouth on my cock. Were they TRYING to make me cum? Didn't they KNOW I had to not cum, today?

It was Bev. Bless her greedy heart, she wanted me -- even though I was supposed to be controlling myself today, she just couldn't resist getting a bit of me for herself. She rolled me on top of her and put my cock between her really sizable breasts.

"No," I smiled at her -- "c'mon, you know what that does to me!" I scooted to where I could get into her -- and as soon as I entered her oven of a puss, I knew I'd made a mistake. I could manage just two thrusts before I had to SHOUT. "BREAK! PAUSE!" and I damn near leapt off her. It's not nice, but I was in a competition, remember? I don't know how many guys they'd given this treatment to, but I was trying to do a good job so Bev would have bragging rights with all her friends. I know how weird that sounds, but I was not JUST thinking with my dick, I was thinking with my ego.

Julie set the timer for 10 minutes this time. It wasn't enough! Yes, I lost my hard-on, which was -- oddly -- good, since I was trying to last. But -- ever notice this -- when you go soft in the middle of a marathon sex session, a FLOOD of pre-cum comes out of you? The girls noticed, and had a sort of pillow-fight moment with each other, getting drops of pre-cum from my cockhead and then wiping it on each other. The giggling would have gotten me hard again by itself, never mind the persistent grabbing at my dickhead!

"No fair! You're yanking . . . uh, wanking me, and the timer hasn't gone off yet!"

"All you have to do is ASK for a break!" "All you have to do is control yourself!" "You can stop us any time!" came the replies.

I don't know how I did it. I was brimming with semen, I felt it. The day went on and on, with fucking, with cunnilingus, with tit-rubs that I will be grinning about when I'm toothless and gray. I don't know HOW I kept from firing a small lake of cum over all those naked bodies . . . but I was determined, and I was in love with Bev, and somehow this had become about helping HER to show up all those friends of hers.

But I was dying to cum. I HAD to cum. I was absolutely going to go mad if I didn't cum . . . and I stopped thrusting. I stopped the mouth on me. I stopped and breathed and stopped them and called "STOP!" and damn near wept from the effort to say "STOP" because I was aching to, absolutely bursting to cum. I remember at one point I was thrusting away inside one girl while another held me from behind, and a third used her nails to tickle my ribs. I start oozing pre-seminal fluid just THINKING about it now.

Yes, I had to call for time-outs more and more, but they never taunted me for it, just went about their daily activities in-between driving me right up a wall. They were always bringing new ways to set my dick throbbing, to bring me to a frothing level of stimulation . . .

I remember when I finally couldn't stand it. I was balls-deep in Suzette. She was on all fours, while Anna Sue sat on Suzette's tanned rump so she (Anna Sue) could clasp me tight. She made those great big breasts of hers burble up under my chin and halfway up my cheeks. As if this wasn't enough, Suzette had grabbed my right hand and was using it to bring herself off AGAIN. (One of the toughest things about the whole day was watching THEM have cum after cum after cum, all four of 'em, while I couldn't have ANY.) And Bev, smiling at my red face and my panting, came and took my left hand and buried it in her stupendous cleavage. And suddenly I could not hold out one moment longer. A quarter-ton of semen shifted inside me and my overworked ejaculatory system burned. The fluids in me were searingly hot.

"I'M . . . GONNA . . . CUMMM . . . N-NOW!" I shouted into Anna Sue's chest, and everyone pressed me a little harder. I remember how Suzette's pussy clamped down on me (I couldn't believe it -- the amazing fucking she'd been giving me was actually her going EASY on me?) but my cock was so lead-pipe hard that it just made no difference. I'd have cum like a grenade even if all of them had jumped off me. Even if the aliens landed. The sperm was just NOT going to be denied any more times.
