 If you've read my 'She Wore It Well' stories then you are familiar with the characters in this latest installment. It's not necessary to have read them, but I suggest you do. Prior to this encounter, Vicki and I played as exhibitionists with Bill and Janet at the clothing optional beach.

Thanks to AdrienneL for reviewing this entry. 

*****

"Show me," I said to her, grinning. "Just like we showed them."

Vicki spread her legs open further. She eased the tip of her flesh-colored dildo just barely into her folds. 

"They've seen this before. No reason why they can't see it again."

She worked the full length of her toy into her pussy. It was life size, about the same size as my dick. Vicki called it her fuck buddy (FB).

She had been playing with her FB for a while now, so it was no surprise when she started to show signs of reaching an orgasm. Her eyes glazed over and her mouth opened wide. And then she came. Like most of her orgasms, it was pretty strong. We both knew that when she delayed the finale it led to a much bigger, sometimes almost violent orgasm.

I was still pumping away. I had already cum once so I wasn't necessarily expecting much, but, as always, the sight of her cumming worked its wonders and I managed to shoot off another load.

Isn't technology a wonderful thing? We especially enjoyed Skype.

Vicki and I had started Skyping early last summer after meeting at the clothing optional beach. And even though we had 'consummated' our relationship at a subsequent beach visit, we still enjoyed our online affair. We Skyped a couple of times a week. And lately, our play sessions involved reliving that last beach visit. We had progressed from just showing and being seen to actually having sex on the beach. Not like we did it right out in the open; we had arranged it so just a few people could see us. Vicki's cousin Sandy had watched, as well as Bill and Janet. They were fellow beach lovers and apparently liked watching as much as we liked showing. 

It always got us hot to role play that beach encounter. We had talked about the possibility of meeting Bill and Janet again, what we would do and to whom we would do it. Always a hot topic...

So one day I decided to see if we could actually go thru with what we had fantasized. Bill had given me his phone number, so I made the call. I didn't tell Vicki ahead of time; if it was going to work with Bill and Janet, then I'd spring it on her.

I had a stiff drink before I dialed. I was more than a bit nervous.

As luck would have it I reached an answering machine. Trying not to stammer, I took a deep breath and left a message. "Hello, Bill. And Janet... I'm not sure if you remember me from Gunnison last month. Vicki and I surely remember you guys. We've been talking and, uh, are curious if you'd like to meet up sometime. Let me know, ok? You can reach me or text, at this number. Uh... Hope to talk to you soon." I was sure that the message sounded stupid; I had convinced myself that this wasn't going to work when the phone rang. I checked the display on my phone - it was the number I had just called.

"Hello?"

"Hi, it's Bill. I was on another line when I saw your call come in. How are you?"

"I'm fine thanks. Sorry about the cryptic message." I was even more nervous than before the call.

Bill said "No, I totally understood. And we definitely remember you guys from the beach. How could we possibly forget that show?"

Hearing that relaxed me a bit. "Well, Vicki and I can't forget it either. I have to admit that we replay it over and over again."

Bill laughed and said "If we're going to have true admissions then I have to say that we do as well. Top ten on our fantasy list."

He continued. "So it sounds like you want us to meet? We're definitely up for that. What did you have in mind?"

I hadn't really thought this through. I guess honesty was the best policy. "I haven't really thought this through. Maybe we can meet up for a drink sometime."

"That sounds good: You and Vicki and Janet and me."

We discussed the details. They lived a couple of hours away, actually closer to Vicki than to me. We set up a time (next Friday) and place (a bar that Bill recommended). Now all I had to do was fill Vicki in.

It turns out that was easier than I expected. Her only concern was that she was going to feel embarrassed; they had watched us fucking. I reminded her that they weren't just innocent bystanders. I told her that we were just meeting for drinks and maybe dinner, but I think she was thinking, as I was, that perhaps something more was in store.

That next week crawled past. Vicki and I had a couple of Skype sessions, role-playing that we were exposing ourselves to our new beach friends. The sessions seemed to get hotter as the week progressed.

I packed for the weekend on the assumption that no matter what happened with our new friends I wasn't going to be driving back that night. The backup plan was to spend the night at Vicki's. I had never been to her place, so the backup plan didn't sound too shabby. It was a win/win for me.

I arrived at the restaurant at the specified time. It was busy with a Friday happy hour crowd. As I looked around trying to find Bill and Janet I realized that I might not recognize them with their clothes on, and vice versa. Perhaps I should have just stripped. Then I saw them signaling to me from a corner booth. Vicki wasn't there yet, so I quickly shot her a text to let her know I was there.

As I approached them, I was impressed with how they looked dressed. Janet was dressed in a nice pair of form-fitting jeans and a button-down blouse. She had a couple of the buttons open, nothing too daring, but it showcased her ample breasts, propped up by an unseen bra. Bill had on a pair of dress slacks and a polo shirt. And although they were both older than Vicki and me by at least 10 years, they were in fairly good shape.

My nervousness quickly vanished as Bill and Janet treated me as if I was an old friend; a firm handshake from Bill and a warm welcoming hug from Janet. I ordered a drink for myself and another round for B&J. We talked about nothing in particular - weather, news of the day, etc. I received a reply text from Vicki saying that she would be there in a minute, and before I could reply I saw her walking in. She was also dressed casually in nice jeans and an open-collared shirt with a black camisole showing. She looked great, but then I thought that she'd look great wearing a potato sack. 

I waved her over to the table and gave her a tight hug and a kiss. So did B & J. So much for any embarrassment I guess. 

By the time we were in our second round of drinks the conversation had shifted to that day at the beach. "That was quite a show you gave us," Bill said. "Had you ever done that before?"

Vicki replied that no, that was a first for us. Janet said that in all of her years in visiting that beach, she had seen a lot of interesting sights, but that was one of the most erotic. 

I remarked, "The two of you weren't exactly just innocent bystanders." 

Vicki added, "You even got my cousin into the mix." 

"Yes, guilty as charged!" Janet said. 

I raised my glass and said, "I propose a toast - to the enjoyment of guilty pleasures!" After the clinking of glasses and laughter died down there was an uneasy silence. 

Vicki, apparently having gotten over any of her initial reservations, spoke up first. "So... Where do we go from here?" 

I was beginning to feel the effects of the alcohol, so I answered: "If I don't get any food in my stomach, my next stop will be under the table." 

There was barely a pause before Janet pointed to the floor below her seat and replied: "There's room under here for you!" 

That brought on some chuckles, and perhaps a little bit of awkwardness, and then Bill spoke up. "Getting some food sounds like the right idea. We could eat here, but Janet and I would love for you to come back to our place. We have all the makings for a dinner in the fridge. It may not be fine dining, but I'm sure we can whip up something."

I looked over at Vicki and made eye contact. Almost at the same time, we answered that it sounds like a good idea. Bill & Janet looked happy that we had accepted the invitation. Janet suggested that we leave one of our cars here and pick it up on the way back. I think they had thought this out more than I had.

As we followed Bill and Janet, Vicki and I discussed what we were thinking. The meeting in the bar went well, and, besides some not so innocent comments, there wasn't a lot of sexual tension. So we really weren't sure what the evening had in store. We had often role played showing off for our new friends but had never discussed what, if anything, we would do if we had the chance. We had talked about showing off to our 'friends' but that talk was always in the realm of 'same room sex' and had never included swapping. But I knew Vicki well enough to know that if given the opportunity she would most likely go with the flow. So that's the conclusion we came to; same room sex was a 'go', swapping was a 'no-go', but we'd go with the flow and be ready for anything. 

Bill and Janet's house was in a typical suburban neighborhood. It didn't stand out from the other houses. There was a well-sculpted front yard with a fenced-in backyard. Upon entering I could see that the house was in immaculate condition. Coming in thru a foyer, we stepped down into a large sunken living room with a fireplace.

Drinks were served as Janet started to organize a meal. Bill offered Vicki and me the 'nickel tour'.

The basement had been partly converted into a man cave, with a pool table and bar. There was laundry room off to one side as well as a half bath.

Beside the living room and the kitchen, the ground floor had another half bath and a dining room. The living room had a glass sliding door that opened onto a deck overlooking a spacious backyard. The yard was also nicely landscaped; with the trees, shrubs, and fence it seemed that privacy was ensured. There were, however, neighbors that probably could have had a looked down into the back portion of the yard.

The deck wrapped around the back and side of the house. There was a hot tub on the back corner of the deck, with a grill, patio furniture and contained fire pot scattered around.

The upstairs consisted of a guest room with attached bath and the master bedroom with a full bath. Both were huge. The bath had an oversized shower with a glass door, a Jacuzzi, and double sinks. There was also a wooden door, which I thought might just be a walk-in closet. Bill saw me looking at the door, so, looking like a proud father, opened it up and stood off to the side. It was a sauna, with benches on the long side; one lower and the other a step above. 

"Sweet!" Vicki exclaimed. 

"Yes, over the years I've made more than a few improvements to this place, but this was probably my best project." 

When we headed back downstairs, Janet was in the process of serving up dinner. She had made a chicken Caesar salad and was pouring out glasses of wine. Janet told us to serve ourselves, that she would be right back, and headed upstairs. She was gone only a minute, and when she returned she had changed out of her jeans and into a sweatshirt and sweatpants. By the way her top moved I was guessing that she had removed her bra as well. "There," she said, "much more comfortable."

The casual conversation continued as we ate and drank, but there was now a definite sexual undertone. Eventually, Bill brought up that day at the beach. "So how long have you two been exhibitionists?" he asked with a smile. 

Vicki was quick to respond "How long have you been voyeurs? " There was laughter from all with another toast to "Guilty Pleasures" from Janet. 

I took control of the conversation, explaining that Vicki and I met at the beach earlier that year and that time with them watching was the first time when had had sex, at least the first time we had had penetration. 

"And your cousin, Sandy?" Bill asked. I told him that I hadn't expected her to be there. Bill said that she seemed to fit right in. He was right; after some initial shyness, she took to the scene like a fish to water. By the time Vicki and I were fucking, Sandy was face down in Bills lap.

We finished dinner but the drinks kept flowing. I asked Bill and Janet about their past experiences at the beach, knowing that they had been visiting Gunnison for years. Janet spoke first. "We've pretty much seen a bit of everything over the years - twosomes, threesomes and once even a gal getting it 'up the butt' - usually with the participants trying to be somewhat discreet. But something about your show was so special, so erotic. It must have been because it was your first." 

Vicki asked if they had ever joined in. Bill responded "I can't lie! Once in a while, we do get friendly with the neighbors." Vicki replied that she thought it was as much fun watching as it was showing.

Vicki's comment seemed to have brought the conversation to a halt for a moment. Bill and Janet exchanged a knowing look and then Janet said "Why don't we continue this conversation in the hot tub? It's all warmed up and ready for us." 

This wasn't a surprise to me; once I saw the tub out back I envisioned we were somehow going to end up there before the night was thru. Of course, Vicki spoke up and said it was a fine idea, but we hadn't brought any suits. 

Bill grinned and replied "Come on... really? After Gunnison we've all seen all that there is to see" 

"And then some" Janet added. Vicki smiled so I knew she was ok with this. 

Janet led us upstairs to the guest room and gave us some bathrobes to change into, then went back down to get the tub ready. 

As I got undressed I watched Vicki disrobe. I could tell that the talk, and probably the anticipation of what was coming, had gotten to her. Her nipples were distended, her face was a little flushed and I even thought that I could see a bit of moisture on her pussy. She had trimmed her landing strip even further; it was almost nothing more than a thin line. The lack of hair made her labia ring stand out.

I couldn't resist the opportunity. I went over and embraced her, both of us naked.

"Did I forget to tell you how happy I am to see you again - in person?" I asked. 

"Yes, you forgot," she said. She reached down and held my cock. "But I can tell you're happy without saying anything."

I needed to confirm our understanding of what we might be getting ourselves into.

"Are you sure about this?" I asked Vicki.

She turned her face up towards mine and asked "What do you mean? They're a nice couple; I feel very comfortable around them. What are you worried about?"

"I guess I mean that... well, are we leading up to having sex with them?"

We had talked about this earlier, on the way over, but since it seemed so inevitable now I wasn't sure of where Vicki stood.

Vicki said "A full out fuck-fest? I don't think I'm ready for that. What about you?"

I tried to determine if Vicki was leading me on, testing me. And with her hands now on my balls, it wasn't an easy question to answer.

I replied "I've got to admit that having two women at the same time is pretty high up on my fantasy list. But adding another guy to the mix isn't even on the radar."

"You think you can handle two women at the same time?"

I wasn't going to take the bait. "You're more than enough woman for me, and all that I need."

Vicki smiled, gave my cock at a little squeeze and said "Good answer! How about if we just watch, and perhaps show if the opportunity arises?"

I replied "OK that's fine with me. And don't look now but indeed something has arisen." 

I held onto her with one hand on her ass and moved the other up to caress her erect nipples. She let out a moan and shivered; I had forgotten how sensitive those nips are. 

"It looks like you might also be happy to see me," I said. 

She smiled and said "Perhaps. Or perhaps I'm glad to see Bill again". 

I played along with her, saying "Or Janet."

"Last one in the tub is a rotten egg!" she said. She threw on her robe and left the room. 

I was hard now and even as I put the robe on I knew there was no way I was going to hide that. Based on the direction this night seemed to be heading I didn't think that was going to be an issue. 

I headed back downstairs and out onto the deck. Bill was already in the tub. Vicki was helping Janet with a tray of drinks, Janet still in her sweats and Vicki in the bathrobe. I took my robe off, tossing it onto one of the chairs, and got into the tub as quickly as possible without exposing too much of my dick, which was still at half-mast. However, it's not easy to get into a hot tub quickly, so I think all three watchers noticed my arousal. Vicki lightened the situation a bit by saying "Nice ass!"

I sat down across from Bill and we both watched as Vicki also disrobed and got in. We got a full frontal view as she stepped into the tub. The sight of her naked body, with just perfect size breasts and that faint auburn strip of hair, never failed to excite me. Bill didn't say anything, but Janet, only getting a back view of Vicki, said "Nice ass!" getting a laugh from Bill. Vicki took a seat between Bill and me.

Apparently, Janet was up for a bit of exhibitionism, as she took her time removing her clothes. With the three of us watching, she grabbed the bottom of her sweatshirt and peeled it off over her head. Her breasts were momentarily caught on the hem of the sweatshirt, but once they cleared they bounced into view. Her breasts were much bigger than Vicki's, but not so big that they were hanging low. Yes, gravity had taken its toll, but not too much. She tossed her sweatshirt over to a chair. Then, directly facing us, she hooked a thumb on either side of her sweatpants and slowly pulled them down, confirming that she had decided to forego not only her bra but her panties as well. Her dark bush, although neatly trimmed, obscured her lower lips.

Janet proceeded to serve us drinks, making sure that we could see pretty much every inch of her body as she bent over to hand them to us. Leaning over to serve Bill put her ass almost directly in my face, so it was my turn to say it. "Nice ass!" She looked back over her shoulder at me, smiled, and gave her ass a couple of shakes.

Then Janet eased into the tub between Bill and me. Bill wrapped his arm around her shoulders, resting his hand on her breast, which was partially submerged. It looked like her hand went directly into his lap; it was hard to see under the water. I followed suit with Vicki, wrapping my arm and cupping her breast, and she put her hand on my thigh.

I turned towards Janet and said, "Thanks so much for the delightful dinner." 

"And the wine!" said Vicki.

"Yes, and for all of the wine," I replied. "You've shown us great hospitality."

I knew that this was just small talk but it seemed like the right thing to do.

Janet smiled and replied, "You're most welcome." As she said this she put her free hand on my other thigh. She moved her hand over to the inside of my thigh and when she realized that Vicki had her hand there as well she interlocked fingers with her and slid their hands up my thigh, over my balls, and onto my cock. My erection had subsided a bit when I entered the hot tub, but now it was springing back again, harder than ever.

Janet then turned to Bill and said, "But we'd like to show you more than just hospitality, right Bill?"

Before Bill could reply Vicki piped up with "Yes! You owe us a show!"

I think she was a bit drunk. I know I was.

Bill started to get out of the tub, then turned around and sat on the edge, facing us. Perhaps he was drunk too, or perhaps the temperature of the water affected him or perhaps he was at that age where he needed a little help because his dick was still completely flaccid. Even so, I must admit that he was very well hung. His balls hung low and his cock was probably close to 6 inches. He was totally shaved, which probably helped to make him look even larger.
