 My antics in the garden earlier in the week had my partner, James, in a right state. He knew I was attracted to women and even gave me permission to play with others, but he had never been witness to what I got up with others before. His glimpse of us in the garden gave him a taste, and he wanted more. I invited Rachel over for a girls' night in and thought we would see what happens...

Later that evening James came home to find us giggling and dancing around the house, each of us dressed in only shorts and bra after sunbathing in the garden earlier in the evening.

"Having fun ladies?" He asked.

We both giggled in response and nodded. I gave James a kiss to welcome him home then, glancing over at Rachel, grabbed her hand and pulled her in for a kiss.

Surprised, James smiled and asked Rachel, "So where's my kiss?" Rachel, not one to turn down a challenge gave him a lingering kiss as I watched and smiled.

James took mine and Rachel's hands and led us into the living room and sat down on the leather sofa and pulled us down on either of side of him. Rachel and I smiled at each other and leaned over James for a kiss. Enjoying the view, James let his hands trail down our backs and, reaching my ass, squeezed. I could feel Rachel jump at the touch so knew he had done the same to her.

I leant over James' lap and ran my fingertips over the bulge in his jeans as Rachel kissed him. Watching the two of them kiss gave me goosebumps and I knew James was enjoying himself by the twitching of his cock. Moving onto the floor in front of James, I unzipped his jeans and began teasing his cock with my fingertips and tongue. Rachel unhooked her bra and slid it down her arms, discarding it onto the floor as James' hands found her breasts and began massaging her gorgeous double­Ds.

I was getting wet just watching the two of them. I was never the very jealous type, but if I had known watching James with another woman was so hot I'd have done it sooner!

James was sucking on her nipples as Rachel ran her fingers through his hair, holding his face in her tits. I began to suck James' erect cock and I heard his moans smothered by Rachel's nipples as my tongue licked at his cock while I moved my lips down the length of his 8" shaft.

James reached around Rachel's waist and squeezed her ass through her denim shorts. Rachel took the cue and immediately stood and slid her shorts off quickly. I looked up at her while stroking James' cock and she smiled down at me. Her eyes widened as she took in her first look of his thick cock and I knew from the glint in her eyes she had to have him.

I moved in front of Rachel and sat her down next to James. 'So, do you like her?' I asked, looking over at James.

'She's amazing babe,' was his reply as he grinned. Returning my eyes to Rachel I let my hands glide up her thighs, pushing her legs apart. I could feel the heat emanating from between her legs and her luscious scent reached me. I could see her juices glinting in the light and couldn't help myself. I plunged between her legs, my mouth meeting her incredible pussy. I ran my tongue along her inner folds, tracing her clit, before taking it between my lips and sucking. My tongue returned to licking every inch of her delicious pussy before I let it delve deep into her, licking out all her sweet juices. Her moans filled the air as I pleasured her with my mouth.

Looking up for a moment I could see James playing one breast, teasing her nipple as he stroked his cock while she pinched her other nipple. She was watching James' cock a look of lust in her eyes as his hand pumped up and down his entire length in slow, steady strokes.

I wanted to watch them fuck, the thought of my husband's hard cock sliding inside her tight, wet pussy was getting me wet! I wanted to make sure Rachel's tight cunt was ready to be stretched by James so began sucking on her labia and slowly inserted two fingers into her dripping pussy, stretching them apart slightly inside her before inserting another finger. She was as wet as I'd ever seen her and James was ready, his cock throbbing in anticipation of what was to happen.

Sliding back, removing myself from between Rachel's legs, she looked down at me her expression a question, 'May I?' I nodded in response and she stood. James sat back on the couch and within seconds Rach straddled him, ready to lower herself onto his enormous erection. James let me take control, grabbing the base of his cock and guiding Rachel down to the tip, sliding the head around her cunt, teasing her for a moment, covering him with her juices. They both moaned at this initial contact.

I finally allowed Rachel to lower herself onto him, she was so wet he easily slid in and she took most of his 8" at once. Loving the view, I continued to tease James' balls as Rachel rode his cock, taking all of him in after a few slow strokes. She quickly built up her pace and was soon slamming herself down onto him.

Watching all of this turned me on and I was soaking wet by the time I slid my hand down my shorts. Watching James fuck another woman was incredible! My fingers easily slid deep inside my own cunt as I switched between spanking Rachel's beautiful ass and teasing James as they fucked. James was thrusting up into Rachel, meeting her as she slid down his shaft. Fucking my own pussy harder, matching their rhythm, I could already feel my own orgasm building!

James was grunting with each thrust as Rachel rode his cock, her tits bouncing in his face. He had grabbed on to her hips, pulling her down harder so she was taking every single bit of him.

I laid back and rubbed my clit with my other hand, still fucking myself ­ now with three fingers ­ and watched them fuck. I couldn't believe how hot it was seeing my husband's cock fuck another woman's tight, wet pussy. Moaning, I felt my orgasm take hold and my body shook with the ultimate pleasure. Hearing my moans, James looked behind Rachel and saw me, fucking myself as I watched them. Rachel looked round and the sight of me laid back, fingers deep inside my cunt, pushed her over the edge and she screamed through her orgasm as James continued to pound her.

Mine and Rachel's orgasms lasted well over two minutes and James was ready to explode now. Rachel quickly removed herself from his cock and kneeled beside me, pulling me up to my knees. James pumped his fist over his engorged cock trying to decide which of us to cover in his thick cum first. Aiming at me milliseconds before the first spurt of cum was released, he alternated between us, covering both our faces and chests in cum.

Rachel and I kissed, cleaning the cum off each other. When we were all clean, we all sat back, sated and smiling. James looked at Rach and I and just asked 'So are you going to stay the night, Rach?' and winked! 

I think he had a fun night in mind for the three of us...