 Sheila didn't want to publish this story under her own Lit name, so I let her post it under my account. I hope you enjoy her story, and if you have comments I'll make sure she gets them. I told my view of her early 'movie career' in my recounting under Sisters, Friends, and Lovers - Chapter 23. Enjoy her account; this has a lot more details than my reporting, plus she takes the story into later events I didn't write about. There's a lot more about Sheila in both this story and my accounting so read SFL too (excuse the plug for my own work). Here's her story just as she wrote it (and I edited it). As usual it helps to read the chapters in order. Regards, Steve. 

*****

I'm oversexed.

My sisters, lovers, and friends all tell me the same thing: 'You have an overabundant focus on all things sexual.' I've also been described as perpetually horny, a nymphomaniac, a slut, and a hot girlfriend - and everyone is right.

Everyone includes my family and the group of people I live with. I live in a group setting with a guy I'd fallen in love with: Steve Wallace. What made the situation even more unique was that at the time when I'll begin this story the group included my two sisters, Fran and Ally, as well as a couple of other women - Jane and René, and a man named Aidan we were all intimate with. By intimate, I mean we loved to fuck each other's brains out on a regular basis - like a couple of times a day if we could find the time; but more about that in a minute. 

Steve also had a growing harem of women he had relationships with when he was traveling - and he traveled a lot. We always were excited to hear about his experiences and often he'd bring one of his new friends home for all of us to play with. (See his story Sisters, Friends, and Lovers by clicking on Steve's author's page.)

Besides being oversexed, I am a museum curator. Strange, huh?

So, how did I end up with an ultra-conservative and nerdy job at the Boston Museum? I also love art, sculpture, photography, movies, nature, and the way other people see the world and express those feelings and images through various media. Thus, after college I lucked out in a tough job market and got a job as a paid docent at the Museum, but I was so good at the job I got promoted to assistant curator, and finally an official curator - a person who cares for the museums holdings and arranges for new exhibits, and there are a lot of details to having a visiting exhibit for a few months. I was good at what I did.

My adventure started when through my curator grapevine, I heard about a multi-media exhibit assembled by the Los Angeles Center and Museum for the Performing and Graphic Arts, or for short the 'LA Museum.' It contained film clips showing the progression of entertainment films, old movie posters, artistic pictures and cartoons of stars, Oscars and other awards from deceased performers or those on loan, key props from famous films, paintings by well-known entertainment luminaries, and much more.

The path to having an exhibit on display like this one in my Boston Museum is not linear. I had to sell my management on the idea, and then when they were on board I had to sell the Board of Trustees. Once they expressed approval, I had to contact the LA Museum, and that was when I struck up a friendship with Emily Carlisle for the first time. 

Emily told me to call her 'Em' or 'Emmy' like everybody else did - an interesting name given that some of the performers in the exhibit had received Emmy Awards. We had an increasing number of phone calls, many of them about what we could offer the LA Museum in trade for a large portion of their exhibit.

I gave Emmy several options to trade for their Multi-Media Exhibit, and she went off to talk to her management and then her Board of Trustees about a swap. After several weeks of to-ing and fro-ing and high-level negotiations, we had a general agreement on a trade. 

After that there were preliminary arrangements to think about: insurance, shipping, packing, display space layouts and plans, special construction arrangements, and equipment on both ends, and no end of other details to work out. We couldn't just take a painting worth a couple of million dollars, pop it into a FedEx box, and ship it overnight across the country. By museum protocol everything needed to be escorted, and handled with more care than you could imagine.

Em and I had more and more telephone contact, and in the course of all that got to know each other really well. About once a week we also Skyped, although at the time it was problematic as to whether the video link would always work. At least we got to see what each other looked like. Emmy was cute, pert, and about my age.

Something I said led us to talk about my living arrangements and consequently my sex drive. We had a lot of laughs about the latter, and she was fascinated with the former.

Em was blown away when I confessed that I lived in an intimate way with four other women and two men, but I also hinted at some other intimate 'side' relationships without going into any detail. Em had more questions than there are grains of sand, so each of our conversations sooner or later migrated to some of her questions. We had to catch ourselves sometimes so we could focus on our work about trading the exhibits instead of just learning about each other in hours of conversation. We rapidly became great friends.

The multi-media exhibit was so large, I would have to fly out to LA and spend some time with Em going over the full exhibit and the back-up contents to pick just the parts and pieces to display and use in Boston. This was a big deal, especially for me since this was the first time I'd been given the full authority to choose the contents of an entire exhibit we'd show in Boston. I knew the advertising budget alone for my museum would run into the millions. Our museum was a little better organized with Internet pictures available of our holdings so Em could easily pick the pieces she wanted to borrow online.

Em and I had become such good friends by way of the telephone, and a couple of Skype calls, that I accepted her invitation to stay with her when I flew into LA. I'd never been to LA so I was amazed at the scope of the city - it was dramatically different. I loved it - even the infamous traffic.

I arrived on a Tuesday afternoon, and Em met me at the airport. We went right to work, and by the end of the day, what with jetlag, I was tired. Wednesday I was brighter, and we got some more done in terms of going through the exhibit and picking pieces. By Friday, it was clear I needed to stay over the weekend for another day or two of work.

All along as we looked at things, Em had kept up a nearly steady barrage of questions about my living arrangements and lifestyle. 

I confessed to some of the swing parties that I participated in back east. Of course, that led to dozens of further questions just about those: how many people, what ages, had I ever done a gangbang, was I bisexual, did everyone do it together, how many times in one night did I get fucked, and on and on. The more I answered the more excited Em became, only at the time I didn't know why. She already had told me she had leanings towards nymphomania just the way I did.

Come four o'clock on Friday, Em announced the official start of the weekend. She also announced that she had another job that I was invited to attend while she worked. Her revelation and invitation surprised me since I would have expected that long before she would have mentioned having a second job, but soon after I understood. 

Apparently, as I might have expected of my pretty Hollywood friend, she had a part in a movie and would be shooting some of the scenes that evening and over the weekend. She invited me to watch, but I could tell by her hesitation that there was something deeper she wasn't telling me.

While we were driving in her car to where the filming would take place, Em elaborated on the film she had a major role in. She haltingly said, "Errr, Sheila, the movie I'm appearing in is an adult film. You don't have to come if that shocks you, just please don't mention it around work."

I jerked my head around to study Emily. She was serious. "You mean you do porn? You make porn flicks?"

Em blushed. "Well, yeah. Some of them are quite artistic, however. The guy I work for is more of an artist than the wham-bam-thank-you-mam directors in the industry. I mean what I said, you don't have to come or watch. You could take my car and prowl around LA, or even take the car back to my apartment; I'll give you a key. I can catch a ride back later." Em sounded defensive.

I responded with enthusiasm, "Oh, hell, you bet I want to watch. I told you I'm obsessed with sex. Now I suddenly know a real live porn star. My circle - the people I live with - will be so impressed. How long have you been doing this? How many films have you done? What do you do - do you have limits? Do you do anal - women - gangbangs - group?" I suddenly had almost as many questions in the hour drive as she'd asked about my lifestyle.

After that initial awkwardness and with my encouragement, Em relaxed and she started to regale me with how she got into the adult entertainment business and the scope of what she'd already done.

I listened with great enthusiasm for what I was about to hear and see.

Em told, "I started with an old boyfriend about four years ago. He'd been asked if he and his girlfriend - me - would make a half-hour porn film. It'd be a day's work, and he'd make $250 and I'd make $1,000. I was in debt up to my ears, so I said OK. The director-producer liked me, and offered me the opportunity to make even more money doing more explicit films - some longer, feature length films that had some kind of a plot to them. I said 'yes' to that too, and so evenings and weekends I started to fuck my ass off on film - occasionally at first, but now the work is steadier and I have a name and growing reputation. My stage name is Pam Peters."

Em paused and looked at me to be sure I was OK with her disclosure. I urged, "Go on, this is fascinating."

"Well, that boyfriend and I broke up for other reasons shortly after that first film, but I continued in the new job, keeping the museum thing going as well. I've done about twenty full-length films now and a bunch of shorter videos, and I'm pretty good at it. I'm a good actress because I like the sex and the other actors - men and women whom I work with."

I asked, "I thought you had to be eighteen or nineteen, have double-D's, and love to be double penetrated."

Em laughed as she drove into a nice neighborhood, "There's some truth to that. I'm a D cup - not double D; I don't mind a DP - you may see one tonight; and on the age thing there are men and women of all ages in this game. If you're good and command a following, you can be any age. I met Nine Hartley once, and she's in her late forties or early fifties I think, and she's still going strong. Others over forty include Brandi Love, Julia Ann, and Lisa Ann, plus there are many others. The baby boomers all love mature porn and they have money, so any age is the right age in this business. I'm twenty-eight so I have a long way to go yet. I'm lucky that like you, I look younger than my age. Heck, I still get carded."

Before I could ask any more questions, we pulled up in front of a beautiful home in the hills north of LA. The house was huge. Em explained, "Wes, the director, told me he rented the house to shoot the films in. In my first job in porn if the owner was nice and handsome they may let him appear in part of the film, thus he'd get to fuck someone like me." She gave me a Cheshire cat grin as we stopped.

We just walked in the front door, and beyond the large marble foyer was a beehive of activity in the living room. Two guys were setting up various floodlights to illuminate the sofa and coffee table area. Another had a rack of audio equipment on a cart he was tinkering with. Another man and woman had a table spread out with various photographic equipment - cameras, flashes, and various lenses. One guy walked around making requests of the others. He stopped and came over.

Em greeted him with a hug. "Wes, this is my friend Sheila. She's from Boston and visiting, so I thought I'd show her my part-time job." She smiled warmly.

The man leaned in a kissed Emmy, and then extended his hand to me, "I'm Wes Endicott, nice to meet you. Just try to stay out of the way." He thought for a moment and then explained in a professional manner, "Shooting adult films is very different from regular Hollywood fare. Those films are made up of many short film sequences; in some movies the longest might only be a minute or so. In adult films we just start the cameras and let them capture whatever action is going on. Anything we don't like we edit out later. If something great happens we'll try to do a retake, but sometimes that's not possible - for instance, after a great orgasm or cum shot. Great films often depend not only on actors, but also on the director/editor and the cameramen." He gestured to the couple assembling their camera gear.

I nodded and smiled at Wes. He was cordial and instantly likeable. He wasn't autocratic with the crew, and obviously knew what he was doing on all fronts.

After Wes wandered off to attend to some detail on the set, Em explained, "My first couple of directors did pretty crude videos - some might say 'raw.' I learned that Wes did artier stuff so I went out of my way to meet him and make myself available. We liked each other, and now he's the only guy I'll work with."

Em introduced me to some of the others in the room, and I was surprised at how nice everyone was. Somehow I'd come to associate toughness, booze, and drugs with this industry, but that wasn't what I found there. If you'd met any of these people under other circumstances, you'd have no idea they were in the adult entertainment, and you'd want to be friends with them.

The last person I met was a pretty woman in her fifties named Nancy who did makeup and odd jobs around the set. Em stripped off her clothes, apparently thinking nothing of being nude in the midst of the film crew. She sat in a chair, covered herself with a sheet, and then Nancy went to work on her hair and makeup.

Em is a short, sweet, and booby brunette, yet she has a natural innocence about her that gives her 'girl next door' sex appeal. I could imagine that her pert, sexy innocence would appeal to many men who fantasize about fucking someone with that inexperienced and guileless look. 

What made Em particularly noteworthy was that she was stacked or had a rack or whatever else it is that guys say about a girl with large, firm, natural breasts that were oversized for the rest of her body. Em was definitely a pert D-cup. She also had beautiful areolas: reddish-brown tipped with sexy nipples that even I wanted to suck on after seeing them. Balancing off the breasts, she had a nice ass - the kind that men like to walk behind and watch sway as the girl walks.

While Nancy was working on Em, a swarthy American-Hispanic male with a couple of impressive tattoos on his arms suddenly appeared. He pulled up another chair, and then proceeded to strip his clothes off too. He talked to Nancy, "Sorry I'm late. Traffic on the 610 was more of a mess than usual."

Before he sat, he greeted Em with a quick kiss. She introduced him to me as I sat nearby, "Carlos, meet my friend Sheila. She's a winner and visiting to watch us shoot today."

Carlos politely greeted me, apparently thinking nothing of the fact that he had just gotten stark naked, and I was demurely dressed for work in a conservative museum.

I gawked at Carlos' flaccid cock - about eight or nine inches of man meat that would probably swell considerably when Em excited him into action. I felt a little jealous of her right then and desirous of a hard fuck with Carlos. I hadn't had any action for four days and that was a record for me.

Carlos wrapped a towel around his waist after allowing me ample gawk time. He smiled at me because I'd been so obvious about staring at his manhood. Even Em caught me and winked.

Nancy said to Carlos, "I did Kurt a few minutes ago. When did you shave?" I'd been introduced to Kurt earlier and had noted that he'd been wearing a robe.

"About three o'clock."

"Good. Any stubble around your cock?"

Carlos laughed, "You can check if you want, but I think I got it all."

Nancy snickered, "I might have to do just that." She went back to carefully applying blue eye shadow on Em.

Em read my puzzled expression. She explained, "The guy's cocks look bigger if they don't have pubic hair, plus they show up better on film, so most directors prefer that the men shave off their pubic hair. It's pretty much the same for the women, although most of us leave a little landing strip or tuft of hair to highlight or point to our sex."

I nodded.

Em added, "You might also be curious why we get naked right after arriving. The answer is that we don't want any marks from the elastics in our underwear or bra straps to show up in filming. Sometimes it takes a half hour or more for them to disappear." 

"Oh."

Nancy volunteered, "We're trying to give Em more of an innocent look today, and then when she gets nailed by Kurt and Carlos, it'll be a monumental first for her character. In case you haven't seen her do it, she does the goody-goody two-shoes act on camera really well."

Em proudly said, "It's my specialty or shtick - being all innocent and all. I did a gangbang last year with another gal, and I was the highlight of the film because of the way I acted. I pretended every cock was a first, and then they double and triple teamed me, it was like a religious experience for the little girl in the video. Wes tells me it's one of the distributor's best sellers."

I commented, "The makeup does make you look younger. Nancy is really good at this." As I stood assessing how Nancy had applied the makeup to Em's face, Nancy dabbed a little at my face, adding some rouge and eye shadow in just the right amount in only a couple of seconds so I looked younger and a little tarty.

As she dabbed at my face, Nancy said, "Thanks for the compliment. That's my job. The guys require a little less, just enough so their faces don't reflect the lights in odd ways. Powder usually takes care of that on them, sometimes on Em's body too, although often Wes likes the natural sheen of a long fucking session to come through, particularly if he's using back lighting. The customers don't focus too much on the men, except where they penetrate the girl in a film, so we don't need to be as careful with faces or bodies as the women." She dabbed a little powder on Em's nose, and then pronounced, "OK, Honey. I think you're done." She moved over to Carlos, and indeed she did check out his cock and pubic area, laughing as she grabbed ahold of his shaft and moved it around to check for stray hairs.

Nancy explained, "Wes likes close-ups of the fucking, and in the right light even a stray hair or two will show up so we check ... plus, this is the part of my job I like the most. I should volunteer to be a fluffer."

Carlos said, "Go right ahead, I need to puff up anyway."

Nancy leaned over and engulfed Carlos' cock in one gulp, completely going down on his shaft before pulling off. She grinned at Em and me, and said to no one in particular, "Thanks, I needed that." Carlos had obviously hardened some more and the low groan from his throat told me he liked Nancy's move.

Wes came over and chuckled, "You guys ready? I see Nancy got her cheap thrill of the day."

Carlos laughed and Em nodded. Nancy blushed.

As they walked to the set Wes said, "OK, we're going to pick up from where we left off last weekend. Em you were on your hands and knees on the sofa with Kurt in your mouth and Carlos in your pussy. This time as you move around expect the lighting to change so we can do some high contrast parts of the videos."
