 When my old barber retired, I was at a loss. After ten years, I didn't know where to get a good haircut. I asked around and got a different answer each time.

One day, as I was driving home, I saw a small salon on the side of the street. What caught my eye was the front window. Painted in contemporary style, it featured a sexy woman holding a comb and pair of scissors in a suggestive fashion, riding on a barber pole. The sign said, SHEAR PLEASURE - MORE THAN A HAIRSTYLE. A quick fantasy ran through my mind and I pulled in.

I entered the shop to find it empty, with some pop music playing on the radio the only sign the place was open.

"Hello." I called out.

"Just a second," came a reply from the back, "I'll be right with you."

I sat down in a chair to wait, glancing idly at the style magazines scattered on a table.

"Hel-lo," a voice said, "How can I help you?"

I looked up to see a cute blonde leaning on one of the barber chairs, checking me out. "Well," I said mischievously, "I came in for more than a hairstyle."

She straightened up and walked over beside the chair. She had on a pair of sexy black sandals and a short sundress under her barber's apron. "Well then, let's see what we can do. Have a seat. I'm Penny."

I sat down in the chair and Penny walked around and lowered the chair all the way down.

"You are too tall," she said, "I'll have to get up higher, if you don't mind."

"Not at all," I said and prepared to slouch down in the chair when she stepped back in front of the chair, up on the footrest, and, placing one knee on either side of my legs, knelt down right in my lap.

My surprised look must have been apparent because she grinned, winked, and said, "You did want say you wanted more than a hairstyle, didn't you?"

"Yes I did," I managed to stammer.

"Well then, relax and enjoy it," she said, running her fingers through my hair, her pert breasts just inches from my face. "You have nice soft hair, how would you like it styled."

"I like it short on the sides and longer on top."

Penny reached down and ran her hand over my crotch, "Longer on top, that's how I like it too." With a quick motion, she opened my zipper and pulled my hard cock out, slowly stroking the shaft. "Liana," she called toward the back, "Can you lock the door please; we have a customer."

"Sure Penny, I...," a sexy little Asian woman walked out of the back and stopped, staring at us in the chair. 

I blushed, but I could see her nipples harden as she saw my hard cock in Penny's hand.

"Let me lock the door and I'll give you a hand," Liana said with a lustful look on her face. She locked the door, drew the shade, and put up the closed sign. As she walked back to the chair, she paused to unplug the phone.

Penny slid down to the floor and slipped my cock into her mouth while Liana dropped the back of the chair down until I was flat on my back, my head hanging down. Liana straddled my head and pulled up her skirt. She wasn't wearing panties and I eagerly started lapping her moist pussy. 

Liana moaned and leaned over my chest, pushing her pussy down onto my probing tongue. Lying on my chest, she joined Penny. Both women took turns, licking and sucking my cock and balls until I was on the edge of orgasm.

Liana's legs began to tremble, and she came, moaning on my chest. As her orgasm subsided, she pushed up and leaned back into the wash sink.

Penny climber back up into my lap, pulled her dress up and slid slowly down my cock until it was buried to the hilt. She leaned over and cranked the chair back upright. She opened her blouse and pulled my face to her breasts.

I suckled her breasts as she began to slide up and down on my cock. I sucked each breast into my mouth while pressing the nipple with my tongue.

Penny gasped and bucked as she came crying, "Ooh! Yes! Yes!"

I felt my orgasm building and groaned, "I'm going to come!"

Penny stopped and slid off me. "No you don't!" She said. I want to taste your come!" She pulled me up out of the chair. She sat down and Liana lay the chair back down again. Her head hung off the edge of the chair at the perfect height

She opened her red lips as I slid my cock into her mouth. "Mm," she moaned around my shaft as her tongue slid around the head.

Liana moved around behind me, unbuttoned my pants, and slid my pants and briefs down to my ankles. She knelt down and I felt her tongue flick my ass as her hands fondled my balls.

I groaned and slid deeper into Penny's mouth, thrusting in and out as if it was her pussy. The sensations of Penny's mouth and Liana's hands and tongue brought me to orgasm. I spurted my come into Penny's hot mouth, Liana's fingers milking every drop from my balls. As the last spasm shook me, I pulled back, my cock leaving a thin line of sperm across Penny's forehead.

Liana ducked between my legs as I staggered back against the sink and licked my come off Penny's face with the tip of her pink tongue. As I watched, Penny turned her head and kissed Liana, pushing a mass of come from her mouth onto Liana's tongue. Liana locked eyes with me as she sucked sticky come into her mouth, swirled it around, and moving up, dripped it slowly back into Penny's mouth for my enjoyment.

After the two women were finished sharing my come, Penny sat up, smiled, and licking a stray drop off her lips said, "We are going to have to schedule you for a regular appointment. How about coming in the same time next week?"

I pulled my pants back up, smiled, and said, "I think I can come then."

Penny gave me a sexy smile, "Oh; don't worry, I know you can!"

I still need a haircut...

...what you gonna do in those shoes?