 "Housewarming this weekend. Clothing required" read the text. 

Tammy knew the property adjoining her new lover's house had been sold, but she still didn't know who had bought it. Evidently they were new to the island and its "clothing optional" policy. "Crap!" she thought. She had been going to the island with him for a couple of months, and never packed anything except traveling clothes. They enjoyed a very uninhibited sex life there, and clothes never entered her mind. Now, she had to make a decision about a freaking dress!

The morning had been stressful enough. Her business partner and ex-husband was being an asshole about an important deal, and she hadn't had sex in a month. She really needed a weekend of debauchery, uncomplicated by a housewarming with a bunch of uptight strangers. Now, she had to choose what to wear!

"Private party to follow. We need to shop" came next. Just as she was digesting this info, Tammy's lover stepped into her office. Dressed in his tailored suit, he looked good enough to eat. This thought crossed her mind as she stood to welcome him. Their kiss belied any semblance of a professional relationship. 

Breathlessly, Tammy said, "I'm so horny, I could fuck you right here! Wanna try the desk?"

He laughed softly and replied, "As inviting as that sounds, we need to wait. I promise you'll get your fill of decadence this weekend. We need to get you properly attired for the housewarming first."

"But what about the 'private party'?"

"It's just that-private. We're invited, along with some of the new homeowners and neighbors. Anyway, you won't need clothes then," he told her as he ushered her to the door. 

Her interest piqued, Tammy allowed herself to be driven to a ritzy dress shop in the next city, and was amazed at the selection of "come-fuck-me" clothes on display there. They were greeted by a tall, stunning redhead who shook her hand politely on being introduced. 

"Hi. I'm Sylvie. Welcome to my humble shop. I see you are every bit as lovely as he has told me," she said. Turning to him, she melted into his arms and planted a very sensuous kiss on his willing lips. Pulling away, she said, "You sure can pick them. She's a fucking doll!"

"That's generally the idea," he said, sliding a hand around Tammy's waist. "What we need is a dress for an island housewarming. Sadly, it should be presentable, just hinting at sexy. Think you can help us?"

"Honey, I can cover that body in a blanket, but her curves are still going to show. Let me see what I've got that may work."

Taking Tammy by the hand, she said over her shoulder, "Do you mind locking the door and turning on the 'Closed' sign? We'll be back here," Sylvie said, as she led Tammy around the store. Here and there, she pulled a dress off a rack and held it up to Tammy's body.

For the first time, Tammy really noticed how good Sylvie looked. About five feet-six, her red hair fell almost to her very womanly hips. She wore a mint-colored sheath dress that did nothing to hide her voluptuous body. Tammy had noticed her nipples showing beneath the curve-hugging fabric, and wondered if she wore a bra. She had also noticed the sheer stockings that were a perfect match for the color of the dress. "Garter belt or pantyhose?" thought Tammy, as she watched Sylvie stop at a rack and pick two selections. "Fuck, you're depraved!" she thought. Sylvie found another dress and led Tammy to the fitting area.

The section of the store more resembled a plush living room than a store fitting room. Tammy's lover took a seat and got comfortable as Sylvie began undressing Tammy. She seemed to take extra time here and there, and Tammy got the distinct impression that she was being felt up by a pro. 

"You are extremely beautiful," said Sylvie, sliding Tammy's blouse off her shoulders, then unfastening her skirt. Standing there in just her bra and panties, Tammy suddenly felt extremely sexy. Her nipples pushed at the fabric of her sheer bra, and she looked forward to Sylvie's nimble fingers extracting her tits from it. The thought had no more than entered her mind than Sylvie eased behind her and, pressing her body into Tammy's back and hips, deftly unfastened the hooks of her bra. Sliding her hands underneath the fabric, she palmed Tammy's breasts, cupping them and massaging them with a feathery, yet demanding touch.

"Damn, you're good at this," sighed Tammy heavily as Sylvie rolled her nipples gently. "I can hardly wait until you take my panties off."

"Whatever the customer desires," whispered Sylvie, as she turned Tammy around and cupped her face. The kiss she delivered shook Tammy to her core, and she knew that no matter what, she was going to enjoy sex with this goddess. Sylvie then knelt, and hooking the elastic of Tammy's tiny panties, eased them over her hips and down her legs, helping her step out of them. She picked up the wisp of fabric and tossed it to Tammy's lover, who deftly caught them, holding them as if they were a valuable treasure. "Honey, you smell wonderful. Let's get this fitting over and have some fun!" said Sylvie, standing and resuming the role of businesswoman.

All three of the dresses were strapless, so getting them on and off was simple. With each trial, Sylvie managed to hold Tammy's breast together, slide her hand down her ass, or touch her sensuously. Tammy's stomach was in knots, and when they finally decided on one of the dresses, she launched herself at Sylvie, wrapping her tightly with her arms, and saying breathlessly, "OK, Sylvie darling. It's my turn!" Finding the zipper of Sylvie's dress, Tammy slid it down her back to her hips. Easing it off the creamy, soft shoulders, they let it pool at Sylvie's feet. Stepping out of the pile of fabric, Sylvie struck a pose that held Tammy and her lover breathless. Her d-cup breasts were held up by the half-bra of a bustier, thus allowing her nipples to protrude sexily. 

Greedily looking down Sylvie's body, Tammy was delighted to see that she wore a tiny g-string outside a lace garter belt, which held up her hose. The entire outfit matched the color of the dress perfectly, and magnified the perfection of the body before them. Awestruck, Tammy finally said, "You are absolutely the most desirable woman I have ever seen. I want to kiss you so badly, but I'm afraid of where it will lead."

"Get out of that dress, and I'll show you!" said Sylvie, removing her g-string and exhibiting her well-coiffed landing strip. Turning to Tammy's lover, she said, "I took your advice, Dear, and I love it!"

Tammy had wasted no time shimmying out of the curve-hugging dress and had hung it back on its rack. Sylvie took her hand and led her to a loveseat, sitting beside her and motioned for Tammy's lover to come over. "We're going to get each other revved up. Since you're the only one with clothes on, why don't you perform a little strip tease for us? Obviously we can't throw our panties to you, but I assure you, the effort will be worthwhile. Take your time."

He began undressing slowly, watching the two vixens closely. They embraced and when their lips met, there was no formality, no hesitation; nothing but animal hunger. Hands groped breasts, fingers found nipples and crevices, tongues slithered in and out of wet lips as if there was a time limit on pleasure. By the time he had gotten to his belt, they were paying him no attention. Sylvie finally looked at him and said, "Enough of 'slow'. Help me get these legs on my shoulders, then plug my pussy with that sausage you carry around."

They slid Tammy around so that she was lying on the daybed, her legs up in the air, Sylvie bent over the arm of the daybed, pulling Tammy's hips to her hungry lips. 

Starting by plunging her tongue as deep into Tammy's sodden cunt as she could, Sylvie attacked the delectable pussy lips relentlessly. Pulling them with her lips, mashing Tammy's clit, licking to her asshole and back, she soon had her conquest moaning and holding her head in place.

"C-u-u-u-m-m-m-i-i-i-n-n-n-g-g-g," groaned Tammy, as the long anticipated release approached. Bucking her pussy against Sylvie's face, she screamed until she ran out of breath, yet continued to ride the incredible wave of ecstasy. Lying back to catch her breath, she felt Sylvie move as her cunt was filled with his cock in one stroke. It was Sylvie's turn to moan as he stroked her deeply. Matching his rhythm, she soon returned to Tammy's drenched cunt and resumed her oral assault. Tammy's juices had run down to her asshole, and Sylvie followed them hungrily. She tickled the pulsing orifice, her nose pressing against Tammy's clit. The combination was driving Tammy wild, and she actually held Sylvie's head still, not wanting to cum again so soon.

"Make love to my pussy, Baby," she murmured, feeling each thrust as her lover pummeled Sylvie's pussy. She held Sylvie's face in place and allowed her tongue to contact her sensitive pussy with each forward stroke. This was more erotic on her sensitive pussy, and she soon looked between her legs at her lover. He was staring at her, mouthing her name, and fucking Sylvie silly. 

Tammy felt herself coming again. This one was going to be fucking great. She let Sylvie nibble her clit, enjoying the different feelings being telegraphed into her nerve center as Sylvie approached her climax. Their lover had sped up and was really pounding Sylvie's pussy as he climbed the mountain of his orgasm. When Sylvie came, she clamped down Tammy's clit, driving her over the edge again. They both heard him growl as he unleashed jet after jet of hot, sticky jism into Sylvie's hungry cunt. 

He continued to stroke, fucking the redhead with abandon. Finally, Tammy could take no more and lifted Sylvie's head, pulling her up to lick her face. This pulled her off his dick, and she collapsed on the arm of the daybed. He backed up and looked at his conquests, smiling like the alpha male he was. 

"OK, Fucker. You win!" said Tammy breathlessly. "This bitch knows how to eat pussy as well as you. Did you teach her?"

"Oh, I started her on her journey of depravity, but I must say, when she got her bearings, she really excelled my highest expectations," he replied, helping Sylvie to her feet and hugging her. Tammy moved behind them and added her body to the group. She delighted in the feel of Sylvie's ass pushing into her torso, the heat radiating like the sun.

"Fuck, I think I could do that again," she said, kissing Sylvie's neck and shoulders. Her hands had found the sides of Sylvie's tits mashing against his chest and began kneading them slowly. 

Sylvie groaned, saying, "If we continue this, we'll have to move to my house. I need room to explore both of you, and help you descend into my world."

He looked at both of them and said, "As inviting as that is, we have to get to a housewarming."

"You'd rather go to a housewarming than an orgy at my house?" asked Sylvie, dropping to her knees and suckling his cock.

Reluctantly pulling her up to his face, he explained gently, "Well, the housewarming is just the beginning. There's a private party afterwards. I expect Tammy's sexy new dress will be wet and stained with plenty of body fluids. Tell you what-let us take a rain check. We will get together, and I'll bring reinforcements, just in case you two overwhelm me!"

Faking a pout, Sylvie agreed, and made them commit for one month later. An hour afterwards, they were on their way to the island, Tammy wearing her new sundress, and marveling at the sensuous way it hugged her breasts, allowing the nipples to stand out proudly. When she had put it on for the ride, the hem barely reached midthigh, and now she had slid it up to expose her pussy.

Looking at her leaning back, letting the sun shine on her face and her bald cunt, he felt himself beginning to get hard. He unzipped his pants and took his cock out, stroking it gently until it was erect. Tammy rolled her head in his direction, and, opening her eyes, said seductively, "I'll take care of that when we get to the house."

She put a hand on her pussy, massaging it slowly, and rubbing her nipple with her other. She soon had a finger in her slick cunt and reached over to rub his cockhead with it. As they approached the gate, neither moved to cover their nakedness. Fortunately, the attendant waved them through, and by the time they pulled into the garage, both were highly aroused. They fell into each others' arms in the elevator, and when the doors opened, Tammy dashed to the bed, stripping off the beautiful dress and stretching out on her stomach.

"Get naked and bring me that sausage, Stud!"

He quickly stripped, and approached the bed. Using just her lips, she sucked his plum-sized head into her mouth. Sliding both hands around his hips, she pulled him to her and, using just her lips and tongue proceeded to suck her way down his cock, sliding her tongue under, then along the sides of his shaft. The pressure she put into her tongue bath was more than he could stand, and by the time her nose touched his pelvic area, she could feel the vein under his cock begin to spasm. She moaned and tried to say, "Cum for me." 

He responded instantly, spurting rope after rope of his jism deep into her throat, fucking her face sensuously. She continued to suck until he was completely dry, and massaged his cock with her tongue as she pulled it out of her hungry mouth. 

"Remember – no matter what happens at the private party tomorrow, I still love your cock, and I'll prove it as often as you want me to."

Pulling her up, he kissed her and slid his tongue into her mouth, raking the sides and collecting the cum she hadn't swallowed. When their lips parted, a long string connected them. 

"That's the sexiest thing in the world. I can't wait to let you have your way with those poor innocents tomorrow. They don't know what they're in for!"

They were asleep almost instantly.

Tammy awoke once more to the delicious sensation of her lover slowly licking her from her clit to her asshole and back. She spread her legs to their widest and mumbled, "Deeper! Deeper!" He responded by pushing his tongue as deep as he could up her cunt and holding it there.

She began to writhe, and suddenly, he pulled away. "What the fuck?" she screamed.

"Darling, you need a touchup shave, and I don't want you to come until the party. Let me just keep you on the edge," he said, padding to the bathroom and returning with his shaving utensils. As he prepared and shaved her, she asked several questions about the party. "Yes, there would be other couples there, no there wouldn't be any sex, yes the new owners were someone she knew."

Then she got down to the "after party," on which he refused to comment. "You'll just have to trust me," was all he would tell her. 

Still somewhat in the dark, Tammy envisioned all sorts of scenarios to take place when the real party started. "How do we know who's invited?" she asked.

"Every one of the special invited guests will be wearing a pair of nipples clamps. Here are yours and I'll put mine on a little later," he answered, handing her a gold chain with an adjustable diamond clamp on each end. "Need any help?"

"Please. I've never worn any before."

"Let's shower first and then we'll get ready." 

As the warm water cascaded over them, their passions rose again. Fondling his dick and balls as she washed them, Tammy said seductively, "Sure you don't want a quickie?"

"More than you know, but, I want you to be absolutely on fire when we get started," he said, massaging her ass and slipping a finger in just to tease.

"Oh, fuck, I hope someone wants to fuck me in the ass. I haven't had it back there in a month."

"I can almost guarantee it, my Dear. Just be patient."

At the appointed hour, they walked leisurely to the house next door, and were delighted to see Steve and Juana, as well as Susan on the front veranda. Laani, a woman who looked amazingly like her, and a very well-built, tanned young man were welcoming guests. 

Laani hugged Tammy and her lover and thanked them for coming. She then introduced the woman standing next to her as her Mother, Meka, and the young man as her boyfriend, Ki.

Leaning in to Tammy's ear she whispered, "His name has 17 letters and nine syllables. His dick is just as long!"

Entering the house, they were swept away on a decorating theme that literally felt like an island. Flowers, a waterfall, sheer curtains wafting in the breeze-all contributed to the ambience of the décor. Guests were enjoying a variety of exotic food and drink, as they took leisurely strolls throughout the house and onto the spacious rear deck, which fronted the ocean.

Leaning over the rail, Tammy asked here lover if they would be allowed to utilize the beach sans clothes.

"Absolutely, Darling. I own five miles of this beach, and like the houses, there are no clothing rules. In fact, I'm negotiating with the city for an additional two miles to be utilized by the paying public as a clothing optional beach, with half the income going to the town, and half applied to the cost. With your organizational skills, I might be able to finagle a job for you if you're interested," he replied, stroking her ass through the wispy dress.

"You keep that up and we'll have to break in this deck!" she laughed, kissing him deeply.

A tall, voluptuous blonde in a curve-hugging strapless dress, cleared her throat, and said, "I hate to interrupt, but all the guests are asked to come inside. By the way, I'm Constance. I'm Susan's - um- partner. I see you're both invited to the 'after party.'"

Tammy instinctively felt her nipples, as Constance gave her a sly smile. "Wish I could be a fly on the wall," she said, giving them a saucy wink and returning to the house.

As they entered the living room, Laani and her mother stepped onto a raised platform, dressed in short grass skirts and barely there bikini tops. Meka's full tits threatened to spill out the sides of the straining flimsy fabric, and their skirts were short enough that the audience on the floor were treated to occasional glimpses of upper thighs.

Meka, in a slightly accented voice, told them, "This dance has been performed by our people for centuries. It invokes the blessings of the Supreme Being for health, happiness, and prosperity. No new home is utilized until this ceremony is performed. We hope you enjoy the show. Afterwards, we hope you will enjoy the food we have prepared and are safe on your way home. Thank you for sharing this day with Laani and I."

The music wafted throughout the house and Laani and Meka each swayed their hips, telling a story with their hands. Ki performed a running narrative to keep the audience aware of the legends and the significance of the two beautiful dancers' movements.

When they had finished, the group moved onto the deck for a modified luau. Servers from the restaurant attended to every guest's needs. Laani and Meka circulated among the friends, accepting gifts and well-wishes. Finally, couples started leaving, and Tammy began to pay attention to those wearing nipples clamps. She and her lover, of course, Steve, Juana, Ki, and Susan. A little disappointed, Tammy noticed that Constance was absent from the remaining group.

They assembled in the spacious living area and Meka welcomed them as special friends who had been invited to complete the ritual of the housewarming. This part was a fertility ceremony to ensure the procreation of the species. Assuming her role as director of activities, she began with a beautiful song, delivered in a native tongue, and punctuated by suggestive body movements and deep emotion. A beautiful flask was passed around and each participant sipped the nectar. Tammy immediately felt her loins heat up and noticed that Juana was beginning to squirm in her seat. She also noticed Ki sliding his hand down the front of his shorts.
