 I was tired and worn out from a month of traveling. I'm a contract engineer and a very successful one but that comes at a price. I am never home. I move from job to job, contract to contract and there is always travel involved. I shouldn't complain because the money is good, very good. But the down side is that I am single and destined to remain so. I've had many girlfriends but after a few months they move on because I'm never around. I could try and find employment that was stable and more conducive to a home life but the truth is, I wouldn't last six months. I need the variety and change that my work gives me so I've come to accept my solitude. I've also come to realize that I want and need variety in my sex life as well. I've stopped looking for the perfect woman that would make me want to change what I do and settle down. This makes for a sporadic and at times unfulfilling sex life but every so often there is one very memorable experience that makes up for the many lonely nights where masturbation was my only release.

I must admit that I like to masturbate. Despite my long hours and constant travel I always have time for a good session of self-pleasure. I love the feel of my hand wrapped around my smooth hard cock. I keep my cock and balls completely shaved and free of hair. Sometimes I will stimulate my ass as I jack off by slipping in a vibrating butt plug. To top it off I will cover my cock with a pair of sexy panties and use them to catch the cum as my cock explodes. It was after one of these sessions that I ended up having a fantasy come true. I was on the road as usual and had been staying at a very nice hotel for about a week. That morning I was running a little late but I needed to start my day right with a fresh shave and a good stroke. I stood in the shower and lathered my cock and balls in shaving cream. Using a new razor I made myself as smooth as a young boy and as it always does, my cock grew hard and long. 

Sometimes I'll finish myself off in the shower but on that day I wanted the feel of panties on my cock. I lay down on my bed and slipped on a pair of panties so they covered me completely. I then began to caress my balls and rub my cock through the material. The sensation was pure bliss. These panties were from one of my old girlfriends. She left them on my pillow one day when I was away on a road trip, with a note that said she was leaving but wanted me to remember her. As I stroked my cock she was sucking on it in my mind. She loved to suck cock. When we made love we always started with oral. We only fucked after each of us had cum in the other's mouth. I soon felt my balls begin to tighten so I took the panties and wrapped them around my cock and when I came I filled the panties with hot sticky cum. After I just lay there and slowly recovered. I then realized that I would miss my meeting if I didn't leave immediately. I tossed the panties on the bed, dressed quickly and headed out the door.

I was gone all day and didn't return to the hotel until after supper. As soon as I entered the room I noticed that the bed was freshly made and then I noticed the panties on the pillow. The cum filled panties were neatly folded on the pillow but beside them were a pair of yellow bikini panties and a note that said 'I like your taste in panties and I like the taste of your cum. Can you leave me some for tomorrow?' I picked up the yellow panties and held them to my nose to breathe in the heavenly scent of wet pussy that filled the cotton-lined crotch. I was instantly hard and I wanted to jack off right away. I wanted to soak her panties with my cum but I restrained myself because I wanted them to be wet and sticky in the morning. I wanted her to know that a short time before I was using her panties to masturbate and that the cum was for her. I stripped off and put on the panties. The feel of her panties on my cock kept me hard all evening and it took a lot of effort but I managed to resist the urge to jack off. I finally fell asleep but never really rested and when the alarm went off at 6:30 I was already awake.

I made coffee and watched the news, naked except for the yellow bikini panties. I looked at myself in the mirror and wondered if I was crazy to want to do this. The answer was yes but my cock began to respond as if it knew my desire needed to be fulfilled. I watched myself as I started to stroke my cock. I was my own voyeur. Soon though I moved to the bed so I could relax and enjoy the moment. I took off the panties and placed them over my hard and swollen dick. As I masturbated I watched the panties lift and fall to the stroke of my hand. I closed my eyes and pictured a woman watching me masturbate with her panties. I wanted her to be there. I wanted hear her voice telling me to cum. I felt the familiar itch start deep in my balls and I knew that soon I would do as she asked and fill her panties with cum. My dick grew rigid and then the first jet of hot cum shot out and I bunched the panties around the head of my cock to catch every drop. I was so exhausted that I almost fell asleep but I couldn't linger, I had a busy day ahead. 

I had a hard time concentrating on my work and it must have been obvious because the senior engineer asked me if everything was ok. I replied that I was just a little tired but that I planned an early night. He took pity on me and much to my surprise he insisted on taking me out for a beer. I had to be polite and accept but all I really wanted to do is go back to the hotel and see if there was a fresh pair of panties waiting for me. After a few beers and much shop talk I was able to make excuses that I was tired and needed to call it a night. I hailed a cab and headed back to my hotel. I actually ran from the cab to the elevator before I realized what I was doing. When I got to my room I stood outside the door to brace myself for disappointment. Opening the door I stepped inside and immediately look to the bed to see what was there. I wasn't disappointed. On the bed was another pair of panties, a digital camera and a note. 'You've been a good boy and I really liked your gift. To show my appreciation I took some pictures of me enjoying the present you left. I was very wet today but you can tell that from the fresh panties on your bed. We can continue our little game but only if you agree not to try and contact me. You will leave the room in the morning and only return at the end of the day. If I suspect that you are watching for me then its over. If you agree, take at least 10 pictures of your cock and fill my panties with cum. If I like what I see then I will contact you.'

I was more excited than I had ever been in my life. I took the camera and turned it over to so I could see the small viewing window. I wanted to have a look at the woman who left me her panties. None of the pictures showed her face but from what I could see she was late 30's, blond, about 5'7", slim but not skinny and most important she was shaved. The pictures started with her fully dressed in her hotel uniform. As I scanned through the pictures she removed her uniform to reveal a pink panty and bra outfit. The panties were the same as the ones on my bed. I also noticed that the pictures were taken in my room that morning. There were close ups of her panty covered pussy and ones of her playing with her lovely shaved pussy lips. Suddenly it struck me that there was some else in the room taking the pictures because I could see both of her hands rubbing her now very wet cunny. After viewing the photos I was anxious to make good use of her panties and to follow her instructions. I almost tore off my clothes in my haste to start taking some pictures of my cock. The aroma from her panties was over powering.

I didn't have enough hands to do all the things that I wanted to do at the same time. I held the soft pink panties to my nose and pictured in my mind that my face was buried between her open thighs. With my other hand I was stroking my hard and engorged penis. I needed another pair of hands to take some pictures. Although I didn't want to stop, I had to or I'd cum too soon and not have taken a single photo. Putting on the pink panties I took the camera and tried a couple of test pictures. It took a bit of coordination before I was happy with the quality and then I planned the sequence for the shots. I wanted to start with me wearing the panties then removing them to expose my cock and finally jacking off and cumming on the panties themselves. I found the auto timer and set the camera so I could lie on the bed. 

I did a mix of close and far shots and but the timer was useless to try and catch the exact moment when I would shoot my load into the pair of panties. I picked up the camera and held it in one hand as I masturbated with the other I kept the panties on so that I could have them in the picture. I loved what I was doing. It was something that was new and very exciting and I wanted to express that in the photos I was taking. As my orgasm built I knew I would soon loose control and cum whether I wanted to or not. Of course I wanted to cum. I wanted this orgasm to be the best ever and I wanted to share it with my mystery woman. My cock began to swell and the first spurt of white gold landed on my chest. I wasn't quick enough to get a picture but as I snapped the shutter the second load of sticky cum flowed from the small slit at the head of my cock. It was a perfect shot. The camera caught the gob of cum as it left my dick and landed on the front of the pink panties I was still wearing. I took a few post orgasm shots after my dick went soft that showed it laying in a small puddle of sperm. 

I lay there for quite some time and I could feel the cum start to run down between my legs and around my balls. Carefully, I removed the panties and wiped myself clean. The panties were soaked in cum and I wrapped them in a plastic bag to try and keep them moist for the next day. When I looked at the clock I discovered that it was nearly midnight. I'd been so engrossed in what I was doing that didn't realize four hours had passed by in what seemed like ten minutes. I got myself organized and then went to bed a very content man.

The next morning I carefully placed the camera and panties on the bed and left for work as usual. It should be fairly obvious that my mind was elsewhere and my boss commented that I looked tired and perhaps I needed a break from work. I assured him that I was fine but that I may knock off early as it was Friday and I could get a head start on the weekend. I made up some excuse about going out of town for the weekend and he told me to head out at noon. I didn't want to argue so I thanked him and at noon I went to a nice pub for lunch. It was too early to return to the hotel so I did a little shopping and stopped in a bar for a mid afternoon beer. Finally at about four o'clock I went back to the hotel and headed to my room. I didn't know what to expect but I hopped that there would be at least another pair of panties for me to enjoy. 

The room was neat and tidy but no little gift on the bed. I was disappointed until I saw a noted on the table. 'My husband and I loved your pictures. He came with me this morning and we looked at them together. He's a panty lover like you and loves to see other guys wearing panties. So, here's the deal. If you want to play with us call this number and leave a message. We will call you back and tell you where to meet us. If everyone is comfortable and gets along with one another we will then go back to your room and have some panty fun. You need to know that we are both bi so my husband will want to do more than just watch. Call us.' There was a number and I immediately called and left a message that I wanted to meet them and the sooner the better.

I had no idea how long it would be before they would call back. It may be an hour it may be a day or not at all. I had no idea what to do. I didn't want to go out and miss there call but it was getting close to supper time and I had had my fill of room service. As I was considering my options the phone rang. Picking it up I said hello.

"Hello, I was hoping that you would call. The last few days have been very exciting and I think we can have a very good time if you would like to get together."

"I want to very much", I replied. "I have never done anything like this before but I can't wait to meet you."

"I left you something to wear in your dresser. Put it on and meet us at the steak house next to the hotel. We're already there and I know what you look like so I'll spot you when you arrive. Don't take too long we're both hungry and horny."

"I'll be there in twenty minutes."

She said good bye and hung up. I rushed through the shower and then went to see what she wanted me to wear. I opened the dresser drawer and there were a pair of pale blue panties. I wondered if they were scented so I held them up to my face. Sure enough they had a deep rich aroma of womanhood and I smiled as I put them on. I finished dressing and departed for the restaurant. Being a Friday night it was busy but almost as soon as I stepped through the door there was a blond woman at my side guiding me to an intimate booth in the back. She didn't say a word until we reached the booth.

"I'm Liz and this is my husband Bill. I know your last name but I don't know your first."

"I'm Adam", I said. "It's a pleasure to meet you."

Liz wanted me to sit down first and then she sat beside me and Bill was on my other side. We made small talk while we waited for drinks and our meal. No one mentioned the reason we were all there but as if reading my mind, Liz placed her hand on my crotch and gave my cock a squeeze. 

"Are you wearing the panties I left for you?"

"Yes, I love them." I replied. "Were they the ones you wore today?" Liz nodded and started to massage my balls as we sat there.

"Do you think that you could show me what they look like on you?" she asked. I agreed and as carefully as I could I undid my belt and opened my pants so she could see my panty covered cock. Liz looked down and then she put her hand inside my pants to grab my cock.

Looking at Bill she said "His cock looks even better than in the pictures." Bill was watching his wife as she stroked my cock through the thong. "Touch it Bill. See if you agree."

Liz took her hand away and Bill took over. I have never had a guy touch my cock before but Bill's hand was gentle and he knew exactly what to do. He stopped as the waiter approached with our orders but Liz wanted me to keep my pants open as we ate. She said that she liked looking at my panties. Every so often she or Bill would reach down for a feel and taking their lead I slipped my hand under Liz's skirt to caress her pussy through her panties. She was very wet and I reached inside to feel the smooth folds of her sex. By the time dinner was over all we wanted to do was return to my room and have some fun. Liz gave me a long lingering kiss and a final grope before we made our exit. 

It only took a couple of minutes to reach my room. Liz went straight to the small bar fridge and took out a bottle of wine. "I put this in here earlier today just in case."

She handed it to Bill who poured us each a glass. Meanwhile Liz began to take control. She removed her top and unzipped her skirt letting it fall to the floor. Stepping out of it she was left in her matching lace bra, panties, garter and light colored stockings. Bill went over to the bed and sat on the edge sipping his drink. He had kicked off his shoes but that was all. Liz sat beside him and they began to kiss and fondle each other. I couldn't take my eyes off them and I started to undress. Liz stopped me and told me to stand in front of them and that they would finish undressing me. Liz reached forward and undid my belt and Bill opened my pants and pulled the zipper down. Then Liz got on her knees and pulled my pants down to my ankles and helped me extract my feet. As I lifted each foot she pulled the pant leg off and then removed the sock. Bill stood up and removed my shirt and sat back down. I felt rather foolish letting them undress me but I could tell that they really enjoyed doing it. Liz ran her hands up my legs and over my ass which was still covered by her panties. She reached inside, held me by the cheeks of my ass and pulled me toward her. My cock was pressed against her face. Liz opened her mouth and sucked on my balls through the blue panties. She took the material in her teeth and pulled the panties aside until my balls were hanging free. 

"I love sucking on a guy's balls. When they're smooth like yours they feel so good in my mouth." She then took a testicle and sucked greedily on one and then the other. I held her head with my hands mainly to keep from falling but also to let her know how much I liked what she was doing. Bill was intently watching the show but didn't make any attempt to join in or undress himself. After a few minutes of intense sucking, Liz stopped and tucked my balls back inside my panties. She then turned to Bill and had him stand up so she could take off his pants. I went over and helped Bill out of his shirt and then took his place sitting on the bed. 

Bill was wearing a beige thong, garter and stockings. Immediately I noticed that he was completely shaved below the waist. I had no idea that he was wearing nylons until Liz removed his pants. After the initial shock of seeing a guy in a garter I thought that they looked natural. The fact that he was shaved added to the charm. Liz was doing to Bill what she had done to me and was attentively sucking on his smooth love sack. Bill had an average sized cock but it was nice and thick. The head was dark, almost purple and several veins stood out along the sides. You could tell that he was really enjoying Liz's sucking. It looked like that alone might bring him to orgasm but Liz knew her man and knew when to stop.

"It's my turn" she said and lay down on her stomach on the bed. Bill started to caress the luscious globes of her ass and then he began to lick and suck on each ass cheek. He parted her sweet backside and tongued her small brown anus. Liz was moaning as Bill lovingly lapped at her back door and I was casually stroking my throbbing dick. Liz turned to look at me and smiled. She motioned for me to come closer and when I was within reach she pulled my cock into her mouth. Liz continued to moan loudly as Bill probed her dark tunnel and this caused a humming sensation around my cock. I didn't think that I could keep from cumming if she kept this up and I told her so. None the less she was merciless and my shaft soon had the familiar feeling of an eminent orgasm taking hold. I started to move my hips back and forth until I was fucking Liz's mouth. Bill's the analingus expert had his face buried in Liz's curved posterior and was giving Liz the ultimate rim job. 

All of a sudden I was cumming full force but Liz kept my pulsating cock between her lips and swallowed every drop. I could tell that Liz was going to orgasm any second from the combination of my cum and Bill's tongue. Her eyes were closed and she was whimpering uncontrollably. She forced her ass up into Bill's face as if she wanted his whole head up her back door. Bill had placed his thumb inside Liz's pussy and was manipulating her clit from the inside while his other fingers pressed against her from the outside. Liz cried out as her orgasm consumed her. Bill moved his mouth to her cunt to drink in the flood of liquid that poured from her womb. He held her firm until the flow became a trickle and then gave her behind one last tender kiss. He lay beside her and held her close. I sat on the bed and caressed her shoulders and back.

After a few minutes Liz sat up said, "Well that was one of the best ever. Now Adam you and I are going to make sure that Bill gets some attention." Turning to Bill she asked "What can we do to make you happy?"
