 "Are you hitting on me?" He asked, his newly-poured beer spilling over the rim of his glass.

"Well, I guess in a way, I am." I laughed, thinking how silly this all was. "But I'm hitting on you on behalf of my wife. You know, she is really into you." If only he knew how much she was into him! We had been fantasizing about the three of us in bed together for weeks, and nothing got her off as much as when I whispered into her ear about all the ways we were going to fill her up. You see, my wife and I are very sexual people. We enjoy having sex, talking about sex, thinking about sex, and bringing other people into our bedroom for those same activities. Ever since this new guy started at her store, she had been telling me how she thought he was handsome and cute and all that stuff girls talk about when they have a crush on a guy, and it wasn't long before he became an object of sexualization in our fantasy world.

Now was different, though. Now was real. We had never invited another person we knew from real life to our bed before, and we were both cautious as to how it might turn out. Eventually we decided the next time we went to hang out with him, I would introduce the idea that she was into him, and that we were into whatever might come of that. He finally laughed too. "I had no idea that you guys were... like that."

I must've sat waiting for his reply a little too curiously because he hastily added, "Not that that's a bad thing. Or that I'm against it. Or... for it? I don't know. I..."

He began to stammer on, so I interrupted him. "Don't worry about it. I'm just letting you know the way we are, so you can feel free to act accordingly, as you see fit." I toasted him and went back to drink with my wife. She nervously giggled and asked how it went and I said that we'd see. He was a little distant for the rest of the hangout, understandably, so we left it as it was for then.

The next time they worked together, my wife came home to tell me how much he had been flirting with her, and how much she had been flirting back. It was so hot we ended up having sex right afterward. A couple days later, the same story, except apparently he had actually smacked her ass at one point! Seemed to me like he wasn't being very indecisive anymore.

Eventually they set up a date, just between the two of them. Three excruciating hours later she got home and let me eat out her soaking wet pussy. In between moans, she told me how he had copped a feel at one point, so she moved his hand down into her pants. He just teased her clit a little bit, nothing at all like the tongue-lashing I was giving it, but it had gotten her so turned on she almost came right there. Instead she came with my tongue twirling around her sticky hole and her hand pressed against the back of my head.

Finally we set up the date. The Date. The plan was that he was going to come over for drinks, and that we would let whatever happened happen. The sex my wife and I had the night before obviously implied we both heavily hoped he would join us for a mind-blowing experience in the bedroom. When he finally got there, he was clearly a little nervous. Hell, I'll admit that I was a little nervous too, but those anxious, excited sort of nerves you get when you're slowly being dragged up the roller coaster on that loud chain, knowing that soon the noise will end and the thrill will begin.

We have some beers, and some weed (though he says he doesn't usually smoke but this time he will because I guess when you're getting ready to have group sex for the first time why the fuck wouldn't you smoke some weed too), and we all start to feel a little looser and more comfortable together. My wife sits between us on the couch and slowly runs her hands over both of our bodies, while we each do the same to her with one of our hands. The tension slowly builds as the orgy of finger-on-clothes moves to a more rapid pace. Fingers which first ran along now begin to grab and pull at the fabric in frustration, and it's not long before the minds behind the fingers begin to understand.

I take her shirt off first. I'm not shy, and I know it's easier for her when I start things. She also loves showing off her sexy body, and I see her initial blush of embarrassment turn into a flush of excitement as she looks into his eyes and bites her lip. She pulls off his shirt while I take off my own. She turns around to take my shirt off to see it already on the floor, and she laughs. "Hey!" She hits me playfully, so I grab her hand and pull her in for a deep, passionate kiss. I hear the pop of her bra being undone and feel his hands reach around her body and grab at her huge tits under the now-useless bra.

She bites my lip and moans as he wrestles with her breasts, and I help her remove the rest of her bra completely. I watch for a while as he kisses up her back and neck while fondling her, and her sighs and moans of appreciation manage to make me even harder. I get down to the floor and take my wife's pants off and am greeted by the sexiest naked woman I have ever seen. She never wears panties, so I'm free to spread her legs with the ease given from countless displays of sexual control and bury my face in her wet snatch.

This time her moans are caught up into his kiss, and even though he's still fully clothed she's managed to pull his cock out of his pants and is already stroking it. I keep eating her out, savoring her scent and flavor, and especially her animalistic noises that were slowly approaching a breaking point. Her thighs squeezed around my head and I saw her neck plunge into his lap right before she shook with orgasm. There's nothing my wife likes more than to cum with a cock down her throat. She's just perfect that way. I could tell from the wet sucking noises, and his first loud moan, that she wasn't stopping just because she had just cum, so I followed suit and kept lapping away at her.

She grunted and gasped, pushing me away and sitting up. "I shouldn't be greedy," her voice dripped with raw sexuality. "I should let you both fuck my mouth." My wife sank to her knees, taking down my pants and expertly sliding my hard cock into her mouth with one motion. I gasped and hastily took off my shirt. A moment later, he was standing next to me, just as naked and just as erect, and within convenient cocksucking distance for my wife, which was the important part. She noticed and swiftly moved her mouth to his shaft, taking it deep down to where I had just been a moment before.

She was clearly enjoying herself as she swapped her mouth between our cocks, holding each in one hand and slowly stroking them both all the time. Occasionally she would deepthroat one of us, then gag and have to take a breather while she stroked us faster with her hands and stared into our lustful eyes with her big wet ones surrounded by her already-smearing makeup. After one such breath, she looked at us both, smirked, and pulled us closer together and closer to her by our cocks. Without giving us much time to think, she grabbed our cocks together with one hand and began taking them both into her mouth at once.

The sensation was phenomenal. Normally my wife's blowjobs are amazing as it was, but this extra sensation, and the guttural sounds of pure ecstasy I heard coming from my pretty little wife, both pushed it into another dimension. He clearly felt it too, as he grabbed the back of my wife's head and grunted pleadingly. She looked up at him and he managed to pant out, "I'm gonna... cum..." In response, my wife locked eyes with him and took both of our cocks down her throat as far as she could.

I could feel him coming against my cock, which was a sensation all its own, and I could feel the heat and wet of his cum as it pumped into my wife's mouth. The whole thing was more than enough to send me over the edge, and I quickly joined him. She had to spit our cocks out after we filled her mouth with our semen, and cum spilled all over her chin, neck, and tits when we violently pulled out. I saw a look of unimagined bliss on her face as she swallowed our combined load.

After all the heat died down a little bit, we all looked at each other. "Oh my god," said my wife. "That was so fucking hot!" We both agreed with her. The three of us agreed we would definitely need to get together again for something a little more, as my wife put it, "fucky." As it was, he had to go, and I spent the rest of the night trying to make my wife cum enough to douse her libido.

P.S.: It didn't work.