 Shaun has just spent a memorable night with Cam, a divorced former employee. She's a good friend of another former employee of his, Sherri, who's now married, with whom he had a long, steamy relationship three years before. All three have an addiction to sex. It helps a lot to have read chapters 01-03. Please vote and send feedback. 

Time: The Next Morning 

I was shaving, using a razor borrowed from Cam, and staring at myself in her bathroom mirror. She was in the shower, humming happily to herself as she washed the previous night's sexual gunk from her body. "What's that you said?" I asked, unable to hear her soft voice over the noise of the shower.

"I said, 'I'm so glad I found you when I did'," she fairly shouted.

"Downstairs from the bank in the bar? I thought we met by accident," I responded, honestly.

"I've got a confession to make," she said, shutting off the water and emerging from the shower dripping wet. "A while back I did some detective work and spoke with someone in your office. They told me where I might be able to find you." Cam wrapped a towel around herself and kissed me lightly as she withdrew something from her medicine cabinet. It was a pill in one of those drug sample envelopes with advertising on the outside, marked "Plan B." She popped the capsule and washed it down with water as I climbed into the shower.

"It's good to see you taking extra precautions," I said, referring to the "morning after" drug she'd just taken. She said something in response that I didn't hear because I'd turned on the water, but I decided to wait 'til I was finished cleaning up to continue our conversation. 

"Did you hear me say 'I'm ovulating'," she said as I exited the shower, her gray eyes unbelievably round and innocent. "Marsha suggested I get the pill. She's my therapist…my sex therapist."

That aspect of Cam's life – her friendship with Marsha – became instantly clear. "In that case, I'm delighted that you're taking that pill. We could have waited, you know."

"I couldn't," she said quietly, fastening a gold chain behind her neck so that the nipples on her naked tits pointed skyward. It was all I could do to refrain from bending down and suckling them. "I'll start birth control pills on Monday, but…it was critical that we make love this weekend." 

"Because your daughter, Amy, was spending the weekend with ex-hubby Darryl?" I asked, drying myself fully.

"Partly. But mostly it's because of Sherri," she admitted.

"Why? She's been married for three years and is 500 miles away!"

"Yeah, but…oh, Shaun…it's just that…don't you see?" she babbled. 

"See what?" I was getting perturbed at Cam's sudden inability to speak her mind.

"Well…Sherri's marriage is a mess. Her husband's a brute…a real control freak. He doesn't want any kids, something she's always wanted. And he forces her into – I don't know how to say this – he forces her to entertain his business acquaintances…physically. We've been in constant touch since you left the bank…she flies up every couple of weeks and we…well Shaun, I'm the only friend she has!" Cam gripped the edge of the wash basin counter, hung her head and began searching for words.

"But she fucked your former husband!" I exclaimed. And then the whole thing hit me. She'd previously admitted to sharing a bed with Darryl and "one woman." It had been Sherri! I realized. "Wait! You two are…uuh…you're…".

"Yes!" she said, snapping her head upright and staring at me with moist eyes. "We're bisexual…and we're lovers!" she said tearfully. "Darryl eventually hurt her almost as much as he did me, and now she's in another thankless marriage! We're both desperate to hook up with a caring man. That's why I finally arranged to see you again! Only this time I'm gonna get some of the big prize!"

"I'm no prize, Cam," I said, admitting the self-contemptuous rationale that underlay my sexual obsessions. I stopped short of telling her about my sexual addiction. 

"Well, you are to me!" she said, embracing me with her nude body. "I've dreamt about you for years while Sherri's been asking about you. She's flying up in a week and wants to see you. That's why I wanted us to…to get together before she…she saw you again."

I ran a hand over Cam's gorgeous butt, up her back to her face and kissed her softly. "Even at the risk of getting pregnant?" I asked, as my other hand stroked her lower belly. 

"At least now I know you don't think I'm too fat," she said, relieved. This woman had truly suffered from the cruel barbs of her ex's remarks…so much that she couldn't view herself objectively as the amazingly attractive woman she was. I wondered the extent to which her poor self-image had driven her into a physical relationship with Sherri.

"You're much too submissive, Cam," I said, ignoring her more obvious strengths.

"You're right, Shaun…sexually, anyway. But I like it so much…like I'm a slave to my appetites or something…a nympho. And watching people screw drives me wild! That's why I want you as my lover…you're assertive yet stable…and at the same time you're tolerant of my foibles. Oh, don't look so worried. It doesn't mean I want to get married. I let runaway sex ruin a marriage once before. I just want you to be a good friend to me and my little daughter and I'll do whatever you want me to do. Okay?" she asked, like a little girl, as her soft hand dropped to stroke my cock while she stood on tiptoe to kiss me.

Whatever I want, I thought, her words echoing in my ears as I drew her lush form against me. A devilish voice in my brain told me that I wasn't the person Cam thought me to be, nor was I a man to whom to grant such license. 

* * * * * *

I was ambivalent about seeing Sherri. As things had turned out, any pleasantries between us would be phony, I thought. Particularly given her closeness to Cam, I thought it best to keep my distance. So, when she flew up from San Diego with tickets to the Friday seasonal opening of the opera, I urged them to have a girls-night-out for the formal affair. It would give them a chance to dress up and rub elbows with the upper crust in the city and discuss me between themselves in my absence. It would also give me a chance to spend a weekend home alone, though I planned to see Cam on Sunday after Sherri's flight back to San Diego. Ultimately, I was afraid that I'd go sexually crazy with Sherri around. 

I dropped Cam at her place after work so she could make weekend preparations for her nanny to stay. Then I drove home and cooked a bachelor dinner for myself, relaxed with a book, some music, and a tall glass of scotch. At about 11 p.m. I broke out the videos I'd taken of a new client's data processing facility that I'd shot with my video camera. In a minute the phone rang. It was Sherri's low, sensuous voice.

"Well, hello there, Shaun. It's Sherri. How've you been?"

"Okay," I said rather coldly, trying to cover my excitement. "Where's Cam?

"She's off to the ladies room. The opera's over and…it's still kinda early. We were wondering if you were up to receiving guests," she asked. 

"Probably not a good idea, Sherri. Why reopen old wounds?" 

"I'm really sorry for the way I acted – what was it – three years ago? Cam's told me I was wrong…Gawd, she's talked about you all night! So much has changed!" She sounded sincere, I thought, and my defenses – such as they were with this captivating woman – were weakening.

"Well, lemme speak with Cam and if it's all right with her, it's…it's okay by me," I said.

I heard Cam's voice and soon she was on the other end, sounding very cheery. "Hi, babe," she giggled. "'S'cuse me, we've had a bit of champagne an' I'm a li'l tipsy. Uuh…could we come over? I promise we'll be good."

"You know how I feel about it, sweetheart. You're the one I'm concerned about. D'you understand?" I asked, hoping she realized why I was hesitant.

"Of course!" she gushed, a bit drunkenly. "Okay, we'll cab home, check on Amy an' the nanny, an' Sherri'll drive us over in her rental car. See you in maybe half-an-hour! Bye darlin'!"

I hung up and went to the kitchen to chill some white wine and set up the bar, figuring the ladies would be thirsty.

My heart was beating fast when the doorbell rang. I didn't know what to expect from the two of them, since I hadn't seen them together in so long. Before I opened the door the knocker sounded, indicating that they were impatient to come in. When I did Cam burst inside and threw herself into my arms, giving me a wet, sloppy kiss. "Your porch light is out, silly!" she laughed, and staggered slightly to one side. I removed her wrap leaving her looking stunning in her black evening dress. It was cut low on her bosom and in back, showed an expanse of creamy cleavage, and had two broad straps that suspended it from her outer shoulders. Skin-tight above the waist, it flared into a long skirt below and was slit from the beltline to her calves. What prevented her crotch from being shown to the world was a large, black button above the knee that served as a closure, with the long slit up one thigh showing a delicious expanse of leg. Diamond jewelry decorated her bare neck, one wrist and earlobes, as well as a couple of fingers. My groin fairly ached for her as I wondered whether she was wearing anything under her frock other than her nylons. 

Then Sherri stepped inside and stood in the light. Three years – and the southern California sun – had been very kind to her. She'd changed her hair color to an auburn color with blond and copper streaks that brought out her dark brown eyes and a deep, dark suntan. She also seemed taller than I remembered – a couple of inches shorter than me – but at the moment I was wearing no-heeled boat shoes so I could just be imagining it. What was entirely real was her curvy, coltish body, wrapped from neck to toe in a bright green, narrowly-pleated, silk dress that clung to every protuberance and niche of her frame. Had she worn nipple rings I could have seen them through the shiny material, so tightly-wrapped was she. Closing the door behind her, and letting her large flight bag slip to the floor, she unbuttoned the short jacket that matched her dress and turned to let me take it from her. As I pulled the jacket from her shoulders, her naked back came into view, from under her hair downward until the expanse of tanned flesh ended just above her butt crack. I turned to hang her garment and that of Cam in the guest closet and she picked up her bag and walked slowly up the half-flight of stairs to the living room on four-inch, dark-green stiletto heels. Her curvaceous legs, covered with tan thigh-high nylons, parted the front of her skirt with each step, drawing my eyes like a magnet. In all honesty, I realized that had the dress not been slit nearly to the waist, it was so tight that she would have found it impossible to walk. 

The ladies sat on two high barstools while I prepared drinks, with Cam chattering away about the people they'd seen at the opera. Half a drink later she went to the restroom, leaving Sherri and me to converse…stiffly. I found it difficult to look her in the eye for several reasons, not the least of which was that a foot was resting on the upper rung of the stool, showing her long, tanned, crossed legs. "Cam's in love with you, you know," she said. 

"Come on, Sherri, be serious. We only got together a little over a week ago."

"Listen to me, Shaun, I've known her for almost a decade. She's talked about getting in touch with you for the last two or more years, but just hasn't had the courage to call. She's been giggling like a school girl all night and couldn't stop. I'm not blind."

"Why the sudden interest in Cam's welfare? You and I were a pretty hot item when we were at the bank, then you started fucking her husband, Darryl. Why the overnight change?"

"But I never changed the way I felt about you…". Then she stopped as Cam re-entered the room and sat next to her on a stool. 

Cam sensed that she'd interrupted something and crossed her own scrumptious legs. Sherri unconsciously put her hand on Cam's thigh and discovered she was touching her creamy skin. "Oh! you've taken off your stockings," she whispered, withdrawing her hand. Cam looked at me and reached over to grasp Sherri's hand and put it back on her thigh, holding it there with her own. Then, without a word she picked up her drink and drained it, looking at me through the ice cubes at the bottom. It's as if she were drunkenly challenging me to do something about it.

"What's going on, Cam?" I asked quietly, as Sherri took her turn to go to the bathroom. 

"Just checking to see how possessive you are," she said, grabbing me across the bar by the hand and walking me around to stand in front of her as she perched on the stool. "An' you're so cute, Mr. Bartender," she cooed, lapsing into her little girl lilt. "C'mere an' gimme a li'l kiss," she mewled, as she parted her legs to allow me to step between them. As we embraced, she stood on the two lower rungs of the stool and rose in a half-stance. My hands were all over her, drawing moans from her throat as her tongue danced inside my mouth. Suddenly the large button on her skirt was undone and my fingers were groping at her hot, moist pussy, causing her to hunch at me with her legs spread. She'd divested herself of her stockings while in the bathroom, as well as any underwear. 

"Knock-knock," Sherri said, on returning, after slipping something into her bag. I drew apart from Cam – with a visible bulge in my pants – and she said jokingly, "Goodness! I leave the room for a minute and you two are at each other like two teenagers!" I quickly retreated to the other side of the bar.

"Oh, puh-leeze, Sher, you've been as anxious to see him as I have…all evening," said Cam. "Make us another drink, Shaun, then join us out here. Don't be bashful. Jeezus, you and she used to practically live together!" 

I made the drinks, plus another scotch for myself, and I joined my beauteous guests on their side of the bar, standing behind them. I noticed that Sherri, herself, had slipped off her stockings, leaving her caramel legs showing nearly to her crotch – the same sexy color as her naked back. My libido shifted into second gear, responding to her expanse of flesh. As the two swung their stools around to face me I could swear that my nose detected the rich odor of feminine musk in the air.

"I was single then, Cam, and you were married," said Sherri.

"Yeah, look what marriage has done for both of us," said Cam, sarcastically. "And you've made a real habit of messing up, acting like a sleazy whore!" 

Cam's cruel remark struck Sherri like a thunderbolt. She started to speak, then hung her head slightly, seeming to deflate before our eyes. I spoke first, at the same time touching Sherri's tanned back in a comforting way. "Cammie didn't really mean it, Sher," I said, ineffectually, trying to defuse Cam's comment. At the same time, Cam reached out to stroke Sherri's thigh.

"It's not her fault. It's totally my own. You don't know the half of it. Gawd, I'm so unhappy, Shaun," Sherri lamented quietly. "It's like I'm living alone…on another planet."

"Gawd, I'm sorry, sweetie," Cam said, standing and hugging Sherri on her stool. "I'm drunk. Shaun…". She looked at me pleadingly, hoping I'd find something comforting to say or do. Both of us did. 

Standing behind Sherri, we made a sandwich of her, embracing her tenderly. My hands roamed freely over her back, from shoulders to tailbone, then around the sides to her breasts, causing a pleasurable moan. At the same time Cam's hands stroked her thighs, prompting her to open her legs to her friend. By the time my fingers had cupped her breasts, Cam and she were locked in a deep embrace which lasted several seconds. Sherri clutched Cam to her breasts with a quiet passion, her eyes tightly closed with a single tear coursing down one cheek. Then both of them issued a breathy moan and kissed, first with just a brush of the lips, then a deeper kiss, then a mouth-probing, hollow-cheeked, sucking. 

They broke their kisses finally and Cam clutched Sherri's upper body to her bosom and looked at me over her shoulder. It's all right, her eyes seemed to say, and I resumed stroking Sherri's muscular shoulders, upper back, then delved downward across her waist, and below her dress even to her sacral dimples and her sweaty butt crack. It was like navigating familiar territory as I pulled backward barely perceptibly on her hips, at this point miles distant from any objection from her. Indeed, her gasps and mewling encouraged me to lift her buttocks off the stool and pull her dress from under her and gather it around her waist, placing her shapely, naked bottom over the edge on my side of the stool. My hands groped at the hot smoothness of her sumptuous ass, causing her to groan as I traced two fingers underneath her, drawing fluid from her pussy and coating her rectum. Her breathing was now rasping, and coming in quick, wracking sounds. 

I wasted no time in dropping my pants and underwear as the familiar acidic taste of sex gathered in my throat. It had been over three years since Sherri and I had been together, and Cam's active presence made it doubly exciting. She whispered something to Sherri about her dress, causing her to pull her arms out of the three-quarter sleeves and nestle completely naked into Cam's caressing hands. 

"Fuck her, Shaun," murmured Cam, "she needs your lovin' as much as I do." With shaky hands I lodged the bloated knob of my dick inside Sherri's gooey vaginal opening and she jumped and cried out as if receiving an electric shock. She groaned as I drove deeply into her a few times, getting used to the incredible tightness of her pussy in this position, then she lay forward to grasp Cam's thighs for support…as if bracing for an onslaught that both women suspected might come. 

I looked down at the luscious piece of woman flesh in my hands – two perfect globes of tan female buttocks bisected by a thin white line created by a trendy southern California thong – and battled conflicting thoughts. The woman to whom I felt the closest in a long while, Cam, was staring at me within arms' length, across the naked back of her close friend and bisexual lover, with my cock deeply embedded in her cunt from behind. Both of them seemed to be waiting for me to proceed. Then my thoughts sped up. From my earliest memory of puberty I'd worshipped the female physique, and had spent most of my adult life seeking the ideal one. And right here, in my own house, I had two gorgeous examples…two top o' the line candidates. As I gripped Sherri's hips to gore her more rapidly, seeing the juicy product of our fucking emerge on my hefty root as I pulled out of her, I knew that – as a sexual addict – I'd probably never want anything more than I had right now. 

"Yesssss…yesssssss!" Sherri exhorted as I hammered at her, causing long, mournful moans. "Oh, Shaun…you always were…the best," she groaned as she bounced on and off the stool's seat with each of my forward plunges. Finally, as if knowing better than anyone else what her friend wanted, Cam stood in front of her and bent her forward, so that my strokes into Sherri were now very deep, with each lunge goring her cunt only to be stopped by her cervix. Soon she was nearly parallel to the floor, standing on the rungs of the stool with her fists clutching Cam's dress, which she'd wrenched open to expose the succulent shaven labia which I'd had the pleasure of knowing intimately for a week. 
