 Road Trip Journal: Journal VI

Shelby County Hideaway

It was hot, sticky, and just plain miserable. Just as the thought passed through her mind, the rental Savannah was driving gave its last hiccough. Pulling over to the side of the road she wasted a good five minutes cursing a blue streak, staring grimly at the continuing cloud of steam rising from somewhere in the vicinity of her radiator.

Of course, she would have to be in the middle of nowheresville. The last sign she'd passed had read Entering Shelby County. As if that meant anything to her. All she knew was her odometer was telling her she was at least 100 miles short of her destination. Resignedly, she climbed out and opened the trunk, pulling out a lightweight overnight bag. She also grabbed some bottles of water and a baseball cap. No point in dying out here.

Hitching her bag securely over one shoulder, she decided to continue in the direction she'd been headed....it would at least get her closer to her destination. It didn't appear as if anyone was crazy enough to be out in this heat; other than her self, of course. Thank god she was dressed coolly enough. And that she had the forethought to pack sneakers for the trip, otherwise her feet would have given out on her 100 ft. from the car.

Almost fifteen minutes into her hike and Savannah heard the distinct sound of a motor behind her. Turning, she raised her hand to brow to block out the sun, and spied the glare of chrome. The noise was getting louder now, the rumble beginning to shake through her soles. In amazement, she realized it was not one, but several vehicles approaching. And they weren't cars either, but motorcycles. Yikes!

Standing to one side as much as possible, she watched as they passed her one by one. It wasn't until nearly the whole procession had disappeared when one lone bike pulled off to the side and stopped by her. The man removed his helmet and grinned at her. A nice grin it was, but Savannah was in unfamiliar territory.

"Need a lift, sugar?"

His voice was deep and rough, and it raised the hairs on her arms in......excitement?

"Uhm, yeah, I do. Just to the next town, if you're going that far?" Her voice wobbled a bit, but she was happy she'd managed to get it out at all.

"I don't know about a town, but about another five miles down the road is a bar. You could call a tow truck from there, if you trust me to take you there, that is?"

His lopsided smirk dared her. Damn. A dare.

Raising her chin to the challenge, she walked over and awkwardly climbed on behind her rescuer, and firmly gripped him around the middle with her arms. Turning his head slightly to her, he merely introduced himself as Jim, and then he put the bike in motion. Her teeth rattled for the next five miles, which Jim seemed to find highly amusing; if you could assume such a thing by the way he was laughing when he got off. (The bike, I mean.)

With much trepidation, Savannah eyed the line of bikes in front of.......she peered up at the sign on the bar........The Shelby County Hideaway. But with no other option in front of her, Savannah allowed herself to be led inside, and hopefully, to a working pay phone.

With surprising courtesy Jim led her inside and guided her safely around the motley crew of bikers. A good portion was men, of course, but here and there she spied a few women. Her attention was caught by some bright red lettering on the back of one of the jackets one woman was wearing: Road Trippin' 'n Swingin'. Swingin'? Hmmm, maybe this wouldn't be such a bad place to pass the time, she thought to herself. She perched her self on a stool after ordering a nice, ice cold beer.

She smiled at her wonderful rescuer, Jim, as he made his way back to her. Yes, perhaps not so bad after all.

He sat down on the stool next to her, angling his rangy form so that their knees bumped together. Her heart skipped a beat and she felt the hairs on the back of her neck raise with excitement. The bartender plunked her drink in front of her; her vague "thank you" earned her a grunt of acknowledgement.

"So, darlin", where ya' headed?"

At first the question did not register, her gaze snagged on the way the jeans he wore stretched appealingly at his fly.

"Uhm, oh, a business convention." Her eyes were drawn to the growing bulge in his lap. Her tongue flicked out briefly to wet her lips. Glancing quickly upward, she spied his wicked grin. He knew that she'd been staring! 

Hastily she took a drink of her...iced tea? At least it was wet, she thought. And squirmed as she felt a corresponding wetness moisten the panties she wore. One of his free hands reached out, and a finger trailed softly along her cheek, down to her collar bone, and across the tops of her breasts. Slowly the finger made its way stealthily to one pert nipple; it had been nothing more than a passing caress. But as their eyes met, Savannah knew that it wouldn't be much longer before they would become a lot more intimate. 

He leaned toward her, his mouth pressed against her ear, and whispered, "I want to fuck you." His tongue lapped at the shell of her ear, punctuating his bold statement. Savannah moaned softly under her breath. It was just what she needed right then and didn't hesitate to accept his hot proposal. 

"Yes," she said. 

Laying a twenty on the bar Jim led her toward the stairs at the back of the room and pushed her up them. His hands made rough traces on her ass as he followed her, occasionally swatting it. Soon they were inside a room, lit only by a lamp. Her eyes darted over to the bed; the covers had already been pulled back, a welcome sight. 

A hand gripped one of her own, bringing it behind her and to the front of his body, where she discovered he had already removed his jeans. Just that fast. His cock was long and throbbing, hot in her palm. While she was busy rubbing his cock, he reached around her front and quickly undid her own jeans, pulling them and her soaked panties down to rest around her ankles. 

He pushed her hand out of the way, and moments later Savannah heard the unmistakable sounds of a condom wrapper being torn. And moments after that, he had her face down on the bed, his cock buried to the hilt inside her. Gasping at the sudden intrusion, all Savannah could do was push her hips back at him as he pounded into her, over and over. No preliminaries, no foreplay. Just that quickly and she was ready to cum.

It rushed over her, powerful, pulsing; she screamed. He continued fucking her, faster and harder he pumped into her. Her eyes shut tightly; colors burst behind her closed eyelids. Another orgasm. Incredible. He lifted her up slightly, so now she was on all fours. One, two fingers probed her ass, slicked with her flowing juices.

She felt something bump her face. Startled into opening her eyes, she spied another dick; a hard, thick one at that. Looking up she recognized one of the men from the group of bikers below. His dick was already dripping with pre-cum. Savannah could not resist. She devoured him, rolling her lips and tongue around the tip and then taking him fully into her mouth. He was not as long as Jim, but he was very thick. 

One of her hands grabbed his balls, pulling and squeezing gently; he groaned deep in his throat, muttering "yeah, baby, suck me" over and over. He arched back, planting himself firmly with his hands on the bed, thrusting at her mouth. It was almost too much. Almost. 

She felt Jim pull out, and then he was turning her over onto her back, dispensing with her shoes, jeans, and panties; raising her legs high on his shoulders, and once again pounding into her. The other man adjusted his position so Savannah could take him into her mouth again. It was then she noticed the third man; another biker. He was all muscles and smoothe skin. His angry cock throbbed at her side, begging for attention. 

Savannah reached over and took him in hand, stroking him as best she could. Another powerful orgasm broke over her; so many areas of her were being stimulated. And then Jim was pulling out again, turning her back over onto her knees. The third man crawled under her, his dick now wrapped in latex. She impaled herself on him, and felt herself stretch; he was also very thick. Behind her, the second man probed her ass with his fingers, working her, stretching her. And then he was forging his way inside, inch by excruciating inch. A kaleidoscope of colors rushed through her mind as her sense overwhelmed her touch with reality.

Savannah screamed; she could not help herself. It felt so good, so hot. The two men pounded at her, filling her completely. And then Jim presented his cock at her lips, demanding attention. She moaned as her mouth engulfed him. He tasted so good; slightly salty; all hot, throbbing dick. She was completely full with cock; she was in heaven. Under her she felt the third man, frantic in his movements. His hands squeezed on her tits, each squeeze coinciding with his upward thrusts.

Her juices flowed swift and hot over him, and then he was panting, shouting; his release was powerful. She felt hot cum spurt on her cheeks; the second man had withdrawn, taken off his condom. It was hot and sticky on her flesh; sliding down the slope of her ass, mingling with her own moisture on her thighs. And then she tasted him; Jim. 

It erupted in her mouth, hitting the back of her throat, sliding down. She swallowed all she could; he was both tangy and salty. His hands gripped her head; pulling her mouth further along his shaft so all of him was inside. It was wonderful, wild, and wanton; but still, she ached. She mewed in the back of her throat, her craving having only been abated somewhat; now she wanted more. She writhed upon the bed, rolled over, stared at the three men around her. 

Her hips undulated, rolled; more, she needed more. Unabashedly, her hands played over her flesh. Plumping the fullness of her breasts; she managed to take one nipple into her mouth, sucked on it. Moaning now, her craving mounting, she spread her legs wide, her movements begging attention. Obligingly, one of the men dived between her limbs, lapping at her pussy, stabbing at her clit. His lips latched on to the nubbin, sucked, pulled. Her hips catapulted off the mattress, her scream surely loud enough to wake the dead as she came on his face. 

"Fuck me," she demanded. It was not directed at any one of them; she did not care which one of them obliged her. She fingered herself, enticing, inciting them to react. With a "hell yeah", Jim embedded himself deeply inside her. His head thrown back, he too seemed to be caught up in the animalistic fever that gripped Savannah. Their flesh met, broke apart, met again; over and over. The sound of their slapping flesh was drowned out by their moans and groans. 

"More, harder," she panted out. "Fuck me harder."

He grabbed onto her flanks, pulling her roughly toward him. His pelvic bone ground against her. Yes, she thought, this was what she wanted, needed. And when the rush overtook her once more, and the lights and colors once again exploded behind her eyelids, a soundless scream left the back of her throat. Her skin rippled, her flesh quivered.

When she became aware of her surroundings once again, she noticed the other two men were no longer in the room with them. Jim, breathing heavily, rested his face in her neck. 

"Any chance you might skip that convention, babe? I'm sure we can find some interesting activities to do in the next few days. "In a soft, butter-wouldn't-melt-in-her-mouth voice, Savannah replied, "I'm sure we will."