 It was a rainy Sunday morning when Nicole called. "Hey Shelby! Wanna do brunch today?"

Shelby looked over at her husband still sound asleep. She'd worked him pretty hard last night as the pleasantly dull ache between her legs reminded her.

"Sure thing! He's still asleep so I'll shower quick and meet you. Usual place." Shelby said.

"See you soon, Babe!" replied Nicole.

Shelby slipped quietly out of bed, stripped off the thong she'd slept in and headed for the shower. Brunches with Nicole were always fun and the two of them together usually attracted the attention of some men which was entertaining in it's own right.

As the warm water from the shower caressed her shoulders she thought about herself and Nicole and that attention they garnered. I guess it was because they looked similar — they'd been mistaken for sisters ever since college. Brown hair with a hint of red, small framed but with, well there was no other way to say it, big tits. And as her Husband said, "an ass to die for."

She'd admired Nicole's body before. As roommates in college she'd had plenty of opportunity back then and even now, years later, when they worked out together at the gym, in the shower she'd not been afraid to steal some looks.

As she thought about Nicole's breasts she absent-mindedly caressed her own. Nicole was beautiful — beautiful and sexy. Shelby's fingers traced circles around her nipples growing ever closer to the hardening buds. When she finally touched them, they were hard and sensitive. At her touch she felt a familiar warmness seep outward and down between her legs.

Shelby tore a hand away from her tits and slid it between her legs to gently caress the lips of her womanhood. Her clit came to life under her fingers and the slickness she felt wasn't from the shower alone.

She had always fantasized about Nicole and assumed that Nicole had about her as well from some of the dropped hints, but they'd never acted on them in college and now they were both married.

Feeling herself grow closer to climax, Shelby took down the shower head and aimed it between her legs, covering her clit with the massaging water jets. It didn't take long for her come and she let out a little whimper as it washed over her.

As the orgasmic haze slid away as she finished her shower and toweled off. Returning to the bedroom Shelby realized she must not have been as quiet as she thought as her husband was now awake and stroking his rock hard cock as he looked lustfully at her in her towel.

"Sounds like you had a nice start to your day! Wanna help me kick mine off as well?" he said.

"I'm running late. I'm meeting Nicole for lunch." Shelby regretfully told him.

"Aw come on, Babe." he replied. "I promise it won't take long. Listening to you get yourself off got me almost there anyway. You can just suck me."

"Well how can I turn that down?" Shelby said and dropped her towel. She saw the head of his cock surge and grow a darker shade of purple as her towel hit the floor. Climbing to her hands and knees on the bed, she crawled toward her husband.

Shelby started by taking his balls into her mouth and he gave a sigh of contentment. With her left hand she grasped his shaft and with her right she gently stroked his perineum. That earned her a groan. Although she enjoyed teasing him this way, she really was running late. Releasing his balls from her mouth with the sound of a wet smack, she slid her tongue up the shaft of his cock and then bobbed the head into her mouth. Circling it with her tongue, she then began sliding her lips up and down his pole. It didn't take long before the urgency was palpable. A quick slide of her fingers on his sack produced spurts his hot cum into her mouth.

Shelby swallowed as quickly as she could and continued to keep pressure on his cock until the spasms abated. He was right, it didn't take long. With a last hard suck she pulled her mouth off him as he sank deeper back into their bed. "Thanks, babe" he said with a contented grin and flipped over.

Shelby patted him on the ass as she got up and went to pick out her clothes. All the activity from the night before and this morning left her feeling sexy. She picked out a tiny red lace thong and it's matching bra. Quickly applying her makeup, She then donned a light spring dress, some sandals and headed out the door.

————————————-

Nicole was waiting. "There you are!" she said upon Shelby's hurried arrival.

"Yeah! Sorry. Things got away from me." Shelby said.

"Really? Things? Like your husband's cock?" Nicole jabbed.

"Nicole! Please!" Shelby gasped in feigned shock. "Actually, yes. That's EXACTLY what it was." She said throatily. "I sucked him off good and left him in bed!"

They laughed together. This was why Shelby enjoyed Nicole's companionship so much. They could talk about anything. Which they did over omelets and mimosa's.

"So how's Kevin?" Shelby asked finishing her omelet as Nicole downed her second mimosa.

"Good as gold." Nicole smiled. "Keeps mama happy."

"Happy to hear he can still keep you satisfied." Shelby grinned. Nicole and Kevin also had a fantastic sex life like Shelby and her husband. She was never jealous, both he had Kevin had kept nice bodies and were eager to please their women. The girls had shared enough stories over the years to know that all four had an adventurous side, but they all drew the line at swinging.

"So, Shelby," began Nicole slyly, "have you ever heard of Monogamous Group Sex." 

Monogamous Group Sex.

The words hung in the air. Perhaps it was the mimosas or the remains of orgasmic after glow, but they hit Shelby like a soft pink cloud.

"No. I don't think I have." replied Shelby as she began to think about what the words would mean.

"It's where couples have sex together in the same room. But only with their own spouse or partner. So its not really swinging." explained Nicole. "I've been reading about it online and it sounded hot so I brought up to Kevin last week. He was interested so we though about couples we'd like to try it with and well, you guys were top of the list." Nicole rushed to get this out, a rare blush rising at her collar bone.

"You and Kevin want to have sex with us?" Shelby whispered quietly.

"No! Not with you, just . . well. . yes . . . with you but not WiTH you. Really, just near you so we can watch and hear each other." Nicole stammered.

Shelby thought about it and her nipples perked up. A quick glance revealed that Nicole's points had hardened beneath the thin material of her dress as well. Shelby absently noting that she must only be wearing a half-bra for them to be so noticeable.

"You can say no." Nicole blurted out. "It's okay, we can forget the whole thing."

"I don't want to say no." Said Shelby, "I just need to think about it a bit. I'm not sure he'll go along with it either. And I have no idea how I'd ever bring it up. It's not that he's hard to talk to, but I'd be so embarrassed if he rejected the idea."

"But maybe you want to?" Nicole said hopefully.

"Let me be sure I understand, you and Kevin would be with us and the two of you would have sex and we would have sex, but not Me with Kevin or you with my husband?" Shelby asked.

"Yes, that's it. But we could watch and hear each other. I think it would be a real turn on!" Nicole said excitedly.

"Mmm, I can tell." Said Shelby as she reached over and gently flicked one of Nicole's pointed nipples. "You're about to tear through your dress just talking about it."

The crimson rose up Nicole's neck. "You got me! I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since we settled on the two of you. The idea of watching your husband's cock sliding in and out of your pussy while Kevin's hard cock is sliding inside me just gets me hot and wet." Nicole smiled. "Say you'll do it!"

"I want to." Shelby breathed out. "But you'll have to help me figure out how to talk him into it."

"I have an idea." Said Nicole. "Why don't you invite us over for drinks and a movie tonight. We'll bring a steamy movie and start making out. Maybe then you guys can get started and we'll just see how far we can take it?"

Tonight? Now it was Shelby's turn to get a little damp. "Tonight! Wow. Ok, yeah. Sure. Why not?" Shelby said. "Let's do it!"

——————————————

Shelby thought about it all the way home. It would be super hot to watch Nicole getting fucked. Especially when she was getting fucked at the same time. Shelby wanted this to work and considered that the best way to get her husband to go all the way was to make sure he was super horny tonight. Luckily, that was never a problem.

——————————————

When she got home, he was working out. That would give Shelby a nice opportunity to start her plan. She quickly changed into a sports bra and yoga pants and joined him in their workout room. "Hi, Babe." She said cheerily. "Mind if I join you?" 

"Nope." he grunted in the middle of a rep. 

She positioned herself directly in his line of sight and began a yoga routine that included lots of sticking her tits and ass in the air. She was only about half-way through when she felt his hand on her ass. "Mmm. Babe. I LOVE watching you do yoga." 

Shelby look back at him and could see his stiffening cock outlined by his workout shorts. "Yeah, babe I can tell" she said and give it a little squeeze. "But I'm not through here yet. Go shower." she told him and sent him away with a flick.

She heard their bathroom door close and the shower begin. "Off to a good start she thought."

—————————————

It was getting later in the afternoon when she finished her yoga. Returning to their bedroom she found him stretched out on the bed waiting for her. "Ah! Good! I didn't think you'd ever finish" he said reaching for her as she pulled off her sports bra. Freeing her globes in full view of his gaze.

"Uh, we don't have time for that right now." Shelby said teasingly while backing out of his reach. "Kevin and Nicole are coming over for drinks and a movie. You need to run out and get some liquor." she said turning her back to him and then pulling her yoga pants down to her ankles and off while pushing her ass up toward his hungry eyes.

"How about a quickie before I go?" he said.

"No." Shelby replied. "I have to get cleaned up. I promise I'll show you a fantastic time tonight."

He looked disappointed. So Shelby decided to tease him a little more. "But, " she said, turning to face him in all her nakedness. "Maybe just a little tease to keep your mind on me." Shelby said silkily and slid her hand down between her legs to finger herself while he watched. With her other hand she reached into his shorts and grabbed his cock. Masturbating them both at the same time was something they enjoyed, but as soon as she felt a stream of pre-cum leak onto her hand, she withdrew.

"Now, go get that alcohol" she ordered and he reluctantly dressed and left.

——————————————-

Dressing for tonight was going to be tricky Shelby thought. She wanted to be sexy. Both for her husband as well as Nicole and Kevin, but too much would give the plan away. She wished she could get away with a garter belt and stockings. That ALWAYS turned him on, but it couldn't work. Maybe the light blue teddy with the open crotch and half cups under skirt and a t-shirt? It would give him easy access to everything. She could convince him she'd just worn it for him and it was to be just their secret.

Shelby laid out her choices for the evening and just as she was putting on the teddy he returned from his trip.

"I've got it." he said as he walked through the door of their room and stopped as if struck by a baseball bat. "Oh babe! what are you doing to me in that!" he said looking her lustfully up and down.

"I told you I'd show you a good time later. This is part of it. I'll be wearing it all night while we're hanging with Nicole and Kevin. It'll be our little secret!" Shelby told him.

He walked toward her and before she could scoot away he held her tightly against his chest. His hard cock pressing through his pants and into her stomach. "You make me ache!" He groaned. He slid his hands down her back and grabbed her ass. Shelby kissed him on the neck and writhed her stomach against his rod.

"Ungh!" he said as he released her with a quick yank of the thong back of the teddy. The pressure that created against her clit caused a perking of her nipples and a wetness in her pussy for what seemed like the umpteenth time today. "Get dressed." He said. "I can't take anymore." 

————————————————-

Kevin and Nicole arrived right on time. Nicole had not chosen to be as discrete as Shelby in her attire. While she also had chosen a t-shirt and skirt, the tops of her stockings were just visible under its hem. After exchange greetings — Kevin seemed a little nervous, they all grabbed drinks and Shelby's husband led them to the media room.

"What'dya Bring?" he asked Kevin.

"Oh, well, I wanted a shooter but Nicole wanted a rom com so we compromised on this 'erotic thriller'" Kevin said with air quotes.

"Works for me." He said and took the blu-ray and started up the movie.

Kevin and Nicole took up spots on our couch while Shelby sat between her husband's spread legs on the love seat with his arms wrapped around her.

Not long into the movie Nicole got up for another round of drinks and when she returned she took up a similar position sitting with Kevin.

The erotic part of the movie began quickly with an intense sex scene. As they watched, Shelby felt the cock pressing into her back begin to grow. A glance at Nicole told her things were heating up over there as well. They locked eyes and smiled. Nicole took Kevin's hand and slid it under her shirt. 

It had begun.

——————————————————

The action on the screen was hot, but could not hold Shelby's interest. Seeing Kevin's hand under Nicole's shirt gently massaging her breast and stroking her nipple was far more interesting. Nicole closed her eyes and relaxed into the pleasure he was giving her. As the actors on the screen reached the resolution of their scene, Kevin slid his other hand under her shirt and cupped her other breast. With both her breasts cupped and Kevin stroking her nipples, Nicole reclined her position and her legs drifted apart slightly.

Shelby glanced at a conveniently placed mirror to see her husband was now looking at Nicole and Kevin as well. She could feel his cock was fully hard now and was pretty sure it wasn't from the scene on the movie. She wiggled a little to sit up a little straighter against him. This made his arms fall down into her lap. She decided to take a chance and gently pulled up on her shirt so that his arms now lay flat against the fabric of her teddy. He whispered in her ear, "Um, do you see what Kevin is doing to Nicole?"

Shelby turned her head to look at he friends. "Oh, yeah. I do." She said in her best quietly surprised voice. "Looks like they're having a good time!" She told him and squeezed his leg.

His cock twitched and the hands that were resting on her belly beneath her shirt began to rise. Excitement flooded through Shelby's mind as his hand reached the bottom swell of her breasts as they spilled out of the teddy's half cups. He gently ran his fingers across those small stretches of skin between the edges of the cups and below her nipples. Shelby shuddered at the intimacy of it. She and Nicole locked eyes again and shared a knowing smile as they realized the plan was working. Shelby saw Nicole's right hand reach down and pull up her skirt to reveal the garters holding up her stockings and then close her eyes as she began caressing herself beneath the remaining cover of her skirt.

Shelby felt fingers brush her nipples and they sprang to hardness under his expert touch. She let out a little moan and heard it echoed by Nicole from the couch. Shelby too reached under her skirt and separated the thin strips of the open crotch teddy that surrounded her pussy. They were soaked with her cum. Her fingers slid around on those wet lips as he began to pinch her nipples.

Another sex scene came and went on the screen as both couple became less and less shy about their activities. Nicole was writhing against Kevin as he stroked her nipples and she fingered her clit with abandon. Not so quiet moans escaped her lips as their playing continued.

Shelby too circled fingers around her clit working herself into a pitch of desire. Her husband was humping himself against her back as he continued his work on her nipples.

As a third sex scene began on the screen. Nicole stood from the couch and faced her husband. She pulled her t-shirt off over her head revealing herself to be wearing a black lace half bra with her nipples standing at perfect attention. Shelby felt the thrusting against her stop as they watched Nicole languidly straddle Kevin and push her tits into his face. He hungrily began licking all over her exposed breasts and sucking her nipples. Nicole grabbed his head and pulled him closer, smashing his face into her large milky tits. Kevin reached behind her and under her skirt to grab her ass. She lurched forward and her skirt came up give us a perfect view of her bare pussy framed by her black lace garter belt. Nicole wasn't wearing panties.

Shelby pulled away and stood. She grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt with both hands prepared to remove it as Nicole had done. Shelby paused and looked straight at her husband their eyes locked and then he gave her a slight nod. As Shelby pulled the T-shirt over her head, she felt his hands at her thighs and then her skirt was off as he yanked it down to the floor. And there she was. Fully exposed before not only her husband but Nicole and Kevin. 

Shelby returned to the love seat and straddled him as Nicole was straddling Kevin. He too went straight to lavishing her breasts and nipples with his mouth. The electricity shooting through her was unlike anything she'd ever experienced before. Hearing the sounds of Nicole and Kevin's pleasure echoing her own increased her desire ever more.

Shelby heard what sounded like a nearing orgasm from Nicole. She looked over and saw Kevin vigorously rubbing her clit as he sucked her tits. Nicole was bucking back and forth against his hand and then suddenly arched her back in an ecstatic convulsion that was unmistakably orgasmic. As it happened she felt fingers thrust into her wet hole and the combination of that touch while watching Nicole produced Shelby's first orgasm of the night. It didn't build. It just took her and wracked her body with sudden waves of passion. As she relaxed from the climax her view now included Nicole on her knees before Kevin, slurping hungrily on his cock.

Shelby then took a similar position. As she released her husband's tool from it's cloth cage he gave a groan. The shaft was red and the head was deep purple from the humping he'd given her. She wasted no time in burying it deep in her throat to give him some relief.

"Wanna watch me fuck her?" Kevin said from the couch while Nicole was still busily sucking his cock. 

"Yeah, Let's fuck 'em both" Shelby's husband replied.

With that Kevin pulled Nicole off his cock and into his lap. He spun her around reverse cowgirl style so that her entire body was exposed to them. She'd lost her skirt at some point was was clad only in the garter-belt, stockings and half bra. As Nicole lowered herself onto Kevin's stiff, waiting cock her smooth pussy was in full view. Drops of her dew slipped down on to his cock just before the head began to part her slick lips.

Shelby felt a hand pull her up into a similar position. Her husband pulled her down on to himself as well. As she felt his cock part her lips and plunge deep into her sopping pussy as a new wave of her juice flooded down around it and onto her legs.

On the couch, Nicole was sliding up and down Kevin's thick shaft like a piston. Her tits were bouncing up and down to the rhythm. Shelby attempted to match her pace on the cock buried in her pussy as well.
