 My name is Sheila and I am, what most would consider, your typical working mom. During the day I'm a National Accounts Manager for a large insurance brokerage firm. At night and on weekends, I assume the role of wife and mother. While some might say that my life is boring and routine, I am very proud of the life that my husband Tom and I have built together over the last twelve years. We both have successful careers, we live in a rather affluent southern community, and we have two incredible children. 

Although I am now forty years old, I keep my 5'5" body in reasonably good shape by exercising regularly and maintaining a good diet. I have smallish (34B) breasts and full hips.

Though I was not a virgin when I met my husband, none of my previous lovers are worth mentioning. The handful of men that I slept with prior to meeting Tom were either too drunk or simply incapable of showing me how good sex can be. As a matter of fact, although I was having sex on a fairly regular basis, I often turned to my vibrator for release when my partner had passed out after a three minute roll in the hay!

Everything changed when I met Tom. From the very first time we made love, I knew things were finally going to be different. He was the first man I had been with who made sure my needs were met before his own. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that my husband is perfect. He's not. However, what I've learned over the years is that he gets more pleasure out of making sure my needs are met, than he does from anything else. As a matter of fact, I can only think of a few times in our entire marriage when he has allowed himself to orgasm before I had cum at least once. Basically, he is a very unselfish lover.

I've found that one of the keys to our incredible lovemaking is open communication. Just like every other aspect of our life together, Tom and I discuss everything beforehand. We have so much trust in one another that both of us are completely at ease telling the other how we are feeling, if something is bothering us, or, in this case, if there is anything we want to try in the bedroom. I know that whenever there is anything new that I want to try, all I have to do is ask and Tom will do it without a moment's hesitation. I'm not going to go into any great detail, but Tom has done a number of things in the bedroom that would cause lesser men to run and hide. And because Tom is so willing to do anything for me, likewise I am equally enthusiastic about trying new things for him. 

One afternoon very early in our marriage, Tom and I began fooling around while the kids were away. One thing led to another and Tom asked if we could try anal sex. My initial reaction was no way, it will hurt too much. Boy was I wrong! Although our first few attempts were somewhat unproductive, I can honestly say that after I got over my initial apprehension of doing this perceived "lewd" sex act, I began to enjoy it. As a matter of fact, over the last few years I am often the instigator when we have anal sex. It feels so naughty and taboo, but it's incredibly sexy and hot to me!

Anyway, back to my story. 

Although Tom and I have great sex, just like any other couple, we are not immune to becoming complacent. This was the case six months ago. Tom was going through a rough patch at work while I was feeling strung out from having too many irons in the fire. During those couple of months last summer, sex was the last thing on our minds and I would be willing to bet that we had sex only once or twice a month (when we normally have sex three to four times a week!).

I remember vividly the day things changed and the circumstances that led to a life changing incident just weeks ago.

Tom had been out of town for two days on a business trip. He called me Thursday morning from the airport and said that he was going to catch an earlier flight. I could tell by the sound of his voice that he was excited about something.

"Sheila, can you leave work and be home by one?" He asked.

"Sure," I said, "but why?"

"I bought something for us and I don't want to wait until tonight to show you." He replied.

"Hmmmm," I teased. "I'll have to think about it."

"I need to catch my plane. Get your ass home before one o'clock," Tom insisted.

Before I had a chance to respond, he hung up.

"What in the world is he up to?" I thought to myself.

My curiosity was definitely aroused. This was not Tom's normal way of telling me something.

Two hours later, at around twelve forty-five, I told my assistant that I was leaving for the day. Arriving home a few minutes after one, I began undressing as I walked from the garage into our kitchen and great room. Not seeing Tom, I deduced that he was waiting for me in our bedroom. As I climbed the stairs to the second floor, I heard the sounds of men and women moaning. The noises appeared to be coming from the television in our bedroom. I gathered that Tom was watching some type of adult movie.

By the time I reached our bedroom, I was completely undressed with the exception of my bra and panties. I stopped briefly in the doorway and smiled when I saw what Tom was up to. He was lying on our bed, completely naked, slowly stroking his cock.

"Well it's about time." He joked.

I couldn't help but notice the pre-cum on the tip of his lovely cock.

Walking towards the bed I asked, "Are you sure you even need me? It looks as though you've got things under control." 

Tom laughed as he used the remote to pause the DVD.

"Come here baby. I missed you."

Lying down beside him, we hugged. He then kissed me firmly on the lips (just the way I like it).

"I missed you too," I said.

Moving his hand out of the way, I playfully took his rigid cock in my hand and asked, ""So....is this what you couldn't wait to show me?"

I then removed the sweet pre-cum from the tip of his cock with my fingers. Next, I seductively licked my fingers clean.

Smiling, he said, "No, this is what I wanted to show you." 

Tom reached for the tv remote and turned the movie back on.

Although Tom and I had often rented pay-per-view type "mature themed" movies whenever we stayed at an out of town hotel, for some reason we had never watched a porno movie together. I'm sure Tom had watched porn back in his single days, but this was my first experience watching an uncut XXX-rated movie.

As I'm sure everyone knows, most X-rated movies don't have much of a plot or a plot that would appeal to most women. Even the soft-core movies that we've watched in the past had very little dialogue before the men and women started to screw. The movie that Tom showed me on that fateful Thursday afternoon was certainly no different. 

In the first scene there was a petite blonde with large breasts and a tall handsome guy with black hair sitting on a couch talking. After a few seconds the doorbell rang and the man told his "girlfriend" that he had a surprise for her. The man left the room briefly to answer the door and when he returned a few seconds later there was another man with him. The "friend" was a little shorter than the guy with black hair. The second man was cute, had blonde hair, and looked fairly muscular. After a few moments of casual conversation, things began to heat up. Before long the three people were involved in a frenzied threesome. After a few minutes of kissing and licking the woman's body, the men having their way with the gorgeous porn star.

As I continued watching the scene on the television, Tom began to kiss my neck, ears, and chest!

"Do you like it?" Tom whispered.

"Mmmm....yes." I moaned.

"I thought you would."

After a few moments of lovingly licking and sucking on my tender nipples, Tom began to kiss his way down my body. I encouraged him by pushing my crotch against his face when I felt his tongue touch my sensitive clit. Seconds later, he began to playfully write the alphabet on my pussy lips and clit with his tongue (something he knows puts me over the edge). Before long, the sensory overload was simply too much. I was already on the brink of an orgasm when I couldn't help but glance over and continue to watch the movie. What I saw next pushed me over the edge.

As the actress sucked on her boyfriend's rather large cock, the beautiful woman was on her knees getting fucked from behind by the blonde guy. Seconds later, both men groaned loudly and erupted in orgasm. The blonde man pulled out and spurted cum all over the woman's perfectly shaped ass, as the boyfriend came in her mouth. When the boyfriend had finished, the woman took his semi-erect cock back in her mouth and began to seductively lick and suck it.

I was getting very turned on by this movie. Although I had finished Tom off the very same way hundreds of times in the past, watching the woman on television do it triggered a violent orgasm. I began to scream as Tom lapped away at my sensitive pussy.

For the next hour Tom and I made love like we hadn't in months.

Over the course of the next two weeks, Tom and I watched the movie repeatedly; before, during, and after making love. Although the first scene of the movie had two guys and one woman, the general premise was "moresomes" (as Tom explained). Essentially all of the scenes had three or more people involved. One of the scenes had two women and one guy; another had two couples; and one even had three guys and one girl.

While I enjoyed watching each and every scene of the movie, the two I enjoyed most were the ones involving one woman with two guys. Although I had never shared my fantasy with Tom, over the years I have masturbated countless times while thinking about this very same scenario. Based upon my reaction to these specific scenes, it didn't take long for Tom to figure out what was going on in my head. 

One night as we made love Tom started asking questions. I recall that I was on top grinding my clit slowly against Tom's crotch when he asked.

"You like watching those women with two guys, don't you baby?"

At first I was a little surprised by his question. But the more I thought about it, the more it turned me on.

"Mmmm...yeah." I purred as I pushed myself harder against him.

"Do you ever fantasize about doing something like that?"

Because I was really enjoying the feeling of having Tom's cock deep inside me, I didn't answer immediately.

After a brief silence I finally answered.

"Mmmm, yes." I moaned.

"Tell me about it." He pleaded.

While at first I was somewhat apprehensive, I soon began sharing my favorite fantasy with him while I continued to move my neatly trimmed pussy up and down on his stiff cock. This is the way my fantasy normally goes.

The two of us are out of town on one of our long weekend trips. Late one night we're sitting at a booth in the hotel lounge having a drink. There is a cute guy sitting at the bar and he keeps looking in my direction. After a few minutes, the handsome stranger walks over to our table, introduces himself, and asks if he can join us. Apparently he's in town on business and staying at the same hotel. We talk for a while and before long the alcohol begins to have an effect on me. I boldly begin to flirt with our new friend in front of Tom. I am very much surprised to see that instead of being pissed off, Tom is actually quite turned on by our flirtation.

I stopped my story at this point because I was so close to climaxing. The freedom of finally sharing my fantasy with Tom was exhilarating and hot. Tom could sense my imminent orgasm and began pushing himself deeper and deeper inside of me. 

My body stiffened and my clitoris shuddered. I let go and waves of pleasure rippled through me. I moaned loudly, "Ohhhhh, yes," as the full force of my orgasm overtook me.

"That was incredible!" I murmured as I collapsed on Tom's hairy chest.

After only a few seconds, Tom motioned for me to roll over and lie down on my back. In an instant he was between my legs and inside of me once again.

After a few minutes of slow lovemaking, Tom whispered in my ear.

"So.....finish your story."

Damn.

"You're not going to drop this, are you?" I teased.

"Nope. It was just starting to get good."

"Are you sure you won't get upset?" I asked.

"Sweetheart, do you know how many times I've fantasized about sharing you with another guy?"

To be honest, I was a little shocked when he said this. I assumed that most men's fantasies revolved around having two women at once. I loved the fact that Tom fantasized about sharing me.

"Mmmmm....well.....before long the three of us wind up back in our hotel room."

Long pause.

"And then what?" Tom asked.

[Guys always have to know the details!]

This was obviously turning Tom on as much as it was me. His cock felt harder and thicker than ever. And to be honest, talking about it was making me horny again. I knew that if I continued I would eventually cum again.

"Well...the three of us end up in bed together."

"Keep going." Tom insisted as he thrusted deeper and deeper inside of me. I shudder as I feel the end of his prick hitting my cervix.

"At first you just watch as me and my new friend make out and explore one others bodies."

"And then what?" He moaned.

"When I simply can't take it any longer, I beg him to take me."

"Oh, yeah. Then what?"

"Seconds later he is inside of me. You then move towards me on the bed and begin licking and sucking my nipples."

"Do you like how he feels?"

"Oh yes. His cock is huge and feels so good." I moaned.

"And then what?"

"The two of you take turns fucking me. You and him take me in every conceivable position for what seems like hours. I cum over and over again."

"And what about us?" Tom whispers.

"I end up getting both of you off at the same time."

"How?" Tom moans.

"I get you off with my mouth as he pulls out and cums all over my stomach." I moaned as Tom's cock made another long stroke deep inside me.

Repeating the details of my fantasy was simply too much. I erupted in orgasm for the second time of the evening. 

Apparently my story had the same effect on Tom because his body stiffened and soon I felt him explode inside of me.

"Oh, fuck!" Tom groaned as he arched his back and pounded my cunt with rapid ejaculating thrusts.

"Oh, yes baby! Give it to me." I pleaded.

Moments later we collapsed on the bed completely spent.

"Wow," Tom exclaimed, "that was incredible."

All I could do was moan in agreement.

To be continued....