 Shelly's surprise 

My wife and I had recently divorced. Things have moved on with a few bumps and bruises along the way. She has taken another man and is happy with him. The one thing that held us together so well was our sex life. Unfortunately, that tended to be the thing we would withhold from one another when we got angry. It was hard. I always truly enjoyed every aspect about the way she reacted to me inside of her. I know, without question, that nobody could ever please her the way that I could. 

Every now and then, she would hint to me that she missed my eight inches of pleasure. We had a code for when she couldn't resist anymore and her vibrator just couldn't substitute for the real thing any longer. When she wanted it, we would arrange a time for her to "bathe at the Hot Gates". It was her sauna time. You see, we had named my cock Leonidas. Like the Spartan warrior king, he was brave and strong. He never backed down from the challenge and never surrendered. She longed for Leonidas. The thoughts and memories of him would make her cleanly shaven pussy dripping wet. I will be the first to tell you that her soaked love box was amazing. Even after years of wild sex, she was still so tight. She has a little larger clit than most women, making her love button easy to play with or suck on. 

One hot summer night, she sent me a text message saying that her gates were hotter than usual and she really needed a bath. I replied to her. 

"You can come over tonight on one condition. You have to obey my every command." I was feeling a little daring and had nothing to hold back. 

"Okay? I don't understand but I'm intrigued."

"Bring those red bondage ropes I got on our last Valentine's day." 

"I'll have to find them. We hardly used them," she said "What in the world have you got in your head?"

"Don't worry about it. Just be ready for something special!"

The doorbell rang. I had prepared some soft candle light and music for the mood. I answered the door wearing the first pair of jeans she had bought me and a form fitting white tee shirt. She came into my house wearing a white flowing skirt. Her top was a gorgeous turquoise blue number that showed just the right amount of cleavage to pull any man's attention. The low cut of it was also accentuated by her short haircut, revealing a long, sinuous neck. She wasn't even through the door and I was already planning a path for my tongue to follow. Her body was delicious. To look at her, you would never know that she was the mother of three boys. Her skin was creamy white and silken smooth. Her thin 5'7" frame was accented by full breasts and a shapely ass that men loved to stare at as she walked by. I always got turned on when we would go to the mall or even the supermarket and see other men draw their gaze to her firm ass sashaying by. 

Inviting her in, I kissed her lightly just below her ear as I welcomed her once again into my arms. Her perfume mixed with her pheromones was intoxicating. It was so hard to control my urges. I led her into my living room where I moved around her. Coming to her from behind, I parted her hair from her neck and began to kiss my way down the left side. I moved my hand down her arm to her waist. I worked my fingers beneath the fabric of her shirt as my other hand glided along her other arm which was pulling my head closer to her neck. I slowly traced my hand up her smooth stomach as we moved in rhythm to the music. I pulled her shirt above her head. As I tossed it to the floor, my fingertips retraced the way down her outstretched arms and cupped her wonderful breasts. The D cup was a perfect fit in my large hands. 

I began to move my way around the back of her neck and reached over to my mantle. I picked up my sleep mask that I had placed there and told her to put it on. My hands found their way back to her breasts and I eased one hand into her bra and the other to the clasp. Her nipples were ready for the attention. Her large areoles are so sexy and sensitive. I could spend hours simply teasing them. After freeing her soft mounds from their restrictive bonds, I began to move my kiss down her spine, my hands lightly tickling her ribs. Her senses were enhanced with the blindfold on. The touch, though soft as the summer breeze, was so arousing that it sent goosebumps down her body. I began sliding down her skirt and was a little taken by the fact that she wasn't wearing panties. I assumed, from her text, that she had probably soaked them with her daydream earlier and just didn't bother putting more on. I knelt behind her. My hands were rubbing all over her sleek legs. I stroked up and down her calves and thighs. I moved my kiss to the backside of her knee. It's such a tender area. I could smell the lovely aroma of her aching treasure waiting to be discovered. I kissed and sucked and licked my way up her thigh and over to her other one. I had one hand massaging her ass as the other teased her vulva. My ex has always had a hard time controlling herself during foreplay. She started to turn and face me even though she couldn't see me. I quickly told her that she wasn't allowed to move without my command or I would stop everything. She obeyed, but with a slight whimper. 

Not being one to displease, I moved around and instructed her to take off my clothes off with her blindfold still on. I wanted her to take her time. She moved with the slow pace of the music. As each body part became bare, she was to kiss and lick as she desired. Her mouth moved up my chiseled and clean shaven torso. She kissed up my neck. She fumbled a little as she unlatched my belt and pulled it quickly from the loops. She eagerly unbuttoned my pants. Dropping to her knees, I could feel her warm breath along my hip bone. Her lips found their way to my smooth balls. My Spartan king stood strong for battle. She started to lick and fondle my manhood. Oh God, how I've missed those soft lips around my hard cock. My hands moved to the back of her head. My fingers grabbed into the golden locks of her soft hair. Knowing how much it turned her on to be face fucked, I took the opportunity not to deny her this pleasure. 

I felt my orgasm building. 

"Not yet."

I stopped and pulled her to her feet. I led her out of the room. She followed me into another. It wasn't the room she was expecting though. I had taken her to my exercise room. Leading her carefully around the equipment, I had her kneel on the weight bench. With her forearms solidly on the bench and her wrists just past the edge, I took the bondage ropes and around the cross bar and slid each of her hands into the cuffs. After I pulled the bonds tight, I moved around and placed a towel over her calves and ties her legs to the bench with my belt. Positioned on all fours, I had her at my absolute command and mercy. I ran my fingers up the back of her thigh and rubbed her dripping wet pussy. She was so hot and ready. The anticipation must have been driving her nuts. I placed two fingers inside of her and started rubbing her G-spot. With my free hand, I squeezed some KY liquid onto her tail bone and watched as I dribbled down the crack of her sexy ass. I never relented the attention I was giving her G-spot and could feel the walls of her pussy tightening. Her orgasm was getting close. I worked the middle finger of my free hand to her lubricated brown eye and lightly played on the outside of it. The tension was growing with her desire to cum. Her moans grew louder. I slowly pushed my finger inside of her. I know my ex-wife's eyes had rolled to the back of her skull despite them being covered with the blindfold. She has always loved anal play. I was now working both hands inside of her and felt her body lock down as the first of her orgasms came in full force. I held her hips and continued to rub her clit as her body quaked. I was careful to make sure she didn't lose her balance. 

When her orgasm began to ease, I moved back to her face and teased her with my cock rubbing against her cheek. I knelt down and kissed the trace of precum my soldier had left on her cheek. I placed the two fingers I had in her wet treasure on her lips. She opened her mouth and tasted the sweet juices she had spilled over them. I could tell she like the taste from the eagerness she sucked my fingers. 

I walked back around her with my engorged cock swinging side to side. I teased her tender petals with the head of my mighty Spartan warrior. Sliding back and forth against her excited clit, I was driving her nuts. She tried to angle herself so that my dick might slip inside of her but I continued my denial. 

"Fuck me now. I can't stand it!" she cried out. 

I responded with a stinging smack on her ass to remind her that I was in charge. Then, I started slapping my thick cock against her ass. I slapped it upwards against her clit. I pressed the tip against her asshole and began to ease inside of her. I slapped her ass again. 

"Please fuck me. I need that cock inside of me. I don't care where or how, just fuck me now." 

"What makes you think you deserve this king inside of you?" I teased in a stern voice.

"Because all I can think about when you're gone is how great you feel inside me. Nothing can ever compare to it."

It was so hard not to ravage her right then. I was just as anxious to fuck the hell out of her. I knelt to the ground and parted her tender treasure with my fingers. I drank of her juice as I licked along her tender lips. Her taste is so addictive! I absolutely loved covering my face with her pussy after she has had an orgasm. 

I slowly traced her sweet slit with the tip of my tongue. I kissed her cunt deeply, plunging my tongue fully into her. Several minutes passed and I withdrew. Then I started to hum on her clit while my tongue suckled around her hungry opening. Her sex had returned and was flowing into my open mouth. I love having this unique ability. I have opened several women to full flowing external orgasms. She was no exception. My ex-wife could flood with the best of them. 

I stood up and straddled the bench again. This time, I was straight to the point. I plunged my engorged dick deep inside her. Her appetite was finally being sated. Looking down at her sinuous back as I thrust against her delicious ass, I knew that I wouldn't last long. This position was always my weakness and gets me off quickly. I pulled out and walked up to her face. She smelled her sex along my shaft but would not open her mouth. 

"Open!" I commanded with a handful of hair. 

"Fuck me now!" she barked back. She forgot her position. 

At that moment, she felt a tongue trace up her leg, lapping up the juice dribbling down it. The tongue moved quickly and when the mouth behind it met her clit, my ex-wife gasped. 

I jammed my cock deep down her throat before she could process the words to say. She tried to pull away but my hands still hand firm grip on her hair. I calmly told her to relax as the new mouth worked into her sopping wet pussy. 

She did as she was told. I slowly started face fucking her but I could tell she was still trying to figure out just what in the hell was going on. 

We were acting out an old fantasy of hers. She had longed for group sex and even discussed an orgy. Unfortunately, we could never move past talking about it. Her conscience wouldn't allow herself to follow her natural desires. She always pictured her image to others was that of high class, so she would never let her inner slut out. 

The strange new mouth gently licked and suckled on her delicious forbidden fruit in a way that she had never felt before. It seemed to push her and tease her even better than I could. Whoever was doing this to her was truly a master. She started matching the rhythm with her own oral sex on me. I was able to take in this glorious site as my ex-wife was now a bridge of pure sexuality. 

Her orgasm must have been getting close because she began to swallow my dick as if her own pleasure depended on it. I bent over and loosened her hand restraints. At the same time, our new friend unshackled her feet and returned to the deliciousness of flesh. She pulled my hips into her and furiously fucked her face with my meaty manhood. With both sides being simultaneously pleasured, she had to be experiencing the most intense buildup of an orgasm that I have ever known a woman to have. 

She pulled her mouth from my cock And then her climax released. Mt. Vesuvius on Pompeii is the only comparison that came to my mind. Her legs clenched beneath her body, forcing our friend's face from its position. It was quickly replaced with a hand to continue driving the orgasm forward and allowing her to soak the floor with her sexual rain. I held her body up as she started convulsing. I have seen many great orgasms but this one was beyond compare. Her entire spirit was lifted into a realm that didn't seem real. She continued to cum and cum. Finally, after about a full minute and a half, she regained her senses and could stand on her own. 

I kissed her collarbone in our embrace. Our nameless friend moved to embrace my ex-wife from behind. My long arms were able to reach around both people and pull us tightly together. My erect dick pressed along my ex's stomach. She noticed the figure behind her was about her same height and that she didn't have anything pressing against her backside. 

With her right hand, she removed her blindfold while her other hand reached around behind her to feel the soft, warm flesh of another woman. Our silent friend's hands slid up my ex's sides to her full breasts. There brief gaze to one another was quieted with the softest of kisses. 

I pulled away, taking each one of the women by the hand, and led them across the hall to my bedroom. They bathed in the glow of the soft candle light and deeply devoured each other in a lustful glance. Our friend was very thin but toned. She had smaller breasts but were enticing nonetheless, especially when each nipple piercing was noticed. As eyes traveled south, the clit piercing glimmered above her smooth cunt to my ex's hungry stare. 

"I'm Cassandra, but you can call me Cassie." said our new friend 

"Shelly," replied my ex. "it's really a pleasure."

I guided them to the bed and softly laid Shelly down and held myself above her. Cassie eased beside us. I looked into my ex-wife's eyes and saw the longing for a kiss. A real kiss. The kind of kiss we used to share. I lowered myself to her and granted her unspoken desire. 

Cassie's soft hand glided along Shelly's silky flesh and found its way to her full breast. While teasing Shelly's nipple, her other hand began to massage my warrior and prepare Jim for the final battle. She stroked it with as much sensitivity as she had given my former lover just minutes before. Not breaking our kiss, Shelly parted the hot gates for me once again. Cassie guided me into position. I delivered my gift deep into her, again granting her true fulfillment. I moved with purpose in her. I filled her with all the passion that I still had for her. 

I lifted my head and arched back. Shelly turned her head to kiss Cassandra again. They welcomed one another as if they were lovers of old. Her hand journeyed along Cassie's wrist to her hips. It continued over to her shaved and hungry pussy. So wet with anxiousness, it was easy for Shelly to slip two fingers right inside her new girlfriend's love spot. 

Within minutes, Cassie was screaming in orgasm. The sensation of feeling another woman's pussy squeeze in climax on Shelly's fingers was too much for my ex knowing she caused it. It caused her to burst into yet another orgasm. I couldn't fight my own anymore and filled my ex with the hard earned seed of my Spartan king. I pumped load after load into her. It felt like the waves of a hurricane crashing against the shores. 

Now spent, I collapsed next to the bed, leaving her in-between Cassie and me. After a few minutes passed, the two women entwined once again. They knew they didn't have to wait on me to continue the raw sensuality that was in the room. My ex was now ready to explore her taboo desire for another woman more fully. I laid back and enjoyed the fleshy display before me. 

Shelly took a nipple into her mouth and sucked. She played with the bar that pierced the sensitive fold of flesh, flicking it with her tongue and lightly biting down on it. Her fingers resumed their place inside of Cassie. Slowly, almost hesitantly, her breath warmed the path down Cassie's stomach to her delicate flower. She was nearly in a 69 when her lips met Cassie's fleshy folds. She lightly licked the open slit. Cassie cooed when Shelly laid a kiss to her labia, adding just a little bit of tongue to pressure. 

Shelly had an instinct to what she was doing. As she soulfully kissed Cassie's cunt, her girlfriend completed the 69 and took her place again into the cream filled treasure of Shelly. With no objection to my cum dripping from her freshly fucked opening, Cassie fed herself on the pussy in front of her. She looked as if she were sucking all of my seed right back out and trying to make sure she didn't miss a drop. 

My manhood found itself engorged again at the sight of the two heavenly beauties beside me. After watching them help each other to several small orgasms, I remember the twin vibrators I had gotten just before we split up. It was for just this occasion. I reached into my nightstand and pulled the identical bullet shaped silvery vibes from their forgotten slumber. Each of them was long enough to be used as a dildo, but also nestled on a woman's clit nicely. Each vibrator was attached by wires about three feet long to a single hub with dials to control the intensity independently. I handed each of them a vibrator and turned on the control. 

Starting on the lowest setting, the women both rubbed it on their lover's love button. Each of them just enjoyed looking at what they were doing to the other. I turned the dial to a moderate intensity for each of them. I watched Cassie move her dildo back and forth on Shelly's clit and in return, Shelly started circling around her counterpart's aching opening. Both women were unconsciously writhing their hips against the toys. 

I cranked up the intensity to 75%. That seemed to be where they wanted it. Each of them started fucking the other with the vibrator. Shelly was frigging her lover's pussy with her free hand while Cassie began sucking on the swollen clit in front of her. Each got the other off within a minute, filling the room with pleasured screams. 

We stayed up until dawn fucking in all manner of ways. It was a glorious night of newly opened doors. Shelly reluctantly went back to her house around lunch. I'm sure her boyfriend was worried to death, but she didn't seem too concerned. That night I received another text. 

"My hot gates are on fire! When can we meet again?"