 Friday was bin collection day, so at 7.30 am, Sheridan found herself dragging the bin down her driveway ready for collection. "Morning Sheridan!" Sheridan jumped and looked round. On the driveway two doors down stood Mrs Kingston and Bob, one of her new neighbours, he and his brothers had just moved in three weeks ago. Sheridan placed her bin at the kerb and walked towards her neighbours.

"Morning Mrs Kingston, morning Bob. Stu forgot to put the bin out before we went to bed," she said smiling as she approached them.

"Well, don't you look lovely, Sheridan! As always," Bob called to her with a big smile on his face. Mrs Kingston made a strangled noise that kind of sounded like 'Morning'. A sudden cool breeze blew passed causing Sheridan to shudder. Her face went bright red as she looked down.

In her haste to put the bin out, she had just ran out in her nightwear and her slippers. The flimsy, gauze like material of the dressing gown she had pulled on, barely concealed anything on the best of days, but now the tie had started to come undone and was gaping at the front. Under the dressing gown Sheridan was wearing a short, black nightie, and whilst this particular one wasn't see through, her ample cleavage was on full display.

"Oh!" she squeaked and quickly covered herself as best as possible. "I am going to go and get ready for work." She turned to make her escape before she embarrassed herself even more.

"Don't forget our housewarming barbecue tomorrow lunchtime. You and that husband of yours are our special guests," Bob called out, laughing as Sheridan tried to run back to her house without revealing her naked arse.

It was a lovely spring day as Sheridan and her husband made their way next door for the barbecue. Sheridan had made a potato salad and a lemon drizzle cake and her husband was carrying a couple of bottles of wine. They let themselves in through the side gate and into the garden. It was a lovely big back garden with a huge decked area at the back of the house, where there were several tables with chairs set out. 

Clive came jogging over from the barbecue, where all three brothers had been standing. "The Nevilles are here!" he called out to everyone and no one in particular. "Hey, thanks for coming," he said when he reached them both. Stu transferred one of the bottles to his other hand so he could shake hands with Clive. "And there's our favourite girl! Sheridan, a pleasure, as always." he continued as he took a hold of Sheridan's shoulders and kissed her full on the lips.

Sheridan giggled feeling a little embarrassed. "Hi Clive, what shall I do with these?" she asked as she lifted the dishes she held in her hands. 

"You don't mind if I steal her away, do you?" Clive asked Stu, "There's some friends I'd like her to meet. My brothers are over there. Go and say hello." And with that he guided Sheridan into the house and through to the kitchen. Sheridan put her dishes on the worktop, alongside some other salads and cold dishes.

"Now then, let me see you," Clive said as he took her hand and twirled her around. The hem of her summer dress spun out she moved. "You look stunning! I was so jealous yesterday morning after Bob said he saw you in nothing but your nightie. Jim and I ignored him for hours," he said laughing.

Sheridan's cheeks were flushed with the attention she was receiving. She knew she wasn't a skinny girl, she had wide hips and an arse. But she knew her breasts were magnificent, everyone told her so. Who cares if her tummy was a little soft, she wasn't fat, just womanly and curvy, her husband always told her. So she dressed to show off her best assets. She was wearing a mid-thigh length cotton summer dress with little spaghetti straps. Her breasts beautifully displayed.

Sheridan had a great afternoon. She met so many new people, friends of the brothers. And of course, all the other neighbours were there too. Although Mr Kingston was friendly, she always tried to avoid Mrs Kingston. Sheridan felt that she was always looking down her nose at her.

Sheridan looked at her watch, it was 7pm. She had been chatting to the Carr family across the road, but they'd left about five minutes ago to get the children ready for bed. So she went in search of her husband.

She found him in the dining room with a group of other men, including their hosts, playing cards. "Honey, are you ready to go?"

"Do you mind if I stay and play cards a while longer, Sheri?"

"No, you stay and have fun with the boys. I'll see you at home." Sheridan gaver her husband a kiss and left.

It was getting late, 10.30 pm, and Sheridan was wondering what Stu was doing. 'Surely, they're not still playing cards?" she thought to herself. Deciding to go and check, Sheridan put down her wine glass and stood up. As she did, she wobbled a little. She looked at the now empty bottle of wine and giggled "Opps!" She hadn't realised she'd drank a whole bottle while watching TV. Not bothering to put her shoes back on, she made her way next door.

Sheridan could hear the laughing and shouting as she let herself in her neighbour's house through the back door. She was smiling as she entered the dining room, the boys were clearly enjoying themselves.

"Hey, honey!" her husband shouted when he spotted her in the doorway. All eyes turned to look at her.

"Sheridan!"

"There's my favourite girl!"

"Check this beauty out!"

Sheridan was greeted with calls from the group of men sitting around the table. Obviously she knew her husband and the three brothers, she also saw their neighbour Mr Kingston, and wondered how he'd managed to ditch his wife, and there were five other men. She'd met them during the barbecue, but couldn't recall their names.

"Sheridan! Come here, sweetheart." Sheridan crossed the room to stand next to Bob. He put his arm round her, his hand resting on her hip. "We were just about to play a game of spin the bottle, come and join us." Sheridan looked over at Stu, who was smiling and nodding at her.

"Ok," she answered.

Bob patted her on the bum. "Good girl. Sit next to me."

Sheridan sat down and they discussed the rules. Bob would start by spinning the bottle, whoever the neck was pointing at when it stopped spinning would have to do a dare or tell the truth to a question. The person sitting on their left would give the dare or ask the question. And so they began.

Bob spun the bottle it stopped on Mr Kingston, he looked to his left, to friend 1, as Sheridan thought of him as that was easier than trying to keep track of names. "I'll take truth."

"When was the last time you had sex?"

Everyone laughed, apart from Mr Kingston who shifted uncomfortably in his chair.

"What year is this?"

Stunned silence hit the room. "You're joking, right?" asked friend 3.

"I wish I was. I think the last time was about eighteen months ago."

"Bloody hell! Sheridan starts getting moody if it's been eighteen hours!"

Everyone laughed and Mr Kingston, glad to have the attention taken away from him, span the bottle. This time it stopped on Sheridan. To her left was friend 5.

"Truth or dare, Sheridan?"

"Erm, truth."

"I hope you don't mind, young man," friend 5 glanced over at Stu, "But I've got to know if those titties are real." He turned back to Sheridan and raised his eyebrows.

More laughter rang out as Sheridan giggled and nodded her head.

Friend 5's mouth dropped open. "Seriously?"

"Give them a squeeze, they're real!" Stu shouted across the table.

Before Sheridan could bat an eyelid, the man had his hands on her breasts. His face was awash with amazement as he weighed the massive globes in his hands. He squeezed them and jiggled them, watching them move. Everyone was laughing again watching him. 

"They feel so soft. Soft and heavy. I could use them as a pillow," said friend 5 in admiration.

'Dirty old man' Sheridan thought. Although she was enjoying the attention, and with her sensitive breasts she found her nipples were hardening.

"Ok,ok. Stop playing with her tits, and let her spin the bottle."

It was Clive's turn and he choose a dare. It was friend 2 who gave him his dare. "I dare you to motorboat Sheridan's tits."

"Lucky bastard!"

"Why does he get to do that?"

"Not fair!"

Clive ignored all the shouts from the various men and grinned as he got up and walked round to kneel next to Sheridan. He pulled her hips round so she was facing him. He adjusted the top of her dress a little, so she was even more exposed, and then planted his face into her cleavage.

"Brrrrrrrrrrrr!" Clive shook his face in Sheridan's cleavage, making noises like a motorboat. Sheridan laughed as she felt the vibrations hum through her boobs. Clive lifted his face, grinning. "Whoops," he said and used his hand to wipe some of the spit he'd left over her breasts.

Sheridan chose a dare on her next turn, it was friend 5 again. "Can you suck your own nipple?"

"That's not a dare!" shouted Mr Kingston and threw a bottle cap across the table at him.

"Ok,ok. I dare you to suck your nipple."

Still feeling the effects from the bottle of wine, Sheridan undid two of the buttons on the front of her dress. There was a collective hush as she pulled one of her ample breast from the confines of her dress. Sheridan may have small nipples compared to her breast size but they were hard and protruding. She took her breast in her hands and easily lifted it to her face, bending her head down she poked her tongue out of her mouth and flicked it over the nipple. She circled her nipple before sucking it into her mouth. "Hmmm," she moaned as she sucked.

"Fuck, that's hot!"

A few of the men adjusted themselves as Sheridan put her boob back into her dress, not bothering to do the buttons back up, she laughed and reached for the drink that had been placed before her.

Stu was next and he chose truth. To his left was friend 3. "What's your favourite sexual position?" All heads turned to hear his answer. Sitting back in his chair and stretching he answered.

"Definitely doggy style. I love holding on to Sheri's hips while I pound into her, you should see her tits move. Sometimes I get her to kneel up and hold onto the headboard, so that I can reach round and hold onto them, she loves it when I pull on her nipples, she cums so hard."

The heads of the men all swung round to look at Sheridan, several sets of eyes flicked down to her tits, as if imagining it.

After a quick break to refill drinks, they continued with the game. Bob asked for a dare. Giggling, Sheridan said to him, "I dare you to play the rest of the game naked."

"Ah, shit! Nobody wants to see a naked sixty year old." But Bob gamely stripped off. As he stood to pull his trousers and underwear down Sheridan gasped. She knew he was big, and remembered him pushing into her from behind and how he stretched her. But she hadn't appreciated how big he was until now.

Smirking after hearing Sheridan's gasp, Bob sat back down, his legs parted to allow his thick, heavy cock to lay between his legs. She wasn't the only one who had fond memories of the first time they'd met. 

Friend 4 asked for a dare. "Hmm, let me see," Jim rubbed his hand over his chin. "I dare you to titty fuck the lovely Sheridan here."

"Woo, you're in for a treat there!" Stu shouted across the table. He loved sliding his hard cock between her tits. Sometimes he would slap the head of his cock against her nipple, this would always make her beg for more.

Friend 4 licked his lips nervously as he stood and walked over to Sheridan, undoing his trousers as he went. He pressed his legs against Sheridan's knees, forcing them open, he stepped in between them. Sheridan's dress rose up, exposing the tops of her creamy white thighs. Friend 4 unbuttoned the remaining buttons at the top of her dress and parted the material.

Sheridan heard a 'whoosh' as the man's trousers dropped to the floor. Jutting from a big, grey bush was his erect cock, and despite his age his balls still looked tight and full. He took hold of her tits, bent his legs a little and slid his cock in between her breasts. He gave a few pumps and then was startled when he felt warm liquid run over the head. He looked at Sheridan who was quietly spitting onto the head of his cock. The liquid coated the head and ran down the sides lubricating the passageway he had made.

Sheridan looked around, the men had all shifted so they could get a good look. She smiled, bent her head down and opened her mouth. Friend 4 groaned as the head of his cock pushed between Sheridan's lips, her tongue swiping over the slit before it slid back out again.

Sheridan gently removed his hand from her breasts and replaced them with her own. With her hands on her tits, friend 4 put one of his hands on the back of her head, encouraging her to go lower and suck the head deep and hard.

Sheridan felt a hand push in between her thighs, reaching for her pussy. She widened her legs more, allowing easier access. Friend 5, rubbed his fingers over her labia. He parted her lips with his middle finger and coated his finger in her juices before rubbing her clit.

Sheridan's husband hadn't been lying earlier, they had sex most nights and sometimes in the morning too. So Sheridan was primed to go and copious amounts of fluid were running from her pussy. 

Friend 5 felt his hand become coated in her arousal and started to spread it all over her pussy, he used his whole hand, making her thighs and labia sticky. Friend 4 was bucking his hips, and with a final push, she felt the first spurt of cum. She sucked on the head and swirled her tongue over his opening, feeling his sperm shooting out over it. She sucked and swallowed his seed, before allowing it to slip out of her mouth. Friend 4 stumbled back, his cock now semi-flaccid. With jerky movements he pulled his trousers back up, made his way to his seat and fell onto the chair.

"My turn for a dare!" Mr Kingston called out. The bottle hadn't even been spun, but nobody seemed worried about that.

"I dare you to give my naughty wife ten hard spanks on the arse!"

Sheridan glared at her husband. Ten!! That was going to hurt. Mr Kingston pushed his chair back from the table and patted his knee. "Come along, Mrs Neville. You'd best not keep me waiting."

Sheridan walked over to her neighbour and lay over his lap. Both tits fell out of her open dress and the back rode up to the top of her thighs. Mr Kingston pulled her dress up to her waist. "Oh, someone is naughty! You're not wearing any knickers, my dear." Mr Kingston parted her legs and cupped her pussy from behind. "Were you hoping we'd see your naked pussy? I think you were, you're all wet. My hand is sticking to your thighs. You are a dirty little slut, aren't you?"

Sheridan shivered when he called her a slut, she had no idea Mr Kingston was the type to talk dirty . 'Oh, yes!' she thought, 'I'll be your little slut.' She thrust her backside out, reminding him she waiting for her spanking.

Mr Kingston caressed her naked bum before giving her a quick swat to each cheek. She groaned and bit her lip. Another two slaps, her tits swaying as her body jerked forward. She could feel heat spreading over her bum. She heard a groan and lifted her head. She had a direct view of friend 1. He had his cock in his hand, sliding it through his closed fist. His eyes riveted to her plump arse.

Two quick upward swipes to the lower parts of her cheeks had her groaning, shots of electricity raced through her nerves making her clit and nipples tingle. Friend 1 looked down when he heard the groan. Sheridan had raised her head. Her tits were hanging, full and ripe. He reached down with his free hand and plucked one of her nipples. He heard the crack of two more spanks, her breasts swaying as she was propelled forward. Mesmerised by the swaying, friend 1 slapped her breast, his fingers catching her nipple. Sheridan groaned at the sensation. Friend 1 could feel his orgasm building in his balls, he shuffled forward in his seat and grabbed Sheridan by the hair, pulling her head up as much as possible. Two more pumps of his hand and he was shooting his load onto her face. He couldn't remember the last time he had produced so much jiz, must have been when he was a much younger man.

Sheridan could feel the cum dripping down her face. Some dripped off her chin and down onto her right breast. Friend 1 wiped some of his cum from her faced with his finger and smeared it around her nipple, marking her with his seed. She licked her lips removing the semen coating them. "Hmmmm." She gazed into his eyes and bit her lip.

"Mr Neville, you are truly a lucky man. My dear wife, god rest her soul, didn't enjoy oral sex. She said it was only harlots who performed such a thing. But you my dear," he turned his gaze back to Sheridan, "You are an angel!" Sheridan beamed with pride at the praise.

Mr Kingston delivered his final two blows to her pussy, startling her before pushing two fingers into her sopping hole. The thrusting of his hand was pushing his knuckles into her clit and Sheridan found herself pushing back onto them. 

She could feel heat flooding her pussy and a familiar tingling in her clit. 'Oh my god, I'm going to cum,' she thought. Needing that extra fiction, she widened her legs, planted her feet on the floor and ground herself into his hand. "Ughhh." Her legs stiffened and she came on Mr Kingston's hand.

As she relaxed back onto his lap, Mr Kingston softened his movements trying to prolong the aftershocks of her orgasm as long as possible. "Oh, Mr Kingston!" she whispered breathlessly, "That was wonderful." Sheridan thought to herself, 'Why is Mrs Kingston so miserable when her husband is so skilled with his fingers?'

"Sheridan? I couldn't help but notice you're arsehole was quivering as I pleasured you. Have you ever enjoyed anal sex?"

Sheridan lifted herself from Mr Kinston knee and knelt on the floor beside him. "Oh, yes. I love feeling my little hole stretch open. I can feel every little movement. Stu makes sure he fucks my arse at least once a week, it drives me wild!"

"Wait a minute! You can do that?" Clive looked around the room an incredulous look on his face. "How do you get it in? It's such a small hole?"

It was Sheridan's husband who answered him. "Well, I usually use my tongue first, get her hole nice and wet, she likes it so much she starts to relax and I can get my tongue in and start to open her up. Then I just use spit or pussy juice on my cock and shove it in there. But you can use lube, or anything that's oily or greasy."

"Oh! We have olive oil in the kitchen. Would that work?" asked Clive.

"I tell you what, Clive. If you go and get the olive oil and another beer for me, I'll let you fuck her in the arse. She hasn't been fucked there this week. You'd like that wouldn't you, honey?"

Sheridan bit her lip shyly and glanced at Clive, nodding her head. She couldn't think of anything she'd like more. It was the fastest Clive had moved in about ten years as he ran into the kitchen and returned with a bottle of oil and a bottle of beer of Stu.

"I could only find extra virgin oil," he said with a smirk, the irony not lost on him. "I hope that's okay?"

Clive quickly removed his trousers. Sheridan could see that although, his balls were hanging quite low, his cock was stiff and proud. He walked over to Sheridan, pouring oil into his hand as he walked. Stopping in front of Sheridan he rubbed the oil over his shaft. She could smell the pungent smell of the oil and noticed the green colour of it in the glass bottle. 'Must be the good stuff,' she thought, her mouth watering with the smell.

Sheridan turned around and went down on all fours, glancing over her shoulder at Clive and smiling. Clive slowly went to his knees and shuffled forward until he was between her spread thighs. He poked an experimental finger into her rear entrance. He felt her pushing against the tip of his finger and it slid in. "It's so tight," he whispered in wonder. He continued pushing his finger in and out, he could feel the pressure lessen on his finger as her muscles relaxed. He pulled his finger out and lined his throbbing cock head up.
