 Sherry's activities as a newly minted slut continued almost on a daily basis for several weeks after her adult theater and video booth/gloryhole experiences. She was obsessed with her new-found sexual outlet. It was as if she had to relieve thirty plus years of sexual oppression by compressing as much depravity in as short a time span as possible. So many cocks to suck and fuck, so many pussies to eat but so little time!

She found herself staring at stranger's crotches to see if she could determine the size of their cock. She noticed for the first time how many women liked showing off their cunts to strangers by allowing their short skirts to rise just high enough to expose their pantyless shaven pussies. She saw them in malls, on busses, in restaurants, in parks and playgrounds, any damn place. Had the world suddenly changed? She couldn't imagine that all this pussy had always been on public display without her noticing. Of course, she happily added her own cunt to the mix. She never wore panties anymore and found herself pulling up her dress and opening her knees to let both men and women enjoy the view. She really enjoyed watching cocks harden as their owners took in the sight of her wet, hairy pussy.

She was surprised at how many women took advantage of her exhibitionism and even responded in kind. There was one couple in a mall food court where the woman first noticed Sherry's spread-eagle pussy view and nudged her husband. She leaned over to him and whispered in his ear smiling. They both looked back at Sherry's cunt and smiled at her. As Sherry smiled back and spread her legs even wider, the man reached under the table and hiked up his wife's dress to expose another beautiful and very moist cunt. As he gently stroked his wife's pussy lips, she reached under the table, unzipped his pants and extracted a very large and very erect cock. Their table was only about ten feet away and was situated such that no one other than Sherry could witness their naughtiness. After a few moments of mutual masturbation, they put themselves right then got up and left. As they were walking by, the woman leaned over to Sherry and said, "You have a wonderful cunt, honey. Maybe you'll share it with us sometime.", and left a card with just a phone number on it. Interesting, Sherry thought.

The session at the food court got her so hot and her pussy so wet, she couldn't just go home to dickless Jack. Besides he was out on the golf course knocking little white balls into little green holes. Whoopee!

Sherry got in her car and fingered herself as she drove to the Love Shack for an afternoon cum snack. She imagined a hard cock sticking through the hole squirting spurt after spurt of its warm cum down her throat. Yummy!

She parked in the back as usual so passer-bys couldn't see her car as she was still a little paranoid about friends or acquaintances discovering her new pastime. Dolly, the counter girl she met her first time in the Love Shack, was behind the counter and greeted Sherry with a smile and a wink, she said, "Hey girl, you look thirsty and ready for action.". As she handed the tokens to Sherry, she said, "There's lots of cock in the booths today and one really nice black couple. She's got huge tits and he's hung like Godzilla. Enjoy, sweetie. Maybe I'll come back and join you when my relief shows up." She handed Sherry a small pillow she kept behind the counter for special repeat women customers that they could place it on the floor and kneel on it while they sucked cock. The tiled floor could get pretty hard and uncomfortable after an afternoon of worshipping at the hole.

Sherry grabbed the pillow from her friend and went straight for the booths and her happy meal. Her cunt was slippery wet, her heart rate had quickened and her breathing increased in anticipation of what was to cum. As she entered the dark hallway, one of the booth doors opened and she scooted in just ahead of one of the six or seven men waiting for their turn. If she had been a man, there may have been a fight. These guys don't appreciate some guy just walking in and grabbing a booth they may have waited over and hour for. But they were happy to let a cum-slut like Sherry in the booth ahead of them for obvious reasons.

Sherry entered the bark booth and lifted her dress over her head. Since she didn't have on a bra or panties, she was totally naked except for her sandals. She could see the wavering light coming through one of the gloryholes and hear the sound of on-screen fucking indicating that the booth was occupied. She dropped in several tokens to light up her booth and sat on the stool, opened her legs and spread her cunt lips. As she began masturbating, she saw the hole darken as the occupant peeked through. Surprisingly, a cock did not follow. The occupant just pulled way. "Must be someone waiting for a cock to suck – man or woman", Sherry thought to herself. She kneeled on her pillow and peeked through the hole. Sure enough, she saw the back of some guy's head bobbing up and down on a very large and very black cock. He was sliding his hand up and down the bottom of the shaft as he sucked the upper half. Whoever he was he was giving the guy at the hole a really good blow job. Sherry was impressed with his skill.

As she was watching the action in the next booth, she heard a tapping on the other wall. She turned to see a wonderful sight. There was a very nice cock poking through the hole. It wasn't that long, about 61/2 – 7 inches, but it was very thick and had a very large helmet-like head. She really liked dicks like this. They were easy to deep throat and she liked to run her tongue around the large head while she sucked.

She hurriedly scooted her pillow over to the opposite wall and kneeled at the hole. She took the magnificent instrument in her hands and stroked it admiring its beauty. The hole was one of the larger ones so she could massage his balls as she stroked his cock. He had very large balls. She hoped that would mean lots of cum for her. She lowered her head and began using her tongue to bathe the large head and wash down the shaft all the while continuing to massage the large balls in one hand and stroking the thick cock with the other. As she sucked the entire cock into her warm mouth, her tongue continued to swirl around the head and shaft. The owner of the cock pushed hard against the wall and moaned. He whispered, "That's it, slut, suck it. Suck my fat cock. I want to shoot my juice down your slutty whore throat." "Sounds good to me.", Sherry thought as she increased the intensity and speed of her sucking. After about five minutes of her favorite activity, Sherry could feel the familiar tensing in the cock owner's balls and felt his humping intensify. She increased her sucking and stroking even more as she felt him reaching a climax. Then with one final spasm, the cum came gushing out. Spurt after spurt of thick, warm cum shot into Sherry's mouth. By now, she had learned to breathe though her nose as she gulped down the love juice. How she loved it!

When the eruption finally ended and the softening cock was withdrawn, the guy leaned to the hole and said, "Thanks, slut, that was fantastic." Sherry didn't mind being called a slut. She thought of the term as the ultimate compliment. She was a slut and proud of it.

As she wiped her mouth off and sucked the cum off the back of her hand, she turned back to the other hole to see what was shaking over there. The guy was sucking another cock which was obviously about to cum in his mouth judging from the intensity of his sucking and the thumping against the wall. As the cock emptied its load of cum in his mouth, the guy swallowed quickly and got it all. When he finished, he pulled back and continued stroking the shaft. It was then that Sherry got her first look at the cocksucker in the next booth. It was also then that her heart almost jumped out of her mouth. She had to gag herself with her own hand to keep her squeal from alerting the occupant of the booth to her reaction.

"Holy fucking shit!", she thought, "It's my fucking husband! It's the fucking dickless wonder! It's fucking Jack!"

She couldn't believe her eyes. She had to look again and again. But her eyes kept giving her the same incredible image. There was her wimpy husband on his knees licking cum off his lips after sucking god knows how many cocks through that damn hole.

"The mother fucking piece of shit has probably been doing this our whole marriage. No fucking wonder he's never been much a lover. I don't have a big cock to suck on!"

As Sherry contemplated this amazing discovery, something else just as amazing was happening. Her cunt was dripping wet. She was getting turned on! She had to admit that it was really hot watching Jack suck those guys off. What was that all about? She thought, "I guess if I can eat pussy, he can suck cocks. What the fuck, he's doing the same thing I am, the cum sucking slut."

She leaned over and looked back through the hole. Jack was now facing her with his ass rammed up against the hole and was getting a hard ass fucking from someone in the adjacent booth. His eyes were closed and he was thoroughly enjoying his cornholing. After the guy came in his ass, Jack turned around and grabbed the cock and sucked it clean. Nasty!

Sherry couldn't believe her eyes. This was just too hot for words. What was she going to do? Should she reveal herself to her husband and join him? Would it be too much of a shock for him? Oh, what to do.

Her thoughts were interrupted by a commotion at the opposite wall of her booth. She looked over and saw what was obviously a black female's hand waving her over. Fuck Jack, this was too good to miss. So she scooted over to look through the hole. She saw a spectacular sight indeed.

The was a totally naked black couple in the booth, probably the one Dolly mentioned. The woman was on her knees sucking on the biggest cock Sherry had ever seen. It was huge! The woman had tits to match her husband's cock. There were not only very large and natural, but were still very firm with very large pointy nipples. She had a completely bald cunt with large lips and a protruding clit. "Hot damn!", Sherry thought, "This should be great."

The beautiful black woman looked over at the hole as she continued to mouth the monster. She grinned around the cock and winked at Sherry. She withdrew her husband's cock from her mouth and waved it at Sherry mouthing the words, "Want some?". Sherry placed her fingers in the hole and ran them around the opening - the universally recognized suck sign.

The woman scooted over to the hole pulling the man by his cock. When she got to the hole, she leaned in and said, "Suck him dry, slut. Then you can suck on my big titties. If you're worthy, maybe we'll let you join us so you can fuck this big black cock and eat my beautiful black cunt. You'd like that wouldn't you, you white cumsucking bitch?"

"Shut up and shove that cock in here you back whore." Sherry said. She heard a little giggle as the woman guided the big black cock through the hole and into Sherry's waiting mouth. She couldn't get it down her throat fast enough. She sucked like it was the last cock on earth. She gave it her very best. In no time the big black hose was spraying its warm salty cum down her throat. She gulped down the nectar as fast as she could. It was like chugging a large stein of warm thick beer cum. She'd never swallowed so much cum from one cock at once. It was wonderful even though she almost choked.

As the man pulled his cock back through the hole, his wife stuck her large nipple and as much of her tit as possible into the hole. Sherry eagerly latched on to it and sucked and tongued the stiff black nipple. She could hear the woman moaning and say, "This white bitch really has a mouth on her." Her husband replied, "You're damn straight she does. I thought she was going to suck my dick clean off and swallow it whole."

After a few minutes of nipple sucking, the woman pulled her tit back through the hole. After the tit was gone, the woman leaned in to say, "Damn, honey, you're just what we need. Come over to our booth and you can feast on my hot cunt while you get this cock rammed up your ass and cunt. Come on, hurry up before we change our mind."

Sherry grabbed her dress, not bothering to put it on and hurried out of her booth completely naked except for her sandals. The woman had the door to their booth open and Sherry went right in. As the door shut, she could hear the gasps and exclamations from the guys waiting in the hallway. One of them quickly took her place in the booth she'd just left.

The couple both laughed as Sherry entered the booth naked and ready to fuck. "Damn, woman I think you may be even sluttier than me.", the black woman said."

She was sitting on the stool. Her husband was behind her cupping her tits in both of his large hands. As she spread her legs wide open, he lifted them up by placing his hands under her knees. She said, "On your knees, bitch, enjoy your black pussy feast." 

Sherry placed her pillow in front of the stool and kneeled on it as she leaned in and place her mouth over the big juicy pussy lips. Her tongue got busy licking up and down and penetrating the warm pussy licking up the hot cunt juice. As she took the engorged clit into her mouth for a good sucking, she rammed two fingers lubricated with pussy juice up the black woman's asshole. The woman responded with a low moaning throaty but muffled scream. Her hips were hunching Sherry's face in rhythm with her sucking and fingering. It wasn't long before the black woman was reaching an intense orgasm. She said, "Oh god you fucking white bitch, you're making me cum. Keep licking my black cunt and fingering my ass. I'm cumming! Oh, fuck, I'm cumming." Her entire body shivered, shook and quaked as she flooded Sherry's mouth with her pussy honey. She grabbed Sherry's head and pilled into her cunt so hard that Sherry thought she would suffocate.

When the orgasm was finally over, Sherry's head was released. She stayed on her knees gulping in air. The black women kneeled beside her and stroked Sherry's hair and whispered in her ear. "Sorry, baby, but you're just too damn good for your own health. I can't remember a better pussy licking. Now jump up on that stool so I can get your hot pussy ready for Stedman. By the way, I'm Juana, baby, what do we call you?" As Sherry slipped onto the stool, she said, "Sherry."

Juana knelt between Sherry's legs while Stedman reached down and held Sherry's legs up and apart. As Sherry balanced herself on the stool with her legs in the air (a tricky but doable feat), Juana dove in. Juana had a very long and very talented tongue. It felt like three women were eating her cunt. Her entire pussy and clit had disappeared into Juana's mouth and that long tongue was fucking her like a long hard cock. "Much more of this", she thought, and "I'll never make it to that big black monster." Just at that moment, Juana lifted her face off Sherry's cunt. As she stood up, Juana leaned in and gave Sherry a quick kiss and said, "Ready for the fucking of your life?" She took one of Sherry's legs from Stedman and moved out of the way and around Sherry's back as Stedman took the leg back and moved in for the kill. Sherry reached down and took the big black snake in her hands. She wrapped both her hands around his cock, neither reached all the way around, and there were still had about five inches and the head sticking out beyond her hands. She pulled Stedman closer and guided the cockhead into her hot dropping cunt. As the head was pushing in, Sherry felt Juana's hands wrap around her and begin massaging her boobs. Her cunt was quickly filled with the thickness of Stedman's cock. He began to slowly push in and out of her. It was all she could do to stay conscious. She had never felt anything like it. Juana was squeezing her breasts and pinching and twisting her nipples as she whispered in her ear, "Take it, bitch, take my husbands big slimy cock. Fuck him back, slut. Make him shoot his cum into you slutty cunt."

It was so intense! Sherry could feel her orgasm begin deep inside her body and explode outward. It was like a bomb going off inside her and shooting pussy juice out of her like fire hose. Just as she heard herself scream, Stedman grunted and cried out, "Here it cums, bitch, here cums the volcano erupting in you're slutty white cunt!" And that's just what happened. It was an eruption - a dual eruption. Both of them shook like two bull elephants and they came and came. Sherry's pussy was flooded with his cum and her pussy juice. The sex juice squirted out around the side of Stedman's cock splashing onto the floor.

When the earthquake or volcano or whatever it was finally stopped, Sherry was startled to hear pounding on the door to the booth. "Sherry, are you okay in there? What are they doing to you, girl? It's Dolly. Answer me!" Sherry recovered enough to say, "It's okay, Dolly. Everything's just fine. I'm fine. I just had the fucking of my life and I'm a little woozy, but I'm fine. I'll be out in a minute." "Okay, darling, I'll see you out here later. I was just checking. You sounded like you were being murdered in there."

As they were all dressing, Juana handed Sherry a card with a phone number on it and said, "Please call us. We want more of this." They were gone before Sherry could answer. She stood there a moment staring at the card and remembering the card from the couple at the mall. Both had a small but distinctive symbol of interlocking male and female gender emblems. Sherry's wondered what that meant as she pulled the dress over her head and exited the booth.

She was in her car before she remembered her earlier startling discovery. Her dickless wonder of a husband sucking cock and getting ass-fucked. What was she going to do about that?