 "You two can't be serious!" Sheryl said with a look of shock and amazement.

It was a serious proposition put forth in a calm manner that wouldn't upset Sheryl, but there was no possible way to ever predict someone's reaction to an unexpected and unsolicited opportunity.

"But we are," insisted John smiling, his arm around his wife Penny's shoulder.

Penny nodded her head enthusiastically. "We figured you'd be open to it because you've done a lot of nature photography."

"Geez," Sheryl said, trying to think of something intelligent to say. "It's one thing to take pictures of birds in flight..." she trailed off.

"Well you can think of this as photographing the birds and the bees," giggled Penny, always ready with a quip.

Sheryl laughed nervously as she carefully considered her answer to her two friends. They had been married five years and seemed a happy couple. She had always been single, bringing a parade of different men over to meet them, with never a negative comment. John and Penny's sex life, she knew, veered slightly towards kinky, but they had always kept the details a little fuzzy, which Sheryl found all the more mysterious and alluring. But what they had proposed to her was like nothing she had ever considered before.

"Okay," she agreed, her voice somewhat shaky. "It's not like I have to get physically involved. When do you want to do this?"

"As soon as you can grab your camera and get back here," said John, a little too eagerly.

Penny hushed him and smiled at Sheryl. "Tonight would be good. A little time to think things over and get ready would be best for everyone."

It was nice of Penny to give Sheryl an easy out, but once she starting thinking about it, the more she was intrigued and turned on by the idea. She made her living as a teacher, but her obsession and hobby was outdoor photography, especially of wildlife. Her best friends had just asked her to photograph them as they had sex because they trusted her with documenting such an intimate and passionate act. Certainly she had seen porn movies of people having sex, but to actually take the pictures while the subjects were just a few feet away was another world entirely. She was a little embarrassed to admit to herself the more she thought about it, the wetter she became. Sheryl blushed, a hardly noticeable act under her deeply tanned skin.

Before she could leave, Penny gave her some last minute instructions and then sent her on her way. Back at her place she managed to find her cameras and equipment, loaded up on both color and black and white film and was out the door before she caught herself. She hadn't dressed as Penny had requested. A quick turn through her closet and dresser almost left her in despair. Sheryl had always considered herself an outdoors girl and tended toward plain cotton brief panties and sports bras. Luckily, having a large number of ex-boyfriends she was able to find in the bottom drawer of her dresser the required attire. After performing a quick change she was ready and out the door.

Her heart was pounding with anticipation as she drove back to John and Penny's but she didn't fully understand why. If she understood that her role was to record what they were doing, not to participate, then why did Penny ask her to change her clothes? It would be exciting to watch as they fucked, but she was nothing more than a prop really. She wasn't a participant, but an observer. Then she realized that, like watching a game, even the fans occasionally get more excited than the players.

Arriving back at Penny and John's she all but knocked down the door in her rush to get inside. Penny opened the door wearing a sheer robe and nothing else. Her broad smile split her face, framed by her short blond hair. "I'm glad you made it back so quickly," Penny said.

"Yeah, I, uh, hurried," Sheryl answered, lamely not wanting her friend to know how eager she was to see Penny fuck her husband. She stared at Penny's breasts through the thin material. The pretty blond was almost a head shorter than her, fine boned and thin featured, but her well-formed breasts were absolutely her best characteristic. Not too large or small, they sat up proudly on her chest. Her pale pink nipples were poking through the silk robe; they. too. were well proportioned for Penny's small size. Sheryl wanted to drop her gaze down to Penny's pussy, but stopped herself, realizing how long she had been staring.

"It's all right," Penny said. "I don't mind you looking." She winked and turned on her heel, leading Sheryl back into the house. The taller woman shook her head, wondered what she was getting herself into, then followed Penny's curvaceous rump. With Penny's eyes looking the other way, she was free to admire her friend's partially hidden ass under the short robe.

"I brought all of my equipment," she said, perhaps a bit too loudly, wanting to warn John that she was approaching. "You didn't say black and white or color film, so I brought both." She cleared her throat as they approached the bedroom. Penny hadn't said anything since she had opened the door. "You didn't say how you wanted to photograph this, so I was looking for a little guidance."

"We were thinking to do it as erotically as possible," said John as the two women walked through the bedroom door. While Penny's outfit left only a little to the imagination, John's left nothing. He was naked. Tall and thin, with a runner's build, Sheryl was surprised at how attractive he was. Her eyes immediately dropped to his crotch. His cock, while not enormous, was decently sized, not the largest or smallest she had ever seen. 

"Uh, yeah," responded Sheryl, distracted by seeing him naked. She knew it was inevitable, but the lack of disrobing shocked her.

Penny smiled at her friend's lack of focus. Sheryl's eyes couldn't leave John's body. It wasn't that the amateur photographer was a voyeur, it was just the incongruity of seeing him clothed an hour early, and now standing casually naked in his bedroom. She could feel wetness beginning to pool in her crotch.

"Why don't we all get a little more comfortable," said Penny, trying to bring Sheryl's attention back to where it was needed. "You have you cameras ready?" she asked.

"Yeah, I just want to get some film loaded first, and have some more ready. I don't know how many rolls I'll go through."

"Hopefully a lot," said John, smiling. "I don't want to last just a minute or two."

Sheryl giggled nervously, becoming very self conscious of herself and her every action. "I'm sure that won't happen," she said, wanting to compliment John. There had always been a low level of flirtation between the two, but John had never pressed her and Sheryl could never have acted because her friend Penny was married to the man.

"Okay you two," said Penny. "Let's bring your attention back to me, where it belongs. After all, I am the woman, I deserve all the attention in the room."

"I'm halfway there," said John. Sheryl's looked up from her cameras and back to his cock. He was half erect, not pointing at the ceiling yet, but his penis was already defying gravity.

"Let me help some more," Penny said, dropping to her knees and kissing him lightly on the side of his cock. He stiffened even more. Sheryl got the impression that they were showing of for her sake. She didn't mind a bit.

"Take off your robe," ordered John. "We said we wanted skin only in the pictures, no props or decorations, remember?"

"Right," she agreed standing up. Penny loosened the belt that barely held the silk robe closed and dropped the thin material to the floor. Sheryl found herself staring again. Her friend wasn't an athlete or one given to working out, but her body was still a delight to behold. Soft curves and pale skin that had spent a lifetime shielded from the sun were her primary attributes. Penny's generous breasts capped with pale, and now fully erect, nipples made Sheryl jealous. She carefully noted that Penny's pussy was well-manicured. Not shaved bare, but held to a classic triangle of hair that served to reveal, not hide, her labia. As many were delighted to discover, Penny was a natural blonde; the hair on her head was a fine, light gold, but that between her legs tended toward bronze, a definite shade lighter than her lover's light brown. Sheryl wiggled self-consciously, knowing what Penny would expect next.

"We can't have you standing there in your street clothes," Penny said. "Strip down and get comfortable."

"Strip?" asked Sheryl. This wasn't what Penny had said earlier.

Penny smiled. "You know what I mean. Get down to your undies. If you're taking the pictures we want to have something tasty to look at while we fuck, not some impersonal photographer. We want intimacy."

Sheryl hesitated a moment, fingering the buttons on her shirt, uncertain as how to proceed. Realizing both John and Penny were watching her, she gave in to her adventurous side and started unbuttoning her shirt. "I don't want the two of you to think any less of me for doing this," she said.

John chuckled. "Why would we think less of you for taking pictures of us fucking?" he asked.

She opened her mouth in an attempt to explain, but found she couldn't form the words. "Never mind," she said, shrugging, then quickly undid all the buttons and dropped the shirt to the floor, trying to pretend she wasn't self-conscious about her near nudity. The fact her friends were already unclothed and obviously eager to begin fucking did not seem to impress her. Under her unremarkable work shirt she had covered her breasts with a pale pink camisole that was all but see-through. John wondered if she was aware her dark brown nipples were obviously visible through the thin material.

Sheryl had a middling complexion that was darkened by her hours out of doors. White stripes of her tan line marked her shoulders and the band around her breasts. If either Penny or John had moved their eyes from Sheryl's tits they would have noticed a slight reddening of her face as she blushed.

Not wanting to delay her disrobing further, Sheryl immediately moved on to her jeans which she unbuttoned and unzipped without hesitation, pulled them down and kicked the heavy denim away. She wore a pair of pink panties that matched her camisole. It was covered with small white hearts. Penny immediately guessed that it they were a gift from an old boyfriend. Sheryl's tan lines were more evident around her hips. A thick band of white separated her tanned thighs from her tanned belly. The panties only covered a small portion of Sheryl's loins and John was wondering what she still had hidden. Penny was glad her friend had kept her part of the bargain and saw no reason to cause her any embarrassment with questions about her choice of lingerie.

"Shall we really begin now?" she asked her husband, pulling him to the bed by his rigid cock.

"Right," agreed Sheryl, not realizing Penny was speaking to John. She found her camera and put her eye to the viewfinder. "Just go ahead and be natural," she said, finding the focus. "Oh, you're already..." but she trailed off as her friends were already ignoring her and concentrating on each other. She pressed the shutter control, clicking the first picture.

Penny had forced John onto his back and had swallowed half his cock when Sheryl took the first shot. More clicks of the shutter showed John's cock alternately disappearing and reappearing in Penny's lips. She paused a moment in fellating her husband, just holding the head of his manhood between her lips so Sheryl could move in close and get several shots. When she moved back, John suddenly flipped Penny over onto her back and forced her legs apart.

"Ohh," Penny moaned as he lowered his head between her legs, paused a moment to inhale her musky sweet scent, allowing a few more photos to be snapped, then he buried his face into her bronze bush. Sheryl was just able to focus on the obvious wetness that was seeping out between Penny's labia before she was blocked by John's head. Sheryl squirmed, pressing her thighs together in an effort to relieve some of her own sexual tension, as she quickly changed the film in the camera and prepared to shoot some more pictures. She couldn't believe an entire roll had already been used up on only the preliminaries. What she didn't see was a slowly spreading wet spot on the crotch of her panties.

Penny reached up and gently twisted her nipples as John ate her out. His tongue caused her to try and squeeze her thighs together. He kept them forced apart and continued to work on her quim. A moan escaped her lips; the only noise in the room beyond the click of Sheryl's camera. She anxiously again rubbed her thighs against each other, making the small wet spot on her panties slowly increase in size. John and Penny had all but forgotten about her. Quickly she reloaded her camera and concentrated on the two lovers on the bed.

Penny groaned deeply, let go of her tits, and grabbed her sides of her husband's head. She pulled him up to her. Sheryl managed a brief picture of Penny's juices on his face before the two met in a kiss. Almost without thinking, Sheryl stopped shooting for the moment seemed too personal, too intimate for her intrusion. Then reality overcame her when she remembered she had been invited to record their tryst. She dropped the angle on the camera and managed to document John's cock entering Penny's lightly furred pussy. His wanton wife threw her arms around her neck and wrapped her legs around his waist. They began fucking in earnest now. 

Sheryl tried to record every thrust and every moment made by the loving couple, fighting her every urge to drop her hand down between her own legs and anxiously jill herself off to some relief. It was easy to believe that John and Penny had completely forgotten about her. Almost unbidden a slight moan escaped her lips. As if one person, the couple on the bed looked over at her. Mortified, Sheryl almost dropped her camera. "Sorry," she mumbled, pulling the camera back over he face so that she might partially hide from her friends.

"Don't be," Penny said to reassure her. "There's no reason why you can't enjoy yourself too." John just went back to his thrusting. Sheryl, encouraged by Penny's kind words, smiled and began clicking happily with her camera again.

"I think John's going to come soon," she said, grunting slightly each time her husband thrust into her.

"How can you tell?" asked Sheryl, almost whispering.

"A wife knows," Penny said, grinning wickedly. "Get ready for some good shots."

"Hold on, John," called Sheryl, finishing off another roll of film. With fumbling fingers she managed another quick reload and put the camera back to her eye. "Go on now!" she commanded, eager to see what the couple would do next.

John started rapidly thrusting into his wife as if he were eager to come and fill her with his sticky seed, but she wasn't about to allow him that pleasure. She unwrapped her legs from his waist and pushed him away. Both groaned in anguish as their genitals lost contact. Penny reached for lover's cock and wrapped her fingers around his rigid and wet member. With a strong tug she pulled him forward, then stopped him with her other hand pressed against his chest. A few strokes of his cock as he knelt between her legs was all it took to finish him off. A great spray of milky white semen spurted from the end of his cock and landed on the slight valley between Penny's tits. She gave a small cry of surprise. Another spurt erupted out of him and this time landed on her stomach, just above and to the right of her navel. A third eruption was weaker still and landed on the blond hairs of her bush. John let out a heavy breath and rocked back on his heels. He remained kneeling between his wife's splayed legs, his cock half-erect, dripping his leavings on her pussy.

Penny let go of his cock and stretched out her body, enjoying the pleasure she had received. Sheryl continued taking photos, not wanting the moment to stop. The semen began to cool and Penny ran her hands down over her tits, found the sticky solution, and rubbed it into her skin. Her supple fingers slid further down and found the spunk on her stomach and pubic hair. This, too, she rubbed into her skin. John watched as his wife impassively. Sheryl watched in amazement. It had never occurred to her to do such a thing with a man's come. It had never dawned upon her to even encourage a lover to mark her skin with his semen. 

"Why don't you clean up, hon?" Penny said to John. He nodded in agreement, rolled off the bed and padded out of the room, past Sheryl, and into the bathroom.

"You didn't get to come," said Sheryl softly, disappointed she hadn't seen her best friend in the throes of passion's embrace.

"Don't worry, I will soon. " said Penny, dreamily. "Did you get all of that on film?"

"Yes," said Sheryl, watching Penny's hands caress herself. Her fingers wandered over her body, the semen was now gone, having been worked into the pale smooth skin. She lingered at her nipples and pussy, but didn't push herself over the brink yet.

"Did he get any on you?" Penny asked with a laugh.

"No," was her reply, with a half a giggle. "I think he saved it all for you."

"Mmm," was Penny's dreamy reply. "I'm glad you enjoyed the show."

"I'm happy to have helped you out," said Sheryl, pulling the film from her camera and loading yet another. She snapped a few pictures of Penny while her friend continued to caress herself.

"You did more than that," Penny pointed out. "You enjoyed yourself."

"What?"

Penny pointed at her friend's crotch. The wet spot at the front of her heart covered panties was large and obvious. "You're as wet as I am. You need an orgasm too, I bet."

"That's not all about Sheryl," said John, returning to the room. "She wears slutty girl panties." He smiled at her casually and laid down next to his wife. His cock was flaccid and freshly washed. Sheryl was too stunned to reply to his coarse assessment of her.

"You do not!" Penny accused. "Turn around!" she ordered.

Not knowing what else to do Sheryl slowly rotated a half turn exposing her bare ass cheeks to the married couple. Penny giggled. John gazed in admiration. "You've got a nice ass," he complimented her.

Penny was slightly put off. "I can't believe you're wearing a thong!" she said angrily. "Those are only for sluts!"

"I'm not the one who just..." Sheryl trailed off. Exactly what had Penny just done? "Just had sex with her husband and...and..."

"Had her picture taken?" asked Penny archly. "Tra-la-la," she said dismissively. "I bet you ARE wetter than me." To prove her point she jumped off the bed and pushed her friend back against the wall. Taking not a moment to hesitate she slipped her fingers down Sheryl's panties to assess the state of her arousal.

Sheryl was wet. Wetter than if she had just anointed herself with half a tube of KY jelly. She was also, Penny was surprised to discover, completely shaven of all pubic hair. "You brazen hussy," she breathed, pressing her body against Sheryl's, enjoying the sensation of her friend's tanned skin against her own paleness. "John," she called to her husband. "She shaves herself clean."

"I know," he answered from his reclining position on the bed. He had idly begun stroking his cock, watching the two supple bodies of the women make contact.

Penny whirled about and narrowed her eyes on her husband. "How do you know?" she asked in an accusatory tone.

"She doesn't have bush bulge in her panties," he shrugged. "Plus they got so wet so quickly, she couldn't have any hair down there."

"Her cunt's she's as smooth as wet silk." Penny still hadn't removed her hand from the outside of her friend's pussy and now began to stroke the slick outer lips. Sheryl finally managed to come to her senses and started reacting to the strange situation.
