 I don’t normally participate in chat rooms, but I wanted to share this with someone. I used to talk to my friend, Erica, about things like this, but she doesn’t really get me anymore. My name’s Robin, by the way. To put it nicely, I’ve been experimenting with sex a lot lately. I’m not sure what’s happened to me. Since a couple of recent episodes after breaking up with my boyfriend, I seem to crave sex all of the time. Erica is afraid I’m becoming a nymphomaniac. She might be right. I’m 25-years-old. I’m 5’6 and weigh 115 lbs. My measurements are 35C-23-35. I have light-brown hair with blonde highlights.

I’m traveling on business to Chicago tomorrow to meet my vice president for a big trade show. She left earlier in the week. Work has kept me busy prepping for the show. I had a bunch of materials to take down to shipping. The guys down there are a bit crass. They like to tease the younger women in the office, and I’ve grown to take their comments lightly.

I’d never before acknowledged their remarks, but the way I’ve felt lately--fantasizing about sex all of the time--I wondered what they’d do if I called them out. Three guys work in shipping. They’re probably in their mid-to-late 20s and pretty well built. I’ve noticed their muscular chests and shoulders beneath their t-shirts. 

They obviously weren’t expecting much work on a Friday, as no one was at the receiving desk. It’s well-known that these guys smoke a little dope when no one’s around. I waited patiently for a while, but I noticed the faint scent of weed in the air. After a few minutes I rang the bell. Doug, the manager, shuffled out.

“Hey, Robin,” he said with a sly smile. “You got something going out, huh?”

“Yes,” I said setting my packages on the counter. “These have to be in Chicago first thing tomorrow.”

He nodded inattentively. He made no effort to hide the fact that he was looking me over. Most women would have been insulted by the way his glaze went up and down my body, finally fixing on my breasts. I, however, found this attention extremely arousing. The fact that I was at work made my inappropriate thoughts even more appealing. I rolled my shoulders back slightly, so that my breasts pressed snugly against my pink button-down.

“So can you handle it, Doug?” I said.

“Handle what? Oh, right, the packages. Sure thing,” he said, still staring.

“Is there anything else you need?”

“Nope. You’re all set,” he said. “Now comes my favorite part.”

“What do you mean?”

“Now I get to watch your bum wiggle as you walk away,” he said with a broad smirk.

I blushed for just a moment, but then Doug seemed taken aback when I grinned at him. “You know what your problem is?” I said. “You’re all talk. Be sure to watch closely, Doug.”

I strutted slowly down the hall. Right before I turned toward the elevator, I glanced over my shoulder at Doug, making certain that he was still eying me. Sticking my bottom out, I pulled the back of my tight skirt over my round bottom, completely exposing my white cheeks and pink thong panties. Doug’s jaw hung open. I was nearly laughing out loud when I stepped on the elevator. My heart was pounding and my hands trembled in excitement. I couldn’t believe I did that at work.

Of course, when I got back to my desk it was nearly impossible to get anything done. My panties were soaked, and I’m sure my face was flushed. The rest of the work-day was uneventful. Right before quitting time, the phone rang.

“Um, Robin, this is Tim in shipping. I know you dropped some stuff off with Doug, but we can’t get it out unless you fill out the express slip.”

Tim’s the younger guy down there. I think he goes to night school; anyway, he’s a cutie. But I was annoyed that they didn’t get those packages out yet. “Tim, I told Doug that those needed to go out right away. Can’t you fill out the slip for me?”

“I wish I could, but I don’t have all the information and it needs your signature and cost center,” he said. “Sorry about the confusion. Maybe if you get down her now we can get it out in time.”

“They better go out on time, or I’m out of a job,” I said. “I’m on my way down now.”

While I was somewhat nervous, because of mooning Doug earlier, I was more upset that they didn’t send my materials. My boss will be pissed, I thought. I walked quickly down the hall toward the shipping desk. This time, all three guys were sitting at the front desk. Doug especially wore a big toothy grin.

“Where’s the form I need to fill out?” I practically yelled.

“Relax, Robin,” said Doug “I sent those out 10 minutes after you left.”

“What’s this all about then? Tim, why did you call me?”

“I told him to,” said Doug. “I just thought you might like to give me another show.”

I was certainly relieved to know the packages were out, but now I was unsure of what to do. I stood there dumbly for a moment looking at the three of them as they gawked at me; they were practically drooling. I could feel their excitement and tension in the air. For a moment I wasn’t sure if I wanted to do this at work; I could almost hear my heart beating in excitement. Of course, I couldn’t help myself.

“I thought you were all talk, Doug,” I said with a slight smile. I walked slowly around the counter and toward the backroom. Looking over my shoulder at the three of them, I motioned for them to follow me with a head nod.

I’d never been to the backroom of the shipping department. It was pretty much what you’d expect: a beat-up old desk, a ton of boxes on mettle shelves, and a radio tuned to the classic rock station.

“So you guys want a show, huh?” I teased, taking the clip out of my hair. I ran my fingers through my blonde-highlighted locks, which bounced to my shoulders. “Have a seat, and I’ll see what I can do.”

I walked to the radio and turned up the volume. It was playing Aerosmith’s “Crazy,” a nice, slow rock song. I wet my lips and grinned slyly at the boys. I knew exactly what I wanted to do, and there was no stopping me now.

I teased my hair and rolled my curvy hips to the rhythm of the song. The guys broke out a joint, but didn’t take an eye off of me. I danced in slow circles at first, unfastening the first couple of buttons of my blouse to show off my cleavage and the top of my pink lace bra. I then unzipped the side of my skirt. Facing my bottom to them, I eased my skirt over my round cheeks and let it slid down my shapely legs. I danced closer to the guys, slowly unbuttoning my blouse until it hung open, revealing my firm belly. I slipped it over my shoulders and handed it to Tim. Doug was sitting in the chair, so I straddled him. I rolled my pelvis close to his face, and then I eased myself onto his lap. His warm callused palms pressed against my supple bottom, as I gave him a lapdance. I practically dry humped him to the music; reaching back I unfastened my bra. Arching my back so that my breasts were pointing at his face, I let my bra fall. His eyes bulged at the sight of my large milky-white breasts.

Just as he was about to take one of my rosy, erect nipples into his mouth, I stood up. I gave him a sassy smile as I danced away. Tim and Jon sat on the desk. I massaged my breasts while I stared at them. I danced in a half circle and ran my hands down my belly to my hips. Slipping my thumbs beneath my panties, I stuck my ass out. I bent slowly, as I peeled off my pink thong. I palmed my cheeks, spreading them so the boys could see my pink wet cherry. They leaned forward--close enough that they could probably smell my juices.

I turned back to them, and slipped my hand to my clit. Massaging it, I bit my lower lip. “Oh, this is your lucky day, boys,” I sighed. “I’m going to give you the time of your lives. Now strip for me.” I continued to masturbate while they quickly undressed. I love blue-collar guys. They’re much more masculine than the guys in the office. I giggled when I noticed that their cocks were practically erect.

I went after Tim first. I’ve had a crush on him for some time. I pressed my body against his. His skin felt so warm as his muscular arms wrapped around me. We kissed softly. Then I kissed his cheek to his neck. I continued tasting his musky skin, kissing down his chest and hard stomach. I was kneeling now, and licked his inner thigh all the way up to his sack. My small hand wrapped around the base of his half-stiff cock, when I took his hot, big balls into my mouth. I sucked softly on them, while my palm gently massaged his member. My heart raced, when I felt it become more and more firm in my hand. I instinctively took a deep breath, when Jon’s warm tongue pressed against my dripping slit. I glanced down to see that he was laying on the floor with his head between my inner thighs.

I moaned as Jon’s tongue continued to press deeper within me. I pressed my pussy into his face, as I licked the soft skin of Tim’s long cock. My mouth watered when I finally got the thick tip. I immediately slid my lips down the entire shaft until his course pubic hair tickled my nose. Tim let out a loud groan as my full lips glided up and down his fat penis. I relaxed my throat, allowing him to invade deep within.

Suddenly I bucked my hips as Jon sucked hard on my swollen clit. I moaned deeply when I climaxed; practically drowning poor Jon in my vaginal juices. I slid Tim’s rod from my mouth, just as I came. “Oh God yeah!” I yelled, licking his cock while I gave him a hand job. “I’m cumming, baby!”

Jon didn’t stop licking my pussy as I recovered. Feeling heady and aching for their manhood, I caught my breath for a moment. Until then, I hadn’t thought about where Doug was. I glanced to my left to see him pointing a camcorder at me.

“Smile for the birdie, Robin!”

But I was too aroused to think straight. I knew that I didn’t want him filming me, but I wanted to get fucked more. I stood and practically shoved Tim to the chair. I jumped on top of him and aimed his thick penis at my puffy wet slit. His palms massaged my engorged breasts while he sucked hard on my erect nipples. I pressed the tip of his rod to my pussy, took a deep breath, and lowered myself on to him. His fat cock spread my slick hole wide. I hesitated for just a moment because he’s so damn big, but he couldn’t wait. Biting my tit, he grabbed my hips and shoved me down.

“Oh fuck that’s deep,” I screamed. I rocked my hips into him, so my pussy would get used to his size. I began riding him, tentatively at first. He sure knew how to suck on my tits; I felt a tingling sensation across my entire body. Then I was awash in a warm flash, and I knew another orgasm was fast approaching.

“Oh, Tim,” I cried. “I’ve wanted you for so long!”

“Your body’s amazing, Robin,” he whispered. “Are you gonna cum for me, baby?”

“OH GOD YES! YES! YES! FUCK ME, TIM! FUCK ME!”

I bounced up and down furiously on his fat cock. My entire body quivered from wave after wave of ecstasy. I plopped down hard on his lap and rolled my pussy into him so that his big prick was as far as it could go. I kissed him hard; our tongues rolled and tickled each other. My orgasms finally ended, and I hugged Tim’s broad shoulders tightly. Catching my breath, I felt him push his cock in and out of me slowly. He was so sweet and sexy that I wanted nothing more than to get him off. I pressed my breasts against his muscular chest and breathed in his ear, while I eased myself up and down on his gigantic dick.

“Oh, Tim, you can fuck me anytime you want,” I whispered, as my nipples brushed up and down his chest. “But right now I want to taste your cum.”

“Oh, yeah, keep riding me, and I’ll get there soon,” he said, squeezing my narrow waist and pushing himself deep within me. “Just like that, Robin. Keep it up, baby.” I felt his hips twitch beneath me, so I rode him faster. His eyes widened. “You want a mouthful?” he asked.

“Yes, baby, I want a drink!”

“Suck it now, Robin! Suck me, baby! Suck me!” I hopped off and swallowed the full length of his shaft. Just in time, too. Globs of his tasty, sperm coated the back of my throat. I sucked lightly on his cock, milking the last drops of his delightfully bitter cum.

“Mmmmm, that was delicious,” I said with a smile, looking up at Tim’s beaming face. I noticed Doug was standing close, shoving his camcorder in my face.

“Take this thing, Tim,” he said. “It’s our turn. Don’t miss anything!”

To be perfectly honest, the thought of being videotaped began to grow on me. I imagined Doug watching it some night alone, probably playing with himself. I looked at the camera and licked my lips seductively. “That was yummy,” I cooed.

Doug pulled me to a standing position and sucked on my nipples fiercely. “Slow down, killer,” I said. “Don’t worry. You’ll get yours.” I took hold of his stiff penis, which was nice, but not quite as large as Tim or Jon’s. And I walked him to a large box nearby. I bent over it and glance over my shoulder at him. From our earlier exchange, I knew how fond he was of my bottom. “This should give you a nice view of my ass, Doug,” I said. “I know how much you want it.” Doug pressed his hard-on toward my waiting moistness. Arching my back I shove my butt into him, my pussy easily accepting his pole.

“Oh fuck that’s nice!” he said. He gripped my fleshy hips and pulled me into him forcefully. I could hear him slapping hard against my slightly chubby rump with every thrust.

“Go ahead and fuck me, Doug!” I yelled. I liked how he was a little rough with me. “Fuck me hard! Harder! Harder, you bastard!”

Looking back at him, I saw him grimace as he powerfully speared me with his fuck-pipe. I turned to Jon with a sexy smile. “Come here, Jon. I want to give you a kiss.” While Doug pounded me from behind, I teased Jon’s cock and balls. Jerking him off slowly, I looked up to him. “Oh, Jon, you want me to blow you so badly. Don’t you?”

“Oh fuck yeah,” he groaned. I tickled the tip of his cock with my tongue.

“You want to fuck my mouth?” I purred.

“You know I do, Robin. Please, blow me,” he said.

“Go ahead and fuck my mouth then, Jon,” I said, and then wrapped my wet lips around him. He immediately grabbed my hair with both hands and plunged his long dick down my throat. The three of us got into a fast, steady rhythm. I bobbed my head on Jon’s cock and shoved my pussy into Doug’s rapidly.

“Mmm, mmm, mmmm,” I moaned as the sensation of two fine dicks nearly sent me over the edge. When Doug reach around and pinched my hard nipples, I reached climax again. “MMMMMMM! MMMMMMMMM!” I couldn’t break free from Jon’s grip to take a breath, as my body trembled. The two of them held me tightly in place, forcing me to cum again. I shuddered when my orgasm ended. I broke from Jon’s dick long enough to plead, “I want to fuck you both! Please let me fuck you!”

They let me up. Jon lay on the floor, and I slid my dripping pussy on to his prick. He braced me by holding my breasts. I reached back and spread my cheeks wide. “Doug, you can put it in my ass if you want to,” I said. I could tell by his shocked expression that this blew his mind.

“Fuck yeah I want to tap your ass,” he blurted, quickly positioning himself behind me. His cock was still slick from my pussy. I looked over my shoulder at him as he took aim. The head of his cock felt warm pressed against my tight hole. I panted and groaned as my anus widened around his rod. “Ouch!” I whined, as he shoved it all the way inside of me. This was the sensation I’d been craving. My entire body felt warm and full. I began bouncing into them, and soon I climaxed again. With tears streaming down my face, I cried out, “NOW FUCK ME! PLEASE FUCK ME!”

I couldn’t control my body, but luckily I didn’t need to. Jon and Doug had a firm grip of me, as they held me in place and slammed themselves into me. Feeling a mixture of pleasure and pain, I sobbed and moaned at the same time. Finally, I was begging for their mercy.

“I’ll take it any way you want,” I pleaded. “Please cum. Please! Please!”

“Oh fuck! Make sure you film this,” Doug yelled to Tim. Doug pulled his dick out of my ass and pressed it to my face. He yanked on my hair as he beat himself off. “Tell me you want it, Robin!” he said.

“Please spray me with your cum, Doug!”

“Open wide,” he said. I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue. He grunted as he gushed semen all over my face. It felt hot and sticky against my skin. I swallowed what I could, and then he let me suck the last drops out. Tim held the camcorder close to me as I looked into it and licked some drops of cum from my lips. “Mmmm, it’s so good,” I said, playing to the camera.

All this time I continued to hump Jon. “Oh good God,” he grunted. Jon suddenly rolled me to my back and held my legs in the air as he smashed into my pussy. Both of us moaned in unison with every one of his great thrusts. Suddenly, he straddled my waist and whacked himself off.

“Come on, baby,” I said. “Cum all over my tits.” I squeezed my breasts together while Jon spilled his boiling load on them. I rubbed his sticky sperm into my swollen boobs; he slipped his cock between my gooey mounds and humped my chest until he finished with a final, enormous squirt, which painted a white streak across my face. I giggled from the surprise. I couldn’t believe how much he soaked me.

“Goddamn that was great,” Jon said.

“I’m glad you boys had fun,” I said. 

Tim looked at me sheepishly and said, “I don’t suppose I could have another go at your cute ass. I mean, it just looked so damn good.”

I flashed him a grin and rolled to all fours. “Go ahead and give it to me, baby,” I said. Doug got me pretty loose back there, but Tim’s cock was longer and wider. He gently eased just the tip of it in, but I couldn’t wait. I pushed back hard, until my butt slapped against him. “Umph!” I gasped.

“Oh man that is so tight!” he hollered. “You have the sweetest ass I’ve ever seen!”

“Tim, I’d fuck you any way you’d like,” I said. “You have such a beautiful cock.” I looked at him over my shoulder, as he gazed at my bottom. He squeezed it playfully. He pulled his cock almost all the way out and then pushed it back in. My asshole ached, but I hardly cared. I wanted Tim to have the best sex he ever had. I sobbed quietly and then began rubbing my clit to take my mind off of the discomfort. Watching him fixate on my ass was such a turn on. I could tell how much he wanted to fuck me like this.

“You have such a perfect ass, Robin,” he said. “It’s so fucking perfect!”

“Cum inside my ass, Tim,” I begged. “Come on, baby. Give it to me. Give it to me. OUCH! FUCK! OUCH!” I screamed when he shoved it vigorously inside of me and exploded. He held it deep inside of me for a long moment while we caught our breath. Then he slowly pulled out, and I could feel his semen dribble from my gaping asshole.

“Hold still, Robin,” said Doug. “I’m getting a shot of this.”

Tim gave me some paper towels to clean up with. “Thanks, sweetie,” I said. “I hope we can get together again soon.”

“Me too,” he said.

They watched me get dressed. On my way out the door, I said, “Hey Doug!” When he looked, I hiked my skirt over my bum. I gave them a wink and strolled out the door. That was such a fantastic time. I’d love to pay them another visit tomorrow, but I have to meet my boss in Chicago. Oh well, maybe I’ll find something to do up there.