 Bob jumped at the sound of his ringing mobile phone. He'd been at a particularly nerve wracking part in his book and he smirked at his own silliness as he put his book down and picked up his mobile.

Stu Neville Calling

"Hello Stu, how are you?" 

"Hi Bob, I'm fine, thanks. Listen, are you at home right now?" Stu's voice was a little panicky as he spoke, causing Bob to sit upright.

"Yes. We're all at home. What's wrong?"

"I'm worried about Sheri. I'm away on business tonight and I was just watching the weather, it says there's a big storm at home." 

Bob glanced out of the window at the black sky, rain lashing down the windows as lightning lit up the dark sky.

"Well, Sheri has this thing about storms," Stu continued, "They scare the crap out of her, ever since she was a child. Anyway, I've tried calling her but she's not answering the landline or her mobile. Can one of you go round and check up on her, please. Take the spare key we gave you, she might be too scared to come to the door."

"Of course, Stu." Bob stood and started walking to get his shoes and coat on as he spoke, "I'll go round now and ring you back."

"Thanks, Bob. Look I know this is a real imposition, but would it be okay for Sheri to spend the night at your house. I would feel so much better knowing she was safe and being looked after."

"It's not an imposition at all. You know we think the world of both you and Sheridan." Bob shrugged his coat over his shoulder.

"You're a good friend, Bob. I know you guys will do whatever needs to be done to help Sheri relax. Whatever it takes, Bob. I know you guys will take good care of her."

Bob ended his call with Stu. His brothers had come out into the hallway and were looking at him questioningly.

"That was Stu on the phone. He's away for the night and Sheridan is terrified of storms, he asked me to go and get her and if she could stay with us tonight."

Both brothers murmured words of agreement as Bob took the Nevilles' spare key from the key rack by the door. He opened the front door, the wind blowing the rain into the entrance hall as he stepped out and closed the door behind him.

Another loud crack of thunder and Sheri screamed at the sound, burying herself deeper under the covers on her bed. She was shaking as tears rolled down her face. 'Dammit Stu, why did you have to be away tonight?' she thought to herself, curling her legs up towards her chest.

The door to Sheri's bedroom flew open, banging against the wall behind it. She sat up screaming as a hooded figure came towards her.

"Bloody hell, Sheridan," Bob pulled the hood of his raincoat down, "It's me!"

Sheridan flew out of bed and launched herself at Bob, he stumbled back as he caught her trembling body in his arms. "Hush now, I'm here." he comforted her, stroking her head whilst holding her tight to his body.

Even knowing she was scared, Bob couldn't help his body's reaction to her. The fruity smell of her shampoo as she pressed her face into his neck, the warmth of her body plastered against his, and her big, full tits pressed up against his chest.

Bob cleared his throat and pushed her away gently, "Let's get you a coat. You're coming home with me."

Jim and Clive jumped up from their seats at the sound of the front door opening. Within a few seconds Bob walked in clutching a shivering Sheridan to his side. He guided her over to the settee and sat down with her.

"I'll make her cup of tea. Jim you get the throw on the armchair, poor thing is shaking." Clive called as he quickly made his way to the kitchen.

Jim wrapped the throw blanket around Sheridan's shoulders and she clutched it to her chest.

Bob rose from the settee, "Let me get my phone so you can ring Stu and let him know you're ok."

The three brothers stood by the window looking at Sheridan while she talked to her husband. The throw around her shoulders had dropped as she animatedly waved her arm around. Her white t-shirt, wet from where she had pressed herself against Bob's coat, had become transparent.

The brothers had quickly learnt that Sheridan didn't like to wear a bra when she got home in the evening from work. Like a lot of women Sheridan couldn't wait to get out of the constraint around her chest after a long day. And her breasts could be seen quite clearly now through the wet material. Big and full, her nipples erect and pushing against the cotton.

"Jim? Stu wants to talk to you."

Lifting his eyes from her chest Jim made his way over to Sheridan and took the mobile she was holding out to him.

"Evening, Stu."

"Jim! I'm so grateful to you all for looking after Sheri like this. It's driving me crazy that I'm not there with her. She's always like this when there's a storm. I told Bob earlier to do whatever it takes to calm her down. I trust you guys and I know you'll take care of Sheri and all her needs." Stu chuckled when he said that last part. Jim chatted a minute or two longer before hanging up.

"Aghhh!" 

Jim's eyes flicked over at Sheridan. This was about the seventh time she'd screamed in about twenty minutes. He watched her sitting between Bob and Clive, both of them comforting her and making soothing sounds. After watching the three of them for a couple of minutes his attention returned to the newspaper he was reading.

Jim jumped at yet another scream. "Sheridan! That's enough!"

"She's scared, Jim. Leave her alone," Clive admonished him.

Softening his gaze and tone Jim called Sheridan over to him, "Sheridan, come and sit beside me."

Pulling herself away, Sheridan scurried over to Jim's armchair and knelt on the floor next to him.

"You do realise that you have screamed eight times in under 30 minutes, Sheridan."

"But I'm scared," she whimpered, fresh tears pooling in her eyes.

"Did something happen to you as a child during a storm?"

She shook her head.

"Then something as an adult?" Jim continued to question her.

Another shake of the head.

"Your fear is irrational. The storm is not going to hurt you. You are safe, with people who care for you. And quite frankly, you're making us all nervous with this constant screaming."

Sheridan's brow furrowed. Was she getting annoyed at Jim for not pampering to her?

"Why didn't you answer your phone when Stu called?"

"My phone was downstairs, and so is the only landline. I was too scared to leave my bed."

"And what does Stu do when he is at home and there is a storm?"

"He looks after me. He cuddles me and keeps me safe," she responded in a childlike voice.

"Stu rang here, beside himself with worry because you wouldn't answer his calls. Do you think that was fair to worry him like that?"

Sheridan glared at him and then slowly shook her head.

"You were in no danger. And you knew we were only next door if you needed company," Jim noticed that there had been a rumble of thunder while they had been talking but she hadn't reacted at all.

"You're a spoilt brat!" Jim ignored the gasps from his brothers. "You need to be punished for worrying us all."

Noticing the sudden shine in Sheridan's eyes and slight dilation of her pupils, Jim came to the conclusion that Sheridan was in fact a bit of an attention whore. 'Well,' he thought, 'She's going to get my attention now.'

Jim moved himself forward in his chair. "Lay across my lap, Sheridan."

Yes, there was a definite gleam in her eye as she scrambled up and over his lap. And it didn't go unnoticed that she lay facing away from the watching eyes of his brothers.

'The little minx,' he thought. 'This is what she wants.'

Jim glanced over at Bob and Clive, both now sitting to attention. The wiggle of Sheridan in his lap brought his focus back to her.

"Eight times you have disturbed me. So, I think eight smacks are in order. Don't you thinks so?"

"Yes, Jim," Sheridan whispered breathlessly.

Gathering the waistband of her black leggings in his hands, Jim slowly pulled them down. Sheridan lifted her hips to allow them to pass smoothly over her backside. Her plump, naked bottom was now exposed. Leaving her leggings at the junction of her knees, Jim began caressing the supple flesh.

"I'm not going to go easy on you, sweetheart. This is a punishment. Now everytime there is a storm, I want you to think of this moment and concentrate only on that."

The crack of his hand as it met soft flesh made everyone jump. The print of his hand left on her pale skin. As this was a punishment and not for pleasure, Jim continued smacking. Spreading the blows around, so as not to hurt her too much.

When the eighth and final blow had been dealt, Sheridan's bottom was bright red and he could feel the heat radiating from it. Without attempting to soothe her stinging flesh, he ordered her to sit bedside him once again.

Sheridan clambered off of his lap, trying to pull her leggings up as she went.

"I didn't tell you to pull them up, did I? You'll sit just like that until I tell you otherwise. And no more screaming nonsense. Do you understand?"

Sheridan nodded, her gaze dropping to the floor.

Jim picked up his discarded newspaper, focusing on the article he had been reading before.

Several minutes had passed and Sheridan was fidgeting on the floor. Her bottom was still smarting from the spanking and although the carpet she was sitting on was expensive, the fibres of wool felt rough on her sensitive flesh. The continuing storm was now going unnoticed by her as an edgy feeling grew in the pit of her stomach.

Jim had now read the same article three times, and still had no idea what it was about. He was fully attuned to the woman sitting at his feet, shifting nervously on what had to be a very sore bum. He was also fully aware that neither of his brothers had moved. Not attempting to talk to either him or Sheridan nor find something to do.

"Is there something you want or need, Sheridan? You only have to ask," Jim finally addressed her.

Sheridan mumbled something her gaze still focused on the carpet.

"I'm sorry? What was that?"

"I said, I'm horny!" Sheridan shouted at him, fire blazing in her eyes.

"Are you feeling neglected? I believe Stu told us you fuck at least once a day. What do you do when Stu is away on business?"

"I.. I use my vibrator."

"We don't happen to have any vibrators lying around. Not much call for them with only three old men in the house," Jim chuckled.

"But we did have implicit instructions from Stu to make sure you were well cared for and all your needs were met. Do we have your permission to take care of you, Sheridan?"

"Yes, oh yes, please."

"Take off your clothes and lay across my lap again. Now, don't look at me like that. You are not going to be punished."

Sheridan couldn't get to her feet quickly enough. She quickly discarded her leggings and pulled her now dry t-shirt over her head, dropping it on top of her leggings. 

She positioned herself back on Jim's lap. His legs were now tightly pressed together, meaning she was only supported by him on her abdomen. Her bottom and legs hanging off one side and her full breasts and upper body hanging on the other side.

Jim slowly caressed her naked back and still red bottom, feeling the heat, even through his own stinging palm. As he soothed his hand over her bum, she widened her legs, her thighs parting.

"Clive , why don't you come over and kiss this lovely, red arse better?"

All too happy to comply with his brother's request, Clive quickly crossed the room and knelt behind Sheridan. He peppered small kisses across the warm flesh as he got comfortable. Cupping the globes he progressed to open mouthed kisses, his tongue licking and his teeth nipping. He blew cooling breaths over the damp skin. The scent of her arousal filling him as she widened her legs.

Whilst his brother was busy with her rear end, Jim's hand found her hanging breasts. He squeezed, enjoying the weight of them in his hand. Even though he appreciated women of all shapes and sizes, he was particularly fond of a fuller woman. Curvaceous and soft whom he could fuck with abandon.

He plucked her hard nipples, pulling on them as they engorged with blood. He pinched them gently between thumb and index finger, and when he got no reaction he pinched them hard. Satisfied with her little gasps of pleasure he continued alternating between squeezing as much flesh as he could fit in his large hands and pinching her ripe nipples.

Clive pushed Sheridan's leg further apart. Opening her arse cheeks with his hands, he exposed her fully. Her cleanly shaved pussy opening, the outer lips swollen and the glistening with her juices, made Clive's mouth water. He dived straight in. He ran his flat tongue from clit to arsehole, feeling the muscles in her bum cheeks clench.

Digging his fingers into her flesh he buried his face into her most intimate parts. His tongue swirled around her hard clit before moving up and sliding into her opening. Her juices coated his tongue, sweet and musky. His nose was pressed against her tight arsehole and he could feel it twitching as he pushed his face into her.

Sheridan could feel her orgasm building. Jim's hands were unforgiving as they pinched, pulled and squeezed her aching breasts. Pushing her bum back against Clive's face as his tongue fucked her, she was vaguely aware of a buzzing sound.

Jim pulled his buzzing mobile from down the side of his armchair. Glancing at the caller name he answered his phone.

"Evening, Stu."

"Hi Jim! How's Sheri? Is she ok?"

"Oh, I think she's doing fine now. She certainly seems to be enjoying Clive's tongue in her pussy and nose up her arse."

"Sounds like I'm missing quite the show. And what are you and Bob doing?"

"Well, I did have both of my hands full with her luscious titties a minute ago," Jim laughed, "Now, it's just one hand pinching her hard little nipples, although they're not that little now. Poor Bob is just sitting there with an enormous hard on."

"Well make sure Bob doesn't get left out. Hey, pass the phone to Sheri, would you."

"Sheridan, Stu wants to talk to you."

Sheridan grabbed the mobile phone offered to her.

"Ughh, hi honey." 

"Hi baby, the fellas treating you good?"

"Hmmm, so good, Stu."

"Tell me, baby. Tell me what they're doing, and then, then I want to hear you scream."

"Oh Stu, I'm gonna cum, I can feel it. Clive is fucking my pussy with his tongue, pushing it in and out, his chin is rubbing on my clit, hmmm, and his nose, his nose keeps going in my arse. I can feel it pushing in."

"Are you wet, baby?"

"Oh god, yes!"

"What about your tits? Is Jim pinching them hard?"

"Umm, Stu. Little bolts of electricity are shooting from my nipples to my clit. And Jim spanked me! He said I was spoilt."

Clive could feel smalls spasms contracting in Sheridan's pussy, he knew she was close. Letting one cheek out of his firm grip, he began spanking her. Her moaning increased and her breathing became ragged as she thrust back onto his face. With a final smack, Sheridan came.

Sheridan dropped the phone as she clutched onto Jim's leg, her nails digging in through the material. She shrieked as her orgasm convulsed through her body.

Clive gently lapped at the juices leaking from Sheridan's pussy. When she finally stilled he pulled his face away from her and grinned.

Jim picked up the dropped phone, "Got to go, Stu. Your lovely wife has three very hard cocks to take care of." And with that he hung up.

"That was fantastic," Bob said standing up from the settee, a very obvious tenting at the front of his trousers. "What now?"

"Now?" responded Jim, "Now Sheridan has three very horny men to see to."

"Oh yes, please." Sheridan cried scrambling off of Jim's lap.

The brothers surrounded Sheridan, running their hands over her body. Caressing and squeezing her ample flesh. Admiring the pink flush over her skin and the telltale signs of arousal, nipples hard and jutting, her juices moistening the junction of her thighs.

"It's getting late, so I propose that Sheridan takes all of us at once."

All eyes widened at Jim's proposition as he once again took charge of the situation. His brothers followed his lead as he began removing his clothing. 

Sheridan admired the naked men standing in front of her. Time had been kind to them and she knew all three took care of themselves with their diet and exercise. She placed her hand in Jim's outstretched hand and he led her over to the rug in front of the fireplace.

"Bob, go and get the olive oil from the kitchen," he instructed before bending and taking one of Sheridan's nipples in his mouth.

Sheridan's head fell back in pleasure as Jim cupped her breast in his hand, his tongue making teasing circles around her nipple before he nipped it with his teeth. She felt the warm body of Clive as he pressed himself against her back. His warm breath on her neck as he kissed her.

Trailing a hand down her upper arm and over her hip, Clive couldn't help but wonder about the beautiful woman in front of him. Wonder how they'd been so fortunate to move next door to not only such wonderful neighbours, but with a willingness also to allow them to share this loving woman.

Sheridan felt Clive's hand slip between her legs from behind. Parting her legs as he ran his fingers over her damp pussy lips, before sliding a finger between the folds and into her welcoming body. A second finger quickly followed, and Sheridan groaned with the dual pleasure of having her nipples sucked whilst being finger fucked.

"I've got it!" Bob's excited cry interrupting them, "You know, I think the last time we used this bottle of virgin olive oil was at our barbecue."

"Bob lie down on the rug. Sheridan climb on top." Jim instructed.

Sheridan straddled herself over Bob and took his hard cock in her hand, marvelling at the heat and silky softness of his skin. She rubbed the head of his cock through her folds and over her tingling clit. Lining the head against her opening, she slowly lowered herself on his shaft.

Jim and Clive watched as Sheridan rode Bob's cock. Her tits bouncing up and down as she used her hands on his upper belly to help push herself up and down. Jim picked up the bottle of oil and poured a generous amount into his hand. He gripped his cock and ran his hand back and forth, the oil quickly warming and coating him.

Jim straddled his brother's legs behind Sheridan, and with a hand on her shoulder blade, he pushed her body down so that she was laying chest to chest with Bob.

"Both of you keep very still."

Jim rubbed his oil slick fingers over Sheridan's arsehole. He pushed one finger inside, sliding it in and out. A second finger was added, stretching her to receive his aching cock. He pressed the head of his cock against her tight bud, when the head breached the tight ring he rocked back and forth working himself in, inch by inch.

Sheridan let out a low moan at the exquisite bite of pain and pleasure. She relaxed her muscles gently pushing against the welcome intrusion. Finally Jim was fully inside her. She could feel the throb of both cocks that filled her wonderfully.

Slowly, ever so slowly the two men began moving, quickly working out a rhythm. Sliding in and out, waking up all of the nerves in both passages. And with the tight fit, Bob's cock was brushing easily against her clit.

"Clive, I think Sheridan should return the favour. Slide your cock into her beautiful mouth."

Clive didn't need to be told twice. He crouched down by Bob's shoulder, ignored the fact that his brother was laying inches from his dick, and grabbed Sheridan's hair pulling her head towards him.

Sheridan licked the leaking head. Her tongue swirled over his uretheral opening, catching the small offering before dipping the tip of her tongue in the little hole. She slid her warm, wet mouth down over the glans, sucking as she went.
