 This is an excerpt from the first part of a huge novel I published recently here at Literotica. Some readers may not be interested in a long read so I thought I'd post a few of the juicy sex scenes just to see what would happen.

*

Minnie turned the calculator so that Shelly could see the numbers on the little screen. The offensive amount of $462.78 showed in bright red.

"That much?" Shelly asked.

"I added it up four times," Minnie said flatly.

Shelly shoved the calculator to the center of the kitchen table with a flick of her wrist causing the thing to spin like a top. The number $462.78 appeared and disappeared, mocking her.

"How did we lose control of the household finances so badly?" Shelly asked miserably.

"That's just how short we are on the rent," Minnie said with equal misery. "I haven't calculated in utilities, food, school and personal expenses." Minnie sighed, pushed aside her long red hair, got up and plopped down boneless in one of the apartment's black lounge chairs, sweeping her long pretty legs onto the matching ottoman.

The chairs and ottoman, along with the matching sofa, were part of the reason for the budget short fall. Shelly bought the furniture thinking that her college grant check was due in a week. To Shelly's horror, the grant was not waiting for her. The check would not clear until the end of the month because of some bureaucratic fuck up. Since Minnie had put in half the money for the new furniture, she was tapped too.

"What about your boyfriend?" Shelly asked. "He's an electrician. They make good money, don't they?"

"Was my boyfriend," Minnie answered. "I dumped him for that dancer in the play I'm in. Dancers make shit. Maybe you could return the furniture?" Minnie added sounding hopeful.

"They were floor models, as is, no returns," Shelly said, quoting the sales person from the furniture store in a mocking male baritone. "That's what made it a steal at $480.00."

"Your family?" Minnie asked gently, knowing how touchy Shelly was about the subject.

"My family," Shelly echoed with an ugly sigh. She slumped low in the kitchen chair, her eyes barely at table level. Her family had wanted her to live in the dorms claiming that she was too loose with money to live off campus. She had fought tooth and nail to get her way. Her parents only relented because she had moved in with Lisa Ochi, the daughter of a friend of her mother. Lisa Ochi was a fellow student and probably the most boring girl that Shelly had ever met but her apartment was in a choice location in the heart of Waikiki.

Two months into the semester though, Lisa met a guy from California, fell in love, got pregnant and ran off to the Mainland with him, all in that order, abandoning her lease and poor Shelly. Lisa's implosion had happened so quickly that Shelly hardly had the pleasure of living in exciting Waikiki. Knowing that her parents would put her in a dorm room in an instant, Shelly held off telling them about Lisa's collapse. The rent was paid for the month so Shelly figured she might as well enjoy the place while she had it.

A week before the end, Shelly threw a party at the apartment with a bunch of friends. At the party she met Minnie who, at the time, was a friend of a friend. Shelly learned that Minnie was on the overflow list for campus housing. She told Shelly that her school loan would pay up to $650.00 a month on her rent for the semester if she chose to live off campus. Shelly got excited and asked if Minnie would like to move in. And just like that, the pair became roommates and not long after that, friends. And as far as the landlord still knew, Lisa Ochi was still the leaseholder.

Minnie was Irish, tall at an even six feet with copper-red hair and a fantastic, voluptuous figure. She was a dance slash drama major and an absolute blast to live with. Most of the time she was demurring, soft and feminine, but if need be she could cuss like a sailor, spit like a baseball player and drink like a frat boy.

Shelly had never known anyone like Minnie and in many ways the women were opposite compliments. Shelly was a library science major, Japanese American with long straight black hair down to her shoulders, five four and slim with just the right amount of curve. Her breasts were on the small side but she was always confidant in their aesthetic quality. Her personality wasn't as outgoing as Minnie's, but by no means was she a social cripple and could cuss and spit if the need arose.

Coming back to the here and now, Shelly sighed. The gig was up and the dorms were looming in her future once again. In addition, her parents got to be right about her financial incompetence. She tightly squeezed her eyes shut in frustration. She loved her spacious Waikiki apartment with the pool downstairs and all the hot clubs just down the street with Waikiki beach only two blocks away. But most of all, she would miss living with Minnie.

"I know a way we can make $300.00 each in one night," Minnie said in a soft voice.

Shelly opened her eyes and looked at her friend with a glimmer of hope. "How?"

"Stripping," Minnie said.

"Yeah, right," Shelly said, returning to despair.

"I'm serious," Minnie said.

Shelly squinted at Minnie. "Oh my god, you are serious."

"I've done it once before, just for kicks. It was easy and kind of fun."

"You're crazy! I'm not stripping at some club where some frat boys could see me! It would be all over campus!" Shelly said.

"It's not like that," Minnie said, "It would be a private gig like at a home or hotel room."

Shelly's jaw dropped open. "Oh, that's so much better!" she said with double the sarcasm.

"Okay, go tell your parents that you're short on your rent," Minnie said. "And by the way, you should also tell them that the nice Japanese girl you moved in with got pregnant and ran off with a hippy to California a year ago and that you now live with a redheaded haole actress slash dancer, with the apartment's lease erroneously renewed under Lisa Ochi's name."

"Fuck you," Shelly said and walked over to the infamous matching leather sofa and plopped onto it.

Sensing that she may have pried a small gap in Shelly's sensibilities, Minnie continued. "Okay, I've done it more than once."

Shelly sat up and stared wide-eyed at Minnie.

With a shrug Minnie said, "It's not a big leap for me to do a little exotic dancing on the side." Giving Shelly an appreciative look she bull on. "You have a good sense of rhythm and a nice tight body. They'll love you. And it's absolutely safe; I promise. All the clients are from out of town, no frat boys. Most are regulars and are real gentlemen. They police themselves because they know they got a real good thing going."

For the next hour, Minnie kept working Shelly. Finally, Shelly gave a little ground. "It sounds like a mildly intriguing thing to do."

"Would you go down on a guy for $500.00?" Minnie asked nonchalantly.

Shelly stood up and shouted at her friend. "No fucking way!" Shelly looked at Minnie for a few seconds and her eyes grew wide. "Have you done that too?"

"Yeah. It was amazingly easy," Minnie said thoughtfully.

"Oh-my-god Minnie! You're a total prostitute," Shelly accused. "I'm not crazy like you." Shelly stood up and indignantly marched to the front door and opened it.

"Hello, dorms," Minnie called after her. Shelly stepped out and slammed the behind her. Minnie shouted, "Your parents get to be right."

Ten beats later the door slowly opened and Shelly stepped back in. She closed the door softly behind her and leaned against it. "I'll strip, but I don't know if I could go down on a guy," she said.

*****

For the next week, Minnie became Shelly's dance teacher. During a practice session with both women in form fitting outfits Shelly complained, "Being naked next to you is grossly unfair."

Minnie laughed. "You'll be fine," she said as she eyed Shelly in her black leotard. "The clients will flip when they see your slim, sexy, Asian body. Some of those guys have come a long way to see exotic girls like you naked. Redheads like me can be found on every street corner in the mainland."

Shelly eyed Minnie's fantastic shapely body in her tight, teal spandex. "There must be a lot of men crowding street corners on the mainland."

With Minnie's coaching and encouragement, Shelly grew more comfortable with her bizarre introduction to stripping.

"What about the dick sucking?" Shelly asked at the end of a lesson.

Minnie shrugged. "Who doesn't know how to suck dick? Experience has shown me that guys don't complain much and if you show enough enthusiasm you can get away with murder."

Shelly nodded but was sure that she couldn't go through with that part of the deal so every day she called the Financial Aid office to see if her check had cleared and every time they told her no. With each refusal, her panic grew.

At the end of the week, Minnie made some phone calls and set up a gig for the weekend. Saturday rolled around and Shelly found herself riding up an elevator with Minnie in a posh, Waikiki hotel. Shelly's nerves were frayed, she felt jumpy and her eyes darted around the corners of the elevator like a trapped animal. To gain some control over her emotions, Shelly focused on Minnie's outfit.

Minnie wore a tight, dark green mini-dress with spaghetti straps. The dress seemed to defy several laws of physics because the thing should just simply drop off her shapely body. Her long red hair was done up in hundreds of long, individual curls giving her a wild, sexy look.

Shelly's hands touched her own skirt at the hips and tugged down a bit. The skirt was way too short for her comfort but for tonight it was perfect according to Minnie. Along with the way too short black skirt Shelly wore a clingy black top. Back at the apartment, Shelly was dismayed that her nipples were so prominent and no matter what she did, she couldn't hide them.

"That's a perk for what we're doing tonight," Minnie joked. Shelly almost slapped her for making such a bad pun.

Shelly felt her courage slowly ebbing away with the ascension of the numbers above the elevator door. She couldn't stand watching the numbers so she pulled out her small makeup mirror to look at her face. Minnie had done a wonderful job with her face. She looked like a movie star on the red carpet of the Academy Awards.

"There has been a change in the agenda," Minnie said attempting to sound casual as Shelly admired her face. "There will be five guys, not two at the party."

Shelly slammed her make up mirror shut and slapped at the control panel of the elevator, stopping it at a random floor. With her beautiful, movie star face set in a stern expression, Shelly marched down the carpeted hall in full panic as she hunted for the stairs.

Minnie followed frantically. "Shelly, wait," Minnie barked and grabbed Shelly's arm making her stop in her tracks. "The change was made just today so I waited to tell you 'till now because I knew that you'd freak."

"Of course I would freak!" Shelly yelled. "I can't believe that I've come this far and it stops now!" She pulled out of Minnie's grip and headed in the direction of an exit sign at the end of the hall. She violently slammed at the bar of the exit door; the sound echoed like a gunshot in the stairwell.

When Shelly was one flight down, she heard the exit door open above her and Minnie's voice followed. "I know about Randy's party."

Shelly stopped dead in her tracks and looked up at Minnie looking down at her from one flight up. "What do you know about that?" Shelly asked coldly.

"Your friend Francesca has a big mouth, sorry," Minnie said quietly as she walked down and stood on the landing two steps above Shelly.

In her frantic state, Shelly's mind drifted to the past.

The thing with Randy happened a year ago before Shelly had met Minnie. Randy, Shelly's boyfriend at the time, was a handsome Hawaiian-Filipino boy from Wahiawa. He and Shelly had been dating for about six months but the relationship was souring and at Randy's birthday party they fought bitterly. She wanted to leave Randy's place after the fight but he insisted she stay to put up appearances. She fumed quietly for the first hour of the party, smiling emptily, but soon a dark mood closed in on her. The need for revenge seized her and she spent the evening talking to a guy named Timothy. Despite her vengeful intent, she found the Timothy guy funny and attractive in that skinny, white boy kind of way.

Randy fumed and gave her the stink eye throughout the night. Because of Randy and Shelly's mood, the gathering broke up early. Timothy was the last guest to leave and Shelly made it clear that she was leaving with him. Taking a last parting shot, Shelly kissed Timothy with rough passion right in front of Randy. Randy stared with shock and disbelief. The kiss ended and Shelly looked at Randy's expression with dark satisfaction. Then, for no explainable reason, Shelly stepped up to Randy and kissed him with equal passion.

That night, with uncharacteristic ferocity, Shelly made love with the two men. She had four orgasms; a record for her. The first was with Randy on top of her as Timothy explored her small, sweet breasts. The second came with her on top of Timothy as she kissed Randy off to the side. Number three came when Timothy fucked her from behind as she went down on Randy. And number four happened as she laid on the bed using her own hands and the guys knelt over her and jerking off. Timothy ejaculated across her thighs and pubic mound; Randy was seconds behind as he ended messily on her chest. The whole shocking night was like something out of a scripted porn movie.

After the lovemaking, Shelly left Randy's apartment in a daze. Randy called numerous times but she didn't return any of his calls. Timothy tried to make contact too but she stonewalled him as well. In time, they both stopped trying to reach her.

Shelly had internalized the event, burying it deep. Except for one drunken confession with her best friend Francisca, she never spoke of her night of abandon to anyone.

"Are you trying to blackmail me into doing this?" Shelly asked Minnie in a low voice full of cold anger.

"No," Minnie said as gently as she could. "When I heard the story I knew that you were a wild thing." After a short pause Minnie added softly, "You said yes to all this a bit too easily Shelly." Minnie sat down on the top step of the riser and stretched out her long legs. She said to Shelly, "I do this because it turns me on, and the money is like hot spice that adds to the thrill. You wanna come with me upstairs and blow five guys and get paid $2500.00 for it?"

Shelly stood silently, looking down at Minnie's long form stretched out on the stairs for almost a full minute. "I don't wanna fuck those guys," she finally said.

Minnie smiled and stood. "This is strictly a SBPG," she said as she led Shelly back to the elevators.

"What?"

"Strip, blow, pay and go," Minnie answered. The elevator door opened and she added, "Although if you let them feel you up they tip better." They entered the elevator and Minnie hit the penthouse button.

"Francisca's a cunt," Shelly said as the elevator ascended.

Minnie laughed but held her tongue.

The elevator bell dinged and they walked to the door labeled PH2. After quickly looking each other over for flaws and finding none, Minnie knocked on the door. To what seemed like an eternity to Shelly, they stood silently waiting. Finally, the door opened and a handsome man in his thirties stood before them. He was dressed in a tuxedo with the bow tie hanging loose around his neck. The guy looked please and surprised all at once.

"Come in," he said, recovering his cool as he stepped aside to allow the women into a long entryway lined with watercolors of the ocean. He said from behind them, "Johnny, your friends are here."

Another man appeared at the other end of the entry hall. He too had on a tux minus the jacket with tie still intact. "Minnie," Johnny said and walked down to greet her with a hug. The Johnny fellow was around forty, fit, balding and good looking in a rugged, Bruce Willis kind of way. "You look fantastic," Johnny told Minnie and then looked at Shelly.

"This is the friend I told you about," Minnie said.

"And your friend has a name?" Johnny asked.

Minnie looked at Shelly. It took Shelly a couple of seconds to realize that Minnie was leaving it up to her if she wanted to give her name or not. "My name's Shelly," she said politely and shook Johnny's hand.

"That's Cliff," Johnny said pointing at the guy who answered the door. Shelly politely shook his hand too. Johnny's eyes stayed on Shelly, not bothering to hide the fact that he found her very pleasing to look at. Shelly gave a nervous smile and looked away unaccustomed to such blunt appraisal. Johnny led Minnie and Shelly into the plush hotel penthouse. Seated at a table covered with poker chips and beer bottles were three other men dressed in tuxedos. The three sat frozen like Mount Rushmore, staring unblinking at the two beautiful women.

Johnny laughed. "Real slick guys," he said then introduced everyone around. "Minnie, Shelly, this is Tom, Darrell and Mike." Everyone shook hands all around.

As she shook hands with the men, Shelly thought of how absurd it all seemed and a bizarre commentary started running in her head. I'm pleased to meet you all. In a little while I will be stripping so you can see my tits, ass and naked pussy. Then later I will go down on all of you and give you the quality blowjobs you paid for. Please no checks or American Express accepted. Canadians add 25%. Shelly let out a giggle.

Minnie nudged her and gave her a look. "You okay?" she asked in a worried whisper holding a fake smile.

Before Shelly could respond the guy named Mike spoke up.

"Are you Japanese?" he asked Shelly.

Shelly nodded.

"You are very beautiful," Tom added.

Shelly smiled and blushed at the compliment. Now how absurd is that? she thought to herself. Blushing like an idiot at a compliment? How the hell was she going to react to getting naked in front of these guys, let alone go down on them? A sudden surge of panic bubbled to the surface and she turned to judge the distance to the front door. Sensing her friend's terror Minnie gave Shelly's upper arm a reaffirming grip.

"We were told that there is a music system in the penthouse rooms?" Minnie asked. She pulled a CD from her small purse and handed it to Johnny. Soon, soft, jazzy sax and piano music filled the room. Still holding Shelly's arm, Minnie maneuvered them to a big open space in the living area in front of the sofa. "Just do like we rehearsed and you'll be fine," she whispered to Shelly. To the men in the room Minnie said, "Please sit and enjoy."

Cliff, Darrell and Mike sat on the sofa. Johnny straddled a chair from the card table off to one side and Tom, the one that had told Shelly that she was beautiful, sat in a lounge chair beside the sofa. Shelly's eyes kept flickering to Tom. She very much liked his boyish, good looks. He was on the tall side and slim. His hair was long and floppy on the top and trimmed short on the sides. He looks like a rock star, she thought.

Minnie started swayed gracefully. Shelly stood stock still and watched for a few seconds. Enviably, she deducted that Minnie's body was genetically predisposed to move to music. Shelly forced herself to follow Minnie's lead but felt self-conscious and awkward dancing next to her impossibly shapely, graceful, redheaded friend. Minnie did a slow spin; her curvy hips did one thing while the rest of her did another. That shouldn't be physically possible, Shelly thought but there it was. No one is going to look at me, she mused further as she closed her eyes going into a slow spin of her own. She opened her eyes to find most of the guys were looking at her. They're probably amazed that I'm not lying flat on my face, she figured.
