 Here we were wondering what to do for the night there were 7 of us, 6 women, and my boyfriend.

We went to a bar called Players (appropriate). It's a sports bar which has pool tables, darts, volleyball courts, golf games, ping pong and many large screen televisions thru out the place.

After 10pm only adults 21 and over are allowed in there. We showed up at about 8:30 and grabbed us a pool table and a corner of the room. It wasn't all that busy but we knew it would be by the time we left.

We got the waitress to bring us a couple pitchers of beer and some snacks, Buffalo wings, veggies, and dips stuff like that.

We drank, laughed played pool and the usual BS that people do upon hitting at an early time. Nothing went too wild before 10pm so by the time 10pm did come around, we all were a little more sloshed than when we arrived.

We started to do dares as we played pool, of all of us only myself, Joy and Gayle wore skirts, Mandy had on daisy dukes, and the others had slacks on.

During the pool matches, I made a dare to Gayle since we were up next, if she lost, she had to do what I wanted her to do and she had to do it within 20 minutes of losing, she agreed and made the same wager to me as well which I knew she would.

We played, went back and forth and finally she got whooped. I told her that before she went to sit down, she had to remove her thong, which you could see the outline thru her skirt and then take a seat on the stool, and she had to sit there with her thighs apart and her pool stick between her thighs. She was to rub the shaft of the stick against her slit then lean into it and rub her clit to orgasm.

Well, she wasn't to pleased with this dare but knew she had to do it, so off came her thong as she stood in the middle of all of us and sat down on the stool. She looked at me and parted her thighs and placed the stick between her sexy as all get out thighs, she slid it against her slit which was already wet and left the shaft of the stick gleaming with her wetness, she spun the shaft that with her hands so that it would rub gently against her clit, she closed her eyes as she did this and we moved aside so that anyone looking over at us, would see her, and many did.

It didn't take long that she started to come, she moaned low and her legs shook and trembled as did the rest of her body, when her orgasm began to calm, her eyes flew open and saw that some in the place were watching her, including some sexy and beautiful women. She quickly closed her thighs and stood up. She asked why we moved away and we said so that all could watch her. Well that opened up a new kind of dare after that.

We began playing pool again and it was Mandy and Keren against Joy and Mike, the bet here was that if Mandy and Keren lost, they had to masturbate in the same manner that Gayle had done only this time using their fingers, and if Joy and Mike lost, then Mike had to penetrate Joy in whatever manner they could as they stood in the area around us or on a stool.

Well, this game was a setup on Mandy and Keren's part, they talked Mike into losing the game by bribing him with sex, seems that when Mike and Keren went to lunch yesterday they had talked about the going to shoot pool, it was after all, Mandy and Keren's idea to go shoot pool.

Well, being that Mike and Joy lost, Mike had it already worked out how he wanted Joy, it was to be on the stool with him sitting him, Joy moving in front of him and him entering her tight ass, he knows that Joy could bring him to orgasm without even moving her hips, she has the ability to use her muscles to keep him in place and make him shoot, and that's what he was counting on. And so was Keren and Mandy since they only knew of her control but never saw it come into play like Mike and me has. Her control was taught to her when she was a sub and she mastered it after all these years still, I on the other hand have no control whenever my ass is filled, I need the motion to keep me going, I need to feel the heat!

So when Mike sat on the stool, Mandy came over and unzipped his jeans and pulled his rapidly growing cock out of his pants, as Keren blocked her, Mandy began to stroke him with her hand til he was harder than steel, Joy came over and as she lifted her skirt, I ran my hand over her pussy, moving my fingers between her slit and into her, then I trailed them back out and moved my wet fingers to her ass, as I circled her tight hole and dipped my fingers back into her pussy then back to her ass, I knew she was ready. She backed up to Mike and he aimed his cock at her wet entrance, as he slid it in she pushed back onto him. 

Joy started to thrust on him to get him in all the way and when she felt his balls against her pussy she knew he was locked in now. She remained against him and straightened her skirt around her. If you had looked at them from anywhere in the place, all it looked like was that she was leaning against him.

Then her muscles came into play, you could see the glass eyed look on Mike as he felt her muscles doing the work, at one point Keren was talking to Joy and she carried on a conversation like nothing was happening, but if you looked at Mike, you could tell he was very excited and close to coming.

He had his eyes closed but was unable to move because of the angle that Joy was against him. He reached around her and sliding his hands up her blouse cupping her tits and pinching the nipples as we blocked the view for them, Joy asked him if he was ready to explode, all he could muster was a grunt and then Joy lifted off him abit and reached between her thighs and squeezed his balls and she flexed her sphincter, then boom, Mike started to come. He moaned into her shoulder as he filled her talented ass.

Joy kept squeezing his cock with her muscles until his orgasm subsided. She then lifted off him, when she did this, his cock popped out of her ass and so did a stream of his white sticky come, still shooting from his cock. Mandy grabbed his cock and jerked it til no more came out; she then stuffed him back into his pants and told him to go to the restroom which he bee lined to.

Joy, then stood against the pool table and motioned for me to come to her, as I walked up I knew what she wanted, I got on my knees before her, blocked by the pool table from the other patrons and behind me by the short counter and stools, I placed my hand under her ass and as she flexed her muscle again, dropped a load of Mike's come into the palm of my hand, I then rubbed some of it onto my pussy and ass and the rest on Joy's pussy, I then lifted her skirt and began to lick her pussy, Joy leaned back on the pool table and parted her thighs wider as I sucked her clit and licked her lips, she came within 2 minutes of my licking.

I then stood up, and grabbing Mandy kissed her deep and passionately, letting her taste both Joy and Mike on my lips. We broke the kiss and Mandy asked Kelli who was sitting on a stool looking at us in awe and with her face red as an apple if she wanted to play a game. Kelli, transfixed by the events around her didn't even answer Mandy, instead she stood up and excused herself and headed for the restroom, Keren followed behind to see what was up. They were gone for about 15 minutes before re-emerging.

Mike came out after cleaning up and grabbed his beer glass and chugged the glass, then he said he was ready for another game. I think the games were over and we wanted to head on home for more chaos from home.

We packed up our things and turned in the pool sticks and balls, as Mandy and me went to give them to the bartender, he told us anytime we wanted to come back and play, give whoever is working here at that time, this card and everything will be on the house, we thanked him for that and he also told us that the games, beers and snacks were on the house, I asked why that was, and he said that we gave a hell of a show to the patrons sitting at the bar. Mandy asked, how was that possible since we did a good job in blocking out the view, and the bartender pointed to various cameras mounted in the rafters with a closed circuit TV behind the bar for him to see everything going on in the place, there was camera on the opposite wall from were we were that showed everything. 

After turning about 90 shades of red, Mandy and I started to walk away as the bartender yelled out that if that one guy (meaning Mike) needs help with any of you, to call him. As we made our way out the door, we told the others what happened. Our bar tab was well over $300.

As we piled into Keren's Expedition, Keren thru the keys to Mandy and told her to drive. Mike sat in back with Keren and Kellie, then in the middle was Joy and me, and in front was Mandy and Gayle. Only then did Mandy tell Joy that the game between them was a setup and that Mike was bribed, Joy said she thought so because Mike usually doesn't play that sloppy and that he took his seat on the stool right as the 8 ball dropped in losing the game for them. But she was hot too and wanted it as bad so she went with it.

Mandy then yelled back to Keren and said, ok, your turn Keren, and with that Keren began to unbuckle Mike's jeans and started sucking him in the backseat, Kelli who was back there also slid her pants down and started to masturbate, Keren was sucking Mike as if it was her last meal and he was holding the back of her head as she sucked slow then fast as her head bobbed up and down on him, Kelli was fingering herself and grabbed Mike's hand and placed it on her pussy, he began to massage her clit too. 

Keren then grabbed his cock and began pumping him while sucking his head, Mike moaned and yelled out, as he started to come, Keren covered his cock with her mouth and while jacking him with her hand sucked him into her throat, he kept coming and coming and she still sucked and stroked, Kelli then began to come hearing Mike go off, she was pumping her pussy hard and fast as she exploded sitting next to Mike.

When Keren sat back up, she had a trail of come leading from the corners of her mouth, down her chin and a small bit hanging from her chin, kind of looking like an icicle. Kelli leaned towards Keren and sucked that right up and cleaned off her chin with her tongue. Then they both went down again on Mike and cleaned him up with their tongues. He felt like king of the world holding both their heads in his lap.

As I thought about it, the only ones who didn't come yet were Mandy and me. Well we made up for it when we got back to our house. But that's another story I'll post soon. Enjoy this one for now, need to go to work now. I wonder how Mike is feeling as well as all the others. Only time will tell.