 I am a martial artist, adept in the ancient and world-renowned form 'gung fu'. I had been attracted to the art when I came upon the fact that Bruce lee claimed it as his own. Though he later discredited in favour of his own created styles, by this time I had discovered that there were stronger and more skilled proprietors of the style in china. Therefore spurned by the promise of exceeding the already great Bruce lee, I set about becoming the ultimate gung fu artiste. 

As this childhood obsession grew into an adult career and lifestyle it became clear that these fabled gung fu experts would never materialise and were instead just elements of Chinese propaganda. Upon learning this I realised I may have a skill level that was of global value. This was the case, and ever since this realisation I have travelled the world giving demonstrations, competing in tournaments, and spreading the gospel of gung fu. And this is the reason I am in Thailand at the moment. 

My devotion to this craft has therefore, wrought my body in the caste of true warriorhood. I am Caucasian with dark brown short hair and piercing ice blue eyes, my body is extremely efficient and has never failed a request I have made of it. My body demands attention because I am two metres tall, but my physique is understated. I am slim, some might say slender, but my musculature bristles with latent power. Having just completed a workout in the dojo that had paid for my trip, I set out to do some shopping. I am especially interested in getting a suit tailored, because it is very difficult to buy well-fitted clothes, considering my height. The woman at the reception of the dojo had recommended a certain shop with a certain twinkle in her eye, now it seemed clear why, as the shop was proving very difficult to find. As I was beginning to think the place did not exist, and that the receptionist had taken me for a ride. 

Then I spotted a storefront that fitted the description, it was nestled in the cul de sac of a laneway and was dimly lit. As I neared I could see two Malay girls smiling and chatting animatedly and watching me approach. I was not unused to this scrutiny as in all, foreign countries I am stared at relentlessly for being a tall white novelty. But as I neared the store it became apparent that the two girls at the counter were both beautiful, and they were not scrutinising me in the usual negative way. In fact they seemed almost excited to have seen me enter their store. As I entered and smiled at the two women I felt a warm sensation as my blood began to pump faster around my body, the cause of this sensation was the caramel skin of the two attendants, of which I had developed a taste for on my journeys. 

My thoughts instantly jumped to an image of these women coiled around me creating a delectable contrast between our skin tones. My mental leap back into reality left me with an equally pleasurable reality, as both women fawned over me. They were thoroughly receptive to my queries and assured me that they were more than capable of performing the task I wanted, in perfectly intoned English no less. The two women in front of me were truly stunning examples of their countries heritage. 

The woman to my left, Liu, clearly had some Chinese ancestry. She had glossy raven black hair that was so well defined that I seemed as though each strand could be viewed separately. Her vibrant hair was styled adroitly to frame and accentuate the shape of her face. Falling to shoulder length in twining bodies and flipped back into a topknot. Her hairstyle softened her classically round face. Staring into her glowing black-brown eyes filled me with a sense of her immense personal strength and indomitable will and yet also a piercing vulnerability. This sensation was indescribable, and very powerful. Her small and slender lips pink lips, when contrasted with her iridescent caramel complexion appeared the lewdest of pinks. They alone exuded an erotic aura that caused me to instantly to picture her oral sex prowess. 

Her appearance displayed herself as too pure for such an act, but her body posturing and doubly interpretable words stated otherwise. From the devious twinkle in her eye to the slight crinkle at the edge of her mouth, it was clear she was more aware of her own powers than anyone else could ever be, in fact this and a physical connectedness between these two women (and as I would later discover a third) was the most memorable feature of them as a group. 

Liu's delicate nose led up to her dewy wide chestnut brown, almost black, eyes and their lightly folded eyelids created an air of delicacy. This air was continued in her attire. As she spoke I saw glimpses of her sterling silver chandelier earrings that seemed to be lit from within, due to their brilliant lustre, as her speech oscillated between coy subordination to a brazen sexual dare. Her actions promised not only sex, but from her self-confidence it would clearly be mind blowing. 

To Liu's right was Kachiko who clearly could claim Japanese ancestry as well as Malay. She was the owner of the most provocative hairstyle I had ever seen. Her hair was mat black and consisted of sharp bias cut fringes that crossed and framed her strongly boned face. At the back her hair was a wickedly long ponytail tightly braided. These fringes often covered her eyes, which were narrow and had an almost feline quality. 

Kachiko's iris's held the colour of amber and seemed to swim in milky ivory, at the corner of her eyes was Egyptian inspired lines that accentuated the sharpness of her eyes. Where Liu's eyes had shown a masked promise of sex, Kachikos eyes darted around her surroundings seemingly with the express purpose of finding an adequate sexual companion. From the way her gaze lingered on me, and certain central parts of my anatomy, gave me a clear indication that I had passed her, no doubt, stringent tests. 

Stringent because Kachicko was truly a once in a lifetime beauty, and therefore would never have to settle for anything short of the best. I believed Liu would be mind blowing, but Kachiko would be wild, I was totally convinced of this fact. Her sharp angular nose led down to a pouty mouth painted high gloss bubble gum pink. These lips were made for sucking dick and they were constantly parted any object in Kachikos hand or any of her fingers. My penis had been steadily filling with blood as I observed these women, and was starting to pulsate so painfully within my pants that I was about to make my move, when I was distracted by a new entrant to the room from the concealed stair case behind the counter. 

The entrant was also a Malay girl and she radiated happiness from her slightly plump face, high defiant check bones, a pug nose and a wide and plump mouth offset her face. She was strikingly beautiful. But in describing her countenance I have done her a disservices, for Rafeah had the most brilliant set of floppy tits I have ever seen. They held a beautiful shape but were capable of moving with only the subtlest hint of movement from their owner. I instantly visualised myself pounding her, sprawled across the floor with her belly and heavy breasts slapping loudly against her face and shoulders. She approached the counter with short stabbing steps that caused her body to bounce and roll pleasingly before my eyes. 

She was wearing a dangerous looking top that revealed her crimson lace bra through the semi transparent cream fabric. The bra straps were held out tautly from her flesh by the weight of her mammaries. The top also revealed a slight pot belly that was part and parcel of her body type, her belly led sweepingly down to a mid thigh cream skirt that was simply stacked full of flesh. 

She reached the counter and said, "The tailors room is arrayed just as you asked."

I looked to Kachiko and Liu and said, "and who is this delectable piece of fineness?"     

The target of my comment blushed and beamed a broad smile in my direction, her two friends said, "this piece of fineness is Rafeah, she will be assisting us, as we assist you". 

With that statement they strode from behind the counter to stand on either side of Rafeah, this was a boon for me, because it allowed me to view the bodies of both Lu and Rafeah, and also see how easily they reacted physically to each other's touches. The delicate Liu was in a pair of skintight black pants and a flighty yet fitted silk shirt with lace trimming. In these clothes it was clear that her body was a seamless flowing line with her behind and bust offsetting it only slightly.

Most men wouldn't have considered her sexy, but she her form was very sexual, just subtler than say Rafeah. I consider myself a true connoisseur of the female form and she was a truly rare and complex woman. These women were clearly very aware of themselves as sexual entities because they were all dressed to accentuate their own characteristics. Kachiko continued this pattern; she was dressed in knee high black boots that wrapped around her calves snugly and a mid thigh black pleated mini. 

Her cocktail dress top was pink and had a neckline that drooped between her breasts and as I knew from experience could be easily manipulated to reveal a great deal of cleavage. So there they stood the three of them, waiting it appeared, for me to approve of them as a trio. But instead I wanted to test the water with some questions to make sure they were going to have sex with me. 

"I've had other people who thought they were tailored for me, but I am quite large, and don't often find a good fit." I said stroking my bulging jeans. 

All three pairs of eyes were on were my hand rested, and Kachiko answered first "we are very good at this and I am sure one of us will be able to fit you" she said and all three shifted slightly to display the differences in their body types.

Liu said "we don't often get much big men through here, so when we do, we make sure all three of us are willing to accommodate you"

"I believe I have one that's tight in all the right places" said Rafeah with a smile

"You haven't lived until you've been inside mine," said Kachiko

"I have many talents," said Liu simply.

"I like the sound of all three ill have trouble deciding which is best, it make take some time" I replied.

"That's Okay, we'll close the store and our upstairs tailoring room offers great privacy" Said Rafeah 

"Lets go there then!" I said enthusiastically

With that I started towards the stairs, Rafeah stepped into my chest and placed her hands on my torso. "Follow me" she said, and proceeded to lead the way. S

She walked very slowly, and I would have been irritated had the reason for it been clear. Rafeah possessed a voluminous behind that formed appealing mounds in her cream skirt, also as we climbed the stairs, Rafeah leading the way a step or two ahead, allowed me to gain exciting glimpses of her red panties. Her posterior was definitely beautiful. Her slender waist flared sharply into a well-proportioned set of hips, on which hung large and powerfully muscular buttocks. The snap and drop of her buttocks had me mesmerized and time seemed to stretch on for a very long time until mercifully we reached the top of the stairs. Upon entering the tailoring room, my sight was confronted with a mess of cupboards and tailoring paraphernalia. Taking prime place in the room was an antique chair that looked as though it had once been a throne. I took it upon myself to sit in this throne. Settling into my chair I watched as Liu and Kachiko paced off into an adjoining room, leaving Rafeah and me alone. 

"Where have they gone" I said, concerned that my dreams of a threesome were dashed. 

"They've gone to prepare, they will be back," she said reassuringly.

And with that she slowly made her way around the room, adjusting certain things and accessing many different caches of resources. Then I realised that she was actually parading her assets before me, rather than actually getting work done. Realising this gave me far more appreciation of her efforts. 

As she lunged and stretched I felt buoyed by my own masculinity and truly felt like a king worthy of the throne I was sitting atop. Stretching out my arms, I settled into my role of observer. 

Then Liu emerged from the adjoining room, wearing a white Singlet that revealed her pink bra beneath, and a long skirt and strappy black heels. She proceeded to do similar things to Rafeah, she was definitely a beauty and she displayed flexibility that was akin to my own. This got me thinking of the positions we could get ourselves into. 

Then after a time Kachiko strolled out wearing the same clothes, but with everything shortened, the skirt lowered to reveal the top of her neat pubic hair, and her top rolled up to reveal her well-defined abs. She carried a martini glass filled with a luminescent green liquid. She sipped and passed it around among her friends, then handed it to me.

She said, "It's a potent elixir for sexual performance, and a true jewel of the orient."

I needed no more assurance than that, I skulled the remainder and looked down at my crotch. The head of my penis felt as though it had been inflated by a bike pump. 

"You feel it already? Good" said Liu as she pushed Kachiko out of the way and assumed a kneeling position at the foot of my throne. She peeled free my pants as Kachiko and Rafeah on either side of me stroked and marvelled at the length and girth of my phallus. They made cooing sounds and spoke excitedly amongst themselves in Thai. 

As Liu set about proving her oral sex prowess, Kachiko and Liu fawned over me. Licking my ears, chest and kissing me with furious urgency. Meanwhile Liu pulsed her cheeks and lapped her tongue along my length. As she did this, she alternated between closing her eyes, seductive in her concentration, and then flicking her eyes open and gazing me full in the face. Being the visual creature I am, this was truly captivating. 

However the problem was that two my left and right were two more beautiful women who were also doing much to demand my attention. While peering out of the corner of my eye at my blowjob, I lent across and kissed Kachiko with slow lapping tongue strokes. Rafeah got the idea and went beside Liu as they alternated sucking my dick. They were both hungry to get a taste and one would ride the head while the other would nuzzle the shaft. At times Rafeah would snatch it from Liu and attempt to deep throat the entirety of it. She was definitely skilled and could get to almost the beginning of my pubic hair. 

While my blowjob girls continued with wonderful dexterity, I turned to Kachiko and begun to slowly undress her, revelling in her every feature. She gazed at me with an appreciative smirk as I made it clear how beautiful she was. Because her pleated skirt had been lowered so much, I reached into her skirt from the top and cupped her moist pussy. I looked into her eyes, as she took a quick intake of breath at the first touch of her engorged vulva. 

As I stroked the outside of her pussy and worked her clit, I used my other hand to fondle her breasts before removing her top in one movement. 

"Sit up here on the armrest for me, lovely" I told her.

She swept her head low into a kind of submissive curtsy and did as she was told. So she sat legs akimbo on the armrest of my throne, her ass straddling the wood platform. I placed three fingers together, inserted them into her sopping cavity and radiated them outwards. She responded with cooing moans, and reached down grasping my cock tightly and yanked into powerfully while looking at me angrily.

"This is how hard I want you to fuck me, this is how bad I want it," She growled 

Then she grasped my wrist, and begun thrusting it towards her body. 

"Like that, I want it hard and fast!" She said become visibly aroused. So that is what I did I placed my thumb at on her pubic bone inserted my middle and index finger into her mound, and started frigging her like crazy. She started to pant and scream "more" at the top of her lungs. 

This had Rafeah prepared and she started to violently fuck herself and with much of her hand reaching under and into her pussy. Meanwhile Liu's cocksucking efforts continued as she used her teeth lightly to pop from the joint of my penis head. She took to her task with a tortuous slowness, which kept me on the brink of ejaculation. 

Seeing the passion In Rafeah's eyes I asked her, "Hey, Rafeah, you want me to take care of that for you?" 

"I was afraid you'd never ask," she said, turning her back to me and whipping off her skirt, bending at the waist to reveal her voluptuous ass, and peel off her black panties. 

Wasting no time she turned and plopped herself down on the other armrest and peeled back her vaginal lips. Giving me easy access I began my slow and delicate remonstrations. My powerful thrusting into Kachiko was having the desired effect, she was writhing and grinding against the rest and letting out shuddering breaths. 

This told me she was close to orgasm, so I sped up Rafeah's finger play until there were loud slapping sounds as the flap between my thumb and forefinger fit the beginning of her opening. 

Now Rafeah looked at me angrily and urged me on saying, "That's it, it wont be long now".

And indeed this proved the case. Her breath was becoming ragged and she started to writhe on the rest, riding it like a cock and forcing herself onto my hand.

Kachiko was doing the same because I had slowed her enterings considerably; she was becoming frustrated and stimulated her clit vigorously for herself. 

This was alright, as I was planning to get them to come together. 

So I begun to finger fuck them both quickly and powerfully, I used my hands as tough I was throwing punches, my hands becoming a blur. The girls were literally going insane. Flopping around so wildly, I was surprised they stayed on the chair. Their moans reached fever pitch and within seconds of each other they both gave out a final intense moan. 

I slowed my movements as they cooed appreciatively, "you are fucking unbelievable," said Kachiko.

"I've never cum that fast in my entire life" said Rafeah. 

My warm down hand movements had them lazily moaning as both women's vaginas were moist to the point of dripping down my wrist. I was pleased with their compliments, but they were mistaken if they thought I was finished.

Both Rafeah and Kachiko's heads were flopping contentedly on near their breasts as their breathing pattern begun to return to normal. Liu was no longer sucking my dick, but simply kneeling there slack jawed watching me pulverise her friend's pussys.

With that I begun to thrust my arms faster, my entire hand had been accommodated by both girls now, and I begun to piston my arms powerfully into them. I looked down and watched my biceps coil and contract at a dizzying rate. I continued this rate until my arms were tired which took about twenty minutes, many multiple orgasms later. I removed my hands from them and they slid from their roosts onto the ground were they lay nearly catatonic, thrashing occasionally in pleasure. There orifices leaking gooey pools of cum onto the floor. 

Breathing Heavily from my Anaerobic Exertion My focus fell upon Liu who was delicately stroking my semi erect cock, she looked at me with genuine fear in her eyes as she saw the desire, the need, the want I had for her. 

"That's it, keep teasing me, I like it." I told her

She smiled wickedly at that and put her entire mouth on my shaft, she then drew her teeth tightly against my foreskin all the way to the end of my penis. This caused stimulation that verged on pain and also pushed more blood to the end of my penis. 

My dick was as hard and erect as a steel flagpole, and more than ready to snap the delicate Liu in half. As Liu popped my dick out of my mouth, I let out a roar, stood up, lifting her to her feet with me. I then tore her skirt and delicate pink panties from her, leaving her surprised but willing. 
