 Shirley's birthday was coming up and I was thinking of what to give her. I wanted it to be special because of how understanding she was about my time with Dan and Carolyn. I was thinking how lucky I was, Shirley looked great, she could have just about any man she wanted, and quite a few men hit on her. She was also very smart, she was a special education teacher, and really loved her students.

The Saturday before her birthday, we were sitting in the rec room having drinks. Shirley said she wanted something different for her birthday this year. I asked what that was, and she told me that she would let me know later. My curiosity was raised now, why couldn't she just say what it was.

On Wednesday, her birthday, after we had finished dinner, Marsha and JJ gave their mother their gift, a pair of earrings. Then I gave her the matching bracelet. I could tell she really liked them, and she gave all of us hugs and kisses. We had ice cream and cake and sat around joking and having a great time.

It was the beginning of summer and school had let out, so Shirley and the kids could sleep late, but I still had to get up in the morning to go to work. About 11pm I wished them a goodnight and went up to bed. I was just getting into bed when Shirley came into the room saying "I hope you don't think that's all the gift's I want". She closed and locked the door, then turned and started to do a striptease.

I was watching her and rubbing my now hard cock. Shirley saw this and smiled, she was now down to just bra and panties. She removed her bra and tossed it to me. She turned her back to me bent over and started pulling down her panties. She was showing me her great looking ass, and it took all my resolve to keep from starting to jerk off. Shirley grabbed each cheek spreading her ass for me. I was starting to sweat.

I took off my tee shirt and shorts, and lay down with my cock pointing straight up. I told Shirley to come over and sit on my face, she happily obliged. I stuck my tongue as far up into her sweet cunt as I could and licked in circles. I then sucked on her clit and she was going crazy on my face. I could tell she was getting ready to cum, I grabbed her hips and pulled her down hard on my face as she had a big orgasm.

Shirley then moved down and straddled my hips and reached down and guided my cock into her wet cunt. She rode my cock like a crazy woman until she felt me cumming in her pussy. She sat down hard on me and my cock was as deep in her as it could get. I flooded her with my cum.

Shirley then rolled off me and lay beside me. She said that was great, and she loved all of her presents, but that there was still one more. I asked her what that was, and she said that the kids were going to their friends houses for sleep overs Friday night, and she was going out, and she wanted me to wait up for her. I asked what was going on and all she said was "you'll see".

Friday night rolled around, and after dinner, I drove Marsha and JJ to their friends houses. When I got back to the house Shirley was dressed and ready to go out. She had on a thin blouse that you could almost see thru, a skirt that fit tight and showed off her nice round ass, with stockings and heels. She looked great, I was wishing she was staying home with me. She gave me a kiss and smiled and told me not to fall asleep and wait up for her.

I sat around looking at tv, but the whole time thinking about Shirley, wondering if she was out with her friends from school, or maybe Madison from across the street. I was just about ready to doze off when I heard Shirley's car pull into the drive way.

A couple of seconds later Shirley opened the side door and two young guys walked in with her, she was all smiles. I then knew what she wanted, she wanted me to watch her with these two young guys. We had talked of doing this before, and now I guess it was about to happen. 

Shirley introduced everyone. Wally was a tall good looking cocky guy, I could tell right off he thought he was hot shit. He looked like he may have been a basketball player. Carl seemed to be more the quite type, a little shorter than me, and on the thin side, a book worm type.

Shirley asked me to fix drinks for everyone, I hesitated not knowing if these two were old enough, but then Shirley wouldn't be giving underage guys drinks, or fucking them. She must have seen the look on my face because she said that she had met them at a bar near the local college. I fixed the drinks for them and made myself a double, I figured I might need it. Before we could finish our drinks Shirley came over to me and whispered in my ear for me to go up and pull the covers down on the bed, and sit in the chair and wait for them.

I went upstairs and got the bed ready, I sat and waited for maybe 15 minutes. Shirley and the two young studs finally came into the room, all of them naked. Both of the guys were sporting hard cocks, and Shirley was leading them by their hands. Wally strutted in like he was the top dog, his cock was just about 7" about an average cock, but Carl was sporting a beautiful 8" and fat. Carl walked in and he couldn't look me eye to eye and I could really tell that Carl was unsure of himself. But with that cock I'm sure he could make any woman happy, and on top of that he had a beautiful ass, nice and round, a bubble butt.

Shirley sat on the edge of the bed and Wally wasted no time and walked up and presented his cock for her to suck. She motioned for Carl to come closer, and she reached out grabbing his cock and started to stroke it. Shirley was licking Wally's cock and he was standing there rocking, letting out soft moans. I sat back enjoying the show, a live porn show. I could feel my cock starting to rise and I shifted in the chair to get comfortable.

The whole time Shirley was doing this she was looking over at me, I could tell she was enjoying it, and if she was happy, then I was happy for her. Of course I had seen Shirley being fucked before at the swing party, but I was fucking there also, this was different, my sole purpose here was to watch.

Shirley then took all of Wally's cock into her mouth, and he started fuck her face. She was spitting all over his cock, getting it nice and wet. She guided Carl to kneel down between her legs and he buried his face into her pussy. Shirley just about went crazy, taking her mouth off Wally's cock and throwing her head back, letting out a loud moan. She put her hands on Carl's head and pulled him into her pussy. Wally grabbed her head and shoved his cock back into her mouth.

After a few minutes like this Wally backed up and nudged Carl out of the way, he grabbed Shirley arms and pulled her up. He turned her around and bent her over the bed. He got behind her, aimed his cock at her pussy and pushed it in. Shirley who normally is quite when we fuck, because of the kids, was now very vocal. Telling Wally how good that felt, and to fuck her hard. Shirley told Carl to come lay down in front of her so that she could suck his cock.

Shirley engulfed Carl's large cock, and really sucked on it. As I sat there watching all of this, my hand had dropped to my crotch, and I was rubbing my cock through my pants. Wally was really pumping into Shirley now, and telling her to back that ass up, which Shirley was happy to do. She was wiggling her ass for him and he was going crazy.

I then noticed something strange, Carl wasn't looking at Shirley, but he was looking at Wally. It hit me kind of strange and I thought I would mention it to Shirley later.

Shirley was really moving her hips now and I could tell she was about to cum. She pulled her mouth off Carl and told Wally to cum in her. When she did cum she threw her head back and cried "damn I'm cumming", this took Wally over the top, he grabbed her hips and pulled her back hard onto his cock and flooded her with his cum.

Shirley fell forward with her face in Carl's lap. She took his cock back into her mouth and sucked it deep. Everyone else cumming must have got Carl close because it wasn't long before he grabbed Shirley's head and shot his cum down her throat. 

Oh to be young, I don't think their cocks ever went soft. Carl got up, and Shirley rolled over on her back. Carl got between her raised legs, and pushed his cock into her cum filled cunt. Wally got on his knees and shoved his cock covered with her own juices into Shirley's mouth. By now my cock was rock hard and my balls were beginning to ache.

Carl was really going at Shirley and she was talking to me telling how good it was, and that she was going to cum again. She grabbed Wally's cock and stuffed it back into her mouth. She let out a load moan around his cock as she started to cum again.

Wally told Carl to lift Shirley's legs and place them over his shoulders. When Carl did this and he lay down on her, his face was just inches from Wally's cock, I thought he was going to stick out his tongue and lick it. Just thinking this made my cock jump. But he didn't do that, but he sure had Shirley moaning.

Surprisingly it didn't take long for Wally and Carl to cum again. Carl was first as he forced all of his cock into Shirley with a grunt. Then Wally loaded Shirley's mouth with cum. I think I almost came myself just from looking at them. Shirley then rolled over and told them she need a break. Wally and Carl just sat on the edge of the bed and Shirley lay there trying to catch her breath. 

Then Shirley took her foot and started to poke at Wally in his back, he turned to her, and she motioned for him to come up by her. Wally took no time crawling up beside Shirley, she pushed him down on his back and started licking his limp cock. It slowly started to rise. Then Shirley got up and straddled his hips. She reached back and guided his cock into her.

Shirley was bouncing up and down on Wally's cock, and I saw I wasn't the only one watching. Carl was just sitting there looking at Wally's cock as Shirley rode up and down on it. I think I could almost see him drooling. He had a birds eye view of the action, they were just inches away from him, and he couldn't take his eyes off Wally's cock.

Shirley rode Wally for a while, then told Carl to lay down next to Wally. She then got off Wally, and seeing that Carl's cock was already hard, she moved over on him and guided his cock into her pussy. Carl couldn't stay still under her, he was rising his hips as Shirley bounced on him.

Shirley did this for awhile, then she got up and mounted Wally. She was bouncing harder and harder until Wally grabbed her hips and let out a moan as he filled Shirley with cum. Shirley didn't miss a beat, quick as a flash she was over on Carl riding him again.

It didn't take long for Carl to cum. As he was cumming, Shirley was looking over at me smiling. After they had all got their wind back, Shirley put on a robe and told me she would be right back after she saw Wally and Carl out. I couldn't wait, my cock was rock hard, so I had stripped out of my clothes by the time Shirley returned.

I stood up when Shirley came thru the door, she walked over dropping her robe as she walked. She got as close to me as she could, rubbing her body against mine. My cock jumped and she giggled at that. She asked me what I thought of the night, and I told her it was the hottest thing ever. She grabbed me by my cock and led me to the bed.

Shirley pushed me back and went to the night stand, she got out a tube of lube and my cock got even harder, because I knew what was coming up. She leaned over me and gave me a kiss, her mouth still tasted of cum. While kissing me she was rubbing lube onto my cock. She put some lube on her finger to lube up her ass hole.

Shirley then lay down on her stomach wiggled her ass and asked me what I was waiting for. I got up on the bed behind her and rubbed my cock up and down the crack of her ass, to spread the lube around. I then placed my cock at her ass hole and started to push my cock gently into her. Shirley couldn't wait, she was so hot she just raised her ass up and pushed back taking all my cock into her ass hole, letting out a scream

I stayed still for a moment so that she could get use to my cock in her ass. Then I slowly started to slide my cock out, about half way out I stopped and pushed back in. After a few strokes like this Shirley was starting to get use to my cock being in her ass and she wiggled her ass and said "fuck me Jimmy, fuck my ass". I was ready to do just that, I lay down on her back and turned her head to me so I could kiss her as I started to pump into her sweet ass.

It wasn't long before I was starting to tense up and was about to cum in her ass. Shirley whispered out "cum baby"' "cum in my ass", "give me all that cum". I must have cum bucket loads in her ass, I didn't think I would ever stop cumming. 

I rolled off Shirley and she rolled over on top of me saying thanks for a great night. She got up and looking back at me wiggled her sexy ass. Then saying that she was beat, she was going to take a shower. I got up and started to pull the soiled sheets off the bed.

I had changed the bed sheets by the time Shirley came out the shower, and by the time I came from out the shower she was sound asleep. I must have lay in bed for an hour thinking about the night before I fell asleep.

The next morning I asked Shirley if she had noticed how Carl stared at Wally the whole time they were here. She said she didn't but it could be, because he did act a little funny when she first walked up to them in the bar, and Wally started showing her some attention.

She asked me if I wanted to have a threesome with Carl and maybe get to fuck that bubble butt of his. I laughed but really I was thinking the same thing.