 "Hey stranger!" Jami's cheerful voice broke Dylan's concentration as he stared at his computer screen. She was a very welcome distraction.

"Hey trouble," Dylan responded. "what'cha up to?"

"Same 'ol stuff." Jami replied. Her auburn hair was pulled into a low ponytail, flung over her shoulder. The end of it leas his vision to the v neck of her teal shirt. He could see her smooth porcelain skin and the black lace of her bra subtly peeking at the edge of her shirt. Dylan didn't shift his gaze quickly enough as Jami smiled.

"Like what you see?" Jami said flirtatiously, flipping her hair back over her shoulder.

"No comment," Dylan replied, a slight blush creeping across his cheeks as he cocked an eyebrow at her.

"No worries." Jami said. "So are you coming out with everyone tonight?" She asked, the hope that his answer would be yes apparent on her face.

"I don't know. Might need some convincing." Dylan replied. He smiled at her slyly.

"My place or yours then?" Jami asked boldly.

"How about mine?" Dylan said.

"Sounds like a plan." Jami replied. She stepped closer to him. "I'll meet you at your car later." she whispered, and quickly kissed him on the cheek as she left his office.

Dylan sat back in his chair, trying to wrap his head around what had just happened. It was no secret that he lusted after Jami. They had started working for the company at the same time. When he was on a different shift, they had been able to hang out more. Things had gotten out of hand a time or two, fueled by alcohol and temptation.

When Dylan's wife Melanie found out what was going on, it was terrible. Six years later, he didn't want to go down that path again. But he was tempted. Things just weren't the same lately. They had settled into complacency. There weren't any spontaneous things anymore. And their sex life, well, that left a lot to be desired. 

"Fuck it." Dylan muttered to himself as he looked up at the clock. Melanie was working late tonight, booked up with appointments until after 8pm. Going to his place with Jami was a risk, but a very low risk, he thought. 

Dylan clocked out a short time later and walked out to the parking lot. He found Jami standing next to his car. "Damn, she looks good." Dylan thought as he approached. She had traded her jeans in for a knee length skirt that showed plenty of her long legs. He unlocked the door, and she ducked around to the passenger side, sliding into the seat.

"You sure about this?" Jami asked.

"Why wouldn't I be?" Dylan replied. 

"Well.... You know.... Last time...." Jami started.

"I'm not concerned. She's working late. She'll never know." Dylan said as he drove out of the parking lot.

When they got to Dylan's house, he pulled the car into the garage. As he put the car in park and reached for his seatbelt, Jami leaned over and kissed him deeply as the garage door closed behind them. A low groan escaped his throat as her tongue slid into his mouth.

"Better than I remember.." Dylan said quietly. "Come on."

Dylan led her through the garage and into their house. "Go up ahead of me." Dylan said. "At the top of the stairs, go right. I'll be up there in a minute. Make yourself comfortable."

Dylan's erection was already straining against his jeans. He started slowly up the stairs after making sure all of the locks were bolted, and disconnected the garage door opener. He wasn't taking any chances.

When he walked into his bedroom, he was shocked at what he saw. There was Jami, mostly naked, wearing only her black lace bra and matching boyshorts, grinning from ear to ear. She had pulled out her ponytail, letting her Auburn hair fall softly at her shoulders. She sat up on the bed, leaning back on her arms. "So are you just going to stand there all night, or are you going to come here?" She asked, quizzically.

Dylan stepped forward toward her and lowered his head. He pulled the cups of her bra down, exposing her creamy breasts. He gently licked around each nipple before teasingly biting them. Jami moaned softly.

"You should get naked too." Jami whispered.

"Why don't you help me?" Dylan replied.

Dylan removed his shirt as Jami reached for his belt. She quickly had it undone, his jeans unzipped and down at his knees. He stepped out of them, and kicked them aside. Noticing the tent in his briefs, she traced her fingers along the bottom side of his cock. "And just what is this?" she asked.

"I think you know." 

"If I didn't know better, I'd think you were happy to see me or something."

"You have no idea."

With that, Dylan dropped his briefs, exposing his stiff cock to her. It was about average length. Slightly thick, uncut, with a smooth head, the hair surrounding it nicely trimmed. "Better than I imagined." Jami said as she leaned forward, flicking her tongue at the head. The precum was already forming as her mouth wrapped around it. Dylan's head rolled back as her fingers wrapped around his shaft and slowly began stroking.

After a few moments, the pleasure started to become too intense. "Jami..." Dylan whispered. Jami looked up at him and raised an eyebrow, his cock still in her mouth. He almost exploded right there. "I'm getting really close. Let's stop for a minute."

Jami gave one final long suck on his shaft before releasing it from her skilled mouth. Dylan kissed her, sliding his tongue into her mouth. He pushed her back farther onto the bed. Still exploring her mouth with his tongue, he reached out to tug at the corners of her boyshorts. Pulling them free, he tossed them to the side. 

He started kissing lower, down her neck, over her covered breasts, down her smooth stomach, to her hips. As he started getting closer to her slit, he could feel her shaking. Dylan got down on his knees at the edge of the bed, sliding her knees up. He lowered his head down between her legs, slowly licking around her soft mound. 

As Dylan ran his tongue up and down the length of her slit, Jami shuddered as a moan escaped her lips. Searching with his tongue, he found her clit, and ran his tongue over it softly. Flicking his tongue against it sent waves through her body as her hips jerked up at his touch. Slowly, he sucked on it, causing her to moan a little louder. 

He slid his tongue slowly inside of her wet pussy, tasting her. She was sweet, slightly salty. And warm. He enjoyed the taste of her as he explored her. Jami moaned as she started nearing her climax. Dylan went back to licking her clit as he slowly slid a finger inside of her, teasing her g-spot. 

Soon, Jami's shaking turned to rocking as her orgasm started. Her hips jerked against Dylan's face as he flicked her clit faster and harder with his tongue. She cried out as she peaked, with Dylan's fingers carrying the motion deep within her. 

'Dylan, just fuck me already!" She growled as she threw her head back against the bed.

Dylan chuckled as he moved his body over hers on the bed. He looked into her eyes. "Are you sure?" he asked, teasingly.

"Yes!" she hissed. "Just do it already!"

Dylan slid his cock into her, groaning as her hot tightness surrounded him. "Fuck, you feel amazing." He said, slowly pumping in and out of her.

Jami wrapped her legs around his hips, working against him. He could feel her clit grinding against the base of his cock as he slid deeper into her. He started pumping her harder, sliding his cock in and out of her faster. He could feel his balls slapping against her ass. It was amazing.

The only noise in the room was moaning and the slapping of skin as they both got lost in the raw fucking that was going on. 

Suddenly, the light in the bedroom flicked on. Dylan and Jami were oblivious to it at first until the light flicked back off, and the sound of Melanie's voice cut through the room. 

"You've got to be fucking kidding me." She growled. "Here. In MY bed. With her!" She yowled. 

Dylan figured that he was already in trouble, so he pretended to ignore her, and focused on Jami. He could feel the cum boiling inside of him, and the thought of being watched began to excite him as he rushed toward climax. 

Jami screamed his name as she bucked her hips against him as he slammed into her harder. "Oh fuck Jami!" Dylan yelled as he emptied his balls into her. 

Expecting to see Melanie pissed off, he looked over at her as he eased himself out of Jami's drowned pussy. 

But Melanie wasn't pissed. Instead, she had dropped everything and was standing there with an awestruck look on her face. And her cheeks were flushed. She was fucking turned on! 

Dylan decided to press his luck. He stepped toward Melanie and pushed her down onto her knees. Melanie looked up at him, and then, slowly took his cock into her mouth, licking and sucking all of the cum and Jami's juices off of it. 

"That's it... clean it up." Dylan whispered as his wife sucked his still stiff shaft. Melanie moaned as her tongue worked around the length. She took him down as far as she could, eagerly sucking him.

Jami giggled. "Bring her over here" she said, patting the bed next to her. "Let's have a little fun."

Dylan led his wife to the bed. As he kissed her, he started unbuttoning her blouse. Jami pulled her skirt down, showing off her red undies. "These have got to go" Jami said, pulling them down. 

Melanie stood there, naked before both of them. She didn't say a word as Dylan pushed her back onto the bed, lowering his head between her legs and sliding his finger into her pussy. "Someone wants this." He said lowly as he licked her slit.

Jami pulled Melanie's bra down and began sucking gently on her breasts, taking the time to tease her nipples. Melanie moaned. Soon, Jami's hand had wandered down to Melanie's clit, rubbing it as Dylan's tongue slithered in and out of her slit.

"Oh my God" Melanie groaned. "This is crazy."

"But you like it, don't you?" Jami asked.

"Yes." Melanie replied.

Dylan stopped working his wife's pussy and watched as Jami leaned in and kissed Melanie. It was the craziest thing he had ever seen. But his cock started twitching to life again as he watched his lover make out with his wife. He stepped back to the chair in the room and sat down as he watched Melanie's hand reach up and touch the side of Jami's face. 

Soon, giggles and moans were coming from both of them as Melanie's fingers reached down to play with Jami's drenched pussy. Her fingers slid easily around her clit, still covered in Dylan's cum. Dylan couldn't believe his eyes. 

Melanie brought her cum covered fingers up between them, and both girls eagerly licked and sucked them clean. 

Dylan couldn't take anymore. His cock was throbbing. He had to get back into a pussy, lest the girls have all of the fun. He grabbed his wife's leg, flipping her onto her stomach as he rammed his cock inside of her. 

Jami took the opportunity of Melanie being on her hands and knees to lie back and slowly finger her aroused pussy. "Let's see how naughty you really are, Mel." Dylan said as he nodded for Jami to get in front of Melanie. 

Instinctively, Melanie lowered her head and began licking Jami's pussy. Jami moaned as Melanie's tongue teased her clit. She arched her back, pushing her cum-soaked pussy into Melanie's face. 

"Oh God!" Jami cried as Melanie slid her tongue into her. 

Seeing his wife so eagerly eating another pussy drove Dylan crazy. He slammed himself in and out of Melanie as hard as he could, listening to the moans and screams coming from both girls as Melanie devoured Jami. 

As Jami started to come again, Melanie did too, and she hastily lapped at Jami's throbbing pussy as her own was getting drilled. Jami cried out in ecstasy as she grabbed Melanie's head, holding it against her as she rocked herself through her orgasm. 

Melanie's throbbing pussy and muffled groans were getting to be too much for Dylan to bear.

"Fuck!" Dylan cried out. He grabbed Melanie's hips and buried his cock deep inside of her as his load started shooting forth from his balls. He moaned as he spurted shot after shot into his wife's hot, soaking wet pussy.

By the time he had finished, Melanie and Jami were making out again, both whimpering and moaning as they fingered each other's cum soaked pussies.

Dylan sat back down in the chair, his spent cock hanging between his legs. He watched for a few minutes as Jami and Melanie lay side by side on the bed, exhausted, panting and trying to regain their composure.

He tried to wrap his mind around what had just happened. Twenty minutes ago, his wife walked in on him balls deep in another woman. Now, he was the odd man out as his conquest and wife were lying in bed together. 

He had just had his first threesome. "Holy shit." Dylan whispered to himself as he ran his hands through his hair. 

Jami's voice interrupted his thoughts again. "So, uh... I hate to cut this short" she started. "But I need to get going. I missed Happy Hour, but I still need to head out." She said. Dylan nodded at her. "But..." said Jami, "Can I get a ride back to my car?"

"Sure" Melanie said. "Let me throw clothes on, and I'll take you."

A few minutes later, the girls were out the door, and Dylan was still sitting in the chair. Still naked. Still turned on, still confused, and wondering what the hell his wife would do next.