 It's Monday morning and an early meeting of the board of directors is about to start. This week the entire team will be having their annual appraisal, checking achievement against last year and setting the objectives for the coming year.

Shirley pops into the board room to see if the guys need any drinks before they start. She knows all five of them having worked under them for several years. Mike (CEO) exchanges pleasantries with Shirley as she enters the room, "Looking as good as ever Shirl," he says.

"Thanks Mike, got to keep up appearances for everyone." she replies. 

"Good for moral, having something nice to look at in work." he says in a non PC way. She turns to leave so she can arrange tea and coffee to be sent up to them.

"While you are here Shirl, could you arrange for the window in the door to be covered over while we hold the appraisals - for privacy sake, and post a note on the outside so we don't have anybody disturbing the proceedings. we'll be starting tomorrow with the appraisals but will have a brief pre-meeting with everyone today. I'll let you know who to send up when we want them."

Shirley affirms she's got it with a nod to Mike. "I'll get some drinks sorted." and she leaves.

When she gets back Mike and the other directors have drawn up a list of the appraisals, she glances over it, "OK; but I'm not on here?" she says. 

" Well if you want to take a seat we can get your pre-meet out of the way first." It's Rob speaking , he's been with the business for a couple of years and has a good rapport with Shirley. He's a tall athletic sort, always looks like he just had a haircut, always a nice suite. Average looking, said to be good at what he does. Spends too much time at work since his divorce last year. Shirley sits at the board table, just a bit opposite to the directors, showing deference. Rob continues, "I know you think these appraisals are, can we say a waste of time, but we have to do them. Plan is just to measure where we all are against the last objectives and of course to sort out any objectives for next year."

"OK." says Shirl. 

Rob goes on, "So the plan is to do that tomorrow, but we just wanted to touch base today so everyone can have a think about next year. what do you want from the directors, what the directors want from you, what you might like to do next year and what we might like to be doing, that way we don't set impossible targets for everyone and hopefully we all get to do things with the team that we can enjoy, so if you can give it some thought tomorrow we can get together and sort things."

Shirl spends the rest of the day doing her usual work but also popping in and out of the board room to see that the 5 directors have everything they need. Towards the end of the day she pops back to check, '"Anything I can do for you guys before I go home." she asks, there is a pause the guys look at each other and say no and goodnight. 

Once the door closes behind her Rob says, "Given I'm stopping in a hotel tonight there are several things I was thinking she could do for me as it happens," 

"Professional please." says Mike, 

"Yes." adds Rob. "That would be what I was thinking."

Scott, HR director, chimes in, "It has crossed my mind what a resource she is and I'm not talking filing here, there's a couple of projects she could help me with". Scott is older than the others he's early fifties but fit and well turned out. He has a reputation in the business for being a bit direct. "Actually I was thinking of some pretty important cock related projects". 

"Objectives for next year ought to be easy to work out then," says Mike . "I've got a list of things I'd like her to do for me."

Thursday comes and Shirl is due her appraisal during the day, she dresses without much thought of it and chooses a wrap over dress, cloth belted. It reaches just below her knees, she matches it with tan coloured fitted knee length boots. No stockings. She arrives at the office and gets on with the daily routine. During the morning she collects a box of files from one of the offices to attend to, she takes them into the general office and sits at a desk with a swivel chair adjusted for someone taller than her, she has to perch a little to get on to it.

As she searches through the box - held with one hand, the fastening on the lower part of her wrap over dress pulls apart, one side of the dress slips down her leg, exposing her thigh as far as her panties which just stay out of view, cloth belt holding it in place. She seems unaware of it as she searches through the files. Opposite behind a desk one of the office guys is getting an eyeful of leg, he sits hoping the dress will slide off her other leg but it manages to stay in place. He looks over to a colleague also ogling her legs, he raises an eyebrow and smacks his lips. "I bet she has a good appraisal." he says after she leaves the office.

...what exactly would you be prepared to do for the board? ...

In the boardroom Shirley sits on the sofa, it's very soft and low, she falls back a little and her dress immediately pulls open, she pushes her legs together and pulls at the side of her dress to close it, it resists because she is sitting on it. She attempts to stand and rearrange things but as she sits it pulls over again and her legs are exposed quite a way up. She has several attempts to cover but it only serves to center attention on her naked legs and thighs. The guys take in the view but make no comment, just enjoying the opportunity this situation gives them.

"We wanted to talk about new objectives," Mike says, "Let's not spend time on last year, let's say you met your objectives. Better to look forward to the coming year, so what we need to know is what you want from the business, what you expect from the directors and for our part we will want to know," he pauses; and looks at his boardroom colleagues, "We will want to know what exactly you would be prepared to do for the board." He looks at the board guys as if checking he has put it as they had discussed. "Are you OK with that Shirley?"

Shirley feels an atmosphere, she thinks that there is a bit of innuendo here, but it's difficult to pin down exactly, these guys are directors after all. "I guess I am," she says, "I can't think of anything I wouldn't do", 'That's not exactly how I wanted it to come out she thinks.' "I mean I am happy to do most things." Again this sounds a bit suggestive and not what she meant to say. 

"Well were hoping we would hear that kind of attitude, we all think you have a lot to offer and are an important part of the team, we look forward to," again he pauses, "Interacting with you on a regular basis." Shirley still feels the innuendo but it's difficult for her to say if it's deliberate or accidental. 

"OK." says Mike. "Now we have established some agreement we can be more specific". I would like to get to know you; better than I do ... Mike signals her to come closer to him, she is now standing in front of the five of them, and he reaches forward and undoes the belt at her waist: he looks her in the face to see if she is about to object, but no sign of it. She is shocked, should she scream, should she try and slap him, should she run off. Would she look like a complete idiot having just agreed to ' interacting ' with the board. She surprises herself as she realises that amongst other emotions she finds the whole situation rather exciting, yes exciting that's what it is and she is more conflicted. Her upbringing, her feminine training tell her this is sexist, this is the board abusing their power, this is going to put her in a difficult position going forward. But the feeling in her stomach, the tingling in her pussy is excitement and she knows it shouldn't be there. 

But the delay in screaming, running away or slapping him has confirmed in his mind that it's ok to press on and she has left it that second too late to make any objection to what he is doing. 'Fuck it' she thinks 'I'm not sure I really want to object'

He presses on and pulls at both sides of her dress to expose her body. Black quarter cup lacy bra, little black lace panties sit on her hips, leather boots up to her knees. No stockings just bare flesh. He keeps his eyes on Shirley's body holding her dress open, "Gents could you hold this open for me." and Scott and Rob are quickly on their feet standing either side of Shirley who's now starting to look a little flushed, she looks left at Rob who takes the material from Mike with one hand and puts his other hand on her shoulder fixing her position between him and Scott, who takes the other side of the dress. She's now totally exposed. The other two directors, James and John rise to their feet. James moves behind her and her sudden jolt forward suggests he has his hands on her arse. Mike leans back in his seat to admire the view, "John," he says "Could you help Shirley with her bra for me please." she looks over at John who is happy to assist. 

He moves to her side and stretches out his hand sliding it over her breast. He slips a couple of fingers under her bra strap and eases it sideways so one tit starts to come free , he fondles her and pulls her nipple so its peeping over the top of her bra cup. Stiff and puffy already, he bends forward and sucks a little, she closes her eyes and murmurs.

Mike looks around the room, he sees the round boardroom table, "Over there." he tells the guys, using his natural authority, who lead her, arms outstretched till she is facing the table. Mike pushes the small of her back indicating she should bend over. The guys move round still holding her arms so she is more or less held over the table, her face turned sideways at the other side.

Mike nods at John who needs no further permissions he lifts the back of her dress, it rises easily and he pushes it to one side, she is bent over the table in her little black panties her dress up on her back, Mike pushes a foot between her feet and taps gently. She understands she has to open her legs and does so, John moves forward undoing his trousers as he does.

"You said you were happy to take on new roles for us this year as part of your objectives Shirley, well as a first stage we'd like to confirm your commitment to that." and he pulls her panties down over her arse far enough to push two fingers up her pussy; now wet and sticky, without any resistance. He explores around in her hole for a few moments and she squirms moving her arse to accommodate his fingers. "Now," says John, "I'm going to fuck you; well to be more accurate, we are all going to fuck you." and he presses his knob at her pussy lips. Mike moves to the other side of the table as John pushes his cock deep up Shirley, he too unzips and gets his cock out, he holds her head turned sideways on the boardroom table and moves his cock to her lips. She doesn't need any instruction and opens her mouth to take his cock down her throat. He holds her head firmly against the table as he fucks her mouth. John meantime is speeding up watching Shirley bent over sucking off Mike while taking his cock up her has him cumming in moments and he straightens up as he shots his load up her, pulling her hips hard back off the table a little to get the last of his cock in her before it starts to soften, he pulls out of her and cum runs down the inside of her thigh.

As soon as he has moved back James takes his place and Shirley moans a little as she realises he too is now going to take a turn fucking her over the table. He has built up a head of steam watching her take cock from Mike and John and is pretty hard before he gets to her. He is a bit rougher than John and ploughs into her pussy hard ignoring the whimpers as her wet snatch gets stretched. Mike is busy pumping his cock into her mouth and she greedily takes all he offers, he too cums and she lies across the table, James forcing his cock deep up her while Mike shoots his load down her throat.

Scott is standing to one side running his hands over her arse watching her being fucked, "We should turn her over." he says, James nods but Scott understands he means when he's finished with her. Mike speeds a little and arches his back as he shoots his load into her mouth, he holds her head still as she gulps , gags and swallows his load. James is thrusting hard into her now and she reacts by pressing back against him so his cock has totally disappeared, buried up to his balls in her pussy. His grip on her hips tightens as he bangs her hard from behind, her body bumping against the table top with every thrust, he pays no attention to her as she nears orgasm concentrating on getting his cock ever deeper up her. She releases the table edge with one hand and reaches around to her arse pulling her cheek to enlarge the entrance to her hole as much as she can. James releases her hips holding both her cheeks and stretching them apart thrusting as hard as he can, she grabs the edge of the table again to keep her position and cries out as a paralysing orgasm rips through her, her pussy contracting slightly as the muscles near spasm. Gripping the edge of the table with both hands - so hard her knuckles whiten a little. In a moment James is on his toes as he strains forward with a massive ejaculation shooting sperm into her well lubricated snatch, a couple of lesser thrusts and he is finished fucking her. She goes limp and the tension in her body starts to ease and she is floppy, laid across the table, a slight tremor in her body as she breathes fast and deep.

Several moments pass no one saying anything and Shirley assumes they have finished with her. She lies across the table , undignified, panties pulled down over her arse, legs apart, she's on view to five guys, she's full of cum, completely and comprehensively fucked. Then she hears Scott, "Let's turn her over." and she knows they have not finished with her yet. Scott is standing at her legs as she is roughly pulled over onto her back by the guys, she is laid flat , her dress still on like an unbuttoned raincoat, hanging down from her body emphasising her nakedness and her vulnerability, her inability now to prevent the guys doing whatever they want to do to her. She lies still waiting to see what's next and feels hands on her knees now, pushing her legs apart as they dangle from the edge of the round table, she helpfully opens them wide. John and James grab her arms and lift her so her upper body is raised up,

Scott speaks again, "Well Shirley we've all enjoyed watching you being fucked, so it's only fair you get the chance to watch yourself being fucked." Mike, behind her, pushes her head forward so she is looking down a little, enough to see her own pussy, panties straining across her thighs where the guys have not pulled them back up for her. She glances further down and there is Scott, she see's he has his cock out already and lets out an audible gasp as she takes in the size of his monster cock, not only long but with what appears to be a massive girth. She actually says 'oh no' and the guys laugh at her concern. James undoes her bra and both tits are released, John holding her arm with one hand squeezes and rolls one tit pulling a nipple, James grabs her other tit and pulls and mawls the flesh. Shirl rolls her head back to enjoy the sensation and the guys let her enjoy it for a moment before Mike pushes her head forward again and says.

"Watch."

Scott shuffles forward between her legs, his hands on her inner thighs, he pushes her legs as wide as nature will allow and his cock, massive and rock hard, is at Shirley's well lubricated pussy lips . He tries to enter her but despite having just been stretched by cocks over the last hour she is a little too tight to allow easy penetration for him, she tries to put a hand down between her legs to ease the cock into her but the guys are holding her arms and she can't reach. Scott presses forward and Shirley's pussy finally gives in and her lips surround his massive pumping cock. She gasps again, and as he pulls back for another thrust she lets out a loud moan, 'aaahh' as her pussy is tested to the limit. He thrusts forward again and more of his cock penetrates her, another thrust, more noise form Shirley and he is deep, deep into her, her head rolling back again as she takes a hard fucking from Scott, Mike is insistent she watches and he once again pushes her head forward this time keeping his hand on it so she has to watch.

Now she is in the rhythm for this massive cock and she moves forward to meet his every thrust, the guys fondling and feeling her tits and pushing her forward to meet his oncoming knob. She is being fucked by the biggest cock she has ever taken and loving it. Squelching pussy and gasping throat making this a very noisy fucking. Anyone outside will have been in no doubt that Shirley's appraisal was going pretty well and she was probably meeting her objectives.

Scott raised his game a little as Shirley started to speed up her attempts to thrust back, the guys still holding her firm. He puts his hands higher on her inner thighs and presses harder, "wide." he says and she tries to open her legs wider for him but it's impossible she is taking as much cock as she thinks is possible, her legs are starting to hurt as she strains to keep them wide for him.

Again she feels an orgasm rising in the pit of her stomach, her pussy hot and tingling, her nerves twitching, body stiffening again, her head rolls back once more this time with such force that Mike has to let her have her way and she calls out as a mighty orgasm strikes and she shudders from head to foot. This brings Scott to a conclusion and he cums into her, he brings his hands to her pussy and with his thumbs presses her cunt lips as if trying to widen her further but he's spent now and relaxes, his cock starts to pull out as he moves back and the size of it brings her lips rolling with it. She gives a little cry as it is withdrawn and a flood of cum and love juice follow it making a little pool on the table between her legs and soaking into her dress still underneath her arse.

Shirley fishes a travel pack of tissues from her dress pocket, and tries to dry herself a little, she takes a second then a third and does the best job she can, She pulls her panties back into place and rests for a moment, still on her back. She struggles up onto her elbows planning to get off the table but Mike is standing at her side and pushes her chest till she falls back again, spread eagle on the table legs open, dress still undone, tiny panties clinging to her wet pussy. He rubs his hand over her mound, pressing his finger against her pussy and watches the wet material as it slides up her, her lips sticking to her panties making her slit obvious. Not satisfied he grabs the white sticky material and pulls it to one side, her pink-red swollen lips show a wet line as they meet. He presses her clit hood with his thumb and his four fingers against her opening slit, he slides into her easily and she involuntarily says 'mmmmm'. She looks to his face and back to his fingers as they glisten with cum. Mike despite being the senior man in the room has let his colleagues fuck her before him, now it's his turn.

"Bring her over to the settee." he says to the others and he goes and sits down, trousers undone and pulled open, the other guys lift her still exposed from head to foot but still with her open dress hanging from her shoulders, her bra has gone, her panties are sticking to her pussy and pulled tight on her arse. She still has her boots on. Helped by Scott and James she moves in front of Mike on the settee, lifts one knee up onto the cushion, straddles Mikes legs and brings her other knee up, her pussy hovers above his cock. The Guys let her go and she falls forward her tits fully in Mikes face, he bites a tit a little and sucks the nipple. She reaches down with one hand and pulls her panties aside for him, he guides his cock into her and she lowers herself onto him. John has moved to the back of the settee, Shirley straddled across Mike with his cock in her, has her face at the level of the back of the settee, Johns cock level. He puts his hand on the side of her head and grasps a handful of her blonde hair, he pulls her head forward and she takes his cock, now hard again since he fucked her, into his mouth. Her arse is taught pulled against her panties and James watches as she bobs up and down on Mikes cock, taking his length up her and pressing onto Johns cock with her mouth. He wonders whether he should try and slip a length into her as well but unsure decides against. 
