 For many days after the events in "An Affair With a Girl," I was still floating on air. And, of course, still kicking myself for not trying that sooner! And, still dripping. The day after, I had needed to take a break at work to make myself cum, and had almost gotten caught when someone had walked by the bathroom stall I was in...just as I was climaxing, of course. Actually, I'm pretty sure she knew what I was doing, because when I went out to wash my hands, I got a funny look. Ah, well.

In any case, I had a new girlfriend! We e-mailed and talked on the phone every day. She had told me how turned on her fiancée had gotten listening to us from the other room, and they went at it for hours after I had left, and he wanted it every day as soon as he got home and at night, too! She said she was really sore, and could use some help. It was a large hint that they wanted a threesome. 

I hadn't really thought about that.

He was kind of cute. Dark hair, muscular but not overly so. But, he was hers. I had enough to worry about with my own situation, and wasn't going anywhere near screwing up someone else's relationship. It's all fine and dandy when it's a fantasy, but I had enough experience to know that the after-effects could very easily ruin a lot of things.

But, she was absolutely, and positively serious. She said she had been thinking about it for over a year, and they had been looking for a participant who would be a good match for them both. Apparently, I fit the bill. I asked a million questions, just to make sure she wouldn't regret it afterwards. She assured me that as long as she was there, she was perfectly fine with it.

I finally said OK. We were to meet that weekend, I would go over to their house in the morning. 

Ahhh, a day of both sexes...what more could I ask for?

I tried to keep it out of my mind for the next few days, because I was actually scared! I had never done this before, and although I absolutely adore sex, it was quite intimidating. What if I screwed up? Or wasn't 'good' enough? I tried pushing all the insecurities away, and finally settled on 'just have FUN.'

Nevertheless, when the morning of the big day came and I was driving over there, I had some serious butterflies going on. So much so that I almost chickened out and turned around to go home. 

Almost.

I would be very glad I didn't.

* * *

I knocked on the door, still nervous, but the anticipation was making me quite horny now. Lili opened the door with a wide grin, hearty hello, and huge hug. Aaron was on the couch and gave a friendly wave and a "Hi!"

"Hey, it smells good in here!" I said, about the lovely aroma of the joint they had already smoked. That would explain the goofy grins on their faces...

I plopped down on the couch next to Lili so our asses were kissing. The couch was a bit smaller with 3 people on it. It was still odd, being in such close contact with another female, but it was also quite comfy. She was very soft, much different than sitting next to a bony-assed guy. We chatted a bit about work, the weather, just chit-chat, as Aaron rolled another. I don't usually smoke much, but it was necessary, I knew, to get rid of the nerves.

There was a movie playing on their huge TV as we relaxed and passed the happy stick around. I started to feel the effects, and zoned out, giggling at the movie. I felt a hand caress my left leg softly. I turned and looked at Lili, and moved in for a long, languid kiss. I swung my legs over hers so they were touching Aaron, and kissed her again, more comfortable now. We really got into it, and knew we were not just there for each other, but to put on a show for Aaron as well. Not that it was hard to do -- Lili has these full, soft lips that were just made for kissing. Our tongues danced with each other, and I would give a soft bite to her lower lip every once in a while. We were in no rush, just enjoying the feel of each other. I went down to give her neck some attention, which she loved as much as I did, and felt another set of hands on my feet before they started running up my legs. Aaron was feeling left out.

Adding Aaron added quite a bit of excitement to all of this. The feeling of kissing a woman, while a man was running his hands round my lower half put me in quite a hazy state of mind. I was lovin it.

I moved my foot to massage Aaron's inner thigh before moving it up to caress his already hard cock through the confines of his jeans. As my foot moved up and down slowly, the rest of my attention was focused on his fiancée. Our kissing became more hungry as I ran my hand slowly from her face, to her lips, then trailed my wet fingers down her neck to massage her gorgeous tits and nipples. With one foot, I pushed Aaron's leg wider, and with the other, I pushed Lili's open. She moaned softly into my mouth as my hand moved down to rub the hot spot in her jeans. I started out slow, then teased her with fast fingers, bringing her hips up to push harder against them.

I heard the sound of a fly unzipping, and we both looked over at Aaron, who was watching us with glazed eyes, slowly stroking his beautiful, hard cock. He saw an opportunity in the interruption, and moved closer to us, kissing us both, wrapping an arm around each of our waists. 

Since everyone's breathing was becoming a bit more labored, it was time to move on to bigger and better things -- the bedroom. As soon as we entered, Lili turned and kissed Aaron with a longing that made me jealous, as I came up behind and cupped her breasts, pinching her nipples, before I ran my hands under her shirt, caressing, and quickly stripped her of the burdensome thing. I undid her bra from the back and reached around to pull Aaron in closer to her, so he was pressing against her naked flesh. I ducked around Lili to strip Aaron of his shirt as well while nibbling on Lili's neck. His lips slid down Lili's neck to meet mine, taking me by surprise. I gasped as he kissed me -- he had an incredible tongue, and I was even more excited by how he was going to put it to use in other places soon. Our tongues twined as he did my shirt the same favor I had done his, and we stood there kissing passionately, Lili pressed hard between us. I broke the kiss and moved my hungry mouth back to her neck, as I wasn't totally comfortable with being so turned on by another chick's guy yet. 

My hands went around to unbutton and unzip her jeans. I ran them around inside, down the front of her thighs, before pulling them down to sit around her ankles. I pushed her to the side for a moment while I dropped Aaron's trousers and shorts as well, then pushed her back into place in front of him to make a Lili sandwich again. My hands ran along her sides, teasing as I ran them along the inside of her panties. I pulled them down, dropping to my knees to follow them as my lips kissed her ass. I reached between her thighs to grab Aaron's cock, and pushed it up against Lili's wetness. I slowly stroked him up against her as I explored her ass with my tongue. Her hips began moving in rhythm as she arched her back a bit, allowing easier access. I pushed her legs farther apart so that now his cock was rubbing against her clit. I moved down so my head was between them, and my tongue found the other half of his cock and my lips pushed him up into her...harder...harder. He began thrusting more insistently, and it was getting pretty hard for them to remain standing, so we all tumbled onto the bed together. Fortunately, they had a king-sized one. 

Lili did the honors of freeing me from my jeans as her head disappeared between my legs. Her tongue licked slowly at first, and I could tell she was in the same predicament I had been in -- not sure what to do next. I raised my hips a bit to help her out, telling her she was doing just dandy! She spread my lips apart with gentle fingers and licked my inner lips on each side, before running her tongue slowly up the middle of my folds. I felt hands on my stomach, running up to cup first one breast, then the other. My head was thrown back into the pillows -- I didn't know who was touching me and really didn't care. That question was answered anyway, as I felt the warm, wet mouth gently take my nipple in to suck. This was just too much! Having a beautiful woman licking and sucking on my pussy, while her fiancée sucked my nipples...my body began writhing in agony as I felt the orgasm building. Lili concentrated on wetly sucking my clit...it felt oh so heavenly...and Aaron sucked and lightly bit my nipples like there was no tomorrow. My hips began convulsing wildly as I began to cum. I went rigid for a long, mind blowing moment, as the waves of intense pleasure took over my entire consciousness, and Lili and Aaron sucked even harder. I began to practically scream as my body started shaking again, and they both eased off a bit. I came twice, one following the other by only a few seconds.

I was absolutely spent, in la la land, dopey as hell after that. For a while.

* * *

Lili and I lay side by side as Aaron perched above us, looking like the cat that had just eaten the canary. We were his for the taking, which he seemed to be reveling in. He kissed Lili first as I watched...so extremely hot. I suppose I've always been a bit of a closet voyeur, so I wasn't too far behind Aaron in absolutely and completely enjoying just watching them for a few minutes. There was just something in watching them, uninhibited, devour each other's mouths. Something that's usually so private between two people was being shared, and I was just enjoying watching them increase each other's heat with their lips, teeth, and tongues. He finished off his kiss with a sucking of her lower lip, and turned to me, for the same treatment. I was so turned on again already that I pretty much devoured him, and as he responded in kind, waves of anticipation ran through me again. He moved his tongue down my neck and gave a little suck before moving downward. He cupped my breasts with his hands and just looked for a moment, before running his hot tongue slowly over each nipple. 

I was in heaven. My hips responded, moving up and down, gyrating, searching for something...anything. 

Then he moved back to Lili. Such a tease.

He kissed her hotly again, and she responded in kind. Not one to be left out, I moved my head in so that I was kissing them both too. He moved off her mouth to give mine full attention for a quick second, before disappearing south into her body. I kissed Lili again, and though I couldn't see what Aaron was doing, she was obviously really liking it! Her kissing became more insistent as I felt her body start to writhe next to me. I pulled gently at her hair, then caressed her face. My hand wandered around her sides and belly, stopping to play with Aaron's hair, gently pushing his head a litter harder into Lili's hot sodden cunt. I could feel what he was doing with his lips and tongue between her legs, and imagined him doing it to me, while thoroughly enjoying the effect it was having on her.

My fingers found her hardened nipples and I began to twirl and lightly pinch. As her breaths became shorter, her body stiffened, and I pinched her nipples a little harder between my fingers, absolutely loving the feel of another woman about to cum. She moaned as it hit, her head thrown back. I ravaged her mouth, moaning into hers as well. It was almost as good as cumming myself!

Aaron moved quickly into her as she was still under the spell of her prodigious orgasm. A long, low groan escaped from his throat as he began pushing into her faster. It was a sight to see. Lili's head was still lolling on the pillow, and watching Aaron thrust into her was absolutely amazing. I moved my hand down to help out, letting his rock hard cock slide in between my fingers, while my palm hit Lili's engorged lips with each thrust. Aaron was grunting with pleasure now, and Lili was moaning in ecstasy, never having fully recovered from her first orgasm. I moved my hand faster, up and down his shaft, while pulsing on Lili's hot pussy. Lili came first...her body went completely rigid as she began to whimper. I didn't slow down as her hips came up to meet Aaron's thrusts better, my hand stuck between them, prolonging her pleasure. Aaron was all hips as he greedily buried his hot stiff cock into Lili's snatch and came then, and oh my, did he cum. I watched, my jaw dropping, as his face contorted and he began to wail with the pleasure. His body was stilled for the longest moment before he came out a little and thrust right back in, still cumming.

The shit-eating grin returned first to Lili's face, then to Aaron's as he collapsed next to her. Watching them had me absolutely sopping wet, but first, a shower was in order...