 I got June back to our room without too much difficulty. Thankfully, I didn't have to carry her. She's a big girl, and I'm not as fit as I once was. She was drunk as hell, almost as drunk as New Year's Eve 2016, but not quite. That night she did an impromptu pole dance, flashing her boobs and ass to all of our employees. She was sick for two days after that. As I helped her lay down on the bed, I wondered how sick she would be this time.

She was pulling at me as she looked up drunkenly. "Baby, are you mad at me?" she asked, badly slurring her words and barely able to keep her eyes open. "Dennis told me you said it was ok."

I shook my head. "Get some sleep, June. We'll talk about it later." She smiled and curled up, tucking the pillow under her head and held tightly to my hand. I covered her up, kissed her forehead, and then had to remove her fingers forcefully.

I thought about her question. Was I mad? Not really. I wasn't thrilled, but mad was not how I would describe how I felt. Now, don't get me wrong. I wasn't turned on, like some pathetic cuckold, that my wife had been sucking another man's cock behind my back. Mostly, I was shocked. It surprised the hell out of me that June got so loosened up as to go to Whitey's room and suck his dick.

I couldn't blame her. She was drunk off her ass and had to be horny as hell. I had gotten her all worked up before we went to the pool. Then, she had on that revealing bikini, and I let old Whitey rub suntan lotion all over her. So, I guess Whitey assumed we were swingers. I mean, hello, it was a swinger's resort. He probably thought I was gone intentionally so long so they could fuck.

After all, I picked this place to spice up our marriage, knowing full well what people did at the hotel. I just never expected June to jump into swinging before me. Maybe I felt jealousy. I was jealous that another man was doing something naughty with my wife. I also was jealous that June was getting to be naughty and I wasn't. I felt relieved, too. I was relieved that I had found her before things went too far. I wasn't sure if I wanted to embark on the "lifestyle," but if we did, I damn well wanted to be there when it happened!

So, to answer her question, no, I was not mad. However, we definitely needed to talk about rules and set up some boundaries so that accidents don't happen that we can't undo. The cat was out of the bag now, about the kind of resort we at which we were staying. June and I needed to talk about what, if anything, we were willing to do.

Now, I just needed her to wake up and not be sick for the rest of the trip.

I decided that I'd use the time to check out the resort. I put on my best blue-and-white Hawaiian shirt, a pair of navy swimming trunks, just in case, and a pair of Huarache sandals and headed back down. I made my way out to the bar by the pool. Keahi, the bartender from earlier, was shaking up a cocktail as I sat down.

"What'll it be? Another painkiller?" he asked with a wink.

"You remember everybody's drinks?" I asked, surprised that he'd remembered.

"It pays to remember details," he replied. "A bartender makes his money off of tips. So, the better service I can provide, the better my tips. I don't see your lovely wife with you this time. Will she be joining you?"

"Naa, she overindulged in sun, booze and strange cock," I said with a laugh. Keahi's eyebrows raised at the mention of cock. "She's sleeping it off."

"First time to a swinger's resort?" he asked as he placed my cocktail in front of me.

"That obvious?" I asked.

"Painfully," he answered. "You can spot the newbies a mile away. Have you been over to the clothing-optional side yet?"

I grinned. "No, I was about to head over there but wanted to lube up a bit first." I took a big swig of the tropical concoction.

"You can take it with you," Keahi suggested. "There's another bar there too, but it has topless bartenders and servers, so you may not like it as much." He chuckled.

I laughed along with him, then stood, taking my drink. Just as I was about to leave, I remembered something. "Hey, what's up with the supply room I saw you in with that hottie from the front desk."

"Nalani," he explained. "She's a hottie for sure. We were fucking. It's kind of the worst kept secret at the resort." He proceeded to tell me the history of how the storage room became the go-to place for the staff to get in a quick romp now and then.

"You ever take guests in there?" I asked, grinning wickedly.

"All the time," Keahi said with a snicker. "Why, you want me to take your wife back there and show her a good time?"

"N-no," I stammered. "I was just wondering."

With that, I headed out, passed through the gate into the land of sin and carnal desires. The first thing I noticed was that it didn't seem all that different than the clothing-required side of the resort. That is until I passed through a second breezeway and came out at the other pool.

"Holy Shit!" I thought, as my cock immediately started getting hard. "We're not in Kansas anymore, Toto."

I now realized that the other pool was empty by comparison. This one was wall to wall people, and many of them were naked. My first impression was "boobs!" which was quickly replaced by "asses!" and that morphed into "oooooooh vaginas!". The only downside was all the weiners swinging around everywhere you looked. There were big ones, tiny ones, thick ones, and pencil-thin ones. I never knew dicks came in such variety.

I drained my cocktail and made my way to the bar and sat down on one of the few empty stools. There were three bartenders, all of them female and all of them topless. The one nearest me was black, with dark skin and long blonde hair that for some reason, didn't seem out of place. The other two appeared to be Hawaiian, with that beautiful, golden-bronzed, somewhat Asian looking appearance. All three were topless wearing only leis around their necks, grass skirts that came down to their knees and plumeria blossoms in their hair over their right ear.

"Hi! I'm Jasmine," said the black Goddess, as she placed a cocktail napkin down in front of me. "Can I get you a drink, sweetie?"

"Painkiller," I managed to get out when I wasn't staring at her tits. "I'm James. Turner. James Turner, but everybody calls me JT."

Jasmine noticed where my eyes were locked. It wasn't difficult, as I was not at all discrete. To my surprise, she wasn't offended. Instead, she leaned over the bar and wiggled them for me, giggling. "The views are free," she said seductively. My brain immediately tried to imagine that she was implying that other than looking might be possible, for the right price. My cock started throbbing in my pants.

Jasmine walked away to make my drink, and I took the opportunity to gaze around the bar. There was a couple next to me. They appeared to be in their mid-thirties. They were in a similar athletic condition to June and I. I smiled. She smiled back. I looked down. She had a nice rack, with what I figured were 36D boobs. They looked natural. Her nipples were light tan and were all crinkled up and puckery. Her boobs and chest were covered in freckles, making her look like a leopard, which matched her auburn hair nicely.

Just past them, still at the bar were a cluster of twenty-somethings, three males and two females. All of them looked like they fell out of a TV screen, straight from Vanderplump Drools or Bachelor Pad in Paradise. Over in the pool, a group of folks was playing co-ed volleyball. There was a mix of ages, sizes, and ethnicities involved in acting as if they cared about tossing a ball back and forth.

Laying out and lounging around had to be thirty or forty other people in varying degrees of undress. If all of this was not shocking enough, there was a group of about eight people in the spa having sex. There were four pairs of men and women, going at it. One guy was licking a chick's crotch as she sat on the edge while another girl was blowing a dude standing in front of her. Nearby, a couple was laying on the deck fucking missionary style, with her legs raised and her feet digging into his ass. The fourth couple was seated, with her sitting on his lap, facing away, bouncing up and down with the biggest pair of tits I've ever seen splashing in the water.

"Put your tongue back in your mouth and your eyes back in their sockets," Jasmine said with a giggle. "You've got 'First Timer' written all over your face."

I tore my gaze from the jacuzzi and grinned at the pretty bartender. "Yeah, I've never seen anything quite like this place. I didn't actually tell my wife what kind of place I was taking her for our second honeymoon. I figured to slide it in kinda subtle over the first couple of days."

"How'd that work out for you?" she asked with a smirk.

"Not too well," I replied, taking a sip from my drink. "June got shit-faced, I got the trots, and when I came back to the pool, she'd run off with a dude with white carpet on his chest and a dick like a baseball bat."

"Oh, she met Dennis," Jasmine stated confidently.

"Yeah, that's the fella," I said. "Though I call him Whitey."

"I call all y'all that, so it doesn't help," she replied with a wink.

"You're funny," I began. Jasmine bowed playfully. "Like a root canal," I concluded, winking back.

"So what happened with June and Dennis?" Jasmine asked, leaning over the bar conspiratorially, or maybe just to give me a better view of her perfect tits.

I licked my lips as I stared more. "Oh, not a whole lot. She was giving him a blowjob on his patio when I saw her. He threw his shorts at me to get my attention. Fucker wanted me to see what she was doing."

"Yeah, Dennis likes an audience," Jasmine said. "He can be a bit much, but he means well."

"So, I went up and retrieved my wife. Good thing I did. She woulda puked on him in another couple of minutes. She's passed out now."

"Poor thing," Jasmine said with fake sympathy. "And you decided to come down to the dark side while she sleeps it off? How naughty! I like that."

I was finding it hard to sit there with my cock hard and at an uncomfortable angle. I stood up and adjusted my Willie.

"You won't have that problem if you take them off and go au naturel, like everybody else," Jasmine suggested.

I chuckled. I wasn't sure I was ready to let my junk out for all to see. "Yeah, but then I'd have a bigger problem."

"What's that?"

"Where to hide my constant erection," I replied, laughing loudly. I finished my Painkiller, and honestly, I wasn't feeling any.

"I have a couple of ideas where you can hide it," Jasmine whispered.

"Are you trying to kill me on my second honeymoon?"

"Nope, just trying to help you have a good time in Paradise," Jasmine retorted. "If you think I meant hiding it in me, that's sweet of you, but I meant that lady over there in the pool on the red inner tube." Jasmine tilted her head to indicate where I should look.

"You mean the naked lady with the dark hair and big hooters?" I asked. "Why her?"

"She's been staring at you since you came in here," Jasmine said and walked away. "I'm just sayin', if I were a horny middle-aged man hiding out from his passed out wife and I could tap that, I'd be all over it."

I called out softly to Jasmine, "And here I was hoping you were gonna take me to the storage room and hang your lei on the door handle."

She heard me and nearly fell over laughing. She came running back over to me and asked, "How do you know about that?"

"Oh, when I was looking for my missing wife, I ran into Keahi in there with one of the girls from the front desk."

"Lila or Nalani?" Jasmine asked, with her eyes narrowed to slits.

"Noroni, I think he said."

"Nalani! That bitch! She's cheating on me!"

Ok, that surprised me. I didn't think Jasmine was a muff diver. I guess it is 2019 and that's normal for Millenials. "Sorry, but isn't this a swingers resort?"

"For the guests!" Jasmine replied. "Doesn't mean the employees are all share-and-share-alike. We said we'd be exclusively vegan."

"Vegan?" I asked, looking more confused than I sounded, which was pretty fucking confused.

"Yeah, no meat," she explained, but could tell I didn't get it, so she elaborated, "no cocks... get it? Vegan?"

"Oh, I get it. Vegan. Right."

"Come here," Jasmine said, grabbing me by the hand and pulling me with her.

"Where are we going?" I asked. I sure as fuck hoped she wasn't taking me to the front desk to be a witness against Nanani in a distaff catfight. "I don't want any trouble."

"Shut up and come on!" Jasmine demanded as she marched through the hotel. I really wanted to go. There was the inner tube lady, the debauched hot tub, hell at this point I'd settle for going back to my room and watching June snore!

Jasmine stopped in front of a door and punched four numbers on a keypad, then pushed me inside. As she closed the door, she pulled her lei off and hung it on the handle. Turning to me, she knelt and said, "Hurry the fuck up and take off those shorts!"

It blew me away that this sexy bartender wanted my Willie. I started working the velcro in front and the drawstring, but I was going to slow for Jasmine.

"Oh, let me do it," she said in frustration, "before I change my mind!"

She reached out, ripped my trunks open, and pulled my cock out. I'm not Dennis-sized, by any stretch of the imagination, but my six and three-quarters inches had served me well for almost fifty years, well the first two decades don't count. I was harder than I remember being since I was 19 and got caught jerking off to porn by my older brother's wife. I knew I would probably last about as long as I did back then. I only wish I had my 19-year-old recovery speed.

Jasmine tugged on my cock, and I groaned. She rubbed the head on her perky nipples, then lowered down more and started sucking on me. Her mouth felt incredible but watching her was even more amazing. A beautiful, young, woman was practically naked and slobbering on my cock. I was in hog heaven. That is until I started thinking about June.

Was she ok?

Had she thrown up in her mouth and drowned in her own vomit?

Had she been so caught up in what was going on earlier with Whitey that she sucked his cock? Kind of like what I was doing right now, letting Jasmine suck mine.

Shit.

"I can't, do this," I said meekly. Jasmine ignored me and kept sucking.

"Seriously, Jasmine, I can't do this," I reiterated. She pulled her mouth off my cock, and I nearly begged her to put it back on. 

"But, you are doing it," Jasmine replied as she continued stroking me.

"Yeah, but, I really need to go," I said. "I'm sorry."

I started pulling my swimming trunks back on. Jasmine stared at me.

"Why can't you?" she asked.

"Look, you're a beautiful girl," I admitted. "I'd normally give my left nut to be with someone like you, but I'm here on my second honeymoon, and my wife is asleep up in our room. I should be with her, not someone else."

Jasmine shook her head. "You came to a swingers resort. You're just doing what you came here to do." Her hand was still stroking me and damn she was making sense, or at least it seemed logical to my sex addled brain.

"Yeah, but whatever I end up doing at this resort," I replied as I succeeded in retrieving my penis and securing it in the trunks, "I want to do it with my wife, not without her. She may be old and out of shape and have droopy tits and stretch marks, but she's mine, and she loves me. And, dammit, I love her too."

Jasmine stood up and adjusted her grass skirt. She kissed me on the cheek and smiled. "Then go get her tiger. Maybe once you two figure out what you want to do, we can party together."

"You're not mad?" I asked.

"Naa," she answered. "Why would I be mad? I threw myself at some old, fat, bald..." 

"Balding!" I interrupted her to correct her.

"...balding guy, who turns me down for a middle-aged housewife with saggy tits and stretch marks. My self-esteem took a major hit, but I'm not mad."

She opened the door just as her girlfriend, Nonooki was walking by.

"Hey, Nalani!" Jasmine called out to her. "Meet my friend JT. I guess you're not the only one who's giving up being vegan."

I looked from one girl to the other, trying to disappear. Nanalli gave her girlfriend a dirty look, then hissed, "Slut!" before walking away.

"Tell that to Keahi, you whore!" Jasmine shouted back, then turned to me with a big smile. "Thanks, JT. That'll get her nice and pissed off for some hot makeup sex later."

"Glad I could help," I said as Jasmine went back to the bar as if nothing had ever happened. I grinned, shook my head, and headed back to my room to watch June snore.