 This is another story from Kelli, a female "collector" I met while posting my own journal entries. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.

(A Note from Kelli: 

You should read "The First Time" first... otherwise some of this story might not make much sense to you. This is, in fact, a true story of my beginnings into the world of sexual fun and games. There are, of course, some embellishments in order to make it more readable and more interesting. But the basics are the true. 

-Kelli) 

Jason and I enjoyed our sexual activities during that summer and, to make it perfectly clear, we were like rabbits! I'd discovered sex, or more to the point, I'd discovered cocks and how much fun they could be. From the very first time, I'd found pure pleasure, pure joy, in having his cock in my mouth, on my lips and against my tongue. For the first few weeks, we'd decided or rather agreed that we wouldn't have intercourse for a few weeks. Why I made that decision, I don't know, but it also doesn't matter and didn't even make sense at the time. 

After that initial event and our acceptance and understanding of it all, I sucked his cock, played with it, kissed it, licked it and generally loved on it to the best of my ability. During the summer vacation, we both had lots of free time during the day. Our parents both worked and were gone all day. Jason had a part-time job at a grocery store in the evenings ...starting at nine, I think? I had chores around the farm and in the house. Nearby neighbors did most of the actual farming, like putting up the hay and stocking the grain bins, but I had to feed and care for our horses, cattle and chickens. Dad was, of course, what the local farmers called a "Gentleman Farmer" ...which was to them, a rather derogatory term. But most of them liked me and we got along quite well ...they didn't bother me, I didn't bother them.

But all of that is to say that whenever Jason wanted his cock sucked, he either came over to my place or he called me and we'd meet down at the swimming hole at the creek between our farms. And this isn't to say that I didn't call him sometimes, but he seemed to always beat me to the punch. I'd often be reaching for the phone to see if I could suck him off when the damned thing would ring ...and it would be Jason! He was wonderful and special to me, but we never considered ourselves girl-friend/boy-friend ...we were just sex partners and friends. 

But this day would be a bit different than usual and I can remember it plainly ...an event that was to change my whole world: 

I'd finished the chores around the farm and had just stepped out of the shower when the phone rang. I grinned happily and glanced at the clock ...9 am. I'd planned to call him just as soon as I got out of the shower ...but like most days, his timing was just a bit ahead of me. I giggled aloud as I reached for the phone. 

"Hi, Jas," I said, sounding as happy as I felt.

"Kelli," he said. "Can I come over? Are your chores all done?"

I laughed and thought about spending the whole morning with him ...naked and happy with his cock in my mouth or in my cunt. I said cheerfully, "Sure, Jason, I'm ready. Where do you want to meet?" And it wouldn't have matter a damned bit if my chores had not been done or he'd wanted to meet on the moon! I was ready.

There was a slight hesitation, then he said, "Well, it rained last night I think ...the grass will be wet, won't it?" I then remembered when I was doing my chores that the ground was a little wet and muddy, so it would probably be worse at the meeting place by the creek. But before I could say anything, he continued, "I'll see you at the barn." 

He hung up before I could say anything ...which was quite normal for him. He was anxious to begin the sexual fun and games. I smiled happily and hung up the phone to get ready. I was as anxious as he was. As I hurried to dress, I wondered why I bothered ...my clothes would be off within moments of hugging and kissing him. But he also enjoyed the little show of stripping me and loved watching me parade around in my skimpy underwear. Mom still wouldn't allow me to buy and have thongs, but I had a secret cache that she didn't know about. I didn't like keeping secrets like that, but I had no choice. Jason liked to see me strutting about wearing them and he kept telling me that I had a nice ass. It made me feel beautiful and sexy ...yeah, and grown up. Shorts and a cut-off t-shirt completed my outfit and I hurried out the door.

I was sitting on the bale of hay in the barn loft when he climbed the ladder. I smiled at him and stood up. "Hi, Jas," I said as he hurried to hug and kiss me.

Stepping back as he always did, looking up and down my body, he grinned and said, "Damn, Kelli, you're so damned cute!" 

We both laughed and I stepped to him and hugged his neck, kissing him again. He took hold of my wrist and pulled me towards the large blanket that I'd spread out on the soft thickness of hay. He stepped onto the blanket and within seconds was standing naked and erect ...grinning at me. As always, I stepped close to him and held out my arms in supplication. Grinning, he pulled my shirt over my head and undid the snap and zipper of my shorts. 

Smiling happily, he said, "Geez, you're really beautiful, Kelli ...really!" 

I smiled wearing nothing but the tiny thong ...strings and a tiny, tiny patch of red cloth covering my cunt. I felt beautiful and very happy with him standing there in front of me, smiling and looking at me. As usual, I turned around and around slowly, putting on a little show so he could see all of me. He grinned and his cock seemed even stiffer, which always made me grin happily. There was always a bit of conflicting emotions about it. I felt mildly embarrassed at being practically naked and stared at, but at the same time, I loved the sense of being on display. That same conflict of feelings has followed me to this day – it was the sense, the feeling of being displayed by someone as opposed to displaying myself.

In a few moments of watching me, staring at my body, he settled down on the blanket and moaned sensually. His beautiful cock was hard and standing almost straight up from his belly. Grinning up at me and, holding out his arms, he said, "Ooh, Kelli, I've waited all night for you to suck my dick ...come here!"

I giggled and settled down happily beside him. My hand grasped his hard cock and I grinned at him, "Hey, I've been waiting, too, ya' know!" We laughed as I bent down and kissed the beautiful, reddish-purple head of his cock. "God, Jas, it's beautiful." I said as I stroked it and caressed it tenderly, lovingly. He settled back murmuring his pleasure as I kissed and licked the big, hard cock. "Geez," I said, "I love this big ol' thing, Jas ...just love it!" 

I opened my mouth and bent down letting it slide slowly, sensually across my lips, over my tongue and into my mouth. Oh, my god, I thought, this is definitely heaven! As I attended to the worship of it, I often wondered why other girls weren't sucking cocks, too. And worse, many of them considered it dirty or humiliating or degrading, for god's sake. Poor, poor girls, I thought ...they wouldn't know the real pleasure and joy of sucking cocks. Many times, I had the urge to tell all my girlfriends what a wonderful, special sensation it was. But thankfully, I controlled those urges a little better than my cocksucking urges. But I had him in my hand then and I didn't have time to worry about my foolish, prudish girlfriends. 

I always tried to take my time and enjoy the big, hard cock in my mouth. From that very first time, I knew that once he spurted the first load of cum, he'd be done and I'd have to wait for him to recover. So I was careful to watch and sense his reactions to my sensual and sexual ministrations. In just a short time, I'd learned to play his cock like a master musician ...drawing out the pleasure to the very last note. I also learned that I could keep him on the edge of orgasm for only so long or it would begin to hurt him. I tried to find that fine line where I could enjoy it to the fullest and yet give him the full pleasure of an intense orgasm. We were a good team and a happy team, that's for sure!

I loved sucking his big cock and continued to provide as much pleasure for him as I could ...oh, sure, and for myself, too. But he was important to me ...if for no other reason than that big, beautiful, hard cock was attached to him! But seriously, it was important to me to give him that pleasure. In many ways, his pleasure increased my own greatly. 

I sucked and loved on his big, hard cock for many minutes, keenly aware of his reactions to everything that I did. We both enjoyed my tongue exploring his cock inside my mouth ...sliding over and around the head and the little, sensitive ridge of flesh around the head. With just a bit of effort, more like pleasure, I could make him cum with just that action alone. But we both liked to carry it out further, longer, and to enjoy my sucking and licking and kissing as long as possible. But, alas, men just can't hold it forever. It's too intense for them ...and something just has to give! 

His body tensed up and the muscles of his belly hardened. He quit caressing my head, shoulders and breast. His moans were different, more like grunting and groaning from pain than from pleasure. I knew he was close and so made an effort to keep my lips sealed around that beautiful shaft, even while licking around the head and corona. In moments, his hot cum spurted into my mouth and onto my tongue. It was always a pleasant moment for me, but it also marked the beginning of the end of my own pleasure. With my eyes locked onto his, I made exaggerated motions, sucking his cock with added vacuum in order to get the very last drops of cum. I always winked at him and hoped that my eyes conveyed my pleasures. He loved to watch me swallow his cum. So after sucking it dry, I pulled off and looked at him. He smiled at me as I swallowed with an added facial exaggeration, giving him that extra enjoyment. 

"Oh, god, Kelli," he said, grinning and happy. "You're the greatest ...absolutely the greatest little cocksucker on the planet!" 

I laughed and leaned down and kissed his cock, belly, chest and lips. Then laying my head on his belly, I began the soft, sensual touching and licking and kissing of his cock and testicles. It was in this position that we often talked and today was no different. He told me how wonderful I was, how sweet, how beautiful, how special, etc. It all made me feel so very beautiful and so warm and, of course, so grown up. 

Then sort of like out of the blue, he said, "Ahh, Kelli, ...ahh, my cousin is coming to visit." 

Kissing his lovely but limp cock, I said, "Hmm, that's nice." I didn't know anything about his cousin, but just assumed that it was some little kid. I also didn't have any idea what it would mean to me at the time.

Jason caressed my naked shoulder and back and said, "Well, he'll be here tomorrow ...ahh, no, wait, the day after tomorrow, I think." I didn't say anything. For one thing, I was busy playing with and licking his cock. In a few moments, he said the one thing that made me take notice. "I've gotta spend time with him, Kelli."

I lifted up into a sitting position beside him and looked at him. "Spend time with him?" I asked. "What does that mean?" 

"Well, I won't be able to see you much ...well, not at all, I guess." 

"What!" I cried out. "What do you mean? Jas, talk to me ...tell me!" 

"Well, he comes here every year and we ...well, we always ...you know, do things and stuff." He looked at me and must have seen my confusion, if not my fear. "Kelli, I don't ...ahh, want to, but I have to. I mean, he's my cousin, you know?"

I was confused, but it was beginning to make sense ...and at the same time, it was beginning to make me angry. "You can't see me ...when he's here? While he's here? Why not?" I looked at him for some reaction, then quickly said, "I mean, you don't have to be with him ...like, all day, do you?"

Just the _expression on his face told me the answer to that question. And I was horrified ...shocked and hurt and upset and ...well, all of those things and more! I stared down at him and frowned angrily, "Ahh, dammit, Jas! How long is that little bastard gonna' be here?"

He chuckled at little and tried to calm me down some, which didn't work too well from my own perspective. He caressed my breast and nipple and said, "Kelli, he's not a ...well, 'little' bastard. Hell, he's in his twenties!" 

At my frown and _expression, he must have seen even more shock and anger. "Kelli, don't get mad. Geez, I can't do anything about it ...you know that!" Then tugging lightly on my nipple, which he knew always made me happy, he continued, "He'll only be here a week, so...?" 

"A WEEK?" I yelled angrily. His tugging on my nipple was not enough to make me happy that time! "Are you saying that I ...we won't be able to ...I won't see you for a whole fuckin' WEEK?"

"Oh, Kelli, it ain't my fault, dammit." He said after I'd slapped him on the chest. "I mean, I want to see you, too, but...? Kelli, I can't help it." And then he said something that began a course that was to last the remainder of my life. He looked at me and said, "What the hell am I supposed to do, Kelli, ...bring him along with me?"

No, that one comment didn't fully register with him or me at the time. He'd said it in the frustrations of the moment. But the seed had been planted ...it just needed some nourishment and tender loving care to grow healthy and strong. For the rest of the day, I tried and tried to calm myself, to resign myself to the fact that I'd not be able to enjoy his body for a whole week. It was difficult for me. I had in my mind a never-ending fantasy of sexual pleasure and enjoyment, and he was central to it all. And with that in mind, I was now expected to survive for an entire week without him or his beautiful, hard cock. I honestly didn't know how I could do it ...the days without him would seem horribly long and painful, if I survived at all.

We made love, or rather had sex, several times that day and, with great reluctance, I finally let him leave only moments before my parents were to come home. I felt so sad, so hurt and so confused but I also knew that it wasn't Jason's fault. I tried to be nice, tried to be happy for his sake, but I didn't accomplish it well. I was sad and I was angry at a world that would do something so terrible to someone! 

Mom and Daddy noticed my sadness and both wanted to know what was wrong. Well, that would be cute, wouldn't it? I should just blurt out that, for a whole week, I'd not be able to suck and fuck Jason? That I wouldn't be able to feel him inside my mouth and cunt for a whole damned week? Geez, I was a sad little girl, and with no one to talk to and no one to calm my fears ...that's a terrible feeling for a naïve, young girl!

That evening, as usual, Jason called me. We always talked some in the evenings before he went to work. We sometimes talked after he got home, but as it was always late, I had to call him ...my mom wouldn't allow incoming calls so late. Just hearing his voice picked up my spirits some, though to get me into a good mood it would take a helluva lot more than just a little. 

"Hi, Jas," I said, sounding as cheerful as I could under the circumstances. "Am I going to see you tomorrow?" 

"Yeah, please," he said with a quick chuckle. "I'll meet you at the barn." Then before I could say anything, he said, "Kelli, I've been thinking ...I mean about Andy and all. I know it sounds ...well, sneaky, but what if I can get away for just a short time? Would that be ...well, could we do that?"

"Yeah, Jas, sure ...but for how long? And, damn, what if ...well, what if Andy comes searching for you?" I hesitated, but plunged ahead with an idea that I'd had earlier, "Jas, what if ...well, I mean, would Andy mind if you left him for an hour or so? I mean, couldn't he just ...well, wait for us to finish?"

"Hey, I thought of that, too. But he's gonna want to know what the hell I'm doin', ya' know? He's bound to ask a lot of questions. And worse, what if he wanders around and finds us...?" He stopped for a moment, then said, "Kelli, would it be a big deal if he ...well, if he saw us?"

"What!" I shouted. "What the hell does that mean? Are you saying that he's gonna stand there and ...watch us? Jas, you idiot!"

Jason laughed at his own foolishness, but then, in what I took to be humor, he said, "Yeah, Hell, ...why don't I invite him to join us!"

I laughed at the seeming absurdity of it and said, "Yeah, great, huh? Then I'd have two of you to suck and fuck, huh." We laughed for a moment. 

"Kelli," he said with seriousness in his voice. "You've always said that ...well, that you wish I would last longer. If Andy was there, you could ...I mean, he'd be ...ahh, well...?"

That comment coupled with his earlier statement of "What the hell am I supposed to do, Kelli, ...bring him along with me?" sparked something inside of me. The idea had been broached earlier, but I'd dismissed it out of hand ...but in the back of my mind, it was not so easily dismissed. I'd thought about it some, but had no idea on how to handle such a thing.

"Jason, what the hell are you ...I mean, are you suggesting that I ...I mean, ...with your cousin?" 

It should be remembered that as far as I was concerned, every guy on Earth had a cock just like Jason's. I didn't know any others! And many times in the past, during our playtime, one or the other of us would make mention that it would be nice if there were two Jason's for me. But it was always in fun and joking ...but now it was staring me in the face. The seriousness to me, at the time, was clearly evident. I could see no way that I could even survive without sucking on his cock or fucking him each day ...the very thought of it was horrifying to me. How I was to live without him for the whole week was simply beyond my comprehension. As far as I could tell, I'd die of loneliness and be gone long before the week was over! Poor little Kelli would shrivel up and die without Jason's cock to suck and fuck! 

Jason didn't hear my thoughts, of course, but we were pretty close and often seemed to share our thoughts. Although he didn't sound so certain, he said, "Well, Kelli, I just don't know what to do ...hell, I can't make it one day without you, how the hell am I gonna' make it through a whole week?"

Once again, it's one of those things that I'll never be able to explain. I don't recall actually thinking about it much or making the decision, but I said, "Jason, what if I did?" There was silence on the other end of the line. I wasn't sure what he was thinking, but after a long moment of silence, I said, "I mean, Jas, would you ...I mean, how would you feel if...?"

There was an awkward silence, then he said, "Geez, Kelli, I don't know. I mean, I think it would be ...well, kind of exciting ...wouldn't it?" Then he quickly amended it by saying, "Well, ...ahh, watching you, I mean? Geez, you're so cute and ...well, you have a nice body and I like to ...well, look at you."

I simply wasn't wise enough to know how to view that situation. But his words of praise for me made me feel wanted, needed and loved. I knew that he was also having a difficult time coping with this new situation. I closed my eyes and tried my best to envision it. I couldn't help but think of Jason after his orgasm and his lovely cock limp and dangling ...and then me just turning to suck Andy off. But I simply couldn't make that connection ...all cocks were Jason's cock ...I had no other image in my mind. I had no other sensations with which to compare. Would it feel the same in my mouth as Jason's cock? How was I supposed to know?

But the deciding factor in it all was that I either sucked off Andy or I was not going to be able to see Jason for a whole week. That seemed like an eternity to me. In the past weeks, I'd seen him every single day, sometimes several times a day. A week without him? A week of not sucking him off and fucking him? No, that was simply impossible. It was a situation that was unimaginable to me. I just knew that I'd die without it ...and it would be a horrible, painful death! 
