 I swung my car off Brighton Road and drove down Highwood Street, pulling into the parking lot in front of Kuhn's grocery store. It was eight in the evening and the lot was almost empty. The store closes at nine and I wanted to get my shopping done before it closed. I parked near the back of the lot so there were no cars near me. I wore a pull over top that my tits showed through a little bit, and cut off short shorts which let my ass cheeks hang out enough to attract a lot of guys stares. And I loved it. I walked through the lot and into Kuhn's store where I grabbed a cart and started pushing it.

"Hey, Ms Kubik, looking good tonight," called Billy, the young boy working the cash register. He gave me a dirty smile and a wave.

I smiled at him and kept going, wheeling the cart toward the back of the store. I reached the vegetable section and started looking for what I needed. I dropped some potatoes and carrots into my cart, and I was squeezing some cucumbers when I felt someone come up behind me. Suddenly, my ass cheeks rippled as I felt hands squeezing and playing.

"Yo, Lois Kubik, you lookin good tonight, Mami. Damn, but your white ass feels fine." 

I recognized Ramdickman's voice. Ramdickman is his online moniker. All the young boys in my neighborhood use their online nicknames. Ramdickman is my neighbor and he is 18 with a fine, hard black body. He graduated from Oliver High School in June and was planning to go to Community College in September. He loves my big white tits and is always trying to get me out of my clothes. I have let him do it a few times. 

He bent me over the cucumber bin and slid his hands up inside my shorts, playing with my ass. He reached down and grabbed a handful of my shorts and yanked upward hard as he could. Then he reached around the front and grabbed a handful once more and yanked even harder upward. The crotch of my shorts was pulled tight up inside my pussy and ass crack. The bottom of my shorts was up around my waist in the back, exposing all of my ass, and my pussy lips showed out the front.

Now, Ramdickman reached up inside my pull over and began squeezing my tits and pulling them. He lifted my blouse up and off my white tits, letting all 42DD inches fall out for him to play with. Turning me around, he started sucking my tits. 

"Oh, Ramdickman, I love that but I have to finish my shopping. Please."

"Ok, Lois, I'll let you finish, then we will have some fun."

He gave me an evil grin, and I couldn't help smiling back at him. It sounded good. I straightened up and started rolling my cart toward the meat section. I looked back and saw him on his cell phone and wondered if he was calling his friends. Oh well, if he did it would just be that much more fun. I didn't bother fixing my shorts. I liked the way it looked.

The meat section was dark. There were no employees working in it and most of the lights were turned off. I pushed my cart to the back freezer near the door to the cutting room where the butchers worked. The freezer had packages of lunch meat stacked half way up in it. This area was the darkest of all. I leaned over the freezer and started shuffling meat packages around then I felt fingers tickling the bottom of my ass cheeks.

Ramdickman had followed me to the meat department. He pressed close to me, sliding his palms all over my ass cheeks and I couldn't help smiling as it felt so good. 

"Nice, Lois, you got a fine white ass," said Ramdickman. He slid his hands from my ass around my waist and up the front of my blouse. He squeezed and fondled my tits, then slipped his hands under the elastic bland on my blouse and gripped my flesh, pulling my big white tits out from under the blouse. He squeezed and pinched my nipples, driving me crazy.

"Oh, Ramdickman, I'll never get my shopping done like this."

"That's the plan, Lois. Fuck the shopping. Your ass and tits feel to good to waste time shopping."

I could feel Ramdickman's hard cock in his pants, pressing against my ass. I was bent over the freezer as Ramdickman played with me. I heard the sound of feet and turned my head. Big Balls, Ramdickman's friend, was hustling down the aisle with a big smile on his face. 

Big Balls walked up just as Ramdickman pulled me upright and turned me around to face him. He shook both my tits up and down in front of Big Balls, letting his friend grab hold then lean down and start to suck them.

"Damn, Lois, I want to titty fuck these big boobs," said Big Balls, squeezing and playing with them. "I want to pump my big hard black cock between your big white tits n into your mouth, Mami. I'll feed your sweet white face a cum load and you can show me how you like to swallow it."

Big Balls laughed and I heard Ramdickman chuckle behind me. I didn't say anything, but I really wanted them to nut their cum loads in my mouth and all my other holes to. In the next moment, Big Balls unzipped the front of my shorts and pulled them down around my ankles. He twisted me around and bent me over. Ramdickman had his black cock out of his pants sticking it up into my face. He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back forcing my mouth open. Then he shoved his black cock into my mouth and started pumping my head up and down on it. Big Balls gripped my ass cheeks and spread them wide apart. I felt his cock head rub my ass hole and then in one hard thrust he drove his black cock deep up into my ass. I couldn't scream because my mouth was filled with Ramdickman's cock. The 2 boys pumped me hard from both ends. And I loved it.

Big Balls pounded his cock up my ass, while Ramdickman pumped my head hard and vicious on his black cock. They worked me over for at least 15 minutes until both black studs had emptied their cum loads into my holes. It took me a few minutes to get my breath after the boys worked me over. But I loved it all. 

"Are you guys done?" I asked when I got my breath.

They both laughed as they put away their limp wet cocks. "We are done for now, Lois, but not forever," said Ramdickman. I was struggling to get back into my clothes. Big Balls noticed and said to Ramdickman, "Yo, let's help the white ho get dressed." I saw them both grin and nod their heads.

I zipped up my shorts and pulled my blouse back over my head. Big Balls stepped forward and grabbed the zipper on my shorts. He reached one hand inside my shorts and gripped the zipper with the fingers of his other hand. He took two fingers and pushed hard on the bottom. Suddenly, the zipper teeth separated at the bottom. Big Balls moved his fingers half way up, breaking the teeth apart. My zipper was now broken and showed my pussy and pussy hair out the bottom of the zipper. Ramdickman liked what Big Balls did to my zipper so he took a knife out of his pocket and cut the elastic band off the bottom of my blouse, letting my big tits fall out the bottom. My blouse was now so short it couldn't cover all of my nipples. My big tits hung down so that my nipples showed at the bottom of my blouse. I now had no choice but to finish my shopping like this. 

Ramdickman and Big Balls helped me finish my shopping while they played with my pussy, tits and ass. There weren't many people in the store so I was lucky there. In a short time I pushed my cart up to the checkout aisle. Kuhn's was getting ready to close, so only the manager, in his office, and Billy at the checkout counter were still working. Billy's eyes widened as he watched me push my cart through the checkout aisle to the register. A smile crossed his face as he saw Ramdickman and Big Balls move along with me. 

I bent over the cart and started putting the food on the counter for Billy to ring up. As I did, Big Balls slid his hands up over my my tits pulling them out from under my cut blouse. "Yo, Billy, is Lois Kubik's big tits a 2 for 1 sale today?" He said, bouncing my tits up and down for Billy to see. 

"I think you get those for free every day, Big Balls," said Billy, laughing. Both of them took some classes together at Oliver High School, so Billy knew how wild Big Balls could be. 

"Stop out at our car after work and you'll see what we get for free," laughed Big Balls, waving my tits around. Billy grinned at me, and I couldn't help smiling back at him. Finally, Big Balls let go of my tits and I continued putting the food up on the counter. Billy checked each item out slowly. He was in no hurry to finish, as he watched Ramdickman and Big Balls play with my pussy and tits. Occasionally turning me around and pulling my shorts aside, one of them would stick their finger up in my ass hole for Billy to see. I can't complain, because I loved all of it, especially having Billy watch it all. Finally, he finished ringing up my order and the three of us left the store as the manager locked the door behind us.

Walking to my car, I carried the 2 small bags of groceries while Ramdickman and Big Balls played with my ass, tits and pussy. Half way across the lot, they took the bags out of my hands and put them on the ground. Then Ramdickman yanked my blouse up over my head and off me. At the same time, Big Balls yanked my shorts down around my ankles. He pulled the shorts off me, removing my shoes at the same time. I stood naked in the middle of Kuhn's parking lot. I turned and looked at both of them, making sure my big white 42DD tits bounced as I turned. I spotted Billy leaving the store and walking through the lot toward the sidewalk. Seeing me naked with my big tits bouncing, he changed direction and started walking toward us. 

"Yo, Lois, get moving to your car. My boys are waiting." said Ramdickman, slapping me on my ass. 

I turned and walked to my car as two other black studs got out of Ramdickman's car and started toward us. I recognized Gunner and High Score. Gunner goes to community College with Ramdickman, and High Score is a year behind Big Balls at Oliver High School. I knew this was going to be rough and mean with those two in it.

I reached the car at the same time Gunner and High score got there. Big Balls and Ramdickman followed behind me, stopping to put the bags in my trunk. Gunner wasted no time. He grabbed my big white tits and started squeezing and sucking them. Putting his mouth over my nipple, he began to bite me driving me crazy. 

High Score stepped behind me, sliding his black hands over my ass and between my legs. He shoved 2 of his fingers inside my wet pussy, finding my clit right away. He squeezed and tickled my clit, gently jerking it like a hand job on a cock. 

"Oh yea, High Score, do it, do it, please do it more. Finger fuck my pussy, High Score, please."

"Lois. I'm gonna stick my big black cock up your white ass and then nut a big load of cum in your asshole. After that, I'm gonna shove my cock in your mouth and let you lick and suck the cum and shit off my cock while you give me a good blowjob. What you think of that?"

My body was shaking all over and I was working on my second orgasm as I said, "Oh yea, High Score, I'll suck shit and cum off your cock, I'll suck your ass baby, just keep finger fucking me, please keep going."

Ramdickman and Big Balls finished putting my grocery bags in the trunk. As they walked around the side of the car, Ramdickman said, "Hey, stop fuckin wid the bitch and put her ass in the car before the cops come and see you fucking her in the middle of the lot."

"That wouldn't be so bad," said Gunner, "and Lois wouldn't mind having someone watch her swallowing all our cocks, would you bitch?" By now Gunner had his big black cock out of his pants and in my mouth. I couldn't talk with my mouth filled with his thick meat. "That's all right, Lois, you don't got to answer, you just nod your head yes that be good enough," said Gunner, pumping my head furiously up and down on his cock, making it look like I was saying yes. 

"Get her in the car," said Ramdickman, "I don't want no fucking trouble with the cops tonight."

As the boys loaded me into the back of my car, I saw Billy standing there watching it all. "You guys mind if I watch for a while?" he asked. "Fuck no," said Ramdickman, "call some of your friends down if you want, and all you white boys can see what Lois will do for big black cocks." With that, they all laughed as they finished getting me into the back of my car. As the 4 boys climbed into my car, I looked out the back window and saw Billy on his cell phone.

Big Balls and Ramdickman climbed in the front seat while Gunner and High Score got in back with me. Big Balls grabbed my hair and pulled my head and tits up front between the seats. His 10 1/2 inch black cock was big and hard when I saw it. Still holding my hair in one hand, he rubbed his cock head over my lips as I lay on my belly.

"Kiss it you white cunt, kiss my black cock like you love doing."

I heard Ramdickman laugh. "Go ahead, Lois, kiss it. Then he will fuck your mouth with it. That's what you want him to do ain't it?"

I looked up at Ramdickman and said, "Yes, yes it is what I want him to do to me." They both laughed. Ramdickman was rubbing my big tits on his cock trying to jerk off on me. Finally, Big Balls shoved my head down between his legs driving his big black meat down my throat.

High Score sat in the middle of the back seat between my legs. His big cock probed my pussy as he spread my legs wide open. He pushed down on my ass and his cock slid up into my pussy. He began pumping his cock letting me ride it. Gunner rubbed his hands all over my bare ass while I bounced up and down on High Score's black meat. Suddenly, as my ass rose up he slapped me lightly on it. It felt so good. Then he smacked me again harder. I jerked feeling the crack of his hand on my bare skin.

"Yea, Lois, that feels good don't it, Bitch?" Gunner shouted. 

Every time my ass rose up Gunner smacked it full force driving me down on High Score's cock. The harder he hit me the more it would sting. My ass grew red and sore. I would have screamed but my mouth was full of Big Balls cock.

Big Balls pumped my head slowly up and down on his black cock. As he lifted my head up I could see Billy standing outside with 5 other white boys all from Oliver High School. Big Balls made sure they all saw his black cock sticking out of my mouth. These were the boys Billy must have been calling before. They were all laughing and pointing at me. I could hear the dirty comments they were making.

"Does that black cock taste good, Lois?" asked Billy.

"You look so good with a black cock shoved down your throat, Ms. Kubik. I hear you love swallowing them and drinking the cum loads," said another. They all laughed at that one.

I felt Ramdickman's cock sliding between my big white tits as he fucked them. It was super and I loved it. The boys in the back kept me working. I rode High Score's black cock, filling my pussy, and Gunner pounded my bare ass with his hands. I loved it all and couldn't get enough. Billy and his friends just watched and laughed. 

Finally, Big Balls shot his cum load into my mouth.

"Swallow it Lois, you fucking white bitch. 

I tasted the thick warm cum from Big Ball's cock in my mouth. He continued pumping my head up and down on his cock. He slowly raised my head till his wet cock popped out of my mouth. Still squirting cum, he lifted my face and rubbed his black meat all over spreading his juice on my lips, nose and cheeks. I looked out the car window and watched Billy and his friends using their hands like they were jacking off while they watched me. They were enjoying it all and so was I. 

Meanwhile, Ramdickman kept fucking my white tits with his black cock till I felt his gooey juice shoot all over them. He pumped his cock harder and faster between my tits and I felt cum shoot all over my chin and big tits. In the back, High Score emptied his cock into my pussy. He grabbed the back of my legs and started pounding me onto his cock, driving it further up into my pussy. All the while Gunner kept pounding my bare ass making it hurt more and more. I wanted to scream, but now Big Balls had stuffed his balls into my mouth and I sucked them as he wrapped my hair around his cock and jacked off, soaking my hair with the last of his cum load. 

High Score slid out from under me and Gunner climbed up on my back. He spread my ass cheeks, poking my asshole with his big hard cock head. Gunner grabbed my ass and spread it wide open, then rammed his big, thick black cock up into my ass hole. With my mouth full of black balls, I could only grunt as I felt that thick black meat split my ass wide open. With a final push, Gunner's cock popped deep into my ass. He grabbed my white tits and pulled hard on them as he pounded his prick in me, making me nothing but his piece of white fuck meat. Over and over he hammered his cock in my ass as I sucked Big Ball's nuts. Finally, Gunner blew a huge cum load and I felt it coming out of my ass hole and running down my ass cheeks and legs. At last they were done. Big Balls shoved my face and tits into the back while Gunner and High Score were getting out of the car. High Score grabbed my hair and dragged me out of the car onto the cement. Billy and his friends came around the side of the car to watch what would happen next. 

High Score, at his age, could be the meanest and wildest of all. Still holding a handful of my hair, he pulled me to my feet and walked me toward Ramdickman's car. He held my head back so the cum on my face rolled all over and some seeped into my mouth. Billy and his friends followed. When we reached the car, High Score pushed me onto the ground in a kneeling position.

"Get down on your knees, bitch," he shouted.

Kneeling, I watched as Big Balls stepped up and raised his cock, holding it inches from my face. Then he started peeing, spraying his pee all over my face and onto my tits. His warm pee splashed on me as all the boys laughed.

"Open your mouth and swallow my piss you fucking white cunt," shouted Big Balls. 

I opened my mouth and Big Balls aimed his stream of piss at it. I tasted the sour, salty liquid as it splashed on my tongue and rolled down my throat. I began to drink, gulping Big Balls piss down. 

"Woo, Lois Kubik, the Woodland Street white whore, loves drinking piss," shouted Ramdickman. Next Ramdickman, High Score and Gunner pulled out their cocks and started spraying piss all over me. My hair was getting soaked with a mix of piss and cum in it. High Score aimed his young cock at my mouth and filled it with his piss. I gulped faster and faster, trying to swallow all the piss filling up my mouth. Finally the last of their piss dribbled out and there was no more to spray on me. 

"Damn, I never saw a white slut swallow so much piss from black cocks before. That looked so good," said one of Billy's friends.

"Damn, Lois, besides looking so good naked you is also a good cock sucking, piss drinking slut," laughed Billy. "How bout me and my white friends come over and let you suck and fuck all our cocks to?"

"Naw," said High Score, yanking my head back and wiping his black cock and balls all over my face. "She just likes sucking and fucking young black cocks don't you, Lois? Well don't you?"

"Yes," I whimpered, looking up at High Score's face, then over at Billy and his 5 white friends. They were all laughing and making jack off signs at their cocks toward me. 

"Well, we might as well leave guys," said Billy, "we seen the best of it tonight. Wait till we tell the other guys on Monday what Lois did here tonight. They're gonna love it."

All 6 of the white boys walked away laughing. Now it was just me, Ramdickman, Big Balls, High Score and Gunner in Kuhn's parking lot. I sat on the ground, naked, with piss and cum running down my face and tits and all over me. 

"Go on, Lois," said Ramdickman, "We're done with you , bitch. Go on over to your fucking car." All 4 of them laughed at me as I started getting up off the ground.
