 Brenda and Ann sipped their coffee making small talk the workout at the areobics class at the gym. Brenda was telling Ann of a great new store in the mall that sold very nice lingerie. Ann knew that Brenda was very much into sexy clothes and rather kinky sex from the previous girl talk sessions. "And what is so special about this place? Ann asked. Brenda replied, " They have the sexiest things and the staff is always willing to go the extra mile to satisfy the customer, if you know what I mean." grinned Brenda as she sipped her coffee. "You have to understand though they do have some rather unique fitting techniques, so you need to keep an open mind," she said. Ann was now curious, how unique? Brenda said, "Ann remember when we were watching the soap opera, Wild Innocence, the other day and Rebecca was having a fantasy rape dream? And how turned on we both were about that fantasy?" Ann agreed that is was a turn on, the fantasy rape, it made her pussy wet as she watched Rebecca's dream. "Well, that's why I think this store has a lot to offer." Brenda said. "I've been there a couple times and each time I always end up with more bargains than I expected." 

The kids were finally in school after a long hot summer and Ann decided one day to go shopping without the kids. She dressed herself in a nice flowered blouse and full skirt. She felt a little adventurous and took the small gold satchel out of her drawer and took out two round, gold colored orbs, her Ben Wa balls. 

She rolled them in her hand and with the other hand, pulled down her lace panties and slowly inserted them between the two furry lips of her vagina. They went in easy and the juices flowed around them as she pulled her panties up and fixed her hair and make-up for the final time. Off to the mall for an afternoon of easy shopping. 

As Ann drove, the small balls deep inside her moved around and rubbed against each other making the juices flow even more. She wondered if she could last all day with them in her warm vagina. 

Ann parked the car and walked into the mall. She went around most of the stores, just browsing, her favorite pastime, not really buying anything, just "looking". She walked by an exquisite looking lingerie shop, which Brenda had mentioned. As she peered in the window, she could see beautiful teddies, lingerie, and fancy bras. This had to be the place for her to buy some new sexy things. As she looked, she could feel the Ben-Wa balls moving around making her juices flow even more as she looked at the sexy things in the window. She could see one attractive woman working around the shop, obviously a salesgirl, and there was only one other shopper in the store. Ann just had to go in and see what was available. 

Ann couldn't help but notice the salesgirl was very attractive and dressed very well. Her blouse was low cut and showed off her large round breasts, being pushed up by her bra. Ann thought to herself, that would be nice to have to show off her own large breasts. She just walked around looking through the racks for that something special. Ann came to the teddies and began examining them very closely. The blonde salesgirl came over and said, " My name is Gail, and if I can help you, please let me know." 


Ann said, " Thank you, but I'm still just looking." 

Ann found a nice teddy and decided to try it on to see how it fit. Ann took it off the rack and asked the salesgirl, " Where are the dressing rooms?" Gail pointed to the two swinging doors toward the end of the store. Ann walked through them and into a small corridor. She could see the stockroom at the end and several small dressing rooms on both sides of the hallway. Ann walked into the first one, turned and locked the door. She hung the teddy up on the clothes hook and began to unbutton her blouse. She placed it on another hook and slipped off her skirt. Her panties were soaking wet from her pussy juices that the Ben-Wa balls were causing. her hands reached behind her and unfastened the bra clips, it felt so good to feel the cool air against her sensitive nipples. The excitement of the shop, the buxom Gail, and the sexy underwear was becoming too much to bear. Ann knew that to make a proper fit, she would have to take her panties off. Her hand slipped over the elastic w aistband to pull them down, but hesitated for a moment. How good it felt to feel her fingers so close to her wet, hot pussy. Ann realized that she just had to satisfy herself just once before she left the dressing room. Her long slender fingers slipped between the soft, furry lips of her cunt and rubbed against the hardened clit. Ann was committed now, regardless to whatever else happened around her. 

Ann sat on the small stool. Her fingers were making magic deep within the folds of her pussy. The juices were beginning to flow over her hand and down her legs. She took her other hand and opened the lips more as her fingers moved quicker and deeper inside her hot, juicy cunt. Taking one hand away, she slid it up her warm belly and began to caress her soft, brown nipples. The juices from her fingers felt good around the hardening tips of her boobs. Her whole body exploded with a thrill, an orgasm. Ann was loosing track of time and forgot where she was. She quickly composed herself and took the teddy from the clothes hook. She slipped it on, admiring herself in the mirror of how good the silk and lace teddy looked and felt against her warm, flushed body. Ann reached down to snap the crotch as a knock on the door happened. 

" Is everything all right?", Gail asked. 

Ann replied, " Yes. Just about finished." Ann, in her boldness, asked, " Could I ask your opinion? as Ann opened the door. Ann startled Gail a little with her boldness and the fact that her dark brown tan stood out against the beige fabric. Ann asked, " Do you think this is the right color for me, or would a white or black be better?" 

Gail said, " That color really shows off your beautiful tan, but the black would look good too, to compliment your dark hair." Gail detected a faint sex odor as she finished speaking. The salesgirl then said, " We have some new ones in the back dressing room I haven't unpacked yet, and there are some nice looking black ones in it. Would you like to see them?" 

Ann knew she just had to have another one. She thought if the others felt this good, she had to have another. Ann said, Yes, but let me change." 

Gail said, " No need. There isn't anyone else in the store. Wait here so I can put the 'Out to Lunch' sign out. That way I won't have to worry about the store." 

"Okay," said Ann. 

Gail returned within a couple minutes and told Ann to follow her. They went down the hall toward the back of the store. Going through the last door at the end , the room was small stock room filled with cardboard boxes. Gail said, " Let me see, which box was that? Here they are. You appear to be a 38, is that close?" 

Ann replied, " Yes. Good guess." Ann thought she should be able to get close working in a clothing store. As Gail was rummaging through the boxes, Ann realized that she still had her Ben-Wa balls in her. I'll just have to be cool about it, she thought. Gail walked up and then handed Ann a sheer black silk and lace teddy from the carton. 

" Try this one on," Gail said, as Ann took it. Gail sensed a little hesitation from Ann and said, " Go ahead there's no one else here." Ann reluctantly and slightly embarrassed, slid the beige teddy off, revealing her totally nude body to Gail. Gail remarked how nice her tan was and wished she could spend the time and get a tan. 

As Ann pulled the black lace up, she took her hand to slip her large, soft, breasts in the lace top. The shoulder straps went over easy. Ann turned toward the full length mirror that was there, to see how it looked and reached down to snap the crotch. Ann was having some problems with it and Gail saw that. 

"Having problems?", asked Gail. 

Ann said, " A little, I guess." She could see Gail in the mirror move from the boxes over toward her. Gail walked around in front of her and knelt down to help Ann snap the crotch. Ann looked down over her lace covered breasts and was looking down Gail's blouse. She could see a lace and silk bra covering Gail's creamy white tits. Ann could see that the bra looked different but couldn't really tell what looked strange about it. 

Ann felt Gail's hands working on the crotch snaps and just realized that she might feel how wet she is from the self-induced orgasm. Surely, she wouldn't. It seemed that Gail was taking her time in snapping the little button, but perhaps it was just her imagination. The snaps were finally closed and Gail stood up and looked at Ann with a slight smile on her face, and said, " There, no problem." 

Ann looked in the mirror again and said, " I can't decide, so I'll take both of them. By the way, I couldn't help but notice your unusual bra. Is that a new design? I was wondering with your large breasts, like mine, it's a problem to find one that supports, sexy, and comfortable." 

Gail, smiling, said, " This really is the best bra I have ever worn and is really very comfortable. Especially for women with large boobs. You just have to be fitted properly to get the best effect. Would you like to try one?" Ann couldn't resist and said yes. 

Ann just had to have one if they were so good. Gail said, " Stay here and I'll get one to fit, about a D cup. Right?" Ann, surprised at her accuracy nodded yes. 

Gail returned a few minutes later, opening a package, and pulling out a bra. It looked just like hers and Ann couldn't wait to try it on. Gail handed it to Ann and told her, " Take off your teddy and put this on." Somewhat embarrassed, Ann took the bra and slipped off the teddy. She figured it was no big deal since they were alone and she had already seen most of her body. The black lace fell to the floor and Gail could see Ann's dark brown tan and large white breasts, her nipples were dark as her tan, as well as her dark hair that covered her pussy. Ann took her panties and slipped them on. 

Ann slipped the bra straps over her shoulder and lifted her mammoth tits into the strange cups. She could feel a massaging sensation never felt before as the cups caressed them. Ann reached behind her to out the bra clasps together. Still standing in front of the mirror, she could see that it really showed off her large boobs and felt good at the same time. Gail said, " Follow me, so I can fit you properly." She led Ann to another corner of the stock room that was enclosed in a curtain. Gail pulled the curtain open and said, " Step in here." It looked like a small dressing room surrounded with curtains on all walls, except one which had a full length mirror, and the ceiling had a curtain draped over it. The light was dimmer than the stockroom, only because of the overhead curtain. Gail said, " Ann, turn around and let me begin to adjust the back straps." Now turned around facing the back wall of the small room and could feel Gail making adjustments to the clasps on the back . 

" Lift your arms up now, as high as you can. This is for an adjustment in the back," instructed Gail. Ann did so without any reservation. Standing with her arms straight up, touching the overhead curtain, Ann stretched her arms up. Ann felt Gail's hands reaching up to her hands and saying, " A little higher...". Reaching higher, Gail pushed Ann's through the opening in the curtains. 

All of a sudden, Ann felt a pair of hands grab her wrists from above. Gail seeing the fright in Ann's eyes, said, " Just relax, it's only Bob. He usually helps with this. Don't worry, everything will be all right." Ann felt Bob putting a set of cuffs around her held wrists and she tried to fight, but it was hopeless, he was too strong. Once the cuffs were fastened, Ann's arms hung straight from the curtain. Her bra covered breasts were up-lifted with the suspension of her arms. Gail said, " This will make the final adjustments easier." as she reached up and began caressing her boobs through the lace of the bra, making the dark brown nipples stiffen. 

Ann began to plead to let her go, " Please let me go. I really don't need this bra that bad. Please!" Her pleas for mercy were ignored by Gail. Just then, Bob came in from the rear. Ann could see him enter through the mirror she was facing, he appeared to be 27 years old, good looking, with a bushy brown mustache, but his eyes looked strange. 

Gail now moved in front of Ann and began rubbing her hands over her soft warm breasts. Gail said, " A few more adjustments and we'll be done." Ann was relieved at the thought of this being all over. Gail moved her hands up the shoulder clips and made another minor adjustment, then to the back to make another adjustment. As the changes were made Ann could feel the bra cups massaging her tits more, the swirling feeling that it was creating was too good to be true. Ann began to feel the warmth from her belly stir as the bra stimulated her already hard nipples, as if they were invisible hands. This was as good as real hands doing the same thing. As the adjustments were made, Gail would take her hands and run them over Ann's up-lifted breasts to make sure they weren't too tight or too loose. Despite the adjustments, Ann was feeling good with the new bra and the fact that the new teddies looked good too. Now all she wanted to do is get out of there. 

Gail said, " There I think the final adjustment has been made. Does that feel good to you Ann?" Ann could only nod her head that it did. " Good. I think you will really enjoy it and I am sorry that we had to go to such measures to get the proper fit." Ann thought that they were extreme, but it was worth it if it would continue to feel this good and that this ordeal was about over. 

Just then, Bob said, "Now, let's have some fun with the big-titted bitch!" Gail was a bit shocked at his statement, but she did have desires too and went along with whatever Bob said. 

"Wait!", Ann shouted, "Please let me go." Silently she saw Bob take a red silk scarf from his pocket, tied a knot in the middle of it, and hand it to Gail. " Here gag her so she doesn't attract anymore attention," Bob ordered. As Ann began to protest, Gail stuffed the red gag into her mouth and tied it behind her head. "Good," Bob said, " Now get the ankle restraints from under the seat and spread her legs wide. I want to see her hot sweet pussy." Gail did as he said. The white nylon rope with black leather straps on the end were attached to Ann's ankles. Gail made them tight around her ankles and began to pull the rope, spreading her legs apart. Ann was standing in this dressing room with her arms stretched above her head, wrists cuffed, and her legs being pulled apart by the sexy subservient salesgirl. She still had her bra and panties on, but was horrified that a man was in the room, controlling the things that were happening now. Surely, Gail wouldn't let any harm come to her, but Gail's change, from a sense of dominance to submissiveness when Bob came in, had her concerned. Ann had no choice, she was a slave of the store. Bob came around in front of Ann and looked straight into her terrified eyes, smiled, and said, " We're not going to hurt you. We're going to give you the time of your life. Gail, take off your blouse and let this big-boobed bitch see your lovely, big, round, pink boobs." Gail took her slender fingers and began to unbutton her white lace blouse. She slipped it off and hung it on the clothes hook. She knew what was next, so she reached behind her back and undid the clasps that held her big tits captive. As the straps fell off her shoulders, down her arms, her big boobs tumbled out of the cups. Ann just stared at the large beautiful white orbs of flesh. She hadn't imagined them to be that pretty. Ann's eyes were glued to them. " Now take off your skirt," Bob ordered. Gail followed his commands and slipped out of the skirt. 

Bob told Gail to unclasp Ann's new bra and let it hang over her shoulders. Gail did so releasing the pressure from the cups and the shoulder straps from her heaving chest. The bra cups just hung over her breasts, loosely covering them. " Now, cut her panties off with this knife," ordered Bob, as he handed Gail his knife. Ann's eyes opened wider as Gail eased the cold sharp edge of the blade between the elastic edge of Ann's panties and pulled it through, cutting the thin, lacy fabric easily. She pulled the cut panties down her tanned soft leg, down to the ankle restraint. 

Ann was just about completely naked except for her bra-cupped tits. Bob could see everything else. Looking down her tan brown body, he knelt in front of her. His face was just inches from her pussy. She looked down in confusion between fear and the building passion. He looked up at her and let his long pink tongue ease from his lips and toward her wet, hungry pussy. He took his fingers and ran them over her trimmed, soft, brown pubic hairs, pulling the outer lips of her pussy open. Ann's clit was clearly visible inside the pink wet inner lips. Ann's little love button was protruding from the rose-colored fleshy hood that surrounds it. Bob, still spreading her outer lips open with his large fat fingers, leaned forward and said, " Now I'm going to suck your snatch until you scream for mercy." His long tongue rammed deep into her wanton cunt. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back. His tongue worked its way around her wet slit, going deep and then up to nibble the ha rd, blood-engorged clit. He took his finger and slipped it inside the pink, wet, folds of her pussy. The long fat finger moved up and up, deeper and deeper into her wet, juicy pussy. 

Ann had forgotten that Gail was still there. Her mind was now concentrating on other things, Bob's long fingers and his tongue were her only thoughts. Gail still clad only in her black lace panties stood behind Ann, watching Bob expertly eat Ann's sweet pussy, wanting to taste it herself. Gail could no longer stay idle watching this lewd sex scene. She reached from behind Ann and lifted the bra cups off her heaving tanned tits, pulled the bra up along Ann's raised arms over her head. The bra laid across the back of Ann's neck, exposing her big, up-lifted boobs to full view. Coming around to her side, Gail leaned over and kissed the dark brown hard nipple that was held captive. Her hand moved to the other boob and began rolling the nipple with her fingers. She sucked the sensitive areola, bringing the nipple to the stiffness of a pencil eraser. Her breathing was becoming more rapid as Gail sucked her nipples and Bob sucked her pussy. She knew that a climax was just a matter of minutes. 

Just then Bob said, " What's this deep inside your sleazy cunt, Bitch?" He pulled out the two gold round Ben-Wa balls Ann had put in earlier, the same ones that she had forgotten about. " You are really a hot cunt, aren't you?", he said. Ann couldn't care about what he said, she wanted to cum so bad now. He shoved his finger hard, deep inside her pussy, saying, " Doesn't this feel than those tiny balls?" It did and it was obvious to him because she began to thrust her hips against the pressure of his fingers, trying to fuck his hand. Climax was close now. 

Gail continued to suck her titties harder and faster, as Ann's breathing and body motions increased with the building orgasm. Bob took the red hot clit between his lips and pulled it and sucked it. All of this was too much and Ann screamed, muffled by the gag, but still audible as her whole body went limp. Her whole weight was suspended by the wrist cuffs. Exhausted from the explosion of her body, she could barely stand. 

"Your cunt juices are pouring out of your fucking snatch, bitch! You've got a pretty good cunt and it tasted pretty sweet," Bob said. " Are your arms getting tired?", he asked. Ann nodded yes. " Okay. I'm going to let them down, but I'm not letting you go yet. I still have plans for you," he said. 
