 The group sex is coming soon, I promise. -- KB

-----------------

I had a new spring in my step as I made my way back to our hotel room. I’d had a beautiful woman practically throw herself at me, and it did a fantastic job on my confidence. The fact that she’d had my dick in her mouth, though only briefly, was beyond amazing and had left me turned on and in need of satisfaction.

I couldn’t believe I had stopped her. I shook my head with a grin as I opened the door and entered my room. I expected to hear the pleasant sound of June’s snoring, but the only noise was from the TV set, which was on some true-crime show about wives who kill their husbands.

A glance confirmed that June wasn’t in the room. “Shit,” I thought. “Did that bitch sneak out and go back to Whitey’s room?” I felt my anger flare up and turned to the door to find the big-dicked old guy and introduce him to my size twelve shoe. The sliding glass door slid open, and June stepped in.

“Oh, there you are?” she said as I spun around to face her. Much to my surprise, she didn’t look to be all that hungover. She had on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, nothing as revealing as the bikini she had on earlier. “I wasn’t sure where you had gone.”

She lay down on the bed with a groan.

“I went to look around while you slept it off,” I told her, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to her. “You alright?”

“I’ve been better,” she said, using her arm to shield her eyes. “But I’ve also been worse. I think I need to eat something and I’ll feel better.” She looked at me, blushed, and covered her face again.

“I’m sorry, JT, I don’t know what got into me,” she said, with a slow sigh. “I was drunk, but it was more than that. It was exciting, and he told me you were okay with it. I figured you brought me to a swingers resort for a reason, so maybe it was what you wanted. Are you mad at me?”

“Ah, hell June,” I told her, rubbing her plump thigh, “I’m not pissed. I was hoping this trip would put a spark in our love life. I wasn’t sure what would happen, to tell you the truth. I thought about it while you slept. It’s not that I’m upset you were sucking on another man’s cock, not exactly. It’s that you left me and were having fun without me. That’s what bothered me. I think I’m okay with us trying new things and testing our boundaries, but I want to do it together.”

She lowered her arm and smiled. “So you don’t mind if I play with Dennis?”

“Look,” I said sternly, “I am not saying you can go fucking around behind my back. What I’m saying is, let’s explore what this place had to offer, and be open to what we might get into, but whatever we do, we do it with the other one there and only if we’re both okay with it.”

She nodded. “That sounds perfect. So, play it by ear, stick together, and check if things are okay before just jumping in?”

“Something like that, yeah,” I agreed. “I mean, shit, I’m new to all of this too. I hadn’t thought it through at all. The one thing that would suck is if you’re having fun and I’m left out and getting nothing.”

“Yeah,” June replied, “I can see that. I wouldn’t want to be ignored and rejected while you get swarmed by a bunch of hot girls with Daddy issues.”

“Is that what they call ‘taking one for the team’?” I asked.

“I think so.”

“Well, we ain’t doing that.”

“Okay, no taking one for the team.”

“And any time I want to cut in,” I said, pointing in her face, “no arguments!”

“Same for you! If I feel neglected and you’re with some hottie, you better not ignore me.”

“Alright, I think we have an understanding,” I stated. “You feel up to grabbing some dinner?”

“I think so,” June replied. “I feel so much better after having a nap.”

“Good, then you can start by sucking my cock!” 

“How is that grabbing dinner?” June asked, laughing.

“Consider it a tube steak sausage with cream sauce appetizer,” I laughed back.

June grinned and rolled over, pushing me on my back. She grabbed the string and yanked on it, then pulled the velcro open, reminding me of what Jasmine had done just a short time earlier. My erect cock sprung free, and June moaned. “Oooh,” she said, “somebody’s already got a boner!” 

She wrapped her lips around the head and started working her mouth up and down the shaft. I ran a hand through her hair, then pushed her head down. She groaned and opened her throat, taking my cock like it was easy. I guess, compared to Whitey’s schlong, mine was easy.

Just then June retched and nearly puked. She pulled off my pecker, catching her breath as her gag reflex caused her eyes to tear up. She licked the shaft, then took it back into her mouth, not going quite as far down this time. I pumped my hips, and my dick made obscene wet sounds as I fucked her mouth. 

Maybe it was the excitement of everything that had happened or just the fact that I was super horny, but It didn’t take long. About thirty seconds later, I bucked hard and let out a loud wail as I started cumming into June’s mouth. She usually hates me to blow my load that way, refusing to swallow my sperm. She once warned me, “You cum in my mouth; I spit it on your face!”

I couldn’t stop myself and gave her no warning. She was so into it that she didn’t seem to mind. As I started cumming, she held on tighter and took me deep into the back of her throat. She swallowed rapidly, trying not to waste a drop of my seed. When she stopped, I was a rubbery mess.

“Want to kiss me?” she asked, laying down next to me and pressing her face close to mine. I turned away repulsed.

“Oh, God no,” I replied, “I don’t even want to smell your breath!”

June laughed and peeled off her shorts. “Then you better get busy eating my pussy because I’m not going to dinner this horny and have to sit there!”

I rolled on top of my wife and slid down into the saddle, so to speak. I licked that pussy as hard and as fast as I could. I’d never been all that keen on eating pussy, as she usually had an odor, but today I didn’t care. I was a man on a mission, and I got my face all up in that shit. Well, not shit, because I was not licking her ass. But, you know what I mean. 

June was soaking wet, and my face got good and coated. I don’t remember her ever being that turned on or that wet before. She seemed to sense things were different, too, and really got into it. She grabbed my head in her hands and pulled me to her tightly, shouting, “Eat that pussy, JT! Eat my pussy!”

When she came, she got even wetter, and her warm juices plashed out into my mouth and on my face. It wasn’t unpleasant and didn’t smell like piss. I would have gagged if it had. She thrashed and bucked, and man it was tough to hold on, but I rode that woman like she was a bucking bronco at the rodeo.

When she stopped bouncing, she lay still and didn’t seem to be breathing. For a second, I thought maybe she’d had a heart attack. But, she started giggling uncontrollably, and I knew she must be alright. “Holy Shit, JT, where did that come from?”

“I don’t know,” I admitted. “I guess just being here is making us both horny as hell.”

“I think we need to order room service and just stay here doing this all night,” June said with a laugh. I figured she was kidding, but she rolled over and grabbed the restaurant guide. “Oh, they have sushi. Can we get some? I always wanted to try it.”

“I got all the sushi I want right here,” I said, with a wink, rubbing her between the legs.”

“Hey, are you trying to tell me my pussy smells like fish?” 

“Ironically, today, it doesn’t,” I answered, winking again. June closed the book and climbed on top of me, kissing me and laughing. “Can you do it again?”

“Do what?” I asked, staring at the crazy woman I had married.

“Eat my pussy!” She declared like I should have known what she meant.

“I guess so,” I said. Before I could say anything else, June scampered up until she was holding onto the headboard, straddling my head. She practically smothered me, but I took a deep breath and went to town, licking and sucking at her pussy. 

After a minute of lapping at her clit like a cat, she was mewing contentedly. I slid to fingers along thick, slippery labia and pushed them inside her. She nearly came right away, but she held on and began to bounce her ass up and down, fucking my hand and grinding her pussy on my face. She came hard a second time and then collapsed, face down, on the bed next to me.

By that time, my cock had recovered fully and was as hard as it could get. I got up behind June, pulled her hips back so that she would get on her hands and knees, then shoved my boner into her pussy. She let out a squeal of delight as I started to pump away inside her. I held her by her full hips, pulling her back to meet me as I slammed my hips forward, grunting with each thrust.

“Did you see how big his cock is?” June suddenly asked, turning to look back over her shoulder at me.

I slammed in harder. “Yeah, I saw it. Kinda hard to miss.”

I pumped my hips faster, and June cried out in pleasure. A few thrusts later, she spoke up again. “If you hadn’t shown up when you did, he might have fucked me,” she declared.

I just grunted.

She started to say something else, but I shoved her shoulders down onto the mattress and started fucking her as hard as I could. I think she got the message and shut up about Whitey. It was hard for her to talk as she started cumming harder than the two previous times. I tried to hold off longer, but with the way her pussy was squeezing me, I couldn’t. I yelled out, “I’m cumming!” and started shooting my seed inside her. It went on a lot longer than usual and was so fucking powerful that I fell over out of breath, gasping for air.

“Shit, I think I just shot my spleen out my dick,” I panted.

June started laughing and didn’t stop until I got up to pee. When I came back in, she was curled up under the covers, asleep. I ordered room service but avoided the sushi menu. Instead, I had a rice bowl topped with grilled spam and pineapple, while watching “Snapped” and listening to my wife snore.

So much for our first day in paradise. At that moment, there was no place on Earth I’d rather be.