 Whitey

My wife June and I were taking our first extended vacation since our honeymoon twenty years prior. In fact, after all those years, we had decided to go back to Hawaii, where we had gone as newlyweds. I was hoping that being back where we first had sex would rekindle some passion between us.

Back then, we were both excited about losing our virginity. We'd been dating for two years, and both of us had felt waiting until our wedding night was the right thing to do. The long flight to Hawaii only fueled our anticipation. By the time we arrived at the hotel, we were beyond ready and wasted no time in stripping and figuring out how to put tab A into slot B.

We spent much of the two weeks in Maui making up for lost time. We fucked non-stop and did it everywhere we could. We didn't use any form of birth control and damned if she didn't get pregnant. We hadn't planned on having kids for a couple of years, but you know what they say about the best-laid plans.

We spent the next twenty years in a parental fog. We had three kids: two girls and a boy. June was the prototypical soccer mom, and I was obsessed with coaching my kids through every sport imaginable. Suddenly, the oldest was in college, the youngest in the Army and the middle one was a lesbian, living in a hippie commune in Costa Rica. For nigh on to twenty years, our lives revolved around our kids. So, now that we were officially empty nesters, I decided it was high time that June and I started living our lives for us and having fun. We just needed to remember that we could have fun together. 

June and I had changed a lot over the intervening years. Neither of us was in the best of shape. We'd both put on twenty or thirty more pounds than we should have. I had more hair on my face than on top of my head, and June's boobs sagged only slightly more than mine. That could be a plus, or not, depending on who was looking.

The first time in Hawaii, we had stayed in a beautiful, rustic and authentic tiki-style hotel on the north side of the island of Maui, on Kahului Beach. We had a private shack right on the beach. It had been incredibly romantic. I had considered booking the same resort, but things in Maui have significantly changed in the past two decades. The old resort was gone, replaced by a Disney-owned, family-oriented golf resort. I wanted to do something to spice up our practically non-existent sex life, not remind us of our life as parents. So, taking a big chance, I booked us in for two weeks at an adults-only "swingers" resort near Kaanapali, with a sunset view overlooking the nearby island of Lanai. 

Now, don't get me wrong. We are not swingers, and I had no plans to start. However, I figured what better place to spice up our love life than a clothing optional resort? I assumed there was no way we'd ever get naked in public, but if we did, that wouldn't be so bad. Would it? If June knew I'd booked a swingers resort, she would make me cancel the reservations. So, I didn't tell her.

Of course, that meant that June had no idea where we were staying. That wasn't so unusual. She always left planning things to me. I realized that she'd figure it out after we got there, but it was definitely better to ask for forgiveness than permission in this case. I showed pictures of the resort, to get her interested, carefully avoiding any naked ones. 

"Honey, everybody looks so young and attractive," she said, making me nervous. "You sure we're not too old and out of shape?"

"June, that's just marketing," I tried to reassure her. "I'm sure the people who actually go there look more like us than these models."

She seemed to accept my explanation, as she never suggested changing hotels.

A couple of weeks before the trip, I surprised her by offering to buy her some new swimsuits from a couple of popular and scandalous online stores. I told her I didn't want her wearing her old lady swimsuits on this trip. June enjoyed letting me pick, but it took a lot of convincing to get her to accept my choices. 

"I ain't wearing no bikinis!" she declared. "You must be crazy. What if someone saw me?"

"June, we're going to a foreign country on vacation," I explained. "Nobody we know will be there. You look good for a woman your age, and this is what I want to see you in. What I think is more important than anybody else, and dammit, I want to see you in bikinis before we're too old to care."

"Hawaii is not a foreign country, honey," June corrected me. I knew that, but I figured if I tried to make her laugh she might give in. 

"But, you need to look sexy to wear bikinis like these," she said uncertainly.

"You're sexy to me, and that's all that matters," I told her, hoping to put an end to the discussion. It did.

So, I picked several revealing bikinis, much to June's chagrin. She would never have bought them herself, due to her sense of modesty and over-inflated negative body image. Inspired by the sexy way the clothes fit the models, I splurged and bought her a couple of little dresses too.

I might have ordered everything a little on the small size, on purpose. I'll never confess. When the clothes arrived, June tried them on for me. I loved every single one of them, but she said she hated them. She barely fit in them, which was the way I wanted it. I did my best to convince her that she looked great in them. When I pulled down my pants to show her how they worked better than viagra, she agreed to wear them but made me order her a couple of sexy coverups to go over them, just in case. 

The wildest one, which I liked the most and her the least, was this itty bitty red and white bikini. The top was composed of two tiny triangles, that couldn't entirely covered her large, brown nipples, which peeked out around the sides. June's 38DD tits with pancake-like areolas are hard to cover with regular swimsuits. With this itty-bitty top, a lot of the dark circles were showing. I told June it looked "sexy as fuck," but she said it looked "disgusting." The bikini bottoms, if you could even call them that, were essentially just a shoelace that went in the butt crack with a one-inch wide strip of cloth that marginally covered her labia. When she sat, the narrow strip slid inside her slit, with her lips puffing out around it.

When she modeled the bikini for me, I got an instant erection. She hadn't shaved or even trimmed her bush, and her hairy jungle was flowing around the little strip of cloth. June didn't mind my reaction one bit, nor did she mind it when i bent her over and fucked her hard with the little bikini still on. Even though she swore she'd never wear it, I noticed that she packed it. Two days before leaving, I couldn't help but see she had shaved her pussy bare for the first time in our marriage.

We arrived at the hotel and checked in. The lady at the counter gave us welcoming mai tais, in actual coconut shells with little umbrellas. We finished them both in about 30 seconds and asked for refills. 

When we got to our suite, there was a bottle of champagne waiting for us. I poured us each a glass. As June started unpacking, I grabbed the skimpy red and white bikini. 

"Put this on," I told her, holding it up.

"You must be crazy," she replied.

Two more glasses of champagne and some hard pussy fingering later, she gave in. With it on, June was about 99% naked and refused to leave the room, even though I reassured her that she looked great. 

I went to the closet and pulled out the white crocheted coverup and held it up for her. "Here, with this on, nobody can see your goodies anyway," I lied.

"Are you sure?" she asked, sliding her arms into the sleeves. "I feel so naughty!"

"Naughty is good!" I told her, kissing her neck from behind, then whispered in her ear, "when we get back to the room, I'll make sure you feel naughty."

She pushed her body back against me, her ass rubbing on my crotch and my fully engorged cock. "Mmmm," she moaned, "you're so hard. Why don't we have a quickie first?"

I pushed her away and playfully swatted her bare but cheek. "Later," I replied. "We came all this way, and I want to enjoy the pool a bit first. It turns me on to see you wear this and I want to see the reaction it gets from the other men at the pool."

She gasped. "I don't think I want anybody else to see me like this."

"You'll be fine," I said as I took her hand and pulled her out of the room.

There were two pools at the resort: one clothing-optional and one where swimsuits were required. I didn't think June could handle the nudist area on our first day there, plus she still had no idea that part of the resort even existed. So, I steered her to what I assumed was the "boring" pool. I have to admit; it was anything but boring. There were a bunch of people in the pool, the hot tub, in loungers or just milling about without a damned kid in sight. Most of the people were barely dressed, and much to our relief, looks-wise I'd say they ranged from really bad to really hot. June and I were probably near the middle, depending on your eyesight and how much you'd had to drink.

I secured us two loungers one row back from the pool, between an old dude with a dark tan and a chest covered with white hair and an obese couple with pale white skin and New York accents. I left June there and went to wrangle us a few towels and two cocktails. I got her a Painkiller with a float of dark rum and a Corona for me. I didn't mind her getting shit-faced, but I needed to slow down my consumption if I wanted to get it up later.

When I came back, June was talking to the old guy next to her. I called him Whitey, due to the thick fur on his chest, but June introduced him as Dennis. I liked calling him Whitey better.

"Honey, Dennis here tells me there is a clothing-optional pool through that gate. In fact, that whole side of the resort is clothing-optional. Did you know that?"

I checked out the old dude for a second, then held out my hand, conveniently ignoring June's question. "Dennis, I'm JT. I see you met June already." 

Dennis shook my hand without standing. "Nice to meet you, JT. Welcome to paradise. I did just meet your lovely wife. I was about to offer to put some suntan lotion on her. It's so easy to burn here. But, you're here now, so I'll leave that to you."

"That's mighty white of you, brother," I said as I sat down handing June her cocktail. 

An awkward silence descended over the three of us as I got comfortable and sipped my beer. June took the sunscreen out of her bag and waved it at me with a grin on her face. I sat up, turned to her, and shook my head.

"June, if you want me to put this on, you need to take off that coverup. No point in sunscreen if you aren't getting any sun."

June blushed and hesitated. I could tell she was afraid of how well the bikini would cover her and what wouldn't be covered. 

"Don't you agree, Dennis?" I asked, gazing around her to the white-chested man.

"Absolutely," he chimed in, agreeing with me completely. "You're in Maui; it's time to lay back and soak up the sun."

June pursed her lips, then handed me the sunscreen. She took a deep breath and slipped out of the white coverup, placing it on the top of her bag. The first thing I noticed was her tits. The little triangles were straining to keep the big girls covered. The cloth left about half of her brown nipples exposed to the sun. The second thing I noticed was the narrow strip of fabric between her legs was barely visible as her hairless outer lips had all but engulfed it.

"Can you lower the back of my chair?" she asked. "I want to lay face down first."

Before I could react, Dennis reached over and lowered it flat for her. She smiled and thanked him. He made no effort to hide his leer as he stared at her body.

June lay down, and her full, round ass cheeks came into view, like two soft, fleshy mounds of fun. Dennis was practically drooling. I motioned with the bottle to get his attention. When he looked up, I tossed it to him with a wink, then turned back and leaned back in my chair to relax, sipping my beer. "This is the life," I said with a slow exhalation.

He shot me back a shit-eating grin and came around to sit on my side of June's lounger. He squirted copious amounts of the cream onto his hands, rubbed them together to warm them up and put his hand directly on her ass cheeks.

She shuffled a little but didn't look up. Dennis began spreading the lotion all over her ass, massaging and kneading the big fleshy cheeks. He must have spent a good five minutes on her ass, but June didn't complain. She moaned and kept lifting her ass up and down as if she were slowly grinding on a cock. Eventually, he moved on to do the rest of her legs, stopping back on her ass again before moving up to her back, shoulders, and arms. He spent a lot of time on her sides, focusing on the ample side-boobage that was glowing white in the Maui sun.

Finally, he finished and returned to his seat. By then, I honestly think June was asleep. The combination of booze and jet lag was taking its toll on her. I let her sleep for a bit, but fearing she might get burned, I nudged her, and she woke with a start, raising her head to look at me. I could tell she was wondering where she was.

"You should roll over," I told her. "Don't want your ass getting burned on day one."

She stretched and started to roll onto her back. As she did, her nipples fell out of the bikini. She quickly covered them, blushing again. I smiled at her, letting her know I liked what I saw, then noticed the big grin on Dennis' face.

I picked up the bottle of sunscreen. "Hey, Dennis," I called out. "Mind putting on the lotion? I need to hit the head and get refills."

He smiled and sat up excitedly.

"Honey!" June exclaimed. "I don't think Dennis wants to put lotion on me."

I laughed. If she only knew.

"I would be delighted," he piped in. I grinned and tossed him the bottle.

"There, he'd be delighted," I told my wife. "I'll be back in a few. Dennis, what are you drinking?"

"Pineapple rum and coconut water," he said as he opened the tube and squeezed out a handful of cream.

June was giving me a dirty look, but I winked. "I'll be right back," I told her, then walked away.

I went to the men's room and did my business. My stomach was throwing a bit of a fit, and I was in there longer than I had intended. When i came out, a young Asian guy was walking in.

"You may want to wait a few, buddy, or find another restroom," I told him. "Something died in there." I waved my hand in front of my face. He laughed and changed course for the hotel lobby. 

I headed to the pool bar and ordered another round of drinks. As I waited, I sat there staring across the pool as Dennis rubbed cream all over June's front. He was massaging it onto her thighs, and I noticed her feet were about a foot apart.

The drinks came, and I paid the tab. By that time, Dennis had moved up to June's body, and he had his wrinkly hands all over her belly and chest. I wasn't sure how I felt about it. On the one hand, I thought maybe it would turn June on. On the other hand, I didn't want the old goat mauling my wife's boobs. So, I grabbed the drinks and headed back. I got there just as Whitey tried to cream up June's boobs. 

"I think I can get that part myself," June said, sitting up suddenly. She saw me and looked nervous.

Dennis stood up. That's when June and I both noticed the massive bulge in his tiny, white shorts. To say he had a boner would be like saying an elephant has a nose. It was huge. It lay to the left and down the leg of his pants. You could just make out the tip of the head hanging out the leg hole.

He stood there, giving June a good view of his package, and boy was she checking it out. 

"Here you go, Whitey," I said, breaking the moment they were having. "Here's your drink."

Dennis took it and thanked me, then sat back down. June met my gaze and blushed. I handed her the new cocktail, and she gulped it rapidly. I sat back down and made small talk. A couple of minutes later, I let out a big fart. June slapped my arm and scolded me.

"Sorry, honey," I told her. "My gut is messed up." The longer I sat there, the more uncomfortable I became. Finally, I couldn't take it. I had an urgent need to run to a toilet, so I excused myself.

"I'm gonna head up to the room," I told June. "I'll head back down when I can. If I'm not back by the time you get bored, come up and find me."

"Turn the fan on," June said, giggling. 

I had to trot to the room, and I wasn't sure I would make it in time. I did, but barely. Just as I dropped my pants and sat, my ass exploded. I wasn't able to get up for quite a while. Every time I thought I was finished, another bout of spasms rocked my abdomen, and I was at it again. By the time I was done, my ass and legs were asleep. I cleaned up and started to head back to the pool, but just as I made it to the door, I heard a deep gurgling sound from my gut and had to run back to the toilet again.

After my third trip to the commode, I didn't think there was anything left in me. I felt woozy and decided to lay down until the dizziness passed. Some time later, I got up and drank a bottle of water. My gut roiled a bit, but I thought I'd be ok. I gingerly made my way back outside.

When I got back to the pool, June was gone, as was Whitey. I looked around, but there was no sign of them. That could not be good. I thought maybe I missed her in the elevator, so I went back up to our room. She wasn't there. I called her cell phone, and it rang from across the room, where she had left it.

I went back down to the lobby and out to the pool again. Where the fuck did June go? The bartender from earlier was gone, so I asked the new bartender if he had seen my wife, but he had no idea who she was. I went behind the bar into the hotel, and as I passed a supply closet, I noticed a colorful string of flowers hanging from the handle and the sound of giggling from inside. I banged on the door and Keahi, the original bartender opened the door, looking red-faced and out of breath. I could see one of the front-desk girls behind him, her grass skirt raised, legs spread, and her beautiful pussy facing me. She smiled.

"Uhh," I said, "Sorry."

"No problem, man," he said, then closed the door. The giggling resumed, followed by a female voice saying, "Oh Keahi!"

I was growing concerned and decided to go by the front desk. I made a couple of wrong turns and found myself back out at the patio. As I crossed the pool on my way to the main lobby, I saw something white flash past my face and heard a loud, "Thwack!" from in front of me.

I jumped back in surprise and stared at what appeared to be a wet pile of white cloth that had landed on the cement. I picked it up and turned it around to examine it. It was a tiny pair of white shorts. The memory of Dennis' big boner suddenly came to mind.

"What the fuck?" I asked out loud. I looked up at the rows of balconies that overlooked the pool. About six floors up, I saw an ass that I knew very well. It was naked, or close to it, and bent over. Standing in front of my wife, with his hands on her head, grinning as she sucked his big cock was none other than Dennis, the long-dicked older man from the pool. He saw me looking up, waved, and gave me a thumbs-up.

I quickly counted the balconies, then stomped my way inside and into the elevator, punching the number six and trying to control my temper. The doors opened, and I marched down the hallway, counting the rooms as I went.

I reached the fifth door and banged on it non-stop. It took a couple of minutes before the door opened, and a naked Dennis stood there staring at me with the same grin as before. I could see my wife behind him. She waved drunkenly with a smile on her face. "Oh hi honey," she slurred, wiping something off her mouth with the back of her hand, "Dennis was showing me the view from his room! You can see Lanai!"
