 The next morning, June and I were up early and hit the big breakfast buffet. It featured a ton of delicious items, with everything from fresh fruit to oatmeal, pancakes, french toast, and eggs done to order. They even had some exotic things, like miso soup, grilled fish, and rice. I have no idea why anybody in their right mind would want to eat grilled mackerel for breakfast.

The best part was the endless mimosas. June and I both partook of those as we loaded up on pancakes, bacon and scrambled eggs. Before we finished stuffing ourselves, we had a good buzz going. As we left the restaurant, we drifted out by the optional clothing pool, on the way back to our room. June couldn’t believe her eyes. She had never seen so many dicks in her life. I had to drag her ass back to the room to change clothes.

We decided we wanted to do some sightseeing and shopping first. So, we spent a few hours walking along the beautiful Maui beaches, then ended up in a shopping district, where June loaded up on souvenirs and tchotchkes to take home for our friends. We stopped into a beachfront bar for lunch and a couple of cocktails. June had a Blue Hawaiian, and I decided on a Bay Breeze. They went down so smoothly that before we knew it, we’d both had three and were feeling no pain.

We made our way back to the resort and dropped off our booty in our room. I wasn’t quite sure that we were ready to wander about the place naked, but I wanted to see where June’s head was at.

“So, what do you think, June?” I asked. “You ready to hit the nudie pool or you want to do the regular one again?”

She stepped out of the bathroom, completely naked. “Well, does this answer your question?” She said as she posed provocatively for me.

“Yeah, I reckon it does,” I answered. To be honest, I didn’t really feel comfortable being naked, but if June wanted to do it, I wasn’t going to stand in her way. “I think I’m going to wear my swimming trunks.”

“Oh no, you are not!” She said, scolding me. “If I’m going to be naked, you are too. We have to wear the robes until we get down there anyway. You can keep it on until you feel comfortable. How’s that?”

I was surprised at how open June was being, but this is what I had hoped for after all. I nodded. “Ok, fine. I can do that.”

I stripped naked, awkwardly aware that I was already sporting a woody. I wasn’t sure how the other guys could parade around with their dicks dangling without getting a boner all the time.

We walked through the hotel with our robes on, as was required, then made our way out to the clothing-optional pool, June was holding my hand, and her grip got much tighter when she noticed all the semi and completely nude people around us.

“Oh my!” she said.

“Yep, my reaction exactly,” I said. “Want to get a drink?”

“Yes, please,” she replied with a broad smile. “I could use a couple.”

I thought her choice of words was funny, under the circumstances, so I thought to make a joke out of it. I pointed across the pool to a muscular looking bald guy and his wife with big fake cans. “How about that couple?” I asked, giving June a wink. Then I pointed at a sexy looking younger couple in the pool. “Or that one?”

“A couple of cocktails!” June replied with a warm laugh, punching me playfully on the arm. “But, the first guy does have a big dick.”

“Is that all you’re looking for now?” I asked, teasing her.

“Well, it’s a new experience,” she replied. “I’ve never seen a big one before.”

“Ouch!” I shot back, pretending to be offended. “I am sitting right here.”

I don’t think she meant to be hurtful, and by the look on her face, I think she felt bad for her remark. I didn’t care. I knew I wasn’t as big as many of the dancing pricks we could see, but mine worked fine and was larger than average.

“Oh!” she said, realizing her faux pas, “I didn’t mean you’re not big. I just meant I have never seen any really big ones. You know you’re big enough for me.”

“Yeah, keep talking your way out of it,” I laughed, then kissed her. “It’s ok. I’ve never seen so many smoking hot bodies or fake boobs.”

We got our drinks and sipped them a little slower today than yesterday. Neither of us had had hangovers, but we were a bit reluctant to hit the booze quite so hard, so fast. I ordered a second round and suggested we get a couple of loungers and make ourselves comfortable when I remembered what Jasmine had told me. I called the bartender over.

“Can I help you?” the sexy young girl asked. 

I pushed the thoughts of how Jasmine had helped me out of my head and replied, “Yeah, where is this place called Splash?”

“Oh, sure!” She said with a brightly beaming smile. “It’s just over there past the pool. See the wooden walls with the showers on them? Just past that you’ll see the entrance. It looks like a wooden gate. Oh, and by the way, it’s nude only today, so, you’ll have to take off the robes to go inside.”

I didn’t think we were ready for going fully nude, so I discounted the idea until June stood up and grabbed her drink. She looked at me and asked, “Are you coming?”

“The Splash?” I asked, unable to believe my wife wanted to go to a nudist bar. “Uh, sure, I guess so.”

I got up and followed, then remembered my drink, and trotted back to get it. I followed June across the patio to the gated entrance. A cute girl wearing only a grass skirt and lei greeted us.

“Welcome to Splash, our sexy swingers area here at Maui Swingers Resort. You can keep your robes, but you can’t wear them or anything else after this point.” She waited, staring at us expectantly. 

“Oh, you mean get naked or get out?” I asked.

“Something like that,” she said with a smile.

June undid her robe and peeled it off, folding it over her arm. She was bare ass naked and grinning like the cat that ate the canary. It was now or never. I untied my robe and took it off, slinging it over my shoulder. This was the first time I’d ever been naked in public, and I was very self-conscious.

“Alright!” the girl said. “You can go in now. Have fun!”

“Oh, we plan on it,” said June before walking down the steps that led into the private grotto. I shrugged and followed along behind her.

It was a beautiful place. It was like a tropical oasis, with a large, shallow pool. Over the middle of the man-made lagoon, they had constructed a wooden patio for dancing and socializing. Several bar tables lined the sides of the central section. Beyond it were two raised platforms with what seemed to be naked go-go dancers. Just past that was a slightly elevated stage with a DJ spinning tunes.

On each side of the dance area, wooden walkways circled the pools which were surrounded by loungers and cabanas. Around back, behind the stage, a stone path led to several small huts with beds in them. There were probably a dozen people, all naked, dancing, and the tables around the dancefloor were about half full, also with naked people. Ok, there were naked people everywhere. Nobody seemed to care. 

A few heads turned when we came in, but it was just polite looking, not rude gawking. A few people either nodded or smiled at us. We found an empty spot and sat down. The table was cool as hell, shaped to look like a glass-topped giant cocktail. No sooner had we sat down then a naked Jasmine appeared.

“Hey, I see you found Splash, JT,” she said, walking up and putting her around my shoulder. “This must be your wife. I’m sorry, I forgot her name.”

“I’m June,” June said, holding out her hand. Jasmine shook it and introduced herself.

“Your husband and I met yesterday,” Jasmine said, not mentioning anything about the blowjob in the storage closet. “What can I get you guys to drink?”

June held up her now empty glass. “I’ll take another Blue Hawaiian, and JT wants more of what he got yesterday.”

“A painkiller?” Jasmine asked.

“Well, I guess you could call it that,” June said, then quickly added, “but I meant the blowjob.”

I felt extremely awkward. Jasmine just giggled and blew off the comment. “I was mad at my girlfriend yesterday. We made up last night, so no free blowjobs today.”

I noticed the way she emphasized the word free again, but let it go, storing it away for later.

The two cocktails had taken the edge off my hangover, and I was ready for some more serious drinking. “How about two painkillers, with a float of 151 on top?”

“You got it!” Jasmine said as she pranced away. I couldn’t help but stare at her sexy ass the whole way. June grabbed my face in her hands, turned me to her, and kissed me hard.

“What was that for?” I asked. 

“Because you turned down fucking that little piece of ass to come back to the room for me,” June explained. “I think you’re nuts for passing that up, but I’m happy that you chose me.”

“Yeah, I musta been drunk,” I replied, with a wink. “What was I thinking?” I rubbed the backs of my fingers against one of her nipples, brushing it up and down. It instantly responded by getting all puckery and hard.

“Don’t start something you can’t finish,” June said playfully, then tugged on my bare cock. She grinned big and wide then added, “I cannot believe we are naked in a bar surrounded by other naked people.”

I laughed and said, “Yeah, it is kind of surreal, but damn, I’m starting to like it.”

A moan got our attention. Just a few feet away from us, a woman was on her knees, under the glass-topped table, starting to suck some guy’s cock. He was leaning back and pulling on her hair.

“Oh hello,” June said as she turned to watch the action, her hand still on my cock, stroking me slowly as I got harder.

“Mind if we join you?” came a man’s voice. I had been so preoccupied watching the blowjob that I didn’t notice another couple approach our table. Now, this was really awkward. Here I was with June jacking my boner and talking to another couple, like nothing was going on. I’ll be damned if she didn’t keep tugging, too.

I turned to find the woman from the pool yesterday, the one with dark hair and big hooters on the red inner tube, standing next to a guy with a gray-haired ponytail and the longest cock I think I’ve ever seen. Both of them were as naked as the day they were born and smiling like they just won $500 in a scratch-off lotto. I already had names for them. She was Juggs, and he was Shorty.

“Sure, pull up a seat,” June said exuberantly, her hand still gripping my cock. Juggs sat down next to me, and Shorty pulled a chair from a neighboring table and sat down between the two girls, across from me.

“I’m Trent,” Shorty said, reaching across the table to shake my hand. I can honestly say I’ve never shaken hands with a naked man while getting jerked off by my wife before. This day could not get any weirder. 

I shook his hand and introduced myself. “And this is my lovely wife, June.”

Juggs laughed and said, “I see you’ve got your hand full, so you don’t need to let go to shake hands. I’m Gladys. We’re the Tuckers from Shreveport, Louisiana.”

June laughed along with her and said, “I’ve got a better idea. Why don’t you shake this, instead of my hand?” She glanced down at my erection. “And I’ll do this one.” As she said that, she let go of my cock with her right hand, then reached out to take Shorty’s in her left and gave it a quick shake, adding, “Damn glad to meet you.”

“Now that’s a great way to make new friends,” Juggs replied as she slid her hand up my thigh to grip my girth. “A pleasure meeting you, too,” she said.

“The pleasure’s all mine,” I corrected her.

“You folks been here long?” Shorty asked. 

“About five minutes,” I said, staring at Juggs massive teats. 

Everybody laughed. I didn’t know why.

“I mean at the resort,” he said as he scooted his chair closer to June. His dick was getting hard but wasn’t getting bigger. It just started getting stiff and angling up. I guess Shorty was a shower. I’m more of a grower.

“Oh, we got here yesterday,” June explained. “How about y’ all?”

“Day before,” Shorty answered. Just then, Jasmine’s cocoa-colored breasts came into view, and she placed the drinks on the table.

“Oh, you guys are making new friends already!” she said. “Can I get you two something to drink?”

“Sure, we’ll have whatever they’re having,” Juggs answered. Jasmine nodded and took off to fetch the drinks.

Just then the guy at the table next to us started groaning loudly, and it was apparent he was cumming in the woman’s mouth. June let out a gasp, then shocked me. “Damn,” she said, “I could use some of that. Do you mind?”

She looked around at all three of us, and when we all just kind of shrugged, not sure what she meant, she slid out of her seat and knelt in front of Shorty, taking his cock in her mouth. Well, so much for her being the shy one of the bunch.

“Oh! Well in that case,” Juggs said, then did the same thing, wrapping her lips around my much thicker, but substantially shorter dick.

I was blown away, quite literally. I lifted my glass and indicated the other one to Shorty. “Go ahead and drink that one, June can have the one they bring. She’s got something else she wants to drink right now.”

He nodded and picked up the glass. “To new friends,” I said. He tipped his glass to me and moaned as June started deep throating him. I could see her mouth making it al the way to the base, and she didn’t gag. Juggs wasn’t getting all of mine in; I guess it was too thick for her throat.

She pulled off and jacked me a couple of times, then rubbed her big, beautiful tits on my dick. She spit between her tits, then wrapped them around me, working them up and down my cock. I played with her nipples as she fucked my cock with her tits. Damn, they felt good. Jasmine arrived with the drinks and watched the action for a few seconds before leaving, saying, “Welcome to paradise!”

I was just getting into the titty fucking when Juggs stood up, letting my cock go. I was majorly disappointed, but she turned around and leaned over her barstool and reached back to grab my cock, pulling me by it. I knew what she wanted. I stood up and looked between her legs at her wet slit. I was reluctant to go for it. This was not something June and I had agreed on. I hesitated and looked over at my wife as her head bobbed up and down as she sucked his long cock hungrily. Her eyes opened, and she saw me and what it looked like I was about to do.

“Hang on!” She said playfully, pretending to be angry. “If you’re going to do that, then so am I!”

With that, June stood up and leaned over her barstool, assuming the same position as Juggs. Trent wasted no time and got behind my wife, gripped his cock in his fist, and rubbed the head up and down in her wet slit. “Oh, fuck yes,” June let out. “Stick it in me.”

As I watched her face, I could tell when he did. Her eyes got wider, and her mouth fell open, as a shudder passed through her whole body. He started thrusting rapidly right from the get-go.

Well, alrighty then.

I grabbed my flesh beercan and pushed the fat, spongy head into Jugg’s hot little cunt. She swallowed my cock up as I drove in all the way.

“Oh, God Damn!” she gasped out as I bottomed out inside her. She moved her hips, and I started fucking her hard. I held onto her wide hips and popped my hips, snapping my cock inside her over and over again.

The two girls were making a lot of noise. It was like they were intentionally trying to outdo the other at how hot they could sound, but I think it was just that they were both so fucking turned on from being fucked in public, by someone other than their husbands. As far as I know, for June, it was the first time to have a different cock in her pussy. Whatever the reason, she was enjoying the hell out of it.

But then, so was I, a little too much. I pumped faster, ramming my cock into Juggs as quickly as I could, but suddenly I felt I was dangerously close to cumming. I’d only been at it for about a minute. I figured that was not a good idea, so I slowed down and pulled out almost all the way and paused to let the intensity subside. Then I heard Shorty over there grunting and cry out, “Oh fuck, I’m cumming. He slammed into my wife, and his whole fucking body started jerking and twitching as he blew his load as far up in her pussy as that long dick of his would go.

“Well, fuck,” I thought. “That dude just came inside my wife! Well, two can play at that game!”

I shoved my cock back into Juggs as hard as I could manage it and pounded her pussy rapidly. She let out a whimper and then she started cumming, loud and hard. That must have been all June needed because she immediately started her orgasm.

I guess I didn’t need to worry. I was the last of the four to bust a nut, but when I did... Holy Frijoles!!! I let out this fucking yell that started in my toes and ended in the top of my head... I never came so hard or so loud. I think I scared the shit out of June, Juggs and well everybody at Splash. When I finished cumming, I opened my eyes, and everybody was looking at me with their mouths hanging open.

About five seconds of silence passed, and then everyone at the club started applauding and cheering for us.

Shorty pulled out of June and plopped into a chair as June and Juggs ran to the restroom to clean up a bit, leaving a trail of our cum as it dripped out on the deck. 

“What now?” Shorty asked, chucking.

I drained my glass and replied, “I’m ready for round two.”