 I actually talked my boyfriend into going shopping with me, because I told him that I needed to find a skimpy sundress, and that I would "model" it for him before making the purchase. I'm about 5'8", with long blonde hair, light blue eyes, and my chest is a 36C. 

I found a cute, cotton light blue dress with little flowers on it. It had thin spaghetti straps, and a zipper up the back. My boyfriend and I both agreed it was cute, and so I headed back to the dressing room, while he sat down in a chair close to the entrance. 

When I went to take off the dress I currently wore, I couldn't get the zipper in the back undone. So...I politely called out of my room "Can someone please come help me un-do my zipper?" 

My boyfriend was startled when suddenly he saw a gorgeous woman walking seductively towards the dressing room. She had long, dark hair, and wore a tiny and tight pink little sweater, a black micro mini-skirt, and black stiletto heels. As she walked past him, he looked at her tight, round ass, her skirt riding up over her cheeks, and couldn't decide if the darkness he saw between her legs was her black thong, or her bare pussy. 

Obviously after hearing my call for help, and then wanting to satisfy his curiousity about what was under her skirt, he followed behind her....quietly and not wanting to be noticed. 

When the beautiful sales clerk arrived, she pulled the curtain open, came right in and asked me what I needed help with. She stood behind me, and we talked to each other in the full-length mirror. 

I explained to her that I couldn't reach the zipper in the back. As I went to push down one spaghetti strap, she didn't notice, and pushed the other side down at the same time. My dress fell to the floor, and before I knew it, I was standing there, completely naked, in front of this gorgeous woman. I didn't wear a bra or panties that day because I wanted to try on clothes without bra and panty-lines showing through. Immediately her eyes went to my now-erect nipples, by looking into the mirror. 

Staring at my tits, she talked to me in the mirror, saying "Jesus, you have beautiful tits. You don't mind if I touch your hard nipples, do you?" 

Before I even had a chance to respond, she had reached her soft hands around me and starting pulling and pinching my tits. Mmmmm...it felt so good. She stepped in even closer, pressing her chest up against my back. All I could do was watch in the mirror, as this gorgeous young girl was playing with my nipples, and I felt my cunt starting to drip. 

Then I looked at her in the mirror, and told her that I would love to see her huge, beautiful breasts. 

Without hesitation, she moved back away from me, I turned around to face her, and helped her pull her tight pink sweater over her head. I stared at her perfectly round, beautiful tits, heaving in her sexy, lace bra, and begged her to take it off. 

She did, and there I looked at her hard, erect nipples, just begging for me to lick them. So, we took turns, she licked and sucked my 36 C's, and I lapped and bit her 40 D's. 

Obviously lots of moaning and heavy breathing was taking place by now, and so my boyfriend took his cue, and snuck over to my dressing room, to see what was happening. 

Without even realizing his presence, he pulled back the curtain to my dressing room, and started to watch. His cock grew harder and longer by the second, as he watched 2 horny and beautiful women licking each other's tits. He stood there, unnoticed, getting more and more turned on, watching and listening to us. 

I had to see more of her. I had to see her pussy. I stopped licking and biting her large, beautiful nipples, I looked stood up and told her that I wanted to see and eat her cunt. I asked her to take off her skirt and show me her wet pussy. 

So, I sat down on the chair, legs spread, and starting playing with my own clit. She turned around and faced the mirror, as I watched her slowly slide her skirt down her legs, revealing no panties at all! My boyfriend was right....she was a little slut, not wearing any panties to work. I gasped at how perfect and edible her ass looked. 

Then she reached back and spread her cheeks apart, revealing a tight and lickable little asshole. Mmmmmm.....I was salavating...wanting to lick her ass so badly. 

She moved her hand down and slowly slid 2 fingers into her wet, wet pussy, moaning all the while. Then she turned around, faced me and licked her fingers clean. She told me, "Mmmmm....my pussy tastes sooo good, you're going to love the sweet taste as well." 

By this time my pussy was soaking wet and I was getting so hot watching this little whore show me her tight body. I told her, "I'm sure you do taste nice and sweet. But, first, I am the customer, and I want to you eat my dripping wet cunt." 

With that, she quickly snatched up her own bra off the floor, twirled me around, and tied my wrists in front of me with it! She told me, "Oh yes, the customer always comes first and I will please you with my tongue, but it has to be on my terms. I'm the expert here." 

She pushed me down onto my knees and we were both parallel with the mirror so that we could see everything going on. With me on all fours, I put my tied wrists out in front of me, and laid my head on the floor, watching in the mirror, as she got down on her knees and got closer to my exposed ass and pussy. 

She slapped the insides of my thighs, demanding "Open your legs wider, I'm going to lick you until you're cumming and screaming for more." I obeyed. 

Her tongue and mouth were amazing. She craned her head so that she could reach the top of my clit, and started slowly licking her way from the top of my clit, spreading my lips slowly with her soaking wet tongue, and kept going until she reached my ass hole. Then she licked me like a sex-starved whore, so hungry for sex. I was getting wetter and wetter...and she was lapping at my pussy like she was drinking water for the first time in weeks. 

I was getting so hot, watching in the mirror as this beautiful slut on her knees was licking and sucking my wet cunt. I actually held my breath for a moment, taking it all in and she noticed. 

She stopped, slapped my ass and said "What, aren't you enjoying my tongue lapping at your pussy and your ass? You're not moaning, you bitch!" 

I quickly responded "Oh yes....it feels so good, please don't stop. I'll do anything." 

She said "Oh good, you little whore. You stay tied up on your knees, and I'm going to become your favorite sales clerk. You'll never want anyone to help you again." She continued to lick and suck my pussy, and rim my asshole. God, I never wanted her to stop. 

Then she shoved her 2 soaking wet fingers in my pussy again, finger-fucking my wet hole. She asked, "Do you like that, you little bitch? Am I pleasing the customer?" 

I told her "Yes, you are doing so well. Please don't stop eating my cunt and licking my tight asshole." 

Just then my boyfriend couldn't keep his erection to himself anymore and made himself known. He pulled back the curtain, stepped in and said, "Well, little Miss Sales Whore, I'd love for you to make my slutty girlfriend cum all over your tongue too, but I have a hard-on that's about to explode, so you're going to suck my cock until I tell you to stop." 

With that he grabbed her long, dark hair and yanked her over, so that she was sitting on her knees, right in front of his hard cock. He told her "Now, un-do my belt, un-zip my jeans, take out my hard dick, and suck it like a good little sales girl does. Do it good, and you just may get a tip." 

By this time I was so close to cumming, so I got up and my boyfriend untied my wrists for me. I sat back down on my chair opened my legs wide, and began masturbating, while I watched the beautiful but slutty sales-girl suck my boyfriend's hard, thick cock. 

He kept a hold of her hair in his hands, forcing his dick down her throat. She was gagging and moaning at the same time. I was getting wetter and hotter. She was soooo fucking gorgeous, and was being such a good slut, blowing my boyfriend. 

He looked over at me and saw how turned on I was. He said to me "Mmmmm....baby, you're pussy is sooo wet, are you ready for me? I'm gonna fuck you so hard. I'm gonna make you even wetter by cumming all over your slutty cunt that you are playing with. And don't you just want to abuse this nasty, hot little sales girl? She's sucking my dick like a pro. I want to watch you lick her slutty, tight little pussy and her ass too. I'm gonna rape both of you!" 

That made me even more excited to hear, so I quickly finished myself off, playing with my clit and shoving my own fingers into my soaking wet cunt. I screamed and shivered as I came all over my hand. 

My boyfriend watched and said "Good job, my little whore. I love to watch you play with your own pussy. Now you're nice and wet for me." He was so close to cumming himself. 

He looked down to see a beautiful little cunt sucking away on his hard cock, bobbing up and down, and taking as much of his huge dick as she could down her throat. He said "Jesus, I'm gonna cum, but not yet. First we're gonna lick and suck this little sales slut up and down and get her ready so that I can fuck her tight little holes." 

He yanked her head back off his cock, and pushed her gently onto her back. She lay there on the floor, spread-eagle looking so beautiful, yet soooo slutty. I wanted to lick every part of her. 

My boyfriend got down on his knees, grabbed both of her thighs and pushed both back towards her head. Her legs were spread apart, and we could both see her dripping wet cunt and tight little ass hole. He said to me, "Come on baby. Help me lick her pussy and ass. You know how good she tastes, now I'm gonna have a good taste myself." 

We took turns eating this beautiful whore. I sucked her clit into my mouth, while slipping my fingers into her slutty hole, while my boyfriend lapped at her tight little ass hole. 

I could hear her moaning and she would periodically scream, "Yes, lick me, eat me! Suck my slutty clit and rim my tight ass! Mmmmmmm...I love it! Please make me cum." 

We both continued to feverishly lick her, suck her and fuck her with both our fingers. Her wet pussy tasted so fucking good in my mouth...on my tongue. I just kept lapping up all of her sweet juices. 

My boyfriend continued rimming her tight ass hole. I know she was getting close to cumming in our mouths. But then my boyfriend said he wanted to watch for a few minutes. 

He said to me, "I want to watch you....my hot, whore-girlfriend eat out our new favorite sales-slut. And lick her ass really good, because I'm gonna fuck it so hard that she's gonna pass out when I'm done with her." 

Then he sat back and started stroking his ultra-hard dick, and told me "Do it, bitch! Eat out our new slutty whore." Again, I obeyed. 

Taking over where left off, I licked her tight asshole. Jesus, it was so tight and so tasty. She squirmed and moaned every time I shoved the tip of my tongue up her ass. And then I just got soo turned on, I couldn't help myself. I started lapping at her pussy so hard and so quick. I wanted to eat her cunt forever. Every few seconds I stopped licking her yummy ass, and would shove my fingers into her hot cunt. 

She would scream, "Oh fuck yes! Keep eating me and licking me and fucking me! Rape me!!!! I'm your whore now...for the both of you!!" 

That got me even hotter and I just kept eating her fucking hot and wet slutty pussy. It tasted so sweet on my tongue. I reached down and stuck the tip of one finger into her little asshole. I turned around to see my boyfriend jacking off and so turned on, and told him, "Her asshole's not very wet! Should I do something about that?" 

He yelled back "Fuck yes! I'm almost ready to rape that slutty little ass, so you better stick that wet tongue of yours up her ass and get her soaking wet for me. Do, it you fucking whore!" 

I have no problems taking orders. As I traded my fingers in her ass for her pussy, I moved my head back down to her tight, beautiful little ass hole and licked her ass like it was a strawberry lollipop. Fuck, she was so hot. I just licked her and licked her until her asshole was soaking wet. 

When my boyfriend saw what a good job I was doing, he grabbed me by the hair and yelled, "Move, you slutty whore. It's my turn now. You've licked that ass and gotten it nice and soaking wet for me. Now I'm going to fuck her so hard. You go around to the front of this whore and open up your pussy lips for her. She's going to eat your nasty cunt while I fuck her tight little ass. Do it, now!" 

He grabbed the slutty sales whore, flipped her over onto her knees, and slowly shoved his huge dick into her ass. I watched in amazement. 

It disappeared into her hole and she screamed "Oh fuck! I'm soo tight. Be careful." 

My boyfriend very calmly said back to her, "Shut up, you little whore. I'm fucking your slutty ass, and I'm gonna rape you until I cum. If you know what's good for you, and you want that tip, you better open your mouth, and eat my girlfriend's wet, nasty cunt." He continued fucking her so hard, with his hands clamped omto her hips. 

With that, I quickly sat down in front of her spread my legs and told her "Eat my pussy, you nasty whore, and make me cum. I'm gonna spill my pussy juices all over your slutty tongue." 

She did as she was told and started lapping at my cunt like her life depended on it. It was so incredible to look down and see a beautiful little hot slut eating out my pussy, licking me and sucking me, and then look up to see my gorgeous boyfriend pounding away at her hot, tight ass. 

I asked her "Do you like that, you whore? Do you like eating pussy and getting your tight little ass fucked by my boyfriend's huge dick?" 

She just moaned loudly and continued to eat my soaking wet cunt. I wanted her to eat me for hours. Her tongue felt so fucking good up inside my pussy. 

He slapped her ass and said "Oh yeah, she loves it. She's a hot little sales clerk who will do anything for a good tip, won't you, you filthy whore?" 

She moaned again and kept kept licking my wet cunt. I was getting hotter and hotter and finally was ready to cum. I grabbed her hair in one hand and said, "Ok, you fucking slut, I'm gonna cum, and you're gonna lap it all up, like a good sales slut." Fuck...I've never cum so hard. 

And she licked me and ate me, just as I commanded her to. She was sooo hot. That of course, made my boyfriend lose it too, but he wanted to cum all over BOTH of his favorite sluts. 

So, he quickly pulled his cock out our little whore's ass and yelled at us "Both of you dirty fucking whores, get over here. I'm gonna cum all over your beautiful, slutty faces." 

We did as we were told and he yelled again "Open your nasty mouths and take my cum!!!" 

With that he came all over our faces and some on our tongues and lips. It was soo hot. 

When he was done, I looked at our little slut and saw his cum all over her gorgeous face. I couldn't help it - I leaned over and licked off all his cum from her face. 

She did the same for me. My boyfriend just watched in amazement. 

We all got dressed and told our new slutty friend that we would be back for more shopping, and that she better be ready and wet. 

We reminded her "Tips don't come easy, do they? Be a good little sales-slut and you'll get plenty of tips from us."