 It's a beautiful, warm summer day. We decide to go to the mall for some shopping and people watching. (People watching us – that is) As we are walking across the parking lot a warm breeze blows up my very loose fitting white shirt. As most of you already know from my other stories, I hate bras and rarely wear them. So the breeze has reached my nipples and mead me feel… playful. Yes that's a good word to describe it right now. I give him a big smile, grab his ass hard, and take off running across the parking lot and into the mall. He chases, and as he enters he sees me just going into Victoria's Secret.

When he finally arrives in the store he can't find me so he asks the clerk where I went. The Clerk gets a huge grin on her face and says, "Follow me." As they approach the dressing room, I stick my head out from between the curtains and ask, "Which color first? Red, black or white?" He says red of coarse. It's his favorite color. The clerk gives him a chair and says, "Enjoy the show!" as she leaves the changing area. 

After about 3 minutes I make my first appearance. I am wearing a sheer red mini nighty with spaghetti straps that just barely covers my ass but he can see the matching red thong through the material. As a matter of fact he can see everything through this outfit, I might as well not be wearing anything. "Mmmm, I like that!" he says.

"I can tell!" I say with a grin as I notice his groin starting to swell. "Be right back, I have a couple more." 

As I disappear behind the curtain again, I lift the back of the nighty up so he can see my firm round ass. I hear him groan softly. 

My next appearance reveals a black bustier with garters and black lace panties. The bustier is pushing up my breasts so they look even larger and suppler. I walk up close to him and lean over putting my hands on the arms of his chair. This reveals a great deal of my breasts to him. His cock is getting even harder in the constraints of his jeans. "That's nice to!" he says in a low guttural sigh. He tries to reach out and touch me. "Uh-uh. There's one more I want to show you." And with that I disappear behind the curtains once again.

"You're driving me crazy you know." He says to me through the curtain. "I know." I reply smiling.

My last outfit is a white lace tank top with spaghetti straps that he can see just glimpses of my nipples through and a matching white lace thong. Naturally the white makes my summer tanned body look even darker.

"Wow! I love that one." He says. "But we need to buy all three." "OK." I reply as I turn to go back into the dressing room. "Wait a minute!" he protests. I stop, look over my shoulder, give him a grin and a wink and continue into the small changing room. I hear the chair slide out from under him as if he's gotten up in a hurry. Then the curtain opens and he's in there with me.

"You didn't think you were going to get away with showing me all that and then just walk away and get dressed, did you?" He whispers to me as he's pinning me up against the wall. He starts to kiss my neck and then my chest. As he moves lower, he removes my panties. As he moves back up, kissing my belly and my chest again, his big hands grab my hips and he lifts me up and sits me on his cock, which he has released from his jeans at some point without me knowing. Leaning against the wall we're bucking and moaning and the whole stall is rocking. The clerk asks if we need any help. "No…we're…doing…just…fine…" He answers her between thrusts. We can hear people outside gasping and ooohing. We just smile at each other and continue. The thought that they all know what we are doing makes me high. I orgasm with a loud moan as he shoots his hot load inside of me. As he sets me down my legs r trembling and he reminds me of how sexy and beautiful I am by whispering in my ear and kissing along my jaw. We dress a go to the register. The clerk asks with a smile, "so which do you want?" "They all work, so we'll take them all" he answers.

We then leave Victoria's Secret and go to sit on a bench. "I think we're being followed." He says to me as he points to this young girl. She appears to be in her mid twenties with dirty blonde, almost brown hair. 

"Do you think she heard us in the store?" I ask. 

"What do you think she wants?" he smiles. 

"Maybe she'd like to join us for lunch." I answer with a wicked grin.

"Oh what are you planning you naughty girl?" he asks.

"You'll see"

I wave her over and she eagerly complies. As she gets closer I notice she has the most crystal blue eyes I've ever seen. Soft puffy red lips and is wearing a black leather micro mini and white blouse. I don't think she has a bra on. Her breasts are very perky. And she's wearing black shoes with a 2" heel, no stockings. She tells me that she would love to join us for lunch.

We go into a restaurant and request a corner booth. My love sits on one side and I sit on the same side as the young girl. She seems a little nervous so I start to talk to her.

"Why were you following us?" I ask. Her face turns very red.

"I heard you in the changing room." She whispers. "And you sounded so…."

"Sexy" I finished for her.

"Yes." She says with a heavy breath.

"And, would you like to experience that?" I ask her, now rubbing her thigh up to the base of her skirt.

"Yes." She sighs again. "You both sounded so passionate, and I've never had anything like that."

My lover is smiling watching me whisper into her ear. Seeing her face flush with both embarrassment and anticipation. 

"What to you think of him?" I ask her

"He's very handsome." She says shyly

"Do you want to touch him?"

"You would let me?" 

"Yes, if you were gentle with him, I do love him very much."

"Oh I would be." She says starting to sound more lustful.

"Go under the table, he's waiting for you." I tell her

"Right now? Right Here?" she asks wide eyed.

"Can't you see that he's ready for you." I whisper in her ear.

Hesitantly she slides down under the table and gets on her hands and knees. I can see she's reached him by the look on my lovers face. 

The waiter comes to take our order. I order for all three of us so as not to interrupt what's happening under the table. 

I look down under the table and notice her sweet ass peeking from under her very short skirt, and she's not wearing panties. I smile at my lover and reach my hand down to finger her tight little hole. It surprises her. And he lets out a little moan, as she must have squeezed his cock a little with that. She starts to let out little moans, so he pushes her head down further on his cock to stifle the sounds. I can feel her movements as she begins to bob on his member even faster. So I start to move my hand in rhythm with her. In and out faster and faster. I can feel her starting to pulsate and tighten around my fingers. She's getting so wet, so I change my hand position and put my thumb in her hole so I can play with her clit with my fingers. She's wiggling a lot now. The table is shaking. I can see my lover is getting very close to cumming by the glazed look in his eyes.

Just then the waiter returns with our meals. "Will the other lady be returning?" He asks. I just smile and point down. He backs up a couple of steps and looks under. His face is awestruck. "Thank you, you may go." I tell him. He just spins around in shock and walks away tripping over things as he goes.

In the meantime my lover has cum all over her face and she has cum on my hand and down her legs. She then crawls out from under the table and I go to the other side of the table to sit with my love. She has a small drop of his juices on her cheek. We both decide not to tell her and just let her eat. When she finishes I ask her, "Are you satisfied, full I mean?" 

"Oh yes thank you." She replies

"Good, you can go now," I tell her. After all she's gotten a free meal and gotten my man off. She's gotten all I want her to have.

She looks at us gratefully, says thank you and leaves the table.

"You are such a bad girl." My lover tells me. "Be careful, your claws are showing." 

I just smile and kiss his cheek. 

After lunch we walk hand in hand through the mall. Everyone can see how much in love we are. "Lets go home so you can model those outfits for me again." He says.

As we are leaving I spot an adult "Toy" store and say, "Let's go there tomorrow," with a huge grin on my face.

"You ARE my bad girl!" he says as he grabs my breast. 

To Be Continued...