 When I was younger and single I met with a group of fuck buddies. My friend Marshall had used me many times. I fucked him and sucked him in High School and he whored me to his friends. He shared me with the tennis team and the football team. So when I was in college and he called to have me join them play tennis, I had an idea of what might happen. 

I drove to the Cross County Shopping Mall in Yonkers and met him there. I would get in the back seat of his car with my mini skirt and no panties and a button down see through blouse and no bra. There were 5 guys, three in the back and two in the front. I have big tits and really big nipples and they wasted no time taking my tits out and playing with them. They called me a cow and a guy on each side slapped my tits and milked them while they played with their cocks. While they drove two guys were holding me down. The third guy put his finger up my cunt and masturbated me getting me really wet and open. Then he took out his cock and fucked me. They all watched and took turns fucking my open wet cunt. When the guys in the back seat finished the guys in the front would climb back and fuck me. They left the map light on so that anyone could see the whore in the backseat getting fucked. While two of them held me another pushed my head down and shoved his cock down my throat. He held me by my hair and face fucked me forcing me to drink his cum. The other guys would get hard again watching this and all take their turns with forced blow jobs. Some pulled their cocks out and came all over my face and tits. Marshall drove and directed the action.

When they got tired of driving around he parked under a light in the far corner of the parking lot of the Cross County Shopping Mall by the old Warnermakers Department Store. There were a lot of other guys parked there. Some were just hanging out and some had probably been told to go there. They left the inside lights on and the doors open and kept fucking my cunt, mouth and tits. I was their pet whore and they used me, filling me and covering me with cum. Nobody used a rubber. Marshall told me I was going to be used as a slut whore, raped in every hole. I love cock and the feel and taste of cum. They made me get on all fours and Marshall told one of the guys to put his finger up my ass, soon he had me moaning and my asshole open. I never had my ass used before, so I was nervous and scared. They told me that I was their ass slut. 

The first guy had a long thin cock and he slowly worked it into my ass. Before long he was pounding me and shooting his load in my asshole. The others got turned on again and all took turns fucking my ass and calling me their fuck pig. All the other guys in the parking lot had come over and could see everything. Most had their cocks out and were masturbating. I was incredibly turned on and realized that I really was an ass whore. I'm also an exhibitionist and love being watched, made to perform. 

Two of the guys in the car grabbed me and made me get out. They opened the trunk and made me lean over into it tying my hands down to the spare tire. The trunk light was on and we were parked under a light pole, so I was completely on display. My short skirt was hiked up and cum was dripping from my cunt and ass. My cow tits were hanging down and my huge nipples were really hard. Marshall then told the other guys watching that they could do anything they wanted to his whore. He told me that till they were done I was their whore. He told me there were a lot of guys in line to use me and I wasn't done until they were finished with me. Guys jerked off on me, came on my ass, slapped my big hanging tits, slapped my ass until it was red and stinging and quite a few fucked my open asshole. I was everyone's cum dump. 

After they had all had their fill of the whore tied down bent over the trunk, they brought me around and made me lean over the back seat of the car with my cum filled cunt and ass on display. Marshall told me I was now going to clean all their cocks with my mouth. They lined up to fuck either of my holes and also lined up at the other side and forced me to blow everyone. I think there were even some more guys that showed up. Guys were laughing and calling me names. Fuck meat, fat pig, whore, slut, cunt and everything else they could think of. I think that was the first time I realized that I really was a submissive and loved being used and humiliated. 

I was exhausted, spent, and had cum dozens of times, but they wouldn't stop. They kept using me until they all had their fill and I was nothing but a cum soaked rag doll. I loved it. I love being used. I loved being watched and fulfilling everyone's fantasy. I had been the school slut and the neighborhood slut, now I loved being the town slut.

Marshall used me last after everyone was done. He loved watching me get used and humiliated and made me get on all fours. He fucked my cunt and told me how big wet and sloppy it was. A real whore's used cunt. He exploded inside me and watched his cum along with others pour out of my hole and run down my legs.

When he was done with me he brought me back to my car on the other side of the shopping mall. He told me I was his pet pig and he would call me when they wanted to use me again. I met them again many times that summer, getting used and humiliated and loving it.