 Shorty and I ordered another round of drinks, and they arrived just before the girls got back from the ladies room. They were quite chummy as they walked up to our table. June grinned at me, then grabbed my face and kissed me hard, slipping her tongue into my mouth, and if I didn't know better, I would have sworn I tasted pussy.

Just then, Jasmine skipped up to the table, hands behind her back, her lovely, naked breasts pushed forward for our perusal.

"Glad to see you are all getting acquainted so well," she said with a grin.

"Thanks," I replied. "We're trying to get into the swing of things!"

Everybody chuckled at my pun. 

"Well, if that's the case, then I have these for the four of you," Jasmine said as she showed us four golden tickets that she had been hiding behind her back. "There's one for each of you."

She handed them out, one-by-one. "Private orgy event!" June read aloud. "Today?"

"Yes, it starts in about an hour. It's on the 2nd floor in the Orgy Room," Jasmine explained.

"What do we wear? Are there rules?" June asked quickly, then added, "I mean, if we were to go."

"Oh, we're going!" Shorty exclaimed, smiling broadly.

"Well, wear your robes and nothing else. You have to leave them at the door, just like here at Splash, as you are required to be naked. When you check in, they will ask you what color wrist band you want. The colors tell everyone there what you want."

"Colors? What do they mean?" I asked.

"It's all explained on the back of the ticket, along with all the rules," Jasmine explained. 'I am attending, so maybe we'll bump into each other."

"What about your girlfriend, Nozoni?" I asked.

Jasmine giggled, then said, "It's Nalani, and yes she's coming too. You might get to bump into both of us."

With that, Jasmine excused herself, and the four of us stared at one another for several seconds before June spoke, breaking the silence spell that had fallen over us.

"Well, this sure as hell beats my idea of vacationing in Orlando!"

****

June and I had run to our room to shower, not that we needed it. However, it gave us time to splash on some cologne and perfume and let June fix up her hair and makeup a little. While I sat there waiting for her, I read over the information on the back of the tickets.

"It says they have three simple rules. Rule #1: Ask before joining. That makes sense, so nobody can jump on you without checking first. Rule #2: No means no. Cool, so you can turn people down without causing a problem. That's good to know. And Rule #3 is don't be a dick. That's funny!"

"Don't be a dick?" June asked, giggling. "Well, I hope there's a rule to have a dick!"

"Well, I hope only on half the people there; otherwise I'll have to pass!" I retorted.

"Oh, haven't you always had a secret thing for she-males?" June asked, teasing me.

"Oh yeah!" I said, playing along. "Chicks with dicks! No, I'm purely a pussy kind of guy."

"Awww! You're no fun!" June pouted. "I was hoping to see some T-girl stick her big dick in your butt and make you cry like a bitch!"

"June!" I shouted, "What the fuck has gotten into you?"

She laughed hard. "I guess it's just this place. It's making me open up, and crazy shit comes out of my mouth!"

"Should we have some of our own rules?" I asked.

"Like what?"

"I don't know," I answered, "like, what happens if you're happy and getting all the sex you can handle, but I'm alone in the corner?"

"That won't happen!" June said, reassuringly.

"Yeah, well supposing it does," I countered. "Then what?"

"Then, you come to me and tell me you want me," she said, hugging me close. "Then I break away from all my admirers, and you and I fuck like rabbits."

"That's a great idea, for both of us," I agreed. "So, at any time, if either of us is feeling like we want to be with our spouse, we just say 'I want you' and we stop whatever we're doing and get together."

"Yeah!"

"It's like a code word or what do they call them, safe word!"

"Exactly!" June said, "and saying you want me is a lot less embarrassing than shouting peanut butter or chitty-chitty-bang-bang."

I had to laugh and kiss my wife at that moment. She was a rockstar, and I never was happier that I married her than right then.

"So what are the colors?" She asked, looking at the ticket. "Let's see! White means you're a virgin! I'm kidding; it means anything goes with anybody, any gender."

"I won't wear that one!" I said, confirming my earlier comment about dicks and vaginas.

"Orange is heterosexual only," June explained.

"So that's the one for us?" I asked.

"Hold on," June said, "there are more colors. Pink is for bisexual women. Blue is for bisexual men. Black means Big Black Cocks only."

"You're kidding! It says that?" I blurted out.

"No, I made that up!" June replied, laughing. "But it should be! I'd take that one! Black means anal is not allowed. You wear it with the other bracelet if you don't want to have a guy surprise you by sticking his dick in your butt."

"I need that one!" I said. 

"Orange is heterosexual only, so you're safe with it," June answered.

"I want to be extra safe," I explained. "The last thing I need is a lesbian with a strapon thinking my butthole makes a good target!"

"They have strapons?" June asked with a gleam in her eye.

"I don't know what they'll have, but I am not taking any chances!"

We finished primping, slipped our robes on, grabbed our tickets, and headed out to find the Orgy Room.

****

When we got there, there were a few people ahead of us in line at the check-in counter, and a couple more queued up behind us as we waited. Everyone looked nice. I was already getting a chubby, just watching the sexy looking ladies ahead of us disrobe. I noticed one of the husband's had a raging erection, so I didn't feel so bad.

"Hi, ticket's please," the girl behind the counter said. I handed them over, and she asked us what color bracelets we wanted. 

"Orange and black," I said, answering for us both. The girl misunderstood me, handed me two bracelets, and turned to June. "And for you, ma'am?"

"Uhh," June said, "I think I want a white one."

My head jerked on its own volition to stare at my wife in disbelief. "Honey, you know that means anything goes?"

June blushed and nodded.

"with anybody and any gender?"

She nodded again.

I leaned closer, "And don't you want a black one?"

She turned to the girl and said confidently, "White is fine for me."

The girl smiled and handed June the single rubber bracelet. I shook my head. Damn, she was loosening up. We passed through the double doors into the beautifully decorated Orgy Room. They should have called it the Blue Room. It was filled with cushions, pillows, settees, divans, and round mattresses, all in varying shades of blue.

There were places off to the sides for one or two couples to sit or cuddle or get frisky — however, the bulk of people clustered on the central pile of cushions and pillows. There had to be at least 40 people in the room already, all naked, and most of them engaged in sex with multiple partners.

We stood there, taking it all in for a couple of minutes. I forgot about worrying about getting hard as my cock had a mind of its own and stood at attention. We saw girls forming a daisy chain of eating each other's pussies. The caboose of that train was being fucked doggy style by a large, muscular guy.

One guy was laying on his back, propped up on pillows as a woman sucked his cock. Another man was fucking her from behind, and a girl was straddling the reclining guy's face, thrusting her pussy hard against him and gripping his hair in her fists as she came loudly.

People were doing it everywhere. Missionary. Doggy. Girl on top. Oral. You name it. A couple of girls had a cock in the pussy and mouth at the same time. Another woman was riding a guy's cock as another man came up behind her and slid his cock into her ass.

As we stood gawking, the couple from behind us in line came in and laughed, then ran off into the pile, holding hands and giggling. Suddenly, June started waving, then pulled me by the hand across the room. I saw who she was waving at, and my heart sunk a bit. Whitey was here, with his long cock fully boned up and standing out.

Fortunately, when we got to him, some woman was busy sitting on his face. He had his hand on her ass, pulling her pussy to his mouth, eating her out with loud slurping sounds as she moaned loudly. June sat down on a big cushion next to him and pulled me down next to her. She started kissing me, and I could tell she was on fire.

Before I could respond, June got up on her hands and knees and started sucking my cock aggressively. She was stroking me with one hand and bouncing her mouth up and down hard. I reached behind her and started rubbing her pussy. It was dripping wet as I slid two fingers inside her. June let out a muffled groan and sucked me harder.

Just when it was getting good, she pulled off and shifted her position. Next thing I knew, she was sucking Whitey's snake as the girl kept grinding her pussy on his face. She noticed June and me, then saw what June was doing. She grinned, stood up, and sat on my face. I hesitated for a moment, thinking Whitey had just been licking her, but as her cunt juices flowed into my mouth, I forgot all about it and started licking. She went wild, bucking on my face.

A minute or two later, I was so into eating her pussy, I didn't notice all the movement until June started sucking me again. I knew it was her mouth on my dick. I started rocking my hips. The girl on my mouth started cumming hard, and I had to focus or lose some teeth. When she finished, she stood up, and I saw Whitey on his hands and knees, fucking my wife hard from behind. She was bent over, her big ass cheeks shaking, as he pounded into her. My cock in her mouth muted her cries.

The girl I had eaten out straddled my belly and started sliding her hips down my body, dragging her wet pussy along my abdomen. I guess June noticed and moved off my cock, letting it go, as the girl took hold of it and guided me into her hot, wet cunt. Now, for the second time in one day, I was fucking someone other than my wife.

June let out a loud cry and started bucking wildly as she came all over Whitey's big dick. He wasn't done and kept fucking her to three more orgasms before he blew his nut. I didn't last that long. Right after June came the first time, the girl riding my cock came as well, which pushed me over the edge and I shot my load deep into her much younger pussy. She slid off and made her way over to the bar at the side of the room, returning a few minutes later with a couple of bottles of water.

"Need to stay hydrated," she said. "I'm Amber, by the way."

"JT," I said, then pointed at my wife being fucked relentlessly by Whitey. "That's June, and he's Wh-err Dennis."

"Oh," Amber said with a giggle, "I know Dennis. Everybody knows Dennis."

Amber kissed me and stood up. "Thanks for the fuck, JT. See you around." She walked off. I saw her later being double-teamed by two black guys.

June grabbed onto my hips and buried her face against my side as she came one last time. Whitey then let out a rapid series of grunts as he shot his sperm into my wife. I wasn't too thrilled about that, but under the circumstances, what could I do.

Whitey, pulled his cock out of June's pussy slowly, then plopped down next to me. "Whew! I knew she was a good fuck! How's it going JT? Had some fun with Amber? She's a hot one too!"

June was out of it, just laying there quivering and shaking. "She'll be alright," Whitey said when he saw my concerned look. "Give her a minute or two to recover, and she'll be ready to go again. Ain't that right, June?" Whitey smacked her on the ass. I wanted to hit him on the head.

June mumbled something then slowly crawled up to nuzzle her head against my neck. She took the bottle of water and drained half of it. Whitey saw some woman he wanted to play with and crawled off to chase after her. About that time, I saw Jugg's tits entering the room about five seconds ahead of the rest of her. She and Shorty came in, looking like deer in headlights.

Shorty saw me. I waved, and they headed our way. I noticed both of them had on white wristbands. That gave me a whole new perspective on both of them. I made sure they saw mine was orange and that I had the black one just to be safe.

Juggs crawled onto the cushions next to June and lay down with her body against my wife. Shorty sat down beside me, and I immediately felt uncomfortable. June looked up, saw Juggs, and rolled over to face her. They started kissing, which turned quickly into making out passionately. Shorty gave me a shit-eating grin and stood up, to get out of the way.

"I'm going to the bar. You folks want anything?" I asked. 

"Beer?" asked Shorty. June and Juggs both wanted Aperol spritzes. I made my way to the bar, got the drinks, putting them on my tab, when I saw Jasmine and her girlfriend Nannali making out on a little white divan.

"Hey, Jasmine," I said, trying to sound cool, but feeling like a dirty old man, naked with a cock smelling of strange pussy.

"JT!" she shouted, "you came! From the looks of your dick, at least once!"

"Yep, I sure did," I said. I turned to Jasmine's girlfriend and smiled. "You must be Noloni!"

"Nalani," she corrected me. 

"That's what I said, Naronnie," I replied. "We met the day we checked in. I was with my wife June."

"Yeah, I remember," she said. "You were the ones wanting refills."

"Yeah, that sounds about right," I said.

My hands were too full, with four drinks, and I looked goofy, standing there with a boner, so I excused myself.

"We're over there someplace if you want to join us," I said, immediately regretting it. Two young, hot chicks could fuck anybody they wanted in this orgy. There was no way they'd pick two old, out of shape people to play with. I blushed and walked away.

When I found our spot, I could not believe what I was seeing. June and Juggs were in a hot 69, with Juggs on top, her ass facing me. I could see June eating her pussy like it was the best tasting ice cream cone she'd ever had. Juggs had her head down between my wife's legs, eating her cunt just as ferociously.

Shorty was laying next to them, getting his cock sucked by a woman with short black hair. I handed him his beer. The girls were busy, so I put their drinks off to the side on a little table and downed my whiskey in one swallow. I was so turned on by everything, but especially watching my wife going muff-diver with Juggs. I knelt behind Juggs big ass and started licking in her ass crack. She reacted by bucking hard and gasping.

When my tongue hit her rosebud, she started cumming, and juices gushed out of her pussy all over June's face and into her mouth. I lifted, grabbed my hardon, and rubbed the head in her extremely wet slit. June noticed and licked my cock head, just before it plunged into Jugg's pussy. I held onto her hips and started fucking her hard and fast. She was grunting with each thrust, then turned back to look at me.

"Fuck me, JT," she demanded. So, I did. I fucked her harder and harder, pumping my cock into her like a jackhammer. I'd cum recently, so I had the staying power of a young man. My rock hard cock had no intention of slowing down.

Until I felt something warm and slithery sliding along my shaft, over my balls and attack my asshole, I glanced down to see my wife was now licking my ass as hard as she had been eating Jugg's pussy.

That did it.

I groaned and slammed into Juggs one more time, then started cumming inside her. I came hard and long, firing off at least ten bursts of cum into her cunt. I collapsed next to her, out of breath. The two girls rolled over, and both of them started licking and sucking my cock, cleaning off all of the juices. Amazingly, they were able to get me hard again in no time. I was too spent to climb up and do any work, so June straddled me and guided me into her hot pussy. I had never felt her feel so loose or so wet before. She fucked me out of control, like a wild woman driven insane by lust. 

She fucked me so hard it hurt. I could feel something hitting on my cock and assumed it had to be her cervix. I winced but held on. Thankfully, she came quickly and rolled off. Juggs was stroking my still-hard cock and was about to get on it again when a soft little voice spoke up. "Can I?"

My eyes darted open. Jasmine and Neruli were standing there looking at my cock hungrily. "Sure, you can," Juggs replied, slipping to the side to give Jasmine room. She stepped across me, then slowly lowered her body down, reaching between her legs to grip me and guide me to just the right spot.

I groaned as my cockhead parted her folds and started wedging inside her. She held back a second, then pushed down harder, and I slipped in about halfway. Her girlfriend started kissing her, one hand on her tits. Juggs kissed Jasmine on the neck, then lower to suck on the tit not being mauled. I bucked my hips, driving my cock deeper into her wet twat, and she moaned. I started fucking her, bouncing my hips up and down, but Jasmine thrust harder than I did, rocking her hips and snapping her pussy on my dick.

Just then, June straddled my face and lowered her pussy to my mouth. I started to lick her, but then remembered what had happened to her pussy. She giggled, "I used a water bottle to clean it out, squeamish boy!"

I shoved my tongue inside her and started eating her pussy, lost in a world of sinful sensations. June came, then rolled off to be replaced by Jasmine's girlfriend, sitting so they could kiss as they rode me. Her little pussy was sweet and tight as I tongue fucked her and lapped at her clit. Jasmine was bouncing hard and started cumming. I couldn't believe I hadn't cum again, but I went with it.

Both girls climbed off, and Jasmine said, "If you can tell me my girlfriend's name, you can fuck her."

"Nolomi!" I said quickly.

"No!"

"Naloni!"

"No!"

"Nanali!"

"Fuck it!" Nalani said as she climbed on my cock. "Close enough!"

As her tight little pussy gripped my cock, I knew I could not last much longer. I heard a familiar, deep-throated cry and looked to my right. June was on her hands and knees. Whitey was back and laying under her, his big dick filling her pussy. Shorty was behind her and had just shoved his cock into her ass. She looked my way, and we smiled at each other.

Just then, Nalani bottomed her pussy out on my cock, and I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed her beautiful tits in my hands and squeezed, thrusting up hard, my ass several inches off the cushion, and came inside her.

She shuddered as her own smaller orgasm passed through her body. She crawled off and gave me a quick peck on the lips. "Not bad," she said, "for an old guy."

I fell back onto the cushions and may have dozed off for a few minutes. June's screams of pleasure roused me, and I looked over to see her having the most intense orgasm you could ever imagine. When she finished, she crawled to me and kissed me, curling up next to me, as Juggs took her place to be double stuffed by her husband and Whitey.

I think June and I napped for a bit. When we came too, Juggs, Shorty, and Whitey were nowhere to be found. We got up, gingerly made our way through the writhing bodies to the shower room to wash up. We kissed lovingly in the shower, as we soaped each other up and rubbed our bodies together. Part of me wanted to fuck June right then, but my cock was not in the mood. He wanted to rest a bit longer. So, we finished washing up, retrieved our robes, and went back to our rooms.

We ordered room service, lay in bed, naked, holding each other, and watched reruns of Snapped the rest of the day. As I munched on my burger, I started laughing.
