 PREFACE

Before you read this work, please note that it is adult oriented and very sexually explicit. In addition, I would like to say that I am in no way a professional writer and ask your forgiveness for any grammatical errors that might be present. This story was written for entertainment purposes only, yours as well as my own. My hope is that you will enjoy this creation and that it might give you a fantasy break from your everyday grind. 

~~ Odysseyker 

Becky knew going to the party wasn't a good idea. It wasn't that she didn't want to go, or that she disliked the people that would be there. But, she knew that the last couple of parties hosted by Jamie and Todd had finished as drunken orgies, although they weren't intended to be and hadn't started that way. Still, it had been a while since she was last able to find the time to enjoy an evening of mingling with her friends. The hosts had assured her that this was going to be a 'laid back night of food and friends', which brought her some solace. So even though she knew she'd be right in the middle of things if a sexual debauchery arose, she convinced herself to attend. 

She turned on the faucet, letting the water run in the tub for a minute to warm up before switching the flow to the shower head. As the steam rose from the spray, Becky undressed and tossed her clothing at the overfull hamper. 'Guess I need to do some laundry,' she told herself, and then stepped into the tub. 

She closed her eyes and tilted her head back, letting the shower rain down, soaking her thick red hair. The warm water felt especially good after the difficult Friday that she'd had at work. It tickled the backs of her legs as it tumbled off of the firm, round cheeks of her ass. After a few minutes, she lifted her head again and let the water pelt her shoulder blades and middle back, easing the tension further. 

Turning around to face the jets of water, Becky picked up her soap and began to rub it in her hands, creating a thick lather. She began scrubbing her body, starting at her shoulders and working down her arms, then returning to her neckline. Soaping her throat, she again moved downward, over the swell of her 38 DD breasts and onto her taught stomach. The rich froth of soap slipped further down, accumulating atop the thick nest of auburn curls nestled between her creamy thighs. Her hands promptly followed, washing down her right leg, and then the left. After this was finished, she massaged a handful of the suds into her bush, working it deep in her crotch. 

Once she finished washing, Becky slowly turned her body in the spray to make sure the soap was all rinsed thoroughly from her. Her hands rubbed all over to aid in the dispersal, lingering for just a moment as her palms descended over her fat, and now erect, nipples. She continued, making sure every part of her body was free of the residue, and then set about washing her heavy mane of red hair. When the task was complete, she repeated the whole rinsing procedure again. And again, as her hands moved over her breasts, she paused. Only this time she tarried there even longer than before, kneading the soft mounds of flesh for a few moments before moving on. 

When she was confident that she was completely free of all the soapy remains, Becky simply stood still, letting the water pour over her again. Closing her eyes, she could almost feel every tiny droplet as it crashed into her body. One particular stream of those droplets seemed to be focused directly on her left nipple, and the sensation was like no other means of stimulation. Becky's eyes opened and she looked down to watch the water as it peppered the stiff bud of flesh. Shifting her gaze to her right nipple, she confirmed that it was not receiving the same direct contact with the water. But, taking the slippery orbs in her hands, she was soon able to maneuver her boobs into a position that allowed for both nipples to be pounded by different streams simultaneously. 

It didn't take much of this to stimulate the 28 year old woman's libido to the point that she began to feel the heat of passion building between her legs. And after a couple more minutes, Becky released the hold she had on her right tit, dropping that hand into her groin. Still grasping her left breast, but beginning to gently massage it, the slim fingers of her right hand contacted, and then pushed through, the dense hair that covered her pubic mound. Proceeding, she edged further down, until her fingertips found the very top of her vaginal split. She began a gentle rubbing of the area, in a small circular motion, keeping steady pressure on her still concealed clitoris. 

Becky knew her body well, and that knowledge soon had her climbing to the point of no return. 'I better knock it off and go get ready for the party,' she told herself. But for some reason, she didn't, and after a few more moments of blissful self-stimulation, she started to reason with herself. 'Maybe, if I get myself off, I won't be as likely to get involved in anything at the party,' she thought. The idea seemed sound and it gave her an excuse to continue with what she was doing, and even step things up a bit. Which she did by slipping her right hand even deeper into her crotch, parting the protruding labia, and dipping a finger into her dampening pussy. It was only a few seconds before she was able to wiggle the digit almost completely into her hole. 

Once the finger was buried inside her, Becky began gently twisting and pulling on her nipples with the other hand. The combined sensations were soon working their magic on her, and she began to let little "Ooo"s and "Ahh"s escape from her lips. Her excitement continued to build and she noticed the first telltale signs of her soon to be had orgasmic release. She was now pumping her finger steadily in and out of the expanding vaginal opening, pausing from time to time to rub heavily on her no longer hidden clit. 

The water had begun to grow cooler and cooler, and she knew that the hot water was almost gone. She picked up the pace in an effort to finish before it ran out, but it was no use and she was soon left standing in a spray of nearly ice cold water. 'Shit!' she thought, scrambling to turn off the faucet, 'I was almost there.' Becky flung the shower curtain back and hurriedly stepped out of the tub in search of a warm towel. Her nipples had stiffened even more from the cold water and goose bumps covered her body. 'Damn it to Hell!' she continued ranting to herself in frustration. 

Grabbing the towel that she had set out to use, she quickly dried the chilling liquid off of her body. She glanced at the clock and it read 6:15, causing her to curse out loud this time, "Dammit! How did it get so late?" Now she would have to hurry if she was going to make it to the party even close to the '7:00 P.M.' invitation. She scurried about, drying her hair and donning her makeup. Then she went to her closet in search of something to wear. 'Nothing sexy or revealing,' she reminded herself, settling on a pair of black denim pants and a pink button-down oxford. The attire complimented her figure, but was still quite conservative. 

Satisfied with her appearance, Becky headed for her car, guessing she could be at Todd and Jamie's by about 7:10. As she turned the key in the ignition, the thought 'I sure wish I'd had time to get off,' ran through her mind, but she quickly dismissed it and backed out of the drive. Her reprieve was short lived because while she drove, her brain kept insisting on reminding her of just how horny she was, especially now that she'd been so close to cumming and denied. Try as she might, she simply couldn't keep from replaying the shower scene in her mind. By the time she arrived at her destination, Becky could tell that her pussy was barely containing the wetness. 

Becky rang the bell and Jamie, a tall, thin, sandy-haired woman of 32 answered, greeting her with a hug. "Sorry I'm late," Becky apologized. 

"No big deal," Jamie consoled, "I don't even think you'll be the last to arrive." Then, as she turned and started through the house, she beckoned, "Come on and grab a bite to eat." 

"I'll be there in a minute," Becky replied, adding, "I need to use the bathroom first."

"Okay... Everyone's out back when you're done," Jamie finished before she disappeared around the corner, into the kitchen. 

An hour or so later, everyone had eaten and the spirits had begun to flow. Still, it seemed as though the hosts' description of the evening was right on, and there were no indications that things might get boisterous. Becky remained on her guard, all the same, because she would never be able to forget those last two parties. Not that she really wanted to, but she was a little embarrassed about her past behavior. The last time, she had been fucked by four guys, while bent over Jamie's kitchen table. But by the same token, no one else even noticed because they were all too busily involved in their own depraved sexual encounters. 

It was one of those encounters that stuck out in Becky's mind, and was probably the most disconcerting for her. It was a true demonstration of just how wild and wicked these parties had gotten. Tanya, a mutual friend of herself and Jamie, who wasn't in attendance at this party, had gotten herself into a real predicament. 

Most everyone at that party were well acquainted and several people happened to know that Tanya was into S & M. At some point, she got a little huffy with one of the male guests and he rebuked her by telling her he thought she needed a good spanking. Her poorly thought out, alcohol-induced reply was, "Maybe I do!" That was the spark that ignited the fire. 

Minutes later, Tanya was naked and tied to a picnic table, her feet spread wide. She was bent over the end of the table at the waist, with her arms stretched in front of her and secured at the opposite end. The group of men, and women alike, that had subdued her was standing around her laughing, her half-hearted protests and pleas going unanswered. 

Becky remembered watching the victim's pale white buttocks gradually turn to a crimson red as people took turns spanking her. Most of the participants simply used their hands to administer the punishment, but a few, more sadistic players, opted for thin switches that left distinctive red stripes on Tanya's bottom. 

From time to time, during the course of the torment, those delivering it would jam one or two fingers into Tanya's pussy. "She's lovin' this shit! Look how wet she is!" one of the guys exclaimed as he withdrew a pair of shiny fingers from the captive's vagina. A barrage of exuberant whistles and degrading remarks followed. 

Eventually, a line of men formed behind the distressed woman and they screwed her mercilessly. From time to time, more swats were dealt to her ass, and each time, Tanya would cry out. But Becky found out later that the woman hand enjoyed the whole spectacle, and even climaxed twice during the onslaught. 

"Here, I saw your drink was empty," a voice brought Becky back to the present. It was Derek, an attractive black man that Jamie had introduced to her just that evening.

"O-Oh... Thanks," she said, taking the beverage from him. As she looked around, she could see that the people had all separated into several smaller groupings, scattered around the yard and patio. Some consisted of four or five people, while others were only couples, as was the case with her and Derek. She took a long drink from the glass and set it down on the stone edging of a nearby flowerbed. Usually never at a loss for words, her thoughts of the previous parties had her somewhat flustered and mute. 

"You seem like you're somewhere else," the man stated, trying to strike up a conversation.

"Sorry... I was just thinking about some stuff," Becky explained. 

"I'm not trying to be nosy, but anything you want to talk about?" Derek inquired. 

"No, not really," she told him, "Just thinking back." 

"Your name's Becky, right?" he wondered. 

"Uh-huh" she replied, nodding her head. 

"I've always been bad with names... Until I get to know someone, anyway," he attested, still trying to engage her. 

Coming more back to reality, the redhead acknowledged his comment and they worked into a relaxing, yet compelling conversation. They talked about their jobs and interests while downing the drinks Derek had supplied, and another round. Eventually, after a little more prying by the man, Becky confessed that she had been thinking about other parties that their hosts had organized. 

"Have you ever been to any of their other parties?" Becky wondered.

"No. I've only lived here a short time," Derek replied, going on to explain that he had recently got a job at the company where Jamie works, and that's how he came to be invited to this one. 

"Well if I know Jamie, she probably invited you 'cause she wants to get you in the sack," Becky blurted before really thinking. Quickly realizing what she had said, she apologized, "Oh my god! I'm sorry. That was pretty rude."

Derek laughed and remarked, "That's okay. I kinda' get the same feeling."

"Still; that wasn't a very nice thing to say," the redhead commented, adding, "It must be the alcohol."

While they continued to joke about the remark, Becky's brain began to build mental pictures of Derek pounding away at her friend. The images were very vivid as she imagined his ebony tool stabbing in and out of Jamie while she thrashed around beneath him. Then, as if someone had injected her with lust, she remembered how horny she had been earlier, and the lack of the satisfaction she'd sought. The next vision she had was again Derek, but now he was slamming his cock into her instead of Jamie. She made up her mind right then that she wasn't going to be denied twice in the same night. 

"Why don't you get us another drink while I go to the restroom," Becky urged, handing her empty glass to Derek. As she walked away, it was almost as though she could feel the man's eyes watching her hind-end. She could have even sworn that she heard a muffled 'mmm-mm-mmm' from his direction.

Before exiting the bathroom to return, Becky paused and looked into the mirror. She checked her makeup and ran her fingers through her hair, making sure her appearance was in order. Satisfied, she smiled, but then decided a bit more cleavage was in order. She had left only the collar and very top button undone, revealing nothing of her chest. Her fingers made quick work of unfastening the next two buttons, then she hefted her boobs in her hands to adjust their positioning and make sure that she maximized the deep cleft. 'That should get his attention,' she thought. 

As she walked out to rejoin the party, Becky felt a tingle of sexiness race through the pit of her stomach. She knew that she was setting herself up for the very thing she had wanted to avoid, but couldn't help proceeding. The buzz of the drinks made her feel a little unsteady, but she gathered herself to be as seductive as she could. Sauntering over to where the pair had been conversing, she found Derek awaiting her return. 

"Hey there," she quipped as she neared him. 

"Here ya', 'cough', go," he sputtered as he handed her the glass, obviously noticing the change in her wardrobe. 

"What's the matter; swallow your gum?" she teased. 

"Uh, yeah... Something like that," he responded bashfully.

"So... What were we talking about?" Becky pondered. "Oh yeah... Jamie and you in the sack," she answered herself. "So, would you?" she posed. 

"Would I what... Go to bed with her?" he asked. After a few moments mulling it over, Derek said, "Yeah, I guess I probably would," adding, "But she's not really my type. She's too lean for my tastes." 

"I see..." Becky mused, tipping her glass toward her lips. 

"I prefer a woman with a few more curves," he offered, continuing after a brief pause, "More like you." 

Again, Becky simply said, "I see..." and took another, longer drink from her hi-ball. After she swallowed, she looked at him and asked in as seductive a voice as she could, "So you're saying that you'd take me to bed?"

"Hell yes! In a heartbeat," Derek responded enthusiastically. 

Stepping closer to him, Becky steamily said, "Good. I don't know if Jamie wants to get you in the sack or not, but I certainly wouldn't mind." And feeling even more confident, with alcohol enhanced courage, she shuffled a little closer and reached out to trail her fingers along the man's fly. "In fact, I'd almost fuck you right here, right now," she boldly stated. 

"What's stopping you?" he taunted. "Just because I've never been to one of their parties, doesn't mean that I haven't heard about them. I don't think us gettin' it on would be a big shock," he said very matter-of-factly. 

Becky thought for a moment, still running her fingers up and down the length of Derek's fly. "Damned if I know," she grinned, then tossed back the rest of her drink. After setting the empty glass down, she said, "This party needs a little excitement anyway," as she began to unbutton her shirt. 

Moments later she had discarded the shirt and quickly reached around to unhook the lacy brassiere that was supporting her breasts. Once it was removed and tossed on top of the shirt, Derek wasted no time in groping the exposed mounds. As he began a suave assault on her chest, Becky moved her own hands outward, searching out the man's belt line. She unbuckled his belt and unfastened the trousers before sliding the zipper down. The garment easily dropped past his hips, pooling just above his knees. To Becky's surprise, Derek wasn't wearing any underwear. 

It only took a moment for her to find his half-hard cock and begin stroking it. Although her view was blocked by her own breasts and Derek's hands and arms, Becky could tell that he was well endowed. Probably no more than some that she had enjoyed before, but certainly larger than the average male. Her heart quickened and a slight tingle ran through her bones as she imagined the tool slipping into her wet hole. This increased her desire and she decided to step up the action.

Pulling slightly away from Derek's body, Becky lowered herself to her knees, coming eye level with his ebony penis. She continued massaging the still stiffening rod for a few moments, and then leaned forward to encircle its head with her ruby red lips. "Mmm... Oh yeah, Baby," he moaned as she took him in. It was only a short time before Becky's head was bobbing up down as she worked his now totally hard manhood. "God, yes... Damn, that feels good, Darlin'," Derek expounded. 

Pulling off the turgid member, Becky huskily questioned, "You like that?" before licking her way around the crown, using only the very tip of her tongue. 

"Ohhh yeahhh," he affirmed. 

Still using only the tip of her tongue, Becky slowly licked her way down the underside of his shaft. Once she reached the base, she gently nuzzled the heavy orbs, kissing and sucking at them. Then she worked her way back to the tip, caressing the bulging veins with her tongue along the way. "Mmm... Suck it, Babe," Derek coaxed.

Not that she needed the direction, but Becky followed his instruction and once more pulled the purple head into her mouth. While she sucked away at him, her hands stroked up and down the shaft, as well as his lower abdomen. Suddenly she had a strange feeling that overtook her mind. She couldn't remember the last time she'd felt this full of lust and adventure. As much as she had wanted to avoid a sexual debacle, she now yearned for just such an event. 

Becky twisted her head from side to side trying to glance around and see if anyone else had noticed what was taking place. She couldn't see anyone though, since her back was to the rest of the party. It was just then that she heard Jamie's voice from behind her saying, "This was supposed to be a non-sexual party!"
