 My friendship with Ray began with meeting over the Internet. I had written a fantasy story and had it posted. He had read it and wrote to tell me how much he had enjoyed it. We emailed back and forth and found that we had many things in common, especially in the area of fantasy. Although he had never tried a bisexual relationship it was one of his favorites and his wife, Cindy was open in her aspect of sex and fantasy that she was always willing to enjoy his fantasy. 

I'm Stan, and always gone through life with the feeling that 'if it's agreeable between two parties and does not cause injury or pain...then go for it'. This has allowed me to enjoy many different variations during my lifetime. My wife, Pat, and I had known each other since our teens, but we were in our 40's before the fates allowed us to marry. She is a great lady, and enjoys fantasies; X movies; using toys; and sex just about anywhere and anytime. One of our greatest enjoyments is to read a story or look at pictures on the Net and masturbate together or perform oral sex while the other one reads or looks. She especially likes when reading a story or browsing the jpeg's to ask questions if I had ever done this or that and what exactly happened. It almost never fails that before I'm done the vibrator is working her clit and she will have an intense climax and then proceed to insure my satisfaction.

As Ray and I conversed via email we found that many of our fantasies were the same, and he enjoyed hearing of my many encounters. We also found that our wives were reading our emails and enjoying our 'open chats'. Their only remarks were that this was fantasy and would never come to be, they really liked the fantasy but would not participate in something really occurring. Ray and I were ok with this and continued to enjoy sharing our fantasies, and in turn enjoyed the increased interest our respective wives found in reading them. Ray mentioned one day how much this had renewed their sex life, as Cindy would be reading our emails and have her hand deep in her panties and pulling his cock at the same time. I had laughed and written back that the same was happening here at my house. Pat would read an email and come downstairs and either pull my face to her wet pussy or pull my sweats down and practically swallow my cock. 

As luck would have it Ray and Cindy found themselves on vacation and were going to be traveling within about a hundred miles of our house so we made plans to meet. They were going to stay the night at a campground so Pat and I nervously drove down the highway to meet them. I found out later the conversation we had while driving was much the same as Ray and Cindy had awaiting our arrival. The ladies didn't want to get involved in type of sexual games and Ray was as nervous as I about meeting. It was so easy over the Internet to express feelings and thoughts but the thought of really meeting, in reality, was just a little scary. 

The initial meeting went well, the short period of awkwardness and we settled into friendly conversation. I had picked up a couple bottles of wine as had Ray so as the evening wore on we all became more relaxed to broach the subject of sex and our fantasies. As we chatted I couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to suck Ray's cock. We had talked over the Net many times and he was really curious, and always liked to hear my stories of times that I had done mutual masturbation or sucked another cock to completion. I noticed that Ray had a bulge in his shorts and from time to time would catch him glancing at the growth in my shorts. 

Cindy was the first to open the subject, "Stan of all the stories that you tell us about, have they really happened?"

"Actually...yes they have," I responded nervously, "some of them I wouldn't want to repeat but they still turn me on and many times they do the same for Pat when I retell them."

"I need some fresh air," Pat spoke for the first time and looked over at Cindy, "care to join me?" Cindy nodded and Ray and I watched as they left the motor home. 

"I do believe they were both a little excited," Ray said after the door had closed, "At least there were four erect nipples I noticed." 

"I saw that too, and I don't know about Cindy but I'm sure Pat's pussy is more than a little damp from the way she was tensing her thighs." Ray nodded, "Yeh Cindy was for sure. When her nipples get hard from being turned on her juices begin to run."

"I'm glad we got a motel for the night. Pat, I know is turned on and will want to get off..." My thoughts trailed off knowing how excited she was and the satisfaction we would get if alone. 

Ray interrupted my thoughts. "That's the truth! I don't know about you but I'll sure as hell get my eyeballs fucked out after you leave!" I had to laugh with that statement, "I'll be lucky if I'm out the campground entrance before she has her fist wrapped around my cock and her other hand in her panties."

We heard the girls chatting as they returned. Both of us had been unconsciously rubbing our cocks through our pants as we talked and looked sheepishly at one another as we adjusted our hardons to a more comfortable position before the girls came in. They grabbed a couple diet Pepsi's and sat at the small kitchen table. Cindy was the first to speak, "You guys have talked about wanting to do each other for a long time, and Pat and I have been discussing that..." Pat picked up where Cindy had ended, "We have told you both that we didn't want to participate, and we don't. But we also feel it's not fair for you guys. I know Stan has sucked and played with other cocks, although I've never seen it he has told me about it." 

I just stared not believing what I was hearing. My mind began to whirl as thoughts flew through it. I didn't know what Ray's thoughts were but I could hear his breathing quicken. Cindy then continued, "we both want you guys to explore, but there is a catch." She glanced at Pat and they both giggled. "While you play we want to take pictures. I'm going to use the digital camera and Pat will be using the camcorder."

I was still in shock, but was excited about the thought. I had sucked a number of cocks, and I had enough exhibitionist in me to find the thought of being watched and recorded a turn on. I just wasn't sure about Ray. As we sat there the girls busied themselves. I looked over at Ray and could see his rigid cock straining against his shorts, "Do you want to try this or are you to nervous?"

"I'd love to...it's a dream come true, but I...I...don't know."

"Maybe this will help, since I've done it before." As I spoke I stood and let my shorts and boxers drop to the floor and then kneeling between Ray's legs I opened his shorts and as he lifted his hips I pulled them to the floor. I could feel his eyes staring at my cock as it pointed straight up against my lower belly. I couldn't take my eyes off his cock, and barely noticed the two gasps coming from behind me. But could hear the unmistakable sound of their digital camera taking pictures and the hum of Pat's camcorder.

Taking Ray's cock in my hand I softly lifted it from his belly, "Just let me have some enjoyment, you just sit still." The only response was a quietly whispered, "ok." Moving up between his legs I pressed my turgid rod against his and my hand closed over both of them. "Wow, we are about the same size, look how they slide together...can you feel the heat from the two of them...our precum is really coating them...doesn't that feel good Ray?" 

"ohhhhh...ahhhhhh...," was the extent of his answer. I glanced up at Ray and his eyes never moved from the movements of my hand and the two cocks rubbed together. Using my other hand I reached under and cupped our balls together. "Remember how I wrote you one time and told Cindy how to masturbate you? Has she tried that yet?"

"not...not...y-y-y-y-yet-t-t-t." Releasing our cocks, I grasped his shaft just below the head and pulled the skin tight to the base. The veins stood out along the shaft and I could feel and see his heartbeat as the blood coursed through his rigid prick. "guess we could use some more lube," and my mouth dropped to the cockhead. My saliva coated the head and I could taste Ray's precum as it flowed from the tip. Leaning back I wrapped my finger and thumb just above the crown and rapidly stroked. His cock strained and against my movements and his hips began to involuntarily shake. "go ahead, my friend your cock is ready to give me your hot cum." As I spoke my fingers moved faster and I poised my mouth over his purple cockhead...

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHMYGAWDDDDDDDDDDDDD," Ray screamed and I felt the load travel the length of the shaft. "Watch it cum!! Ray! Watch IT CUM!!" The first load shot form the tip of his cock and directly into my waiting mouth.

"AHHHHHHHHHHH," he screamed again! Without waiting my mouth enclosed the head and I began to suck his hot load. I felt his hands grab at my head and as he pushed down I felt his cock blow blast after blast into my waiting mouth and throat. I swallowed quickly, his cum a sweet salty taste. As the stream of cum ended my hand that had held the skin tight against the base of his shaft began to gently stroke, milking the last of his cum. My mouth sucked drawing the remaining cum into my mouth. My lips enclosed just below the knob of his cockhead moving slowly up and down. As I felt his cock soften I sat back on my haunches and looked up at Ray, "Well how was that for a blow job," and smiled.

All he could do was nod. Glancing over at Pat and Cindy they were mesmerized by what they had just seen. Pat had a sheen of sweat across her top lip, which I knew indicated her pussy was soaking wet from the show she had just seen. Cindy had beads of sweat on her brow and I was sure her pussy was soaking wet. The precum from my cock had continued to flow from the tip and was so wet it looked like it was coated with oil. I moved up on the couch next to Ray, and held my cock. "Would you like a taste of this?"

He gathered his strength and leaned slowly towards my cock. I cupped his cock and balls gently in my hand. "I'm really close Ray so you're going to get a full load real quick here. I can't wait much longer."

As I cupped his balls in the palm of my hand I watched as he hesitated and then drew my cock into his mouth. The warmth of his mouth and his tongue circling my cockhead was all I could take! "ooooHHHAARRGGGHHHH... cummmMMMinGGGG... Ray, suck me!! NOWWWWWW...!!" My cum shot hot down the shaft and I watched it unload in his mouth...holding my cock I watched as his head moved up and down my cock shaft..."Oh damn Ray, that feels good." Just as I thought I was empty I suddenly felt his finger circling my tight back hole and before I could speak he buried it deep and began to fuck my ass. "ohhhh, damn!" was all I uttered as I felt any remaining cum flow into his mouth...

Ray sat back and had a crooked grin "That was great!"

...I chuckled, "yes it sure was."

Glancing over at Pat and Carol we both knew they were extremely turned on. Their nipples were outlined against their blouses and the smell of juices flowing from their pussies was unmistakable. Pat was the first to move, leaning forward she grabbed my hand and pulled me towards her and forced my head between her legs..."I need to cum NOW!"...needing no further encouragement I opened her slacks and buried my mouth against her soaking cunt. The last I remember was Cindy pressing her bush against Ray's mouth ...

It was really an evening of "show-n-tell"!