 She wakes up to another morning with a wet pussy, throbbing clit and no one to fuck. She and her husband have been apart, due to his work, for most of the last six weeks. She's a very sexual, sensual woman who enjoys great sex and is missing it a lot. She loves sucking cock, having her pussy eaten, and she loves to be fucked in any direction. Oh how she'd love to be able to fuck her man this morning! It's been a long six weeks! 

She finds herself watching a lot more porn than usual and masturbating 2-3 times a day, but still she isn't satisfied. Vibrator, dildo, fingers, just aren't doing it. So horny, at times she found it hard to breathe and swallow. She and her husband have had some mutual masturbation video chats, and she loves watching him cum while he's watching her! She's made videos of herself to share with her husband, which he very much enjoyed. She even posted some on a porn site, as she found it to be a huge turn on knowing strangers were watching her, getting off to her, and the comments she received were explicit and exciting! That made her pussy even wetter and her clit even harder. But no matter what she did, she wasn't getting the sexual release she craved and needed.

Her husband has wanted her to explore her sexuality more. He fantasizes about watching her get fucked by a big cock, about fucking her while she sucks another cock, about getting one of her amazing blowjobs while her clit is sucked by another man. He wants to see her enjoy another man, preferably with a big cock, a big black one would be even better! They've fantasized about it together and she too now wants to experience a threesome. She's very curious about being with a woman too. She imagines what it might be like to eat a pussy while her husband fucks her, to watch her husband eat and fuck another pussy, to play with and suck a nice set of tits while he does it. While he's been gone, she's fantasized more about these scenarios and gets off to it, but still, it isn't satisfying her. She needs some cock to suck, to lick, to fuck!

Her husband has told her many times before to, "Go get yourself some big dick, just take pictures for me." She's laughed it off in the past, not thinking he's serious and not being comfortable with the idea of being alone with another man, but maybe, just maybe now is the time to become his slutwife. They've certainly talked about it enough, but would she have the guts to go trolling for dick??

This morning's wet pussy has her fantasizing more about how she might find a big cock to play with. It can't be anyone they know, not ready for that! Does she even know how to flirt, to seduce anymore? Should she go to a bar? Hook up with someone from an online site? The thoughts going through her head make her pussy even wetter; she masturbates for the second time that morning. She puts her fingers deep in her pussy and extracts her juices to rub on her tits, her nipples are so hard. She tries to suck them, but can't quite latch on, so she licks her juices off her nipples, tasting her sweetness and wishing her man was sucking them, or another man, or a woman, she doesn't really care at the moment. She rubs her clit, so big and hard with desire. She slides her big dildo deep into her pussy, slowly pulling it out so she can feel the rim of its head rub against her swollen pussy lips before thrusting it deep inside again. It's not enough, she reaches for her vibrator and slides that in with the dildo...a DP of toys! With one hand she thrusts the toys in & out, with the other she rubs, pulls, and strokes her ever growing clit. She comes so hard the vibrator shoots across the bed, the dildo slides out, both dripping in her cum. Her clit is pulsating and twitching, until finally it goes back under its hood to rest. Still, she wants more.

There's this bar in town, often frequented by single men and happens to make some great wings. She needs to do something for dinner. Maybe she'll pull herself together and head out there tonight, just to grab a bite to eat and check the vibe out. She sends a text to her husband, "I'm so fucking horny! Are you sure you're cool with me finding some cock to play with?" To which he replied, "You know the rules...have fun and send pictures!"

In the shower she goes. Washing her hair, shaving her legs and pussy until it shines! All the while, imaging what tonight might bring. She lets the shower spray on her clit and rubs herself off again. As she dries off, she contemplates what to wear. The easy part is what not to wear; no bra and no panties. Her husband always tells her to wear what makes her feel sexy, so after trying on a few outfits she settles on what makes her feel sexiest...a tight, low cut tank top that hugs her tits and shows her nipples nicely, a denim mini skirt, and her ever present flip flops. Her pussy is getting wet just imagining herself walking into a bar with nipples poking out, tits bouncing, and a wet, pantyless pussy under her skirt. And that's just what she did!

Driving to the bar, she almost turned around a couple of times, telling herself this was wrong, a bad idea, but her throbbing pussy and hard nipples told her otherwise. She parked her car, took a deep breath and walked to the entrance. A couple good looking guys were sitting on the front patio, drinking beer and quite obviously enjoyed watching her as she approached the entrance. She put a little extra bounce into her steps, smiled and went inside. She ordered a white wine and chicken wings and asked they be brought to her table outside. A band was just getting setup and she hoped she might get a dance at some point in the evening. She sat at a table not too close to the guys, but in a great location for their viewing. She has a bit of exhibitionism in her and was looking forward to flashing her freshly shaved pussy at them, very discreetly of course, after all she's a slutwife, not a whore!

Her glass of wine arrived quickly and it went down really well. She ordered another when her wings arrived. She adjusted herself on the hightop seat and the guys got their first glance at her pussy. She saw a smile come to their faces. She ate her wings, dripping in spicy sauce and slowly, seductively licked her fingers. She could tell the guys were watching her from the corner of their eyes and she liked it! Time for another little pussy flash and this time one of them licked his lips! She enjoyed her wings and the subtle attention. The waiter brought another glass of wine, ordered for her by the guys. She raised her glass to them and they asked her to join them. She smiled, got off of her chair flashing them again, and happily joined them.

"Thank you so much for the wine and asking me to join you guys! I'm Shoshana, it's very nice to meet you gentlemen." Typical idle chitchat occurred along with some subtle flirting...She'd casually touch their shoulders, their legs, play with her hair while pushing her tits out. They'd touch her arm, her leg, a couple not so subtle moves to brush their hands across her hard nipples. She was getting wet and very turned on! They could probably smell the aromatic scent of her pussy! 

The band starts playing and it isn't long before Joe (the older, tall guy with long gray hair) stands up, takes her hand and says, "Let's dance!" She slides off the chair, giving him a clear view of her beautiful pussy, follows him to the dance floor, kicks off her flip flops and starts shaking her stuff! After a couple fast dances the band slows it down and Joe takes her in his arms for a slow one. He holds her tight to him and moves one of his hands to the top of her ass. She pushes her hips into him and can feel his package is growing. She loves that she's making this guy hard just by dancing with him! The band takes a break and they walk back to the table, Joe's hand on her ass.

As Shoshana sits down, she makes sure Alejandro (the younger, very handsome Hispanic guy) gets equal viewing of her pussy...and he shows her he likes it by seductively licking his lips! He orders her another wine, places his hand high on her thigh and tells her, "The next few dances are mine!" She is happy to oblige. The three of them sit there, enjoying their drinks and the flirting continues. More leg touching, higher on the thigh. Shoshana "accidently" brushes her hand against Alejandro's dick, trying to subtly check out his goods. Fun is definitely being had by all!

The band starts back up. The crowd is heavily Hispanic, so this set starts with some hot, sexy Latino music. Alejandro grabs Shoshana's hand, pulls her up (once again revealing her pussy), puts his arm around her waist and leads her to the dance floor. There's no sexier music than Latino music, it just makes you want to fuck! Alejandro spins her around the dance floor, grabbing her ass at every possible opportunity. He takes her in his arms and gyrates his hard cock against her; she can feel he has a big cock and it's not even fully hard...yet! He turns her around so her ass is against his cock and she starts pushing against him, sliding up & down. He puts his hands between her legs, on her thighs, and pulls her closer to him as she rubs against him. Things are getting really hot on the dance floor tonight! 

As they walk back to the table to join Joe, Shoshana can feel her pussy starting to drip down her legs. Joe says, "That was some HOT dancing! You can really move girl!" 

To which Shoshana replied, "You ain't seen nothing...yet!"

They're both rubbing the inside of Shoshana's thigh now, high up on her leg, with a little stroking of her pussy lips. Alejandro says, "You don't know how bad I want to grab your tits right now! 

Shoshana looks around, turns to Alejandro, pulls one of her tits out and says, "Here you go!" He gives her tit a quick squeeze and a lick, and she turns to Joe and asks, "Do you want a quick squeeze before I put her away?" 

"I thought you'd never ask," says Joe as he takes a quick suck of her tit.

"I don't know about you guys, but I'm really horny and want to be fucked!" Shoshana announced.

Joe asks, "Which one of us do you want to give the honor to?" 

"I was hoping to do you both, if that's alright with you guys," Shoshana replied. To which she received a simultaneous, "Fuck yeah!"

Shoshana tells them the rules..."Before we move this party elsewhere, there's something you need to know. I'm married and my husband is out-of-town. Before you freak out and lose your hard-ons, you need to understand I'm a slutwife, meaning my husband likes me and encourages me to fuck other men. His only rule is I send him pictures of me having fun. Can you deal with this?"

Joe immediately gets concerned. "Husbands are trouble. How do we know you're telling the truth?"

Shoshana offers to get her husband, Lucky, on the phone and this satisfies Joe. Rather than have this conversation in the bar, they head to the parking lot. They barely get to the car when Alejandro grabs her pussy and exclaims, "You're not kidding you're horny, that pussy of yours is dripping wet! I want to fuck you right here!" 

The parking lot is well off the road and out of view, so Shoshana bends over the car, spreads her legs, and lifts her skirt, giving Alejandro full access. He pulls his big, thick cock out and thrusts it into her dripping cunt. While he starts to fuck her, Shoshana makes a video call to her husband. "Hey baby, I finally took you up on your offer and found myself some cocks to play with! 

"Right on baby! You have some fun and take lots of pics!" Lucky responds with much excitement.

Shoshana tells him one of the guys doesn't believe her husband is okay with it and wants to hear it from him. Joe comes to the phone and Lucky tells him, "I just want my woman to have fun, so fuck her good dude!" Lucky then asks Shoshana if the other guy is cool with it.

"He must be, he's fucking me right now in the parking lot! Will send you a picture in a minute baby." 

Joe took a couple pics for her and they sent them to Lucky before heading out. Alejandro knew a motel just out of town that caters to "discreet sexual encounters", so she followed them in her car. 

They barely got in the room before Shoshana grabbed at both their crotches, feeling both men's growing cocks. She sat on the edge of the bed, took their cocks out of their pants and started stroking each of them. Both men were well endowed; Joe was very long, but not as thick as Alejandro. She could see herself enjoying sucking and fucking both of them. Since Alejandro had already had a little pussy time in the parking lot, Shoshana decided to suck Joe first. His cock was so long she couldn't get it all in her mouth, but she sure enjoyed trying! So did Joe! He couldn't believe how good of a blowjob he was getting. Alejandro took lots of pics and a few short videos, while Shoshana stroked his cock.

She could tell Joe was getting close to cumming and it was just too soon, so she turned her attention to Alejandro. She could barely get her mouth around his girth and she loved it! She sucked him, licked him, and stroked him until he begged to fuck her. Joe got some great video and sent it to Lucky for his immediate enjoyment. It wasn't long before Lucky called and wanted to watch. They positioned the phone so he had optimal viewing, then set up a video camera to capture fun.

Shoshana laid on the bed and asked, "Which one of you is going to eat my pussy first?" Joe quickly obliged and began licking her pussy and sucking her clit. Alejandro positioned himself for another blowjob and Shoshana was happy to have his cock in her mouth. She looked over at Lucky and saw his approving smile as he stroked his hard cock. Joe got her off good, but she wanted more! He turned her over and plunged his long cock in her while she continued to suck Alejandro. Joe started fucking her hard and Lucky was stroking his cock to their rhythm. Shoshana started cumming and Joe couldn't stop himself; he shot his whole load on her ass and back. 

Alejandro wanted to lick up her juices, so he rolled Shoshana on her back and went down on her like a school boy! She came again, hard this time. With her body jerking and twitching, she begged him to fuck her with his big cock. Of course Alejandro was happy to give her what she wanted. He put her legs up on his shoulders and slowly put his big cock in her welcoming pussy. He fucked her slow at first, almost teasing her, which drove her crazy! The crazier she got the faster Lucky was stroking his cock and saying over the phone, "Enjoy it baby, I sure am!" Joe was playing with Shoshana's tits and sucking her hard nipples. He started stroking his cock too, trying desperately to get it hard again. Shoshana came again as she rode up & down on Alejandro's thick cock, while Lucky encouraged her by saying, "That's my slutwife, fuck him baby!" Alejandro was fucking her like an animal, then shot a load so strong, it hit the wall behind the bed, his cum sliding down the wall, while the last of it dripped on Shoshana's belly.

While Alejandro rested, Shoshana started sucking Joe. He had a little trouble getting hard at first, but soon gave in to her magical mouth and became long and hard again. Alejandro, the stud, was stroking his cock while watching and it didn't take long before he was rock hard again. Shoshana told the guys her pussy was well fucked and her lips (pussy and mouth) were all swollen, but her clit still needed some attention. They both took turns sucking and licking her bulging clit. She pushed their heads into her pussy while gyrating her hips and soon came again, cum oozing out of her sweetly used, swollen pussy.

She then asked the guys if they'd jack off on her while she got herself off one last time. The guys knelt down on either side of Shoshana, stroking their cocks and playing with her tits. Although she'd gotten off several times, she new she had one more in her. She began stroking her big clit and showing it off to them, which made them stroke themselves harder. They both grabbed some juices from her dripping pussy for lubrication and kept on stroking. Lucky, still watching from the phone, is stroking his cock too and is grinning from ear to ear...one very happy husband! Shoshana is really rubbing her pussy now, pulling and stroking her clit, so close to cumming. The guys are frantically stroking themselves. Shoshana starts shaking ready to cum and like an orchestrated group orgasm, they all started to cum. First Joe shot his load on her tits. Then Alejandro dropped a big load on her face and tits. Shoshana is crazy and on the edge of exploding when she looks over at Lucky on the phone...As he shoots his load, she starts convulsing in her most explosive orgasm of the night, all the while smiling at her husband, as he smiles back at her.