 11:45 pm, the Sheraton, Tacoma, Washington.

Rosette Cole was descending in the elevator from her 26th floor hotel room, contemplating her next move. As something that always on her mind, she wanted sex in that place and knew that there would be no problem getting it. But she wasn't in the mood for the ordinary that night; she needed something different. It's not as though she really had ordinary sex at all though; traveling from city to city around the world on the Black Card daddy gave her having one night stands was never ordinary and no two stories alike. If that were the case, Rose would have stopped what she was doing years ago, but at 31, it still hadn't bored her in the least bit and that night would prove no different.

Finding something out of the norm would prove a bit of a challenge, especially finding someone she felt safe doing extraordinary things with. But to Rose, 11:45 was early and she was determined to search all night for what she needed. As she hit the bottom floor, she traversed in and out of the 19 meeting rooms of the hotel in hopes of finding an exciting opportunity. Something or someone was always willing to aid her without a problem; standing at 5 foot 6, 38C-26-40, the Mexican-Indonesian beauty was hard to pass up, especially that night. Normally she wore a thick pair of non-prescription bookworm glasses and put her hair in a bun in order to appear 'innocent' before her wild side appeared in the bedroom. This wasn't one of those nights. 

She wore a red, half-corset with black lace running across the front that displayed all of her toned abs and most of her breasts as well, covering only the bottom portion and a centimeter above her nipples; a low rise silk black skirt that didn't completely cover her ass but hugged the parts it did cover and a pair of red, 6 inch stiletto heels from Ellie Shoes that strapped up to the bottoms of her knees. Her butt-length, dark, curly hair was flowing completely free of any restraints and a hint of Lucky Number 6 wafted through the air as the cherry on the sundae. Without words, the outfit read 'fuck me, no questions asked' and that's the way she needed it. This way she didn't have to worry about any prudish types approaching her with something that wasn't worth her time.

The moment she entered the first room, she received glares and stares from women and men alike. Some of the men were married and flashed smiled in her direction, only to receive a serious public talking to by their wives. Others were just out of their league; old, bald middle aged men and others who appeared too frail to help her with what she needed to have done. She did notice a young, light-skinned black woman with red tinted hair sitting in a chair alone and decided to wink at her. The girl darted her eyes back and forth to make sure she was winking at the right person but her thoughts were confirmed when she caught Rose staring at her as she still walked past. As Rose exited the room, she looked back and noticed that the girl was gone. Damn, she thought to herself, I could have showed her a good time.

At 12:30, Rose had already made her way through most of the meeting rooms and was almost getting discouraged. She decided to take a walk outside in the cool night air to clear her thoughts and left through the front entrance. Perched on a nearby bench, she took a look across the street at her rented Infiniti and thought to take a trip further downtown to see if she could find somebody in the city streets on that Saturday night. It was a gamble but also a good idea for her at that point. As she stood up and took the first step towards her vehicle a soft spoken voice called for her from behind.

"Excuse me," the voice said. Rose turned around and saw that it was the red headed black woman from inside the first room who looked even better close up. "Can I talk to you for a moment?"

Rose smiled back at her, "sure," she replied. She made a gesture for the two of them to sit down on the bench and they did. Rose could tell that the girl was a little nervous but very determined to say what she needed.

"I know this is going to be really forward and I really hope you're not offended..."

"Oh, don't worry," Rose said, "I'm really hard to offend. I mean look how I'm dressed; I should expect a few comments to get thrown my way."

This eased the girls' mind a little bit and she seemed less nervous now. She looked back towards the entrance and saw a tall black man leaning on the wall next to the door. She then looked back at Rose and started up again. "You see him? That's my boyfriend, Tariq. I'm Carrie by the way."

"Well, you can call me Rose."

"That's a pretty name."

"Thanks. I like yours too."

"Really? It's so common."

"That doesn't mean it's not pretty."

"I guess you're right. I never thought of that before."

Rose could tell that she had put Carrie at ease quickly. She even broke her own rule of discussing her real name in the beginning in order to let herself go a little more than normal. Something told her it was going to be worth it.

"Well," Carrie started up again softly, "this is probably going to sound really bad but... Tariq and I are visiting out her from out of town and... to be a little spontaneous we were going to go out and...well..."

"Go on, I'm listening," Rose responded with a bright smile on her face.

"We were going to a club to find a girl to have a threesome with for the first time... and I know this is really forward but when I saw you back there I knew I wanted it to be with you and I told Tariq and he agreed that you are very...very attractive."

Roses' smile went from a large, closed mouth grin to her showing all of her teeth and smiling ear to ear. "And..."

"And... I was wondering if you would like to join us?"

Jackpot. Just as she needed it too, opportunity knocked at her door. She leaned her head back behind Carrie and called out, "Hey, Tariq. Come here." He did as told and walked slowly over to the pair. As Tariq stood next to Carrie, Rose caught a good look at him. He was a dark complexioned man about 6 foot 1; she could tell he shaved his head and had some muscle built up. He wore a black muscle T-shirt and loose, but not baggy, denim jeans with a pair of all black Timberland boots. This was close to her type when I came to men and so she had no qualms about the question based on his looks and she had already confirmed to Carrie that she caught her eye. Standing up, she couldn't have been taller than 5 foot 2 and her lighter than caramel skin tone created a beautiful transition from her face, to the dark roots of her curly hair through the strands she had dyed permanently ruby red. Rose thought she was a model at first sight and wanted to be the lucky one to make her pose in faces that should be in pictures. Pictures in Penthouse, but pictures nonetheless.

"Tariq," Rose asked in a schoolgirl like voice, "would you like to have me fuck the two of you?"

Without a pause he responded in a deep, bass filled voice, "Only if you give us the pleasure of pleasing you as well."

Rose looked back at Carrie. "Okay, I'm yours."

Carrie immediately stood up. "Really?" she asked.

"Yes...really," Rose responded. She also caught a bright smile come across Tariq's face. She knew she had made their night. "But, in order to make this a memorable first time, you two are going to take care of a few things."

Tariq and Carrie seemed puzzled at first but decided to listen to what Rose had in mind. Rose reached into the left cup of her corset and pulled out her room key.

"Tariq, you're going to wait in my room and wait for us to get back."

Confused, Carrie asked, "so where are we going?"

"We're going to Hustler Hollywood. Its 10 minutes down the street so it shouldn't take long. I'm going to make this as enjoyable as possible for all of us."

Tariq and Carrie were now a little surprised but willing to go along with it. After all, they had just asked a total stranger to have sex with them, it would only be right that she would have a few demands of her own. Tariq took the room key as Carrie turned to him to kiss him goodbye. To make sure everything was legit, Rose walked up and gave Tariq a deep, but quick, tongue kiss and told him goodbye as well. Turning her head she saw Carrie had a blank expression on her face so she decided to fix this by giving her a deep kiss as well, but not as quick as she had given Tariq; this one was more passionate and Carrie didn't know how to react at first but after a moment her tension settled and she began kissing Rose as she would Tariq. He was all too happy to see this.

"Damn, it's like that?" he said to no one in particular. "I can't wait 'til you two get back."

Rose finally eased off of Carrie whose eyes were still closed. She looked at him and said, "Then you better get going. We'll be back before you can miss us." Carrie finally opened her eyes and nodded her head in agreement, not knowing what to say. Tariq nodded back and made his way back into the hotel and up to Roses' room. 

At that moment, Rose took Carries' hand and led her over to the rented, 2-door, liquid platinum Infiniti G35 Coupe. Inside, the sounds of D'Angelo's 'Lady' began to play in the speakers of the car as Rose started the engine and Carrie finally caught a good whiff of the Lucky Number 6 perfume Rose wore and the smell made her hot. Rose looked over to Carrie, with her legs crossed in the passenger seat, and truly realized how amazing she looked. She wore a simple outfit; a black, slip-on dress that came halfway down her thighs and a sensible pair of black, open toed stilettos with her hair hanging free in an almost curly afro, reminiscent of Kelis in her early years. Her face was devoid of any blemishes or flaws and her lips perched out slightly giving them a full and beautiful look. Rose bit her own bottom lip thinking about tasting what was beneath Carrie's legs.

"So," Rose started, "whose idea was this?"

"Well, we had really talked about this before on several occasions before tonight and couldn't find the right opportunity. We came here to Tacoma from Indiana for a vacation and to visit Tariq's brother and in all honesty, I decided that if we were going to do this, that the night before we left here would be the perfect time."

"Hmm, I get that," Rose said matter-of-factly. "Go to a place to do something that wouldn't be as easy to catch up with you later. This way you don't have to run into the person involved at a later time for either your boyfriend to see without you around or, in case it was a bad experience, you just wouldn't have to see that person at all. No full names, no numbers, no addresses. Just simple sex."

"Wow," Carrie replied, shocked. "That's exactly it. How would you know something like that?"

"Oh, let's just say I've used a similar mechanism in my life." Rose then took her right hand off of the steering wheel and started to caress Carries' leg. "After tonight though, I'm going to make you wish you ran into me when you got here."

Carrie briefly looked Rose in the eye and gave her a wide smile. Since she had first spoken to her only minutes ago she had done nothing but make her more and more comfortable with the decision she had made to talk to her. As beautiful as Rose was, she didn't feel threatened by her and felt that she was going to take care of her in a special way that strangers sometimes do. She caressed Roses hand as well with her own while sitting back and enjoying the smooth R&B coming from the speakers.

Only moments later, they pulled up to the parking lot of Hustler Hollywood and Rose parked the car in backwards in a front parking spot.

"I have a question for you," Rose said before turning off the engine. "How much stuff do you have at home or with you that's focused towards being sexy or just sex in general? I mean clothes, lingerie, toys, movies, things like that." 

"To be honest not much. I have a teddy that he got me last year and... I can't believe I'm telling you this but, I have a small vibrator I got myself a long time ago. We've talked about getting some other things but sometimes I get a little embarrassed walking into those kinds to stores. And you can only afford so much, I mean, we drove to get here."

"Carrie...tonight is your lucky night." Rose hopped out of the car excitedly and opened the trunk of her rental to see how much space was available. "Just enough," she said to herself.

"For what," Carrie asked.

Rose grabbed her hand and took her inside the brightly lit store. Carrie was amazed by what she saw. In the front were games, condoms, a coffee shop and lots of clothes and costumes for men and women. In the back were DVD's, books and toys that were a little bit more on the naughty side. "It's time to go shopping," Rose told her. "Everything you want in here and everything I think you'll need is going back to the hotel with us."

It almost didn't fit in the trunk. Countless DVD's of porn, dozens of pairs of panties, corsets, heels, stockings, robes, oils, vibrators, etc. amounting to a little over $3000 was packed into the trunk of the Coupe. Carrie couldn't believe that a stranger just spent a small fortune on her sex life. Rose loved seeing the look of surprise and happiness on her face at the gesture. If anything, Rose was always gentle when need be and tonight was no exception.

"I don't know what to say," Carrie said while seated in the car again. "You must have a lot of fucking money to burn. How can I thank you enough?"

Rose smiled at Carrie and reached over to kiss her once again. This time Carrie was prepared and reciprocated by thrusting her tongue into Rose's mouth furiously, making herself wet in the process. As they pulled away, Rose told her, "You can thank me by enjoying yourself tonight."

"I think I can do that. No doubt, I will do that."

Rose started up the car again and the pair made a short journey back to the hotel. Once they reached the parking lot, Rose pulled out cell phone from a compartment inside the car and dialed a number up. A voice said 'hello' on the other end and Carrie realized that it was Tariq in Rose's room.

"Hey," Rose said like a best friend, "Carrie and I just got back and we're about to head up to the room but we have to drop a few things off in your room and take a shower first. If you would, hop in the shower too and be waiting for us with the lights off with just a towel on.

"I can do that," Tariq responded. They said their goodbyes and hung up the phones. Rose had room service help her and Carrie take the bags up Carries' room on the 14th floor. The bellboy, who looked all of 16, was amazed at all of the sexy attire and toys he managed to get a peek at in the white, square bags. Once everything was in the room, Rose asked the boy his name and he told her it was Rodney. She said she would have something special for him when she left the next day. She left him a $100 tip on her tab. 

"So, you told Tariq we were going to get in the shower, right?"

"Yep, together."

"Mmm, you know, I've never taken a shower with another woman before?"

"Don't worry; it's not that difficult or anything. It just might be a little hard to get out."

The girls stripped down inside the small bathroom and each got a good look at each other naked for the first time that night. Rose was amazed once again, noticing her B cup breasts and nice round ass poking out from behind. Carrie had the kind of body that Rose loved to see on women and she took her first opportunity to apprehend her. Carrie got into the shower first and turned on the water to a high degree. Feeling the steam from behind her, Rose's blood rose to a fever heat and she grabbed Carrie's now soaking wet body from behind and started to rub her breasts hard, which turned Carrie on in a way she couldn't describe. She reached for her soap and pouf and started to lather herself up as Rose licked and suckled on her neck and back, making a trail down to the small of her back. Carrie let out a low 'ooohh' at first but tried to continue with actually washing herself off. Before she even realized what part of her body she was washing, she felt Rose's hands reach down between her legs and start to massage her clit. As hot as it was inside the bathroom, a chill ran up Carrie's spine and she immediately turned around and began to wash Rose's breasts and abs off with her pouf. 

Rose had never let go of Carrie as she began to wash her and pulled her closer to herself so as their breasts were now touching and Rose pinned her to the side of the shower wall. Carrie closed her eyes as Rose began to suck on her neck and let out a much louder moan once she felt Rose's fingers slide into her, making her pussy not only wet on the outside, but now soaking on the inside. The feeling intensified once she felt the familiar touch of Rose's lips on her own and they began a brief kiss; brief only because of the moan of ecstasy coming from Carrie's lips as she felt Rose hit her g-spot with ease.

"OH, ROSE!" Carrie screamed out.

Rose continued to suck on her neck and thrusting 3 of her fingers in and out of Carrie, noticing that her legs began shaking uncontrollably in the beginning of an expected orgasm. Carrie, however, had never cum like this before and yelled out, "OH SHIT!" before freezing up in mid motion in her climax. She sat there for a few seconds before her legs started to shake again, much slower this time, before slowly falling onto the floor of the shower, her ass making a splash as she hit the bottom. 

"You liked that, didn't you?" Rose asked.

"I loved it," Carrie replied, out of breath.

Rose smiled at her and told her to hurry up so they could finish a quick shower and get dressed as Tariq was still waiting for them. 

A few minutes later, the pair were sitting on the bed spreading lotion all over each other and picking out some attire from the piles of bags sprawled across the floor. Once dressed, each placed on a short trench coat they found in the costume section and made their way towards the door. Rose had Carrie wait outside though, in order to grab a few extra things to make the night extra special. She walked out with one of the bigger bags from the Hustler store and made their way to the elevator. Once upstairs, they walk to the front door of the room and Rose stops them before going in. She makes another call to inside the room and Tariq picked up.

"Where are you in the room?" Rose asked.

"I'm sitting on the bed," Tariq replied.

"I need you to take a chair from the dinner table and move it towards the middle of your room with your back to the door. And the lights better be off."

"Alright," he stated before hanging up.

Rose looked at Carrie before going in and asked, "Are you ready?"

"More than I've ever been," Carrie said.

"Good; Show me what you've got."

Rose opened the door to the dark room but could make her way around with the glare of the lights outside. Carrie walked in after her and closed the door. Rose walked into the kitchen and sat the bag down on the outside island for later, not showing herself to Tariq just yet. 

"Am I supposed to get up?" he asked.

Suddenly, music began to play from speakers surrounding the room. The bass line of Madonna's 'Justify My Love' came thumping into the air at a low level and suddenly, he felt Carrie's hands from behind, moving from his shoulders, down to his wrists and then-

Click!

Before he could feel them, the handcuffs were on his wrists. He snatched his head back to catch a glimpse of Carrie to make sure he wasn't in danger but his head was pulled back in the other direction by Rose's hand and the comfort of her stockings on his thighs as she perched on top of him. "Oh no, baby," Rose whispered in his ear. "You aren't going to be doing any moving until the show is over." Tariq calmed down before her sentence had finished. He was rewarded by feeling Rose's soft hands fall down and caress the muscles on his chest. Carrie finally walked up from behind him and he saw the dark trench coats the both of them wore, noticing there had to be something under them as they both sported thigh high stockings and heels as well.
