 NOTE from Shay: This is the first post I have made in a while. I would like to acknowledge all of the friends that I have that encouraged me to keep writing. I needed inspiration and they gave it to me. Each one of you know who you are. NOW...the story line here is quiet different for me. This is fantasy and just imaginary names and does NOT reflect the choices of the author...you think? ...Hope you enjoy and please send feedback and vote. BTW...SHE'S BACK!

Shay sat in the bright, well furnished conference room trying to absorb what had just happened.

She was thinking just 3 hours ago she was walking into the lobby of the Callison & Schmidt high rise of offices / suites, boarding the mirrored elevator and telling the attendant she wanted the 15th floor, feeling like this would be a very productive meeting. The three other people that she had met years ago was eager to rid themselves of a property that their parents had purchased together. All of the parents were either deceased, remarried or physically unable to keep up with the shared cottage in Lake Tahoe, California.

It was a nice place. A four bedroom cottage nestled in the beautiful tall Alpine trees. Just minutes away from ski resorts, shopping, casinos and a night life that was mesmerizing. And to look out over the beautiful Lake Tahoe was an added bonus.

Shay had spoke with the other "by inheritance share holders" numerous times after they had all became adults. Conference calls with them at times discussing repairs or letting the others know when they chose to make use of the cottage. For the past year they seem to all want the same thing. To sale the cottage.

The four of them made arrangements to meet at the attorneys office and have all the transactions and legalities handled in one swift move. 

The mediator had taken a call in another part of the office and left the four of them to collect their thoughts. The conversation was getting a little heated. Maybe he was right to call the preverbal "time out."

Shay watched Amy as she looked out over the view of Reno. No longer was Amy the little freckle faced girl with brown pigtails in her hair. She was now a nice looking woman. Her blonde streaked hair touched her shoulders, her dark brown eyes were still like deep pools of wonder, just as they were when she was nine years old.     

Shay was in envy of the turquoise blouse she was wearing that complimented her olive complexion. Her small breast added just the right fullness to the blouse. Amy wore a very well tailored pair of black pants with the turqoiuse blouse tucked into the waist band accented with a silver and turquoise belt.

Shay thought she looked very nice and it was obvious that Kyle was impressed as well.

Shay had to look away as she began to remember when she walked up on Amy and Kyle at the boat house one summer. Amy was 13 and Kyle had hit 15 with a vengeance. He introduced Amy to the art of blow jobs and was so pleased to instruct her. Shay remembered the look on their faces when later that night sitting around a campfire she let them both know what she had heard them doing. Of course Kyle tried making her think while "spying" on them, she misunderstood what she heard. But Shay in her sassy way let him know real quick...the sounds of his whimpering could have been misunderstood...but...she winked that wink of hers and let him know, her eyes did not misunderstand. She also let him know that she could sense the woody he just popped from knowing she watched him get a blow job. Kyle knew better than to try and deny it. He was no match for her.

And there Kyle was...in his pressed Wranglers, light blue long sleeve dress shirt, a $500.00 pair of elephant skin boots, a black Stetson hat and a navy blue sports jacket. He was still just as stuck on himself as he was when she first met him when he was "the older guy." His salt and pepper hair looked very distinguished on him. She still after all these years remembered the way she felt when the four families had met at the cottage and had planned a day of skiing at "Diamond Peak."

This was a nice place with a family type atmosphere so parents were comfortable with allowing the kids to take off on their own in groups to ski. Kyle decided he needed to rest his leg due to a fall he had earlier. He just happened to pick a secluded area in the tall Alpine trees. He was 16 and Shay was 13. No sooner had his ski's been unlatched when he decided to pin Shay against a tree and try out her kissing abilities. Shay was ok with it until he began to unzip her ski jacket to play with her ample breast. Her hand still felt the sting all these years later. She slapped him and told him if he tried it again his ass would be yodeling down the mountain as she held on to his balls. Both of them knew she really wanted him to touch her. It would just have to be her idea.

She watched while Kyle was on his cell phone talking very low to someone.

And Jacob.

Shay sat at the oversized cherry wood conference table with her legs crossed watching Jacob stretch his arms, clasping his big hands behind his neck and pulling from side to side. Jacob was always so easy to get along with Shay remembered. He looked really good in his black Pierre Cardin 3 piece suit. The black shirt with the gray pin stripe just added to the look. He still had the perfect body for a man as far as she was concerned. Nice broad chest, nice butt.

Shay uncrossed her legs and tugged at the hem of her skirt and crossed her legs again as she remembered lacing her fingers though his blonde hair and holding his mouth to her breast when she was 16. Jacob latched on to her tit and sucked like a starving pup. That was the first orgasm Shay had ever had just by having her tits sucked.

Shay had seen him with many nice looking females, but she was not too surprised when she seen him and his male lover 6 years ago at a concert. They always had a little joke between them about her "fucking the gay out of him." Jacob always told her he knew they would enjoy trying that. He would always add... " might take you a lifetime ShayShay..." and she would always reply "I dayum sure hope so...."

The heavy cherry wood door opened and Mr. Watkins, the mediator, strutted back in and asked as he looked at the wall..." have you come to an agreement in this matter?"

Shay looked over at Kyle as he slipped his cell phone in his inside pocket of his jacket. Both of them looked at Amy and Jacob just stood there shaking his head at them.

" I guess that is a no," Kyle stated as he looked back at Shay sliding a chair back to the cherry wood table.

Shay turned her chair back to the table and placing her elbows on it, her hands clasped together she said, " All of you amaze me. For over a year we have spoke and agreed that it was time for the cottage to be sold. Your families are not using it as our parents did. We are all caught up in today's lifestyles. The quick getaways without the upkeep. Now...all of us come here to relieve three of you from the obligations being a shareholder entails, I am offering more than market value to be divided equally between you and you want to stall?"

Kyle closed his briefcase that was opened on the table and directed his comments to Shay, " What if one of us wants the property? What if one of us wants the property as an investment as you do?"

Kyle then turned to Amy and Jacob and asked, " Would either of you like to have an offer from me as to what I would pay for your shares of the cottage."

Jacob shot a quick glance over to Shay and he could tell by that spark in her eye, the hustle was about to begin.

Mr. Watkins glanced at his watch as Shay asked if the meeting could be finished up the next day, there seem to be some thing's that needed to be addressed between them. Mr. Watkins checked the calendar on his desk and assured them that he was free before noon the next morning but that was all he had. After that it might need to be decided through the courts or the property remain in the shareholders status for a while longer. Stating that he was already late for his next appointment he excused himself and offered his office to them for continued discussions if needed.

Amy sighed and asked where the nearest Hotel was. " With a bar!", she added , " I need a drink after all this."

The tension could be felt in the room but Shay knew that she needed to get something settled before morning so she made an offer to the group.

Taking her cell phone from her purse she asked," Why don't I call and have some pizza delivered to the cottage and all of us just go there and think. Kick back and try to come to a happy medium here. You guys in?"

They all agreed to go to the cottage for the night and within an hour the four of them were pulling in the drive at the cottage in their rental cars.

They had not planned on an overnight stay so no one had a change of clothes. They kicked off their shoes and removed just what they had to remove to feel comfortable as they sat out on the back deck having pizza and beer. They laughed and shared stories of things they remembered about their stays at the cottage. All felt very comfortable for the first time in hours. The light conversation and the beer was setting them in a very relaxed mood. They moved inside to the huge den and continued their conversation. That is just what Shay wanted, she knew she had her work cut out for her with Kyle. And Kyle could tell Shay was just waiting for the right time to move in for the kill. So, he took the lead.

As Kyle opened another beer and handed it to Shay he sat down on the hassock in front of the chair she was sitting in.

Amy and Jacob could not help but smile at each other. It was just like before when the two of them we at the cottage at the same time. Very competitive and they were both whispering to each other earlier as to whom they thought would be the victor. They knew that the two of them would be the "pawns" in what ever little scheme that Shay and Kyle might have in the making.

Kyle took off his Stetson and tossed it in Shay's lap and said, " I have a plan ShayShay."

Shay placed her beer to her lips and took a drink. Never taking her eyes from his, she picked up his Stetson and tossed it onto another chair close by and asked, " A plan?"

Kyle continued, " We both know where the key players are here," he looked over his shoulder at Amy and Jacob sitting on the sofa.

They both gave Shay and Kyle winks and smiles. Then Kyle looked back at Shay placing his finger on her calf and then moved his finger touching her lightly behind the knee.

Shay tilted her head and smiled at Kyle, " What's your plan?"

"Well..." he started, " if my memory serves me well, all of us have shared some pretty cool times in our younger days here at the cottage. I think you and I need to make a deal here. Let's you and I do whatever we can to win the shares of the other two. Whoever succeeds in doing so. They get to buy all three of the others out, no more stalling. We will call Mr.Watkins first thing in the morning and tell him to draw it up."

Shay looked at Kyle with no expression on her face. She then looked over at Amy and Jacob and asked, " You two in?"

A big "HELL YES" filled the room as Amy begin to unbutton the first few buttons on her turquoise blouse.

Kyle then told them all, "I will have to ask Shay to do something that will be considered my olive branch to Jacob and Amy. She will have to do as I ask." As he told them this he never took his eyes off Shay. "If one of us refuses to follow through, it's an instant forfeit of their shares to the one that asked them to do something. Shay never flinched. "Then it will be your turn Shay, I must do as you ask."

Shay offered her hand to Kyle and told him, " A handshake makes the deal."

Kyle took her hand and gave her a playful squeeze and a gentle shake.

Soft sensual music was loaded into the CD player. Beer was passed around to all and Kyle made his request.

" ...Shay...I remember years ago sharing a flick with Jacob. It was two women together. Us being the horny men that we are, well...we enjoyed it. I know that you were never interested in a woman/woman thing back then and maybe you still don't care for it." He turned and looked at Jacob and continued, " I also remember how you told me you sucked on Shay's tits untill she came. My olive branch to you Jacob is..." he turned back to Shay and replied." Amy, I want you to go down on Shay for us. Make her feel what it's like to be pleased by a woman. Don't stop until she cums."

Jacob felt his cock jerk a little, he also knew Shay was not into being with a woman. Or...she had not been as far as he knew.

It was quiet obvious that Shay was a little overwhelmed. She thought Kyle would want his cock sucked or some pussy.

She looked over at Amy and slowly stood. She took Amy by the hand and the two of them tossed a few pillows in the floor.

As Shay reached to Amy's turquoise blouse and started pulling it from her pants. Amy was unbuttoning Shay's burgundy blouse.

Shay spoke in a whisper but the men heard her as she started explaining to Amy, " I have never been with a woman, you will be my first. I know that you have experienced that pleasure, so I feel that I am in very capable hands to see to it that what Kyle wants to see at Jacob's expense is going to work out for both of us."

A smile came across Amy's face that caused both men to slip their hands over there cocks through their clothes. Amy then whispered, " We are the only two here..."

Shay slipped her hands down to the button and zipper on Amy's slacks and opened them up. Amy was sliding the blouse over Shay's shoulders exposing her tanned skin. Her lacy white bra full of her breast was so inviting. Amy slid her index finger under the right strap as she slipped her other hand up to unhook the front of Shay's bra. As her bra opened up her nipples were so hard. Amy could not resist looking at them. She began to push a steady stream of her warm breath from her pouty lips. Shay could feel it on her nipples. Her body tingled.

Amy stepped out of her slacks and was unbuttoning the buttons on the cuffs of her blouse as Shay slid her skirt down to the floor. Both of them standing there with white lacy thongs on.

Amy then whispered, " breath ShayShay..." 

As Shay inhaled she took Amy's hand and pulled her to the pillows.

Jacob sat in an oversized chair with his right leg over the arm of the chair stroking his cock. He seen that Kyle was looking at him and gave him a wink and turned his attention back to the two ladies on the pile of pillows in the floor.

Kyle was trying to keep an easy stroke going on his cock and he was thinking maybe he did ask for too much, he needed to be able to keep his cool. The scene in front of him was so hot. He wanted to last.

The two ladies laid on their sides facing each other.

Amy reached for one of Shay's tanned tits and gently began stroking the nipple against hers. Shay watched and felt the excitement deep between her legs. Shay reached for Amy's breast and tugged at the nipple gently, rolling it between her fingers. She heard a light moan from Amy. That reassured Shay that she was doing something right. At that point, something happened.

Shay begin to roll over on her back pulling Amy with her. Shay's legs spread and allowed Amy to slide between them.

Amy reached for Shay's hands and took them in hers, taking her arms over her head and holding them there. This causing Shay's breast to be open for Amy to devour, and that she did. Shay's eyes closed as Amy begin to rub her breast against hers. Shays' legs spread more out of impulse. Amy placed her lips to Shay's and slowly kissed her mouth in little quick kisses over and over as she continued to pin her arms and rub their breast together. Shay's lips parted as she felt the tip of Amy's tongue touching them. Their wet mouths met and Shay could tell that the thong she was wearing was wet as well. Their tongues played together and then Shay began to suck gently on Amy's tongue causing another moan to escape her. Amy then began to lick Shay's collar bone then between her breast. Amy managed to take a few seconds underneath her breast kissing there. She then drug the tip of her tongue down the middle of Shay's tummy releasing her hands as she slid slowly down her body. When she reached the belly bo that had that little gold 'S' charm in it, she rested there. She licked and dipped her tongue in the sweetness of that belly bo for so long Shay's breathing had become racy. All Shay could think about was getting Amy to her pussy. Shay felt Amy slip her fingers inside the elastic of her thong, slowly peeling it down as Shay lifted her butt a little. Amy raised up as Shay lifted her legs straight up and allowed Amy to remove the thong. Amy stayed in an upright position between Shay's legs long enough to place the thong to her mouth and nose. She inhaled and without taking her eyes off of Shay's glazed eyes, she tossed the thong to Kyle. Amy continued to hold Shay's legs up in the air, kissing behind her knees, Shay could actually feel the wetness coming from her pussy. With such ease Amy got on her tummy and had her face between Shay's legs. She again formed a pout with her lips and blew a steady stream of warm air on her wet pussy. This time it was Shay that moaned softly as she took her nipples between her fingers. Amy stiffened her tongue into a point and touched Shay at the base of her pussy. Shay gasped. Amy then pushed her tongue into the wet slit and began slowly spreading Shay's legs as she drug her stiff tongue upward, stopping only when she reached the clit. The suction that Amy was applying to Shay's clit was sending wave after wave of pleasure through her. Shay knew that she was not going to be able to hold back on cumming. As she felts the expertise of Amy lapping at her and sucking on her she looked towards the men. 

Kyle was slumped over trying to squeeze the load back to keep it from spraying all over himself. Jacob had a smile that was a compliment to the ladies as he stroked his hard cock in perfect timing to Shay's thrust into Amy's face.

Shay then reached down between her legs and took Amy's hair into her hands and held her close to her pussy as she felt a rush of pleasure go through her tiny body. The sounds of Amy sucking and kissing Shay's pussy were covered by Shay's shouts of "Oh God...yes...yes...ugh ugh" as she fucked the sweet mouth of Amy... As her legs wrapped around Amy's head, Amy managed to get her mouth in that little spot where the leg attach to the body. There she kissed and licked Shay until Shay regained her breathing and her composure.

Kyle looked over at Jacob and nodded to him knowing that he was enjoying the show. Kyle was about to make a comment about having taken the lead on the shares when he seen movement from the corner of his eye.

Shay had set up and adjusted on the pillows and was tapping Amy on the shoulder. As Amy looked up at Shay, Shay curled her finger to her, motioning for her to come to her. As Amy begin to slide up Shay's body, Shay turned to Kyle and told him..." I am not going to ask you to take part in anything just now Kyle, I seem to have things in hand..." Shay then looked at Jacob, gave him a wink and told him, " watch me give Amy a little pull to my side."

With that, Shay took Amy in her arms and rolled over so that she could straddle her. Shay scoot back a little so she could lay forward as she cupped Amy's breast. Taking the right one in her mouth, she begin to slide her tongue back and forth over the nipple. Taking the nipple between her teeth, Amy immediately took hold of Shay's breast and began rubbing them. Amy arched her back as Shay sucked and manipulated her breast.

Shay lifted her butt up off of Amy and asked her to slide her thong off. Shay was running her fingers through her hair and securing it with a clip on top of her head. The men watched as her rounded breast stood so firmly on her chest.
