 Kelly and I had been fantasising about fucking Cherie since she'd moved in with us. I'd told Kelly in great detail how Cherie had walked down the hall barely wrapped in her towel and stopped to lecture me about something. I hadn't been too sure what she was saying as I had been watching how her towel draped over her milky white breasts and I caught a glimpse of dark erect nipple underneath. I described Cherie's well rounded arse to Kelly which I had admired avidly as Cherie pattered off to the bathroom for her shower.

In turn, Kelly had told me of the pair of Cherie's flouro orange panties that she'd found among her laundry and actually tried on. While the panties were a little tight, they still fit and Kelly had slid a finger inside her juicy cunt and masturbated to orgasm while wearing them, staining them with her juices so that they required laundering again.

Alone in the house, Kelly and I were showering together, running deliciously warm water and soapy hands over our bodies. I was behind Kelly, kissing her neck, squeezing her left tit with one hand and fingering her slippery cunt with my other hand while pressing my cock against the small of her back. I'd tried to fuck her from behind before, but standing up she was too short and I was too tall for it to feasibly work. My knees were at their weakest bend as I'd entered her, and thrusting was almost impossible. We'd been looking at getting heels for Kelly to split the difference so to speak, but in the shower it was out of the question.

"If you were ten centimetres taller I'd drive my cock into your sweet sexy arse," I murmured into Kelly's ear as I dipped a second finger into her cunt.

She groaned. "What? If I were as tall as Cherie?" she grinned back wickedly.

"If you were as tall as Cherie my cock would already be in your sweet sexy arse."

"Oh," gasped Kelly, "so you want to fuck Cherie?" She pushed her body against mine using the shower wall as purchase.

"Hell yeah. I'd slide my fingers up and down the insides of her thighs," I said, mimicking the actions on Kelly as I did so, "then slide my cock ever so slowly into her cunt." I pushed a finger back inside my cute wife.

"I'd run my hands over her arse and slip a soapy finger into her arsehole," Kelly told me, while sliding her right hand around her own arse.

"We could sandwich Cherie between us," I suggested. "I could fuck her cunt while you fingerfuck her arse."

"Then we could turn her round," Kelly groaned as I returned my second finger to her cunt while she worked her single finger into her arse, "and you could fuck her arse while she and I fingerfucked each other."

"I would so love that."

"So would I."

"Me too," came Cherie's voice.

Kelly and I jumped as the door opened and Cherie entered the bathroom.

"We were just..." my voice trailed off and I was lost for words.

"I heard," said Cherie from the other side of the shower curtain.

There was a brief pause and silence. Then Kelly asked, "Are you coming in?"

Another pause. "May I?"

"Hell yes!" I responded. The girls giggled nervously and there was the rustle of clothes. Then the shower curtain was pulled aside to reveal Cherie standing naked before us. While taller than Kelly, Cherie's tits and arse were smaller, but both still curved nicely in to her shapely waist. Her long chestnut hair framed her round face from which her blue grey eyes sparkled and her dark nipples stood out stiffly from her creamy breasts.

She looked at us uncertainly and bit her lower lip. I smiled and extended a hand and Kelly did likewise. Cherie smiled back shyly and took our hands in hers. We drew her into the warm water and watched it splash and trickle off of her alabaster skin and her generous curves. I slid my other hand around Kelly's waist and pulled her closer to me. She pulled Cherie in against her and the three of us were hugging, our arms gliding over each other's shoulders and backs. I followed Kelly's hand down to Cherie's arse and we each squeezed a cheek. Cherie giggled and I felt her small hand caress my arse as she returned the favour. Then she leaned down towards Kelly and gently kissed her on the lips.

Kelly responded with immediate enthusiasm, slipping her tongue between Cherie's lips and crushing Cherie's mouth to hers. Kelly never was one for subtlety.

Cherie was surprised at first, but surrendered without a fight. She returned Kelly's passion and pressed her tits against Kelly's large breasts, eliciting a moan from Kelly. My wife took half a step forward to spread her legs and press her cunt against Cherie's thigh. Then Kelly started humping Cherie's thigh, like a desperate little bitch in heat. She whimpered into Cherie's mouth.

While they made out, I'd been all but forgotten which, as the sole audience member, wasn't an issue at all. I did decide to help out though, so I took the body wash and squirted some between their breasts. Kelly and Cherie obligingly rubbed their smooth bodies against each other and soon the soap lathered and spread between them. The suds dripped and ran down their naked ribs and bellies and as it ran down between Kelly's vulva and Cherie's legs, Kelly grasped Cherie's curvy hips like handlebars and began sliding her cunt up and down the length of Cherie's thigh, leaving then erasing a soapy trail.

Cherie leaned back and I moved in behind her to offer my support. She steadied herself with one hand grasping Kelly's bouncing tit and with a wicked smile she wrapped her other hand around my painfully hard cock. She rested the length of her body against mine and I placed my hands on her hips, covering my wife's delicate fingers, then I started exploring her. I slid one hand up along the length of Cherie's slender waist, around her back, over her shoulder, then under her arm to finally rest on her warm breast. While smaller than Kelly's, Cherie's breast was still an ample handful and I squeezed it gently and circled her nipple. My other hand played in the soap between Cherie's hips gradually working lower and lower down to the soft fur between her legs. I bent and kissed her shoulder and nibbled her neck, then worked my way up to her sensitive ear. As I slowly slid my tongue into her ear I also forced my finger between her pussy lips and she moaned and murmured, "Oh yes!" drawing Kelly's attention.

My wife watched me tonguing her friend's ear and fingering her soapy cunt and grinned at me. She grabbed the flexible shower head and washed off just Cherie's tits, then she leaned forward and took Cherie's free tit in her mouth. Cherie moaned again and leaned her head back giving me access to her pretty, open mouth. I covered her lips with mine and she sighed and slid her tongue into my mouth. Her tongue was small and hard and sharp compared to Kelly's and I stroked it with my own tongue enjoying the new sensations. Meanwhile I shifted my grip on Cherie and while using one hand to circle her hard little clit, I grabbed Kelly's hair and held her head to Cherie's tit with my other hand. Kelly didn't really need the help but whimpered her approval anyway.

By now Kelly's cunt rubbing against Cherie's thigh had increased to a frantic pace, and Cherie was squirming in my arms. I plunged two fingers into her cunt and worked them back and forth while clumsily thumbing her clit. Kelly threw her head back as she shoved her cunt hard against Cherie's thigh one last time. Cherie and I stopped kissing and watched as Kelly screwed up her face and opened her mouth in one long silent scream. Cherie released my cock and reached forward with her now free hand so she could squeeze both Kelly's nipples hard until Kelly collapsed against the shower wall panting.

I went back to stroking just Cherie's clit and fondling her tit while kissing her neck and Cherie spread her legs a little wider now that she wasn't supporting Kelly's weight. Kelly was quick to notice, and as Cherie settled back against me once more to enjoy my ministrations, Kelly reached past my hand and started pumping her own fingers in and out of Cherie's slick cunt. Cherie pinched Kelly's nipples, then slid one hand down her hourglass waist and over her generous hip to finally rest on Kelly's soapy vulva. They gazed into each other's eyes and smiled shyly, though how they could look shy while their fingers were buried in each other's cunts I could never quite figure out. Kelly leaned in hesitantly and Cherie closed her eyes and parted her lips slightly in invitation. She smiled faintly as Kelly's lips brushed hers, slowly, gently and tenderly this time. Cherie flicked out her tongue to lick Kelly's lip and Kelly's tongue followed Cherie's as it retreated back into her mouth.

I increased my thrumming on Cherie's hard little nub and she writhed between Kelly and I, her firm arse grinding against my thigh and her breasts rubbing against Kelly's. Cherie wriggled and turned her head so I could reach her lips and Kelly and I rained down kisses on her mouth and on each other. Cherie grunted and squirmed and Kelly and I pulled our heads back and increased our assault on her cunt. Kelly hammered her fingers into her and I massaged her clit. I gazed into my wife's deep brown, liquid eyes and she smiled up at me while we fingered our lovely friend.

Cherie shuddered and came and we turned to watch her face grimace in pleasure. We continued fingerfucking her and Cherie shuddered and came again and collapsed between us so Kelly and I had to support her to stop her from falling to the shower floor. Kelly kissed her softly on the lips, then I followed suit and she murmered a weak "Thank you".

While we held Cherie between us and she regained some strength, Kelly and I resumed kissing. As our hands explored Cherie's recovering form, gliding over her curves and breasts and her neck and cunt, Kelly and I explored each others faces with our lips and tongues. It wasn't long before we felt Cherie's face gliding between ours, and the three of us kissed passionately, sharing soft mouths, lickable lips and darting tongues.

Cherie returned her hand to Kelly's cunt and resumed fingering her and my wife moaned softly. Then Cherie turned her back to me and pushed Kelly to the wall. My horny wife oohed with anticipation and Cherie obliged her by bending forward and devouring Kelly's huge tits, while still fingering her juicy cunt.

I felt a little left out until I stupidly realised that Cherie had spread her legs for me. Her wet hair flowed like a waterfall down her bare back and her delicious heart shaped arse wriggled as she feasted. Under her puckered arsehole, her pink slit glistened up at me expectantly, peeking out from between her downy lips. With one hand I grabbed Cherie's waiting hip and with my other I gripped a handful of her hair. She moaned into Kelly's cleavage while I bent my knees and positioned my steel like rod at the entrance to her slick hole. As I stood my cock sank deep into Cherie, almost lifting her off the ground and she cried out but continued sucking and fingering my pinned wife.

"Does the extra ten centimetres help?" Kelly panted.

"Oh yeah," I grunted. The position wasn't perfect, but at least it was possible and I certainly wasn't ever going to complain.

Kelly smirked and writhed against Cherie's hand and mouth while I worked my cock in and out of Cherie's responsive cunt. Kelly reached under Cherie and grasped a breast with one hand while using her other to clasp Cherie's head to her own tits. I pulled Cherie's head back by her hair as I thrust into her again and Kelly pulled Cherie's head forward, holding Cherie to her swollen and erect nipple. Cherie winced and smiled and pushed her hips back against me while biting Kelly's tits, gently at first but progressively harder and harder, matching Kelly and I as we abused her body for our mutual pleasure.

As I increased my pounding of the cunt between us, Cherie increased her pistoning of Kelly's cunt. I looked across at Kelly. Her eyes were closed as she savoured Cherie's fingers exploring and pumping her vagina, and she mewled as she felt Cherie's body shudder against her every time my cock thrust against that padded arse. Watching the ecstasy on my wife's face while fucking her friend and flatmate was too much and I started moaning as the tide of orgasm rose within me. Kelly looked at me and our eyes locked above Cherie's naked form bent writhing between us. Kelly's face flushed red and she inhaled deeply as I smashed my cock into Cherie's cunt and she cried around Kelly's nipple as she thrust her fingers deep into Kelly's cunt and none of us held back. I bellowed as I felt my cock explode into Cherie's spasming cunt but I held Kelly's gaze as she shouted and shuddered against Cherie's nimble fingers, and Cherie screamed as I filled her with my cum.

As we fell against the walls of the shower and sank to the ground Kelly and I maintained our gaze. She mouthed at me, "I love you," and I leaned over to kiss her. Cherie snuggled up between us and the water from the shower echoed loudly in the sudden still and silence.