 Evan Brooks meandered through the crowd at Spunky's Tavern, trying not to spill the drinks in his hand. He found his way to a table in the rear, where Celina, his wife, sat talking with his old friend, Todd Kleskie. Todd was staying with Evan and Celina for a few days after a fire broke out in his apartment complex. While Todd's apartment suffered only minor water damage, the building was closed off due to loss of plumbing and electrical service. When Evan heard about it, he insisted Todd stay in the guest room at his home. Celina knew Todd well enough not to mind, especially since he had helped them out with recent renovations. Plunking two beers on the table, Evan handed Celina a glass of white wine. "Nurse that beer, Todd," he urged. "The night is young."

"Looks like Bailey isn't coming," lamented Todd. "I really wanted you to meet her."

"Is she shy around crowds?" asked Evan. 

"She's shy around dirt," jested Todd. 

"Stop that, Kleskie," sassed Celina, giving his shoulder a playful slap. "I've met her. She's cute. I'm sure she's sweet once she comes out of her shell."

"I never said she wasn't," insisted Todd. "But I've tried for a month to pry a pearl outta that shell she's in."

"You try prying her legs open yet?" asked Evan.

"Try texting her again," huffed Celina, Jabbing Evan with her elbow.

"There she is!" blurted Celina. "I knew she'd make it." She stood and weaved through the crowd. A few seconds later, she scampered back with a dainty redhead in tow. Bailey wore a cute flowered dress hemmed just above the knee. She was just as adorable as Todd described her—petite with long, full, apple-red hair. As pretty as she was, Bailey kept her chin down as Celina tugged her to the table. Her deep blue eyes hid behind black, square-framed glasses.

"Look who I found," bragged Celina.

Todd stood and slid a chair out for Bailey. She offered a reticent smile, pushing her glasses up as she sat between Evan and Todd with her purse clutched in her lap.

"Do you remember me?" asked Celina. "We met at Monique's bridal shower."

"Mm-hmm," squeaked Bailey without looking up.

"This is Evan," offered Todd. "Try to keep your hands off him."

"Good luck," quipped Evan.

"Don't mind them," urged Celina, raking her long, full black hair behind her shoulders. "They act like boys when they—"

"Sorry I'm late," interrupted Bailey as if gathering the strength to say it. "I-I took a cab."

"What'll you have to drink, Bailey?" asked Todd.

"M-maybe a wine," she peeped.

"Let's go get her one, babe," chimed Celina, patting Evan's shoulder. "The show starts in a few minutes."

As they stood at the bar, Evan wise-cracked, "What the hell is Todd doing? I've swatted flies with more personality than her. She keeps looking into her lap and pushing her glasses onto her nose."

"Don't make her nervous Evan," warned Celina. "You talk to women like a prosecutor talks to defendants."

"I'm just sayin'...if she'd keep her head up, her glasses wouldn't slide off. That or she needs a head strap."

"Just get her a glass of wine. She'll loosen up."

The headliner that evening was a second-rate comedian who mixed off-color jokes with embarrassing quips at the audience. To Evan's surprise, the ever-sassy Celina melted onto his side, apparently not wanting to be picked on. To his sheer amazement, Bailey turned her chair around and heckled. When the comedian made the mistake of calling her Mini Miss Clairol, she barked, "Bite me. You're not funny."

Evan gulped. "She's bipolar," he whispered in Celina's ear.

"Knock it off," she whispered back. "She's coming out of her shell."

"Put her back in it. I liked shy Bailey better." 

When the show was over and the lights brightened, Bailey turned her chair back around. "Well," she snipped. "That was like watching a frog in a real slow blender."

"S-so," stuttered Evan, still reeling from his newfound view of her. "The uh...night's still young. Would you two like to come back to our place...maybe order a pizza? Watch a movie?"

Evan drove wide-eyed on the way home, periodically darting his gaze to the rearview mirror to see if Todd and Bailey were still kissing. They were, every time he looked. On the passenger side, Celina stared straight ahead, apparently just as dumbfounded. Pulling into the driveway, he searched for words. Luckily or otherwise, Todd spoke up. "I appreciate you letting me stay," he acknowledged. "But I think maybe Bailey and I will get a—"

"Nonsense," interrupted Celina. "You're both friends...and the guest room is ready. It has a queen bed and—"

Evan tapped her shoulder and pointed to the rear seat. "I don't think they hear," he noted as Bailey's red hair washed over the brown stubble on Todd's broad jaw. Thumping the rear door, he proposed, "We'll be inside if you wanna stay. Just let yourselves in."

Fifteen minutes later, Evan sat on the sofa beside Celina, trying to pay attention to the movie on television over the squeals and bellows coming from the guest bedroom.

"Are you sure?" asked Todd's voice.

"Yes!" cried Bailey. "Come in me! Come in me all you want!"

"I thought he already asked that," griped Celina, turning up the volume.

"He did," Evan replied. "But then she started squealing and humming."

"Think she...?"

"Gobbled it down? Sounded like it. Think maybe you'd like to do that tonight?"

"Well," she sassed as Todd and Bailey sang out together. "As long as you don't mind, I could ask him."

"Oh yeah!" wailed Todd's voice. "Damn that's good."

"Again?" complained Celina.

"If you can't beat 'em, join 'em," offered Evan, kneading her stocking-covered thigh.

"What the hell does that mean?"

"I meant we go into our room," he popped back. "You...I guess you thought—"

"Never mind what I thought," she huffed. "The noise is distracting. It's making me horny and nervous at the same time."

"I got something that'll help," he boasted, pulling a thumb drive from a pill bottle in the TV stand. "It's from...before we were married."

"They didn't have thumb drives before we were married," she griped, folding her arms. "And I don't wanna watch porn."

"Aw, lighten up, Celina. We've been in a rut lately."

"I have a better idea," she purred through a tantalizing grin. "Mute the television and come here." Her brown eyes sparkled with a gleam he hadn't seen in years as she opened her laptop and kicked her feet onto the coffee table, still clad in flat shoes. 

"Better than porn?" he asked, sitting beside her. "Like maybe a story from that Sari Shepard guy?"

"Who the hell is Sari Shepard?" she asked, tapping in her password. She clicked on the network icon, then on guest room.

"No way!" he blustered. The webcam on the guest computer?"

"Why not? It's right at the foot of the bed."

"How do you even know how to open that from here?"

"Your nephew uses it whenever he's over. He showed me."

"Doesn't a light come on when it's active?"

"He put a sticker over it."

"You sneaky little genius," he said, kissing her cheek. "Better not leave your laptop in our bedroom."

"I won't anymore," she purred, tapping the enter key. "And there they are."

Todd lay across the bed, offering a right profile view as Bailey bounced over his pelvis like a kid in a blow-up castle. Her glasses were off and her bright red hair waved to the carnal rhythm of their copulation. Grasping her waist, Todd lifted her small frame and set her beside him. She scampered onto all fours as he scrambled behind her. His beefy cock glistened with a mixture of their genealogies as he pressed it into place and began thrusting his hips.

"I never realized how good that webcam was," noted Evan. "I can see her nipples."

"And look at the sac on Todd," tendered Celina. "Brent set this up with an upgraded lens. Check out what else he did." She tapped the volume up key several times.

"As if we needed that," joked Evan, reaching into his pants to adjust his growing appendage.

"You never know," she replied, wiggling her thighs. "They may say something quietly...maybe confess their undying love for each other."

"Uh!" squealed Bailey, bouncing onto her back and spreading wide. She lay with her head on the pillows—her blushing apex facing the camera as a ribbon of pearly seed oozed from her labial gates. As Todd climbed into position, his backside hid most of her from view, but between his beefy thighs, they watched his glazed bulb disappear between the lips of her clench. Her legs protruded on either side of his hips, supported by his palms beneath her ankles.

"We have got to do it tonight," urged Evan in a whisper.

"Hush," she hissed, swatting his roaming hand off her breast.

A ring of white surrounded Todd's girth as he rocked forward. With a quick shim, he plunged forward, pressing his balls to Bailey's alabaster buttocks. His sac dangled a drip of cum as he broke into carnal measure, leaning forward onto his hands. Bailey's legs flailed and kicked, then froze still as she squealed in delight.

Evan and Celina gasped as Todd retreated and Bailey's pelvis sprayed, washing his jewels in gushes of thankful reward. She resumed kicking and thrashing as a puddle stained the sheets below her. "Come in me!" she wailed as he reinvested his shaft.

Celina grasped Evan's thigh as Todd wailed and thrust forward. Bailey's legs jerked, then fell still in surrender as the underside of his hilt began pulsing. Celina let out a whimper as the outline of Todd's balls became visible in his spent sac. "I can't believe we just did that," she groaned.

"Shush! They're talking softly. Turn it up!"

Celina increased the volume just as Todd rolled to the side, leaving Bailey's slit agape and flowing semen over her buttocks. "I'm not sure if they'd go for that," offered Todd. "I've known Evan a long time, but that might be more than he's comfortable with."

A bolt of shock speared Evan's solar plexus as he peered at Celina. She gazed back, wide-eyed. "Go for what?" he asked in a whisper.

"I didn't hear," complained Celina.

"Celina seems adventurous," replied Bailey. "I could ask her."

Todd kissed her forehead. "Maybe later," he grunted as he stretched his arms. "I'm too bushed to even think about it."

"I'm not in a hurry to leave," she sang, touching his cheek. "Maybe I could ask Evan and Celina if I could stay another night. Then we ask them for tomorrow night."

"Sounds like a plan," he quipped, sitting up. "Need a towel?"

Bailey wiggled her thighs, giggled and asked, "What do you think?"

Celina closed out the computer and turned the volume up on the television. "They're going to ask us to have a foursome with them," she said in disbelief.

"What are we gonna say?" asked Evan.

"What the hell do you think?"

"I-I mean how are we gonna answer? You know, let them down easy."

"We'll just...tell them the truth. We don't do things like that."

They both jolted at the click of a doorknob down the hall. Bailey came out barefoot, swimming in one of Evan's old t-shirts. It hung almost to her knees as she crossed the hall and went into the bathroom. "Be right back," whispered Celina, bolting into the hall and opening the closet. She pulled out one of her older robes and knocked on the bathroom door. When the door opened slightly, she handed it in to Bailey tendering, "This should be comfy. Feel free to come out and chat."

As Celina came back to the living room, Todd stepped out, looking like he'd just stepped off a lifeboat. He sauntered into the living room barefoot, in his jeans and undershirt.

"Can I get you anything?" asked Celina.

"Uh, maybe a glass of water," he replied, squinting and rubbing his forehead. As Celina went into the kitchen, he turned to Evan and asked, "Bro...were we...you know...making—"

"Noise? Not hardly. I mean...maybe a little...but we were—"

"We were busy on the computer," interjected Celina, handing him a glass of water. "Let me get you an aspirin."

"So," noted Evan as Celina dug through her purse, "it looks like Bailey came outta her shell."

"Yeah. I mean, I just met her a week ago, but hey, I got something I wanna ask you guys."

"Found one!" blurted Celina nervously. "Here, take this. Wash it down good."

As Todd gulped, the bathroom door opened and Bailey stepped gracefully into the living room. She offered a timid smile and sat next to Todd. Her eyes were again shielded by her stylish but cumbersome glasses. Todd wrapped an arm around her as she cuddled up to his side. Pushing her glasses up, she squeaked, "Thanks for letting me stay over...not getting all pompous and moral."

"We hate morals," joked Evan. "We're totally immoral. And don't get me started on ethics."

"Hide your wallets before you fall asleep," wise-cracked Celina. "And you're welcome."

"We wanna ask you something," claimed Todd. "And just let us know if it's too much."

"I'll get drinks," proposed Celina.

As she tried to stand, Evan grabbed her by the denim skirt, almost tugging it off as he pulled her back onto the sofa. "Drinks can wait," he argued. "Let Todd speak."

"Bailey and I kinda hit it off good tonight," he explained. "Really, I'm surprised you didn't hear—"

"Old house," interjected Celina. "Thick walls. They absorb sound. Evan got stuck in the dumbwaiter once. I didn't hear him for almost an hour."

"That's a relief," he admitted as Bailey melted against his frame.

"So what can we do for you, bud?" asked Evan. "All you have to do is ask."

"Wuh-well, you're being so hospitable and all, I was...Bailey and I wondered—"

Celina's fingernails dug into Evan's forearm as Todd fumbled. "Please!" she blurted out. "Just ask."

"Sorry," offered Todd, "Could Bailey maybe stay over while I'm here? I'll pay her way. Or-or maybe just tonight and tomorrow. After that, we'll—"

"Of course," interrupted Celina. "Like Evan said, all you had to do was ask."

"Yay!" squealed Bailey, bouncing to her feet. Her deep blue eyes glistened with a sudden frolic as she bounded over and hugged Evan. He looked to his right to see Celina's stunned gaze. Bailey kissed his forehead and peeped in her sing-song voice, "Todd and I have a surprise for you tomorrow night. We're going to reward you for being so sweet, so keep your schedule free." With that, she gestured to Todd and sang, "Let's get some rest."

****

Evan lay in bed beside Celina, listening to the thumps and squeals again emanating from the room down the hall. "Why didja' dig your nails into me?" he asked, showing his scratch marks.

"I thought they were about to ask. I got nervous."

"We knew they were gonna ask if she could stay over. We heard them."

"I dunno," confessed Celina. "Bailey looked frisky. She's hard to call."

"I swear there's two of her," he huffed, tossing the covers and sitting at the edge of the bed.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm getting my thumb drive," he griped. "And to answer your next question, Bailey hung her dainties over the webcam."

"Get over here," she purred, patting the sheets. "There's something I've been meaning to do for you."

Evan's pulse quickened as Celina let down her long black hair. He dropped his boxers as his beating manhood swelled with warmth. Celina raised her arms as he lifted her satin nightgown off and tossed it aside, revealing the firm, ample breasts that adorned her fit torso. A bolt of guilt shot through him as he pictured them two sizes smaller and alabaster, with apple-red hair dangling over them. He snapped back to lucidity, marveling at Celina's naturally tan, soft skin, glowing in the dim light. Her brown irises peered into his gaze through almond-shaped eyes as she rolled onto her side and rubbed the sheet.

He lay nose to nose with his wife of six years. Her breath wafted across his lips as she moved closer. As she pressed her mouth to his, the warmth of her hand wrapped the base of his throbbing staff. He moaned softly as her kisses wandered down his neck and over his chest. She moved to her elbows and knees as she kissed around his navel. With a playful giggle, she turned and straddled his broad shoulders in sixty-nine position, perching her entrance to ecstasy inches above his chin.

Staring into her glistening vestibule, he fought the temptation to imagine it was Bailey's fragrance teasing his nose. As Celina rocked her pelvis, he flicked his tongue over her swollen love button to a squeal of delight. Her labial gate seeped with welcoming nectar faster than he'd ever remembered. Her palm cupped his sac, kneading his jewels with playful fingers as he dug his tongue into the estrogen-laden lining of her love passage.

"Oh Tah—" she moaned, quickly amending her apparent gaff. "Tah-morrow we do this again."

Evan hardly noticed. At that moment, his thoughts were fixed on the taste of Bailey's honey pot. Calling out Todd's name was just what Bailey would do. He groaned aloud as the moist warmth of her mouth enveloped his aching knob. His heart pounded in his chest as she bobbed, rubbing the length of his throbbing girth with the clench of her closed lips.

"I need to get inside you," he urged, honestly trying to say it to his beloved.

"Get in me!" squealed Celina.

Evan scrambled behind her and planted his tingling bulb. Grasping her waistline, he fantasized it to be Bailey's without his heart's permission. He rocked forward, burying half his cock into the heat of her pelvic channel. Rearing back slightly, he shimmed his hips and charged forth again, reaming into her velvety depths until his swollen sac pressed against her seeping slit.

Celina buried her face in the pillows and wailed as her pelvis contracted. Her inner architecture squeezed his shaft as a splash of womanly fruit irrigated his nuts. Her sopping clasp relaxed, then re-tightened as another gush washed his loins. As her contractions faded, he broke into lustful measure, slapping his scrotum against her dripping gate as he reamed her sloshing vessel.

He slowed to long, driving thrusts as the tingles of delight grew to pangs of orgasmic voltage. "Come in me!" begged Celina, straightening her back. "Don't worry. I'm on the pill. I-I mean...you know I just refilled my—"

"Sush," he whispered. "I'm as guilty as you are."

He thrust forward, pressed his pelvis against her buttocks and locked his hips just as the rim of his buried crown went blissfully numb. Encapsulated in the welcome of her inner chamber, he took in a deep breath, moaning long and loud as his shaft jolted. A bevy of blissful thumps followed, heaving jets of viscous warmth into the hollow of her heavenly frame. Ever so briefly, his mind flashed an image of Bailey's waist between his palms. He heard a sweet, womanly squeal as he poured his pedigree into the miracle-maker in his grasp.

Returning to reality, he let out a laughing grunt as his bursts faded off. Plopping onto his right side, he pulled Celina's chest to his own.

"I'm glad you found it amusing," she lamented. "You knew what I was thinking."

Evan rolled on his back, wrapping his arm behind her and rubbing between her shoulder blades. "So what?" he asked.

"I'm embarrassed," she tendered, snuggling her cheek against his.

"Babe, desire continues us. It's why we're all here. Our species never would have made it past the knuckle-dragging stage if testosterone didn't seek estrogen. That comes from the deepest part of our brains. It's on the shortlist...breathe, don't touch fire, don't jump from high—"

"You were doing it too."

"I wasn't thinking about Todd."

"Evan!" she snipped with a playful swat. "You know what I meant."

"Like I said, I'm as guilty as you. But when you yelled tah-morrow we do this again, that was as corny as it gets."

Celina laughed aloud, slapping his bare ass cheek. "I'm glad you didn't call me Mini Miss Clairol," she crackled in a giddy tone. "This is awful. First we spied on them, then we fantasized about them. Next thing you know—" She stopped in mid-sentence and dropped her gaze.
