 We'd been dating awhile. Lucy, the love of my life, a true submissive had recently been curious to add to the bedroom. The proposition was interesting. While I was her dom, I couldn't suppress the fact that I was a true switch. It sounds weird, but I always had that nagging urge that perhaps I was bi, not just bi-curious. Not only that, my fantasies of her beautiful body being pleasured by myself and another man intrigued me. The submissive side of my switch ways loved the thought of cuckolding and having a hot wife. The dom in me screamed to care and protect my princess but be there as she lost her threesome virginity to another man and myself.

Neither of us knew how it would pan out. We agreed that we could back out at any time, calling it off. The point of no return was after he was deep inside her and she lost in pleasure. The rules were simple. First, he'd have to be clean. Second, aftercare between the two of us would be essential. Third, he'd be bi. Fourth, he knew what he was getting into and agree to our back-out rule. Fifth, it'd be a surprise for me from Lucy.

In a situation such as this, it'd be best for her to find a dominant bull. While her submissiveness was true to her word, my dominant traits were moderately good at best compared to an alpha male personality. Her curves were stunning, her eyes blue as the sky, and hair silky soft. I didn't think it would take long for her to find a good match. I gave her a couple hints to help me over the edge initially. We'd have a safe "abort" word, that way we could put up a fight if we'd like for the bull if he was into it.

God she was good at leading me on. We'd book a hotel frequently to get away. Multiple times she lead me to a hotel room, to the bed, tie me face up with my head dangling off the bed blindfolded, and then she'd leave the hotel room in a beautiful dress to go have a drink or two at he bar. This pattern was what we'd discussed to get me over the hump of nervousness. Each time she'd come back quietly, opening the hotel door, closing it, and whispering in my ear, "Are you ready? Open your mouth love," with the scent of her alcohol tainted breath enticing me, knowing she was horny as fuck. She'd spray some throat numbing spray into the back of my throat. She knew I had a terrible gag reflex and it'd help. Each time she'd pick up my trousers and drop them to the floor by my head, shuffling, and grab my head and I'd be there open and ready. 

Each time though I was met with her straddling my head and dropping her dress after shoving my head to her sex. She'd squeeze it with her beautiful thighs until I pleased her with her with multiple orgasms. One time she had someone else enter the room with her to throw me off, maybe a girlfriend or something. They snuck out leaving me alone with Lucy, just to throw me off. In my own perverse dreams in the past, I had dreamed of perhaps being teased by a surprise friend of hers if her thoughts of the beauty in feminine figure came flooding back. Maybe her friend would be dripping post sex from in the room next door by her boyfriend. Lucy would bring her back to have her straddle me and clean her up. I'd never know who it was, but she'd maybe just want to prove I was a kinky bastard and good to my word. Or maybe one of them would straddle my blindfolded face while the other rode me. They'd then force me to guess which was which or just enjoy a guy they could use while they played with each other over my body as they pleased. Or even maybe she'd just romp with her next to me, leaving me to know she was enveloped in a woman's arms.

Just as I thought perhaps it wouldn't happen, it did. I lay there one night as she wandered off to the bar leaving me bound to the bed and blindfolded per usual. When she came back hours later she went thru her normal routine of whispering in my ear and spraying my throat. This time she had definitely had a couple of stiff drinks. I heard trousers drop and a bit of kissing. Perhaps she'd brought a girlfriend this time but the heavier shuffling of feet and danker scent told me otherwise. Perhaps she'd brainstormed and thought of another way to entice and trick me, but suddenly with the head of a warm cock in my mouth, the fantasy we'd planned sunk in.

"Unless you want a better chance of your little lady getting pregnant, I'd recommend you finish off my heavily teased hard-on," he said, thrusting forward into my mouth.

He withdrew just a bit. I hesitated, startled. Do I back out? But before I knew it I started licking and swirling my tongue around his engorged head, causing it to pulse in anticipation. I heard the light fabric drop of Lucy's dress against the floor. She was apparently still in the room watching. She must be curious as to how I'd take it, seeing if I'd be the one to bow out first from our fantasy. The thought of a challenge from my sub caused more determination. He rocked his hips forward as I locked down to suck on him and continue pleasing him with my tongue. His thrust hit the back of my throat and I gagged a bit. But this bull was skilled rocking back, re-aiming this time with a different angle and thrusting forward to see if this new spot would cause me to gag. This continued as he grew harder and harder, trying to find that magic spot to shove his cock into my throat. Eventually he found it and that's when the real thrusting began. I lost all sense of where Lucy was. Maybe she was kissing him, biting him, scratching his back, teasing him so she could get her turn. Maybe she sat on the bed watching and getting off on it. It didn't take long until I felt him stop his thrusting, pull back enough so the tip remained in my mouth and my lips sealed. His cock pulsed shooting the beginning of his load into my mouth. I sucked him dry, swallowing like my little sub did so many times.

Lucy must have felt satisfied enough to remove my blindfold as he withdrew and gave me no rest. She quickly bolted out, "I'm not quite ready for him yet," shoving my head deep between her thighs, "Get me ready baby."

It didn't take long until she was "ready." She came once on my face and had enough because she was so eager to have hard sex. But our bull wasn't quite ready for round two yet. She knew it wouldn't take much to get me off at his point so she had to choose whether to suck me off while I continued my job under her amazing womanhood, edge or grind against my swollen cock allowing me to cum while she got off, or take me deep inside her letting me fill her with seed before her bull did. Having made a decision apparently she began to climb on top of me and lift my member to slide it deep into her. With a disappointing shake of his head, our bull showed disapproval. She wanted it so bad and he could see it on her face.

"You'll be rewarded soon enough little girl," he said seductively.

She let my member flop against my torso and started grinding against it in earnest. I came hard, shooting cum onto my belly and chest while she continued to edge herself without a care. Moments later I felt her stiffen with her second orgasm of the night. She allowed it to pass quickly and got off, trying to clean up the mess she'd made. But our bull had another plan as he motioned for her to come to him by my head. As she slowly went around the bed he placed her directly over me, pushing her down towards my stomach to fuck her. I felt her lean into me, licking up what she still could. I now sat mere inches away from her beautiful mound which carried softly over her pubic ridge, dividing into her lovely lips. I watched him position his member in line with her love tunnel and painfully creep it forward till it clearly touched her entrance. She moaned in anticipation, no signs of hesitation. She was about to be taken by another man right in front of me. He intentionally made me watch in agonizing pain as he so slowly inched his long member into her, making sure to mash her hips into his while his balls dangled right in my face. He withdrew so leisurely, intentionally sliding all the way out but leaving just enough contact to allow him to slide into her again in slow motion. Then with little notice he refocused to the task at hand.

He banged into her with earnest. He banged into her to humiliate me. He banged into her because she growled and moaned in sheer carnal lust. It wasn't enough, it just wasn't enough for her. She growled for it to be harder. She started rocking in earnest as he join her slapping their hips together in a glorious, hard, passionate sex session. He knew damn well as he moved that his manhood would either hit or come so close to her now emasculated man. I was in the sex act, not aside from it watching. It went on for what seemed to be forever. She came so many times, nearly falling over. As he neared orgasm, he lowered her down as he fucked her and held her mound directly over my mouth. He came in a blaze of glory, thrusting deep into her, forcing me to watch him spasm into her. Moments after he finished cumming, he withdrew causing his second huge load of the evening to glob out into my waiting mouth. She collapsed on me. He undid my restrains as she drained herself of him.

"Well, let's get on with act three! Turn around Lucy, you're not done yet," he exclaimed.

He motioned for me to get up but I hesitated not knowing what to do.

"Oh, I'm finished with her down there, you can have it. I want her to finish up whatever is left in my boy's."

With that she was placed on all fours, face to his dick, me buried into her. Lucy was in for unreal amounts of fucking and face fucking. She was currently living somewhere between orgasms from two men simultaneously as we did our best to please her. By the time we came, everyone was exhausted. Our friend got dressed and left with a smile on his face. Lucy and I laid on the bed, collapsed from exhaustion and bliss.

I looked at her and mouthed, "One more? Just for us."

We made love again, slow, passionate, and emotionally deeper than anything that had just happened. Oh yeah, a whole lot slower.