 Cecile's wants and desires were few, and fell far below what most would find on the prurient side. She liked to keep to herself, the one companion that she knew was reliable and trustworthy. She liked to sit by herself, doing her puzzles and sipping chamomile on a Friday night. Even her quiet life at work required little interaction with others, and she was relieved. 

Cecile's body did not match her sedentary lifestyle. She had a slender build, with a cute little butt that stuck out. She had extra long legs with a very long neck. Her pale skin gave her a fierce look of both anguish and determination. She had modest sized breasts, but they were perky and pleasant. She wore extra large glasses and constantly had her hair tied in a bun. She liked to accentuate her slim frame with ankle-length dresses and usually in tennis shoes. If she was feeling daring enough, she would manage with heels. 

Cecile worked in a filing department for old maps and aerial photos. They were in the process of digitizing many of the maps and uploading them for worldwide access via the Internet. It was a mundane enough job, but it afforded Cecile a place without interruption. She was also fortunate enough to have co-workers with whom she got on well. Probably the only friend she had was Beth, a fellow clerk at the office. Beth did not share Cecile's proportions. While she was more compact with a bit of extra weight, she had far more confidence in herself that Cecile could muster. Beth would never be shy about sharing details of her latest romances. 

Cecile owned a house left to her by her mother, who had passed away from heart complications. Her mother had completed renovations on the downstairs to turn it into a tasteful apartment. Cecile had let it out on the room rental site GoTel, where she made modest income. Cecile had a dream of retiring on a horse ranch, and she managed to squirrel away a decent nest egg in order to afford her dream. She had no illusions about waiting to be rescued. 

Cecile usually woke up early to ensure that the rooms would be properly stocked. The room was usually rented out for the weekend only, but she was expecting two tenants for the entire week. Her guests were almost always polite and quiet, and Cecile could be assured that any damage was covered by their credit card. 

She made her way to work, riding the subway. She would get glares from just about everyone, with all of them admiring her wonderful figure and the fact that she wore such full-length dresses to hide everything. The temptation was made that much greater by what you were not allowed to see. There was an odd occasion where a group of Asian girls, giggling and covering their mouths, gathered around Cecile and snapped several shots with her. Cecile said nothing, and watched the group of girls walk away. 

She went into the office as usual. Beth was waiting for her already at her desk. Cecile smoothed out her dress at her hind quarters and sat down. 

Beth was all smiles. "You're gonna laugh," she said. 

Cecile stared her down with those huge glasses of hers and adjusted them on her nose. "You always promise me that." 

Beth did a butt adjustment in her chair before turning to Cecile. "Okay, it's my epic birthday coming up, and I had plans with all my best friends." 

Cecile rolled her eyes. "I don't know if the 37th is really one of the epic birthdays." 

Beth flicked her hands at Cecile dismissively. "Point is, I'm getting a party ready, and I want my bestie there for me." She leaned over to fish something out of her purse. She emerged with a glossy handout. "Check it out!" 

Cecile took the paper from Beth and examined it. "Come to Joccu's for a night of fantasy! Featuring our players from the Phoenix area: DESERT MEAT." Cecile looked up from the paper, expressionless. "I can't believe you think this is worth your time." 

Beth sat there with her mouth agape. "Are you kidding me? This is Desert Meat we're talking about! Those men are gorgeous." She put her hand to her chest. "I mean...okay. I don't like to use the word slave or anything, but don't you just wish you just had that kind of man waiting on your every whim?" 

Cecile shook her head and pursed her lips. "I can't do that to someone. I can look after myself." 

Beth laughed. "Yeah, anyone can 'look after themselves', if you catch my drift! I'm talking about having that raw power working for you." She leaned in a bit and lowered her voice. "Working on top of you?" 

Cecile took a deep breath and turned to her computer. "That's really inappropriate." 

"Oh, give it up!" Beth chuckled. "It's you, me, and Akiko down here, and she's probably a bigger pervert than me!" She put her feet up on the desk. "Hey, did you get any renters?" 

Cecile nodded. "Two people. I meet them tonight." 

Beth looked at Cecile and smiled. "You really know how to make money." 

Cecile took a sip of her water. "I do what I can. I just..." She rolled her eyes in frustration, then started to hit her open palm with her hand as if chopping into it. "I just want what's mine to stay mine. I like my life the way it is." 

"Oh, Cecile," said Beth, sounding sad. "You have so much to offer. Look, at least come out with us this Friday and see what you're missing." 

Cecile sighed. "It's not really my thing. I mean, I bet it's just loud and uncomfortable..." 

"You need to get out of your comfort zone more than anyone," scolded Beth. She held up her hands. "Now look at me, girl. You are absolutely beautiful compared to me, but I get action!" 

Cecile put her hand over her mouth. "I can't even think about that." 

Beth pointed at her friend. "You're coming out with us, sourpuss. And I want a gift. Something either sparkly or chocolate." 

The day went on, and Cecile went about her business with the routine work they do. Cecile had an unfortunate accident when she was trying to pull a cardboard box off of a shelf, only to realize too late that the bottom was not properly taped. She was horrified when several dozen topographic maps suddenly dropped on the floor and flew in every direction. Akiko was nice enough to help with the cleanup and reorganization. 

Cecile rode the train home and got to her place in time. She had left instructions not to check in before six. She went down to the rooms and did a last bit of straightening up before her guests were supposed to arrive. As she was tidying up the last bit of the kitchenette, she saw a yellow cab stop off at the end of her driveway. She dashed to the entryway and made her way out to the driveway to meet them. 

She froze as soon as she saw them. Two incredible-looking men, both in nice suits, were making their way up the driveway with their bags in tow. They were having a laugh about something, and did not notice their hostess yet. Cecile shook off her shock and went over to greet them. 

"Hello!" she called out. "Are you here for the room?" 

The two men took notice of her and both smiled. One of them tapped the other on the shoulder and pointed, giving a quick nod. One of them had fine black curly hair, and the other had a neat crew cut with lighter hair. They both looked as if they were in the armed forces, as far as Cecile could tell. 

Curls offered his hand, and Cecile gave back a clumsy handshake. "Hi. We're supposed to be renting from you. I hope this place looks as nice as it showed on the website." 

Cecile smiled, then looked over Crew Cut. "You can trust me. It's very spacious and comfortable." She led them into the entryway. 

Curls whistled. "Yeah, not bad at all," he said. "Furniture looks almost brand new." 

Crew Cut hauled in his bags and set them down, taking a look around as well. "Definitely beats some of the lousy places we've been put up in before," he said. He turned his attention to Cecile. "Name's Austin, and this is Brody. You can tell us apart by me being the handsome one." 

Brody cocked his head at Austin. "Don't listen to him. He thinks turn-down service is when the maids won't sleep with him." 

Austin chuckled. Cecile was confused by the banter. "So, uh...gentlemen. I was expecting a married couple or something. Are...I mean...are you two...?" 

Austin then started to roar and pointed at Brody. "With him? He should be so lucky." 

Cecile covered her mouth, ready to die of embarrassment. "Oh no! I'm so sorry! Just...you two are so good-looking—I MEAN! You're just...I mean in this day and age..." 

Austin held up a hand to steady her. "Hey, it's all right. This beauty is a curse, I guess." 

"This is not the first time we've been mistaken for that," said Brody. He walked over and slapped Austin lightly on his bicep. "You remember the audition we had?" He turned to Cecile. "The receptionist comes to tell us we'll be seen in five minutes, then she walks into the boss's office and says, 'Hey, there's two gay guys here to see you.' Just because we came in at the same time!" The two men laughed. 

Cecile was still flustered. "Okay. Again I'm so sorry for the mix-up." 

Austin shook his head. "Look, if you can't laugh at yourself, what's the point?" 

Cecile suddenly remembered she was holding the key for the door. "Oh! Let me just give you this," she said as she handed over the key to Austin. "Now, um...there are a few rules I had. No smoking or vaping, please. I do allow guests, but I like to keep things quiet. Please no parties past 11 pm." 

"We understand," Brody said. "Our shows will be on Wednesday to Saturday, and we usually wrap it up by midnight. We can still come in a bit late, right?" 

Cecile pondered this. "Uh, I guess so. I just like it quiet is all. If you come in, please just don't make any noise." 

Brody looked at Austin, and they both shrugged. "You won't hear a peep out of us," said Brody. "Hopefully we'll let you and your husband get a quiet night." 

"Or wife," joked Austin. 

Cecile remembered her faux pas from earlier and smiled. "Uh, no. Just...just me up there." She patted at her bun as her eyes darted around. "Anyway, maybe you can get settled in. Please call me at the number by the phone if you need anything." 

"We'll keep it in mind," said Brody. "Uh, Cecile, was it?" She nodded in the affirmative. He gave her a wink. "Thanks for everything." 

Cecile felt her cheeks getting hot as she adjusted her glasses. "Uh, okay. I'll leave you to it, then." She practically ran out of the door, making her way up the stairs to her own section of the house. She pushed in the front door and slammed it behind her, heaving. As fun as they sounded, the two men made her nervous, yet so excited. 

Cecile was preparing dinner as she noticed the two men walk down the driveway. Two minutes later a car came to pick them up, and they were gone. She was kicking herself now for not inviting them up for a home-cooked meal. She always managed to make more than she needed to, then ended up having nearly a week's worth of leftovers to have to devour or repurpose. She started to wonder if maybe Beth was right. Having a man come in and eat up her food once in a while might be worth some companionship. 

She had finished up a portion of her beef stew, then sat down to work on her kitten puzzle. Her budgie was flapping around in his cage more than usual. She got up to check in on him. "Hi Camus," she said. She opened the cage and dropped in a few seeds. She closed the cage, then looked over at her clock. 8:30. It was as if she was waiting for her days to hurry up and end, already. She cleaned up the last of the dishes, then headed off for bed. 

Cecile got off her long dress, and looked at herself in her full-length mirror. She typically tried to avoid showing off VPL as much as possible, so she wore a lot of thongs. Today she had on her rainbow-stripe G-string. She admired her long legs and slender waist. Her skin was very pale, but she was pleased with the fact it was not sun-freckled or terribly pink. Just white was all. 

She slipped off her bra and panties, then slid on her long nightshirt with the pug on the front. She climbed into her large poster bed and got under the covers, turning out the lights. 

She sat and stared at the ceiling for nearly an hour. This usually did not happen to her, and she only had green tea for dinner. She found herself wondering what the two men downstairs were up to on their outing. 

Cecile felt terribly frustrated and anxious. She pulled her tablet out of its docking station on the desk table. She turned it on and checked her e-mail. Fifteen different spams, plus an e-vite for Beth's birthday party. 

Cecile let the glowing tablet rest on her stomach while she sat up in bed. She bit her lower lip, then started to play with her own fingers. 

She then went into her Internet browser, remembering to set it to incognito mode. God forbid if she die tomorrow and someone went rifling through this thing! 

"Okay," she said to herself. "Let's just type in...sex." 

Four point two billion results, many of them looking pretty academic. She decided she had to be more specific. Suddenly she was wondering how Beth would do something like this. 

"Type in..." she instructed herself. "'How to masturbate for women.'" 

This was not a trivial search for Cecile, as she had rarely touched herself. She was far too timid to have bought a pleasure aid in any store, and she could not bear the thought of someone in some credit card place knowing that she had purchased such a thing. 

Fewer results came in. Cecile found what she assumed was more of a clinical dry talk with a sophisticated older woman. She clicked it on, and the video began. 

"Hi! I'm Dr. Aurora Jane," the blonde woman in the video began. She was sitting in a nice blue dress and seated on a tasteful leather couch surrounded by two houseplants. She looked in her mid-forties, and could have been anyone you met on the street. "Today I want to talk to you about appreciating your own body, and feeling as if you can enjoy your journey of self-discovery." 

Cecile began to feel at ease. The woman seemed very friendly and non-judgmental as she narrated the video. She described about feeling relaxed, which cut into some B-roll with a man and a woman walking on the beach holding hands, enjoying a fancy restaurant, then kissing on a park bench. 

The video suddenly cut to Dr. Aurora Jane standing by her leather couch, dressed in a black silk robe. "Now that we have described the benefits of good sexual energy, it is time that we learn to explore ourselves, and to find out what makes us feel both satisfied and comfortable." Dr. Jane took off the robe, revealing her naked body. 

Cecile pressed pause and threw the tablet to the edge of her bed. She clutched her chest and panted, her heart beating wildly. "Dr. Jane!" she exclaimed. She could hardly believe someone who was making her feel so secure was ready to expose herself so readily! She settled down, then said to herself, "It's all right. It's a naked woman. You have seen them before." 

She picked up the tablet and started the video again. Dr. Jane was certainly toned and beautiful for her age, or for any age. She clearly worked out, and had decent breasts. Her vulva was completely bare, which Cecile guessed was for showing off in videos such as these. Cecile was trimmed, but had not contemplated a total cleanup before. She loved how Dr. Jane's labia looked so cute. 

Dr. Jane sat down on the couch and spread her legs. "What is important is to remember that everyone does this at one point or another," she said. "Sex is the most natural and beneficial thing that anyone can experience. Now do as I do, and get nice and comfortable." 

Cecile looked around her room for whatever reason, then pulled off her nightshirt. She was back under the covers again, holding up the tablet. 

"There is no need to rush," cautioned Dr. Jane. "Feel around your own body for other erogenous zones. Allow yourself to understand what it is you like." Dr. Jane began stroking her own thighs, then made her way up to her breasts. She began rubbing them, making a face of delight. She licked one of her fingers and rubbed her nipple. By this time, they were becoming erect. Her tanned skin was consistent with the colour of her nipples, a reddish colour. 

Cecile watched intently, then put the tablet down and positioned it so that she could watch it from the side. She reached under the covers and started to stroke her thighs, just as Dr. Jane had done. Then she reached up to her breasts. She was getting hot, so she pulled the covers down enough to expose them to the air. She started to flick at her own nipples, more of a bright pink. They were starting to get stiff. Cecile started to tug at one, letting the sensation rush through her. 

"Now that you are feeling properly stimulated, it would be good to begin on your vulva," said Dr. Jane, seeming to keep composure after getting herself worked up. "You will notice I did not say 'vagina', as it is a misconception that the vagina is necessary to stimulate an orgasm." 

Cecile got tense with some of the words that Dr. Jane was using. However, she trusted her with the advice she was dispensing. 

Dr. Jane continued. "Take the tips of your fingers and rub them, gently, on your outer lips. We call these the labia majora." Dr. Jane demonstrated, rubbing her middle and forefinger up and down, then making a circular motion on her privates. 

Cecile pulled her hand from under the covers to inspect, then proceeded to reach down and do the same. She was getting well stimulated at this point, panting and moaning as she fiddled downstairs. She was enjoying watching Dr. Jane do the same, her throwing her head back and gripping onto the couch cushions. 

Dr. Jane was gasping and thrusting her hips now. She was having a bit of trouble keeping composure to give more instructions. "If you wish to, you can lie on your stomach, This will apply more pressure to your area." She was able to lie down on the couch with her legs resting on the coffee table. She had left her high heels on for this. 

Cecile obliged, rolling over onto her stomach. She kept her fingers on her labia while she began to rub faster. She buried her face in her pillow, convinced that someone might be able to hear. She clenched her tight butt as she picked up the pace. 

"Be sure to feel around under your clitoral hood for the clitoris," instructed Dr. Jane, still panting and grunting. The camera zoomed in for a tight shot of her pussy, Dr. Jane used her middle finger to diddle around, finally finding the pearl. She rubbed back and forth on it, thrusting up and down as if riding a dick. 

Cecile did the same, taking a while but finally finding that sweet hard nub. She used her ring finger, not wanting to press too hard. Jolts of electricity felt as if they were going through her as she rubbed and nuzzled her little hot button. 

Dr. Jane looked over her shoulder. "Now, if you're feeling up to it, you can place one, two, or even three fingers inside of you. Move them in and out of the vagina at a speed that makes you comfortable." Dr. Jane settled on two fingers and began to move in and out of her. She humped herself up and down to increase the sensation. 

Cecile did the same, reaching down and settling for only one digit. She was getting wet at this point, and was able to slide into herself with ease. She hammered her pussy, feeling so confident watching the good doctor doing the same. Cecile even mimicked Dr. Jane's groans and squeaks. 

Cecile heard something happening within the house. The renters were back! They had come through their door and were chatting and laughing in the kitchen. Cecile was unsure of what to do, but was also thrilled with the idea of having two good-looking men in her house while she was giving herself pleasure. She started pushing in and out of her pussy, keeping her face buried in the pillow. 
