 This is a very true story. Like most swingers, my shy hotwife and I don't feel comfortable attending Life Style (LS) parties near our home, fearing the dreaded "Worlds colliding" issue. So instead we attend parties located at least one hour away from our city. On this particular Saturday night we'd signed up for a house party located approx. 75 minutes away. The party had a fun "Sheer" theme and as luck would have it, for years I've been buying my hotwife sexy sheer dresses, tops and sheer-when-wet WW bikinis hoping to raise her confidence while lowering her inhibitions. Despite years of LS party experience, my hotwife continues to be very shy. 

Over the years we've learned not to attend LS parties with preconceived expectations of playing unless we've made pre-party plans to meet some of our naughty LS friends who she is comfy with. Those LS friends like to fuck as much as we do so those nights are great fun. But when we've not made prearrangements to meet horny friends at the party, we instead treat the parties as just a date-night out. We simply enjoy being surrounded by naughty likeminded people and don't care if we hook up. As an example of those likeminded people, it was a new friend who gave us the opportunity to see & touch fake boobs for the first time because the woman was showing them off. That never happens at vanilla parties. 

My hotwife is a very fit, sexy, 5'4" with waist length brunette hair, blue eyes and a sweet butt much like that of a Latin dancer. Ahead of this night's party we showered and she shaved "it" smooth before poured herself a glass of wine. That told me she was feeling horny ahead of this party. That's always a good sign, although she might just have been thirsty and not horny. Either way the red wine will help because it always puts her in a great mood and turns her into a nympho without her realizing it. 

Then we headed to the party and arrived right on time. In compliance with their theme, she wore a short, slinky, very sheer black dress, commando with FM heels. In the right lighting, she appeared completely naked but I didn't tell her that because she's already self conscious enough. As I said before, she's super shy despite being a very fit 110 pound "spinner," with large areola, pierced nipples & huge pierced labia & clit which always catch the guy's eyes. This party was being held in a huge house and it's a BYOB format. The expected headcount was approx. 100-120 couples & single guys. Two thirds were couples and the rest were single men which titillated my hotwife. Once settled inside the party we opened our cooler and poured drinks before mingling. This was my hotwife's second glass of red wine. She'll explain the significance of that later.

Most of the party's women were smoking hot & seemed nice but none clicked with my looks but my hotwife always receives ample attention from the husbands and single guys, which flatters her but sometimes makes the wives jealous. Eventually I needed to use the bathroom which had a long waiting line. 

From here on, I'll let my hotwife describe what happened next since we got separated while I waited in line to use the bathroom: 

- - - - -

When hubby went to use the bathroom I told him I would meet him at our cooler and went there to refill my wine glass. This would be my third glass of wine. Gulp! That's when 2 handsome muscular guys introduced themselves and asked, "Can we help you refill your drink?" I love muscular men and they were charming, but I was kinda' distracted watching for hubby's return. I knew hubby would be back any second but as the wait dragged on, these 2 guys helped me pass the time being really funny. They offered to do a Tequila shot with me... By now we were laughing like crazy and they were so nice, and since those are my 2 of my favorite traits in men, besides big hard cocks, I gave in and did the shot with them. Gosh that was yummy and warmed me to my core, and somehow even made my pussy tingle. Then a few minutes later I think they offered me a second shot, and then a third shot... 

After 20 minutes elapsed without hubby's return I had finished my third glass of wine and the guys ran out of Tequila for shots. But they said they had more red wine in their cooler upstairs and asked if I would like some? I was nervous about leaving my meeting spot before hubby returned. But the guys continued to be fun, nice and really hot... I held out a bit longer, until I began nibbling on some finger foods which made me very thirsty. Then I really needed to wet my whistle so I said, "Okay, I'll go upstairs for a quick drink but just for a minute and I need to come right back to my meeting spot." Otherwise hubby won't know where to look for me in this huge 3 level house. 

I was feeling no pain by now and using my wine clouded judgment I followed them upstairs to their cooler, it was stashed in the Open room. As I followed one of the guys up the stairs his buddy was close behind me. I realized he was very close when he touched my huge pierced labia which hangs way down when I'm commando. Soon we were enjoying their very expensive wine and I lost track of how many more glasses of wine I had because it tasted so yummy. It was at least my fourth or fifth glass of wine, not counting the 3 shots of Tequila. 

That put me well over hubby's "3 glass wine limit" and now "anal was on the table" as he describes it. 

The back story on that rule is he dislikes it when I get sloppy drunk and to reward his patience when I get drunk, he fucks my ass knowing the next day I won't remember how my asshole got loose and full of cum. Thus he always reminds me by saying, "Something is on the table," and now it really was! 

I didn't realize how drunk I was, and never do. However I knew I was super horny. That's always been the side effect when I drink red wine, not to mention drinking those 3 shots of Tequila. 

So when my head started spinning, I needed to lay down on the bed figuring it would just take a minute for my head to clear. Once I laid down, mind you we're still in the Open room, the hands started touching my body and it felt really good so I may have egged them on by saying, "Guys, please touch me." (blushing) Apparently I was very drunk and super horny because the guys later said I peeled off my sheer dress and tossed it aside before urging ALL the guys to, "Please come touch me!" I just remember it felt amazing. 

The Open room doesn't have a door and I soon heard more voices in addition to my 2 guys. I was still laying on my back when they adjusted my position on the bed so my head hung off the side. That's when I might have willingly spread my legs wide and raised my knees. Suddenly I felt a warm mouth on my inner thighs and fingers rubbing my pierced pussy lips. My pussy was already soaking wet and the guys all complemented my huge pierced lips as they spread them to lick me deep. Gosh that felt sooo good that I let them, and may have begged them to continue. 

Soon an impressive hard cock appeared at my mouth from beside the bed. It had a beautifully flared mushroom head which has always been my weakness. I took him deep in my mouth. Soon I tasted his pre-cum on my tongue. As I sucked this cock my pussy was building towards an orgasm because someone was licking me like a pro. 

This Open room is well lit and I could easily see the room was now packed with naked guys all standing around my bed. Then I heard someone say, "She's going to cum" apparently referring to me and that's when I arched my back, lifted my cunt against someone's tongue and came hard. Just then, the cock in my mouth gentle pushed deeper and slipped past my gag reflex and shot rope after rope of hot cum down my throat! I didn't need to swallow it because it was already down my throat, and no longer in my mouth. That was a fun sensation. Once that cock pulled out, another cock quickly replaced it in my mouth and I eagerly took him balls deep once I relaxed my throat again. It too slid well down my throat. It was fun hearing this guy moaning even though I couldn't see his face. 

That's when I felt the yummy tongue leave my cunt and be replaced by a hard cock which easily slipped into my very wet married cunt. I couldn't see who it was and that's when I lost control again. I'm embarrassed to admit that I apparently started fucking like a bitch (dog) in heat. The room remained crowded and I heard more guys arriving. I was so horny that I didn't want to stop fucking and may have fucked every willing guy in the room. (blushing)

I knew my doing that would please hubby because he likes it when I show my "naughty intent," and only then did I remember I was supposed to meet him downstairs. Honestly, all the guys were being so nice that I just went with the flow and lost count as cock after cock pumped their hot loads into my mouth and cunt. I'm not sure how many guys fucked me but at some point I rolled over onto all fours and began sucking the guys standing beside the bed while more guys fucked me from behind. I'm told that's I spread my butt cheeks to tease a guy with my "cute rosebud" (as it's been described) and that's when they began taking turns fucking both my ass and pussy at the same time! DP felt incredible and I'm told that's when I began telling the guys to, "Empty your nuts into me!" And they did, one after another. Hubby would have loved hearing me beg for that in the Open room. (more blushing) 

Eventually I began to hear fewer voices and soon I had drained the last guy. As I lay there dazed and relaxing, with my eyes looking straight up, Hubby's face suddenly appeared! He said, "Hey Babe, sorry I'm late but I ran into Sally after using the bathroom and she insisted on fucking me. I couldn't say no." 

Hubby told me that downstairs word was spreading of "a hottie upstairs gangbanging ALL the guys bareback!" When he arrived upstairs he was thrilled to see it was me in the Open room, naked and airtight, fucking 3 guys at a time! He said he watched two rounds of 6 guys fucking my married cunt, asshole & mouth bareback as they pumped me full of their cum. He said after I swallowed each load in my mouth and kept urging the guys to "Empty your nuts into my cunt & ass." 

Hubby even took a turn pumping his cum into my sloppy loose asshole while I was on my knees and I didn't even know it was him! Luckily he was not mad but instead was turned on watching me fuck the group. He said my asshole "felt amazing, the best it's ever felt because it was so loose and full of cum." I was very embarrassed and didn't know what to say because I went from being his faithful shy wife to the party's slut in what seemed like 10 minutes after adding a little red wine & Tequila. 

As I lay on that Open room bed hubby spread my legs and saw the streams of cum begin leaking from my gaping ass and cunt. As he smiled at my well used holes I sheepishly said, "Babe, please lick me." Then he gave me the best oral I've ever had, and he was the last guy to fuck me before we left the party. 

Once home, he fucked me two more times before morning. Since that night we've had daily hot sex for weeks and he still talks about "that fun night." It occurred to me that he's trying to keep my pussy & ass, "Party loose" as he now calls it. I'm okay with that and am now watching the calendar for the next house party. Just add red wine...