 Kristen had been held up at work and was late for the party. It was evening, already after dark. She was out in the suburbs, somewhere with a lot of trees and lawns, and the street, when she found it, was already full of cars, double and triple parked up along the verges.

She drove slowly, found a space, and pulled in. She needed to change, to get out of her work clothes. She took off her shoes, sitting in the driver's seat, then wriggled around to do the rest. She got her suit jacket off, and her shirt open, before she decided there wasn't enough room in the car.

She opened the door and got out. It was dark. She'd be fine. She took off her shirt, and undid her suit pants and pulled them down a little. She was about to reach back into the car for her dress, when she realized.

There was a guy sitting in the car next to her. Sitting in the car, with a phone to his ear, his mouth open, staring at her.

A cute guy.

Kristen had no idea what to do. She was embarrassed. She was standing there in her bra, a fairly sexy, small bra, and it was completely her fault. She should have checked.

She decided to make the most of it. She grinned, and waved.

He smiled back.

She decided she liked him. She decided he had a nice face. She pulled down one cup of her bra and flashed him.

He looked started, then grinned back at her.

She put herself away, and he wound down his window.

"Sorry," he said. "I thought you'd seen me."

"Have now."

"I'm on hold," he said, looking at his phone. "I'd have been talking otherwise."

"Don't worry," Kristen said.

She turned around and got her dress, and pulled it on over her head. She was pretty sure he was still watching. He hadn't wound his window up yet.

"Are you still looking at me?" she said.

"Shit, sorry, I..."

"Be useful," she said, and took a step backwards. "Zip me up."

Nothing happened.

"Can you reach?" she said.

"Hold on." He must have leaned out his car window. She felt his hand on the small of her back, felt him fumbling. Then he pulled the zipper.

"Thanks," she said, and turned around.

She still had to get her pants down from under her dress, and she could either do that by tugging and wiggling and being ungainly, or she could keep going with whatever she was doing here and let him watch.

She pulled the dress up, over her pants. She pulled her pants down. Pulled them off one foot, then the other. Then stood there, grinning.

He sat there and stared. Her hips were right at the level of his nose, and her undies weren't completely sensible. There probably wasn't much to see, but whatever there was, he could see all of it.

She pulled the dress back down, slowly, and sat down in the driver's seat to put on her shoes. Flashing him again a little, probably, and grinning.

"Okay," she said. "Bye," and went inside.

*

The house was nice. Kristen didn't really know anyone, had been invited by a friend of a friend, but the house was nice, and the people seemed nice, and she kept wondering if she'd see the guy from outside.

He found her while she was perching on the arm of a sofa, and came and sat on the seat beside her. Someone had just got up from that spot, and Kristen had been wondering if she should take it herself when he landed there.

"You," she said, and had a better look at him. She hadn't been able to see properly outside. Definitely cute, and grinning at her like they had some secret together.

"I hoped I'd find you," he said.

"And you did."

"Can I get you a drink or anything?"

"You just sat down."

"I'll stand up."

She picked a glass, from the side-table beside her, and showed him it was half-full. It wasn't her glass, and she was a bit thirsty, but she didn't really want him to move. This little game was quite interesting.

"What do you do?" he said. "You had a suit on when you arrived."

She shook her head.

"You don't want me to tell you?"

"Don't ask about that."

"Okay." He sat there looking at her. "What do you do for fun?"

She shook her head again.

"I shouldn't ask about you at all?"

"I'm not going to fall in love with you," she said. "I'm not going to marry you. So what's the point?"

He looked a little offended, but she was pretty sure he was pretending. "You're not going to fall for me? You know that already?"

"Yep."

"That's sudden."

She leaned forward, spoke quietly, "You're a pervert. You leer at innocent women in the dark. Of course I'm not going to fall for you."

He grinned.

"I might fuck you though."

"Oh," he said, and seemed quite surprised by that. "That's good, then."

"I think so."

He sat quietly for a while, like he didn't know what to say next. After a while, Kristen took off her shoes, undid them and dropped them on the floor and swung herself around so she was sitting facing him, her toes on the couch, against his leg.

"Don't," she said, since he was obviously trying to see up her dress.

He looked at her for a while. "I can rub them."

"Rub what?"

"You're feet. If they're sore."

She wanted to say that wasn't why she'd taken off her shoes, but didn't bother. She nodded, and held out one foot.

He did, and he did it well. Like he had before. Holding her foot pretty tight, so it didn't tickle, running his thumbs up and down the length of her arch

"You haven't got a fetish or something have you?" she said. "About feet?"

"Nope," he said. "Have you?"

"Not about feet."

He looked up, suddenly.

"Flashing people," she said. "Obviously."

"Really?"

She shrugged. Then, because she was actually after him in a way and didn't want to put him off, she said, "I didn't actually know until tonight, but apparently."

He grinned, and kept rubbing her foot. It was actually quite nice to get a foot-rub at a party. Nicer than talking to strangers or passing out or whatever else she might be doing otherwise.

She took that foot away after a while, and gave him the other, and he looked up her dress when she did, but she didn't mind, especially.

He started rubbing her calf. It felt good, like an actual massage.

"Sit down here," he said. "You'll be more comfortable."

"I'm fine."

"And I can reach more easily."

"Reach what?" she said, but slid off the couch arm and sat beside him, her feet in his lap. She leaned back on her elbows, and watched him, and he rubbed higher up her legs. Rubbed her thigh.

And then rubbed ever higher. His hands were up under her dress, and he was watching her. She ignored him, looked around the room, let him work out how to grope her best.

He moved a bit, to reach, and got his hand all the way up to her hip. He wasn't massaging now, wasn't rubbing hard, he was being all slow and soft and teasing. She closed her eyes, and sighed. She couldn't really help it.

After a while she realized he was hesitating, like he wasn't sure how far she wanted to go.

She looked around. There people nearby, standing and talking, some in chairs opposite them, and another couple behind him, further down the couch. No-one seemed to be paying any attention.

"Go on," she said, and he slid his fingers inside her underwear. She'd expected a bit of an outside rub, but he went up the inside of her leg, and over her lips, and right inside her. She was so wet he slipped straight in, and he felt so good she shivered, and bit her lip, and just sat there without moving.

She closed her eyes. She was being fingered in a crowded room, and no-one seemed to know or care. It was hot.

She slid a little closer. Bent one leg, and put the other right across him, so she was pressed against him and his hand up her dress was less obvious. As she moved she bumped Amber on the other side of him, who looked at her.

"Sorry," Kristen said.

Amber smiled, and looked away, and didn't seem to notice anything odd.

The guy had two fingers inside her, and was pushing his thumb down on her clit. It was like he was kneading wetness out of her. She was breathing roughly, almost panting. He was watching her.

"We can go somewhere else," he said quietly. "More private."

"No," she said. "Right here."

He looked around. He seemed more nervous than she was.

"Here," she said.

She could smell herself. She could hear wet noises his fingers were making, when the music was quiet.

She was sitting in the middle of a room, of a dozen people, and getting fingered.

She was surprised how much it was turning her on.

"Kiss me," she said, and he leaned over and kissed her.

She wriggled closer, settled into his arms, let him explore her. Explore with his mouth and explore with his hand. It was sexy and warm and nice. She moved her dress, made sure no-one going past could see, then sat there being kissed and fingered and relaxed and let herself slowly drift towards an orgasm.

"I can see what you're doing," a woman's voice said suddenly. "Everyone else can too."

Kristen opened her eyes. Someone was sitting on the arm of the couch, looking down at her, smirking.

"Don't care," Kristen said.

"Didn't think you did. Can we watch?"

"I'm just sitting here," Kristen said, grinning. "You do what you like."

The woman sat beside her on the couch, and a guy who seemed to be with her sat next to her. Kristen looked around, and decided no-one else was watching. Not unless they were so discreet she couldn't tell.

"I'm Amber," the woman said. Kristen shook her hand.

"Kristen."

"Shane," said the guy with his hand inside Kristen. She grinned at him, and held out her hand, her left hand. He shook it, quite solemnly, without stopping rubbing her with the other.

"Is everyone really watching?" Kristen said.

"Just us." Amber looked around. "And him."

Kristen looked where Amber was and realized someone across the room was. That guy was smiling, but not quite as cute as Shane, and Kristen suddenly she wondered if she minded being perved at by people who weren't hot. She decided not.

"Keep going," Amber said, and Shane looked at Kristen, and then did.

Amber stroked Kristen's arm, and Amber's man stroked Amber's leg. Kristen wondered if she should ask what the other guy's name was, since he was probably about to watch her come, but decided she didn't care. She hunched forward, and kissed Shane, and pushed herself against him, and wasn't sure if now and then she didn't moan.

She was getting close, but she wasn't sure she could, like this. She was a bit nervous, and he wasn't touching her quite the right way.

"I want to do more," she said into Shane's mouth.

"We can go somewhere," Amber said.

"I want to do more, right here, but I don't know if I should. I don't know if it's rude, or if I'll gross people out."

"Go on," Amber said, but Kristen hesitated.

The room was fairly dim, and the couch was backed into a corner, and Kristen was behind Amber and her boyfriend, hidden a little. It was getting later, too. The stage of the party where people started keeping to themselves, starting talking in smaller groups. It probably looked like that's what they were all doing over here. Just whispering and talking and keeping to themselves, sharing the space there was on the couch as best they could. A few people had walked past while Kristen was getting fingered, and she didn't think they'd noticed.

Kristen sat up, and kissed Shane, and said, "Your turn. I'll do you."

"You can't here."

"Right here."

He looked around, seemed nervous.

She reached over, sat closer to reach, and slid her hand into his trousers. He was hard. Hard and hot and he closed his eyes when she touched him. She could reach, but not properly. She needed more room.

"Has anyone got a coat or something?" she said. "A scarf?"

No-one seemed to. Kristen decided she didn't care, and undid Shane's trousers, and pulled his shirt down to hide him as best she could. She licked her hand, as subtly as she could, licked her hand and kissed him and started jerking him off.

He looked like he felt about how Kristen had a moment ago. He closed his eyes, then opened them and looked at her, then glanced around nervous, and then closed them again. His cock swelled a little in her hand, and got warmer as she rubbed.

She wanted more. She wasn't sure how far she was prepared to go, but she wanted more.

She bent over, moved his shirt.

"Kristen," he said. "Shit, you can't."

She put him in her mouth, and he went quiet. She tasted him, felt the shape of him. She liked men. She liked their mouths, and she liked their cocks, and she liked running her hands all over their bodies. She liked the first feel of a new penis inside her. She sucked hard, slid down him deep, and realized Shane was gasping a bit.

"Shh," she murmured, around his cock.

She was nervous at first. She didn't know how obvious this was, how well she was hidden behind the other two, how awkward it would be if she was caught. She sucked, a bit jumpy, planning to get it done quickly.

Amber started stroking her back, and whispered, "You're fine. No-one's looking."

The gentle touch, and the reassurance, calmed Kristen down a little. She slowed down a little, sucked gently, savored him. Savored what she was doing. She wanted to be doing this. She didn't quite know why, but it was hot.

She started to relax. She started to get turned on by being here, doing this.

Some people walked through the room, talking and Kristen kept sucking, made a point of moving her head up and down to make it as obvious as she could what she was doing. The feet didn't stop.

"God," Shane whispered, "I'm close."

She suddenly realized she hadn't thought this though. She didn't know him. She probably shouldn't let him come in her mouth without a condom. Then again, she probably shouldn't have started if she was worried, and she probably shouldn't be blowing people in crowded rooms if she was that concerned about being sensible.

She glanced around. No-one outside their group had noticed them. Kristen kept sliding her hand up and down Shane's cock. It was in plain sight, bare and shiny with spit and twitching slightly, no way she could be doing anything else.

She bent back down, and kept sucking.

Shane came. He pushed his hips up into Kristen's face quite suddenly. Kristen went with him, took as much of him as she could into her mouth, swallowed. There was a lot. More than many guys had. It was sweet, fairly thick. She didn't swallow the last of it, kept it in her mouth, tasting it. She sucked until he seemed finished, and then sat up.

She looked up, looked at Amber and her guy and swallowed the last of it as obviously as she could. Then she took a sip of beer, and wiped her mouth.

"That was fucking cool," Amber said.

Kristen shrugged.

"You should do her," Amber said to Shane.

"I did her for ages."

"With your hand. Fair's fair."

"I will if you want," Shane said to Kristen.

She was tempted. She wanted head. She wanted something. She just wasn't sure she wanted to be as bare as she'd need to be to do it. Getting felt up and blowing someone in a crowd seemed okay, because she still had her clothes on. Pulling up her dress enough to get eaten out would basically leave her naked.

"No," she said. "Maybe later."

They all looked at her, and seemed disappointed.

Kristen hesitated, "Not head, anyway."

Sudden interest.

"I'd fuck," she said to Shane, "If you can."

Silence.

"Can you?" She still had her hand on his cock, hidden under his shirt. It was slippery, wasn't completely soft, but it wasn't hard either.

"I can in a minute," he said.

"If anyone's got a condom? I don't."

Another silence.

"Oh shit," Kristen said. "You're kidding."

Amber got her bag, looked inside. Said, "Sorry," after a minute. The two guys just shook their heads.

Kristen felt annoyed. She felt like she'd been cheated.

"You could anyway," Amber said.

"Easy for you to say."

"I would."

"I don't know," Kristen said.

"Have either of you got anything?"

Kristen shook her heads, then Shane.

"There you go."

Kristen sat there, and looked at Amber. She knew it was a stupid thing to do, but was fairly sure she was going to anyway. "You get him hard," she said. "And I'll fuck him."

Amber hesitated.

"Well?" Kristen said.

Amber nodded. "All right."

Kristen looked at the guy with Amber. "He doesn't mind?"

"He wants to fuck you."

"Oh," Kristen said, a little surprised.

"He won't care while he thinks you might."

Kristen grinned.

"There's bedrooms upstairs," Shane said. "Maybe we should."

"Not yet," Kristen said.

Amber bent over Shane. Kristen couldn't really see. Amber was being subtle, like Kristen had, bending down, barely moving, trying to hide under her own hair.

Kristen still had her hand on Shane's cock, and could feel Amber's lips bump her hand occasionally. She watched, and realized she didn't really care about watching. She wanted to be looked at herself, not see other people fuck.

"Okay," Amber said, and looked at Kristen. Shane was hard.

Kristen leaned over and whispered, "I'm going to fuck you, but if you pull up my dress, if you take out my boob, do anything to let anyone see any of me, I'll slap you so hard you can't think and walk out of here, okay?"

Shane nodded.

Kristen climbed over. Her dress slid up, and she pulled it down, worried. She knelt on his lap, facing away from him, reached backwards, found his cock and held him.

He sighed into her ear.

She pulled her underwear to the side, and sat on him. She was wet, and ready. She pushed down, and he slid all the way inside her. She closed her eyes and sat there for a moment, feeling him inside. Feeling his head, and hardness and how slippery he was.

She could smell herself again, or smell them both. She wasn't sure. She looked around the room, but no-one seemed to have noticed.

She squeezed herself as tight as she could, and he breathed harder like he could feel it. She squeezed, and moved slightly, tried to fuck him as unobtrusively as she could.

Her legs were a little way apart, a little obvious, so she pulled her dress down and held it there with one hand pushed hard between her legs. She'd started doing that to hold her dress in place, clamping it there, but she realized after a moment she was pressing on her clit, and it actually felt quite good.

She fucked him slowly, made herself keep quiet. Amber and her boyfriend watched.

It was hot. Kristen felt powerful, controlling. Shane started fucking up at her, and she squashed down with her hips, said, "Stay still."

He tried to reach her clit, but she pushed him away, said, "I'm doing it."

He kissed her neck instead, and that worked well. Shivering fire tingled down her body.

She looked around the room. She had a stranger's cock inside her, she was fucking him on the sofa, and no-one knew. She liked that secret. She liked the chance that someone might look over, and notice, and tell the whole room.

She liked that the whole room might look at her.

She fucked harder, and started getting close. Shane was trying to grab her again, maybe her tits, not really paying attention. She caught his arm, and held it.

Shane came. She felt the flood of him, felt him spasm inside her, and squeezed herself tight around him. His spurt inside her made Kristen come too. She hadn't meant to, had planned to be the one in control to make sure neither of them made too much noise, but it had been a long time since a stranger came inside her, bareback. She felt him, suddenly, and glanced around and room, and realized that seeing all the people who didn't know what she was doing didn't help with her staying calm, and then she came too.

She was fairly sure she moaned. She was fairly sure she closed her eyes and made an obvious orgasm face. She was fairly she she'd managed to keep her dress over herself while she did, and was glad about that. She was a little embarrassed, as she came down from it, but not so embarrassed she regretted it. She opened her eyes, though, glanced around and made sure no-one was looking.
