 Lori and Stacy have been friends for as long as they could both remember. They lived next door to each other and went to the same school. Stacy turned 18 several months ago and today Lori finally turned 18 today. They were going to celebrate by exploring a certain club they had heard about, but didn't know very much about. They only thing they knew is that you had to be 18 to get in. 

“Are you ready?”, Stacy ask. 

“Yep, My first night as an adult, and I intend to have fun.”, Lori responded. 

Stacy had just walked in and looked very pretty. She has brown hair and lightly tanned skin. The red dress she was wearing was filled by perfect C cup breasts. She gave Lori a look over. She had always liked Lori's golden hair, and thought that the blue mini went very well with it. They both walked down the stairs and drove off in Stacy's green duster. 

The place they drove too was pretty far out. Stacy had originally overheard someone giving instructions to the place over the phone. She had always listened to other conversations and enjoyed knowing more than she was supposed to. They had tried to get in once before, but was only told by the man at the gate that they needed to be 18 to get in. That had sparked both of their curiosity. They had tried to find more about it, by discreetly asking friends, etc. All they ever found was more questions. 

It looked like a large old southern house. It was surrounded by a wall and an iron gate. It was a large white structure with red doors. There was a large strong looking guard who would check your car and ID before you went in. Even though he obviously was capable of handling most anyone, had also had a friendly smile. 

“Evening ladies, Can I see your Ids?”, he asked. 

They agreed and nervously handed them to him. After doing some quick math in him mind, he returned the cards to them and said, “I hope you two enjoy yourselves.” 

They drove in and parked. They went up the stairs and opened the red doors. They looked at each other in anticipation. Stacy was the first to go in. They found themselves in a parlor area. There was a desk a very beautiful woman behind it. She looked up and said, “Hi Girls, come on in.” 

The girls came a little closer, but they were obviously confused and excited at the same time. 

“First time here? Well, I guess I really don't need to ask you questions I already know the answer to.”, the woman said. She stood up and went stood next the to girls. “I assume you know about this place?”, she inquired. Feeling nervous and a little enbarassed they both nodded that in agree some, hoping not to reveal their ignorance. “Well, go right in. I would sit up front if I were you, to get a good view.”, she cheerfully. “Here are your tickets. Have fun!” She handed them a red ticket with a number written on it and sat back down.

The walked through another door into a large dimly lit room. There were couches all facing all facing a barren area of the room. Many people were already there. Most were couples in there 30s a few in there 40s and 50s. There was one group of younger guys and a spattering of singles. All were pleasing to the eye. They decided to take the advise of their hostess and found a couch that was right next too the stage. After a few moments a rather plain looking causation man dressed in a tux holding a microphone walked on to the stage. 

“Here we go. Everyone knows the rules, but I'll review them again. Once the show begins, no one is allowed to leave. Please be considerate of the others around you. If asked to the stage, you must go. Bathrooms and food is located on the sides over there. And please remember to be as open minded as possible, but no one is expected to do something they just don't want to do. Now sit back and enjoy the show”, he explained. He looked at Stacy and Lori sitting in the front row, smiled , and winked at them. 

“I am wonder what all that was about, do you want to stay?”, Lori asked Stacy with a little bit of worry in her voice.

“I do, I'm more curious now than ever. It sounds like some kind of live performance.”, Stacy replied. 

The host brought out a large hat and put in at the center of the stage. Then the hostess that has greeted them in the parlor walked up from behind the stage and spun a wheel with numbers on it. The wheel stopped at 1. Then the lady pulled a ticket from the hat and spoke the number. A red head in her twenties who was sitting with her significant other got up and was walking to the stage. Turned around and looked at the crowd. Some soft music started playing in the background and she began to dance. The girls looked at each other in disbelief. Still not fully aware of what was going on they watched the dance. It was erotic, and then the dancer removed her browse while dancing, next the skirt and finally she was totally nude. The dance had stopped as the redhead began to touch her breasts. They had erect nipples and she was making soft circles with her hands. She sat down and spread her legs, she touched the tip of her clitoris with finger and began rubbing it while circling her breasts. Her moaning increased as she began to climax. After the climax, she picked up her clothes and bowed to the applause as she returned to her partner. 

Stacy and Lori suddenly had a very clear understanding of what went on here. They wanted to leave, but knew they had been told they are not allowed. Another feeling kept them here so. It was extremely exciting, and now they had an excuse to stay. They wanted to see more. Their thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the wheel.

“Five!”, exclaimed the Male host, “That's quite a jump from what we just saw, but they have a tough act to follow.”. He gave the microphone to his partner as she began reading numbers out of the hat. Two men from the group of guys walked up. On was causation and the other very big and black. Two couples were broken up as a blond in her thirties came up on stage and an older man in his 40s stepped up. Lori's eyes got extremely wide as she heard the last number, it was her's. Stacy looked over and saw that her friend had been chosen, she did not know what to think. “Young lady, may I see your ticket?”, asked the host. 

Lori felt quite embarrassed. She was embarrassed at her hesitation, and sudden attention. She wanted to just melt down into her chair, but she couldn't seem to make herself do that. The host held his hand out and she took it. He lead her on to the stage. She looked at her partners. She had never been with anyone before, and had not really fully thought out what was going to happen. Both her and Stacy had been on the pill since they were 16 and she knew that she couldn't get pregnant. 

The music started and she just stood as the three men turned to look at their new conquests. The thirty year old woman looked at the men and said, “I'm Sandy.” 

“Randy.”, replied the 40 year old man. Obviously, quite used to the informal introduction right before show time. 

“Jeff.”, said the causation following Randy's lead. 

“Jim.”, announced the black guy. Looking at both the women like dog forced to sit in front of a butcher shop. 

Lori meekly announced her name to the group. 

Sandy knelt down in front of Randy and unzipped his pants, pulling out his respectable tool. She immediately took it in her mouth. The other two men had their pants off in seconds. Lori, just stared at Sandy working on Randy's cock. 

“Just kneel down, pretty white girl.”, Jim said as he put his hand on Lori's shoulders and guided her down to his semi-erect meat. Lori was shocked at the size, then her nostrils were filled with his musky scent. She closed her eyes as she took his charcoal black penis into her mouth. It was getting harder and harder. “Yes, that's it pretty white girl, just like a pop-cycle. Suck on the tool that I'm going to use to split that pretty white mop of yours.” Lori did not know how to feel hearing these words. She thought she should be mad, but just felt more and more turned on. She was getting wet and more and more excited. She suddenly stopped sucking to turn around and see who was beginning to undress her. It was Randy. Jeff was being pleasured by Sandy now. His hands felt so good, caressing her titties and ass as they removed her clothing. She also glanced out at the crowd. She had forgotten about them as well as Stacy. What would she think as she saw her friend deflowered before her eyes. “This is all you have to worry about now.”, Jim said to as he turned her head back to his waiting cock. She felt a wave of pleasure come over her body as Randy stuck his finger into her went cunt. Then he stopped as he hit her hymen. 

He face changed expression to one of curiosity as he asked he in her ear, “Is this your first time with ... anyone?”. She again stopped servicing Jim and looked over to him and answered, “Yes.” 

“She's a virgin!”, Randy yelled out to the crowd to let everyone know the extra luck that had befallen him. This immediately drew Sandy's attention also. 

“Then I must prepare her for her first.”, Sandy spoke to the other men on the stage. Lori felt more embarrassment, she was getting way too much attention, and now was curious what preparation Sandy was talking about, she just felt horny. Sandy laid her down on the stage. I would have been cold if not for the few blankets scattered around. Lori had never thought of another woman, and the idea was revolting at first, but she was so turned on that almost anything was acceptable to her right now. Sandy's touch was very different than Randy's. It was less rough and more skilled. It touched everything just right. Sandy made her way down to Lori's crouch, first with her fingers, then with her tounge. Lori's body convulsed as her first non-solo organism raged across her body. Sandy knelt up and crept her way toward Lori's face, putting her pussy right on her mouth. Sandy knew that this was a little much for a girl who was doing everything for the first time, but she was feeling very naughty tonight and enjoyed the confused reluctant expression on Lori's face. She knew that she would enjoy the next expression on her face as Jim filled Lori's virgin cunt with his rock hard cock. 

Lori was recovering from her orgasm and was not sure what to do with Sandy. She felt she was being pushed farther than she wanted to go. Before she came here, she had never been with a boy, now she was having lesbian sex in the middle of an orgy. Her thoughts were silenced as she felt something against her vagina. She knew what it was and wanted it inside of her, but she could not believe it would fit and was scared what it was going to do. She closed her eyes, as a wave came over her body again as Jim penetrated her virgin body with his harsh dark member. He went in to her Hyman, stopped, slowly pulled back and broke though, forever taking her virginity. Once through, Jim stopped for a few moments to let her feel his meat filling her vagina. The he began pumping her hot hole very hard. She opened her eyes to see Sandy's snatch waiting to be serviced. She began licking as best she could. The taste of Sandy made her even more excited. 

“Ahhh!”, Jim yelled as he pounded Lori's cunt and shot his thick cum deep inside her. Lori could feel his tool pumping his seed in her young pussy. He withdrew and Sandy got up on all fours and began to suck on Jim's cock. Jeff settled behind her and shoved in his cock. Randy shoved his rod into Lori, being the second guy to give her a fucking. Lori looked up to see Randy and tried to match his thrusts. She felt slutty and enjoyed it. She climaxed a second time before Randy shot his load into her. Jeff had shot off in Sandy pretty quick. They all got up and the music was turned off. Lori could feel the warm juice slowly leak out of her slit. Towels were handed to everyone and they began to clean off. 

Lori looked out at the audience. Her eyes immediately fell on Stacy, looking for approval. Stacy's face showed shock, but also a little smile. 

“What a show!”, announced the host. “Young lady, because this is your first time, not only in the show, but ever, you will stay for the next show. We are going to draw one name. You must both reach an orgasm and then that person will be able to hand pick the act and the next person or persons involved. Don't worry, after your fate has been chosen, you will then get a chance to choose his or her fate. Are you ready?”. 

Lori had enjoyed the sex so far, and she was still very horny, she giggled a little and let out a “sure.” Everyone went back down to their seats and Lori was given a chair to sit on. The barrel was rolled out. Lori's stomach aches in nervousness as she anticipated what would happen to her next. The hostess called out the number, but no one answered. The host looked around in disbelief. Then he recalled the partner that Lori had come in with. As he began to slowly walk toward Stacy, he noticed her discomfort and knew it was her. 

Stacy looked up at Lori and cocked her head as she begrudgingly grinned at Lori. Lori froze and could not believe that it was Stacy. She knew that it could have been another woman, but this never entered her mind. She felt like darting out of the chair toward the door, but she also felt like she had no choice. Stacy walked on to the stage. She was not prepared for this, but she was glad that her first sexual partner was going to be someone she knew. They both looked at each other, the theater was silent until soft music began to play. 

“Lori, Are you...”, but her voice trailed off as Lori touched Stacy's breast making its way to the buttons on her blouse. Lori stared into Stacy's eyes as she undressed her. What at first seemed so strange, she now wanted to happed. After all, Stacy had just seen Lori's first time, it was only fair that she now had a hand in Stacy's first time. The friend's now stood totally naked in front of each other. Lori began to suck on Stacy's nipple and slowly laid her down. Lori's hand worked its way down to Stacy's mound. She cupped it in her hand and rubbed it up and down. Lori began to kneed the mound and slowly make her way down to it. Lori then strattled Stacy's head putting them into a 69 with Lori on top. 

Stacy was feeling very slutty and horny as her best friend was licking her slit. It felt wonderful. She was not sure what to do at first, but then decided that just licking the clitoris with her tongue would be a good start. As Lori positioned her pelvis over her face, she saw the seed of the other men that had just fucked her slowly dripping out. She licked it all, tasting the juices of both sexes. She could her Lori moaning in pleasure and knew that she was giving as well as she was getting. 

The girls licked each other to a climax, Stacy being the first to cum. With the last few cries from Lori, the music slowly stopped and the girls got up after resting for a few moments. 

“That was great!”, the host said over the speaker. “Now, you get to chose each other's fate. Young lady, who are you going to pick for your friend and remember, after she's had hers, she chooses yours.” 

Stacy did not know what to do. She felt empowered, to know that she was going to pick her friend's next lover. She looked out into the audience of about 60 and began looking over the men. Should she chose one, two, should she put Lori into a whole orgy? Stacy has never known that Lori would have liked other woman. Stacy had always been curious about both sexes and now knew that she at least liked woman. She also knew that she like the taste of both. She looked out and saw a nice looking young couple in front, they had both been kissing on each other and the man had already had a nice erection. The woman was a blond with long straight hair that went down her back. She told the host her first choice, and then saw a tall thin looking guy that she just thought was cute and picked him. They all came up to the stage. The couple's names were Eric and Kirsten, while the other guy's name was Steve. Stacy took a chair on the stage and once again watched her friend fuck strangers in front of her. 

Lori was surprised Stacy had chosen 3 other people, she had just been with several others, but was now knew that she was becoming a full fledged slut. Not that it was something she disliked, but Stacy had shown a lot of nerve. Well, not to think about that now, she had some fucking to do. 

Lori and Kirsten looked at each other. Kirsten was several years older than her, at about 23. Eric looked at Lori and was excited to give this girl a good fucking. Steve had come alone, his significant other being sick that evening. Steve and Kirsten paired up leaving Lori and Eric. Kirsten stripped revealing her perfect white skin, flat stomach and blond muff. Steve ripped his clothes off and placed Kirsten on all fours and immediately shoved his cock into her cunt. Eric watched his wife getting fucked for a few moments then turned his attention back to this beautiful specimen of an adult teenager. She was still noticeably nervous, and though her virginity had been taken, he knew there was still one area of her body that a man had not been and he intended to explore it. He had her kneel down in front of him and work on his tool while he undressed. Once undressed her put her on all fours facing his wife and slid his penis into her slick snatch. Lori moaned as he pumped her then he withdrew and moved his meat slowly up to meet her anus. She looked back in confusion but as he slowly began penetrating her ass, a look of reluctant understanding came over her. 

Lori felt the dick slid into her, it hurt, but it also made her feel horny. Steve sighed in pleasure as his rod sank into her ass. As he began rocking it in and out of her, the pain left, but the horny feeling stayed. She turned her head back to look at Kirsten. She was a very beautiful woman. Her eyes were blue and completed her thin face. She made eye contact with her. “You like the ass fucking my husband is giving you?”, she asked. This question made Lori more aware of the animal lust that was on Kirsten's face. She could tell that Kirsten was very horny. Lori just nodded in reply. Lori looked up and saw Steve begin to jerk as he shot off in Kirsten. Kirsten looked at Eric and he immediately pulled out of Lori's ass and rolled her over onto her back. Kirsten turned around and placed her hips over Lori's face. The white fluid of Steve's cum dripped out of Kirsten's hole and into Lori's pretty mouth and down her cheek. Lori swallowed all that she could. Kirsten brought Steve's cock to attention again, and Steve laid down on his back this time. After that she guided Lori to straddle Steve's cock, and she once again had another strange cock in her. Eric positioned himself behind her and began to fill her other hole. Lori was moaning with each thrust as both holes were filled with a man's dick. Kirsten went over to Stacy and gently grabbed her hair. She laid down in a position to watch the fuck sandwich she had just created. She slowly, but firmly placed Stacy's head between her beautiful wet blond cunt. Stacy began to service her second women. Lori looked like she could barely handle the sensation of two men at once filling her. Steve's cum still sat on the side of her mouth. Eric had an iron grip on Lori's slender hips began to increase to an insanely rapid pace as he planted his seed deep in Lori's virgin ass. The feeling of Eric shooting off inside of her drove her over the edge and she clutched Steve, riding the waves of orgasms that overcame her. This set Steve off and he once again shot his load into someone that night. 

The group collapsed on the stage and Stacy was release to go back to her chair. They picked themselves up and everyone except Lori went back to there chair. Lori felt incredibly slutty and sexual. She began to ponder the fucking Stacy would receive. The host came over and she began to whisper in his ear. There was a BIG smile on his face as she began to detail Stacy's fate. Lori walked back to her seat, and began to get clean up. 
