 The Conclusion - In which the postie helps out with a fantasy.

Jen lay there panting, flopped upon me. Her body slick with sweat, her head lolling on my shoulder, and her limbs splayed akimbo. All she could do was utter small gasps as the aftershocks of her orgasm ricocheted around her body. I looked down at Susan and we grinned at each other with the mutual satisfaction of what we had done to this gorgeous petite body. She stood up, and I watched as she slid the dildo from her pussy in front of us – it was slick with her juices. She wandered off and I thought about trying to roll Jens dead weight off me, but Susan returned with three cold beers for us. I gave her a kinda feeling like a massage table here look and she replied with a if you know what's good for you you'll stay right where you are look, so I did, and slugged back half the bottle she handed to me.

Susan finished her beer and finished opening the parcel I had brought, which still lay on the coffee table in front of us. Several times she glanced over her naked shoulder, past the cascading red hair and catch my eye, making sure I was still watching what she was doing. I couldn't have looked away if I tried.

Eventually she had the contents from the box free, and displayed them to me, wordlessly, like a game-show assistant, but sexier, because she was nude, dripping, and arched her brow suggestively. It was a bottle of lube and a double-ended dildo. She opened the lube and dribbled a generous amount onto one end of the dildo. The shiny liquid slowly cascaded down over her fingers as she put the bottle back on the table. Jen had resurfaced now, and was watching her flatmate as intently as I was. She turned her head and, in a hoarse half-whisper, said to me: This is something we've both been waiting for, for a while now...

Susan handed Jen the dildo with a knowing look, biting her lip gently, then turned and slipped one of her lubricated fingers into her arse. Jen used the dildo to apply lube in turn to her clit and my cock, both of which were as erect as they could possibly be. Susan slipped another finger into her rosebud and massaged around in there for a moment before removing them and proffering it to Jen. She reached between her legs and pressed my knees together, so that she could straddle them and move back a little. She reached further back and gave my dick a few strokes with her slippery fingers. Meanwhile, Jen had the dildo pressed against Susan's anus, and ever so slowly it started to disappear into her arse. Her knees buckled slightly but she caught herself and steadied on my knees.

The dildo was crammed into her arse half way when Jen asked; Okay you fucking sexy bitch, you really want to do this? She gripped the exposed end and gave it a twist.

Susan whimpered a little and nodded her head. Mm-hmm.

Ok then, we're ready.

Wait, ready for what?

Shut the fuck up postie, this is OUR fantasy not yours.

Realising I was just along for the ride, so to speak, I let them do their thing. I reached around and started fondling Jen's breasts for want of any other participation.

Susan slowly backed up as Jen guided the free end of the dildo to her own snatch. I felt the warmth of Susan's pussy just above my dick. Jen's other hand shifted to my cock, and guided it to Susan's wetness. Once everything was aligned, Susan pushed, smoothly, slowly, inexorably, onto me and into her housemate until our three pelvises were squished against each other to the hilt.

A three-throated groan escaped us as we settled there together.

Holy fuck Suze, you were right...

M-hmm. Hh...

Hoh, man...

Susan set up a slow grind to our three-way fuck. I found myself mesmerised by the burn of freckles down her arms. She arched her back and gathered up her tumble of hair with her hands behind her head. From my vantage point beneath them both I blissfully admired the nape of her neck, the curved side of her bosom, the sweep of her hips. I watched a bead of sweat trickle it's way down the valley of her spine.

She rolled her hips and started bumping back and forth as she twerked her double penetration fantasy faster. Jen could only Uh! Uh! Ah! Uh! Each time Susan bumped back, thrusting the dildo into her. I fell into the rhythm too, squeezing her nipples each time she grunted.

Susan, her hands back on my knees, took a long slow stroke forward, followed by a sharp slam back, cramming my cock into her snatch and the dildo back into her arse and Jen's pussy.

AAH! We cried as one.

Again she did it; slooooooow out then SLAM in...

Sloooooow out. SLAM! in.

And SLAM! in, CRAM! in, WHAM! IN!

And she PUSHED onto us and she FUCKED us as we both fucked her and we fucked and fucked and FUUUUUUUUCK! all together we came as hard as any of us could.

We stayed there for a while, more just trying to comprehend what had happened than to catch our breath back. Then Susan slowly stood, shlicking off my slackening cock, drawing what looked like metres of dildo from Jen. She eased the other end of the dildo from her arse as gobbets of my come splooged from her pussy and down her inner thigh.

She turned and sat next to us, kissing her nearly comatose housemate long and passionately. Jen sat up, and I realised that I had been gently cupping her boobs during the whole aftermath. She turned over, straddling me once more, and kissed me long and hard.

Thank you postie.

Mark I replied.

Yes, thank you Mark, whispered Susan as she leaned in and nibbled my earlobe.

Then Jen bent down and licked up some of my come from her Susan's thigh and swapped it with her lover in a kiss that made my dick twitch once again...