 Since the beginning of time (or at least the mid 1960s) the campus of Cumberland University has been divided by an intense and deeply wrought rivalry between its two main sorority houses; Sigma and Omega. Nobody quite remembers what incident sparked the conflict, and in the 2010s nobody really cared, all that mattered was that the rivalry existed, and at some point everyone on campus would get dragged into it, whether they wanted to or not. 

Sigma was arguably the more powerful faction, since it won the most accolades and had the wealthiest alumni, although its average GPA trailed behind Omega by quite a bit. Sigma represented the crème de la crème of campus life, and was well connected within the college's administration, although it was resented as much as it was revered. Cheerleaders, olympic athletes, supermodels, sports-stars, and super-sexy trophy wives; these were the stock that made Sigma what it was. Although it wasn't mandatory for its members to be blonde, busty, perky, sexy, bouncy, sporty, pink-clad, sugary, lip-gloss smacking, thong-wearing, privileged, condescending little ritch-bitches, there was a lot of pressure to conform to that standard. Any sister who was perceived to be anything less than a 9 out of 10 on the sexy-scale, or to be dating a loser, was ostracized by the rest of the sorority, and violently hazed. 

Sigma might have been all blonde, and pink, and sweet, and sexy on the outside, deep down Sigma had a heart blacker than the cocks of the basketball players they fucked.

Omega was the night to Sigma's day. A refuge for artists, musicians, feminists, lesbians, goths, emos, otherkin, transexuals, and all types of alternate lifestyles, Sigma welcomed the different and shunned the typical. Sigma House might have been the pinnacle of campus social life, but Omega House still threw the wildest parties, did the most drugs, and probably fucked the most guys. They weren't any nicer than Sigma though. Omega's preoccupation with its alternative identity created a sort of anti-conformity (which was its own kind of conformity) and sisters had to regularly prove how 'progressive' or 'artistic' they were with every escalating stunts, ranging from protests to streaking nude through a church. Omega girls who lost their 'edge' also lost their spot in the house. 

There was no understating it; Sigma and Omega were at war, and after several especially violent episodes in the early 2010s in which several Sigma girls were sold as sex-slaves to a Mexican cartel, and one Omega girl was tied up in the football team's bathroom and used as a urinal for several days, the school simply gave up on trying to police the powerful sisterhoods, and it abandoned the campus to become a warzone.

For most of the month of April things had been rather peaceful though. There had been a few fights in the hallways, and a few lesbian gang-rapes, but nothing as bad as the 'eggnog incident' of December, in which Omega House replaced the eggnog at Sigma's Christmas party with horse-semen, and in retaliation, several Sigma girls dragged a recent Omega pledge into their basement and forced her to drink most of it. Nothing as bad as that. 

It was only a matter of time before things boiled back up though, the school's staff understood, none better than Penelope Pembroke, Cumberland's professor of advanced biology and chemical engineering. As she taught her lecture on one warm, sunny Tuesday afternoon, her eyes kept darting to the one Omega girl and one Sigma girl she had in her fourth-period class. The two girls sat at either side of the room, and they were just two buxom bodies amongst her fifty or so students, but the tension between them was palpable. Like electrons building up before a lighting strike, Professor Pembroke could feel their hatred for each other.

Penelope Pembroke was not what most people would have expected a scientist to look like. She was tall, busty, gorgeous, blonde, blue-eyed, elegantly poised but with an erotic swagger that she had retained from her one rebellious summer as a nineteen year old spent stripping in an exclusive Las Vegas club. She had only done it for the thrills. Penelope was a wealthy woman from a well-regarded family, and she was also a Sigma alum. Like most Sigma girls, Penelope exuded a image of wholesome American beauty, but deep down she was a raging party-slut.

"Pheromones are a secreted chemical that triggers a social response from members of the same species, and although they serve many different functions for many different species, the ones we will be focussing on are those used for facilitating sexual reproduction," Professor Pembroke lectured as she began her presentation. 

Pembroke was paying special attention to her Sigma student, and not just because the bouncing little bimbo was a delicious piece of lesbian eye-candy, but because Pembroke was Sigma herself, and she wanted (just once) for her House to get a better GPA than Omega. Unfortunately for Pembroke, her Sigma student was the stupidest little slut to sit in a semester of school. There was no way this particular big-breasted little dumbass made it into Advanced Biology without sucking a lot of cock and eating a ton of pussy. 

Sigourney Maddison was the blondest, pinkest, bubbliest, perkiest, most fuckable piece of human bubblegum that Pembroke had ever encountered, and although sexy little Sigourney did make Pembroke's mouth water with forbidden lesbian lust, Pembroke had also never been so exasperatingly annoyed with anyone so fucking airheaded ever before. Sigourney was the kind of girl who dotted the letter 'i' in her name with a little heart, and literally thought the term 'oral exam' meant giving your teacher a blowjob for a good grade. The only reason such a certifiable retard like her even got into Cumberland University was that she was a champion pole-vaulter, and was probably going to win a gold medal one day. 

"Although sexual pheromones have never been proven to play a role in human interaction, there are a number of axillary steroids that have been linked to correlations in sexual attraction. Can anyone name them for me?"

Pembroke waited for someone to raise their hand, hoping that Sigourney would answer. Sigourney was busy giving the basketball player sitting next to her a handjob though, and since his big black cock took up both of her hands, she probably wasn't going to answer. 

Instead the Omega girl raised her hand. 

"(Sigh) . . . Go ahead, Miss Gaines."

"Androstenal, Androstenone, and Adrostadienone," Oleandra Gaines answered correctly without even looking at her notes. 

"(Sigh) . . . Very good, Miss Gaines. As always."

Oleandra Gaines was such an Omega girl that she was almost a stereotype. Pale white skin, thick black mascara, purple eye-shadow, leather boots, ripped up shirt, visible bra, fishnet stockings, latex booty-shorts, black choker, and short black hair. Oleandra was gorgeous as well, as many Omega girls were, and despite her bookish intelligence Oleandra had a rocking body, a badass heavy-metal attitude, and clearly pierced nipples that showed through her shirt. 

Pembroke hated Oleandra Gaines, just as she hated all of Omega House, but being a teacher at the school meant she could not longer participate in the tribal warfare that had consumed her formative years. She wanted to give Oleandra and 'F' and force her into humiliating prostitution just to earn a 'C,' but Pembroke's hands were tied. 

"Dammit, Tyrese. You're, like, totally getting all your sticky pheromones on me," Sigourney loudly whispered to the basketball player she was giving the two-fisted handjob to. 

Tyrese was biting his lip and sweating profusely, trying his best to remain in control of his ten-inch cum-cannon, but Sigourney's little hands danced over his shaft and helmet like nasty fuck-faeries, and when she began playing with his balls it was all over. Tyrese grunted loudly and began to ejaculate, sending thick ropes of viscous semen flying up onto Sigourney's exposed cleavage, frosting them like cupcakes, and one pump went high enough to smack the bottom of her cute chin. The rest of his substantial nut oozed down his shaft and onto Sigourney wrists, which didn't stop her from pumping the big black anaconda until she had milked it for every last drop. 

Pembroke continued with her lecture and tried her best to ignore Sigourney licking her fingers clean of all the sticky semen, but it wasn't as if anyone in the class was confused about what was happening. All fifty students had been perfectly aware of what was happening since the moment Sigourney shoved her hands down Tyrese's shorts and pulled out his mammoth appendage. No one said or did anything though because no one fucked with Sigma, even if Sigma fucked with you. 

A half-hour later class ended, and the students all filed out, last of which being Oleandra and Sigourney (who was still cleaning cement-like cum from her jutting cleavage). As Oleandra walked by Tyrese's seat she used her black-painted nails to scrape up a huge load of semen that had pooled there, and she shoved it onto Sigourney's face. 

"Here, bitch. You missed some," Oleandra said with a disgusted sneer as she rubbed the thick baby-batter all over Sigourney's eyes and lips. Oleandra even shoved two of her fingers into Sigourney's mouth, and pushed them do deep that Sigourney began to gag on them. Oleandra didn't withdraw her fingers until they were dripping with drool, and she slapped Sigourney across the face with them. 

"Fucking disgusting little whore. That's all you are," Oleandra hissed, wiped her hand clean with Sigourney's blonde hair, and strutted out of the classroom with so much swagger it made Pembroke dizzy to watch. 

Now it was just Professor Pembroke and cum-covered Sigourney left in the classroom. Sigourney began to cry, her tears coming up in little burps like a spoiled baby. 

"Miss Maddison . . . are you alright," Pembroke asked, pretending to have not seen what happened. Teachers weren't supposed to get involved in the war. They had to remain neutral to minimize the damage. 

"Noooooo," Sigourney cried. "Oleandra is such a bitch! She's so mean to me! She's in, like, totally all of my classes, and her grades are all better than mine, even though I work really hard having sex with all the professors, even Professor Ridge, who ties me up and whips me with a riding crop! Oleandra calls me names, like 'stupid', and 'dumb', and 'incomp-incomp-incomp' . . ."

"Incompetent?"

"WAAAAAAAAA!" Sigourney wailed so hard her tits bounced out of her tiny top, and Pembroke had to resist the urge to lean over and bite her student's pretty pink nipples. They looked like candy. 

Pembroke bit her lip and nervously looked around. They were alone.

"Sigourney, sweetheart, baby-cakes, calm down. I know a way to get back at that mean Omega bitch AND tutor you in biology so your grades get better."

Sigourney choked back a sob. "But . . . Professor Pembroke, you're a teacher. Teachers can't get involved in the war. That's, like . . . totally a rule or something." 

Pembroke bent over the desk to get her face closer to Sigourney's, and in doing so filled her student's field of vision with a vast expanse of cleavage. Pembroke was stacked like she was smuggling watermelons, and she knew how hypnotic her big tits were on horny youngsters. 

"Sigourney, baby. I'm Sigma too. Sigma is for life. You know that. So I won't really be breaking the treaty if I only get involved a little bit, right?"

"Um . . . I guess."

"And you want my help getting back and that nasty bitch, don't you?"

". . . Yeah."

"Okay. Well . . . I want to help you, baby. But you have to help me too," Pembroke said while thrusting her breasts into Sigourney's face.

"What do you want from me?"

Pembroke smiled like a cat. "That depends. Can you eat pussy as well as you stroke cock?"

Sigourney smiled as she finally understood. "No . . . I can do it better!"

#

"OH GOD! Holy Shit! Mmmm! Mmmm! You little slut! SO GOOD!" the normally composed Professor Pembroke squealed and moaned as she spasmed across her desk, her legs splayed wide open, and her clothes half-stripped off of her voluptuous body. "I . . . I . . . Oh God Sigourney . . . You're making me CUM!"

"You can call me Siggy, Professor Pembroke," the ditsy little slut said as she came up from the older woman's squirting pussy. "All my sisters do."

"DON'T STOP YOU FUCKING SLUT!" Pembroke screamed as she grabbed the back of Sigourney's head and slammed the little fuck-toy's face back into the swollen lips of her twitching vulva. Pembroke's pink clit was so swollen and erect that it looked like a little baby penis, and it popped into Sigourney's mouth even as the Sigma slut shoved her tongue back up into Pembroke's g-spot. 

"CUMMING!" Pembroke wailed as she spasmed on her desk. Her large breasts bounced out of the tiny restraints of her bra, and Sigourney reached up to twist one of her professor's ruby red nipples. Pembroke climaxed so hard that tears rolled down her upturned face, leaving trails of mascara traced over her forehead. A nuclear bomb was going off deep in her pussy, and it was erupting all over Sigourney's adorable little slut-face. 

"Oh . . . shit," Pembroke gasped as she finally came down from her violently sexual high. Her body went limp across her desk, and her squirting orgasm became a loud drip-drip-drip onto the floor of her office. 

Sigourney snickered to herself as she smacked her lips and swallowed the cum in her mouth. Her shirt was soaked with Pembroke's pussy-water, and her nipples showed through. She wasn't wearing a bra, her tits were so perky and tight she didn't need one. 

"That had to have earned me at least a B+," Sigourney said as Pembroke struggled back to full consciousness. "All the girls in the Sigma House say I'm the best pussy-eater on campus."

"Holy shit . . . You are . . . That was intense . . . But you still want to get one over on that Omega bitch . . . Don't you?" Pembroke asked as she got back to her feet. One of her high-heels had flown off during her orgasm and she couldn't find it. Her skirt was dangling off one ankle, and her skimpy thong-panties were bunched up to the side, completely soaked with squirt. Her tits were still heaving so much that she couldn't get them back into her tight bra, so she just let them hang out. 

"Oh fuck yeah!" Sigourney giggled. "Pranking Omegas is the only way I can advance higher in my House's hierarchy. I've gotten as high as you can get just by fucking people."

"Good. I've got something to show you. It's my doctoral project." 

#

Pembroke stripped down to just her panties and bra and led Sigourney into the next room; Pembroke's lab. There the beautiful professor showed the dumb slut several vials of a viscous liquid with a hazmat warning label. Pembroke tried to explain to Sigourney that the liquid was a refined and potent form of artificial pheromone, derived from the musk of several large mammals, like gorillas and elephants. Pembroke tried to explain how the pheromones worked on a biological level, but Sigourney barely understood what 'biological' meant, so Pembroke just patted the dummy on the head and made it simple. 

"Get this goo onto that Omega bitch somehow, sit back, and watch her get fucked. But first . . . I want a taste of you, sweetie."

Pembroke pulled Sigourney's top off, pushed her to the floor, and the two fucked wildly for over three hours.

#

Oleandra Gaines emerged from the showers enveloped in a cloud of steam. She had just finished a particularly grueling workout session and had returned to the school lockers soaked with sweat and feeling very horny. Normally Oleandra liked to shower back at Omega House since she was more comfortable there, and she could find someone to lez-out with, but she was way too rank to put her clothes back on, and the lockers were more-or-less neutral territory between the Sigmas and Omegas. 

Oleandra strutted through the locker-room buck naked, except for the piercings in her nipples. Oleandra was proud of her body and considered herself something of a nudist anyway, but strutting nude around the other girls was also something of a display of dominance. Omegas didn't have the reputation for being super athletic fitness-Nazis like the Sigmas did, so it was good to remind the neutral girls that Omegas had rocking bods as well. 

When Oleandra got back to her locker she had a brief moment of concern. She was certain that she had tucked her panties away into her bag beneath her books, but her tiny black thong was now sitting on top of her books, and looked a little wet. Oleandra shrugged it off, figuring she just forgot. She was pretty horny, and that fucked with her mind. 

Oleandra slipped her panties on while considering how she could get off. She had regular fuck-sessions with the art teachers. Her sister's back at Omega were always down to fuck. She had an entire arsenal of sex-toys back in her room. But . . . Oleandra was feeling kind of bold, and she kind of wanted some cock all of the sudden. 

She finished getting dressed (latex and fishnets and all) and strutted back into the hallway, right where the girls' lockers met the boys. 

Oleandra moaned sexually at the sight of the boys. Big, handsome, muscular, playful boys. A few of them were laughing and horsing around near the gateway to their showers, some wearing nothing but their tight speedos, which bulged obscenely with their healthy manhoods. 

Oleandra knew they were off limits, but she looked anyway. These boys were from the swim-team. They were jocks. Sigma owned the jocks. Everyone knew that. These boys were studs in the Sigma stables, and Omega girls didn't get to ride them. 

Oleandra groaned in disappointment as she walked past them, feeling herself getting hornier by the minute. She'd have to race home and impale herself on her biggest virbrator to get off. 

"Whoa . . . Hey . . . Wha- . . . Wait up a sec," one of the speedo-clad jocks stuttered as Oleandra sauntered by.

Oleandra turned on her heels and gave him a bitchy look. Jocks weren't even supposed to talk to Omegas. This big sexy hunk was way out of line. 

"Can I help you, meathead?" Oleandra asked, biting her lip as her eyes got lost in his endless abs. 

"I just . . . It's like . . . Whoa . . . Like butterflies in my stomach and shit . . . And . . . I um . . . What's your name?"

Oleandra rolled her eyes and tried to act nonchalant, but there was fire growing in her panties. A big wet fire. It didn't help that the dumb hunk was a foot taller than her, and his shoulders were broader than her entire body. Oleandra was 90% lesbian, but the 10% of her that wasn't was absolutely horny for big handsome studs.

"Oleandra. It's Oleandra Gaines. And hey . . . Aren't you Tommy Jacobs . . . The swim-team captain?"

"Uh . . . Yeah. Pretty cool, right? Chicks dig athletes, right?"

Oleandra tried not to smile. "Oh yeah. We dig them big-time," She said sarcastically. "And aren't you Beverly Bush's boyfriend. Beverly Bush, of Sigma House? The supermodel?"

Tommy shrugged and his big handsome face looked confused. "Um . . . Yeah . . . Beverly and I have been going steady since high-school . . . But like . . . You just walked by and I don't get how-"

"Look stud, I'm going to walk away, alright? We should not be talking to each other. Beverly's an alpha-bitch in Sigma House and I don't want to get both of us in trouble. See you later, boy, I'm-"

"NO!" 

Tommy suddenly became more forceful, more primal, and he grabbed Oleandra's waist and pulled her into him. Her firm breasts were crushed against his rock-hard chest, and one of his powerful hands grabbed her big tight ass. He lifted her to her tippy-toes, and shoved his tongue so deep into her mouth that it punched her tonsils. 
