 How was I supposed to concentrate on my job as a sideline reporter? Saturday morning prior to the game, Randy the hung black defensive back had called to set up our date with Maria the hot black cheerleader. It was agreed that they would come over to my house after the game and he made it very clear that there would literally be a get together. He said Maria was really looking forward to meeting me and getting up close and personal. I was to order a couple of pizzas and they would bring some wine and a change of clothes since they were planning on staying the rest of the weekend.

Now here I was at the game with the objects of my lust in close proximity. Randy in his tight uniform covering what I knew to be a hot body with perhaps the biggest cock I had ever seen. It was dark chocolate with a fat milk chocolate head---a chocoholic's dream. I had no problem remembering my encounter with Randy in the locker room. I recalled his movie star handsome face and his world class cock as he had fucked me. He was at times extremely gentle as he allowed my pussy to accommodate his size, while at other times he rapidly stroked his rock hard erection into my well filled cunt. 

Then there was Maria the gorgeous black cheerleader with those sultry lips and fabulous dark green bedroom eyes. She was wearing a short dark green skirt with tight panties underneath. She had to adjust her panties frequently as they keep threatening to slide completely into her very visible camel toe. Her milk chocolate body along with her dark green costume, that matched her eyes, was absolutely breathtaking. I am sure that she was the object of more than one fan's fantasy, both male and female.

It was all I could do to stay focused on my reporter's job. I purposely tried to stay as far away from both of them as possible. There were however times when my job required that I be near to one or both of them. Of course it didn't help that whenever Randy caught my eye he would wink and casually adjust his crotch. When Maria saw me looking she would smile wickedly and lick her lips. I could swear that on one occasion when we were very close, she mouthed "I want to eat your pussy."

This was going to be the longest football game on record. I vowed that if I ever got through this ordeal and got them at my house, I would show them what teasing was like. Fortunately I had another pair of panties in my purse so that I was able change them in the restroom. The ones I removed were so soaked that I could wring them out in the sink.

I probably imagined having sex with both Randy and Maria separately and together several times. I made up one hot scenario after another with each one hotter than the last. On several occasions the play by play announcers had to bring me back to reality.

Somehow I survived until the end of the game and wrapped up my post games duties as quickly as possible. I needed to get home and prepare for our date at 8 pm. 

As soon as I got home I took a hot shower, washing my hair, shaving my legs and my pussy. I made sure to trim the dark red landing strip that pointed the way to the promise land. I used a hand mirror to inspect my work. That was a mistake. My slick naked twat looked so hot that I just had to touch it. It was so smooth, soft and wet that before I knew it I had several fingers inside me. I knew I had to finish getting ready so I reluctantly withdrew my fingers. I had to be content for now with licking my juices from my fingers. I loved the taste of pussy, hopefully I'll soon taste Maria's.

I dried my hair and carefully selected my clothes. I decided on my favorite lacy black nippless bra. I loved wearing it as it made my already sensitive nipples even more aroused. I selected a pale green dress that clung to my body in all the right places. No panties would be necessary because I knew they wouldn't stay dry for long in my highly aroused state.

I carefully applied a little blush to my cheeks and selected a blue-green eye shadow to highlight my eyes. I applied a hot red lip color which I carefully outlined with a darker red. I sprayed my favorite perfume in all the right places. I surveyed the results in the mirror and decided that I had achieved my desired goal. I wanted to appear so desirable when they arrived that I would get back at them for teasing me all during the game. I'll have to say I looked HOT! It was all I could do to resist masturbating right then.

I ordered two pizzas and got out some nice wine classes. By now it was close to 8 so I expected that they would arrive shortly. Everything was ready for what I hoped would be a memorable evening and if all went well, the rest of the weekend. I had never had a threesome with a guy and a girl only with two guys. Also, I had never tasted chocolate tits or pussy, I couldn't wait.

When the bell rang, I eagerly opened the door and there stood the two people I had been lusting over for what seemed like days. Maria was wearing a pale yellow dress that looked like it had been painted on her milk chocolate body. She had her cold black hair falling down at just above shoulder length. She had on a luscious shade of hot pink lip color. She wore open toed sandals with painted toenails in the same hot pink color. On her wrist she wore a beautiful jade bracelet that matched her sultry bedroom eyes. Her beautifully manicured nails were painted to match her lip color. She smelled wonderful and looked incredibly SEXY!!

Randy stood next to her wearing a pair of tight tan slacks that advertised the fact that he was packing more than his wallet in his pants. He apparently was not wearing any underwear as his cock was outlined as it lay against his leg. I wanted to reach out and stroke his huge member. His off-white silk shirt was only partly buttoned showing off his well defined chest. What an absolutely gorgeous guy. He was every girl's wet dream. 

I thought to myself, Oh shirt here I was dressed to the nines and they show up dressed so hot that it was completely off the scale.

I said "Hi hot stuff" to Randy and he introduced me to Maria. I gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and was about to do the same to Maria.

"Hold on Peggy" Maria said, "A little peck on the cheek from someone as hot as you is not going to get it. I have been watching you on the sideline for weeks. Randy tells me you have a killer body and seeing you up close confirms that fact. I am going to kiss you now and taste your lovely lips. The way you have them outlined in a darker red is very very sexy."

I wasn't going to object, I had been dreaming about this all day. She pressed forward pushing her body tightly against me and kissed me directly on my mouth. The tip of her tongue pushed its way into my mouth. This was way more than just a friendly hello kiss leaving no doubt in either of our minds that this was just a wine and pizza party.

"Wow, is that how you greet everyone? Let me taste some of your hot chocolate sugar." I said as I held her against me and returned the kiss including thrusting my tongue deeply into her mouth past her luscious full lips. She tasted wonderful and felt even better as I grasped her tight butt with both hands. I couldn't feel any panties and assumed she wasn't wearing any.

Randy said, "Wait a minute ladies, as much as it turns me on to see you two making out, we have the rest of the evening and the balance of the weekend. Right now we need to relax, have a glass of wine and some pizza."

Reluctantly we parted but not before Maria had grabbed my ass and we had both had verified that each others tits were as inviting as they appeared. There surely wasn't a dry pussy in the room.

The pizza arrived just about then and we retired to my eat-in kitchen to enjoy several glasses of wine and several slices of pizza. We placed the left over pizza in the fridge to be reheated later or eaten cold if one preferred. There was a certain amount of small talk with some quite specific sexual overtones, like that looks like some nice sausage or I would like a piece of that. 

We made our way into the living room where Randy suggested that Maria and I sit on the sofa while he got the recliner across from us. It was apparent that he was hoping for some more girl on girl action like what had occurred at the front entrance. There was no objection from us girls, on the contrary both of us were anxious to resume.

We had quickly realized that we were both extremely turned on by each other. We began by gently caressing each other faces, running our fingers and tongues over our full sensuous lips. We kissed each other's face and neck. Maria whispered to me. "Let's give him a real show, just follow my lead."

I smiled and nodded my head. She indicated for me to unzip her dress and then quickly pulled it over her head. All she had on was a lacy pale yellow bra enclosing a pair of breasts that didn't appear to need any support. I was correct in my belief that she wasn't wearing any panties.

She unzipped me and I pulled my dress off exposing my lacy black nippless bra with my very aroused one inch long pink nipples proudly poking out. I heard Maria gasp as she exclaimed, "Oh my God, that is so hot!! When you wear that bra do you have trouble keeping your hands off your tits? I have to suck on those puppies right now!!" With that statement she was all over my tits, first sucking each nipple before she unclasped my bra, massaged my breasts and licked and kissed them all over. 

Of course it didn't take me long to release Maria's tits from confinement. I was right, her bra was more for window dressing than support. Her tits had no sag; rather they proudly stuck out with the nipples turned up like early teen tits, which they definitely were not. They were a solid B-cup shaped like the training bra size. Sucking on them I was able to get the nipple and the whole areola in my mouth at the same time. This really was a chocolate lovers dream. I could have sucked on them forever.

I was so glad that I was open to sexual exploration with either sex. There is something about a hot woman that is so appealing. Guys might have hard bodies and stiff pricks but gals have their soft lips, their lovely breasts and sweet pussies. I wouldn't want to just limit myself to just one or the other, I need both.

Poor Randy, he was sitting across from us watching two hot chicks that were all over each other. We could see that he had discarded his slacks freeing his cock which was rapidly gaining maximum size. He watched as we kissed and sucked each others tits, had our hands between each others legs rubbing our aroused cunts. We were using the one handed two fingered approach, one finger in a pussy while another was probing a rosebud.

Soon we were lying down on the sofa with our head at opposite ends so that we could kiss and tongue each others pussy. I was finally getting to taste dark meat. It was so sweet and juicy and surprisingly pink inside. I could lick and nibble on her clit and shove my tongue deep into her cunt lapping up the sweet nectar.

Maria winked at me and said loud enough for Randy to hear "Look at that poor guy, all he has to play with is that black snake that once in a while squirts out some milky liquid and then goes limp. We have these beautiful cunts with two pairs of lips and our own little very sensitive mini dicks called clits. We get to stick our fingers or tongues into our sweet holes and can have many orgasms. Don't you feel sorry for him?"

I took the bait and replied, "You're right girls have it all over guys when it comes to sex. We smell better; generally have prettier more sensuous mouths and better grooming. We are much more accepting of sexual contact between females than men are accepting of sexual contact between males. Most men enjoy and are aroused by seeing two women kissing and hugging. How many guys who are not gay do you see kissing other guys? We also generally have more appealing and shapelier bodies with two well defined sexual areas."

Maria replied, "Yea but once in a while I feel sorry enough for a guy to let them stick their snake into my cunt. I never tell them that I probably enjoy it more than they do." 

Randy would probably make us pay for our little game but right now we were having fun. I am sure that we will both beg him to fuck us with his big cock before the night is over.

It wasn't long before we both had several orgasms. We noticed that Randy's prick had erupted sending several loads of thick cream over his taut stomach. Not wanting this to go to waste we got up off the sofa and went over to him. We both bent down and took turns licking up the cream and cleaning up his cock and balls. We both also took turns kissing him and each other, sharing the mixture of our fluids.

We were all in need of a time-out. It was certainly not half-time, hopefully just some time in the first quarter. We collapsed on the sofa from the physical and emotional exhaustion. A glass of wine helped us to recover enough so that we soon decided to adjourn to my bedroom.

Gathering up all our clothes, which we had long ago removed, we made our way down the hall. Maria brought along a small suitcase which I assumed contained their clothing and toilet articles. I found out later that Maria had also packed a few surprises.

Even though our living room session had been intense, we were all still in quite an aroused state. The three of us laid down on my king sized bed. Randy was in the middle. Think thorn between two roses except that the thorn was rapidly becoming more like a tree. The sight of his growing member soon had Maria and I fighting over who could suck and lick his cock. We wound up swapping it between us.

I beat Maria in rock, paper, scissors to win the right to fuck Randy first. I put a pillow under my ass to raise it up. I spread my legs so that he could knell between them. Not to be left out, Maria kissed and tongued my pussy to get it good and juicy. She helped Randy line up his now fully aroused prick with my cunt. I could see all of this in the mirror over my dresser. His dick was enormous. Its milk chocolate head was knocking at the entrance of my pussy. Pre-cum glistened on the head and spread to my pussy lips.

With Maria's hand wrapped around guiding it, he pushed his cock into me. This time I could see as well as feel it as he was able to get the bulbous head past my inner lips. My pussy's lips closed tightly around the shaft as I watched in the mirror. Slowly he pushed into me as I helped by thrusting my ass upward. Maria still had her hand on his shaft, stroking it as he entered me. She caressed his large ball sac with her tongue and sucked on his nuts. She slowly pushed a finger into his ass.

"Oh, that feels so good." Randy exclaimed. 

"Wait just a minute, I be right back with something that feel really really good." Maria purred.

In a few moments she was back with a very realistic black strap-on cock around her thighs. She got back on the bed and liberally applied lubricant in and around Randy's rosebud. Then she slowly entered him with her dick. Randy was soon moaning with pleasure from her assault. As she slowly fucked him he thrust his cock into me. He was between us like the meat in a sandwich. 

The feeling was incredible and being able to see us in the mirror added to the overall sensation. We built up a rhythm so that Maria and Randy were thrusting in or drawing out at the same time. Maria's thrusts added to Randy's so that he drove his cock ever deeper into me. I don't know how I took that much of his big prick but at the time I didn't care because it felt so good. When Randy finally came it seemed like a flood. I doubt that he had ever come in that quantity before.

Exhausted, Maria and Randy withdrew and we all collapsed in a heap on the bed. If we were to survive thru the rest of the weekend we had to take some time off. We decided to order some Chinese to refuel. After eating it was definitely time for a nap.

I awoke several hours later to see Maria slowly lowering herself down on Randy's stiff cock. I watched fascinated as he entered her. I saw the lips of her cunt as they folded back and forth on his shaft as it plunged it in and out. I had never before been able to witness firsthand the mechanics of fucking. Can you earn a degree in this area? One could advertise themselves as a Certified Fucker.

When they finished, I eagerly sucked out all of Randy's cum from Maria's pussy and cleaned up his dick. I kissed both of them passionately sharing fluids with them and thanking them for the show.

Later when Randy had fallen asleep, Maria tapped me on the shoulder and whispered "Let me show you how to use the strap-on." She put it around my thighs and adjusted it. I was surprised how good it felt to have my very own cock.

I slipped into bed and got into a spooning position behind Randy's who was sleeping on his side. I slowly pushed my well lubricated cock into his ass. As I entered him he began pushing back encouraging me to give him more. I don't know if he was asleep or awake, either way he seemed to be enjoying it, I know I certainly was. Thrusting into him caused pressure on my clit by the harness so that I came several times as I was fucking him.

By the time Sunday evening came and Randy and Maria were getting ready to leave, we had tried just about every combination of two females and one male that we could come up with. We all agreed that we had to do this again sometime soon.