 "Drink then?" Steve asked for the third time. 

"Mmmm," came the semi-conscious reply. He was bored, thirsty, and bored. He got off his sun lounger and wandered off to the bar at the other side of the pool, grabbing an eyeful of the blonde in the black bikini, as he walked past, from behind the cover of his shades.

Unbeknown to him the blonde had watched his departure from behind her own shades. She had chosen a spot in the sun next to this nice British couple on purpose - they looked like fun. Unbeknown to Trixie, who was half-asleep as she baked in the sun, Steve had gone to the bar to get a round of drinks. Amid the noise of the water polo game that the holiday reps had organised, she hadn't heard a word Steve had said in the past 15 minutes. Everyone was watching the raucous sport in the pool, except the blonde next door...

The heat was making Trixie horny – relentless sun always did, and Steve was lucky to get some of the best siestas Spain had ever seen when Trix had done four or five hours by the pool. It was nearing that time now and beads of sweat had formed again on her neck, on the base of her back, between her thighs. As one trickled from her forehead down her nose as she lay face-down on the lounger, eyes shut, she suddenly realised it had been nearly an hour since she last had her sun cream reapplied by her husband. She reached down for the bottle on the floor and held it out. "Steve," she mumbled into her other arm. "Rub me baby..."

Steve was choosing cocktails 50 yards away. But the blonde had been watching Trixie, had studied her back and her ass and the slight glimpse of the side of her breast, glistening in the sun. The blonde looked round quickly - no one was watching, everyone was transfixed by the idiots in the pool - and skipped around Steve's lounger to take the bottle from Trixie's hand. As she opened it and squeezed out a large helping of cream, Trixie put both arms above her head and turned her head the other way, letting out a small sigh as she anticipated another cooling, relaxing rub-down.

The blonde transferred some cream to her other hand, ensuring a good coating on both, and lifted her leg over Trixie so that she was straddling above her. She placed both hands either side of Trixie's spine, midway up her back, and pushed up slowly, then down, up again right to the shoulders and over them, squeezing the neck. Trixie, who was of course topless, moaned - the blonde smiled. She massaged Trixie's back slowly and deliberately, straying on to the upper arms and along the sides, just skirting the outline of her breasts, methodically pressing sun cream into her bronzed skin.

The blonde reached for the lotion bottle again, squeezed some into her hand and left a line of cream along the top of Trixie's bikini bottoms. She returned to the back, massaging in slow circles and venturing further down the sides so that she caught the side of Trixie's tits. At this point Trixie felt a hefty nail drag across her and opened her eyes. She peered up out of the corner of her eye and saw the gorgeous leggy blonde rubbing lotion into her, smiling down at her. Oh my God, she thought, is Steve watching? This is great!

The blonde gradually got more physical with her contact on Trixie's breasts, almost squeezing them as her hands went down the side. Both girls were getting wet, oblivious to the noise around them. The blonde's hands moved down to the trail of lotion she had left along the edge of Trixie's bikini. She ran her hand along it and made sure that her fingers ventured under the elastic of the black thong. Trixie sighed to let her companion know this was a good place to touch. The blonde used both hands to massage the base of the spine and her hands each strayed round Trixie's waist and round her front, simultaneously going back under the elastic.

Trixie instinctively lifted her pelvis from the lounger, and the blonde's right hand darted further down, seeking out Trixie's moist slit and coating her finger in the hot sweat and juices that were already beginning to flow. The masseuse leant forward on her left hand, legs coming up on to the lounger, her crotch lightly touching Trixie's raised ass. Trixie groaned as the blonde's long fingers drew back up along her sweaty lips to find her clit, and her nails scraped lightly around it. The blonde now pressed her crotch hard against Trixie and rocked, pulling Trixie up so that there was pressure against her own clit. 

Trixie pushed upwards to aid her partner's pleasure, her bikini bottoms being slowly tugged down her ass. The blonde's fingers were running up and down her cunt, teasing her clit then delving back down into the hot depths of her sweaty pussy. Her left hand had worked its way under Trixie's breast and Trixie began moving slightly against it, enjoying the feel of a woman's slender hand against her engorged nipple.

"Ahem." It was Steve. Trixie opened her eyes to see him standing there with two bright red drinks and a hard-on. "Nice show girls, but shall we take it up to the room before the water polo finishes?" He disappeared with the drinks in the direction of their room. 

The blonde's hands were still tight against Trixie's erogenous zones, frozen as if waiting for the command to continue. "Room 34," whispered Trixie as she climbed off the lounger and turned to face her new catch. She was a gorgeous, tall blonde, long hair tied back in a ponytail, very feminine, sexy mouth and a hot body. "I'll see you up there?" Trixie asked. The blonde nodded and turned to collect her things. Trixie just galloped up to the room.

Steve had cleaned up a bit of their mess, tidied the bed. She threw herself on him and thrust her tongue straight down his throat. She reached down to feel how stiff the sight downstairs had made him. "Heat made you horny again?" she asked with a smile, and jumped on the bed, laying sprawled ready for some action. A knock at the door. Steve adjusted himself so that he didn't look quite so obvious, and went to let in the blonde.

"Hi," he said. She just smiled and padded into the room, looking for Trixie. "What's your name?" asked Steve. 

"Maria," she replied, turning to him. "You want to watch your wife and I make love?"

Steve sat down in the corner of the room as Maria climbed on to the bed and prowled above a transfixed Trixie. She kissed each of Trixie's thighs, kissed her belly, gave lingering tongue-hungry kisses to each of her nipples, moved slowly up to her neck with the tip of her tongue, and moved with gentle kisses to Trixie's mouth. As they kissed for the first time, Trixie drew her hand round Maria's back feeling her own smooth skin for the first time. The kiss was soft and tender and Trixie was first to let her tongue play a part, sneaking into Maria's open mouth and getting the desired response.

The kiss had Trixie's heart pounding and her pussy dripping. She subconsciously opened her legs and one of her knees bumped Maria's leg as if to draw attention. Maria, though, sat upright, straddling Trixie on the bed, and reached across to the bedside table for a bottle of baby oil she had spotted. She poured a copious amount down the middle of Trixie's chest and belly. Then, with a wicked grin, tossed the bottle over to Steve. She began rubbing the oil into Trixie paying inevitable attention to her tits, taking great glee in the squelching she was able to induce as she massaged the oil around Trixie's boobs. She drew her hands behind her to unfasten her own top – her eyes firmly on Trixie as she watched from beneath - and slowly and methodically ran her hands around her own breasts, coating them in oil and taking her time around the pert chest, covering them in the shiny liquid before using her slick fingers to squeeze her own nipples.

She leant forward and kissed Trixie full on the lips again, letting her oiled breasts glide over Trixie's, letting her nipples encourage Trixie's to grow as hard. She sat back slightly, and reached for Trixie's hand, pulling it to her chest and guiding it over her. Trixie breathed heavily as she watched her hand pass over this amazing body, and paw these oily breasts and erect nipples. Maria let go of Trixie's hand to let her roam alone, but used one of her free hands to trace over her own body, gradually leading a trail down the front of her own bikini bottoms. Trixie's hand had stalled around a nipple as she looked, mesmerised, as Maria's long fingers disappeared down the front of her own pants and worked seductively at her cunt. Maria threw her head back, eyes closed, and rocked her body slightly. Trixie began stroking her thigh, wanting to reach round and feel her ass.

Maria got the message and leant forward over Trixie again, kissing her softly, brushing her nipples against Trixie's, but also using the knuckles of the fingers down her thong to rub against Trixie's swollen clit. Trixie reached round to her pert arse and pulled her down towards the bed, wanting to grind against the hand that was between them. She slid her hand inside the back of Maria's bikini bottoms as the kissing became more heated. The panting was becoming more audible, tongues more visible, spit smeared ever more on faces. They had forgotten Steve was even in the room, transfixed in the corner, dick in hand. Trixie finally pushed the bottoms down, revealing a superb view of Maria's arse to Steve. She pushed them right down and made a point of lifting her feet to push them further, down to Maria's knees.

Maria sat back, a look of utter lust on her face, and slid the bottoms off, then pulled Trixie's down and off the bed without ceremony. She bent down and held her mouth over Trixie's burning crotch, breathing heavily on to her clit, taking in the gorgeous scent of sweat and juice that had drenched Trixie's thong. She was blowing deliberately on the swollen clit, enjoying the fact that Trixie was subconsciously lifting her pelvis to be closer to her mouth. She ran her oily hands up from Trixie's ankles to her thighs, pulling the legs sideways to open her lips and taunt some more, before pushing her palms up over Trixie's belly and on to her chest, massaging her glistening breasts once more. 

Bringing her knees inside Trixie's legs, Maria moved upwards once more, her tongue just glancing the outside of Trixie's cunt lips as she made her way back up to Trixie's desperate mouth. Trixie's hands gravitated to Maria's hips and, inevitably, her ass. She pulled Maria down on to her, a perfect scene of beauty, two women in a missionary position, kissing with abandon, oily breasts sliding against each other. Steve had given up rubbing his stiff cock, sure that the sights alone would make him cum eventually. 

The girls' tongues were all over the place, smiles in between kisses, a tight, unbroken clinch making for the slimiest of grinds. Maria had begun rocking up and down on Trixie, having positioned her cunt right on Trixie's, ensuring they were pressing each other right where it counted.

Their hands explored each other's curves, Trixie holding Maria down tightly against her as she rubbed her clit against Trixie's. Trixie lifted her feet so that she could wrap her legs around Maria, holding her in the optimum position as they panted down each other's throats, tongues only leaving the other's mouth momentarily so that they could bite a section of neck in abandon.

"We need some oil here I think," Maria said, turning her head to Steve as Trixie plunged her tongue into the ear in front of her. Steve awoke from his trance and got up and walked to the base of the bed, surveying the scene. Maria, as if to illustrate her demand, lifted her pelvis to present Steve with the sight of two beautifully moist cunts. He held out his right hand and, with his left, poured baby oil over the back of it and the palm, making sure it was completely coated. He knelt on the bottom end of the bed and slid his oiled hand on to Trixie's pussy, smearing oil and pressing where he knew she would want him to. Before he could react Maria dropped down on to his hand, grinding her clit on his oily knuckles. He shifted his hand down so he could use a finger to massage Trixie's clit, while Maria began rubbing herself at speed against this new, bumpy surface.

The kissing was restarted, and from his vantage point Steve saw Trixie's hand clinching the back of Maria's head as they snogged passionately. She pulled the ponytail out, her other hand still grasping a buttock in front of Steve's face. Maria was riding Steve's hand and groaning into Trixie's mouth, while Steve tried to subtly slide his hand and press over Trixie's cunt.

Maria's movements suddenly became more stilted and she growled as she rubbed on Steve's hand harder, the growl rising into a high-pitched orgasm as Trixie looked on enraptured. Maria stopped, rolled off with a long groan and lay still next to Trixie for a minute, panting. 

Then another mind-blowing scene presented itself to Steve. Maria kissed Trixie deeply and slid her hand under the nearest thigh, probing Trixie's hole with her oily middle finger. She pushed forward so that Trixie rolled on to her side, facing Steve, and wrapped her other hand under Trixie's neck and turned her head to made sure their mouths met once more in deep, wet kisses. Steve lay stroking Trixie's breasts with his oiled hand.

Maria, in no time at all, had decided to push her middle three fingers inside Trixie, and was fucking her with a constant rhythm, all the time trying to open her up more. Steve saw what she was doing and decided to help by sliding his fingers over Trixie's clit. As he reached down and began pressing and rubbing, Trixie groaned from deep inside, opening her legs wider and wrapping her right thigh, lifted as high as it would go, around Maria who was spooned up behind her. The blonde oily beauty, pressed against Trixie's back, was sliding against her at all points where their bodies touched, all the while her hand was furiously burrowing into Trixie's pussy. Trixie felt like there were all sorts of pressures working inside her cunt, Maria getting her little finger in too now. Every time Maria's hand got inside Trixie, her hands would spread, and press and tickle and scratch. All the while, Steve was slowly teasing her oily clit, Maria's tongue was down her throat, her other hand wrapped around Trixie's neck and holding her head in position, Steve massaging her breasts with is free hand.

Maria's thumb was now inside Trixie, too, and the hand worked into a fuck-like rhythm. Trixie was growling and groaning as the narrowed hand pumped her, fisting her soaking cunt. She was bucking her pelvis with the rhythm, trying to open her legs wider, lifting her right leg up higher to allow more penetration. The hand fucked her superbly, Trixie panting and wincing in equal measure, her noises of pleasure muffled by Maria's mouth. Her hand clasped Maria's buttock behind her with a sudden urgency, and she reached to touch Steve as he rubbed her clit harder, watching the hand slide in and out of her expanded passage with ease. She left Maria's mouth to cry out "oh fuck" before groaning long and hard and reaching down to hold both hands in place in and around her throbbing pussy while she gyrated against them.

"Dear God," she said, opening her eyes, looking straight at Steve. "How many fingers was that?" 

"A whole hand," replied Steve, smiling. Maria removed the hand slowly, Trixie twitched as it passed over and around her most sensitive bits. 

"God Maria that was divine," she said. She quickly swivelled round, lengthways, obviously anxious to return the favour – and some. "I really want to taste you," she said, before sinking her mouth between Maria's legs. Maria smiled and sighed, closing her eyes. Trixie was eating hungrily, like someone breaking a fast.

Her face buried between Maria's thighs, exploring her clit, then between her lips as deep into her as she could go. She pulled Maria over into a 69 position, the leggy blonde straddling Trixie's face, her buttocks cupped by Trixie's hands once more as the neatly shaved pussy was licked, sucked and slurped furiously from below. Maria squatted over Trixie, watching underneath her as Trixie's mouth explored her eagerly. Steve had waited long enough and took a chance, climbing round to be behind Maria and grabbing hold of her hips. Trixie looked up from beneath her to see Steve's balls dangling her way and his cock sliding inside the moist pussy.

Maria groaned as Steve slid in and began fucking her. His cock worked her slow and long to begin with while Trixie sucked on her clit, and she seemed to love it. Trixie moved her hands alternately between Maria's soft, oily skin and Steve's balls and began reaching round to his buttocks, pushing him in, encouraging him to go faster. "Ahhhh come in me," said Maria, pushing herself back on to Steve and down on to Trixie simultaneously. Steve mounted her properly, breathing down her neck, eventually they were kissing heavily, Steve being able to taste Trixie in Maria's mouth. He was thrusting as she panted and groaned, and Trixie was using her hand to squeeze his balls, making him cum. 

Suddenly he shot and jolted upright, squeezing Maria's waist as he came repeatedly inside her. Trixie sucked extra hard on the clit as she heard Steve cry out, sensing Maria tense up, get close to another climax of her own. As Steve pushed in up to the hilt to deposit the final few drops of cum deep inside her, she tipped over the edge and collapsed into the sheets between Trixie's feet in a flurry of sobs and moans. Trixie was still lapping at Maria's cunt and Steve pulled out, hoping to see his cum trickle out of Maria's hole and on to his wife's beautiful face. He was not disappointed. Trixie emerged with a hot, sticky face. Those cocktails tasted so good…