 This story is one in a series I wrote for a friend...it's also the first one I thought was worth entering here. Ivan and Joanna met online, first corresponding by email and chat, then on the phone. Recently Ivan came over to visit Joanna in London...

******

Ivan was shattered after a long day spent seeing the various sights in London. He sighed as he opened the front door to Joanna's flat. He'd been given the keys to use during his stay. Joanna should be home from the office soon, a thought that cheered him up as he entered. He dropped his bags in the living room, noticing that there was an empty bottle of wine and some glasses on the table...that was odd, they'd gone out for dinner yesterday and hadn't come back to the flat. Suddenly Ivan heard muffled sounds coming from the bedroom. He softly walked over to the door and peered round the edge of the door.

Joanna and Ella were completely naked, entwined on the bed. They hadn't noticed Ivan's arrival, far too engrossed in their own activities. As Ivan watched they kissed passionately, hands roaming each other's bodies. Ivan's mouth dropped open: he knew Ella was Joanna's best friend, but he hadn't realised they were that close.

Joanna was still amazed...how on earth had she ended up in bed with Ella? There had always been a sexual tension between the two girls, and she knew Ella was bi, but she hadn't expected this at all. The two of them had been having some wine after work, and as was usual when girls got together they'd ended up talking about sex. Joanna had admitted to being curious about what is was like to sleep with a woman, and before she knew it they'd ended up in her bed. Her thoughts were pulled back to the present as Ella ran her hands over Joanna's breasts, gently kneading and teasing the nipples. Joanna sighed with pleasure and bent her head to run her tongue over Ella's nipples, marvelling at how they stiffened under her ministrations. Ella's fingers tangled in her hair as she sucked each breast in turn, gently at first but then more insistently. Her hands travelled over Ella, and Joanna marvelled at how soft her skin was...so different from a man's.

Suddenly Joanna felt Ella's fingers letting go over her hair, sliding sensuously down her back. Sure hands ran over her thighs, pushing them apart. After a moment's hesitation Joanna complied, spreading her legs slightly as Ella's fingers slid through her pussy lips and dipped into her pussy. "Ooo, a brazilian, lovely" Ella whispered as she teasingly toyed with Joanna's pussy, feeling the growing wetness there. Joanna felt Ella's fingers move up to start playing with her clit, and she shivered under the other girl's expert touch. She looked at Ella, smiling, "wow, I can see why you like girls too...you know exactly how to get me hot" Ella grinned back, and continued flicking her fingers along Joanna's clit. She had been slowly sliding two fingers in and out of Joanna's pussy, but now added a third and started finger-fucking her in earnest. Her smile widened as the other girl gasped and arched against her, cheeks flushing. Joanna moaned as her hot pussy was penetrated again and again, the tension in her body growing as she reached the edge. Ella's fingers were plunging furiously into Joanna's tight little pussy, and she now started sucking her clit...Joanna's hips bucked powerfully, her back arching as she was taken over by a fantastic orgasm. 

She shifted, still breathing heavily, sliding down the bed. Ella also had a shaved pussy, she noticed as she bent her head. She paused for a moment, then lapped at her friend's pink little clit. She was rewarded with a hiss of pleasure, and then a gasp as her tongue moved down to stab into the tight pussy in front of her, tasting female juices for the first time. Ella moaned loudly. "Ahhh, yes, yes. You're a natural" Ella gasped breathlessly, her hands pushing Joanna's face against her pussy. 

Suddenly, the girls heard a groan coming from the doorway. Joanna paused and looked up, straight into Ivan's eyes. He was breathing heavily, his hand stroking his hard cock, which he'd released from his trousers. Ella smiled at the sight "Well, well, I see Joanna wasn't exaggerating when she told me about you. You're a little overdressed though, why don't you strip off and show me whether she's exaggerated about your skills." Joanna grinned as Ivan hurried to comply with Ella's suggestion, almost tripping over his trousers in his haste to join the girls. 

She bent down to her task again, drawing Ella's attention back to the matter at hand. Joanna marvelled at how wet that pussy was, and the thought that it was her tongue and fingers causing this was an immense turn-on. She felt Ivan join them, and wondered where he'd start...2 girls, 2 hot pussies and 2 gorgeous asses gave him a lot of choice. She felt a series of feathery kisses along her back, and rough male hands sliding over her body. She sat up, eliciting a groan of disappointment from Ella, and turned her attentions to Ivan's cock, lapping eagerly at its hard length. Ella pushed Ivan down "Time to work your magic" she said as she positioned herself over his face. Ivan dove straight in, his tongue flicking along her clit, his fingers buried in her hot, wet pussy. Ella braced herself against the headboard, grinding her cunt against his face with pleasure. Joanna had reached the helmet of Ivan's cock, swirling her tongue along the ridge and running her tongue along the slit at the top. She could feel him harden further under her hand as she stroked his length, and from the sounds Ella was making her own efforts were inspiring Ivan to go to greater lengths himself.

She was about to take his cock fully into her mouth when Ivan pushed Ella up and pulled away from Joanna. He pulled Ella down to straddle him, impaling her on his cock. They both groaned heavily as his cock slid deep into her wet cunt and Ella started riding him hard, lifting herself almost all the way off before driving him deep into her again. Joanna reached into one of the drawers of her bedside table and pulled out her favourite toy, a slim 7-inch purple vibrator. She settled next to the pair, one hand rubbing Ella's clit as the other switched on the vibrator and drove it into her cunt...she was so hot and wet that she just had to have something hard in her. Ella's head was thrown back, her moans growing louder as Ivan grabbed her ass to pull her hard and fast onto his cock. She kneaded her own breasts furiously, breathing faster and faster, her cheeks reddening. "Oh yes, fuck me, I need that hard cock, fuck me hard" she cried, bucking her hips. Ivan groaned heavily, feeling her cunt muscles spasm around his cock as her orgasm hit, her body jerking in ecstasy. Ella collapsed forward, completely spent.

Ivan looked over at Joanna, who'd been watching the performance with rapt attention, the hand holding the vibrator plunging it deep into her pussy as she grew more and more aroused at the spectacle. "Come here honey, and let me give you what you really need," Ivan grinned wickedly. Joanna didn't need to be told twice as Ivan pulled her onto her hands and knees. She tensed slightly as she felt the head of his cock at her rosebud, but forced herself to relax. She moaned as she felt Ivan push himself slowly into her, his cock lubricated by Ella's juices. Once he'd buried himself to the hilt Ivan paused a moment, savouring the tightness around him. He started slowly fucking her ass, grabbing her hips. Ella slid under Joanna, sucking her clit and finger-fucking her. Joanna groaned louder, hanging her head, but Ivan grabbed her hair, forcing it up and back as he started reaming her tight ass.

"Ella, grab Ivan...I think Joanna would enjoy a bit of double penetration" he growled, slapping Joanna's ass. Ella grinned at him, sliding underneath Joanna's body to fuck her with the vibrator. Joanna could feel the two hard lengths rub together through the thin wall separating them, and she was sure Ivan would be able to feel the vibrations from the toy. Indeed, he grabbed her tits, squeezing them roughly between his fingers as he used them for leverage. Joanna bent her head, licking Ella's pussy to egg her on. Ella responded, pumping the vibrator in and out of Joanna's cunt.

The sensation of being taken in two places was too much, and Joanna came again, hard, the waves of her orgasm pulsing through her body as she screamed with pleasure. Her muscles clenched around both cocks, real and fake, and Ivan came with a heavy groan, his pulsing cock pumping her ass full of cum. The three of them slowly collapsed onto the bed, completely sated, Ella lazily licking the last traces of semen from Ivan's cock as he gently kissed Joanna's neck. "Well, that was interesting. What's for dessert?"