 "I hate him!" Jennifer yelled as she slammed the office door behind her.

"What now?" her manager and lover, Sam, asked. He checked out the busty blonde. At 5'3" with 36 DD's her petite frame looked almost to small for her bust. But Jennifer knew how to dress to really emphasize her curves and it was, as everyone knew, part of the reason she was able to land this job. Today she had a plaid pleated miniskirt that barely covered her thong covered ass and a white spaghetti strap halter that showed off her flat stomach and showed off plenty of cleavage squeezed into a frilly black bra.

"John got me grounded. Again! Apparently my mom found his weed and he said it was mine! Of course she doesn't believe me but she always believes him! God, I hate him!"

Sam had meet John and he was a bit of an asshole. John was one of those guys who always was looking out for number one and all that.

Sam got up and walked over to Jennifer, wrapping his arms around her. "It'll be okay, baby."

Leaning into his chest Jennifer nodded feeling his muscles beneath his shirt. At 5'11" and a lifetime of martial arts training, Sam had a physique that ancient Greeks used to sculpt.

Sam slipped his hands under her skirt and needed her bare ass cheeks. "I know what will help you feel better," he smirked.

She purred in response pushing her body against his.

Sam slipped his tongue into Jennifer's mouth as he lifted her up with two hands full of ass. He turned her around seating her on the desk and pushed against her. His already stiff cock was ready to fill her even though she had just drained his balls last night.

His hands found his way up her shapely back up to her straps and tugging them down her shoulders. Jennifer tucked her arms in letting her shirt and bra be pulled down her arms. She kissed Sam pressed her chest out accentuating her bust even more. She knew how much Sam loved her tits, and she loved having them played with.

His hands found there was to her tits, feeling there fullness as he kissed her. Jennifer's hands had found their way to his bulge, rubbing it through his pants.

Not willing to waste time because the store would need to open soon, Jennifer unbuckled and unzipped her lovers pants.

"I need it. Hard and fast," she said to him.

As she leaned back pushing her wet thong against Sam's hard cock, Sam reached down and pulled her panties to the side.

Sam slammed into her causing Jennifer to squeal with delight. She locked his cock and he made her feel amazing.

Watching her tits jiggle Sam slammed into her repeatedly. She moaned with each thrust as Sam drew closer.

"I am going to give you a proper fuck later, but for now," Sam said grunting as he felt his balls swell. "I am going to cum!" 

"In my mouth," she cried pushing him back. Not only did she not want to have cum leaking down her leg but she loved the feel and taste of his cum.

His cock pulsed in her mouth, filling it with cum.

-----------------------

Despite her morning exertions, Jennifer was still pissed at her brother. All day her mind wrestled with how best to get her brother to pay, not just for this event but many slights she attributed to her brother. Watching her manager get hit on by the sluts who came into the Hot Topic she worked at. When she caught herself biting her lip thinking of his cock she realized she knew exactly what to do. 

-----------------------

Tiffany arrived at John's after dark ready to enjoy the hot tub and a night of making love. She'd been going out with John for about a year and despite her high school boyfriend best attempts had kept her virtue in tact. Finally John was the boyfriend that talked her into it. It was romantic and sweet and fun. Not as much fun as tv made it seem, or rather not as pleasurable.

She'd heard John's sister through their shared wall one time she was over and Jennifer must have been faking how good her boyfriend was. At least that's what John said but it certainly got Tiffany thinking. Now she blushed whenever she saw Sam despite herself.

They'd all been in John and Jennifer's hot tub once and Sam was fit and firm where John was ... fluffier. He certainly didn't seem as strong as Sam could easily lift and carry Jennifer. And one particularly embarrassing time, after Jennifer had proceeded to give Sam a lap dance in the hot tub, they got up to go inside and Sam's shorts were tented more impressively that John's ever did. 

Banishing thoughts of Sam and Jennifer, Tiffany pulled black hair into a pony tail and gave herself a quick once over. Her Korean heritage showed on her face and with her hair. Her loose tshirt hung off one shoulder and her boy shorts were snug against her petite frame. She knew she was hot. Girls and guys checked her out regularly. 

She got out of the car and walked around the back of the house. She heard the dance pop playing, and then heard the hot tub bubbling. She started to get excited, feeling a slight quiver between her legs. As she rounded the corner of the house she caught the faint smell of weed. She felt her nipples start to stiffen just thinking about the effects weed has on her body. 

She saw Jennifer raising a joint to her lips as she walked toward the dimly lit hot tub. It was situated under the houses deck and with trees on the edge of the yard it was private enough to not worry about neighbors.

"Hey! How are you?" Tiffany said excitedly.

"Omg! Tiffany! How are you, honey?" Jennifer replied. She stood up and leaned over exposing herself in her skimpy bikini reaching out to give Tiffany a big hug. 

Tiffany giggled a little as she got wet from the hug. And accepted the joint that Jennifer was handing her. 

"Want to hop in?" Jennifer asked bubbily.

"John texted me about hot tubbing. Is he inside?" Tiffany said looking into the dark house. 

"He went out with mom and dad somewhere," she lied taking another toke of the joint. "He might be back soon though so you should wait with me in here," Jennifer said handing the joint back to Tiffany. 

"Okay, for a little bit," Tiffany said taking another glance at the house, unaware her boyfriend was pissed out upstairs after getting baked and laying video games for two days straight. 

She bent over at the waist pushing her boy shorts down exposing her black and white vertically striped bikini bottoms. She stood back up straight and pulled her loose shirt over her head revealing her perky c-cups in the same black and white striped bikini, but this time the stripes were horizontal. 

"I love your bikini!" Jennifer exclaimed as Tiffany stepped into the bubbling hot water.

"You look gorgeous," Tiffany said. 

"I can get you one if you like it," Jennifer said pulling the shoulder straps causing her breast to bounce. Jennifer caught Tiffany's eyes glued to her breasts.

"My hit," Jennifer said leaning in closer placing her hand on Tiffany's, sliding her fingers down Tiffany's until the joint had been passed from one to the other. 

As Jennifer took a long drag from the joint, she smiled seductively at Tiffany. After exhaling Jennifer asked, "shotgun?"

Tiffany nodded, surprised at how horny she was and how attracted to her boyfriend's sister she was, feeling the music pulse through her. Jennifer took another large toke as she moved closer to Tiffany. She turned the roach around and put the lit end in her mouth, put her hand on the back of Tiffany's head and pulled her face toward hers. Tiffany's lips parted and felt them pressed against Jennifer's. Tiffany inhaled deeply as Jennifer blew a long stream of smoke into her mouth.

Turning away and coughing, Tiffany's breast jiggled as the smoke was expelled from her lungs. Sitting back Jennifer smiled as she took the final toke from the mdma laced joint and then flicked it out into the yard. "You okay?" she asked leaning in and rubbing the top of her back.

"Yeah," Tiffany smiled enjoying the sensation of the Jennifer's hand on her back. Tiffany moaned softly. "That feels so good..."

Jennifer scooted closer to Tiffany, rubbing both shoulders and her shoulder blades with her thumbs. Tiffany turned and leaned away resting her head on her arms as she lay against the side of the hot tub. Her breast were continuously tickled by the bubbling water and her pussy grew more damp, though she tried to attribute it to the hot tub and not to the attention she was receiving from her boyfriends sister.

Jennifer leaned into her as Tiffany's back and gave a series of soft kisses across her bare skin. Tiffany inhaled sharply, jerking slightly, but relaxing into the kisses after a moment. She had no idea what had overcome her, surprised by how good everything felt and how much she wanted it all to go on. She sat up and pulled away from Jennifer's soft grip. "I can't..." she whispered. "Your brother..."

Jennifer shushed her leaning in and kissing her on the lips as her hand found her way to her waist pulling her in to her. Tiffany gave herself to the kiss, again feeling the luxurious feel of a woman's lips. She had practiced in high school with a friend but this was so much more intense and erotic. They leaned into each other, wrapping their arms around one another as their lips and tongues explored each other. Their smooth, youthful breasts rubbed against each other, covered only in their thin bikini tops.

They continued to kiss and caress each other for what seemed like a long time until Jennifer started to kiss down her neck. Each kiss causing a ripple of pleasure to ripple through her body. On the air she caught a faint scent of weed and opened her eyes to see Sam standing there taking a hit off a joint.

"Sam," she moaned unable to pull away from Jennifer's lips and hands. As Tiffany's eyes trailed down Sam's body her hips bucked slightly involuntarily.

Jennifer giggled as she turned to face her lover. One hand pulled Tiffany's face to her neck as she reached out with her other to Sam. "Come here, baby," Tiffany heard her say. And as Tiffany began to kiss Jennifer's neck she could her Sam pulling his shirt off and then the zip of his fly. A moment later the water sloshed as Sam must have gotten in the tub and then she could feel Jennifer's body reacting to her and Sam kissing.

Tiffany felt Sam's hand rub against hers as they both explored Jennifer's flat stomach, blaming it on being accidental and blaming not moving hers because of the heat of the moment and not because she wanted to feel Sam's touch. This illusion was tested when their fingers became interlaced momentarily and Sam tugged slightly on her.

Jennifer's hand found her way to Tiffany's chin and turned her face back up to her, their lips locking again.

Sam kissed down Jennifer's neck and pushed her bikini straps off her shoulders. His hands slide down her arms and onto her hips gripping her and pulling her back to him slightly, but not enough to disturb the girls making out. His hands worked back up her back and he unfastened her bikini top.

Jennifer moved Tiffany's arms around as they continued to kiss allowing her to slide the bikini top from her body and tossed it out of the tub. Tiffany was so wrapped up in the moment she didn't feel her bikini top being untied until it fell off her shoulders. Tiffany broke the kiss and leaned back pulling her arms up to cover her exposed breast. She noticed that Jennifer was topless and saw Sam's eyes on her as his hands fondled Jennifer's tits, her nipples being squeezed between his fingers.

Jennifer pushed Tiffany's arms up forcing her chest out and proceeded to kiss down her chest and to her nipple. She held her waist as her nipple rolled around her mouth, rubbed by her tongue. Her hands were on Jennifer's head rubbing through her hair as her head was leaned back. This experience was rapturous.

Jennifer moved to the side allowing Tiffany to be sandwiched between her and Sam. Sam slide up to Tiffany, her bare leg pressing against his knee. While one hand held Jennifer's hip his other up the inside of Tiffany's thigh. Only after the intense pleasure started did she realize that is was Sam squeezing her thigh, moving up her hip and find its way to her other breast. As his hand teased its way to her nipple she looked at him with lust and leaned in kissing this man she had fantasized about.

Tiffany was overwhelmed by euphoria as she french kissed her crush. Her nipples were in heaven as one was sucked and kissed by his girlfriend and the other was tweaked and caressed by his strong hands.

Jennifer kissed up her chest and neck and said, "my turn," as she first kissed Tiffany and then kissed Sam. She pushed him back and slide up on his lap giving Sam a lapdance as his hands held her hips. She proceeded to continue to kiss Tiffany as Tiffany's hands found their way to her tits. Tiffany kissed onto Jennifer's nipples as Jennifer ground into Sam with the beat. 

"Tiffany's turn," Jennifer said pulling her nipple from Tiffany's mouth and standing up off Sam's lap. She stood Tiffany up and embraced her pressing their bare breasts together. Sam's hips rose in time to the beat as he watched these gorgeous young beauties grope and caress each other. The water, bubbling at their thighs, allowed Sam to enjoy a view of their asses as they rotated around, going from Jennifer's black thong bikini to Tiffany's stripped bikini briefs.

Kissing Jennifer, Tiffany felt Sam's hands go to her hips, pulling her down. She thought she should stop but she couldn't help herself. This all felt so good, like a dream come true.

As she slid back, she felt Sam's hard cock press against her ass and began to gyrate against him to the music. Her breathing intensified as he humped against her. Sam's hands pulled at the knots of her remaining clothes as Jennifer made kissed her body. As her bikini came completely undone she lifted her ass as Sam pulled her up and Jennifer pulled it off her. Completely naked she lowered herself feeling Sam's naked, hard cock squeezed between her ass checks. 

Caught by surprise, she ground down on him expecting to at least have him boxer clad. She reached down between them and slide her hand between them confirming that he had been naked with her in the hot tub this whole time.

Her hand stroked his hard cock all the way up and down. It was fatter and longer than John's and the thought of her boyfriend brought a pang of guilt that was quickly washed away by Sam's hands mauling her tits and kissing her neck. Her eyes still closed she turned back to kiss him as she lowered her ass again, feeling his girth slide between her ass cheeks. She kissed him deep, their tongues dancing, as he thrust against her.

Turning back around and opening her eyes she saw Jennifer licking her lips watching them her hands beneath the water, rubbing her clit to her well planned revenge.

"Wanna feel something amazing, baby?" Sam said wrapping his hands around her petite waist and lifting her up over his cock. He slid the tip up and down her slit and despite her hesitancy she began to slide against him, rubbing her clit over and over with his engorged cock.

"Baby, you feel so good," Sam said, kissing Tiffany's neck.

Just then Tiffany came, for the first time. Despite how long her and John had been going out she had never felt that before. She thought she had come but the internet was right, you know if when it happens. As her orgasmal haze faded she heard Jennifer cum too.

One of Jennifer's hands was cupping her sumptuous breasts and the other was rubbing her clit vigorously under the water.

Embarrassed that she had just used Jennifer's man to cum right in front of her she covered her face and sat still. Sam's hands still gripped her hips and she could feel him flexing his penis against her, causing little waves of pleasure to wash over her.

Biting her lip, she lowered her hands and looked at Jennifer, "I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me."

"I know what came over me," Sam joked, to which Tiffany turned back and playfully slapped his chest. She got up and then sat down quickly next to Jennifer realizing they could see her naked body. At least sitting, her smooth pussy was unable to be seen by Jennifer and Sam as the three sat there with the scent and heat of sex in the air.

"I want you to enjoy him," Jennifer said kissing Tiffany before running a finger across Sam's chest as he leaned back, arms spread showing his well defined chest. Tiffany bit her lip again imaging what it would feel like to have him on her, in her. And her was her girlfriend giving permission.

"Come on," Jennifer grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the hot tub with her. They climbed down and out Sam taking in the view of these gorgeous women whom he was still going to fuck tonight. Jennifer lead Tiffany in the house, still naked, water dripping from their lithe bodies and towards the stairs to head toward her room. Tiffany looked back in time to see Sam standing up, his hard dick standing at 90 degrees, water dripping off it.

Sam grabbed a towel and dried his hands. He picked up his joint and relit it before following the girls inside, his dick bouncing, balls full.

The pot smoke billowed behind him as he followed the trail of water and wet carpet up to the third floor, past where John was passed out. He stepped through the open door way and found Jennifer licking Tiffany's belly button as she slid down her body. As Jennifer found her clit with her tongue she proceeded to spell revenge with it. 

Taking another puff he walked over to Tiffany's side and offered the joint to her. She looked past it to his cock and reached for that instead. She stroked it as he reached down with his friend to fondle her breast and as Jennifer continued to spell out words she came again calling out loudly, unaware that on the other side of the wall her boyfriend lay passed out.

Jennifer kissed her way up Tiffany's body and then leaned over to lick Sam's cock head. Tiffany's continually wet pussy dripped watching this cock loving before her. Catching her breath she reached up for the joint and started to move around to lay on her stomach. Jennifer rotated too focusing on Sam's cock moving from licks on the sides and head to shorts popping sucks of the head itself.

Tiffany took another toke and then turned Jennifer's face towards hers and shotgunned the smoke into her mouth at the tip of Sam's cock. Sam's cock twitch looking at these beauties french through the week smoke. His eyes moved down their backs and on to their beautiful pert asses. It was taking all of his self control to not just flip one of them over and pound away.

As the image of that played out in his mind, first with Tiffany and then Jennifer and then with Tiffany again, Tiffany and Jennifer started to kiss his cock together, taking turns on the shaft, the head, and the balls.

If the Tiffany from even earlier today could see herself now she wouldn't believe it. She had only made out with girls once or twice for "practice", now she knew she would do it again multiple times, and she was now giving a blow job with another girl. She didn't even like giving blow jobs. She had done so for John once or twice but only begrudgingly. But there was something about this, all of it, Sam and Jennifer, it felt so freeing and so magical.

As Jennifer came up from going down, taking several inches of Sam's cock in her mouth, she looked challenging at Tiffany who accepted the challenge. She swallowed as much of his cock as she could, taking more than she ever had of John's, but loving every moment of it. It tasted and felt so good and there was no way she was going to let Jennifer "win".

Sam's head was thrown back as he felt their competing mouths on him. His hands had found their way to each of their heads and he felt them bob and bounce and slide as the attempted to deep throat him. Jennifer had been right, Tiffany was a little sex machine waiting to be awaken. He needed to make sure to thank her for including him in this scheme.
