 It was time to shop for dildos. Or see them in person, anyway. Online shopping is great, but Carmen wanted to hold one in her hand. When she had initially said this, her husband Tommy immediately whipped his own dick out for her to hold, but that's a different story. 

The sex shop they found was different from the retail experiences of the mall. It was in a rundown part of town and the building made no effort to stand out. Some lingerie was lit up in the window, along with a few neon signs in the shape of lips or writing out the words "movies" and "xxx". 

"You nervous?" Tommy asked at the door. 

Carmen was, but then, to say no, she just decided to be confident. "I'm fine." She said. 

They walked in and found an oddly lit room. Dim florescent lighting (or burnt out bulbs) with pink spot lights pointing this way and that. The shelves where up to the ceiling, some packed with products, others nearly empty. Some were covered by frayed black curtains. There were posters of pornographic films on the wall, and one played on an old TV hung in the corner-a couple fucking in the grass. 

They browsed the shelves for a while, bemused by the assortment and audacity of the wares. Though disappointed by the gimmicks and poor craftsmanship, they found some workable options and had a number of laughs. 

At one point Tommy picked up an enormous black plastic cock, "Of course you would!" Carmen replied in response to having it waved in her direction. 

Tommy brought another to her attention. "What about this?" An average sized dildo attached to a suction cup. "We could pin it to the side of the shower. Then you could blow me while fucking yourself. You know how much I love it when you climax with my cock in your mouth."

Carmen rolled her eyes, but then stopped halfway through. She felt the suction cup. "Does it work?"

"I assume so," Tommy replied. "I've seen videos." 

"I'm sure you have." Carmen said with a sly grin. 

"Could be a fun addition to 69'ing!" 

She went back to a display of glass dildos, feeling the different textures molded into their elongations. She held onto a simple, clean, modern design, wrapping her hand around the shaft as she browsed the others. 

"You like that one?"

"I might."

As they browsed, they noticed a hallway off the back of the store. On either side of the hallway were little booths with curtains for doors. Carmen walked back toward the hallway, and they heard the sounds of sex. They entered one of the booths, and found a TV setup, with some controls and a slot for quarters. 

"What is that?" Carmen asked. 

"These look like video booths" Tommy said, inspecting the TV. "You know, for watching porn."

"I figured that," Carmen said. Then, pointing "I meant those holes in the wall." About waist height on each wall was a hole three inches wide. 

She didn't need an answer though, nor did she wait for one. She turned to Tommy and said with a grin, "Let's do it."

"Do what?" Tommy said, somewhat dumbfounded. 

"Come on!" she said, "we've never tried a glory hole before. It'll be fun."

"How do you know what a glory hole is?" Tommy asked.

Carmen grinned. "Wife points," she said, and pushed Tommy out of the booth back into the hallway. She looked at him, seductively licked her lips, and closed the curtain. 

"Hey!" Tommy said, a little loudly. 

Carmen opened the curtain again, and Tommy reached out and kissed her on the lips, holding the back of her head. She kissed back gently, then furiously. "You're right." Tommy said, breaking the kiss, "this will be fun."

He stepped back and she closed the curtain. 

He walked to the neighboring booth and closed the curtain. He heard his wife rustling about next door. He decided to turn on the porn TV machine, to drown out any noise. All the while he was thinking about his wife on the other side of the thin wall ready to engulf his cock, and it made him careless. He put a dollar into the machine, but it spit the dollar out. He put it in again. It spit it out again, but it finally worked on the third try. He quickly choose a video, a threesome scene. 

Now careless and impatient he frantically undid his pants, roughly pulling his underwear down which snagged on his erection. He didn't slow down though, and as soon as he got his penis clear he thrust his dick through the hole, into the booth next door, anxiously awaiting the warmth of his wife's mouth. 

It didn't come. He felt a chill. He wiggled a bit, bouncing his cock up and down, but nothing. "That girl," Tommy thought. "Is she just in there masturbating?"

He pulled his dick out and bent down to look through the hole. Yes, she definitely had her hand down there, rubbing away. Her pants were around her ankles, which offered Tommy a great view of her very fuckable ass. 

"She's waiting by the wrong hole!" Tommy thought. "She must of thought I went into the other booth." 

Then he noticed her head-it bobbed up and down. She was deep-throating some other guys cock! Tommy started to giggle but quickly covered his mouth. He could only imagine her embarrassment when she found out what she was doing, she could be such a perfectionist. Then his own cock began to really ache. 

As Tommy watched her kiss and stroke and suck, his cock really wanted to explode. He started to stroke himself, but it wasn't much relief. Carmen had really gotten into it; sucking deeply and then kissing the head, then licking the shaft and balls. She used her free hand to grip the shaft and squeeze the balls, then the dick would disappear again into her mouth. 

Tommy watched as long as he could, but maximally erect and aroused as hell, he suddenly had to get in on the action, and he knew just what he wanted. He quietly snuck out of his booth and into hers, and got right beside her before she noticed. 

"You give the best blow jobs." Tommy said. 

Carmen's head turned over towards him, and she smiled. But then her eyes grew wide, and she just stared dumbfounded, with this dick in her mouth. The look was priceless, and in that moment Tommy wished he'd thought to snap a picture with his phone. With a sudden vacuous pop she pulled the dick out and gasped "I'm sucking the wrong cock."

Tommy laughed and smiled and nodded. "How! How can this happening!" She said. 

"Wow, look at that thing twitch! You must be doing great." The cock was still in her hand, throbbing. 

"Well you can't stop now." Tommy said, standing up. "You can't leave a dick hanging like that. Besides-" In one movement he grabbed her hips and raised them, pushing down on her back, and moved behind her. "I'm out of my mind excited, and I'm going to cross something off of my bucket list."

She was wet. His cock slid right in. The booth was barely wide enough for humping, but Tommy made it work. As Carmen adjusted to Tommy's fucking, she stared at the dick in front of her; what she had assumed was familiar had transformed into something new, foreign, and forbidden. Yet, it was there, in her hand, wet with her saliva. Just moments ago she had run her tongue along its every surface. How could she not tell it wasn't her husband's?

"It was dark," came the first excuse. "And, it's the same size." Pleasure was emanating from her vagina like sunlight through stormy clouds. She could feel the burn on her already flushed cheeks. "And you were so damn hot," came the last excuse. "It did taste different though, now that I think about it."

Lust interrupted her whole thought process. The voice that had wanted to do this in the first place, the voice that told her to pull her pants down, the voice that sat restlessly for the cock to enter her booth and jumped on it as soon as it began to peak through. It was a hungry, impatient, lascivious voice. "Fuck it!" the voice cried out, and so she stuffed the cock back into her mouth.

Tommy gave her a playful swat on her ass. "That's my girl! Our first threesome!" 

A wave of pride burst through them both. What began as a new sexual adventure had now put them in a new sexual category. They had entered through the gates together, and now they humped and sucked like they had in the old days, when they first became intimate. It was raw, the rhythm was new, and they were on fire. 

Carmen ate all the more greedily, and every time she performed an oral trick Tommy would give her an especially strong hump or an encouraging slap on her ass. 

"We're really doing it!" He'd say, with a tear in his eye. 

When she needed a breath she pulled the cock out and rubbed it across her face, reveling in the experience. She was getting really hot, and an orgasm was approaching. 

From the booth next door they heard a voice. A female voice. "Holy shit, you're doing it without me?"

"Hell yeah," the male voice responded. "This is fucking unbelievable."

"You know it's probably some dude over there right?"

"Nope, it's totally a chick. Listen-" 

Carmen was moaning now, at the onset of climaxing. Tommy was huffing along, but steady. "You're getting close," Tommy said, "do it, cum with his dick in your mouth!"

She pulled the dick out and breathed heavily. "Oh fuck! Fuck!" She declared, then took a deep breath and shoved the dick back in, squealing. She knew how hot it made Tommy when she would cum with his own dick in her mouth, and she could feel how hard his penis had become. 

"Holy shit," said the female voice. 

Carmen was moaning good now. With her free hand she grabbed her boob. Then she moved her hand down her body and circled it against her clit. She came immediately. 

"Fuck-oh fuck!" came the male voice. She pulled the dick out, still squealing, gasping for breath. The dick was exploding, sending cum all over the booth. She held it tightly in her hand. 

Tommy was getting close too. He picked up speed and really started pounding. Carmen braced herself against the wall, and the stranger's dick slipped back through the hole. 

"Oh I love how wet you are," Tommy said, "I can really fuck hard!"

When Carmen opened her eyes, she saw an eye looking back at her through the hole. It was a female eye. 

Tommy pulled out and began to shoot his load all over Carmen. The load was huge, and landed everywhere. Carmen reached for the cock to try and contain it, pulling it into her mouth, but she was hit in face with a long strand of cum as she tried. 

She grabbed Tommy's dick and sucked him dry, then began to kiss more gently. She gave it a little hug, pressing it against her cheek. "This is still my favorite penis." She said. Then she stood up and kissed him. Then they laughed about how much cum Carmen had been sprayed with.

"I bet you're happy." She said. 

"Over the moon." 

Carmen bent down to pull her pants up. 

"Hey", said the female voice, "tell your hubby to stick his cock in here. I have a favor to return." 

Carmen looked at the eye through the whole. Then the female changed positions and showed her red lip-stick covered lips. Carmen reached for Tommy's penis. 

"Can you go again?" She asked. Then she stood up. "You can try the stranger here, it's only fair," she said. "Or I can take you home and ride your fucking brains out." She stood up and kissed him again. 

"And if you can hold on, you can spray me in the face again; I think there's still some spots you missed." Carmen flashed an innocent doe-eyed expression, pointing to a dry spot on her cheek. 

Tommy tapped on the wall. "Another time perhaps, I've got a hot date." 

They finished with their pants and opened the curtain when the women next door opened hers. She handed Carmen a piece of paper with a phone number written across it. 

"We'd love to play some more." The woman said. 

"You were amazing," the man said to Carmen. 

They were both attractive people. Carmen took the paper and stuffed it into her pocket. There were some awkward smiles and then the man said "well, get going, you've got brains to fuck out. I know you did mine!"

They turned and left, quickly leaving the store. They started the car and began their drive home. Carmen reached over and pulled Tommy's cock out as he drove. She leaned down and began to kiss it. 

"Two things occur me." Tommy said, trying to focus, and trying not to speed, "One, you never did suck me through the glory hole." 

"Don't look a gift horse in the mouth," Carmen said, muffled by the dick in between her lips. 

"Two, we forgot to buy the dildos." 

She licked her tongue along the length of his penis. "We'll just have to come back then won't we."