 This is my second story. I want to thank all of you who commented on my first, especially those who offered constructive criticism. As my first story stemmed quite a bit from real experience, I was not surprised to see the comments that it was "believable." This story, however, is a real stretch for me, especially since the lead character is a woman. It's a response to a challenge I made to myself. I hope that you like it. It's also quite long and takes awhile to heat up, mainly because I wanted to develop the characters a bit before the fun stuff started. Enjoy!

DISCLAIMER: This story contains some male to male sexual contact and group sex. If that offends you, you might want to consider skipping this story and reading something else. All characters are over eighteen.

*****

Addy's Summer of Awakening

I gasped when I saw his death announcement in the Bulletin of Higher Education-Dr. Rajesh Ramenkutti, Associate Professor of Physics, Barnes Institute of Technology, age 32, cancer. Even though his parents called me when he died and I attended his funeral, seeing those words in black and white somehow shocked me all over again. Perhaps it's the finality of it all. When something is printed, it might as well be etched in stone. My memories started coming back like the way the raw emotions flowed into me when I gave birth to my son Phillip Rajesh Mason. Raj was such a big part of my youth, as was our dear friend Phil who passed just last year in a horrible car accident. Raj and Phil were gone. What would life be like?

I guess you could say that Raj and Phil were my best friends in high school. I didn't realize that until my senior year, though, but the maturity and perspective I gained during that time made the fact so clear in the weeks before I left for college. The boys were nerds. I can't say it any more plainly or any more accurately. They competed over grades, over video games, and over the least little acknowledgment that I could give. But I didn't quite realize how they felt about me until the summer of my senior year.

I'm Dr. Adelaide Isabel Mason. I'm the associate dean at an exclusive college for women in central Virginia. In high school I was Addy-head cheerleader, prom queen, girlfriend to the starting quarterback on our state championship team. I had it all from the social perspective, and I had brains too. I moved in the best circles, went to all the cool parties, my parents had all the right connections. My life was so different from Raj and Phil's. Raj's parents ran a small Indian restaurant that had modest success in our little town. When he wasn't studying, he worked. Phil's dad died while serving in the military and his mom fell on hard times. They lived in a trailer park on the outskirts of town. Tammy, Phil's mom, was a drunk and a slut, so Phil spent most of his time at school or studying in our local diner so he wouldn't have to be at home. I had it made. My dad was a crackerjack lawyer who represented the mining companies that I now know ruined our town and my mom was an ER doc at the local hospital. I had everything I ever wanted growing up, and more important, I had what every child really needs, loving, concerned, and involved parents. 

Raj, Phil, and I were great friends in elementary school. We competed for grades, studied together, and generally hung out most of the time. In middle school, though, everything began to change. My braces came off. I blossomed. My boobs started to come in, I now sport 34 C's thank you very much, I never struggled with acne, and I inherited my mom's great looks—luxurious auburn hair, green eyes, and a lithe, athletic body. Like mom, I was fair skinned, and for some reason, even my freckles came in at the perfect places for optimum effect. But Raj and Phil grew nerdier and nerdier as middle school went on especially since it seemed that puberty was making them wait at the end of the line. By the time we reached high school, the popular boys asked me out several times a week while Phil and Raj played backgammon and video games together.

In high school I started dating Chad, yes, his name was Chad. He was a great quarterback, who went on to fame in college and even got drafted in the seventh round by the pros, although he didn't make his team and came back home to coach at our high school. Chad was the most popular guy in school, and as I would come to learn, a total shit.

For the most part, high school was dreamy for me. I ran with the popular crowd, made excellent grades, enjoyed my popular, handsome boyfriend, and generally basked in the glowing cocoon my loving parents constructed for us. That is until senior year advanced calculus with Mr. Moore came around. Jeez I struggled in that class. Well "struggled" isn't exactly the word. I sort of got it, but "B's" were unacceptable to me at the time. Phil and Raj breezed through the first weeks of class, so sometime in late September I asked them to tutor me. My SAT's were excellent and I'd applied at several of the best schools in the country. I wasn't going to ruin my GPA with one class. Also, I wanted to knock either Raj or Phil off the pedestal and be valedictorian or salutatorian—did I mention that I was as competitive as they were?

As expected Raj and Phil laughed and mocked me when I approached them, but being all around good eggs they agreed to help. Our tests were usually on Fridays, so we got in the habit of studying together at my house on Thursday nights. Mom and dad would order pizza for the three of us, go off on "date night," and leave us alone to study. And we studied hard, but the boys were so good at explaining things to me, unlike the obtuse Mr. Moore, that I usually got what I needed after an hour or so and the guys and I would generally chat, watch some tv, and just enjoy each other's company again in ways that the social conventions at school wouldn't generally allow. I loved being with them, they were both more serious and funnier than the crowd I hung out with, especially Chad who in addition to being a total liar, cheater, and genuine shit, was also a complete meathead. We started to call our evenings our "Thursday Night Socials." With their help, by mid-term I'd pulled up to an "A-" and ultimately finished the course with an "A." Even after I started cruising in the class, the boys and I kept up the socials. We'd study for the tests for forty-five minutes or an hour then chitchat about everything under the sun. Their wit and intelligence energized me in ways that my boyfriend and my cheerleading sisters simply could not.

At graduation, they beat me out for the highest honor. I got an "A-" in a stupid religion course, try challenging creationism at a conservative Christian academy. That one grade knocked me out of contention. In early June my parents threw us a big party as we all got accepted to our dream schools and celebrated our eighteenth birthdays since the three of us were born only two days apart. Most of the kids at the party came from my social circle and generally ignored Raj and Phil, which I guess was a lot better than the bullying they got in the first years of high school. Isn't interesting how high school seniors seem to bond in their last year, even the geeky kids gain at least a tacit form of acceptance?

At the party Chad disappeared with Monica Lewinsky for an hour—no relation to the chick with the blue dress from the Oval Office—just a sad coincidence. It was a frequent occurrence. All the girls wanted him for his handsome face and chiseled body. And he was a weakling. I'd become used to Chad's dalliances, but Raj and Phil were incensed. The next day they both came over to my house to tell me how I needed to drop the jerk. I knew they were right, but heck, it was the last summer of freedom and I enjoyed Chad's physical attributes as well. A week after my eighteenth birthday, I let Chad take my cherry. 

Over the summer, I didn't see Raj and Phil all that much. Occasionally, mom and dad would take us to Raj's parent's restaurant, he'd stop and say "hi" but the place was bustling and he always had to get back to work. Phil was even more out of sight. He got a job at the mine to save money for Tech where he was starting in the fall. He was so brilliant. After his freshman year he left school for a job in Silicon Valley and became the first billionaire to hail from our hometown. Raj and I stuck it out. He ultimately became a respected physicist and I got my Ph. D. in English and moved into administration after my divorce. I loved teaching, but the financial benefits of being a dean helped bolster my income as a single mom. 

Reading Raj's obituary brought back so many memories of my years with the boys, our Thursday Night Socials, and what I now recognize as the most amazing sexual experience of my life. Just thinking about it, I got so wet in my office that I told my administrative assistant to hold my calls, locked the door, and diddled my wet pussy to a wicked orgasm. When I finished, I cried for Raj and my dear Phil and thought back again to that summer day, the Thursday before I left for college. 

Summer was coming to an end. The week before I was to catch my flight to school in Palo Alto, my dad's stepmother died. She'd been living in Sweden for over twenty years. I'd never met her, but mom told me that she was very important to dad when he was young and that they were going to have to go to her funeral. They'd get back the day before my flight to see me off, but I'd have the week before college on my own at the house. For many kids in that situation, alone at mom and dad's McMansion with two fridges stocked with beer, a wine collection to die for, and a fully stocked bar, that news would have conjured dreams of a week of blowout parties. But I had other ideas. There was no way I was going to college with Chad as my ball and chain, especially since I was going to California and he had an athletic scholarship from an east coast school. We'd had sex a few times that summer, but the encounters were always quick and in his car, hardly comfortable. I'd jerk him off, give him a blowjob, or let him pump into me a few times until he pulled out and came. He'd never lasted long in my pussy and he'd never gone down on me or given me an orgasm. But the contact we had kindled the voracious sexual appetite that still energizes me to this day. I decided that I'd have him over for a proper fuckfest then kick him to the curb. I figured he'd be relieved that he didn't have to give me the "I think we should see other people when we go to college" talk.

Mom and dad left on Sunday. I spent all day Monday preparing for a Tuesday night of fun with Chad. I drove into the city twenty miles away and bought the ingredients for a great romantic dinner, shrimp, caviar, and fancy handmade pasta. On the way home I stopped at a farmer's market just outside of town and purchased a variety of fresh veggies. I took a long bath, shaved my legs and underarms, I even trimmed my pussy hair which was getting a little out of control. I got so horny! While trimming my hairs, I decided to shave completely around the lips and most of my mound leaving a "landing strip" like the one I'd seen on this gorgeous model when I peeked at one of my dad's dirty magazines. Something about trimming down there made me so wet. Hell, to be honest, I got so horny I felt like a vagina with legs. I got out of the bath and looked at my naked body in mom's full-length mirror. Inspecting myself, I came to an objective conclusion. I was smoking hot! My boobs had almost reached their full 34 C size. The light pink aureoles were offset by puffy nipples that were nearly as round as a dime. When I tweaked them, they got hard and protruded out by nearly a half inch. Watching them in the mirror made me want to lick them, which I did instinctively, holding them up one by one and lapping them with my hungry tongue. My auburn hair, which I had just got cut short into a pixie, had the most beautiful texture. My shoulders sported a sprinkling of sexy freckles. My green eyes were so penetrating, that I understood why dad liked to call me "bright eyes." Turning around I realized why I was always catching men ogling my ass. And my trimmed pussy looked so pink and wet. I just had to touch it. 

I reclined on mom and dad's bed. Taking my time, I licked my nipples over and over, tweaking them with my thumb and forefinger pinching them hard, pulling on them, making myself so wet. The aureole puckered like goose bumps and my nipples protruded to almost an inch. Mom and dad had mirrors all around the room, I was too innocent then to realize why, but I took notice and watched myself as I masturbated which added a great deal to the session. My hand drifted down to my pussy which was so wet and warm I felt like I could be happy just leaving my fingers inside me forever. I teased the remaining hairs on my landing strip, pulling them softly, then harder, alternating between hard yanks and soft tweaks. My fingers traced the bald area next to my lips. Finally, I let my finger enter me. I'd never been so wet in my life. It got me so hot that I slipped in a second finger, then a third.

Seeing my reflection in the mirror as I gently finger fucked my pussy and pinched my nipples really got me going. Soon I was ramming my fingers in and out of me like I was being plowed by a succubus. My orgasm began to build and I brought my other hand down to finger my clit. The heavy breathing sounds and moans I was making (it was great not having to be quiet lest mom or dad found out) only added to the sexual heat. Finally I came on my fingers letting out a scream. I curled into a ball and hugged myself as the tremors slowly subsided. This had been the best masturbation session I'd had since I'd started earlier in the summer. The solitude, the ability to vocalize, made me fell so free. Damn! I thought why did I have to live on campus with a roommate for a year before I could get my own apartment? Slowly I came out of my reverie and got dressed. I spent the rest of the night reading and slept in.

Next day I hauled my lazy butt out of bed at noon and went for a swim. The cool water felt so good in the hot August sun. I sunned for awhile on the chaise lounge and started to get horny again. Thinking of what I was going to do with Chad that evening also got me excited. I resisted the urge to fuck myself again and went inside to tidy up and take a nice shower before Chad came over. I wanted a bath, but I knew I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off myself if I got into a nice hot bubbly tub. Instead I showered, which did little to abate my horniness, and just enjoyed the tingling anticipation.

When I got out of the shower I went into mom and dad's bedroom. I'd already decided that none of my clothes were right for the occasion. I found a matching set of mom's underwear, a deep red bra and matching lace panties. Rummaging through her drawer, I found a pair of sheer black stockings and figured out how to put on the garters and suspenders and slipped on a pair of her red stilettos. I looked like a young whore. I felt like one too. After all, I was getting ready to fuck the crap out of this guy I realized I had absolutely no feelings for. Of course I didn't feel guilty at all because I knew he cheated on me and, hey, he was going to get the ride of his life. I slipped on mom's favorite yellow sundress. I'm about two inches taller than her, so the bottom of the dress came up scandalously high on my thighs, revealing the top of the garters. Going back into my room, I got out my make-up case and tried to doll my face up the way mom would when she and dad had a date. I chose a deep red lipstick that matched the bra and panties. I felt so pretty.

When I was satisfied with the look, I went down stairs, mixed the salad and did the mise en place for the dinner. Remarkably, Chad arrived on time which meant he was fifteen minutes late. I greeted him at the door and kissed him deeply. He then exclaimed "My God Addy! You look so beautiful!" 

I said nothing. Rather, I dropped to my knees and began rubbing his cock through his pants. I'd already figured I'd need to give him a release if I wanted him to last longer when the fucking began. Rubbing him outside of his pants, I watched as his bulge got bigger and bigger. Wrapping my hand around it I stroked him over his pants. It felt kind of lewd. I liked it! I could feel my cheeks and chest flushing with sexual tension. Undoing his zipper I reached in and pulled his beautiful cock out of his khakis. His dick looked so pink and inviting. He was about four and a half inches semi-hard and grew another inch or inch and a half after he got worked up. It was so pink and pretty. Each vein bulged and on his little tip, I could see a drop of pre-cum. I flicked my tongue over his pee hole, and then pulled down his pants and undies so I could get that yummy thing into my mouth. Although I knew this was just a preliminary to a long night of fucking, I wanted to go slow and give him the best blowjob I possibly could.

Taking Chad's member into my hot mouth, I felt at once so slutty and so hungry. I sucked in just the tip and slowly began adding inch after inch until I had his full shaft in my mouth. I gagged a bit, but he was just the right size, his tip reaching just the front of my throat. Slowly I pumped him in and out of my wet, warm mouth, letting my saliva drip down his shaft. His cock became so slippery and I could feel every bump and vein in my trampy mouth. He stopped me for a second to pull his pants and briefs all the way off. My pussy oozed with excitement.

Every time I felt Chad begin to get close, I'd slow down and let his cock slip out of my mouth. I'd tease the tip with my tongue and run it up and down his engorged shaft. One time I went down and licked his scrotum the sensation of which seemed to drive him wild. I took each testicle in my mouth and sucked them, then licked my way back up his shaft and resumed sucking his beautiful cock. 

Chad moaned and put his hands on either side of my head. At first his fingers gently caressed my hair, but soon they became more insistent. He started fucking my face, increasing the speed with each pump and moaning guttural noises like I've never heard before. Soon he said, "Addy, I'm going to cum."

When I would blow Chad in his car, he'd always warn me and I'd have a tissue ready to catch his cum. But tonight, I not only wanted to taste it, I wanted to drink it down like the hot sexy woman I could feel myself becoming every minute his cock was in my mouth. Finally he grunted and started to pull away, but I grabbed him by the hips and impaled my mouth on his exploding penis. Soon he filled my mouth with his warm salty-sweet bitterness. 

My first taste of cum. Oh how I wanted more!

Chad collapsed against the front door, his breathing was somewhat irregular as if he'd just finished his sprints after practice. He said "Jesus Addy, that was fantastic."

I just smiled naughtily at him, winked, and said "glad you liked it, there's a lot more to come."

Chad put his pants back on and I took his hand and led him into the den. I mixed him a Jack and Coke from dad's bar. I made myself a gin and tonic with a twist of lime. I'd never tried one before, but it was mom's go to drink. After the first sip I realized that I could learn to like that as much as I was already learning to like the taste of cum.

Chad and I enjoyed our drinks and made small talk about the summer coming to an end. He'd already been to school for some spring training with the team and was only back for a few days until the fall semester and practice started. Games would begin in the second week of school. He said he liked the guys and the coach, but realized how difficult college football was going to be and how hard he knew he'd have to work. In a really unChadlike way, he confessed to being a bit worried about whether or not he could handle it all. 
