 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Nobody under eighteen, work of fiction, any resemblance to anyone living or dead, or undead is totally ridiculous. Please be gentle in your commentary. Its a fantasy. 

*****

Young men in their twenties have remarkable sexual abilities. I was no exception. I had just gone through a very nasty divorce. I was basically working to survive, paying the lawyer, taking care of my daughter as best I could. I was working crazy long hours, doing concrete work during the day, and working the night shift in a grocery store. 

I had just finished balling my insane girlfriend. I was tired, so I fell asleep. My beautiful but crazy girlfriend woke me up to let me know of her latest disease, condition, or affliction. She was a hypochondriac beyond belief.

So when she told me that she had a miscarriage in my toilet, well, I just plain didn't believe it.

Then I said something, something really bad to her. I should never have said it, but it popped into my head, and I said it without thinking. She right crossed me, a perfect left jab to my face. She followed up with a right to the solar plexus, and a perfect kick to my nuts. I had managed to get my hands in the way a bit, but it was still furiously painful. I don't hit women. But I'm not putting up with that shit either!

I staggered backwards. "Ok, that is it. Get the fuck out. I've NEVER hit a woman, but I'm... done with you. Get out, we are done, finished! Take all your shit and go. Goodbye, it was nice knowing you. I never want to see you again. Please leave now!" My balls and my eye hurt bad, real bad.

"Dell, you are a son of a bitch! I am out of here. Fuck you prick. I'm never coming back."

"Wait a second!" I said.

Maybe she was expecting an apology. "Give me back my keys, to the car, to the apartment. Lets go, right now!" 

She had her own car, and her own apartment. If we are broken up, she doesn't need mine.

She threw the keys in my face. Walked out the door.

Stopped turned, "You can kiss my ass, fucker!" She slapped her fat ass, threw me the bird, and was out the door, gone. She did have a perfect ass. I would miss that, and her pussy was perfect as well. Too bad they were attached to her!

Well that went well, I thought. Imagine, I was gonna marry THAT WOMAN. What, was I nuts? I went in search of first aid. Doorbell rang. She's back for round two? 

I flung open the door, and there was my very pretty eighteen year old babysitter. Blond and buxom. I was twenty-three then. "Pammy! What are you doing here?" She was here on the wrong night.

"I'm here to watch your daughter, silly."

"No, I'm off tonight. I need you for the day after tomorrow night!" 

"Well I'm staying. I just saw your bitch girlfriend peel out of here. You two have a fight?"

We closed and locked the door. We went into the kitchen.

"Keep it down, Kelly is asleep, and I'm pretty sure Ray is as well, he's got to be up early, like five-ish for work tomorrow. I just changed Kelly and got her to sleep." I whispered.

"Dell, your face! Did that no good bitch of a girlfriend do this to you? You have a shiner."

"A black eye? It hurts less than my balls!" I should mention I was wearing a sorta gift from my ex-wife. She returned this, a nice oriental silk robe, white and semi- transparent. I was naked underneath. It was in a box of cast offs. I was her biggest cast off!

"Let me check!" Pammy opened my robe right there in the kitchen, and started examining my balls. She cradled them in her hand, while she held my hardening shaft in her other hand. Then she was on her knees, my cock in her mouth.

I still had my now ex-girlfriend's

juices and semen on my dick.

She was making happy noises around my cock. She stood up and bent over the kitchen table. Pammy flipped up her skirt and pulled down her wet panties.

"Fuck me, Dell. I've wanted you for months now. Give it to me PLEASE." She was dripping, she was wet. I placed my cock next to her sopping wet slit and pushed. She was extremely hot and tight. I put in about four inches into her cunt. She shuddered and came. I was stopped. Pammy was a virgin! 

"You sure that you want me to take your cherry?" I asked her.

"Yes I'm very sure. C'mon fuck my pussy good. Jam it in there!" She wanted it bad.

One sharp thrust, Pammy was a virgin no more. She moaned in a bit of pain. "Do you want me to stop?" I knew everyone said the first time was painful.

"NO, HELL NO! Keep going!

I want you to cum! And me too, if I can." She was determined.

I started out slow and easy till she got used to me. After a while, I picked up the pace, fuckin her harder and deeper than before. Pammy was really starting to like it. I squeezed her tits and twisted her nipples hard. She was moaning happily now. 

Suddenly she stopped. Pammy was coming on me, really hard. Her cunt clench on my dick, really hard. She screamed, I put my hand over her mouth. I didn't want to wake up my friend, or my infant, or my landlord who lived downstairs. 

I said, "Pammy! PLEASE keep your voice down!" I whispered loudly.

"Oh, but Dell! It was glorious! Did you come?"

"No, but that's ok! I enjoyed feeling you orgasm."

"Lets go to bed. I want to fuck and suck you all night long. Would you like some ice?"

"For what?" 

"For that eye. She really clocked you good. I'm cleaning us up. I got a bit of blood on us.

I want to suck your cock till you come in my mouth. I want to taste you. I want your cum in my mouth. Then I want to ride you. Would you lick my pussy?"

"Sure. I'll fuck you too! Till you squeal!" I said.

She and I got in bed, me sucking and squeezing her big puffy nipples. She loved it when I ate her pussy and teased her clitoris until she came repeatedly. I think she came ten times. Then, true to her word, she put my dick in her extremely wet vagina, and rode me like a naked bull rider!

After much fucking and sucking, and many orgasms, I was exhausted. Sated, but pretty tired. Where does she get her energy? She and I fell asleep in each other's arms.

I awoke alone. There was a coffee, and a note.

"Dear Dell, 

Hallelujah! What a night! Your ex-wife showed up right on time this morning. I had the baby all changed, and cleaned up. I fed her too. You were so tuckered out, I just left you alone to sleep. I wanted to stay, but I had an appointment. Sorry about that! 

Xxooxx Pammy.

P.S. you were great!"

Alone again. Sounds like a good song title. I cleaned up the bed, got new sheets and pillow cases. That done, off to the showers. Got clean and dry.

My doorbell rings.

I figured it was the ex-girlfriend, coming over either to torture me, or beg forgiveness.

I opened the door, It was a beautiful woman, dressed to the nines.

"Oh my goodness, you're so beautiful!" I said stupidly. I was a bit shocked. 

"Thank you! I'm Catherine McCarthy from Edelweiss Insurance. Is Ray Parker around?" I knew what was going on, schedule an appointment when you're not there, hmmm. He might not if he had seen her!

"He's not here at the moment. I'm his friend Dell, Dell Farmer. Won't you come in?" 

"The Farmer in the Dell?"

"Yeah never heard that before. Ha ha."

"I'm sorry! Dell short for something?"

"Dellphino Frank Farmer. Named after a relative. I think my folks had a sense of humor."

I spun around and went up the stairs. I felt her eyes on my ass, the silk robe was semi- see-through. 

"That is an interesting robe."

"My ex- wife gave it back to me when we split. You caught me cleaning up, I'm afraid." She could probably see my ass. I was back-lit, the light coming down the steps from the overhead light. We entered the living room. I'm glad I had tidied up. 

"Can I fix you a drink? I'm learning to be a bartender, so the sky 's the limit. But you have to be honest about how it tastes. Perhaps a bloody Mary?

Something difficult as a test for me."

"How about a Russian bloody Mary?"

"What is that?"I asked.

"Easy. Vodka substitutes for gin. Make it weak please!" She apparently didn't want to get too drunk. I whipped together her drink added the customary celery stalk. And gave it to her.

When I handed her her drink she was looking at my dick. Straight at it, unblinking she stared at my semi-hard cock.

"Do you still want this or would you rather have this?" I asked. I gestured to my groin.

She said, "Your cock?" She was openly looking now.

"Well actually I'm holding another drink in front of you, I guess you were looking at something else. This is a pink lady. May I have your honest opinion on both?" I moved closer and the head of my dick slipped out from between the folds of the robe. She reached out her hand to take the drink and instead grabbed my dick.

"Dell, you have been a very bad boy, teasing me with this meat here, ever since I got here. I'm going to have to punish you."

She fell to her knees. My cock went right down her gullet. She had both hands on my ass cheeks as she fucked her own face and throat with my now very hard cock. She spanked me with both hands as she continued her oral assault on Mr. Happy.

I grabbed her beautifully coiffed head, but she pulled back, "No! Don't mess up my hair! Grab my tits or my throat and neck." I did BOTH. My left hand grabbed her neck in the back, and my thumb was about her throat. My right hand grasped her big D size tits and squeezed.

She moaned. She liked being dominated. She also loved sucking cock. She seemed to really love MY COCK. I carefully started unbuttoning her silk blouse, I dropped it on a chair. I removed her bra, she had big high beautiful tits, capped by hard brown nipples, and three inches of dark areolas. They were amazing boobs, in that they were big, but stays high up on her chest, defying gravity!

I unzipped her skirt and she stepped out of it. I grabbed her panties and roughly pulled them down and off of her. I pushed her back and dived between her thighs tongue first. She had a little orgasm as I ate her cunt, and she had a bigger cum when I teased and teased her clitoris. Finally, I bit and sucked it lightly. She screamed as she came again. 

I placed my dick against her hole and pushed my member inside her. She said, "OH yes, fuck me, fuck me, FUCKME good! It Is so fuckin good. Oh shit, I'm...I'm...COMING AGAIN AND AGAIN!!"

Catherine really seemed to enjoy my dick. I stood up, with her still on my hard cock and walked into the bedroom. She loved it. I kept on fucking her the whole way. She was giggling. "Wow you're strong!"

That second she came like a rocket. A huge cum that left her speechless. 

I flipped her over, on all fours, and got behind her. I put some KY on her brown eye and shoved two fingers in very roughly. She loved it. I plunged into her anus all the way in one long push. 

She cried out, but as I hammered her asshole for at least ten minutes, when Catherine screamed, "HOLY SHIT, I'M GONNA CUM, AND IT'S GONNA BE A BIG ONE!"

I twisted her nipples, pulled hard on them and said, "Cum for me, NOW!" She did. 

She screamed again, "YESYESYES, I'M...COMING!! UGHHH" She squirted and spasmed on my dick, clenching and unclenching her anus. I flipped her over, and stuck two fingers in her cunt, thumb on her clit.I twisted, poked and pulled. She screamed one last time. I pumped her asshole full of jism.. She passed out. 

I pulled us over, went to sleep with me still in her asshole. I don't think she sat for a week. I was balls deep inside a very beautiful woman, in her rectum. She had come on my dick, multiple times. It really doesn't get any better than that. I was very happy.

*********

I awoke with a start. "Catherine?" She was nowhere to be found. She left me a nice note. 

"Dear Dell, 

That was the single greatest sex I have ever had. I loved it! I really think I could fall for you. You are so perfect! But... I'm married. I have two children. I feel an obligation to try to work it out with my husband, despite his shortcomings. Ha ha. Regardless of the fact that I really really loved what you do to me, I'm going to try again. I must! I am so sorry, I really am, but this can't happen again. I really want to, but I just can't do it! Please don't call me. The temptation is way too great!

Yours very truly, Catherine."

Oh well...Easy come, easy go!

At least she really enjoyed it.

Got up, changed the sheets, again! Got a shower, not quite finished. Ring-ring! Damn door bell. So I put on the white silk robe. It has an oriental dragon design on the back. The little bit of water on my body makes the thing damn near transparent. I go down to see who is knocking at my door. I open the door...

"Jo Ann DeCastro! Oh my God, it's so good to see you! Come on in." I hugged her, I felt her hands on my butt! Her fingers dug in my ass cheeks. She squeezed and giggled. I had a huge crush on her in high school, she barely knew I existed. We got drunk the last day of finals, and made out in the back seat of my parents Buick. Then I had not seen her since graduation. She was very nice, if a bit of a BBW. I did not care, I knew she was built under the stupid minimizing outfits she wore. She did not want the world to know she had huge whopper tits and ass.

"Dell, you feel terrific! Except, what happened to your eye? Did you lose badly?" My black eye looked worse than it felt.

"I don't hit girls, unless you count spanking! Broke up with 

Babs. I said something very bad, and she right-crossed me.

I'll give her this, she hits hard!

She damn near killed me when she went after my balls!"

"Let me see! I'm a nurse."

She lifted the hem of the robe. She admired my Johnson. She looked at my poor hurt testicles.

"Hey, not on my front porch!

Let's go inside. You can check my balls to your heart's content!

C'mon!" I said.

I turned around and started up the stairs and Jo Ann grabbed my ass and giggled. She liked my equipment for sure. Her hand was on my ass the whole set of steps.

My friend Jo Ann was fat... But almost ALL of that fat resided in her unbelievably humongous

juggs, or her sexy, beautiful fuckable fat ass. I saw her ass, and my dick immediately wanted to get in there. Jo Ann had a pretty narrow waist, making clothes shopping damn near impossible. Her mom altered things for her, and she wore oversized things left loose. The woman was a true hourglass figure. Her gigantic tits took my breath away.

She caught me checking her out. She grinned. "You really love my tits, don't you?"

"Honey, you put every other woman to shame. They make my dick rock fuckin' hard."

I was so hard my dick was out between the ends of the robe.

"I'll be back in a minute."

I went into the bathroom, made sure I was all cleaned up. Don't know why, but this robe seemed to bring me good luck.

"Jo Ann." I put two sofa pillows down in front of me. " I want you down on your knees, NOW." She looked at me with a little fear, and a small smile.

She got on her knees. Her face was inches from my cock. She was smiling so hard. She was a bit of a submissive. I could deal with that, no problem. Just call me master.

"Suck my cock, now." She parted the hem of the robe. My erection was very hard. My dick was horizontal and pointed at her mouth. "NOW." She opened her mouth and leaned forward to encase my cockhead with her mouth. Her mouth was warm and wet. "You like it don't you? You enjoy sucking on my dick, pleasuring me don't you?"

"Yes, I love sucking on your big, hard dick. You're gonna fuck my ass too, aren't you? You know I love that too. I need a spanking too! I love it rough. I love it when you dominate me. Make me suck your big fuckin dick!" She was taking in almost all my cock.

I helped her suck by holding her head with my hands, and fucking her face slowly. I said, "Unbutton your shirt." She did as I ran my fingers through her hair and my dick in her mouth.

"Take it off, then take off the bra."

Her tits were gigantic. Each tit was as big as my head. I stopped her for a suck on her thumb size nipples. Each was dark and wrinkled with anticipation. Her areolas had to be five inches across. I sucked on her big nipples with glee.

I was surprised with milk in my mouth. Jo Ann was lactating!

I sucked her dry both sides as she cooed. I urged her onto the sofa, "Lay back slut. I want to taste you." I dove into her folds with gusto. I hooked two fingers inside her twat as I rubbed her G spot and licked her clit. She didn't last two minutes. 

She was screaming, "Oh Dell, you are so fuckin good! Please don't stop. I'm...I'm... Coming! Ughhh! Yes yes yes, fuck me, fuck me, I'm COMING AGAIN. Wooo shit. I'm squirting. Oh fuck. Do it! I need you inside me PLEASE!"

I put her legs on my shoulders and shoved my dick inside her roughly, all the way in till I hit bottom. I grunted, "I'm going to fuck you so hard, you won't be able to walk!" I was slamming in and out of her dripping snatch. She had sprayed me with her womanly juices. She shuddered again and screamed. She came like a rocket! Her cunt was spraying, and her humongous tits were spraying milk as she climaxed.

I grabbed the KY. I lubed up her asshole and some on my dick. I pulled out of her tight cunt and shoved it right into her brown eye. She was a bit surprised, I pushed all the way into her anus. I twisted her nipples. I bit her lip. She came again and again. She would shiver, then shudder hard when I fucked her behind. She loved anal.

I pulled out and flipped her over. I spanked her ass, both cheeks, till she was bright red.

"OH my God, I'm COMING AGAIN, don't stop! Ughhh OH yes yes uhhh!" I spread her cheeks and very roughly sodomized her again. Again she climaxed "Ohmygod, holy shit, here I cum!" She creamed and yelled, "FUCK me Dell. Do it. Fuck my asshole good!" 

I was ready to cum, "I'm going to cum. Turn around and take it in your mouth!" She spun around and took my rock hard dick into her mouth, apparently not bothered by where it had just been. She sucked like her life depended on it. I spewed into her mouth, a huge load, and she could not swallow fast enough, she choked and some of my cum came out of her nose. She smiled and showed me her mouth was full of my semen. She closed her mouth and swallowed. She even got the cum from her nose.

"Well?" I asked.

"That was just fantastic! I...

I... Well, uh. You see, um..."

"Just say it."

"I already have a boyfriend. He's really terrific, warm and loving. I have an eighteen month old boy with him. He...

He... He can't fuck me like you can. He tries, but ... Let's face it, you have owned me for YEARS.

I heard about you and the bitch,

I had to try, I want you so bad! But I love him. What am I going to do?" 

"Well, make an appointment for hair and nails once a month. But come here first. Ill take good care of your needs. You still love him. I beat your cheating ass and fuck it for you. How does that sound?"

"No" she said.

"No?" I said, looking at her naked body.

"It has to be at least twice a month. Maybe three or four times. I can't stay away from you. But it has to be a secret. Is that ok?" She wanted me to be her backdoor man. Literally.

"If it must be that way. Ok, sure." I would have loved to be with her every single night. I guess I'll take what I can get.

"I've got to go. My sister Jessica is watching Malcolm, my boy. You know she's still got the hots for you Dell? I'll bring her around, you can fuck us BOTH." She grinned. I liked the sound of that. Jess was the spitting image of her sister, just two years older. I wonder if she is submissive too? I would find out soon enough.

"Oh yeah!" I said. The thought of a threesome, with her and her sister made me very happy.

She dressed quickly and was gone. I missed her already. Three or four times a month, oh yeah! I could live with that.
