 Again, I would like to thank MidnightFalcon for his large contribution in helping me write this story.

******************************************

The Stratford Arms is a complex of apartments that is located near my college, the Chapel Hill Academy for women, and the city. The apartments are rather spacious, three bedrooms, a dinette, a large living room a large vanity area and shower, and an alcove with a small fridge and bar. Each pair of adjoining units has a shared balcony. Mine adjoins Brads; he's a med student at the college in the city and is doing his intern-ship at the local hospital.

One of the few males here, he always has a gaggle of girls from the Academy gathered around almost throwing themselves at him and pleading for him to attend their little parties which were in fact debauches. Though most of the girls chill out around the pool at night, he only goes down there on Saturdays and sometimes Sundays. I like to sunbathe, so I generally go down during breaks between classes or when I have nothing scheduled that day. We know his schedule for working out in the gym so there's always a crowd around on Sunday afternoons around two.

It was just one of those afternoons when I had free time that I was just closing the door to my apartment headed for the pool. The delivery guy was about to knock on Brad's unit with a package when I intercepted him and signed for the small box. I figured it was a good way to have a moment with him. He probably would be coming home around seven and I intended to show up in my canary yellow thong bikini pretending to have just come from the pool.

I spent my usual hour getting some sun then went up to play with my computer. I showered and washed the sun cream off. I passed the full length mirror and paused to admire my body.........Ummm, not bad I though to myself. I turned and did a little pirouette before sitting on the bed intending to put my shorts on.

Noticing that my pussy could use a shave I went back for my razor and cream. Again I sat on the bed in front of my mirror and smoothed the shaving cream on my pussy. It's mentholated and before I had finished, I was quite aroused. Oh hell, I thought, I'm horny, so why not. I got my dildo and vibrator from the bed stand and returned to sit before the mirror.

Wetting my dildo in my mouth, I inserted it in my pussy and began to get that tingly sensation. I intended to use the vibrator when I really got worked up. Sort of the grand finally, so to speak. When I masturbate during the day, I have to admit, I love to do it in front of a mirror and talk to myself as if I'm being fucked by my neighbour, Brad.

It's one of my favourite fantasies I guess, but boy do I get off imagining him fucking me. Anyway I continued to pump the thing in and out and I was really getting juicy. The faster I pumped it the more came out and soon the dong was coated with a milky cream that forms a sort of white ring near the base.

I could feel myself begin to tremble, and I thought: time for the big finish as I turned on the vibrator. Touching it to my clit I let out a long sigh......... "Ooooh Brad, that feels so fucking good. Oh my god you are good," I breathlessly chanted, "more, yeah just like that baby, just like that."

Lying back panting, I thought, "God that was intense, I wonder what he would see if he was watching me fuck myself while sobbing his name." On a whim I moved to the computer and turned on the web-cam. I could see myself and I wondered.....What if? So I started all over again, but this time, not in front of the mirror, but in front of my computer. The naughtiness of the whole idea was even more exciting than I could ever imagine. The more I watched, the better it got and soon my right hand was a blur as I stroked the dildo in and out watching my juices form a milky collar at the base. This time I didn't even need the vibrator. I came hard and I screamed out his name........ "Braddddd, I'm cumming for you baby."

I lay back exhausted and slowly recovered. Then I returned to the computer to see what I actually looked like when I orgasmed......... I'm not a narcissist but I looked really sexy and it actually excited me to watch myself doing it. Then I went into the shower again and put on a pair of tight white shorts and a pullover.

Turning again to the computer I watched myself walking around the room.....I had left the web-cam on.

That evening I put on my yellow bikini, the one which I wouldn't dare wear at the pool. The girls would have thought me slutty because it didn't hide a damn thing. Thong bottom and the barest of a bra top that actually let my nipples peek over the top. I heard him fumbling for the keys to the door to his apartment just as I caught up with him.

I introduced myself. "Hi, I'm Adele, your neighbour and.....well this package came for you and I signed for it. Here."

I waited for a response..... He was looking at me and sort of peeking below the package I was holding out. I think I heard an intake of breath before he answered.

"Thanks, Er... Adele, that's sweet. Come on in and have a drink if you'd care to."

Wild horses couldn't have stopped me. He seemed sort of shy and really didn't make a very good drink but at that moment I didn't care how it tasted. I was with my Brad and I was starting to get wet again. Now a canary yellow thong really shouldn't be worn when you get horny. Especially if you're a weeper like I am. I mean I get really wet when I get excited. I tried to distract him so he wouldn't see the growing wet streak appearing at my crotch.

"Nice computer," I commented. "It has a web-cam too. Ever use it?"

Sometimes, he answered, when I'm conferencing with my family. While I sat watching him opened the package and looked in. At first he seemed shocked, and then a look of anger crossed his face. After that he didn't say much and seemed anxious to excuse himself so I left.

I had this compulsion to see what he would do after I left and was curious about the package he had received. I went out on the balcony and moved down to his window. Peeking in the end of the blinds I had a fairly good view of his bedroom. I was becoming a voyeur. Again he went to the box and I saw him lift out one of those male masturbating machines, I think it's called a fleshlight or something similar.

I couldn't imagine why he would need something like that but I later found out that Shelly, one of the girls I had met in the gym, had sent it as an insult because he had given her the cold shoulder and turned her down when she offered him sex.

I learned a lot over the next week and a half. He showered every night around midnight. He ate liverwurst sandwiches and drank milk, while studying, and best of all. He slept in the buff. Not a stitch of clothing on and he had a perpetual semi erect cock that was shorn of its foreskin. He was beautiful in every way.

Then on Thursday, around one am he came out of his shower and walked into the room. I had emailed him a video I had made of myself masturbating but insured that my face wasn't in it. He went to the computer and downloaded my attachment. I was hunched down on the balcony waiting to see his reaction, as I was sort of touching myself.

I couldn't see below his desk but I could watch his expression. I loved the rapt look on his face and I began toying with my swollen clit. When he stood up I let out a gasp and plunged my fingers in my sopping cunt twisted my fingers anxiously, and actually had an orgasm that left me breathless.

There he stood, playing the scene of me on the computer again, and turning slightly, I could see the most massive hard-on I had ever dreamed possible. I was shaking as I waited. I wanted to see if he was excited enough to jerk off. He was.

He went from the screen only to return moments later. I watched him place a hanky or something over the keyboard and standing he began to jerk off. Knowing that he was staring at me, made it even more exciting, and when he came, it seemed as if the hot jets of cum was spurting directly at my image on the display......... I couldn't let it end there so I went back to my apartment and began to plan.

The next day I again met him in the hallway and suggested that we might go out some time if he ever wanted company..... He stared at me for a moment. Then his mouth dropped open. "You're the girl. The one who sent me the Email, your not the phantom lady, you're the real Adele.

I had forgotten the return address on my anonymous Email would be included along with my first name.

Dinner was fantastic and we danced for more than an hour and I was getting so hot and horny I kept thinking of ways to move on him. I thought, "Oh god Brad don't you see how horny you make me? Don't you feel how much I want your cock in my hot pussy? Can't you read my mind?"

And then he got a call that he was needed back at the hospital. He took me home and when we arrived he found the notice on his door knob. It was an announcement about the party that happens twice a month on Friday nights. 

They are sort of sex swapping things but I had always begged off because without an escort, you're open prey and I would have no choice, and have to fuck anyone who asked. I looked at Brad and asked: Would he go with me? Would he like to be my partner?

He must have still been angry at the fleshlight thing and wanted to prove something, so he said sure.

I had done it. I was going to a sex party and he was going to be my escort. His call from the hospital was forgotten. We went down to the pool area. The gates had been secured, but we were permitted in.

We were expected to take our clothes off and place them in a box near the gate. It was awkward and both of us were a bit shy as we stripped. Then we turned and walked in, hand in hand, and the ruckus started. All heads turned and there was a low roar of ooooh's and aaaaah's. As we came into view. I felt like meat I mean they had never seen us before and I guess we were fresh and new bodies to be used. Being a pair, we wore blue wristband, Singles wore red.

Those who wore yellow were available for anything. Before there could be any real sex, both parties had to agree on the person and understand what they were proposing to do. Three women approached Brad first and I approved, rather reluctantly, to let them suck his cock.

　

The first girl got down on her knees. I don't think she had sucked a cock before, or certainly not one that was as big as Brads. She tried to get it to her mouth but only managed to suck on his large cock head. She finally gave up and was given a cheer by the people surrounding Brad.

The next girl took her place in front of Brad and looked up into his eyes as she jerked his cock and kissed and licked at the it's head. I could see this was having some affect effect on Brad, but he was exhibiting a lot of self control.

She went at his cock for the full allowed time of five minutes before she was tapped on the shoulder and she got up from the floor, her jaws aching, as her friend passed her a drink to take away the sour taste of Brad's pre-cum. He was looking reasonably proud of himself when the third girl grasped hold of his cock. She was a pretty blonde with large breasts and I could see a certain chemistry between her and Brad.

She licked her lips whilst looking up into his eyes. She was massaging his balls as he looked down, and as her tongue flicked across the head of his cock, I knew right away that Brad was going to blow his load this time. Her mouth opened and at least 4 inches of his cock vanished in her mouth. Her lips sliding down his shaft as her fingers gripping the base of his cock.

There was now tension in the air. I almost didn't notice an arm going around my waist. It was one of the girls I knew from the gym. I put my arm around her as well and we watched together as Brads head went back, savouring his latest nymph's oral performance.

Her cheeks were dimpled as she pulled her head back and sucked on his cock. Brad put both his hands on the top of her head. He twisted his fingers into her blonde hair and he started to rock his hips, fucking her mouth.

My friend's fingers gripped my waist even tighter. I noticed that she was wearing a yellow wristband. I moved my hand up to her head and she took the hint and moved her head down to take my nipples in her mouth. Her fingers started to play with my clit while I continued to watch Brad fucking the blonde girls face.

My mind was getting confused. There was my latest boyfriend, face fucking another girl and I had another girl bringing me off with her fingers while she stood behind me watching. Brad somehow managed to look straight into my eyes, and then he looked down and pulled his cock out of the blonde's hungry mouth, and spew his cum across her face and into her gaping mouth. She was trying to capture as much of his cum as possible. He directed some at her breasts as well, and her fingers spread it over her nipples as soon as it arrived. The crowd cheered at the sluttish display.

She then stood up with her mouth wide open, showing everyone the milky mass of Brads cum. I could clearly see her throat muscles move as she swallowed the stringy mass of sperm. Then she opened her mouth and kissed Brad. He seemed to really enjoy what she had shared with him. That's when I cracked. I asked him if we could leave.

We gathered our clothes and went back to our apartment without even getting dressed. I didn't want to lose him at that point. I was unsatisfied and having watched that girl suck Brads cock like that, had me dripping wet. He didn't pick up on my urgency and we kissed good night.

Another night of solo sex was in store for me and I forced three orgasms before I was calmed down enough to drop off to sleep. The next day I decided that enough is enough and I made up my mind to force the issue.

It was ten in the evening. I had let myself into his apartment somewhere around eight and knew that he would arrive between nine and eleven, he always did. I was so damn horny that I couldn't wait for our planned date tomorrow night, and simply had to have him now.

When I entered I went directly to his bedroom and began unpacking my purse. The incense burner, the candles and all was laid out on the night stand and the remainder of my paraphernalia, I took to the bathroom. I showered, being careful not to get my hair wet. Had that happened I would have to spend too much time drying it and such, and I was simply too anxious to waste the time.

While I lathered myself I noticed that my pussy could use a little trimming. I have this little sculpted patch that is just above my cunt and I keep it trimmed short and in the shape of a little heart. That really was a mistake because after I showered and sat on the hamper I had worked myself up to a point where I was simply ready to explode. I had spent a bit too much time tending to my breast, and nipples, my derrière, and pussy, and now I was bordering on frenzy. I am very sensitive to touches in my secret areas.

I had forgotten my razor so I used his to trim my little sculpture and also either side of my slit. That damn near got me off and I had to fight myself not to let it happen. I giggled to myself knowing that in the morning he would use the same razor to shave with and probably wonder why it wasn't quite as sharp as it should be. he always get a wee bit upset when I dull his razor.

Now all prettied up I went to his bed and lit the scented candles, one on either side of the bed and decided not to light the incense until he arrived.

I practised posing in various provocative ways on the bed, imagining which he would find most enticing. Tonight I wanted him to finish me over and over until I was exhausted. My appetite for sex tonight was extreme and I was impatient.

I guess I dozed off because when I heard the front door open, it was ten thirty and I was just a little foggy and lethargic from my little nap. I moved my body to the position, or pose, if that is the word, which I thought most sexually provocative. Then I lit the incense and feigned sleep. My hair spread on the pillow formed a halo around my face, my body leaning slightly on my left hip and my knee bent slightly. Much like those poses I've seen on those pin-up calendars.

Instead of coming directly into the bedroom he went to the bathroom and showered. Brad was teasing me. he must have smelled the scented candles and he was taking his time shaving. I heard him say something to himself about the damn razor being dull, then silence. I waited and kept up my pretence.

Then he appeared in the doorway and I quickly closed my eyes and the game started. Brad pinched out the candle nearest his side, and sat down on the bed. I felt the bed sag then I felt his touch. Oh he was good. I was fighting my own urge to respond and held my self in check.

Brad's warm hand was on my hip. Then it slid down over the side of my thigh, almost down to my knee. I wanted to roll onto my back but held still while I endured his soft caress. Slowly his hand moved up to my hip again and along my side until it was near my shoulder. I trembled.

He was torturing me in the most erotic way imaginable, and I couldn't stand it. I slowly let out a deliberate moan and twisted onto my back as if I was still asleep and just wanted to change my position. Now I was on my back with my pelvis still twisted slightly to one side. My breasts were available for his eyes to enjoy and I breathed slowly and moaned again as if in a dream.

His hand crept across my shoulder, then moved down to my breasts and like a soft breeze, barely touching, grazed my nipples and I truly gasped and drew in my breath. Brad was toying with me. He knew what to do to me and he was playing me as if I was some exotic musical instrument. My nipples betrayed my body. I felt them begin to expand and when he brought his palm back over them they yielded to his touch. My lips moved to speak his name but formed soundless gasps. As he continued to stroke my nipples his breath was the precursor to his lips kissing my closed eyelids. Again I moaned but now it was involuntary. My pussy began to do that crazy twitching thing that always happens when I get excited and his hand on my nipple was making me crazy.

I felt my body begin to respond. My breasts seemed to swell and become more sensitive, the muscles in my abdomen became taunt and my pussy began to become swollen. Almost twice its normal size and it slowly began to twitch. The slow rhythmical pulsations were forcing my pussy to leak the clear fluid that Brad so loved to taste and spread with his fingers. I twisted to lie on my back and then his warm kisses moved to my cheek and across to my lips.

It was impossible to pretend any more. I reached up and wrapping my arms around his neck, drew his mouth to mine. My lips pressed firmly against his, I parted them. Brad's mouth now breathing his breath into mine, I snaked my tongue in and slowly searched for his tongue. Duelling, and teasing each other for a moment I felt his tongue respond and I sucked it into my mouth and moaned aloud.

I couldn't help it. My legs parted and as he moved from sitting to laying along side me, I rolled onto my side and straddled his thigh and hip. I slowly began fucking my anxious cunt against him. Spreading my slippery wetness as I ground hotly, trying to satisfy my clit's need to be caressed.

When he broke our kiss I was nearly frantic. Brad moved his hot mouth down to my throat and licked. Shock waves made my toes seem to curl up and my body went rigid.

"Oh yes," I thought, "Oh my god yessss, I'm yours... For god's sake take me please, Oh please darling."

As if reading my mind he positioned his mouth over my left breasts nipple, and drew my right breast close to it. Then he rapidly moved his hot wet lips from one to the other and I moaned his name.
