 A smooth silk scarf was tied around both her wrists, not too tight but tight enough that she couldn't get free. Paul had tied that scarf to the bed head. She was naked, totally vulnerable to him. He had a smile on him like a Cheshire cat. He moved further down the bed and spread her legs as far as they would go and tied her ankles to the end corners of the bed with equally soft silk scarves.

He leant over the side of the bed and picked up a gorgeous fake fur pillow and placed it under her hips. Her pussy was open to the air, completely available to all. He lightly kissed her stomach, then the door bell rang. He got up to leave the room,

'Don't leave me' She exclaimed.

He turned back to her, 'stay and be patient for me'.

Like she had a choice!

He walked out of the room and left her, stretched and tied on the bed. The cool air from the open window rushed across her body, leaving a trail of goose bumps in its wake. Her nipples hardened from the rush. She tested the scarves to see if she could escape, but secretly she really hoped she couldn't. The anticipation of what was to come had her body in a quiver. 

Her mind shifted back to where he had gone. Who could be here? Who had knocked on the door? Her curiosity was peaked. And what was taking so long. The longer she lay bound to the bed the more vulnerable and self conscious she became. Wishing she could reach something to cover her body. As she was straining against the scarves she heard footsteps coming down the hall, and it wasn't just one set of feet that she could hear. 

What was he doing – why were they coming towards the room? 

The door opened, he entered alone. He walked over to her, picked up another pillow from the floor and placed it under her hips. Her pussy was now even higher, completely vulnerable to all that walked into the room.

'Who is here?' she asked.

'Time will tell, believe me you will be enjoying every moment', he responded. 

She watched him pull another scarf from his pocket, he leant over her face and placed it over her eyes. That would be the last thing she would see for the next hour or so. 

"Come in now", she heard him call to the strangers outside the door. They walked in and she heard the familiar sound of clothes falling to the floor. She was feeling extremely nervous. 

'She's divine!' spoke a male voice she didn't recognise.

'This is going to be lots of fun, where do we start'' spoke a female voice.

"Anywhere you like", Paul answered.

She heard the strangers approach the bed, her body tensed. Her nerves where on edge, she felt so out of control, she was scared – scared of how much she wanted this. She felt the bed sink as the strangers sat down on either side of her outstretched legs. 

"Relax", Paul demanded of her.

Hands started running over her body. One set, which she knew from the softness was the females, had started at her ankles. It was the softest touch, light fingertips changing from one leg to the other running from her ankles up the inside of her thighs, stopping a couple of inches from her aching pussy. 

The other set of hands were tracing down her arms, over her face and across her chest. He started caressing her stomach, moving down as low as he could without actually touching her where she needed him so. 

The sensation of two sets of hands caressing her body was almost unbearable, and she knew it was going to get worse. Paul hadn't come over to her yet, she knew he was there enjoying watching every moment. She wanted him here as well, she needed the security of him close to her as she was enjoying all these erotic sensations. 

"Are you enjoying yourself?" He asked, a moan escaped from her lips in response.

He walked over to her leant over the side of the bed and kissed Nikki's mouth passionately. Her whole body melted as she responded to him. Her arms struggled against the scarves as she ached to touch him. 

"You want me?"

"Please" she begged. She felt him get off the bed, and undress. 

The strangers were still discovering her body with their hands and still, to her disappointment avoiding her pussy and tits. These areas were swelling under the excitement, the heat was rising in her body, her pussy was swollen and moist. The need in her was mounting, the need to be fulfilled, pleasured.

Paul got back on to the bed and knelt beside her head, his cock brushing across her face. "Please", she begged, she hated to beg him for it, but she wanted him, needed him, too much. He had his cock in his hand and was teasing her lips with it. She tried to lift her head to take him, but he kept pulling away from her. 

He wanted it but he did enjoy the tease. He loved to hear Nikki beg for his cock. For a girl to want to give head as much he wanted to receive it made him weak to the knees. The knowledge that his cock in her mouth was what she craved, even when she couldn't see him, turned him on more than he imagined it could. And what she could do to him with her mouth was incredible. 

All these thoughts were racing as he continued to tease, he could take no more. He lowered his cock into her mouth, she took it all in hungrily. He kept still, while she played with him using her lips, teeth and tongue. The strangers took lead from her, and started using their mouths too. 

They retraced the path their hands took with their mouths. Her body jumped struggling against the restraints. The assault on her body was incredible. Nikki continued to play with him with her mouth. Biting, licking, sucking, he was moaning in pleasure. She was getting totally lost him when she felt a tongue moving up the inside of her thighs and stopping at the entrance of her pussy lightly teasing. Another mouth had taken possession of her tits and was gently licking and biting her nipples. 

She would never have thought that her body could feel so much pleasure at once. Her nerves were all standing on edge. She wanted to be released but at the same time wanting the feeling to last forever. 

His hips started moving against her, his balls tightened, the feeling of her mouth on him was exquisite, he had to place one hand on the wall to stop himself from falling. His body was weakening under the pressure of her tongue on the head of his cock. Her teeth moved along the shaft, almost hurting him. Paul had fantasized about sharing her, he knew she would get off on this as much as him. She was highly sexed, his equal in the bedroom. 

The tongue on her pussy was increasing the pressure. This stranger had a great way with her mouth and had now also pushed their fingers deep inside her. Her body was on fire, the heat was increasing she wanted to climax. There was pain shooting through her tits from the biting, it was incredible. Her ache was building this is what she wanted, the overwhelming feeling of euphoria, nothing else mattered except the pleasure she was receiving and giving. 

Her body started to buck involuntarily, the restraints felt tight, she wished she could move. But the feeling of not being able to intensified the beginning of her orgasm. As it started to roll through her body to her clit, his hips jolted and he came in her mouth. She moaned as the taste of him ran down the back of her throat. Then her body exploded, her orgasm was amazing. She screamed as it ripped through her. It seemed to come out of every part of her body. 

After she came everyone moved off the bed, leaving her there. Nikki heard whispering and movement around her. Then someone climbed back on. They were sitting very close to her face, it was the male stranger, she wished she knew his name, or maybe the anonymity was part of the turn on. He started stroking her face, she moved towards his hand. Her skin was extremely sensitive. He leant down and kissed her, his mouth enveloped her. 

They kissed for what seemed like forever, when she felt Paul and the female stranger get back on the bed. They were sitting beside her on the opposite side to male stranger. Through the movement on the bed she could feel that they were discovering each other. An odd sensation flooded through her – it was strange knowing he was getting pleasure else where, it made her slightly uncomfortable. But here she was enjoying the same thing. 

Paul was feeling amazing – the smell of sex had filled the air, the want in the room was overwhelming. He had only met this couple by chance and can't remember how the conversation went where it did, how we all ended here together. This was something they always wanted and since the opportunity arose he took it. Knowing Nikki would enjoy it as much as he, which would only amplify the experience for him.

He climbed between Nikki's legs, and positioned himself on his side with his head level with her pussy. With the pillows still under her hips he could easily see how turned on she was, she was a vision. He lightly circled her clit with his tongue, he loved to tease her like this. As he was enjoying the tease the female stranger leant over her to take him deeply in her mouth. At that moment he thrust his fingers deep inside Nikki, she tried to move but he had placed his hands firmly on her hips to restrict all her movement. 

Nikki was still enjoying the cock in her mouth. She was sucking on him, using her tongue along the underside of his shaft at same time. The stranger was groaning out loud. He now moved so he was kneeling over her, one leg on either side of her head. He removed his cock from her mouth and pushed his hips out so his balls were at Nikki's mouth. She was gently licking and sucking them, she could feel them tighten under her mouth. He placed his cock back at her mouth and she went back to working him. 

The pleasure she was feeling from taking this stranger into her mouth at the same time Paul was working his magic on her pussy was exquisite. And she knew by the moans that were escaping Paul's lips that he was receiving pleasure as well. All the pleasure he was receiving he was giving to her. His tongue moving over her, his teeth gently biting her clit, his fingers deep inside stimulating her g spot. The moment was beyond anything she could imagine. 

All of a sudden Paul moved himself off her. The female stranger was pushed away. He knelt between Nikki's legs and plunged deep into her, like a hot knife into butter. It was swift and precise. She had to stop herself from biting down on the delicious cock in her mouth. Paul took her possessively and in complete control. The stranger had moved and was now lying beside her on the bed. 

Paul was enjoying Nikki, she was so hot and wet. His cock was aching. Beside him he watched the other couple. She wanted Nikki to see too, he leant over and removed her blindfold. The daylight left her blinded for a moment. She looked at Paul and smiled. She loved looking at him, he looked relaxed and free. She turned her head as the female stranger slowly impaled herself on her partner's hard cock. They were a good looking couple, who obviously looked after themselves. 

It was a strange experience watching this couple have sex beside her while Paul was slowly thrusting in and out of her. Nikki looked back at Paul, 'please untie me', she begged, 'I want to feel you, touch your body with my hands, wrap my legs around you, please'. Paul looked down at her, how could he resist the thought of her hands over his body. His fantasies were full of her body wrapped around his. He leant over her and untied her wrists. As she was rubbing them he turned and undid her ankles. 

She was free. As free as the other couple looked getting lost in each others bliss. They were acting as if they were the other couple in the room. Paul got up and took Nikki's space. It was her turn to be on top. He wanted to watch her as she took his cock deeply into her pussy. The look on her face was priceless. Paul placed his hands behind his head and just watched her move herself on top of him. Her tits moved to her rhythm, her body quivered, her pace quickened. He grabbed her hips and took control, moved her hips in time with his. He pulled her down so he was in her deep and hard.

The other couple had moved off the bed. She couldn't see them but could hear them moaning in pleasure. Their sound only added to their experience.

Paul took hold of her waist and lifted her off him. He turned her over, positioned himself behind her and plunged deep inside her, they came together almost at once. He continued to move inside her knowing she had more in her. Paul placed his hand between her legs and played with her clit. She bucked against him and her orgasms continued to roll out her body. The ache between her legs was subsiding and he kept his cock deep inside her till she finished. 

As he rolled off her, she heard the other couple sigh in pleasure, both couples oblivious to the other as they enjoyed themselves and each other. She felt satiated, he looked completely satisfied. All tension was released from their bodies as they once again escaped their realities and let themselves give in to their fantasies. And today was a fantasy come true.