 AUTHOR'S NOTE

The following story contains m/m and f/f hot action. If that's not your thing then I respect your wishes to move along....but before you go, could it really hurt to have just a little look? 

If you've never before considered the delicious hotness of man on beautiful man then why not try it right now? I had no idea how much I loved the concept until I stumbled across a steamy Emma Holly mmf menage.

So, go on, stumble across it right now...no one's looking.

--------------------------------------------------

Who knew the difference a week could make? Before they'd all stayed at the cabin together Marina had thought that her college roommate's boyfriend Kurt was a great guy. One week of listening to his red-neck homophobic bullshit and now, now she wouldn't spit on him if he was on fire. 

Seriously, it was driving her batshit insane. Everything was gay, according to the erudite Kurt. Especially Marina's boyfriend Paolo, apparently everything he did made him suspiciously homosexual. Paolo took it in his stride because he was that kind of guy. Calm, kind and not at all bothered by the petty. Not Marina—she seethed.

Oh, not everything was gay. Apparently girl on girl was completely acceptable. He was forever trying to get Jade and Marina to kiss. Marina was not averse to the idea, but not for that asshole's pleasure.

"Mari, babe, he's not that bad," Paolo said—rolling over in the bed to face her—in one of the brief moments they were alone. Jade and Kurt had gone on an early morning hike with a local nature group. Morning sunlight filtered through the cracks in the cabin's log walls creating a dusty back light of Paolo's glossy black curls. 

"He is! He's foul! I can't stand him. What is with all that gay bullshit? Who says that? Who?" Marina hissed, angry that even while they were alone the toxic Kurt continued to invade her space.

"Someone not too confident of their own sexuality," Paolo said trailing fingertips down Marina's arm shooting goose pimples across her naked skin.

"Really? That's what you think? I think he's just an ass."

"I've seen it before. He's almost textbook in his denial."

"Not like you." Marina knew that Paolo was bi-sexual. He'd been open about it from the start. It was one of the first things that attracted her, his androgynous aura of sexuality. 

He laughed a deep throaty chuckle that did things to her, started a simmer deep in her stomach. "No, not like me."

"Do you think he's attracted to you? Do you think that's why he's so obnoxious?"

He laughed again and said, "Marina, I know you think everyone wants me, but honey, I think really it's just you." He rolled on top of her, pinning her arms with his weight. She loved the heavy press of his body on hers, and he knew it. He pushed down on her, the thick bar of his erection driving into her pubic bone. 

Already wet with his cum he slipped easily inside, pushing deep until she gasped. He took it slow this time, unlike the frantic coupling of before when they'd woken to find themselves finally alone. Slow, deep thrusts, no hurry. She sighed spread her legs and angled her hips up to meet him. In the quiet of the cabin she listened, loving the wet sound of their bodies meeting and the hushed exhale he made with each push.

It grew, measured and delicious, from her toes through to her scalp she felt the coming orgasm. Her muscles taut but not strained she rose to meet him, reveling in the building feeling. 

He didn't hear the door, but she did. Over Paolo's shoulder she saw him, standing still, frozen in the doorframe.

Kurt.

He didn't leave. He watched. 

Not her...but Paolo.

She trailed her hands down Paolo's back and pushed the sheet that covered them both clear of his hips, exposing his taut ass. Kurt still didn't leave, didn't move. He stood, silent and still, watching the push and contraction of Paolo's ass as it thrust into Marina. The look on his face, the shocked look of absolute need sent her over, rushed her slowly building orgasm into an uncontrolled fiery spasm. The shocked clench of her muscles around his cock sent Paolo over too. After a series of short frantic thrusts, he arched his back, cried out, thrust deep and came inside her while Kurt looked on.

"Kurt, babe are you going inside?" Jade's voice broke the spell; Marina saw her look over Kurt's shoulder see what was happening and curse, "Shit! Sorry. So Sorry." Jade tugged on Kurt's shoulder and pulled him from the room.

* * * *

Afterwards he pretended that it hadn't happened, but whenever Marina forced Kurt to meet her eyes, she saw the awareness burning there. Continuing to tease him she was deliberate in her movements, cupping Paolo's ass when Kurt was in sight and trailing her fingertips across the muscles of his lean stomach. Marina wanted to punish Kurt, force the stupid redneck to accept what he so obviously wanted. Rock him right to his homophobic core. Each time she caught his eyes devouring Paolo it shot a thrill not unlike a hit of a whiskey right through her veins. As time went on she grew more bold, more obvious in her movements, making Paolo so hard that he took her outside, into the woods and fucked her up against a tree. 

That night it was Jade and Kurt's turn to cook. They did a BBQ, outside on the porch. Meat sizzled, Kurt and Paolo watching intently, while Marina and Jade watched them. 

"Mmmm, love the smell of meat," Jade said with a wicked grin.

"You mean the steaks or the men?"

Her muffled impish giggle drew the quizzical gaze of the men, which in turn made them both laugh out loud. 

"You up for some games tonight?" Marina asked, meeting her friend's eyes over the top of her wine glass.

"Games?"

"Group games. I'm thinking a little Simon Says." A game they'd both played at college before.

"Spin the bottle and do what the other person says? Is that what you mean?"

"Uh huh." 

"Yeah." Jade took a gulp of her wine and nodded her head. "I'm up for that."

"Good."

* * * *

Bellies full of wine and BBQ, Jade laid out two blankets on the floor and put the empty bottle and the kitchen timer between them. They'd turned out the lights and the room was now lit only by the soft yellow light of one bedside lamp. 

"What are you doing?" Kurt asked.

"Setting up for a game. You wanna play?" 

'What is it?" Paolo asked as he took a seat on one of the blankets. 

"Simon Says. We spin the bottle and whoever it lands on gets to be Simon for five minutes."

"Anything goes?"

"You can default—but then you miss a turn."

"OK," Kurt said sitting on the blanket beside Jade as she first spun the bottle. It rattled on the uneven wooden floor and did two full circles to point at Kurt. Marina took a drink of her wine as she watched his face split into an evil grin. She knew what was coming. Kurt was so obvious. She turned to meet Jade's eyes and found her looking back with an eyebrow cocked.

"Simon says—Jade kiss Marina." 

Jade came on her knees, her pert little braless breasts swaying under the white tank she wore. Marina came up on her knees to meet her, smiling at the predatory look in her friend's eyes. 

Marina closed her eyes and waited—Simon had said for Jade to kiss her. 

Soft warm lips brushed hers in a chaste kiss. Marina snaked out her tongue for a quick swipe along the seam. Jade gasped, opening her mouth to allow Marina the access she wanted. Spearing spread fingers in her short dark hair Marina held Jade's head still. Slicking her tongue along the sensitive inside bottom lip she heard the little whimper she wanted. Jade opened wide, angled her mouth and thrust her tongue inside Marina's mouth. Lost in their kiss the buzz of the timer came too soon. They remained nose to nose, exchanging panting breath for a while after they heard the sound.

Jade crawled back to her blanket, nestling herself beside Kurt's legs she said, "Marina's turn to spin."

The bottle went around, landing on Marina. They all turned to look at her. She looked up to meet all four sets of eyes and wondered—what did they expect?

Kurt had puffed out his chest in an obvious show of bravado. He didn't want her to think he was afraid of her words, but they both knew he was. She wanted to unsettle him further and so she said, "Simon says, Jade suck Kurt's cock."

Marina got just the reaction she'd wanted. There was a gasp of shock from both men. Jade licked her kiss swollen lips and nodded. Marina reached over to set the timer, brushing her hair across Paolo's thigh as she did. He was hard, rigid flesh pushing out the loose fabric of his sweats.

Jade pulled back the elastic of Kurt's basketball shorts to reveal his cock. It pressed up against his stomach, hard and sticky with pre-cum. She snaked out her tongue, teasing back the foreskin to reveal the swollen head. Around and around she licked the slick plum tipped head as Kurt arched his hips up trying to get her take more. Then with a skill that Marina envied Jade slowly took the whole length in her mouth, right down to the pulsing root. 

"Yes," Kurt groaned as Jade bobbed up and down on his cock.

Paolo's hand came across the blanket to grip Marina's thigh as they both watched. The fingers biting into her flesh with each groan that Kurt made. The buzzer sounded, leaving Kurt cursing as Jade's mouth slipped from his cock. She pulled the shorts up halfway, leaving the wet head poking out the top.

"My turn," Jade said with a grin and spun the bottle hard. Round and around it clattered until it slowed to stop pointing at her. Jade clapped her hands and gave a childish squeal. "Simon says, Paolo take out your cock and stroke it."

Paolo grinned, first at Marina and then at Jade, but when he took out his cock it was Kurt he was watching. His long fingers easily slipped the elastic band of his sweats over his hips revealing his cock and balls. Coming up on his knees Paolo wet his palm first on the moist tip before grasping the shaft and pulling down. The silence of the cabin made Kurt's excited gasp even louder. Marina didn't watch Paolo; she'd seen this show before. Seeing Paolo masturbate was one of her favorite things to do. Instead she watched Kurt, his fevered gaze stuck on the hand that slowly stroked the length of Paolo's erection. Flicking her eyes over to Jade she saw that she too watched Kurt. 

The buzzer sounded. Paolo stopped stroking but didn't pull up his sweats, leaving his cum tipped cock out for all to see. His cock bobbing as his leaned forward to take his turn spinning the bottle. It landed on again Kurt and he wasn't so fast this time to choose his instructions, his eyes flicking over to look at Paolo and then back at Jade.

Finally he cleared his throat and said, "Simon says Jade and Marina, strip each other."

Marina moved to the center of the circle and crooked a finger at Jade. First she slipped the tank over Jade's head, then fell to her knees to remove her shorts, kissing the slight swell of her stomach before slipping the tiny pink panties down her legs. Naked, Jade returned the favor, pulling off her t-shirt and halter neck bikini, pausing a moment to hold the weight of Marina's breasts before sliding down her skirt and bikini bottoms. They stood in the circle, turning slowly showing their naked bodies until the buzzer sounded.

Marina spun the bottle before returning to take her seat beside Paolo. It landed on Jade, who caught her eye before saying, "Simon says, Paolo and Kurt strip each other."

Marina expected Kurt to hesitate, but he didn't, instead he met Paolo in the circle center and waited. Paolo made the first move, positioning Kurt's arms above his head and stripping off the sleeveless jersey he wore. His chest bare, Paolo trailed his fingers down Kurt's chest until they hooked into the elastic waistband of his shorts, on either side of his cock. As he pulled on the elastic Paolo went down on his knees, until his mouth was level with Kurt's erection. It bobbed out, hitting his cheek as Kurt lifted his feet to step out of his shorts.

Getting up to his feet Paolo stood close to Kurt and said, "Undress me."

Kurt's hands shook as they went to the buttons of the loose flannel shirt Paolo wore. His fingers stroking against the skin with each button he released. When he pulled the open shirt over his shoulders he ran his hands down the muscles of Paolo's arms. The shirt pooled on the ground and Kurt went to his knees to pull down Paolo's sweat pants, his hair brushing Paolo's cock as he pulled down the sweats. Paolo speared his fingers through the thick straight hair and held him close against his stomach. They remained still for a couple of minutes longer than the buzzer, Paolo standing and Kurt on his knees, his cheek resting on Paolo's stomach. 

Before returning to sit Kurt spun the bottle. It landed on Marina, who too hesitated before speaking. She'd thought when she started this game that she wanted to punish Kurt, but after seeing him now with Paolo she wasn't so sure. Instead of punishing him, maybe she wanted to expand his boundaries. Help him find what he needed.

"Simon says, Jade taste me." She spread her legs wide, leaning back to rest on her elbows. Jade didn't falter, moving between her spread legs the moment she opened up for her. The short black hair of Jade's pixie cut brushed her thighs as her head came down to meet Marina's open slit. She's done this before, Marina thought as Jade's tongue flicked her clit without hesitation. Strong wet laps of her swollen clit built a rapid orgasm. When the buzzer sounded before she could orgasm Marina gripped Jade's head and wouldn't let her leave. The feeling of that insistent tongue and the knowledge that they were not alone sent her over, pushing her into a quick and vibrant orgasm.

When she'd finished pulsing she loosened her grip in Jade's hair. Jade placed a soft kiss on the inside her thigh, pulled up on her knees and crawled back to sit with Kurt.

Both men looked at her when she sat up, rather than embarrassment she felt a rush of exhilaration at their heated stares. As no one else did, Marina moved forward to spin the bottle, it landed on Paolo and he met her eyes with a half smile.

"Simon says, Kurt taste me."

Kurt looked first to Jade as if seeking permission. Jade gave a slight nod, imperceptible unless you were looking as closely as both Marina and Kurt were. Paolo moved to stand in the center of the circle. Kurt came on his knees to kneel before him. Paolo cupped his cheek and stoked his thumb across the seam of Kurt's mouth.

"It's OK," he murmured, "You don't have to."

Kurt didn't answer. Instead he moved his lips to softly kiss the tip of Paolo's cock. The gentle action unfurled a hot lick of need in Marina's belly, despite the fact she'd only just come. Paolo's hand moved to gently cradle Kurt's jaw and his fingers curled in his hair. 

Kurt licked first, a tentative taste of the cum slick tip. His head tilted to look up at Paolo, who smiled down at him. He opened wide, taking in too much at first, gagging on the flesh. Jade moved to his side and stroked a soft hand down his arm to support him. Marina moved too, leaning her head against Paolo's leg, just inches from Kurt's mouth. With Jade's help Kurt continued gradually lowering his mouth down Paolo's shaft. The room was filled with the sound of his sucking mouth and Jade's soothing directions, "Suck him. Baby you look so hot. Take as much as you can. Tongue the slit."

The buzzer sounded and Kurt stilled his mouth, looking up at Paolo who pulled back, removing his cock. Kurt looked disappointed until Paolo dropped to his knees and took his mouth in a crushing kiss. Still holding tight to Paolo, Marina watched, loving the play of male mouth against mouth. Men's kissing was such a turn on to her, the strength of it so different to when Paolo kissed her. 

Marina pressed her hand between the men to hold their cocks together. Jade seeing what she'd done, wrapped her hand around them as well. Fingers linked they spread the pre-cum of the men down their shafts while above they kissed. Paolo ended the kiss first, moving away and then spreading his palms on Kurt's chest. He pushed him down on the blanket. All three of them moved in to the prone man—Jade kissing his mouth, Marina licking his nipples and Paolo sucking his cock.

Beneath them Kurt arched, writhing and moaning like a man released. Only hours before you could not have paid Marina to touch him, but now, she could not stop. She moved down to join Paolo at his cock sucking the head while Paolo lapped at his balls. Jade left them to return with a tube of lube she pressed into Marina's hand. She handed the tube to Paolo who slicked his fingers in the gel and spread the cheeks of Kurt's ass.

Above them Kurt groaned. Jade came down to watch, linking her fingers with Marina's she pressed against her, watching Paolo spread her boyfriend's ass. Marina turned her head and met Jade's mouth, licking and sucking at her soft lips. Unable to resist any longer she moved her fingers down to find Jade's wet heat. While Paolo opened up Kurt's asshole with his probing fingers Marina delved into Jade's soaked slit. Hot wet walls contracted around her fingers as Jade watched Paolo sheath his cock and push against Kurt's ass. Kurt's hips rose to meet his rocking thrust, wanting it, needing to be filled. On her knees Marina speared her fingers into Jade's cunt while she sucked on her sweet puckered brown nipples. At the same time as Paolo had his full length lodged inside Kurt, Marina used her thumb to strum on Jade's clit.

Kurt moaned, inhuman sounds, thrashing his head from side to side as Paolo pushed deep inside his ass. Marina was caught between the need to see Kurt come and the desire to focus on Jade's pleasure. Jade gripped a hand on Marina's wrist, directing the rhythm of the fingers thrusting inside her.

Paolo pulled out of Kurt, guided him up onto his knees and thrust back inside him once more. Kurt's back bowed as drove his ass back to meet Paolo's driving cock. 

"Look. Look at him," Jade gasped out as Paolo brought a hand around to grasp Kurt's cock. With each thrust inside he stroked the length slicking his thumb across the sensitive slit.

"He's going to come. He's going to make him come," Marina whispered in Jade's ear as she continued to thumb her plump and swollen clit.

"Yes. Yes. Come. Come for him!" she cried out as the tight wet walls of her vagina clenched in orgasm around Marina's fingers. She drenched Marina's fingers with her cum moments before she saw Kurt's cock spurt in Paolo's hand. 

"Fuck Yeah!" Paolo cried as Kurt's cock splattered it's cum through his fingers onto the hardwood floor. Once Kurt had finished Paolo brought both hands to grip his hips, the slap of each thrust echoing around the room. 

"Yes. Yes. Yes," Paolo grunted with each meeting of their flesh, until his back bowed, head throw back, he bellowed out his orgasm.

Kurt lay flat, splayed on the floor with Paolo resting his weight above him. Marina and Jade moved to either side of the men, pressing the bodies against them both.

Kurt had his head faced toward Marina, his eyes closed. When he opened them she met his eyes. He looked away. She moved in and pressed a gentle kiss to his open mouth, against his wet lips she spoke, "Simon says It's OK Kurt.'

-------------------------------------------------

Phew, I hope that worked for you. If it did (or if you have interesting criticism) please leave a comment. Oh, and a rating...I love them.

Go on...lay some sugar on me.

xx

Darcy