 This is chapter six of a multi part story. You don't need to start at the beginning but it is recommended to get the full feel of it. This chapter contains some group sex. If this offends your sensibilities, please cease reading. I'd rather you not read it and get no vote than upset you and get a low vote. Otherwise, enjoy and thank you for your patience!

*****

Jan '09

Howling winds blasted the door open as Simon and Freddie rushed inside. The blizzard had rolled in rapidly and unexpectedly. School had been cancelled as soon as possible but it had been near white out conditions even by then. It had taken Freddie nearly twenty minutes to drive to Simon's place.

"Holy shit!" Simon exclaimed. He pushed the door closed against the wind. He turned around, leaning up against it. "Does it always get that bad up here?" he panted. Being from Arizona, Simon had never experienced a blizzard before. He now realized that blindness did not always mean darkness.

"Not always," said Freddie. "I mean, this is bad, but we've had worse."

"Worse!? How could it get any worse?" Simon exclaimed.

"Well, the wind speed is only about twenty mph. plus the snow is pretty well stuck to the ground." Freddie glanced back outside. "You should have seen it about twelve years ago. Thirty plus mph wind speed combined with big thick flakes. Shut down the area for nearly two days."

"You do know that was a rhetorical question, right?" Simon retorted, removing his jacket to store in the closet. He grabbed Freddie's offered jacket and placed it in there as well.

"Hey, you asked," Freddie smiled. "I just thought I would illuminate the fact that, yes, it can get worse." Simon pulled out his phone. "Who're you calling?"

"My mom." The phone began ringing. "I need to see if - - Hi, mom?"

"Hey Simon. Did you make it home okay?" Mary asked.

"Yeah. Freddie gave me a ride. Are you okay?"

"Yes but unfortunately I'm going to have to wait out the storm here at work. There's almost no visibility and there's no way I'm gonna try to drive home in this. Is Cindy with you?"

"No. She said she was going to get a ride from Amanda since her car wasn't working. As far as I know, she's okay but I haven't talked to her since I left school."

"All right. If you talk to her, have her call me." Mary said.

"Do you mind if Freddie stays? It was bad enough just getting here . . ."

"That's fine. Just try to leave the house in one piece, okay? I love you," she said.

"Love you too, ma. Be safe. Bye." Simon ended the call and dialed his sister.

"Hey Si," Cindy answered. She had only recently started calling him that. She said it was because there were so many girls at school 'sighing' over him.

"Hey, Cin. Did you make it to Amanda's house okay?"

"Yeah we're fine." He heard giggling in the background. "How are you?"

"Fine. I got a ride from Freddie. Call mom. She wants to know you're okay."

"Aye, aye Captain Sexypants." Raucous laughter burst from the phone into Simon's ear before it went dead.

Simon looked over at Freddie, "I think my sister is either getting drunk or stoned."

"Good thing she's not here then." Freddie grinned evilly. "I might not have been able to maintain my gentlemanly composure."

"Whatever. Help yourself to whatever's in the kitchen. I'll be right back." Simon descended the stairs to his room. He took off his jeans in favor of sweatpants. In the bathroom, he stared at his reflection in the mirror, after splashing warm water onto his face. The winds continued to rage and batter the house, failing in their attempt to rip it apart.

Simon dried his face on a towel. Looking in the mirror, he was not wholly surprised by the look of exhaustion on his face. Sure, the weather was bad, but it wasn't the cause for the circles under his eyes. Unbidden and unwelcome, memories flooded his mind once again.

*****

"Happy New Year!"

The roar of the crowd reached a deafening crescendo though Simon could hear nothing but the pounding of blood in his ears. Long repressed desire consumed him. Violently, he thrust his tongue between her lips, invading her mouth. Her arms wrapped around his head, she jumped up and wrapped her legs around his waist.

Simon broke away, inhaled, and dived towards her neck. Roxanne cried out in ecstasy as his teeth and tongue grazed her neck. He pawed at her dress, mangling her breasts and pinching her nipples.

"Oh God, Yes!" she cried as he forced her down onto the cold bench. It's not where she wanted it to happen, but she would take what she could. One arm wrapped around his neck, Roxanne's other hand flew to his belt. Deftly, she undid it with one hand and searched for the clasp of his slacks. She shoved her hand down the front of his slacks and grasped his rigid member.

He growled into her neck, pressing harder. Simon's hands grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it up to her hips. The cold metal of the bench caused Roxanne to yelp as her bare ass came into contact. 

"God, I've wanted you for so long," she cried. She released his rock hard cock from its confinement, springing it into the cold night air.

"So long . . ." he repeated back. Roxanne simultaneously pulled him closer while shifting lower. She had not worn panties in anticipation of this moment.

"Now you'll be all mine," she whispered.

"All yours . . ." The head of his cock came into contact with the blast furnace between her legs. She was drenched; a hot wet refuge from the cold night air. Her heels dug into Simon's ass as she tried to push him into her.

Her words slammed home with a sudden realization. A surge of desperate panic ripped through Simon, lifting his face from her neck. Fear tore him from her grasp. He jumped away, his angry swollen member bobbing in the night air.

"No . . ." he gasped, "We can't . . . I can't do this." She sat up, fear and confusion on her face.

"No! You can't stop now!" she cried. She rolled off of the bench, lurching towards him. "You're mine!"

"I'm sorry. I . . . I just can't." He awkwardly stuffed his still hard cock back into his slacks as he backed away. "I've gotta go."

"Don't go, Simon!" Roxanne collapsed to the ground, sobbing, lip stick smeared around her mouth. He moved farther away, pitying her and disgusted by his own weakness at the same time. "Please!" she called out desperately. He turned to leave, hooking up his belt.

"I love you!" she cried.

He froze in mid-stride. Those were the last words he ever expected to hear uttered by her. He looked back over his shoulder. "Please don't leave me." Tears streamed down her cheeks, outlined in black by her mascara. Her eyes pleaded silently, begging him to come back to her. His body shifted, slowly turning back towards her before he could stop himself.

"I'm sorry," was all he could say as he turned away, leaving behind a crying, broken young woman.

*****

"Simon!"

The shout crashed into his ears, dragging him clear of his sea of memories. He turned the faucet knob, shutting off the water still pouring into the sink.

"What?" he yelled back, putting his shirt back on.

"You okay? I've been yelling at you for a couple of minutes now and your phone has rung twice." Freddie called down. Sighing, Simon flew up the stairs as his phone began ringing again.

"Why didn't you answer it?" Simon asked, checking the caller ID. It was Jodi.

"Not my phone," Freddie replied matter-of-factly as Simon flipped it open.

"Hello?" Simon asked.

"Hi, honey," Jodi replied cheerily. "Whatcha doin'?"

"Not much. Freddie just brought me home. He's going to be staying over until the storm lets up. What about you?"

"Sasha and Vera are over here. They came home with me since they live farther away."

"Too bad," he said.

"Why would you say that?" she asked.

"I was kinda hoping you might come over and get snowed in over here. My mom's stuck at work and Cindy's at a friend's house."

"Ha! Not with Freddie over there!"

"Hey you could always bring Sasha and Vera over to keep him occupied," he stated. Freddie arched an eyebrow at him.

There was a pause on the other end. "You know? That might not be a bad idea."

"Whoa! Really? Cause I was just joking." 

"Even still, it sounds better than hanging out with these two all night." Simon heard a faint, indignant 'Hey' and Jodi laughed. "Keep an eye out for us. We'll come over to your side door."

"Cool. See you in a bit." Simon hung up. "Jodi, Sasha, and Vera are coming over."

"Cool. Orgy." Freddie said, signaling with two thumbs up.

"Hardly," Simon said. "They just want to hang out."

"Damn. I guess if that's all I get then it'll have to do." Simon walked over to the side door. It was situated just over the other set of stairs that led into his room. Opening the interior door, he saw the snow piled in front the screen door. Shapes began moving through the blinding storm from Jodi's house.

"Hey Freddie! Come help me push this door open!" he yelled. Together, they moved it far enough for Simon to slip outside. Immediately, the wind tore at his loose clothing, whipping it around. He quickly dug the snow away from the door and held it as the three bundled figures trudged inside. He dashed back inside, pulling the screen door closed behind him then leaning against the interior door after closing it. He shivered, fingers aching from their brief exposure to the melting snow and wind.

"That was stupid of you," Jodi chided. "You know it doesn't take long to get frostbite in this weather." Jodi walked up to Simon, her jacket open exposing a light blue sweater underneath. She stuffed his arms underneath her jacket, cuddling to share body heat.

"Yes, but if I had bundled up, I wouldn't be getting a really warm hug from my girlfriend." He grinned down at her. "And I couldn't do this." Jodi jumped and screamed as Simon placed his cold fingers under her sweater against the bare skin of her back. Everyone laughed.

"You bastard!" she smiled, backing away from him. Simon held his arms out, hands dangling limp like a zombie.

"But honey," he shambled towards her, "I'm so cold. Please warm me up." Freddie started choking on his laughter. Simon stopped as everyone stared at Freddie, who was turning red. "You okay?" Simon inquired.

"Yes!" Freddie wheezed. "You said 'Butt Honey'!" He immediately began cracking up again. The others sighed as Freddie lay on the floor giggling.

"How's it going, Sasha?" Simon asked grabbing her coat. His eyes darted to her chest, noting her hardened nipples tenting her blouse. She thrust her chest out more, catching his glance, and making him blush a little more.

"I'm fine, but you seem a little flushed." She walked up to him, placing the back of her hand on his forehead. She stood on her tip toes, dragging her nipples across his abdomen. As she slid back down, she said, "Yep, definitely a little flushed. You should probably sit down." 

"Sasha, quit picking on him." Vera said, smiling. Sasha smiled as she walked away but her eyes had told Simon more. Unfortunately, he wasn't sure he understood what they were saying. Vera tossed her coat to Simon. Not much moved under the shirt. Vera was still attractive; she just didn't have much to thrust out.

"All right, so now what?" Simon asked. "I've got video games, movies, board games, cards, etc. . ."

"What do you have to eat?" asked Freddie.

"Well, I've got snacks, but it is still early. I figured on making dinner later."

"What? You cook too?" Vera asked, sitting next to Freddie on the sofa.

"I had to do a lot after my dad left. Cooking just turned into one of many learned skills from that time. Besides," Simon shrugged, "it was only going to be spaghetti."

"Shit, Jodi." Vera pouted, "You get all the luck. He's cute and domestic." 

Jodi wrapped an arm around Simon, hugging him. "Yep. Soon I'll have him barefoot and pregnant."

"Do you think I could rent him from you?" Vera asked.

"For his body or his domestic abilities?"

A corner of Vera's mouth turned up in a smirk. "Either." Her eyes raked up and down Simon's body.

"All right, that's enough of that," Simon declared, untangling himself from Jodi. "How about we watch a movie?"

"Spoilsport." Jodi stuck her tongue out at him.

"Better put that away," Sasha said, "unless you intend to use it." Jodi glanced at Freddie before glaring at Sasha. Vera was leaning up against Freddie which gave him a top down view of her chest. Try as he might to resist, Freddie's eyes were inevitably drawn towards what was hidden under her shirt. The smile on Vera's face told Jodi she knew exactly what kind of effect she was having on him.

"Does anyone have a preference?" Simon asked as he rummaged through his family's assorted collection. No one voiced an opinion so Simon picked "The 13th Warrior". It was one of his favorites and had watched it dozens of times, so he wouldn't care if he missed most of it.

Simon set the movie to play. He walked over and turned off some of the lights. Unfortunately, Freddie, his arm now around Vera's shoulders, was occupying the loveseat. Simon, about to sit on the recliner, looked up as Jodi cleared her throat. She patted the seat to the right on the couch. Sasha was sitting on her left, her eyes fixed on the television screen.

Jodi snuggled into Simon, angling her body to lean into him more. She had grabbed the blanket off of the back of the couch and covered herself and Sasha with it. Jodi only paid partial attention to the movie. It took very little effort from her to get Simon squirming.

*****

Jodi had been drifting off when Simon's hand began to move down her chest. She was lying on the couch; her head nestled on his shoulder. Her legs were curled up but pressed up against Sasha, who was sitting on the far end. A blanket covered both girls.

It's what she had been waiting for but didn't know if he would do it. Slowly, his fingers slipped under her sweater. She inhaled as they crawled to her left breast, exhaling when they came into contact with her satin covered nipple. Simon grazed his fingertips lightly over it, sending small tingles of pleasure down her spine.

Her relaxed sigh caught in her throat when she felt another hand on her leg. Sasha continued staring at the screen but her hand was slowly stroking up and down Jodi's calf. The double sensation made Jodi light headed with desire. She moaned quietly, sliding down Simon's chest to lay her head in his lap. She shifted her body to lie on her back and placed her legs on Sasha's lap.

Simon pulled his hand out from under her sweater and, after a few minutes, sent it gliding down her front. Still under the blanket, Simon pushed Jodi's sweater up, caressing her stomach and sides with his hand. His fingers would occasionally brush up against the clasp of her jeans or slide under them a short teasing distance.

Sasha's hand caressed her leg, inching its way higher with each stroke. A mixture of excitement and trepidation infused Jodi. She wondered how they would react when their hands met.

Unwilling to delay any longer, Simon deftly undid the button on Jodi's jeans. A smile crossed his face as he failed to discover her panties. He undid the remaining buttons on her jeans, sliding his hands over the bare skin above her cunt.

Jodi moaned quietly as his finger massaged her mound, biting her lip to muffle the sound. She was so caught up in the sensations she almost didn't notice Sasha's hand sliding towards her crotch. An inch from touching Simon's hand, Jodi quickly grabbed Sasha's hand and sat up. Simon was abruptly pushed away. Both of them looked at Jodi.

Jodi snapped her pants back together under the blanket. She looked at Simon, noticing the restrained bulge in his pants. He displayed equal parts lust and confusion. Sasha's face was similar but it quickly changed to one of resignation. She tried to remove her hand but Jodi clung to it tightly. 

"We'll be right back," Jodi said, leaning into Simon to whisper into his ear. She piled the blanket onto his lap. Maintaining her grip on Sasha's hand, she pulled her friend off of the couch and headed downstairs to Simon's room.

Simon remained on the couch, his erection covered by the blanket. Movement caught his eye, noticing Vera and Freddie heavily making out on the love seat. Freddie's hand had disappeared under her shirt. Simon grumbled as he looked away, shoving the blanket aside to block his view of their activities.

*****

Simon awoke abruptly at the soft touch on his shoulder. He turned to see Jodi, smiling, nodding her head towards his stairs. His momentary confusion was broken as he realized that she was currently wearing nothing but one of his shirts. She was slightly hunched over, allowing the shirt to cover most of her body. She backed up towards the stairs, beckoning with her finger.

As dense as he could be at times, even Simon understood her intention. He briefly glanced over at Freddie to find him and Vera still occupied with each other. Quietly, he stood and crept from the living room. Jodi turned and ran down the stairs to his room.

*****

"Finally," Vera whispered. She pulled Freddie from her neck and his hand from under her shirt.

"Wha . . .?" he mumbled eloquently. Vera pushed him back into a sitting position. She swung her legs over him, straddling his lap. She quickly pulled her sweater over her head. One breast hung exposed, the one Freddie had been kneading like dough. The other remained caged as Vera brought her hands around her back and undid the clasp.

"Time for some real fun," she said. Her head, back lit by the TV, made it impossible to read her face but Freddie paid it little heed anyway. Vera's small bur enticing rack was displayed for all to see though there was no one else.

"What if they come back?" he asked.

"Oh," Vera reached up to squeeze her breasts, "I think those three will be busy for a while."

Freddie's last coherent word before his face was engulfed in flesh was, "Three?"

*****

Simon followed Jodi down the stairs, allowing him brief glimpses of her pale ass cheeks flashing from beneath the shirt. He was amazed that Jodi would be interested in sex with her friends around but he wasn't going to question it. Something about gift horses . . .

At the bottom of the stairs, only the lamp by his bed was on. Jodi sauntered over to his desk and pulled out the chair. She glanced, pointedly, at him then back at the chair as she swiveled it to face him. He took a step towards it before she raised her hand. She pointed at him and wiggled a finger.

A few seconds later, he understood. He shucked his clothing, tossing them into the corner. Simon was still a little nervous being displayed like this but his excitement overruled any embarrassment he might feel. His cock sprang to full attention in the cool air. 

Jodi patted the seat of the chair, smiling, her eyes hungering for him. He walked over and sat down. Jodi turned and grabbed a pair of his socks out of his dresser. She placed his wrist on the arm of the chair and wrapped one of the socks around it and the arm of the chair. She stopped and looked into his eyes. 

Simon smiled and nodded. Jodi leaned forward and kissed him as she tied it, snugly, but not so much that he couldn't get out if needs be. She then did the same to the other wrist.

Jodi slowly removed his shirt from her luscious body. Simon had never realized how erotic it was to be denied something so close. He feared the merest touch from her right now would set him off. Jodi glided towards him, shirt in hand. She gripped his shoulder and spun him and the chair around. 

Suddenly, his eyes were covered, the shirt being used as a convenient blindfold. Tied around his head, Simon could see nothing. He tensed, feeling her hands on his shoulders, as she leaned in, "Relax, lover. I think you're gonna enjoy this."

