 This is part two of what could be a multi-part story. Although one can read this independently, the reader will get a better feel for the characters and what's going on by reading part one first. If there's an interest, more chapters are just waiting to be written I hope you enjoy!

*****

"Good morning sweetie," my wife Samantha kissed me and sat down at our kitchen table, coffee mug firmly in hand.

"Good morning lovers," Marlene kissed me, then Samantha. She joined us with her own cup of coffee.

Marlene was Samantha's best friend and fellow nurse at the hospital. Two weeks ago I broke both of my arms in a series of unfortunate accidents. Long casts on both of them extended from my fingers almost to my shoulders on both sides, which made it almost impossible for me to do normal, day-to-day activities. My wife had asked her friend to help take care of me while I recuperated. That involved washing, dressing, eating, and even more personal care such as toileting. While that was routine for nurses like Marlene and Samantha, having my butt wiped or getting me to urinate straight into the toilet, was way more hands-on treatment than I ever expected to receive from a stranger. It turns out that it was a gateway to a lot more intimate activity. Shortly after Marlene began helping, I learned that she and my wife had formulated a plan for us to have three-way sex (something Samantha and I had thought about, but never done.) The night of wild sex that the three of shared was amazing. Samantha, with my hearty approval, invited Marlene to temporarily live with us, both to help while I healed, and to continue our sexual adventure. 

Marlene worked night shift opposite Samantha, so would get back to our place shortly after my wife left, help me with my morning routine such as bathing, dressing, and eating breakfast. We offered her a spot in our guest room, but she preferred to sleep in our bed. Likewise, she wound up intermixing her clothes with Samantha's, rather than keep them separate in the space my wife had cleared out. I often saw them wearing each other things (except for their bust, they were almost exactly the same size) which was sexy and intimate. It wasn't just clothes that they shared. They talked openly about everything, including sex, discussing what they liked, and didn't, and what they wanted. Marlene wasn't a bit shy either. More than once I'd seen her on our bed, door wide open and legs spread equally wide after a night shift, pleasuring herself with a vibrator. "It helps me release tension and get a good sleep," she'd informed me. I certainly didn't mind looking and she seemed to enjoy showing me. 

Marlene had come into our lives at just the right moment, when we needed her and when we were ready. She fit in with us like a key in a lock. And our expanded sexual cavorting hadn't diminished the deep emotional connection that my wife and I shared; to our surprise, it actually strengthened it. With Marlene around I felt closer to Samantha than I ever had.

This was the first morning in a while that Samantha had off. It was a long weekend for her and we'd slept in later than usual. Marlene also had the day off and joined us in our king sized bed when she got off work. I expected her to stay in bed, having just finished working a twelve hour overnight, and was surprised to see her pad into the kitchen, fully dressed, so early in the day.

"You're up early," I said. 

"It was a good nap. I sleep better next you both than by myself." Marlene smiled and took a sip of her brew. "I've got some things to do today and want to switch my internal clock over to days. I'll nap some more later then be on your schedule for the rest of the weekend." 

"Wasn't this your weekend to work?" Samantha asked.

"I traded with Heather. She needed a few days off next week and I wanted to be here with both of you."

A flush of crimson bloomed on the back of my wife's next, a telltale sign of arousal.

"There's something I want to show you." Marlene put down her cup and went to her purse where she'd left it on the counter. She pulled out an envelope and handed it to my wife. Then she sat down on my lap facing Samantha.

Immediately after I'd gotten hurt, Samantha and I had discovered that it was easier for me to stay half naked, unclothed from the waist down, because it was impossible for me to manage pants and use the toilet with both of my arms immobilized. My typical dress at home was just a tank top shirt. When Marlene sat on my legs there was nothing between her and my skin. She wriggled slightly getting comfortable as she leaned toward Samantha and pulled some papers out of the envelope.

"I thought that you both should see this," Marlene twisted slightly toward me, in the process grinding her fantastic ass closer to my crotch. She spread the papers flat on the table. 

I'm not in the medical business, but immediately recognized the top paper as an operative report. Marlene's name was printed clearly on it and under the heading "Procedure" was the word hysterectomy. "I had the most horrible periods growing up and into my twenties. The cramps and heavy bleeding put me in bed for a week at a time every month. To say that it ruined my life was an understatement. I saw a lot of specialists and did everything that they said to do. None of it worked. Eventually I found a compassionate gynecologist, who unlike every other one, suggested that I consider a hysterectomy even though it would mean that I could never bear children. It took a lot of soul searching on my part, and some professional counseling, but I didn't want my uterus running my life. So three years ago I had a hysterectomy. I've never regretted that decision."

"Wow. Thank you for sharing that," I said. "But I don't understand why you felt like you had to tell us." 

Samantha looked at me like I was an idiot. "She can't get pregnant." 

Marlene giggled. "Don't have to worry about birth control." She shifted her weight again and moved farther into me. "And this is the other thing I wanted to show you." The second piece of paper was a lab report also bearing Marlene's name. I didn't understand what any of it meant, but Samantha clearly did. She studied it carefully. "You got all of this done?"

"Yep. I thought that it was only fair, I mean given everything that we're doing."

"Wow. I hadn't given it a moment's thought, but thank you." She hugged her friend.

"What?" I had no idea what they were talking about.

"Marlene got a full (and I mean full) panel of STD tests done. She's completely free of anything. That is amazingly thoughtful."

Marlene grinned and squirmed in my lap.

"Dan and I will do the same," my wife announced. "And you don't need to worry about me getting pregnant, not that it applies." She held up her arm and pointed to the underside of her bicep where the long-term birth control implant was located. "It also stops my periods."

"Listen you guys," Marlene began. "You've been together for a long time. And I know from all of our conversations," she touched Samantha on the arm, "that nobody else has been in your bedroom for years. I'm not a bit worried about that. Please don't do any tests. Me, on the other hand, you don't know that at all. That's why I wanted to show you this. I don't want anything to get in the way of us enjoying ourselves together, no questions, no worries." She wriggled into me once more. I struggled to keep myself from moaning out loud as she pushed against my growing erection.

"I know as wide open as I am in bed that it probably seems like I've had tons of guys between my legs, but that's not it at all. It's just that I discovered early in life my passion for physical pleasure. I love just about anything that makes me feel good and I'm not shy about getting my fill. Nature gave us the ability to experience pleasure in many different ways. I see no reason not to embrace them all. I have my lines in the sand like anyone else; no children or animals, nothing that causes permanent damage, and no scat," she scowled. "But otherwise, mostly, I'll try just about anything once. I've discovered some things that I really love, you know that." Marlene grinned. "And sharing all of that with you guys like we did was so amazing that I want to keep exploring with you both. This, "she waved the papers, "is my way to eliminate any barriers that might keep us from going as far as we all want to."

"Wow, I'll say it again," my wife proclaimed. "The other night was amazing for us too. And it's not just the sex, Mar, we love having you here with us, in our lives, living here, sharing everything, being open and free the way we have. Even if we weren't having sex, it would be enough." Samantha hesitated. "Well maybe not enough. The sex is fantastic and I definitely don't want that to stop."

"Me either," I raised a casted arm. We all laughed. 

"So I guess you won't mind me asking this next question," Marlene said looking at my wife as she gathered the papers and stuffed them back into the envelope.

"Nothing's off limits."

"Can I fuck your husband?" Marlene pushed her ass into my now very rigid cock.

My wife didn't blink an eye at her friend's bold question. "I think we're kind of past that don't you?"

"Not really. We haven't crossed that line yet and if you're not okay with it..." 

Without hesitation, Samantha answered, "It's perfectly fine with me and I'm sure Dan won't mind a bit, will you hon?"

My wife's friend was openly grinding against me, stroking my exposed hardon with her butt cheeks. I nodded and croaked out, "No, not a bit."

"Goodie," Marlene exclaimed. Then to the surprise of both Samantha and myself, she suddenly stood up and pulled her sundress off over her head. Marlene was completely naked underneath, no bra, no panties. She pulled my chair back from table, creating more room, then spread my legs wider and pulled my cock up right. "He's been poking me with this thing and it's driving me crazy. I won't get anything done today until I get my fill." Marlene turned her back to me, stuck her butt out, then impaled herself onto my pole reverse cowgirl style. Samantha's eyes widened in surprise at her friend's unexpected move.

"Aaaah, that feels so good," Marlene exclaimed as I sank into her. "I just love being filled up with a good dick." She rotated toward me. "And yours feels really good." Her legs flexed and she drew up off me a few inches. "I'm really going to enjoy it," she dropped back down onto me. As Marlene slowly pulsed up and down on me, she turned back to Samantha and gripped her hands. "From the moment I first saw Dan's cock I knew that wanted to feel it inside of my pussy. Skin to skin, filling me up, sliding in and out, mmmm." The muscles around her vagina gripped me with each upward movement. Marlene kept talking to my wife. "And I want to feel every blast of his warm cum. Condoms ruin all of that. A necessary evil, but one I really wanted to avoid." Her thrusting increased in speed, pushing me toward climax. "That's why I wanted to show you my paperwork. Bareback sex, it's what I want with you both and there's nothing holding us back." She was pounding herself hard onto me, our skin slapping together loudly. Marlene's voice was even without a hint of how she was exerting herself. The small part of my brain that still worked was impressed with her physical conditioning. She let go of my wife's hands and braced herself against my legs as she picked up her pace even more. I wasn't going to last much longer. "So don't hold back. Give it to me Dan!" Her nails dug into my skin and that was it. With a loud groan I exploded. Orgasmic pleasure rushed up into me as gouts of semen flooded out of my cock deep into Marlene's grasping, hot pussy. 

"Yesss! That's it. That's what I was craving." After a few more thrusts, she sat down hard against me. Her muscles grasped the base of my wilted erection kept it firmly in place. "God, I love the way that feels. There's nothing like a hard cock detonating inside my pussy. I'm going to enjoy this as often as I can." She took Samantha's hands back in hers. "Thank you so much for sharing this, sharing him, with me." Marlene twisted toward me without dislodging my cock. "And thank you for sharing your beautiful, sexy wife with me." She kissed me on the lips. "Oh, and for sharing everything else too." Her muscles pumped on my dick as her eyes danced with mirth.

Marlene sighed contentedly and stood up. My limp penis slid out with a quiet pop. "Let me get you cleaned up then I need to get on with my day." She grabbed a wash cloth from the drawer, soaked it in warm water, then gently wiped my groin clean. A few drops of our combined secretions clung to my scant pubic hair and Marlene wiped them away with her fingers then sucked them clean. "Waste not, want not," she laughed. 

"Here you go," Samantha held out a fresh wash cloth.

"Oh, no thanks," Marlene replied as she shrugged her sundress back on, still naked underneath. "I don't want to miss feeling your hubby on me. I'll enjoy his cum on my skin while I do my errands. Nice memories and it makes me feel all hot and sexy."

"But won't everyone be able to tell?"

"I hope so," Marlene said as she picked up her purse. "I love seeing their faces when they smell me or see a streak sliding down the inside of my ankle. Every time they look shocked, but then they show their envy and arousal." She adjusted her dress and I could clearly see the outline of a bare breast through the fabric. Her nipple was erect and hard. "Love you both. Have a good day and I'll see you later. I'll grab a nap when I get back, then the evening is ours." Marlene kissed my wife, patted me on the shoulder and wafted out of the house.

Silence fell over the room. Samantha and I looked at each other. She stood still in the middle of the kitchen, clutching the unused wash cloth and I sat immobile in the chair where I'd just been perfunctorily fucked by her best friend. "Well, that was something," my wife finally said. She turned to the sink, put down the cloth and poured herself another cup of coffee. "Want any more?"

I hesitated for a second. "I don't think that I'm capable of any more right now. Give me a few minutes to recover."

Samantha burst out laughing. "Male pig! I meant coffee."

"In that case, yes please," I chuckled, glad that my wife appreciated the humor. She put a full cup in front of me, with a straw in it so that I could drink it by myself, and readjusted my chair back to the table. I tried to reach across the table for her hand, but the casts prevented that. "Are you okay?" I asked.

She looked directly at me, obviously thinking before she answered. "Yes I am. Are you?"

We had talked before engaging with Marlene that first time. Then, she'd said that bringing Marlene into our lives was a choice. That adding another intimate connection would not dilute what we shared, but could strengthen it. It certainly felt that way to me, but in a few short days Samantha and I had gone from monogamy to wide open, wild sex with her best friend. Actually doing all of this was very different than talking about it. Marlene was funny, smart, engaging, kind, and generous. But she also had much looser sexual boundaries than any that my wife and I had ever explored. Was all of this, what we'd done, and what Marlene hinted that she wanted to do, going too far for us? Were we in over our heads with this woman? Would letting loose with a relative stranger, even one that felt as if she fit in so well, tear my wife and I apart, or bring us closer together? 

I poured my heart out to Samantha. Told her all of the conflicting emotions that were coursing through me, shared every doubt and concern that had bubbled up in the aftermath of what we'd experienced. How weird, but exciting it had felt seeing my wife sitting so comfortably in front of me, holding the hands of another woman who was fucking me. I told her how erotic and energizing it had been the night the three of us ravished each other, and how much I'd enjoyed seeing her give and receive sexual gratification from another woman. I told her, how I wanted all of that and more, to bare myself in front of her, be vulnerable, give and get pleasure from both women. How I didn't want to stop and was looking forward to going places with them that we'd barely even thought about. And how deeply and unshakably I felt bonded to her. By then time I finished, I was drained.

"I love you more than ever," Samantha said after a very long pause. "You said everything that I've been feeling. We're on a roller coaster. It's wild, a bit scary, and I have no idea what's coming next, but every minute of it is exhilarating. I love being with you on this ride and wouldn't want to be anywhere else or with anyone else." She climbed into my lap and held my upturned face in her hands. "You are my rock. My soul has been and will always be with you. Our hearts are big enough and strong enough to open and let another in and join us on this ride. Let's all go together and see where it leads." We hugged silently for a long time. By the time Samantha stood up my legs had gone numb, but I felt happy, alive, and very lucky. 

"We're way behind on chores around here, what with you being infirm and me having to work," Samantha announced. "Let's get you cleaned up, and then we need to get this house cleaned up. You'll help." Take-charge Samantha was back and she was in kick ass mode. "First things first. Bathroom, teeth, sponge bath (real shower later I promise), and clothes. Get going mister." She swatted me on my butt playfully, but I knew she was serious.

Hours later, we'd cleaned the bathroom, made the bed, and vacuumed the upstairs. Samantha did most of the work, but I helped as much as I could. Marlene walked in just as we finished. She had several shopping bags in her arms and was toting a small duffle and rolling suitcase. "A few things I picked up while I was out," was her cryptic answer to our raised eyebrows. "If you don't mind, I'd really like to take a nap." 

"We got it all ready for you," Samantha said motioning to the freshly changed bed.

"Thank you so much. But it doesn't have you two in it."

"Not yet," my wife said, "but definitely later."

Marlene smiled and stripped off her dress. Just as she'd described after our breakfast tryst, her legs were streaked with dried secretions.

"Any luck with that?" Samantha asked pointed to Marlene.

She stretched out and pulled the fresh sheets up to her chin. "Oh yes, very much. And it had just the effect that I like." She closed her eyes and rolled over. 

It was close to dinner time when we heard Marlene moving about upstairs. Samantha and I had finished cleaning the kitchen and dusting the living room. We were starting on dinner and an aroma of frying bacon filled the air. "Mmm, that smells terrific," Marlene said on entering the kitchen. She was wearing one of my wife's oversized t-shirts. Her bare, clean legs stuck out below the hem and like before, she moved with sensuous cat-like agility. "I'm famished," she picked up a piece of freshly cooked bacon and munched. "What can I do to help?"

"We're having an old standby tonight, spaghetti carbonara with Ceasar salad. Can you pick out some wine and let us know what you want for a pre-dinner drink," Samantha said.

"Sounds great." Marlene moved to the under counter wine cooler. Unabashedly she bent over to look inside, exposing her naked rear. Samantha glanced at me and smiled. "How's this one?" Marlene held up a New Zeeland Sauvignon Blanc.

"Perfect," my wife and I said in unison.

"Shall I make martinis for all of us?" 

We nodded and Marlene went to work mixing the drinks while Samantha finished cooking the bacon.

"You got dressed up just for me?" Marlene asked as she put a full glass, with a straw in it, on the counter in front of me. "I'm flattered, but you needn't have gone to such trouble." Her eyes sparkled with humor the same way they had the first night she came over and cooked. 
