 The present I got my boyfriend for his birthday might make some people call me the best girlfriend ever. But I did it for me as much as for him. I got off on this big time.

My name is Casey. I'm 21 and work at the lingerie store at the mall. As well as the sexy underwear, we also stock a small number of sex toys at the back of the store. We're not your typical seedy sex shop, but even the few vibrators and strap-ons we have get you used to a fairly liberal clientele. And that's not to mention my co-workers. They're three of the most sex-obsessed girls I've ever met.

Jenna is my manager. She's tall, black, and her huge boobs, despite their size, still sat perky on her slender body. I soon learned what a fun place to work this would be after Jenna, rather than discouraging any talk on risqué topics, actively encouraged it. She had some of the dirtiest stories to tell herself.

As big as Jenna's tits were, they had nothing on Nadia's. Apparently the store we worked at was the only place in town where she could get bras that fit. Nadia was the shortest of us, and she carried a little extra plumpness. She carried it well though. She had this look she could do, a look of pure rampant desire. If she looked at you like that I don't think you had much chance of not fucking her. I'd seen it a couple of times on nights out and she always got her man when she pulled that look. It made me go weak at the knees and I wasn't even the target. Jenna told me that Nadia had done things filthier than even Jenna herself had, she just didn't brag about like Jenna did.

Amy was the princess. She had long blonde princess hair and delicate pointed features. Her tits were still handfuls, but not as noticeably large as Jenna's or Nadia's. Maybe that was because the rest of her body was so perfect. She looked so delicate that she might break if you hit her too hard. Every inch of her soft skin looked like it had been crafted personally by God. She was no angel though, no matter how innocent she looked. 

So, why have I just spent time describing my co-workers, especially focusing on their tits. Well, I know my boyfriend, Adam, loves big tits. We've watched porn together and I know he likes his breasts big, bold and bouncy. 

I have A-Cups.

We love each other but I know I can never make all his big-boobed fantasies come true... but my co-workers could. They had three of the best pairs in the state. They'd heard me describe how good Adam could fuck me numerous times. How perfect I thought his cock was. They loved sex. They were down to give my boyfriend the birthday present of a lifetime.

*

It was after closing time and the mall was empty. The lights in our store were off at the front and dimmed at the back near the changing rooms. It was almost time.

I sat a chair facing the three changing rooms we had. A red curtain was drawn across each room. Waiting.

I wandered to the front of the store to see if Adam was on time. Sure enough he was there, trying not to look too shifty waiting in from of the store's ultra sexy window display. Perfect.

I unlocked the door and beckoned to him to hurry inside. He looked shocked to see me in only a silky black kimono.

"Happy birthday, baby," I purred, pulling him into a kiss.

"H-hey," he stammered. "What's with the outfit? N-not that I'm complaining."

I just smiled a wicked smile and led him by the hand to the back of the store. I pushed him down into the chair facing the changing rooms and straddled his lap, settling my pussy, covered only in a thin black thong, teasingly over his stirring crotch.

"I wanted to get you the best birthday present I could," I whispered in his ear. "And I know how much you love big, juicy, tits."

He made to protest that my tits were fine and that he loved them. He was sweet. I placed a finger to his lips and told him so.

"If you want to make me happy tonight all I ask of you is that you enjoy me present. Enjoy it fully, without a second thought. Let yourself go. I promise, you'll still have these to play with later tonight," and with that I slid my kimono off my shoulders, revealing my tiny tits, my nipples pointed out and hard as glass.

Adam tried to take a nipple into his mouth but I abruptly jumped up off him. 

"You're going to play a game today," I told him. "You are going to have to guess the bra sizes of my co-workers. Get it right and... you get to keep their bra. Oh, and they're not wearing much else apart from their bra."

The look on Adam's face was a mix of disbelief, apprehension, and absolute arousal.

"Just one thing first," I said and took his limp arms and quickly handcuffed his wrists behind the chair. "You can't move from this chair for the show... and no hands allowed... for now."

"You sure this is okay, Casey?" he managed to choke out; his erection fighting his natural tendency to be a gentleman.

"Absolutely okay," I replied. "Don't ask me again. Now come on out, Jenna!"

The first curtain drew back and Jenna stepped out. Her smile was dirty and electric. She was wearing an embroidered green plunge bra and matching green thong. Adam couldn't keep his eyes off her tits which gently bounced and threatened to spill out with each step.

"Nice bra, huh? The tits aren't bad either. So what size do you think they are? You only need the cup size."

"Erm, D Cup?" mumbled Adam transfixed.

I kicked him in the shin.

"D Cup!?" I asked. "Are you looking at the floor or her tits. They're way bigger than that."

"I'm insulted," said Jenna with a fake pout. "Casey told us you loved big tits, guess she was wrong. Guess again. That's the only life we're gonna give you."

"Alright, alright," said Adam, now concentrating hard. "F Cup?"

Jenna smiled and walked seductively towards where Adam sat. She stretched a slender leg over Adam's and sat across him. The thin thong she wore was barely stretched over her pussy. You could see where her skin got lighter just around the hem of the material.

Jenna looked Adam dead in the eye. "Correct," she announced. She leaned back and reached one hand behind her back. Next second her bra had fallen away. 

She leaned back and shook her tits at Adam. They were so big and the bounce that went through them with each shake of her shoulders was even making me wet. I could see Adam's bound wrists straining at the cuffs. He wanted badly to plunge his hands into them, grab them, feel her tits squeezing between his fingers. He wanted to pinch her large, dark nipples.

"Shame about the no hands rule, isn't it?" I said. "But... and Jenna agrees with me... there definitely isn't a no touching rule."

Jenna did what she had been longing to do. She rocked forwards and buried Adam's face between her tits.

I slipped a hand inside my thong as I watched him lose himself in them. He was going nuts. He didn't know whether to lick, suck, bite or nibble. Jenna laughed and laughed, pushing her tits together, smothering his face.

I noticed the dark stain of pre-cum soaking through his jeans. Loathe as I was to stop touching myself, I had to move the show along. He couldn't cum just yet. 

"Alright, Jenna, lay off him."

Still, giggling dirtily, Jenna dismounted my boyfriend and came over to join me. I saw Adam enjoying the view of her scarcely covered ass as she walked.

"Your turn, Nadia," Jenna called.

Holy shit! That was all I could think when I saw Nadia. She was pure sex. Her slightly chubby body would have made most girls shy and careful. Nadia was confidence. 

She strutted out in lacy black underwear with the most dangerously cut balcony bra I'd ever seen. Her huge tits jiggled up and down as she walked. They looked so smooth. I wanted to dive right in myself. 

I was about to slip my hand back inside my waistband but before I could I found Jenna's hand already there. She had a really dirty look in her eye. My boss was fingering me.

I could feel her talented fingers playing over my slick pussy, teasing my clit. I saw Nadia give my boyfriend 'the look'.

"Guess!" she ordered. 

That was too much for me to take without doing something, anything. My hand shot inside Jenna's thong. I was fingering my boss.

"One hint," moaned Jenna. "It's a double cup."

"Double... G?" Guessed Adam.

I didn't see Nadia rush over to Adam, strip off her bra and begin suffocating him with her boobs because Jenna's tongue was down my throat. I was tongue kissing my boss while my boyfriend had his face in possibly the best looking pair of tits I'd ever seen. They were huge and creamy but without a hint of sag and the nipples stuck out just the right amount. 

I felt Jenna's fingers keenly. I was getting closer, close, so close.

"Amy, get your skinny butt out here!" hollered Jenna, and she abruptly stopped fingering me, leaving me in a state somewhere between bliss and frustration.

Amy emerged as Nadia came over to join us. God, Nadia's tits just defied belief, Amy's looked great too. She was wearing a classic pure white bra with a matching g-string. She was easily the shyest as she walked out, but even that seemed to suit her. Amy just couldn't look anything other than stunning. Put her in a burlap bag and every man in the land would still want to fuck her. I could see Adam did.

Amy's breasts were positively petite by comparison, but there was still a healthy amount of cleavage there. I wondered if it would throw Adam.

"C-Cups," he said confidently.

Amy blushed.

"You got it," she said hesitantly. 

She was the only one who didn't look sure about loosing her bra, but seeing the rest of us in just our panties, she slowly, dropped one strap and then the other. The bra unfastened at the front and with a little push of her perky tits together, the bra unclasped. Amy paused, looked over at us one more time, and dropped the bra to the floor.

Her tits probably looked like a princess's tits should. There were perky, way perky. The nipples were purest pink and stood out from her flawless body. Amy should have been a model. She preferred college but if she ever lost her smarts after a bump on the head she could have been in any fashion, or porn magazine in the world.

"Erm, do I have to, put my tits in his face now?" asked Amy of us.

"Yes," said Jenna simply. "You don't and you're fired."

"Just asking," said Amy, gaining confidence as she stepped over to Adam.

He was far more considered this time. The sheer size of Jenna and Nadia had driven him into a frenzy when his head was in their tits, but with Amy he was more restrained. He flicked his tongue across them, pulled gently on her pink nipples with his teeth, and kissed those perky tits like the works of art they were. 

I saw all this over Nadia's head. Jenna was behind me, cupping my tiny tits in her hands. Nadia's hand had replaced Jenna's in my panties and had two fingers buried in my pussy. The black fabric was getting more soaked with each thrust inside me.

Amy was walking over to join us all too soon and Nadia stopped working the magic she was beneath my panties. I needed to cum. I'd never had a girl's fingers inside me before. Now I'd had two different girls' fingers and I wanted to cum all over them. 

Jenna smiled and slapped Amy a high five.

"Did you enjoy all that, Adam?" she asked.

"Yes," panted Adam weakly. I could tell he wanted to cum just as much as I did.

"Well, as your girlfriend seems a little overexcited herself, I'll explain what's going to happen next. She'll stop me I'm sure if I say anything unfamiliar to her." Jenna flashed me a devilish grin.

"First things first though."

Jenna stalked over to Adam and unfastened his handcuffs. Adam made to grab her breasts but Jenna slapped his hand away. 

"Strip," she ordered. "That's all."

Adam did as he was told. I knew he'd be a little intimidated by having three almost strangers watching him but his horniness had firmly taken hold.

He revealed his athletic torso quickly, then dropped his jeans and boxers without ceremony as one. His cock was almost as hard as it could get. Just over seven inches, but it was the shape of it that was perfect. It felt so good inside me. I could feel every ridge of it and it totally filled me. Nadia stared at it hungrily.

As soon as Adam had stepped out of his jeans Jenna had the cuffs back on him and he was back in the chair.

"Soon, Adam, you are going to take off all of our panties and have a fuck session Casey has designed purely for your pleasure. She tells us it will feed all of your fantasies and leave you with a very happy birthday to remember. So here's the deal, you get to have one of us suck your rather impressive cock and titfuck you. You get to fuck another one of us in the pussy. Don't get any ideas about fucking us in the ass. What you and Casey do on your own is up to you but here pussy is all you'll get."

"I'm more than okay with that," said Adam hurriedly. "As long as Casey is."

"Of course I am," I shouted impatiently. "I set this whole thing up. If you don't relax and enjoy it I'll just have to take you home. I want to see you fuck one of these girls. I want to see your face as their tits bounce up and down like mine never could."

I don't think Adam could speak. He just smiled the smile of a man whose wildest fantasies were coming true before his eyes.

"And finally," went on Jenna. "You can choose one of us, provided you haven't already cum, to kneel in front of you and take your load all over their pretty face."

Adam had a big thing for cumming on my face. Along with tits it was his biggest fetish area. I saw him struggling to take in how lucky he was getting, but then he said something that surprised me.

"What about Casey, what does she do?"

"Good question," said Jenna. "She..."

"She licks up all the cum," finished Nadia.

We hadn't discussed this. My eyes widened but seeing Adam's expression made my pussy burn with desire. I wanted that cum.

"Looks like it's settled," said Jenna. "So, all you have to decide is what you want each of us to do. Once you've decided we have a fun way for you to let us know your decision. But think about it a little first."

And without warning, Jenna's tongue was back between my lips. Amy was caressing my tits. Nadia discarded my soaked thong and then... Her tongue was at my pussy. Nadia was the first girl to ever lick my pussy and it felt fucking great.

I began writhing. I let out a long and loud moan. I wanted to fall down but the girls didn't let me. They had me at all sides, propping me up, touching all my sex buttons. My boss was sucking my nipples. Amy was sensually running her hands over every inch of me, kissing me, gently slapping my ass. All the while Nadia worked her magic tongue over my clit, flicking naughtily at my pussy entrance. I could feel something big building.

Jen's hand snaked around my back, running lower and lower until... she lightly pressed her middle finger against my asshole. I came. Hard. If anyone was still in the mall they heard me screaming.

"Fuck! Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck Nadia! Fucking Jenna! Fuck!"

It took me a long time to cool down. I don't know how long it was. I was lost in my orgasm. When I came to I was shaking slightly, hunched on the floor. And I was still fucking horny.

"Uncuff him," I ordered. Jenna obeyed.

Adam stood up. His thick cock was streaming pre-cum. I wanted badly to lick it off but that wasn't going to be my job.

"Adam," I said formally. "Please take off the panties of the girl who you would like to blow you."

I watched intrigued as to who he would choose. Having my boss suck his dick would be quite something, but seeing Amy with a cock in her perfect mouth would be a sight for him too. But in the end he ended up walking behind Nadia and yanking her black panties off. It had to be really. The way she had been staring at his cock there was no way a man could resist it.

"Next Adam," I continued very formally. "Please take off the panties of which ever fine young vixen you want to fuck until she can't walk tomorrow."

This was a hard choice. Most guys would give their right arms to fuck a girl like Amy, but Jenna had the bigger tits, and how many guys would like to have fucked their girlfriend's boss, especially when that boss was as hot as Jenna. 

But then again maybe it would be more satisfying to cum all over my boss's face AND have me lick the cum off her. Although Amy's face looked so perfect and innocent. Imagining how it would look defiled with my boyfriend's cum made my pussy burn ready for action again.

It was Jenna's thong that hit the floor. Amy looked a little apprehensive. I knew she'd have picked a facial last if she had the chance. I think everyone in the room knew it too. Maybe that was why Adam had picked her. Finally he was dropping the gentleman routine.

"And now, my dear Adam, remove Amy's panties to let her know her face will be covered in your hot, sticky cum before too long."

My fake posh voice was driving him into a frenzy. He almost ripped away Amy's g-string.

"I want all three of them. I want them all to blow me, I want to fuck them all, I want my cum on all of their faces."

"Woah calm down, stud," said Jenna. "The rules are the rules."

"Yes," I agreed walking over to him. "The rules are the rules... and if you have it all now..." I dropped my voice to a whisper, "...what can I get you for Christmas?"

"Nadia," I said more loudly. "Suck my boyfriend's cock for me."

Nadia, who had been happily touching herself, shot over to us and dropped to her knees, instantly engulfing Adam's raging cock into her well-practiced slut mouth.

"Fuck," moaned Adam in pleasure.

I was enjoying watching Nadia's head bob up and down Adam's shaft, noisily taking every inch of his cock into her throat, purposefully gagging on it. Then I felt two hands on my shoulders and I was forced to my knees. Jenna.

"Get me ready for your boyfriend," she commanded and shoved my head towards her crotch. 

Her pussy was well cared for, completely shaved save for a thin strip of dark hair in the center. I didn't have much time to look though before I was exploring it with my tongue. All I could see when I looked up were Jenna's magnificent breasts.

Jenna moaned and pulled my hair, pressing me harder into her pussy. All I could think over and over was that my tongue was in my boss's pussy. I had no idea what I was doing but Jenna didn't seem to care.

I could hear Adam getting close. Amy pulled Nadia back and passed Adam a bottle of sensual massage oil from the shelf.

"Perfect for titfucks," she said with a wink.

Adam didn't need telling twice. He finally got his hands on Nadia's glorious tits, liberally oiling them up. I didn't think it would be possible for Nadia's tits to look even sexier but they did.

Adam sat back on the chair and Nadia advanced. I missed most of his cock between her tits though. I missed her sticking her tongue out to catch the tip of his dick on every single stroke of the best tittyfuck of his life. I was too busy working Jenna's pussy which was becoming wetter and wetter.

I eagerly lapped at her wetness, loving the taste and wondering why it had taken me so long to go down on a girl.

"Shit!" yelled Jenna abruptly. "I need to fuck."

Amy pulled a very reluctant Nadia away from Adam's cock. It was at absolute maximum hardness now. He was really close. Fortunately for him, so was Jenna.

As I watched my boyfriend's beautiful cock, slick with my friend's spit, disappear into my boss's pussy I could tell this wouldn't be a long fuck.

Both were right on the edge. Jenna rode him hard, slam-grinding into him with each satisfying stroke.

"Fuck, this cock is good," she moaned.

Then she went faster, harder, bottoming out on his cock with greater frequency. Her tits were a blur of pleasure until Adam grabbed them and held them fast and firm.
