 It's about time for us to take a trip together. We decide on Las Vegas. We make reservations for a penthouse suite at the Mirage. It's upscale and right in the heart of it all. We are on pins and needles waiting for the start of what will surely be an incredible weekend. Something about that town that makes one have naughty thoughts. They don't call it sin city for nothing you know. You mention to me that you are planning to go on a shopping spree for some sexy lingerie to take on the trip and I persuade to wait till we're in Vegas cause there's no better place to buy beautiful, sexy under garments than Las Vegas. I laugh when I tell you this and I have a slightly devilish grin. You want to know what I've got planned but there is no way you're going to get even an inkling of what's in store for you. 

We make it to the airport in plenty of time and you look fabulous for the trip. Not made up or dressed to seduce, just sexy as hell. We have a window seat and middle seat. I insist that you take the middle seat and ignore your protestations to the contrary. While we are settling in, a rather attractive man looking to be in his early 40's takes his place next to you in the isle seat of our row. I can't help but notice the slightly disappointed look in your eyes. You were hoping that we might "'play" a bit during the flight. I smile, again with more than a hint of unspoken mischief showing in my expression.

As our flight takes off we are shaking with anticipation thinking of what we will do while there. I begin to gently brush my fingertips over your exposed knees and up your thighs. Goose bumps instantly raise up and down both legs. There is a nice looking but slightly stuffy looking couple is the seats across the isle from us. The man next to you smiles and nods to you and is watching us out of the corner of his eye while trying not to stare. Your face is already flushed red and you are not completely sure if you're comfortable with me teasing you with other people so easily able to see what we are up to. I do not let up and I actually am enjoying your discomfort. I push the yellow button overhead and ask the flight attendant if she can get a blanket for us? She returns a moment later and hands you the blanket which you drape over your lap and knees.

Now I can ramp up my digital ministrations without attracting too much unwanted attention, or can I? As my fingers move up your legs towards the hem of your almost too short dress hem, you start to squirm a bit as you look at me with a curious mixture of fear and lust. As my fingers slide further up your soft thighs, your eyes widen and your legs close in a futile attempt to prevent me from going further. I lean towards you and say in a voice that surprises you with it's assertiveness "You will do as I say, open your legs and allow me to touch you wherever and however I please." You quickly realize that I am very serious and you acquiesce to my command which, as it turns out, was loud enough to be overheard by our handsome neighbor. He is now making no pretense about staring at us and I can see that he has lowered his tray table even though there is nothing on it. You also quickly lower yours but are looking at me for approval before letting it down. I smile my acceptance of your action and you feel a slight relief since this will make it just a bit harder for others to see what we are up to. 

I lean foward and make eye contact with him. He raises an eyebrow signifying the question I know he is asking and give him an almost imperceptable head nod while leaning back with a broad smile on my face. You only have a moment to wonder what that was about before you experience the seering shock of his fingertips very gently brushing the outside of your left thigh. I can feel your body immediately tense up and again lean towards you bringing my mouth very close to your left ear. You can feel my warm breath as I tell you "do not resist this. You know you love it so you will just sit back and let us have our way with you. " The closeness of my mouth to your ear makes you shiver and I feel your muscles relax a bit even though you are almost trembling. Your mind is reeling and you have a thousand questions which go unspoken and unanswered for now.

Our fingers are now sliding smoothly over the tops of your thighs and we can both feel the goose bumps that have instantly raise all over your now highly aroused, beautiful body. You close your eyes and let your head rest back against the seat as you give in the increasingly illicit events taking place under the thin blue blanket in your lap. Our actions have not gone unnoticed by the coulple across the isle. The husband is in the isle seat and his attention is riveted on what is taking place just out of his sight under the tray table. In fact, both of them are watching while trying hard not to look like they are. After all, they're headed to Vegas too. The fact that you decided to go braless is not helping to keep our erections at bay. This delectable little detail does not go unnoticed by the other couple. 

We ramp up our ministrations and we are both focused on our goal of making you cum while we're flying. It's not quite the mile high club but it's close enough for now. And besides, we don't want to get arrested before our weekend even starts. Our fingers meet at your already soaking wet pussy. You nasty girl, you did not wear any panties under that all too short skirt of yours. By this point in time I would imagine that anyone within a couple of rows of us can not only smell your excited kitty, but can probably almost hear the squishing sounds she's making as the mytery traveler and I intensify our efforts. The man across from us is going crazy and it's obvious by the tent in his pants that he is enjoying the show immensely. 

There are now 10 fingers working on you swollen labia and strumming your juicy, stiff, excited little clit. It's hard not to notice that your face is rather flushed and your breath is coming in short rapid gasps. At that precise moment the flight attendant notices your condition and stops at our seats and asks you if you are feeling ok? We do not stop our digital assault on your sex and you are barely able to spurt out to her that you're ok you just get a little anxious whenever you fly and that you should be feeling better shortly. Truer words were never spoken. Good lie but I don't believe she bought it. As she walks away with a smile on her face, we both insert two fingers each into you pussy and wiggle them rapidly. This causes you to jump in your seat and it's now quite obvious to our neighbors what we are up too. His erection is showing even more than before while still trying not to be too obvious with his leering. The "Old Ball'n' Chain" next to him looks prim and proper but we know that she's getting turned on too. 

Your nipples are poking quite prominently from your top and you look like a woman that is about ready to explode. A few more strokes by each of us directly on your extremely sensitive clit and the damn bursts. You bite hard on your lip to keep from screaming out and we notice a tear running down your cheek. We all remain motionless for a moment and as you regain you composure and your breathing slows, we remove our dripping wet fingers from your cunt and bring them up to our noses to inhale deeply before we start methodically licking them clean of your essence. This has the effect of embarrassing you and turning you right back on at the same time. The man of the couple next to us is beside himself with lust and his wife is also turning red. 

I decide to really blow his mind and lean over telling my counterpart on your left to lean across the isle, offer him a finger and ask if he would like a little taste. He quickly feigns indignance and ignores him and turns to his wife in mock disgust but you know he'd love a taste of your succulent juices. All of of sudden we hear the flight attendants voice over the speaker saying "ladies and gentlemen, we are making our decent in to McCarran International Airport, please place all tray tables and seat backs into their upright and locked positions and put your fingers back where they belong" OK maybe she really did not say that last part, but we are getting ready to land and you turn to give me a quick kiss and a thank you. I tell you to be polite and thank our neighbor also.

It is easy for you to smell and taste your cum on our lips. We both have shit eating grins on our faces and somehow we just can't comply with the flight attendant and keep sniffing our fingers. It's a good thing that it'll take some time to deplane. We need a chance for our zipper busting erections to subside a bit. We finally get to introduce ourselves to him and learn that his name is Patrick, "please call me Pat". We also learn that he is staying at the Mirage and is in town on business. We agree to share the ride to the hotel.

Once we've retrieved all our luggage and hailed a cab to the Mirage you decide to have a little fun and start flashing the cabbie when he looks in the rearview mirror We 3 are in the back seated closely togther. The driver can easily see your wet pussy and no doubt detect her intoxicating and overpowering aroma too. We tell him enjoy the view but not to have an accident. We pull up to a red light and Pat and I quickly remove the straps off each shoulder and expose your beautiful tits with your now rock hard nipples.

We now have the cabbies full attention until the car behind honks cause the light is now green. The cab lurches forward and your beutiful breasts jiggle wildly. We each take a nipple in our mouths and now you feel free to moan out your pleasure. You've spread your legs open wide and as we stop at the next light, the cabbie is delighted to see you open to his view. Stopped at the next light, he now turns around to get a better view as you look him right in the eyes and smile lustfully. As we suck your nips, you insert a finger into your pussy and stare at him as your eyes roll back and you are almost swept away with your impending release, he is captivated and can't believe his luck, the horns go off again and he again jerks forward. 

All to soon, he announces our arrival at the Mirage, we slowly get you covered back up. You are once again quite flushed and very turned on. I intend to keep you that way for our entire stay. As the cab pulls up and stops we go to pay him and he refuses saying that he has already received ample payment. We tip him very well as the doorman opened the cab door, I get out first and as you exit you make sure that your skirt rides all the way up to your lower stomach up giving the doorman a nice unfettered look at you dripping wet, deliciously naked pussy. He smiles broadly and takes your hand to help you out wishing us a very pleasant and enjoyable stay at the Mirage.

We locks arms and head inside wondering what other wonderfully erotic adventures await us..........Stay tuned!