 We'll now, let's get back to the story. Let's see, where were we... oh yes, I remember, when last we left our horny, intrepid trio, they were on their way out of the Forum shops at Caesars Palace following a rather stimulating shopping trip while anxiously anticipating a well deserved and much needed meal. After all, they have a long weekend ahead of them and need to maintain their strength so that they can pursue all of their carnal desires.

The Restaurant;

We arrive at Firefly a spanish tapas restaurant on Paradise just a couple of blocks off the strip. It is off to one side of a small strip mall but it is quite a few levels above the fast food crap you can find nearby. There is a large tropical fish tank in the lobby/ waiting area. A bar runs the length of the room on the right and there are tables both outside and inside. We are escorted by the lovely hostess to a corner booth with a large round table. You sit in the middle between Pat and I. 

The dining room is fairly dark with candles on the tables. There is a wonderful sound system playing some fairly upbeat Flamenco music. We are greeted by our server Tim. You immediately notice he's quite a hunk. He looks a lot like Matt Damon only a bit taller and thinner. He asks if we have ever been here before. I tell him that I have but neither of you have and explains how the menu works. Everything is served on small plates and they are meant to be shared. We start by ordering a top vintage bottle of Albarino wine. 

We all toast to a wonderful weekend. After perusing the menu we order about a dozen different vegan dishes and look forward to a delicious feast, oh, and some good food too. Needless to say, our shopping experience has left us all excruciatingly excited and horny. Deb, I must take a moment to say that you are positively radiant this evening and it is impossible for Pat and I not to notice your very stiff, excited nipples as they try desperately to push through the thin material of your dress.

I'm certain that the rest of the patrons and staff are also enjoying the view. We slide up against you on either side and press our thighs to yours as we start gently stroke up and down your legs ever so lightly with our fingertips. This causes you to shiver and you nipples become even longer and firmer.

I lean over and whisper in your ear telling you to remove your panties. It's not an inquiry or a question, it's a demand and you comply without hesitation. Once they are down and off your legs I tell you to place them on the table in front of me. You give me a questioning glance but my facial expression clearly lets you know that I very serious and expect you to comply without delay. You are nervous and excited beyond belief and your face turns bright red at the thought of what I am telling you to do. You know that they are absolutely soaked with your juices. You quickly place them on my plate and I can easily smell the sweet musky aroma of your very wet and turned on pussy wafting up from the delectably juicy garment in front of me. 

****

Now I know what you might be thinking at this point in our story. If you've been paying close attention to details, you'd have noticed that I had told Deb in our room to not wear any under garments and on the escalator, the folks behind us could see her tasty pussy peeking out from you skirt. Well, it turns out that when our SHHHHH! assistant Nikki was finished with her she slide a sexy pair of panties on her to keep the surprise tucked safely in Debs' juicy pussy.

**** Just then, Tim shows up with the first couple of tasting plates. As he sets them down in the center of the table, his vision is riveted to your soaking wet panties on the plate in front of me. The look on his face is priceless and he is trying really hard to maintain his professional demeanor. I mention to him that there seems to be something on my plate and I wonder if he could get me a new one. His smile is ear to ear and he says "Yes Sir, I'd be delighted to get you a clean plate. I am so sorry about that." 

He gladly removes the soiled plate as he stares deep into your eyes with a lust that is slightly inappropriate for his position. You smile at him and your eyes close slightly. We don't remove our hands and instead slide them up a little higher towards their goal. Tim smiles broadly at you and realizes what we are up to. 

He reluctantly turns to leave after staring into your eyes again, which causes you to sigh and let out a slight moan, or is it our fingers doing that? Tim returns with a clean plate, more food and a shit eating grin on his face. You are starting to squirm in your seat. He is enjoying the show as his imagination kicks into overdrive picturing what we are doing to you under the table. 

When he goes back to the waiters station, he nods his head toward our table as he engages in an animated discussion with the rest of the wait staff. They all turn and look in our direction, smiling. It's quite obvious that you Deb, are the talk of the whole restaurant and truly the center of attention. By now Pat and I are eating with one hand while the others are engaged elsewhere. You are trying to eat normally but it is becoming increasingly difficult for you and your hand to mouth coordination is starting to become impaired.

Our finger tips are now brushing up against your now dripping wet lips and I ain't talking about the ones on your beautiful and now rather flushed face. You gasp sharply and almost drop your fork as we each slide the tip of one of our fingers inside of you. We are both really enjoying the exquisitely delicious torture we are causing you. 

You are finding it increasingly difficult to maintain your composure due to our digital ministrations. The dining room has begun to fill up and our nearest neighbors have become aware that the action at our table, both on top and underneath looks and sounds considerably more enjoyable, exciting and sexy than at theirs and we're having way more fun than they are too.

As Pat slides two fingers in your dripping pussy, I start to circle your clit with my finger tip. Your eyes shut as you take a sharp breath and tell us to slow down before you loose it but we do not acquiesce to your desperate pleading and start to move our hands even faster. This is going to be way better than Meg Ryans' fake orgasm in the restaurant scene in "When Harry Met Sally" 

When I hear your rapid breathing and feel your pussy muscles start to contract, I know you are getting very close so I quickly motion for Tim to come over while I whisper in your ear "I want you to ask Tim for another bottle of wine" You look at me is an amazing combination of fear and lust as he quickly makes his way to our table with a large smile as he spies your present condition. For some unknown reason he is extremely attentive to our needs this evening. Pat and I are now working on your ready to explode cunt at full speed and it is quite obvious to anyone who looks, what we are up to. 

You are right at the edge and you grab hold of the table edge with white knuckled intensity as he steps up to ask what he can do for us while locking his eyes on yours and quite easily assessing the current predicament that you are in. I again lean in close to your ear and command you to hand him the empty bottle and ask for another. 

He again asks while looking at you, "what can I do for you folks". I tell you to answer him and you slowly lift the bottle to him as as his hand grasps the bottle, covering your hand his touch feels like an electric shock shooting thru your body. You try desperately to speak to him but you are unable to articulate your desire to order another bottle of wine. To add to this intensity that you are already experiencing I quickly reach my other hand into my right pocket and flick the switch on the small remote control I have hidden there. 

You are extremely shocked, almost beyond your comprehension and quite suddenly and very explosively reminded of the mystery item that Nikki slid inside of your snatch as a remote controlled vibrating silver egg whirs to life deep inside you and you explode in an amazing orgasm, your eyes roll back and you groan much louder than you'd like but you are beyond caring what those around are thinking. Pat and I can feel the vibrations emanating from your spasming pussy traveling thru the seat cushions and your vibrating thighs which are now very energetically quaking against our legs. 

Tim still has his hand securely around yours and he can easily feel you cumming. Your hand is shaking but he does not let go. He couldn't even if he wanted to. Tim is completely mesmerized by the situation that he is fortunate enough to be experiencing. He has never felt anything quite like this. Even in sin city, this is a first for him. Your eyes open and lock onto his. All you can manage to say is "OH MY GOD". 

Tim, Pat and I are all smiling from ear to ear as he says he'd be delighted to get us some more wine if that is what you are trying, but failing, to ask him for but he lingers for a minute still holding your hand and the bottle. As he pries open your fingers from their extremely firm grip on the bottle he reluctantly turns to fetch another bottle promising to return immediately and you know he's going to be back asap. 

You turn to Pat and give him a very deep, sloppy, wet french kiss then turn to me and do the same. After our tongues part you say, "Holy fucking shit, what the hell was that? You guys are going to get us arrested." I chuckle and let you know that it was the first of many surprises and that I'm delighted you enjoyed it. "Besides I don't think that anyone here is going to spoil this incredible evening by calling the cops. This is easily the most entertaining show they will have seen in Vegas. And it's free too."

It's become obvious to you, by this point in time that Pat and I have erections that are hard enough to hit a baseball with. We've also noticed that Tim is having a hard time hiding his excitement under his waiters apron. We also both have dripped enough precum that we created wet spots on the front of our pants. But that is nothing compared to the river of cum hat has pooled on the seat between your still trembling legs. You are still shuddering and you plead with me to "turn the damn thing off before you cause me to pass out". I flip it off and you sigh and start to calm down knowing full well that I have complete and absolute control of the remote and can turn it back on at any time the mood strikes me.

I grab one of the warm, roasted purple potato wedges from the dish in front of me and instead of dipping it in the garllic aioli that it comes with, I reach between you legs and draw the pointed end of the warm spud up between you dripping labia and coat it with your essence. I bring the potato up to my lips and notice the incredible shine caused by your juices covering it. I savor the delectable aroma as I slowly draw it into my mouth and swoon at the flavor combo. I suggest to Pat that he must try my new taste sensation and he gladly takes me up on the idea and digs in himself. I realize the beginnings of a soon to be famous new recipie, Pommes du Pussoie.

We use all our napkins to help mop up the rest of your release then I bring my fingers to my lips and deeply breath in through my nose inhaling the incredible aroma of your sexy pussy. I slowly lick each of my fingers as if they were covered in BBQ sauce only this is WAAAAAAY better. It's Special Deb Sauce and it's delicious and wonderfully aromatic. Tim is back in a flash with our wine and he is still grinning. I hand him my napkin and apologize saying that we had a spill and I used it to clean up. He gladly takes the napkin from me and trys to perform a clandestine sniff, now his erection has gotten even more prominent. He quickly places a tray in front of his crotch to hide now very obvious excitement. 

He asks us if we are going to be wanting dessert without ever taking his eyes off of you. I chuckle tell him no thanks, we are going to have dessert back at our hotel. I look directly at you as I say "so Tim would you like to join us later for some sweet & tastsy dessert in our room?" He smiles even wider and says " I would absolutely love to share some dessert with you. I get off work in about an hour and a half." I say great and give him our hotel name and room number. 

We all decide it's a good time to leave and we give you a minute to get yourself back together. Most of the other diners nearby had stopped talking and eating a while ago and have been giving all their attention to our activities. As we stand to leave, those closest to us give us a very quite applause. 

I go first with you behind and Pat brings up the rear,(and a fantastic rear it is that he can see) half way thru the dining room, I hit the on switch and you jump and give a shout. Anyone who was not looking at us is certainly doing so now and I just chuckle to myself without turning around. You swat me on my ass as we exit and say "That wasn't fair". Pat was quite amused by your leap and is also laughing. After all that, we don't even try to hide our cocks as they push out a tent in the front of our pants. 

Rather than hail a cab we choose to walk the long blocks back to the strip and stroll back up to the Mirage. It is a beautiful evening and there are lots of stars out. We stroll 3 across with are arms locked lovingly around each other and relish how full and completely satisfied we all feel. You are enjoying the cool evening breeze cooling off your red hot pussy. "Thank you guys for a wonderful time at the restaurant and the food was good too." 

We all smile and both Pat and I tell you that you are most welcome but the night is still very young and I flip the on switch as we walk. Another yelp from you and we can feel you stiffen up as the egg starts to buzz inside your pussy getting you turned on yet again. Our hips are touching yours and we can feel the vibrations thru your hips emanating from your dripping cunt. The cool night air also is making sure that your nipples are staying hard thru the thin material of your dress pointing the way back to our hotel.

Suite fun awaits us..