 The lights on the strip are glowing brightly and shining thru the floor to ceiling windows and creating a multitude of rainbow colors on our naked bodies as we all clink our glasses of bubbly in a cheerful toast to a great weekend. We all agree that a shower would feel very refreshing right about now. This wonderful suite contains a bathroom that is easily bigger than my living room at home. 

The shower is, as you can imagine, huge by anyone's standards. It's all marble tile inside with gold plumbing fixtures. It one of those high tech showers with lots of controls. There are spray nozzles located all up and down 3 walls so when everything is on full, you feel like your in a rainstorm. Each spray area can be controlled separately and can be adjusted from fine mist to solid stream. In the back end of the shower there is a bench that runs from wall to wall. There are also speakers in the ceiling that are attached to the incredible sound system in the living room. 

We glance at each other than look back at the shower and we all shrug and say "why not". I put on some perfect shower tunes on the CD player, grab the champagne and all six of us head to the bathroom to share the refreshingly hot spray of a much needed shower as we sip champagne and clean each other off. There is no shortage of nipple tweaking, cock fondling and pussy rubbing. With plenty of room, we are all getting worked up again as we lather each other up. 

With all of our bodies soaped up, it is so thrilling to keep slipping and sliding up against all the naked, hot flesh while the water is cascading around and between us. There is a high marble shelf off to one side where all the glasses are sitting and we all take turns stopping to take sips of the bubbly. No one knows who's glass is who's but we figure by now we swapped so many cooties, it doesn't really matter. I keep the glasses from going empty until we kill the bottle. By now, stiff cocks are being slid between slick labia and ass cheeks from behind and we are all getting pretty worked up. There are stiff nipples pointing every which way and it's impossible to keep our hands and mouths to ourselves. Tim, Pat and I are once again sporting very impressive erections and you, Brooke and Nikki are taking full advantage of them by sliding your soaped up hands back and forth up and down the lengths of all three of us. The warm spray covering us and drizzling between us feels wonderful. 

I suggest that we slow the pace a bit so we can get back to the infinitely more comfortable venue of the large king sized bed with it's commanding view of the strip. Reluctantly, you all agree and uncouple to finish washing off. I say "besides we're out of champagne in here". We exit the shower and have fun drying each other off although getting the areas between the legs of you, Nikki and Brooke dry will be impossible at this point. The three of you are once again very turned on and the smell of three succulent, dripping wet pussies does not go unnoticed by Tim, Pat and myself. Nor do your 6 very stiff and pointy nipples. 

"Are you ladies ready for the next and final round of the evening? It's gonna test your limits so tell me now if you want to call it quits." You each smile and look at each other with big, curious grins and then back and me to nod in unison and say all together, 

"bring it on studs, give us girls your best shot, we're up for anything the three of you can dish out." I laugh knowing that you are completely unaware of what awaits you. "OK girls, you asked for it" I say, "there's no backing out now."

Pat and I are now in control and we position each of you on your backs, one on each of the three sides of the bed. We have you bring you feet up on the edge of the bed so your knees are up. Next. I ask you to spread your knees apart as wide as you all are able. Tim. Pat and I agree that there is no finer looking sight in the universe than a naked woman with her legs wide open for all to see. 

I tell Tim to choose who he wants to start with and he looks at all three of your luscious bodies before saying "I've decided on Deb". I ask him how he came to the decision to choose you and he said that he likes the look of your pussy the best. You encourage him to help himself. I offer the next choice to Pat and he is excited to give Brooke a taste so I am more than satisfied to sink my lips into Nikki. 

We all move in front of our respective treats and get down on our knees to feast our eyes on the incredible sights open before us. I stop everyone for a moment and say "Before we dig in, I suggest another toast" and pour the last of our champagne into the glasses. We each raise ours and toast to yet another round of fun. Just then the phone rings and I am quick to pick it up. All of you are wondering who it is but you only hear me say one word before hanging up, "yes". 

I ignore the questions about who called us and take my place before the alter that is Nikkis' cunt. The three of us males are taking our time to savor the the look and smell of what is layed out before us. All three of you woman are now breathing rapidly and almost shaking with anticipation about what is to come. We, almost in unison, bring our faces within millimeters of your beautiful, wet, sexy, pink, dilated pussies. Once I am that close, all other external stimuli is blocked out and all I can see here and smell is the beautiful pussy of Nikki that is waiting for me to devour her. 

I assume that Pat, Tim, Brooke and you are also experiencing similar sensations. I snake my tongue out and, starting at her little anal rosebud, lick up the copious fluids as I travel up over her now swollen labia, around the outside of her opening and up over her throbbing clit. The volume of the moans in the room increases dramatically as we all dive in to our oysters in search of their pearls. 

We are all sporting very stiff cocks and our tongues are having the desired effects as all three of you are lifting your asses off the bed trying to get our heads closer and push our mouths inside of you. All the rest of you are startled by the sudden knock at the door. I pull my face away from my meal long enough to say, come on in. Now all of you have stopped and are looking towards the hall to see who is there. 

In walks my friend Mark. He is quite the hunk and looks very hot tonight. I make the introductions. I'm sure it's quite an amazing and amusing site for him. Both Tim and Pat pull their faces out from between yours and Brooks pussies and say hello. All three of our faces are absolutely dripping with your beautiful, tasty juices. 

Mark nods at each but can't take his eyes off of the three of you women. Legs, spread, dripping pussies on display, convulsing stomachs and stunning views up to your 6 breasts topped off with rock hard nipples. We can all easily see the growing and very impressive looking bulge in the front of his pants. You are mesmerized and speechless while looking at this male model of a man.

You all are wondering why he is here and he asks me if it's OK. I nod yes and he turns to leave. I can hear a disappointed sigh from you as you were looking forward to getting a sample of his equipment. As he opens the door and steps into the hall we hear him say, "OK, let's go". The door swings open wide and we quickly notice the sound of many voices.

As he rounds the corner of the short hallway and steps into our sight again, he is followed by 9 men. All in there late 30's and all looking like they just stepped out of a GQ photo spread. There is a huge collective gasp from all of you and all of them. Nobody but me knows what's going on but me but I know everyone will like it. 

I explain to you, Pat, Tim, Brooke and Nikki that my friend Mark is in town to be married and this is his bachelor party. You, Nikki and Brooke are the entertainment and all 12 of us guys are going to thoroughly enjoy the 3 of you. We all plan on sampling what each of you has to offer and we are going to use you continuously for our pleasure and yours till everyone is completely sated. 

You now have an ear to ear, shit eating grin on your face as the three of us dive back in to the delicious pussy in front of us for another helping of yumm. You lift your head and look at Tim who is gorging himself on your cunt and grab his hair to push him harder against you. You see the still stunned looks of the 9 new visitors and then you notice that they are all sporting rather healthy looking bulges.

"What the fuck are you guys waiting for? There's plenty of us to go around, let's get this party rollin." you say to them and they are quick to take you up on that as they all remove their clothes. Now you, Brooke and Nikki are all lifting your heads and are spellbound by the sight of 9 more naked men with very large hard ons who all look like greek gods. We three guys double our efforts and you can feel yourselves getting so close to cumming. 

I stop long enough to suggest that two guys kneel on each side of one of the lovely women you so that you can grab two cocks at once and beat them off. The remaining three guys can straddle you heads and feed their beautiful stiff rods into your warm, empty, waiting mouths. I explain that goal this evening is for the 12 of us guys to fuck these 3 stunning goddesses till they pass out and can't fuck any longer. A cheer goes up from the group and everyone realizes that it is a noble goal and one they look forward to working towards. 

Now each of you is being serviced or servicing 4 men at once. The sexual excitement is too much and as we work our tongues over your inflamed clits, you explode one at a time. First cums Nikki and my tongue goes into overdrive as I struggle in vein to drink up all of her release. She is screaming around the cock in her mouth and thrashing on the bed. In the middle and at the height of her orgasm I very quickly pull my head up stand and slam my pulsating cock balls deep into her convulsing cunt.

Her screams increase in volume and she can hardly stand the intensity as I pummel her relentlessly while she is still cumming. This sets off Brooke and Pat does the same thing, slamming full force into her spasming, succulently sweet pussy. Now it's your turn and you can't believe what is happening. We have 15 people on the bed. You have a huge, stiff cock splitting your pussy wide open while in the middle of a massive orgasm and you are trying desperately to keep rhythm beating two cocks with your fists while another beautiful piece of meat is sliding in and out of your mouth and down into your throat. 

Your moans are drowned out by all the others. Pat is really getting off fucking Brooke while he views the amazing scene on the bed. He is so turned on by the sight of you servicing 4 cocks at once. Pat, Tim and I can no longer hold off and as we look at each other we all are going to cum at once. The orgasms that you three girls have been experiencing are just beginning to subside when we all start to grunt, our nuts tighten up, our stiff buried cocks swell up and we release, shooting our cum deep ito your cunts. You can all feel the hot liquid spurting inside of you and this has the effect of prolonging your pleasure. 

As soon as we've cum I announce that it is time for everyone to switch. "Here's how well do it. The guys getting blown will move to get jerked by the right hand. The guys in the right hand step up to home base, the guys in the left hand will put your cocks into the mouth of the women to your right and the the three of us will take our cocks to the available left hand." Before any of us has a chance to recover we are at it again. Now you have Pats cunt juice covered cock in your right hand and another giant cock in your left while your pussy is being ravaged by yet another hot stud. 

My deflating erection is being brought back to life by Brookes' hand while she and Nikki are also be invaded by a horde of cocks. Meanwhile we are all playing with witchever stiff nippled breast is closest to us. To have a cock in your pussy and mouth as well as one in each hand while having 8 hands fondling your breasts is too much for all of you and almost at the same time your stomachs start to ripple as your cunt muscles tighten and you all let out a cock muffled scream as you start to cum yet again.

This is all too much for the guys and one by one they start to unload their pent up seed all over your bodies, faces, hands and hair. Their is so much cum flying it looks like food fight with whipped cream. Your tits are bathed in the molten fluids and everyone is moaning and grunting loadly.

As long as none of you have cried uncle yet, we will keep going, alternating between pussies, hands and mouths as before. The whole room is filled with the intense smell of sweat sperm and wet pussy. It is a very heady aroma to say the least. After a few more changes of partners, we are all pretty worn out but the three of you beautiful creatures have huge grins on your cum covered faces. 

One by one the guys drop off and plop down on chairs and the floor unable to get it up another time. Finally we are all unable to continue and you all are finally able to drop your knees and relax for awhile. Tim, Pat and I are on sitting on the bed with the you three and I start to massage the cum covering you into your breasts.

Slowly, the guys collect their clothes and head out. Soon it's just the 6 of us. The neon glare of the strip is bathing our sex soaked naked bodies in a rainbow of colors. We are all smiles as we play over in our minds what just took place and in fact the entire sex filled day from the moment we got on the plane. We all agree that this day was one for the record books and as we drift off to a deep, satisfied, cum soaked dream land, we wonder what tomorrow will bring...