 While walking towards the registration desk with our new best freind Pat I tell him he should cancel his reservation and stay with is in our suite. You shoot a "what the fuck are you doing" look. He says that sounds great and strolls over to the next available agent to do just that. 

When he's gone you say, "what the fuck are you doing" See I know your looks so well. "we don't even know this guy. This was supossed to be our weekend." That's when he strolls back to us and says, "It's done, I'm looking forward to joining you guys in your penthouse suite." 

We both have large grins and that's when I tell you that it was no accident he sat next to us on the flight. "He is a old friend of mine and we've been planning this for a some time now. Thanks for being such a good sport" You punch me, not lightly, on my arm and just to get me back you turn to Pat and give him a full mouth of your tongue while pressing your gorgeous body firmly against his which attacts lots of surprised stares from the other guests checking in. You're such a slut.

We are special guests in the penthouse suite so we don't have to wait in the regular check in line. We are quickly ushered over to the "Special Guests" check in area and are taken care of immediately. As we turn around to collect our bags we see that the bell hop has already gathered them up on a cart and will deliver them to our suite momentarily. We stroll thru the casino towards the bank of elevators and take the express elevator up to our room on the top floor. It's on the 35th floor with a fantastic view of the strip looking south. We can see Caesars, Paris, Bellagio, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay with the mountains thrusting up from the horizon beyond. 

It's now mid afternoon and I let you know that we will need to leave in couple of hours since we have a stop to make before we go out to dinner. Pat decides to take a shower first and you are desiring to get in there with him just to spite me but I stop you and tell you in no uncertain terms to strip naked and come over to the window right now or else. He grins as he goes into the bathroom. "Or else what?" you say. "Or else you won't get fucked at all this weekend." 

We both know that's complete bullshit but you give in and let the straps of your sun dress slide off your shoulders which causes the dress to flutter down to the floor. As you step out of it you are now almost completely naked except for your heels. The black panties you had on earlier are no longer in your possession. "I gave them to the cabbie as a tip. I wonder what his next fare will think of the delicious aromas inside that cab."

Your nipples are in constant state of arousal and I wouldn't have it any other way. You stroll over to the window and I grab you by the waist and push you hard up against the glass. I drop my pants and glide my still rock hard cock into the crevice of your ass. The coolness of the glass causes you to gasp and attempt to pull back but I have you forced firmly against the window and you can not budge. 

The heady aroma emanating from your pussy is incredibly powerful and the A/C is blowing the intoxicating, cock stiffening scent straight up from the vent in front of us and the coolness combined with the heat you are feeling, causes you to shiver and produce goose bumps all over your body as your rock hard nipples are pressed firmly against the cold glass. 

As you slowly reach behind you to grab for me, I comment on how beautiful you look standing naked in the window with your stunning body bathed in the golden afternoon sunlight . We are fully aware that your naked body can be easily viewed by anyone lucky enough to gaze up in our direction. I inform you that the shades will stay open all weekend. 

I put my lips up against your ear, breath deeply and say in a very dominant voice "Spread your legs far apart right now" You willingly comply and I pull my dick all the way down so it is pointing at the floor and let it go, it rapidly slaps up hard against your swollen and rapidly moistening labia making a squishy noise as it hits the outside of your cunt. You groan at the pleasure and almost in pain at the force of my steel hard rod hitting you there. " OH GOD Jon, Fuck me now please, shove your hard cock in me for gods sake. I can't stand it any longer. I need to have my cunt filled up".

As much as I would love nothing more than to fuck you till you pass out, I do not comply with your pleading. I simply rub my cock between your lips, rocking back and forth, splitting your lips apart even further and getting a lot of lubrication from the copious fluids dripping from your soaking wet, pulsating snatch.

You grunt and grind as you look as back at me with a horny, frustrated, "fuck me please" expression on your beautiful face while getting on you tip toes and trying your best to impale yourself on my stiff, slick cock. I pull firmly on your hair and your head is yanked back and you are flat footed once again but I don't allow even a millimeter of my cock inside your pleading pussy and you start to whimper. 

I once again lean my mouth in so I'm just barely touching the edge of your ear and tell you that, regardless of your desires, you will wait. This sends more shivers down your spine as I very lightly rim the inside of your ear with the wet tip of my tongue and then back away from you. You turn and start to ask why we can't fuck but I put a finger to your lips as my mouth finds yours while I push my tongue in between your lips and I feel your resolve melt as you return the passionate kiss.

As you start to ask again for a good fucking, I bring my palm down hard against your ass and the loud smack echoes off the walls as you shriek at the sudden pain and are surprised by how hard and how fast it came. "I told you that you will wait and that is how it will be." Pat strolls back into the room with just a towel around his waist with his semi hard cock pushing out in front of him and I say "Deb, why don't you go take a nice leisurely bath and get all cleaned up before we leave." 

"Don't forget to take special care to get your kitty nice and clean. Oh, and don't even think about masturbating in the tub." You turn and show us both an unhappy and very sassy pout as you flip your pony tail at us and head into the bathroom. Pat watches you walk by and he is so turned on he can hardly stand it.

He reaches out to grab your beautiful and now glowing red butt cheeks but you slap his hand away and tell him that if you can't get any right now then he can't either. He can only watch as you sway your sexy ass at us and head towards the bathroom. While you are in the tub we pop open a bottle of prosecco and toast to a wonderful, sex filled weekend. Pat and I have shit eating smiles as we realize that we own that gorgeous body of yours for the whole weekend and we plan to take full advantage of that fact.

After you're finished with your bath I take a quick shower and tell you to dress sexy casual and don't bother to put on any underwear. You select a classic little black dress that doesn't leave much to the imagination. Your nipples make two very good points and your legs are looking long, luscious and beautiful. The dress just barely reaches mid thigh and if a slight breeze should stir up, your tasty pussy will be on display to everyone.

Your toe nails are painted a deep red bordering on purple that really stands out in your opened toed black heels. Your hair cascades around your shoulders but I think what a great handle it will make if it is pulled back into a pony tail again later. I motion for you to come to me and I dab a small amount of vanilla essence on each of your ear lobes and across the top of your chest. You are very, very turned on and really want to fuck. You note that we have all afternoon to play. You ask why we are leaving for dinner so early but I just remind you again that we have a stop to make first. The disappointment and frustration shows on your face but that will soon be cured. Once we are all ready we stroll to the elevator and down to the casino level.

As the three of us walk arm in arm in arm throgh the casino and outside into the steamy Las Vegas afternoon, many eyes were turned in your direction admiring the view. There appeared to be many jealous husbands and boyfriends wishing they were in our place right now. I am beaming with pride and love showing you off to all of those pathetic losers wasting their money at the endless rows of one armed bandits. 

Just as we are about to exit the casino and I know that all their eyes are watching you walk I flip up the back of your skirt quickly and give them all a wonderful view of your naked ass. This causes you to blush but it also surprisingly excites you to be on display to so many people in such a public place. We are all laughing as we head over to Caesars Palace next door. 

We glide along the moving walkway and enter thru the forum shops entrance. After admiring the incredible atrium and lobby area we take a ride up the worlds only circular escalator. No doubt that the shoppers behind us are getting a wonderful eye full of your naked, dripping pussy and delicious ass as we ride up the very steep twisting escalator. The thought of this makes you shiver. 

The sheer volume of Marble, gold and silver in the 3 story atrium is mind boggling. We stroll past a few shops and you wonder why we are here since you know that I hate shopping and you suspect that Pat would not list shopping amongst his favorite leisure time activities. We lead you with our arms firmly around your delicious waist seemingly the envy of most of the other male shoppers in the place. And probably most of the females too.

The three of us are all excited beyond words. We squeeze you tighter between us as we walk. We can both feel the heat coming from your body as we press our thighs to yours. "You look, smell and feel amazing this afternoon Deb. Do I detect a hint of vanilla?" You are desperate to know where we are headed.

Of the three of us, only I am aware what pleasures and treasures await us. And even I am hoping for a few surprises along the way. After slowly and sexily strolling thru the third story of the mall we are all buzzing with sexual energy as I announce that we have arrived at our destination. 

The name of the store on the sign above the door says "SHHHHH!". It's written in script and backlit with a deep purple neon glow. Just then the door glides open with a hint of a whisper that echoes the name of the store and we are greeted by a vision. "Welcome Deborah, Hi Jon, Hi Pat, I'm Nikki, I'll be your personal assistant this afternoon for as long as your here" 

You look at me then at Pat and say "How did she know my.." We bring one finger up to our lips and just repeat to you the name of the store, Shhhhh! Needless to say, Nikki is a complete knockout. 24 yo, 5'8" and 120 pounds of pure, unbridled fuckability. Shoulder length jet black hair. She has on 4" spiked heeled, pointy, open toed black shoes with laces that crisscross up her lower legs to just below her knees. 

These are not just "fuck me pumps", oh no, they are "Grab me by the pony tail, bend me over the furniture and slam your rock hard, blood engourged cock into my pulsating, juicy cunt as hard as you can till I cum a dozen times and then pass out" pumps. To say her dark purple skirt was short would be an understatement of biblical proportions and an affront to short skirts everywhere. 

You could easily see her deep purple silk thong pressing into her pussy. Her top was white and completely see thru. She does not have bra on and her beautiful pink nipples and darker areolas were very much visible and on display thru the sheer material. We all gulp as you take in her crotch moistening beauty then look around the store in absolute amazement. 

You've never seen a lingerie store even remotely like this one before now. It looks more like very filthy rich persons very large bedroom as opposed to any retail store you've ever seen. Everything here is made by hand in house. This store makes Victoria's Secret look like the unmentionables dept at KMart. There are no racks of clothes, no hanging price tags, no tacky wall murals. 

The lighting is not glaring fluorescent but very soft and calming. As you scan the store, you see a few other couples in different areas, all accompanied by their own personal assistants who are all equally as fuckable as our Nikki is. What I did not mention to you was that shopping here is by appointment only. Limited numbers are allowed in and all your measurements as well as preferences, likes dislikes, both in clothing and other areas have been provided by me to Nikki ahead of time. 

Nikki takes you by the hand and escorts you to a dressing room while we follow, admiring both of your great asses with our stiffening dicks pointing the way. This is not your mothers changing room. It looks like the sitting room in a very large, very posh mansion somewhere in Beverly Hills. It is very private and can't be easily seen by other couples in the store.

It is an area about the size of a small living room with carpeting, a very comfortable looking couch, floor lamp and a beautiful teak coffee table on which Nikki has already set up a tray with four glasses and a fabulous bottle of Pinot Grigio on ice. She invites Pat & I to have a seat on the couch and tells us to help ourselves to the wine. She escorts you to the center of the room. There is an old fashioned changing screen only this one is made out of rice paper so you can easily see through it. Not exact details but outlined shadow silhouettes. 

There is a lamp behind you that has a soft light facing in our direction so it looks like those Indonesian shadow puppet shows. I hand you each a glass of wine and we clink glasses and toast to a great weekend. As we return to our seats, Nikki starts to undress you and carefully hangs your clothes on a rack to the side. 

Once you are naked we can easily see how excited you've become. Your nipples are as hard as I've ever seen them. There is something intensely erotic about seeing you undressed by another woman and standing naked only in shadow form. Nikki has already set up a stunning selection of extremely sexy, erection inducing clothes for you to try on. 

Of course, all the items she has chossen are exactly your size and fit perfectly. She carefully dresses you in the first outfit and has you model it for us. As you step from behind the screen and walk over to us. We've already got very hard erections and they will not be going away any time soon. You look stunning. 

The black and dark purple bustier fits you like a glove. We lightly clap in approval and you spin seductively and walk back swaying your luscious ass and look back over your shoulder with a sexy grin that makes us both want to double fuck you at the same time right here right now, in this beautiful store. 

After a succession of increasingly sexier outfits, we are all pretty worked up and the wine has given us all a delightful buzz. I've made sure that all our glasses are kept filled. As you go behind the screen after you final catwalk (pussywalk?) showing, Nikki removes the clothes and leans over to take one of your nipples between her teeth, causing you to gasp sharply and look towards us for approval of what is happening while we are in a store?!? 

I smile and nod while adjusting the hard on in my pants. This is perhaps the sexiest thing I've ever seen. The dark outlines of your two bodies as she bites and licks your delicious breasts. Your back is arched out and you are breathing loud and rapidly. 

We watch the silhouette of Nikkis head as she draws her tongue down between your breasts and across your palpatating stomach. Your breaths are getting shorter and your crotch is quivering at the thought of what is happeing to you and in anticipation of what might come next.

This is all too much for me and I remove my stiff rod from my pants and openly stroke it right there while watching the shadow play in front of me. Pat is quite surprised at my actions to say the least but he does the same without much hesitation. He reasons that we are, in fact, in Caesars Palace and as they say, when in Rome......

Nikki has you sit back on the stool and says "Deborah, I want you to spread your beautiful legs as wide as you can for me so I can enjoy the aroma and taste of your delectable looking pussy." You are like putty in her hands at this point and gladly open yourself up completely to her. Her tongue snakes its' way down to your waiting, quivering lips and gently slips in bewtween them running the tip from just above your ass all the way up to but carefully avoiding your clit.

She repeats this a few times and you have worked yourself to the edge of the stool and are squirming like crazy. The shadowy vision of Nikkis' head diving into your loins has us beating off with vigor. Your eyes are closed and your head is tilted back as you are lost in the ecstasy of the moment. 

Suddenly you feel something very hard and cool up against the entrance to you pussy. Your lips stretch open wide to accommodate it while Nikki pushes it in further and you gasp and ask "what the hell are you putting inside of me? She does not answer your question other than to tell you to relax as she pushes it all the way inside, your deliciously wet lips closing around it as it dissappears into your your moist dark opening. 

You really want to know what she has inserted inside you but Nikki now concentrates all her attention on your swollen clit attacking it with her tongue. All thoughts of the item inside you dissappear as Nikki circles around the tip and then sucks on it like it is a little penis. This sends you over the edge and you flood her mouth and face with your sweet release. 

She drinks from your delicious, sweet fountain as it gushes from you. Nikki does not let up until you push her head away pleading with her to stop because you are now hypersensitive. She pulls away and brings her dripping tongue up to the side of your head and inserts it in your ear and sloshes it around which makes you scream out. You grab her face in your hands and bring her to your lips so you can taste and smell yourself on her. Your tongues meet and swirl together sharing the cum that she is covered with. 

Nikki slowly stands up and smiles down at you. Pat and I reluctantly stopped beating off just short of cumming so we can save up for later that evening. We start to clap with approval of the show you two just gave us. You both have almost forgotten that we are there. She helps you to your feet and assists you with putting what little clothing you came in with back on cause your legs are still a bit wobbly. 

Nikki helps to comb your hair and make sure that you look presentable in public before coming out from behind the screen. Pat and I have ear to ear, pussy eating grins on our faces and as we hug you and thank both you and Nikki for a wonderful fashion show. I can't resist the urge to french kiss Nikki and get a sample of the flavor of your pussy on her lips.

I gladly inform her that we will take all of the fashions she picked out and you modeled. We walk back towards the entrance of the store and Nikki thanks us for our business and says that she will make sure that all the items are delivered to our hotel room later that evening. 

You have so many questions like how did she know so much about me? How did the clothes get paid for? How did I find out about this store and how can they possible get away with???.... Nikki, Pat and myself simultaneously bring our fingers up to our lips and, echoing the stores' name once again, say "Shhhhh!" 

We stroll out of the store and off to our dinner reservation with all of us smiling widely thinking about what just happened. It takes both of us males to hold on to you firmly around your waist because your legs are still a bit shakey. Your head is swimming but you feel wonderful, your pussy is dripping wet and I am grinning because Nikki did her job very well and you have completely forgotten about what she cleaverly deposited deep in your pussy, at least for the moment.
