 SUITE FUN.

The three of us enjoy a delightful walk back to the Mirage. There are lots of people out on the street taking in the sights. Large crowds are gathered in front of the Bellagio to watch the dancing fountains. As we walk I periodically reach in my side pocket and quickly turn on then off the remote causing you to jump each time. 

You turn to me and say "give me that damn thing" but I refuse your request and will not give it up. Pat is just laughing at the whole thing. I look you straight in the eye and turn it on, you flinch and your eyes start to close as you almost go limp. Pat holds you up by the waist and tells you we're almost there. 

As we enter the Mirage and start to pass thru the tropical atrium over the small wooden bridge I turn on the remote to about half power and leave it on. You are now having extreme difficulty walking normally as the egg is vibrating hard inside your pussy while repeatedly bumping against your g-spot and your pussy is constantly dripping juices down the inside of your firm thighs. You stop and lean up against the railing on the bridge and look up to the atrium skylight a hundred feet overhead as you close your eyes and let out a prolonged "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm."

Pat and I quickly realize that you are building towards another wonderful orgasmic release as your knees start to shake. There is a enormous number of people passing within inches of us going in both directions to and from the casino as we stand there on the small, wooden bridge. Many are stopping to take pictures and looking at everything with fascination, including you. Pat and I are both delighting in the fact that we are about to make you cum right here in this tropical setting, mere feet from the casino and in full view of hundreds of people.

You grab hold of the railing behind you with fingers tightly griping the wood and hold on for dear life, your knuckles turning white. A very nice, very young man stops to ask if you are OK? He says you look like you are going to faint. He stares into your eyes and awaits your answer. The remote in my pocket has 4 settings- low, medium, high and holy fucking shit!. 

While this nice, innocent young man is waiting for you to answer him I turn the dial up to holy fucking shit and all you can do is issue a series of grunts as you actually start to cum right in front of him. Pat holds your shoulders so you don't fall and your head starts to wobble a bit. We can actually smell the excitement emanating from your pussy as your orgasm rips and pulses thru your beautiful, quivering body. 

The young man sort of figures out what might be happening and is transfixed as you shudder through the remnants of your climax. He grins and quickly turns away as he tries to hide his rapidly growing erection. I shut the remote off, you are still panting and can barely stand much less walk.

We give you a minute to recover then wrap our arms around you and escort you to the elevators. If anyone cares to take the time to look closely, they would see a rather large, wet, gooey stream of your sweet juices trailing down the inside of each of your thighs. Most people probably assume that you've just had too much to drink by the way you're walking but we know better. 

We reach the elevators and once were inside you practically scream "if I don't get a cock in me soon, I'm going to go insane." You grab both of us by the crotch and start rubbing furiously up and down on our stiff cocks that are straining against the front of our pants. I remind you that they have a security camera in here and point to the camera in the corner of the ceiling.

You get a devilish grin on your face and spin around, stick out your tongue and flip the front of your dress up so that your soaking wet pussy is now on full display, much to the delight and enjoyment of the boys on the swing shift in the security office. Next, while staring directly into the camera, you slide 3 fingers inside you and start fucking yourself with them. You continue your finger fucking while looking directly into the camera and seductively running your tongue over your lips.

I take the opportunity to turn the egg back on and this causes you to shudder rather violently. After a brief moment, you withdraw your now dripping fingers from that sweet, delectable snatch and raise them up to the camera to show how wet they are. Just as you begin to put one of your fingers to your lips to suck it like it was a small cock, Pat and I lean in an take one each in our mouths as the elevator signals that we've reached our floor.

We all separate and with an evil chuckle, prepare to exit the car. They will definitely want to make a copy or two of that tape for later viewing and sharing with their friends resulting in endless masturbatory fantasies.

As the elevator opens, you tell us both to "hurry the fuck up cause I'm about to climb the walls if I don't get filled by a stiff cock right away." You lead the way to our suite. Once inside I call room service and ask them to send up a couple of bottles of champagne. You are ready to climb the walls you are so horny. I tell you to remove your clothes and you can't do it fast enough. Now you're naked except for your heels which we tell you to leave on. You stand there sliding your fingers up and down your cunt lips and whimpering that you desperately need to be fucked by both Pat and I. We both agree that there is no finer sight in the known universe than you standing there with your fingers strumming your pussy, completely naked except for your fuck me pumps.

Don't forget though that neither Pat nor I have cum yet today and we've been incredibly turned on ever since the plane flight. I remind you of this and you say "I don't care, I need a stiff cock in me now." This seems to be your mantra for the evening. I hear that if you repeat your mantra over and over, it will come true. We both smile at your desperate pleas and have every intention of fulfilling your desires and filling you beyond your wildest dreams. 

I get out the Black Label Liberator stage and the wedge and ask you to lay on it on your back. I put the wedge under your delectably sweet ass cheeks so it lifts you up and open. There is absolutely no mistaking what this is desigend for. Your beautiful, juicy, soaking wet pussy and bright pink swollen labia are wide open on display and staring right at us. What a wonderful invitation!

We gently wrap the wrist and ankle straps around you and pull the straps tight so you are wide open with all your heavenly female charms on display. You are able to squirm but you can't move any of your limbs more than a few inches. Now you start to shake and moan and beg to be fucked hard. The strong scent of your sweet ripe pussy fills the room. Pat and I are not yet willing to given in to your demands and let you have what you want and we ignore your ever increasing pleas and stand there taking in your beautiful naked body spread out and restrained before us for us to do as we please. We discuss you and your situation like you are a prize we just won and are wondering what we should do with and too you. We are talking about you but not to you. We temporarily ignore your moaning and pleading. Your face is flushed, your nipples are so hard they hurt.

Your sopping wet pussy looks like she just got balsted by a fire hose and there is a shiny slimy trail of your cum from your ass all the way down to your knees. It has become quite obvious to you that our cocks are both quite hard, erect and dripping precum. Our pants are tented out and we are very excited. I decide that you are not quite turned on enough and it's time to indulge all of us and simultaneously ramp up the intensity of the passion that is boiling inside you. I reach over to the duffle bag by the bed and pull out a small wooden paddle slightly larger than a ping pong paddle but elongated a bit more. Your eyes widen as you slowly bring yourself back to reality and are able to focus on what is in my hand. I can already start to see you tremble with anticipation. 

I ask an incredulous looking Pat if he'd like to be first to apply some punishment to you since you've been such a wanton slut all evening. He wants to know if we are serious about this. I can tell he is incredibly turned on and his cock is trying to rip out the zipper on his slacks. He says,"I've never done anything like this before but I've always wanted to experience it. How do I start?" We look down at you and your head is raised as best you can, your eyes are like laser beams focused on the dark cherry wood paddle. We are still talking about you as though you are not there but you very much are and you are not about to go anywhere. I tell him 

"Now that we have the wedge underneath her, the pelvis is tilted up at a great angle so aim for the ass cheeks and be very careful not to bring it down square on her labia, that will hurt too much." He is still amazed that we asked him to do this. He looks at you to make sure that this is what you want too. I tell him that your desires are of no consequence but we both know they very much are. 

"She has been acting like a slut all day and needs to be shown that kind of behavior will not be tolerated in public places." You are almost ready to jump out of your skin you are so turned on. I nod to him and he raises the paddle and brings it down on you cheeks with a way too light tap. I tell him 

"No, you must use more force, she has been lewd, rude and crude and needs to be reprimanded properly. 

"Do it again only much harder." He pulls back and swings again only lightly smacking your ass. There is a light tap sound and you are frustrated that he is not giving you what you deserve. I say again, 

"no, you must do it harder, here, give me the paddle and I will show you how it's done." I take it from him and raise it above my head. You are quivering now and the lust in your eyes is evident. I bring down the paddle to contact your ass with a resounding thwack! Your cheeks quake and instantly start to redden. You groan loudly and are already building to a spectacular orgasm. Pat is shocked at the force I used to deliver the blow to your cute butt. 

You look so amazing and beautiful lying there, bound to the bed with your legs spread wide and your womanly charms on full display for us. I hand the paddle back to Pat and tell him to try it again and make sure to do it forcefully. He hesitates for a brief moment still not sure of all this and I tell him to just do it already. 

He swings and claps the paddle down against your 

ass. This one is about twice as hard as before. You moan again and I say good but a little bit harder. He can't believe that we are into this but is starting to get into the spirit and swings again. The contrast of the dark cherry wood against your creamy white skin is very erotic, not to mention everything else we are doing. This one elicits a sharp intake of breath from you immediately followed by a long, loud groan.

I compliment him on his enthusiasm and tell him that a few more like that should do the trick nicely. You are now panting, grunting and shaking almost constantly. The perspiration on you skin is shining like your body has been brushed with olive oil, After only a few blows delivered to your beautiful, upturned, now bright pink ass, you are rapidly approaching an earth shattering orgasm. 

I know your body and mind so well and can see all the signals of your impending explosion. Not that it's all that difficult to see. I decide to push you over the edge and ramp up your excitement level if that's even possible so I reach into my pocket and turn on the remote again just as Pat makes contact causing you to shudder violently and scream out your release flooding the bed and practically screaming. 

Just then there is a knock at the door and you gasp, suddenly coming back to earth for a split second and realizing the vulnerable position you are in. It's very hard for you to keep a lid on all the emotions you are feeling at this moment. You were not expecting to be seen like this by anyone other than the two of us but you are restrained to the bed and have no choice and you shudder as you realize this fact.

We are in control and you, are helpless. I go to open it and escort the visitor into the room. You can hear me say hello but can't see the door so you begin to get nervous. You are so turned on but realize that you are completely open and vulnerable to whatever we have in mind and you know that are minds can be very dirty and mischievous. I round the corner so that you can see me and you are trembling with both fear and excitement about what is to come and who was just welcomed into our suite. 

Suddenly, she steps into your view and you see that it is Nikki our Shhhhh! assistant entering the room with many packages in her arms. She has personally delivered all of our sexy purchases. As she views you laid out spread naked and wide open perched on top of and strapped down to the Stage on the bed she puts down the shopping bags and says "well, what do we have here? Pat is sheepishly holding the paddle and secretly hoping that he did not hurt you too much. "This is possibly the sexiest fucking sight I've ever seen in my entire life," Nikki says. 

By this point in time, you feel like you could already explode again, you are so turned on. We can all hear, see and smell your excited state very easily. The egg is causing you to shake your entire body. Your juices are running out of you freely. You're just like a geyser in Yellowstone. We can all smell your sex as your essence runs out of you and down your crotch to your ass. Pats' and my nostrils flare at the heady aroma. 

We are like two stallions that just happened upon a beautiful mare in heat. And that mare has her legs straped down and wide open and is unable to move. Nikki can't stop starring at your juicy, upturned, wide open, quivering pussy and bright red, well spanked ass and we ask her it she'd like to have a taste? "Hell yeah, are you shittin' me? I'd absofuckinlutely love to have a long, deep, slow taste of that delicious pussy again" she says.

You are stunned, nervous and shaking with anticipation by now. Nikki slowly removes what little clothing she has on and once naked, all three if us stare in amazement at the sight before us. This 27 yo woman is a goddess. She has a perfect body worthy of a centerfold spread. She has small, beautiful breasts with rock hard nipples surrounded by small bright pink areolas. It's been a while since any of us have been in such a sexually charged atmosphere. 

Nikki climbs on the bed like a panther stalking her prey and smoothly slides into a 69 position with her luscious dripping, aromatic pussy hovering about a foot above your face as she lowers her head between your outstretched legs. She can now feel the vibrations coming from your cunt due to the egg that she placed inside you a few hours ago and this causes her to chuckle a bit. She can also feel the heat you're generating.

You look up into what has to be the most beautiful sight you've ever laid eyes on. She is not shaved but neatly trimmed and her pussy hair is colored a deep, dark purple color. Her shiny, bright pink inner lips are splayed open just out of reach of your mouth and you can already see her erect clit peeking out from under her wet pink, fleshy little hood. The combination of her bright pink and very flushed labia and the deep purple of her cunt hair is magnificent looking.

She is so close now that you can see the very small, shiny beads of her moisture forming on the tiny downy hairs on either side of her labia. Her powerful aroma emanating from her pussy makes you light headed and it feels like you just did a line of high grade coke. You crane your neck up to try desperately to contact her womanhood with your tongue and taste her, but your efforts are in vain. She purposefully keeps her juicy pussy just out of reach and as you whimper your frustration she slides her very long, pointed and barbell pierced tongue inside of your cunt and you groan out loud as your head flops back done to the cushion.

Pat and I quickly ascertain that we are way over dressed for this party and immediately begin to remove our clothes. You look over at us as we finish and see our rock hard, pulsing cocks pointing at the ceiling and leaking drips of clear, sweet viscous fluid but you are deliciously distracted and delirious due to Nikki's exquisite ministrations to your tasty cunt. She is sliding her tongue from your asshole all the way up to your clit and back again. She lifts her head and mentions that she can really feel the vibrations from the egg on her tongue and she lowers her head again and buries her barbell pierced appendage in your ass.

The barbell tongue jewelry she has is causing sensations that you've never felt before. Just as you begin to let go with a small scream and plead with me to turn the egg off, she settles her pussy down on your face covering you mouth completely and your orgasmic screams become very muffled. "What's that you are trying to say? We can't understand a word you are saying." With Nikki's sweet young juicy thighs completely engulfing your head you do not hear another knock at the door.

I go over and peep thru the security hole in the door to see who it is. I open the door and warmly greet our new arrival who is taken aback by the fact that I am quite naked and sporting a rather stiff and dripping erection. Not sure weather they have made the right decision, Reluctantly I am followed into the room by our guest. When we are all the way in and can see what is going on, he is stopped dead in his tracks at the sight before him. Nikki pulls her head up from your pussy and her face looks like that of a little kid that was just caught eating a very messy and melting vanilla ice cream cone. Her face is covered with your savory juices and she has a huge, pussy eatin' grin on her face. I make the introductions. 

"Tim, this is Nikki, Nikki, this is Tim. She says "hi Tim, how are you doing tonight?" Tim is unable to speak, he swallows hard as he stares open mouthed at the two of you entwined in each other on the bed. He manages to stammer out that he is fine. We can already see that he has gotten hard. You stop eating Nikkis' pussy and look up at him and say 

"hi Tim, it's soooo good to see you again. Sorry I can't get up and give you a hug but I'm kinda tied up at the moment." He nods, unable to form any words in his now very dry throat. 

We suggest that Tim make himself comfortable and watch the show. You and Nikki have already returned to pleasuring each other. Your heads are buried in each others pussy and you are using your tongues to fuck each other rapidly. Both of you are starting to drip copious amounts of sweet fluid. Just then there is yet another knock at the door and I remember that it must be room service with our champagne. I go to answer it. As I peep through the hole I see a very young and very cute woman in white waiters jacket with a bow tie and black pants.

She's holding a tray with two glasses. I open the door just enough to get my face out and thank her ask her is she could just leave the tray there and tell her that we will need another couple of bottles and a few more glasses. If she could return with them right away I'd appreciate. "please just let yourself in using your pass key when you get back" "no problem sir, Ill be back in a jiffy with more champagne and your extra glasses".

As she turn to leave I see her name tag and it says Brooke. I watch her walk way focused on her incredibly cute swaying ass. I could swear that she knows I'm watching her walk away and is purposely putting a little extra swoosh in her tush. I grab the tray and pull it inside as I entertain lustful images of what I'd like to do to Brooke. 

Back on the bed , you and Nikki are getting hotter and hotter by the second. I suggest to Tim the he should make himself more comfortable. He nods, acknowledging that he's currently wearing more than anyone else in the room and he gladly removes his clothes. Now there is 3 nude guys with very stiff cocks looking at the incredible sight before us. We all start slowly stroking our own rock hard dicks while watching the show in front of us. You and Nikki are very close to cuming, your bodies are pressed together and the fact that you can't use your hands is driving you crazy. Pat and I sense the time is right to finally get in on the action and we climb on the bed. 
