 The story so far.

I'm now 21 and working as a pilot for a courier company. Over the past 3 years, I had become close friends with a teacher from high school, Ms Amanda Moss. She had recently asked me to help with the sex education for the over 18 girls from high school. The first lesson was about masturbation, the second lesson would be able intercourse. I had also become close with McKenzie, a customer on my regular route for parcel deliveries.

___________________

As I flew back to the office that Thursday afternoon, my cock was still hard as a rock from not only just seeing McKenzie, but also the 6 days I had gone without sex or masturbation.

This was a record for me since before I was 18. I had never gone at least 2 or 3 days with at least some sort of release. Normally 3 days was the maximum, as I found it hard to concentrate on anything productive, and my mood would change. Now that I was at 6 days, I was in uncharted waters.

Normally after I had seen McKenzie, I would unzip my pants and stroke myself to relieve some built up tension. But I knew that if I did it today, I wouldn't be able to control myself and the past 6 days would have been for nothing. I put on some music to try and distract myself for the rest of the flight.

The receptionist Brea back at the office wouldn't let me off that easy. Her naughty grin on her face when I walked into the office told me that she would be up to no good. It didn't help the fact that everyone else had gone home early, or were still out on their deliveries. I made my way over to my desk, which was close to Brea's.

"So how was your deliveries?" Brea said not looking away from her computer screen.

I knew what she was getting at. "Don't you want to know what happened with McKenzie?" I said cutting to the point.

Brea looked over at me with a smirk on her face. "I was getting to that. I was starting with small talk first." Brea said before looking back at her computer screen. "So how was it?"

I sat in my office chair and exhaled. "It was difficult. McKenzie always looks great, and the fact that she's flirtatious, makes it even harder."

Brea turned in her chair to face me. "So why are you being celibate for a week?"

I didn't want to tell Brea. She had a habit of spreading gossip around the office. I didn't like it that she knew as much about McKenzie as she did, but I couldn't do anything about that now.

"Just personal reasons. I wanted to see if I could go a week without sex or masturbating." I tried not to look at Brea. She was gorgeous, and I didn't want to blow it; figuratively and literally.

"How long has it been now?" she asked.

"6 days. Ends tomorrow afternoon." I said trying to finish off my work for the day.

"Well I don't think I would last a day without sex or masturbating." Brea said looking back at her computer screen.

My cock twitched with the thought of Brea having a high sex drive.

I finished up my work and headed for the door.

"I look forward to seeing you tomorrow." Brea said as I walked past her desk.

______________________

The next day I work up with a huge erection. Today was finally the day. I wanted to just stay in bed and masturbate, but I didn't want to give up now.

I got myself ready for work, and took a change of clothes for later. All I had to do now was last though the day until 2pm. I had a feeling that Brea was going to be up to something.

As I entered the office, Brea was already there behind the reception desk, the phone tucked in between the side of her face and her shoulder as she typed away. She glanced up at me and smiled, then looked back down at her computer screen.

I casually looked at her as I walked around to my desk. She certainly was up to something. Her white halter top did nothing to hide the pink push-up bra underneath, which accentuated her large breasts. The small black skirt was begging for me to get a glimpse of what was underneath.

After placing my things on my desk, I sat down and began getting ready for the day, and tried to distract my mind from looking over at Brea.

Brea ended the call and looked over at me. "Good morning Andy." she said loudly to grab my attention. 

I glanced over at her to see that she had turned in her chair to face me. Her legs were slightly apart, and I could clearly see the pink g-string under her skirt. My eyes widened, and then I looked back at the paper work in front of me.

"Busy day today?" Brea said, her body remained still so that she could keep teasing me to look directly at her.

I cleared my throat and nodded, not looking over at her, but I could still see her in my peripheral vision.

She knew she wasn't having much luck, and went back to her work.

"Let me know if you need any help over there." Brea said.

Even though I didn't look, I could still imagine her sitting over there with a naughty grin on her face.

After an hour of working through all the paperwork and proceeds that needed to be done before I went out to the airfield to do my delivery run, Brea walked up to my desk.

She placed some paperwork in front of me. "Do you think you could help me with these before you go?" she said as she sat on the edge of my desk facing me.

Brea was wearing an alluring perfume, her long slender legs disappeared under the short black skirt. I looked up at her, and her nipples were visible through her white top. I looked down at the paperwork in front of me.

I flipped through the papers. It was all standard stuff that Brea does everyday. I got to the last piece of paper, which had a sticky note attached to it with a mobile number. I peeled off the sticky note.

"What's this?" I queried.

"Just in case you need some help sometime." she said softly, before picking up the paperwork and going back to her desk as if nothing happened.

I placed the sticky note in my pocket and headed out the door. Luckily Brea was on the phone and not able to hold me up flaunting her body.

Friday was usually a fairly quick day, and I was able to get everything done just before 1pm. I took the back entrance to the office to by-pass Brea at reception. I entered the locker room and started to get changed for the sex ed class at 2pm with Amanda.

I was down to my boxers when I felt a hand grab my ass. I jumped out of my skin and turned to see Brea standing there.

"Wha... What are you doing in here?" I stammered.

Brea smiled as she placed her hands on my waist. "This is an employee area, and I can be here if I want." she looked down at my hard on showing through my boxers. "And you thought you could sneak past me without me noticing you coming through the rear entrance."

Brea was being over flirtatious as she moved her body against mine. My cock strained against my boxers, begging to be free. Sure she had a reputation of being a cock tease, and if it was any other day, I would have taken her there and then without a moments hesitation.

I backed away from her. "I'm really sorry. I promised someone I would meet them this afternoon, and I can't be late."

Brea cupped her hands under her breasts. "Does it have to do with you being celibate for a week?"

I watched as Brea's hands slid over her breasts, my mouth was open. I shock my head to focus on getting ready. "I need to go. I'm sorry." I said as I grabbed my jeans and put them on.

"Ok, then. I'll let you go, but on the condition that you tell me why you've been celibate next week." Brea said as she let go of her ample breasts.

"Ok, deal." I said.

I put on my shirt and grabbed my things as I headed out of the locker room. Brea grabbed me by the shirt, pulled me to her, and kissed me passionately on the lips.

"Have fun." She said as she watched me race out the door.

I threw my things into the car, and sat in the driver's seat. What had come over Brea? She had never been anything like that towards me before.

I started up the car and started heading towards the school. My mind was thinking about what might happen. Would Amanda want me to have sex with her in front of the girls, or would she want me to have sex with one of them, or possibly all of them? Surely not.

I knew for certain that I needed to have sex or masturbate, or something to release the tension between my legs.

Pulling into the school car park, the high school seemed quiet. There were people in the classrooms as I walked through the grounds, but it just seemed quieter for some reason. I kept walking until I was outside the H5 classroom. I looked at the clock on my phone. 1:33pm. I entered and found Amanda sitting behind her desk, busily writing notes on exam papers.

"I'll be with you in a sec." Amanda said still writing on the papers and not looking up. After she finished about 30 seconds later. She put down the pen and looked over at me. "Surely it's not 2 o'clock already?" she said surprised at the time.

"Not yet, but it soon will be." I said walking over to her desk.

Amanda stretched out her back over the chair, her arms spread out. Her breasts rose and strained against the buttons that held her white blouse together. She then stood up and greeted me with a warm embrace. My hard cock sticking out to her even through the denim jeans.

After a moment, Amanda backed away and looked down at my crutch. "How's you week been? Have you had sex or masturbated since last Friday night? Which was lot's of fun by the way. Thank you." Amanda said with a wide grin on her face.

I started to walk around her desk and the room. "You wouldn't believe the week I've had. Not only did I keep my promise and didn't have sex or masturbated this week. Which is a new record by the way. I have had two women come on to me, with the intent to make me loose my mind and give into my celibacy. And these were not just any women, one of them is the really flirtatious receptionist in my office that keeps flashing her underwear, and the other is a gorgeous client that confessed this week that she masturbates and reads erotic literature."

"Sounds like you have had an exciting week. But just think. In about 30 or so minutes, you can release that built up tension." Amanda said as she seductively walked over to me.

I couldn't help but look at her gorgeous body, and how I wanted to lay her across one of these desks and have my way with her. I could imagine the look on the girls faces as they walked into the classroom.

"About that." I said as I got back to reality. "Are you planning on me having sex with one of the girls?" I cleared my throat as Amanda placed her hand on the front of my jeans, feeling the hardness underneath. "Or... or we going to have sex?"

Amanda looked up at me with her sultry eyes. "Well, I have wanted to have sex with you for quite some time." she said softly while still running her hand over the bulge in my jeans. "All the girls are over 18, but I don't think the parents would be too keen on them having sex in school. But I'm not going to stop them if they initiate it. Technically they're now classed as an adult, and this is sex ed."

I could feel the build up in my loins, and so I backed away from Amanda's wondering hand.

"That's good." Amanda said smiling. "I don't want you to cum too soon, and so if you fee like you're about to cum. Stop and have a break for a moment. I want this to last."

Kenna was the first girl to arrive. Her long blonde hair framed her face and shoulders nicely. A white bra covered her small petite breasts, and her blue skirt were showing off her long slender legs.

"Hello Ms Moss." Kenna said as she entered the room, her eyes looking at me up and down as she walked over to a desk and sat down.

Amanda and I composed ourselves, and walked to the front of the classroom to wait for the other girls to arrive.

"How's your day been Kenna?" Amanda said as she walked around the classroom closing the shutters.

"Oh. It's been ok. I've been thinking a lot about what happened last week, and what we might be doing today." Kenna said as she lightly licked her lips.

Lily and Nina walked through the door next. They were holding hands, but quickly let go just before they entered the classroom. Lily looked like she would kick you in the nuts if you ever pissed her off, but her gorgeous breasts and full lips made you want to do anything for her. Nina was almost the complete opposite. She was innocent, always smiling and talkative.

"Hey Ms Moss." Nina said as she and Lily took their seats. "I'm so glad it's Friday. Lily's parents are letting us use their beach house for the weekend. Your welcome to join us."

Amanda was about to respond, then Phoebe, and Anne walked in at the same time. They were both beautiful blonde girls. Phoebe's hair was slightly longer than Anne's, and had larger breasts. My cock pulsated at the thought of having a threesome with them.

Everyone was conversing with each other until just after 2pm. Amanda walked over to the door, and locked it.

"Today we'll be discussing intercourse." Amanda said as she turned from the door and looked back at the girls. "While many people may refer intercourse as any sexual activity, in this class, we're referring to the penetration of the male penis into the woman's vagina."

I gulped, and turned my head to see the reactions of the girls. All of them were focused and paying attention to Amanda.

"Who here as seen this?" Amanda said as she pulled up an image on the projector at the front of the class, which showed the typical textbook cross section illustration of a penis inside a vagina. The same image I had seen when I was in high school. All of the girls nodded their heads.

"This is good illustration of what intercourse means. But to be honest, it's pretty dry boring stuff. This is what intercourse really looks like." Amanda said as she pressed a key on her laptop to bring up the next image, which started a video of a couple having sex.

The camera view started with a wide shot of the couple on the bed, and then zoomed in as the guy's penis entered the woman's vagina. I was very surprised at the quality of the video. It definitely wasn't a porno, but a well produced video of what intercourse looked like.

Some of the girls licked their lips as they watched.

After a few minutes of watching the couple having sex, Amanda started talking while the video kept going. "While this is much better than the textbook image, there's nothing like seeing it for yourself."

Amanda hinted to me to start getting undressed, which I was happy to comply. I stripped down completely naked and stood in front of the girls. Most of them where staring at my hard erection, others kept looking back and forth between my erection and the video.

"I've asked Andy to be celibate since last Friday so that we can get right into today's class. Normally Andy either has sex or masturbates every day, or every second day, which is why he's very aroused, as you can see." Amanda said as she walked up beside me.

I was a bit taken back that Amanda would disclose my sexual activity to the girls. But I was so turned on, that I didn't really care.

"What Andy doesn't know is that I have also been celibate for a week." Amanda said as she looked at me with a naughty grin.

"And so, what we're going to do today is show you what intercourse is really like." Amanda says as she turns to the girls and starts unbuttoning her white blouse and kicking off her heels.

On any other day, I would start to get ready by stroking my cock, but I contain myself as I didn't want to cum too soon.

Amanda starts to take off her black skirt, and she lets it fall to the floor. All she has on now is an ivory push-up bra and matching g-string. She comes up to me, and we embrace, our mouths and tongues colliding in passion. I can feel the heat from her pussy along the shaft of my cock.

She then takes a step back and motions with her finger that I get on my knees in front of her. I do so, and now my face is only inches away from her pussy. I pull at her g-string and slide it down her shapely legs. Her pussy is completely hairless and pink. She then steps out of the g-string, and asks me to stand up.

Amanda clears of the few things that were on her desk, and then sits on the edge and turns her head to face the class. "You won't see much from your seats, come up here and watch."

All of the girls get up from their desks without hesitation, and stand on either side of Amanda as she lays down on her desk, her legs slightly part as I stand between them. Amanda props herself up on her left elbow to look at me and the girls. With her right hand she beacons me to stand closer, my cock above her pussy. She then grips my cock with her right hand.

"As you can see. Andy is fully erect, and my vagina has become wet. This is good for lubrication as the cock slides into my pussy." Amanda says, right before aiming the head of cock at the entrance to her womanhood. The head of my cock just parting her pussy lips.

"What can help if you feel like your vagina is too dry, you or your partner can rub your clit to get more moisture before penetration. Especially if it's your first time." Amanda says as she looks at each of the girls, while holding my cock in place.

I look around at the girls. All of them are looking at the head of my cock, parting Amanda's wet pussy.

"I'm already wet." Amanda continued. "As so I'm going to get Andy to very slowly push his penis into me.

Amanda's hand let go of my cock to allow the girls to have a better view.

I held Amanda's soft thighs in each hand, and pushed the head of my cock completely into Amanda. Her pussy lips stretched around my cock.

Amanda was now resting on both hands behind her as see watched my cock enter her. "Stop there Andy." She said softly. "This is the point were I can feel the penis about to spread the hymen. If you're a virgin, or you haven't had sex in a while, you might feel a little pain, and likely a small of blood will appear. This is perfectly normal, and will pass. Just make sure you tell the guy to be gentle.

Amanda nodded her head at me to keep going.

I slowly slid the length of my 9 inch cock into Amanda as all the girls watched. Some of their breathing had gotten heavier, aroused at the sight in front of them.

The base of my cock finally touched the pussy lips that now engulfed my penis. Amanda let out a soft moan. "Now that Andy's penis is all the way inside me, he's now going to pull it out slowly so that you can see the lubrication from my vagina; which helps in sliding the penis in and out.

I withdrew my long cock from Amanda's hot wet pussy. The shaft of my cock glistened. I stopped, and left the head of my cock still inside.

Amanda's eyes locked onto mine. She bit her bottom lip as my cock slid in again, this time a little faster than before, and then back out. Amanda closed her eyes as I started to pick up the pace and slid my cock in and out.

Kenna was next to me. Her breathing was getting heavier as she watched. I looked down to see her hand was rubbing her clit through her skirt. She looked up at me and noticed I was looking at what her hand was doing. She smiled at me, and then undid the side of her skirt, revealing her pink lace g-string. Her eyes trailed down to my cock penetrating the pussy in front of me, and her hand wandered down inside the waistband, and her fingers began to rub her clit.

Phoebe was on the other side of me. Her school blouse already unbuttoned, and her hands cupped under her breasts. Her white with black trim bra looked soft and delicate. Her petite breasts rose and fell with her heavy breathing.

Anne collapsed back onto Amanda's chair. She removed her skirt and top, all was left was her white camisole and matching g-string. Her eyes closed as her fingers took over her pussy. She was lost in her own world.

Lily and Nina decided to focus on Amanda. Nina cupped Amanda's left bra covered breasts with one hand, while the other was deep under her own skirt. Nina's mouth was open, and soft moans escaped her lips as her fingers explorer her pussy, while keeping Amanda's nipple hard.
