 This is a continuing story. 

I had moved into an apartment complex and meet the beautiful blonde Sarah in the pool, who I later found out is a cam girl. She lived next door with her gorgeous brunette roommate, Bec. Steph is a short petite blonde who lives on the third floor, and has become my running partner. Lisa, who also lives on the third floor, is a voluptuous woman who loves to watch Sarah.

One of the girls had come into my apartment in the middle of the night, and had her way with me.

———————————————————

I awoke the next morning a bit dazed. Had it really happened? Had someone snuck into my apartment and had sex with me, or had it all been a dream?

I sat up and looked around the bed for evidence, and there it was. Four scarves and her black satin panties on the door handle. 

I leapt out of bed, raced over to the door, and held the panties in my hands.

It hadn't been a dream.

But who was it? The room was pitch black. She didn't want to tell me who she was. I just went with it. None of the things she left behind gave me a clue of who she was except for the panties.

I looked at them. They were really nice black satin panties, size 10. They felt soft and glided through my finger tips.

Given that Sarah, Bec, and Steph were all similar size, it could be anyone of them. The only person it couldn't have been was Lisa, as she's a bit more voluptuous. If this mystery girl had only left a bra behind, that would have given me a better clue.

I figured I'd hold on to them, and try and work it out on Friday.

The scarves!

I walked back to the bed and gathered all four blue scarves. None of them were anything special.

I was stumped.

———————————————————

Friday afternoon had finally come. It seemed like it took forever to get here after my night visitor had seduced me. My thoughts had been of that moment, and working out who it had been.

I had finished up work early, and was getting ready for what could be a great night.

Showered and clean shaven, I laid out my clothes on the bed. Steph had told me she had invited people from the apartment complex we lived in, and a few acquaintances. It was going to be a casual night, so I had picked out black pants and a smart casual blue shirt. I tried my best to match my shirt with the colour of the scarves to give some indication to the mystery girl that I was on to her.

As I made my way out the door, I placed the black panties in my pocket, checked my reflection in the mirror, fixed my hair a little, and grabbed the drinks and nibbles for the party.

I was a little early, but Steph greeted me with a big hug and welcomed me in.

"You're the first one here. Make yourself at home." Steph said as she went back into the kitchen.

Steph was wearing a black shoestring dress that showed off her great curves. Her long blonde hair was done up neatly into a platted bun behind her head. Her black high heels made her look much taller, and her legs toned and sculpted.

I took a moment and looked around her apartment. She had definitely spent time on making the place look great for the party. She had already placed some food and drinks on the table, streamers and balloons hung over the living space. Out on her balcony were decorations and few candles here and there.

I was helping Steph in the kitchen when Lisa arrived, and not long after that, more people were arriving. Some people I had never seen before. Most of them were work colleagues of Steph.

Sarah and Bec arrived fashionably late. Bec had brought her boyfriend Matt with her. He looked to be your typical bloke, he was a solid build with a shaved head. Didn't say much, seemed quite distant the whole night. However, when he did open his mouth to say something, it was negative or derogatory. Bec's face would wince at first, but then she would just laugh it off, and change the topic.

I didn't like him at all. I thought Bec deserved someone who treated her better. However, to put Bec at ease, we were all cordial towards him.

The party had gone on for a few hours. People I hadn't known had come and gone early, but the people I did know (Steph, Lisa, Sarah, Bec, and Matt) were still drinking and having a good time. Mila was the only person still at the party that I didn't know. 

She had just moved in a few days ago. She lived next door to Steph, who had already met her and invited her to the party. From what I could tell, she had just move here from a small European country to study art and fashion. Her thick accent made it hard to understand her words at times, but Mila was very cheerful and made friends with everyone.

And she looked amazing.

While Mila was as short as Steph, her breasts were large compared to her thin body. Her face was sweet and innocent, which made her look much younger than she really was. Her long brown hair was tied up at the back in brown scrunchy. She wore a soft brown/beige lace dress, that was a little see through, and you could make out her matching bra and panties underneath.

All night there had been no indication on who my night visitor had been. Not one clue. It was driving me mad inside. I carefully looked at each of the girls, seeing if there was any sign, whether it as something she wore or how she acted.

After a several drinks, my inhibitions had gone, and I did not care anymore.

We were all sitting around on the couches. With the large coffee table in the middle full of various alcoholic drinks and few snacks. Most of us were very tipsy, while Matt had enjoyed a bit too much to drink, and was passed out on the couch opposite to where I was seated. Bec sat next to him and continued to converse with Sarah and Lisa.

I was chatting with both Steph and Mila, who were either side of me on the couch. Steph was looking at us as she grabbed a drink off the table.

"Don't drink that! That's somebody else's that already left." I told Steph loudly while taking it from her.

"I dare you to drink it." Steph said.

"And what do I get if I do?" I asked with a smirk.

Steph paused for a moment.

"I'll kiss you here, right now." Steph said seductively, placing her hand on my shoulder, the blade of her index finger stroking my cheek.

I looked back at Mila, who was curious to see what I'd do.

I didn't even look at the drink to see what it was, I just sculled the whole thing. What I thought might be a beer, ended up being a rum and coke that went straight to my head.

As soon as I had placed the bottle on the table and sat back on the couch, Steph was on top of me, kissing me deeply. Her dress hiked up her shapely legs, which were now on either side of me

Everyone had stopped talking, and was now watching us make out.

I wasn't sure how the other girls were going to react. I had been with each one of them, but never in the same room; except for the time with Sarah and Bec.

But my concerns were eased as they all started cheering us on, and after what seemed like a long time, Steph got off me and sat in her seat again.

Sarah was the first to speak "What was all that about?"

"I dared him to drink someone else's drink." Steph said with a wide grin.

Sarah sat up in her seat and looked around at everyone, "I've got a great idea! Steph, truth or dare?"

Steph got excited liked where this was going. "Dare."

"I dare you to take that bottle that Andy just emptied, spin it on the table, and kiss whoever it points to." Sarah said, eager to know if Steph would do it.

Steph didn't hesitate. Either she didn't mind kissing people, or the alcohol was taking effect. In any case, she made room on the table and spun the bottle.

Being the only conscious male in a room full of females, I knew that wherever the bottle stopped, it was going to be interesting.

The bottle spun around a few times, it passed by Bec slowly before stopping at Mila.

Mila being the new person to the group, we didn't know if she was going to put a stop to it, or go for it.

She chose the latter, and stood up with Steph.

Both of them were right in front of me as Steph held Mila's face with her hands, Mila's hand around Steph's waist as they kissed. Slowly and gently at first, which then quickly turned into a full on kiss.

We were all silent, as they both sat down. I was very turned on by what I just saw, and by the reaction of everyone else, they were too.

Mila looked over at Sarah. "Truth or Dare?"

"Dare." Sarah said straightened up in her seat, getting ready for whatever Mila asked of her.

"I dare you to get up on this table, and take off your skirt in front of everyone." Mila said with a grin on her face.

I was taken back how up front Mila was with her dare to Sarah, obviously she was enjoying where this was going.

Sarah being the exhibitionist waisted no time by moving the bottle, and a few other items before standing on the solid coffee table. Not only did Sarah take off her skirt revealing her black g-string, she did it such a provocative way, dancing to the music.

We all cheered her on. Especially Lisa.

After Sarah had removed her skirt, she got down from the table, but left her skirt there. She turned to Lisa, "You seemed to enjoy that. Truth or Dare?"

"No one has done truth yet, so I'll go truth."

"Lisa. Have you ever seen a woman strip naked before, and if so, what was the scenario?" Sarah said.

I thought to myself, "Does Sarah know that Lisa watches her on her webcam?"

Lisa looked over at me in disbelief, her eyes wide. I shook my head, hoping she wouldn't think I had told Sarah."

Lisa looked back at Sarah, took a big drink of her daiquiri, and replied. "Yes I have. I like to watch her do all kinds of things with themselves and with others."

"Do you masturbate and orgasm when you watch?" Sarah asked.

Lisa smiled at Sarah, "Sorry, you only get to ask one question." Lisa replied, taking another drink.

I was surprised how forth coming Lisa was.

Lisa turned to me. "Truth or Dare?"

.I knew 'truth' may get me in trouble, so I replied "Dare."

Lisa smiled. "Ok. Show us what you've got."

"Show you what I've got?" I replied.

"Yeah. Stand up and take off all your clothes." Lisa said with a wink.

I stood up and the girls started cheering. I went with it and strip teased in front of everyone. Except for Mila, all the girls had seen me naked and my hard cock before. So I looked over at Mila, and she was loving what she saw. Her hand was in her lap, slowly moving about.

After I had taken off all my clothes, and displayed my rock hard cock to all the girls. I looked over at Bec, who had at this point had started fairly quiet.

Bec looked at me, and I asked "Truth or Dare?"

"Umm, I'll go dare." She replied.

I was keen to know if it was here that snuck into my apartment the other night. "Strip down to you underwear."

Bec looked at Matt beside her, who was completely asleep and unaware of what was going on around him. Bec stood up and then turned to Sarah for help to unzip the back of her dress; which was a gorgeous red that showed off her ample clevage, her tight ass, and her shapely legs.

Bec started to move her hips in time with the music, removed the straps from her shoulders, and slidethe dress down slowly revealing her red push-up bra and matching gstring underneath.

We were in awe of how good she looked.

Bec sat back down between Matt and Sarah. And looked over at Mila. "Truth or Dare?"

"Dare is much more fun." Mila replied.

Bec looked at me, and then down to my hard cock. "I dare you to suck Andy's cock for 5 minutes without making him cum."

This was really starting to get interesting, but I didn't think Mila was going to suck my cock. How wrong I was.

Not only did Mila agree to the dare, but she stood up, knelt down between my legs, and put my cock into her mouth. And she was good at giving head. The next 5 minutes are going to be difficult not to cum.

I looked at Bec, who was licking her lips. Then Steph next to me, who had the best view of what was going on.

"Truth or Dare?" I said to Steph as Mila continued to suck my cock inches away from her.

"Dare." Steph said, not looking at me, but at what Mila was doing.

"I dare you to stand up, take off your dress, but leave you underwear on, and masturbate in front of me." I asked her softly.

Steph did what I asked. She stood in front of me, and slowly slid her black dress to the floor. She was wearing a black satin bra and matching panties.

She picked up her dress and placed over the back of the couch. She stood in front of me. Her right hand found its way to between her legs, and the other to her breasts. She started to rub her fingers through her panties, making them wet.

Sarah, Bec, and Lisa were all enjoying the show, and I could tell they were touching themselves, trying not to make a sound, but they're faces and hands told me what they were doing.

I didn't know if the 5 minutes were up, but I looked over at Sarah. "Truth or Dare?"

"Dare." Sarah said quietly.

"I dare you to undress Lisa." I said, watching to see Lisa's reaction.

Both Lisa and Sarah stood up. The front of Sarah's black gstring was wet.

They stood in front of each other, and begin to kiss each other passionately. Their arms wrapped around each other. Sarah broke away from Lisa's kiss and began to pull the zipper on the front of Lisa's dress.

Lisa's dress excentuated her large breasts, and unzipping the dress made her tits bounce free only inches from Sarah's mouth, showing us her purple lace bra. Sarah continued to unzip Lisa's dress all the way down to her hips, where one small move made the dress fall to the floor. Lisa had matching French lace knickers on, with a damp spot on the front.

Lisa looked over at me. Mila was still sucking my cock and Steph was masturbating. Sarah moved her hand from Lisa's waist to the front of her pussy, and began to massage Lisa's pussy through the lace knickers. Lisa let out a moan, and reciprocated by rubbing Sarah's pussy.

Looking over at Bec, her legs were now wide apart, her red gstring was pushed to one side, and she was openly masturbating with her hand.

Mila stopped sucking my cock, and began to stroke my hard cock with her hand. This gave her the opportunity to look around at what everyone else was doing.

Mila stopped what she was doing, stood up, kissed Steph passionately again, and then removed her clothes; displaying a soft brown/cream push-up bra and matching French knickers.

Sarah and Lisa sat down on the couch to my left and continued to rub each other's pussies. Steph and Mila had continued kissing after Mila hd taken off her outfit.

I looked over at Bec, her hand furiously working her clit.

I grabbed the black satin panties from my pants pocket, and threw them to her.

"Truth or Dare Bec?" I asked while to stroked my cock.

"Truth" Bec moaned.

"Are those white panties yours?" I asked with a smile.

"No, and I have no idea who's they are." Bec said as she rubbed the black panties against her pussy. Her words said 'No', but her face told another story.

Steph sat back down next to me. Mila had removed all of her clothes except her underwear, and was now masturbating with her hand. I looked back up at Mila. Her body was gorgeous, and her matching underwear looked amazing.

I didn't get to look much longer as Mila straddled my hips and started grinding her wet pussy against my cock.

Steph whispered in my ear, "Truth or Dare?"

"Dare" was all I could say.

Steph whispered back "I dare you to fuck Mila, and fantasize that it's me."

While Mila's knickers felt great against my skin, I reached down and moved them to one side. Mila knew what she wanted, and held my cock as she lowered herself onto me. Taking my whole cock into her tight wet clean shaven pussy.

I looked at Steph, who was masturbating with one hand, and playing with her tits with the other.

It took Mila a short while to get her pussy to slide over my thick hard cock, but when she did, she began bouncing up and down, her juices making my cock slippery and wet.

Bec had removed her red gstring and was rubbing the black satin panties against her pussy.

Sarah and Lisa had taken off everything and now we're in a 69 position, not caring about what we were doing. Sarah was on top of Lisa, her face between her legs as she licked and fingered Lisa's pussy that was arched up towards her. Lisa had her tongue inside Sarah's pussy. Every now and then, Sarah would sit right down and grind on Lisa's face.

Mila continued to bounce up and down on my hard cock. Her tits shaking up and down. I reached up to fondle her tits in my hands, her bra feeling soft and smooth.

Steph leant against me, her moans in my ear as she rubbed her pussy. "I going to cum." Steph said as she watch my cock slide in and out of Mila's pussy.

I started moaning loudly as I was close to cumming. Mila did the same. Her thrusts became longer and deeper, and I placed both hands on her hips.

Steph moaned loudly in my ear, "I dare you to cum deep in Mila's pussy, while I masturbate next to you."

I couldn't take it any longer. A river of cum shot into Mila, making her come with me; as did Bec. Our moans joined in unison.

Mila collapsed on me, her breathing was heavy and her tits were either side of my face, which I quite enjoyed. Her arms and hands wrapped around my head holding me close to her.

I held Mila around her back and held her against me as I moved her bra cup to one side and sucked on her erect nipple. I heard Mila speak, "Truth or Dare?"

"Dare." Steph replied.

Mila let out a moan as I took her left nipple into my mouth, "I dare you to fuck Andy until you come. And Andy has to watch me lick Bec's pussy while you fuck."

Mila stood up in front of me, her pussy red and swollen. She motioned to Bec to sit next to me, which she did so.

Steph wasted no time, stood up, took off her lingerie, and straddled my legs. Her hand reaching down and stroking my cock, making it hard again.

Bec still had her red bra on, but after sitting next to me, she had undid the front clasp and was massaging her breasts. Mila knelt down in front of Bec and slid her tongue up and down the length of Bec's pussy.

Bec let out a long moan.

Looking up at Steph, she smiled at me as she stroked my cock with her hand, and slapping it against her eager pussy, making my cock very hard. Steph lifted herself up, and then lowered her pussy onto my cock, slowly. She felt so good.

Steph knew what I liked, so as she bounced up and down on me, she sat forward so that my face was between her tits. I stuck my tongue out and licked her body, sending shivers down Steph's body. I took each breast in my hands and fondled them. They were large and firm. I moved her left breast to my mouth and licked and sucked her nipple, making it hard and erect. I then moved to her right nipple and did the same.

Steph wasn't waiting any longer. Her thrusts became quicker, and she was panting. As was Bec beside me.

Mila had her face and tongue deep inside Bec's pussy.

To my left, Sarah and Lisa had finished, and were caressing each other, enjoying the show.

I look up at Steph. Her eyes were closed, and her hands were on my shoulders. I reached up and cupped her tits in my hands, squeezing her nipples with my fingers.

Steph was holding in her orgasm, but couldn't keep doing it. She let out a loud moan as she came all over my cock.

Bec followed her with her second orgasm of the night. Her legs clenched together, holding Mila's head.

Steph still had my cock inside her, and I looked up into her eyes, "Great party Steph. Let's do this every Friday night."

To be continued.