 "Oh fuck John," Tiffany moaned. She was currently bent over the kitchen counter, her short skirt lifted over her ass. "Don't stop. Come on baby. Fuck me good."

I was standing behind her, my hand on her lower back, my other hand on her hip. My shorts were down around my ankles and I was thrusting my hips back and forth. 

"You like this, don't you, you little tease."

"You know I do," she panted.

I finally felt my balls begin to tingle and then I was shooting cum into her waiting pussy. She felt the hot threads fill her pussy and she moaned. Her body began to tremble and her pussy tightened as a small orgasm crested within her. 

A couple more thrusts and I was done, but I didn't pull out right away. I rubbed her ass and let my soft cock slip out of her followed by a stream of cum that ran down her leg. I quickly grabbed a towel and cleaned her up before lowering her skirt back into place. 

As our relationship grew stronger and Tiffany began to feel more comfortable, her sexual appetite grew. She would wear short dresses whenever we were together and tease me constantly. When we were alone she'd go without panties and flash me. Sometimes when we were out she'd bend over and put on a little show.

I had finished the work on the house a month ago and we were currently negotiating with three different people on the sale of the house. With the help of my family, we were able to complete the work well under budget and time. The first offer had come in just days after the the house was listed. The second offer came a few days after that followed by the third. The second offer was the best, but when we told the others about the bid, they quickly increased their offers. 

As far as the land for my new house, a friend of my dad had come through with almost ten acres that overlooked a large lake near where I grew up. The lake was formed by damming up one end of a river that flowed through town with the idea of turning the area into a state park. Things hadn't gone quite right and the twenty years since the damming, the park never really developed. 

Just two years ago they started selling off one side of the lake for development and we were going to be just the third house built. The park was being built on the other side of the river. It would still be several hundred acres with boating and lots of other fun things. The lot we were purchasing was right on the lake. Only eight houses would have the view we would, but we were going to be the first to build a house. The other seven lots were still for sale and I suspected my sister was looking at buying one herself.

Tiffany turned around right then and gave me a huge kiss, pressing her perfect body against mine. 

"You like that I wear these dresses, don't you."

"You better believe it," I said as I let my eyes wander down her body. She stepped back so that I could get a better look at her. 

After getting my look, I reached up and cupped her cheeks and gently kissed her. "You're gorgeous, you know that?"

"I know I like to hear that. But you better pull your pants up before you trip."

I laughed but reached down to pull them up. Since I proposed to her, she'd become even more sexually provocative. If we were in my house, she often wore these short dresses or even less. If we were back at her place, she still managed to do whatever she could to arouse me, even if her parents were around. It didn't take much. 

One time when we were in her little love nest, as she liked to call it, I woke up to find her doing her yoga completely naked. I didn't even last two minutes before I had to go over and interrupt her. Another time we were in my room in the attic of my parent's house when she joined me in the shower. The only problem was that she wouldn't let me touch her and she wouldn't touch me. I was howling by the time we finished and I had to bend her over the sink to relieve my aching balls. 

It's not to say that it was all one sided. While I didn't have the same tools as she did, I did a pretty good job of getting her riled up. One night I took her out to dinner. I had hidden all of her panties so she had to go commando. I spent the entire night teasing her with light touches, ass squeezing and sweet whispers in her ear. At one point she pushed me against the wall and tried to get my pants off, but I held her off.

When we got back to my place, she went nuts. She couldn't get my pants off fast enough and she had several screaming orgasms before I was even warmed up.

Our whole relationship wasn't based on sex. Being apart forced us to have actual conversations. We took the opportunity to learn about one another during the years we were apart. It still killed me what she went through, but she assured me everything was good. She admitted she may never have gotten over me all the way, but she had a good life. Now it was even better because she did have me back in her life.

And I felt the same way. I don't regret anything that had happened, but I felt more complete with her at my side. 

"So, next week we'll be in California. Everything is set. We'll stay with Shelly and Darren. I can guarantee there will be a lot of partying. They both took the entire week off. Reena and Stu we'll see that first weekend, but the rest of the week up to their wedding is going to be busy. You'll get to meet all my friends though and I'm excited about it."

"I am too. I'm really looking forward to meeting Reena and Shelly."

"Well, they'll probably give you a hard time for a while. Shelly has already hinted that she's going to try and convince you to move out there."

"She'll have to deal with Steph, Pam and my mom so I wouldn't put money on Shelly and Reena winning."

Tiffany laughed and kissed me again.

We took Pup for a long walk before we headed for dinner. During dinner a very attractive redhead walked past the table. I glanced at her and was surprised when I caught Tiffany also checking her out.

"You know her?" I asked, curious.

"No, but she's really hot." It wasn't the first time Tiffany had done something like that. She told me about a few times she'd hooked up with a girl back in college

"Are you looking for a new girlfriend?" I teased.

"Would that bother you?"

"Depends on whether I get to share or if she's only for you."

She stuck her tongue at me but laughed. The girl was pretty hot with long red hair and a nice tight ass. 

After dinner we were walking down the street and Tiffany brought up the redhead again. "You think she'd be interested in a three-way?"

"I don't know. You want to go back and ask?"

"No. Maybe some day I'll surprise you though."

"Now you're just teasing me."

She laughed and kissed my cheek. "Maybe I am, maybe I'm not."

That night, Tiffany was all wound up. She started playing with me as soon as we settled into the hot tub. She dropped the towel to reveal her naked body and slowly sank beneath the water, giving me a nice long look. 

She slid across the tub to sit next to me and reached into my shorts to grab my quickly hardening cock.

"How is it that I'm naked and you're still wearing pants?" she whispered in my ear before nipping my earlobe.

"I don't know. Why don't you do something about it?"

She floated in front of me and grabbed the waistband. I lifted my ass off the seat so she could pull my shorts off and then tossed them out of the hot tub.

"Now, that's much better," she said. She floated directly in front of me and kissed me. "Don't you feel more free?"

I grabbed her upper arm and pulled her closer. "Much better," I said between kisses. 

After a few more kisses, she pushed away and sat across from me. We talked about our upcoming trip and what she was hoping for. We were going to be gone for two weeks with the wedding directly in the middle. The first week we were spending with all of her friends and the second week we were going to a vacation resort Tiffany wanted to take me to. She wouldn't give me many details, but I imagined it would involve a lot of sitting around, drinking, and sex. 

The whole trip would be our first extended time together with no interruptions, even going back to high school. I was looking forward to the experience and I could tell Tiffany was just as excited, if not more. 

As usual, Tiffany began to tease me. She started subtly with just little tweaks of her own nipples. She knew I was watching, but pretended it was accidental. Every few minutes she'd float over to me and kiss me or gently rub my crotch. I was extremely turned on but knew that she wanted to be in charge for now.

"Whew, it's a little hot out tonight," she said. She stood up, then sat on the edge of the tub, sipping her wine. Eventually she spread her legs, giving me a view of her pussy. She kept it completely bare except for a little patch just above her clit. The lips were already swollen with arousal. She pretended not to notice me watching her, but every once in a while she'd shift and spread her legs further apart.

I purposely stayed on my side of the tub. She wanted me to come over to her, but I knew how to play the game and waited till she started to wiggle. She was getting more aroused the longer I made her wait. The entire time she made simple conversation about our trip. 

I finally moved across the tub and kissed her. Her breath was warm and sweet and her lips curled into a smile as the kiss lingered. When I started kissing her collarbone, she moaned and her fingers gently pulled my hair. Her breathing quickened as I kissed down her chest to her tits. To her frustration, I pulled away before I took the swollen nipple into my mouth and sat back in my seat.

In mock anger she swam across and crushed my mouth with hers. "You're such a damn tease, you know that?"

"And you love it," I replied.

She put her knees on either side of my hips and wrapped her arms around my neck as we kissed. I reached behind and grabbed her ass, pulling her to me. I kneaded the firm globes while she moved her hips in small circles. My cock was just outside of her pussy, but she avoided letting it slip into her. I tried to pull her down but she resisted and then moved away. It took a lot of effort for me not to pursue.

She sat back on the edge and spread her legs again. This time she forgot all about subtlety and started to play with her pussy. The outer lips were swollen and when she removed her finger from inside of her, they were glistening. 

Slowly she put them to her mouth and licked her juices off. I almost came right there. "You want a taste?" she said seductively.

I moved across so fast I almost knocked her off the side. Her fingers entwined in my hair as my mouth went straight to her pussy. 

Even the slight taste of chlorine didn't take away from what I was going to do. She suddenly leaned back and I was thankful I had built the deck level with the edge of the tub. She pushed her pussy against my face as my tongue speared her. I'm sure if there was anyone walking the path behind the house, they'd know what was going on. Tiffany was moaning like crazy. 

When I slid a couple of fingers into her, her hips rose. I pushed her thighs back and spread them to give me better access. She moaned some more as I began to enthusiastically lick her clit while sliding my fingers in and out of her. All the teasing had done the trick. It wasn't long before she was flooding my mouth with her sweet nectar. She covered her mouth to keep from screaming and clamped her thighs around my head which kept me from pulling back. Not that I wanted to. 

Even as her orgasm crested, I continued to attack her pussy and before the first one abated, a second, more powerful orgasm hit her. This time she pushed me away from her and pulled her knees to her chest. 

I sat back in my seat as I watched her recover. My cock was aching for relief. I wanted to bury myself where my fingers and tongue had just been, but I waited patiently. Slowly Tiffany rose and came over to me. Without a word she straddled my hips, took my cock in her hand and lowered herself onto me. Her pussy was steaming hot and very well lubricated. 

Her mouth found mine and we kissed. Her tongue danced with mine as she bounced on my stiff rod.

"Come on baby. Fill me with your cum. I want to feel your hot jizz splash against the walls of my pussy," she whispered in my ear. "Give it to me lover." 

She continued to whisper in my ear which just turned me on more and soon I was shooting jet after jet of cum. I groaned in relief as my balls emptied and Tiffany wrapped her arms around my neck so tight I though my neck would snap. 

She was breathing hard in my ear and kissing my neck when she started to shutter. "Oh baby," she moaned as another small orgasm coursed through her body.

Tiffany didn't move as we both recovered. I could feel small spasm in her pussy as aftershocks from her orgasms racked her body. 

We were still in that position when we suddenly heard a female voice calling my name. We both looked over to the gate and suddenly Mandy materialized out of the darkness. Neither of us moved and Mandy didn't see us at first.

"What's she doing here?" I whispered to Tiffany.

"How should I know?" she whispered back. 

That's when Mandy finally saw us. Even in the dim light we could see her skin turn red and her mouth hung open.

"Oh my god. I'm so sorry. I was at Harry's and he asked me to drop off this box. I saw your car here and thought you were just out back." But she didn't move.

Finally Tiffany decided to make the first move and stood up, completely naked. I had no idea what was going to happen. Tiffany stepped out of the hot tub and walked right up to Mandy. 

"Thanks for dropping this off." She reached out and took the box from Mandy's paralyzed hand. She put it on the table and turned around. I noticed a stream of cum was running down Tiffany's leg. Tiffany walked over to where her wine glass was, sat down and took a sip. If you'd like to join us, bathing suits are optional. There is wine in the fridge over here and some glasses in that cabinet." Then Tiffany slid into the hot tub.

Mandy still didn't move and was just staring at us. I had no idea what she was thinking, but I had to admire her. Her large breasts stood out nicely on her chest and I could just make out her hard nipples, even through her bra and shirt. 

"How long do you think she's going to stand there?" Tiffany asked. She was taking this all in very well, which made me nervous. 

With a huge sigh, Tiffany stood back up and stepped out of the tub. She grabbed a glass and poured some wine. Then she sauntered over to Mandy, handed her the glass and took her free hand and led her over to the hot tub.

"Would you like me to undress you too?"

Mandy looked at Tiffany and then at me. The thought of seeing them both naked in the tub with me had brought my cock back to attention. Tiffany shrugged her shoulder and started to undress Mandy. This seemed to finally snap her out of her trance and she backed away.

"I should leave."

"Don't be ridiculous. You obviously came over here to fuck John."

"I swear, I didn't. I just had dinner with Anne and Harry. It was actually a blind date that didn't go too well. But I swear I did not come over here for that." She looked scared.

Tiffany eyed her carefully. "I believe you. I'm not sure why, but I do."

"Thanks for the wine, but I think I need to go."

"Would you like to fuck him?"

My head snapped and Mandy stepped back as if she was going to get hit.

"No. I don't sleep with guys in relationships. I know how that feels being on the other end." Mandy was starting to get her head back. She started to turn away but Tiffany stopped.

"Stay. I know you want to, even if that's not why you came here. The only difference is that you have to fuck me too."

Mandy took another step back. Her eyes moved down Tiffany's body and then she looked at me. I was still staring at Tiffany. I couldn't figure out if she was playing a game or not. To my disbelief, Mandy started taking her clothes off. Tiffany smiled and climbed into the hot tub.

"What are you doing?" I asked her.

"Giving you a nice present. You owe me big time."

"You sure about this?"

Tiffany turned and looked at Mandy as she stepped naked into the hot tub. She had filled out nicely since I met her a year ago. Her tits looked amazing and her stomach was flat with just a hint of a six pack. Her bush was neatly trimmed. 

Tiffany licked her lips. "I'm sure. How does she taste?"

I stared at Tiffany and saw the obvious lust in her eyes. "Pretty good." 

Mandy sat across from us. "I'm still not sure if this is some sort of joke. And I don't know if I will stay beyond this one glass."

"But you want to feel John's hard cock and you're willing to spend time with me to have it."

Mandy's eyes filled with lust. 

"I haven't decided yet." I could tell she wasn't going anywhere. I knew her well enough to know. I also knew she liked to be told what to do and Tiffany was giving her exactly what she wanted. 

Tiffany sat almost in my lap. Her hand was just to the side of my cock which had gotten hard again. Mandy finished her wine quickly and Tiffany got up to get her a refill. Mandy watched Tiffany walk out of the tub. She was checking Tiffany out. 

"You ok?" I asked. 

"I don't know. It's a little weird, don't you think?"

I didn't answer. Tiffany came back with another drink for me and wine for her and Mandy. This time, Tiffany sat next to Mandy. It gave me a great opportunity to check them out together. Mandy's tits were bigger, but Tiffany's were much firmer. 

We talked for a while and at one point I saw Mandy stiffen. With the bubbles from the jets, it was difficult to tell what was going on, but I suspected that Tiffany was playing with Mandy beneath the water.

"Where's your son?"

"At Anne's. I was supposed to be on a date with this guy, but he turned out to be a real loser. His first wife left him a year after they were married and his second wife cheated on him with his best friend. He barely said anything through the entire dinner. I got so frustrated that I just told him to go home."

"Sounds like a real winner."

"I wanted to kill Anne for setting me up with him. She did apologize though. Apparently he wasn't completely truthful with her."

"How many times has she set you up on dates?" Tiffany asked. It was now obvious she was playing with Mandy. Mandy did a great job of hiding it though, but I could see Tiffany's arm moving and Mandy would shudder once in a while.

"This is the fourth guy. John was the first."

"I didn't realize that."

"Yeah. I had just moved here and didn't know anyone. I met John shopping that day and she invited me over for dinner. She didn't tell me John was going to be there. We actually didn't get along right away."

"And yet you still slept with him."

"I had a good talk with Anne and I realized I wasn't very nice. John kind of pushed me away at that point."

"Really? I doubt he would turn away someone like you."

I gave Tiffany the evil eye, but Mandy explained. "I didn't really look like this when we met. I was extremely under weight. When I found out my ex-husband was cheating on me, I went into a real bad depression. I stopped eating and didn't take very good care of myself. This caused me to get sick which caused me to lose even more weight. I was just starting to get better when I met John. I honestly don't know why he wanted to have sex with me."

"Because he's a horn dog. Show him some skin and he's all yours."

"I thought she looked pretty damn good."

"He was being nice. My ribs were showing I was so thin. The problem was that the doctor put me on some sort of medicine that caused me to have periods where I became extremely horny. He said it was my body getting healthy again but when I told him how bad it was, he did some research."
