 "So, nothing is happening with that little red-headed girl?" Andy asks.

"Chrissy? What makes you think that?"

"If I had a cute little girl like that living with me, I'd be in a lot of trouble."

"How many times do I have to tell you that nothing is going on?" At least as far as I'm going to tell you, I think to myself.

Andy and I are supposed to be installing the cabinets in my new kitchen and he's been badgering me for weeks about Chrissy. Tiffany and I have been telling everyone that she is just living with us till she finds a full-time job and a place to live. They don't need to know what is going on behind closed doors. If they knew, they would probably go crazy on us.

I wipe more sweat from my face as I take the measurements for the third time. We've been working all day in the heat of mid-summer and I'm ready for a break. 

It's been three months since our vacation together and all the framing has been completed along with all of the wiring and plumbing. Now we are working on the gourmet kitchen that Tiffany insisted on having despite the fact she can't quite cook yet. She's been taking classes, but she's got a long way to go.

As for Chrissy, she moved in with us last month and took a temporary job at the local hospital. It's only a matter of time before they offer her something full-time, but for now, she is living with Tiffany and I. She doesn't really need to after selling her condo back in California, but Tiffany insisted and I quickly agreed. 

For one thing, Tiffany has someone to hang out with now that school is out. I've been really busy working on the house since my goal is to be done by Halloween. Andy has been helping me out as much as possible, but he has his own projects to complete.

I hear a car pull into the driveway and a few minutes later Tiffany and Chrissy walk into the kitchen. Tiffany is wearing a very tight tank top that has me smiling while Chrissy is still wearing her scrubs from work.

"Hey, I thought you could use some lunch," Tiffany says as she gives me a kiss. "Eww. You don't smell too good."

"You try working out here all day. You'd stink too."

Chrissy and Andy both giggle. Tiffany glares at Andy but he just smiles back.

"How much longer are you going to be tonight?"

"I don't know about John, but I'm about done. It's Friday and I'm calling it quits early."

"I won't be much longer. I was hoping to get at least the bottom cabinets in, but something isn't quite right. I think they brought us the wrong cabinets."

Tiffany looks at them and confirms my suspicions. "These are supposed to be downstairs in the basement. Where are the ones for the kitchen?"

"They must have gotten the order mixed up." I start cursing as I go over the delivery sheet. "Yup. They aren't supposed to have these ready till next month. Fuck."

"Why does it matter?" Chrissy asks. 

"We haven't started working down there. There's not any sheet rock up and if we move them down there, they'll just be in the way. Plus, it means that the kitchen cabinets aren't ready yet."

I am already on the phone with the cabinet maker while Andy explains the problem. It turns out not to be as bad as I'd expected. The company has the kitchen cabinets done, they just delivered the wrong ones. The problem is that now I have to wait till tomorrow to start installing them.

"So, does this mean you are done for today?" Tiffany asks hopefully. 

"I'm hoping to get some other things done. Do you have something in mind?"

She quickly looks over at Andy. "How about a date? I haven't seen much of you lately and I'm kind of lonely."

I'm about to saying something stupid but catch Chrissy's look and change what I am about to say. "I think I can knock off for the day."

Tiffany gives a little squeal and then gives me a big hug and kiss, despite my current bad odor. "Good. Finish up and then come home."

I look around and I suddenly have an idea. "No," I start and see Tiffany's smile fade. "How about you go home while I take care of a few things, pack us a picnic and then come back out here. I'll have everything else ready when you get back."

Tiffany's smile comes back bigger than before. From behind Tiffany, Chrissy winks at me. "Ok. Give me an hour or so. I'll bring you a change of clothes also."

"That would be good. See you in a little while."

After the girls leave, Andy and I bring the cabinets into the garage. He helps me take care of a few things before heading home. After he leaves, I set up for my date with Tiffany. I've decided we will have dinner at the house and then we'll camp out on the edge of the lake. I realize that I have been neglecting her a little and decide a night with just the two of us will be a good idea.

I set up my camping table, a couple of chairs and the tent. I've had them out here just in case I've needed them. Once I've set up my little camp, I gather some firewood and then jump into the lake to wash some of the grime off of my body. While I'm swimming around, Tiffany returns with a big cooler and a backpack. She smiles when she sees me swimming around.

"Mind if I join you?"

"Not at all. The water is nice."

Without a care in the world, Tiffany strips off her clothing and joins me naked in the lake. She swims over to me and wraps her arms around my neck.

"Hi."

"Hi there," I reply. "I've kind of missed you lately."

"I can tell," she says as she reaches between us and grabs my quickly hardening cock.

"I guess I need to start giving you more attention."

"I understand. I want the house done too. And with Chrissy living with us, it's not easy being alone. She said something about moving out to give us space."

"What did you say?"

"I told her not to worry about it. I like having her around. Especially those nights when she joins us."

"We still need to be careful. Andy is starting to ask questions."

"I don't care. I love having her around and I know you do too. And not just because of the sex."

"I do. She's changed a lot since that night."

Tiffany has been squirming and has worked the head of my cock into her pussy. It's not very comfortable though and she gives up before we hurt each other. We swim around for a while and then make our way to the tent. 

Once inside the tent, I lay Tiffany down on the air mattress and slowly kiss her entire body, avoiding the one place she wants me to kiss. By the time I move between her legs, she is cursing at me. I'm amazed by how wet she is and sense she is in desperate need of some attention. But still, I tease her. I lightly kiss her inner thigh and when she lifts her ass, I move with her, avoiding her pussy.

"Oh, you fucking jerk. Stop teasing and take care of me. You've barely touched me all week," she groans.

I know she's right so I stop my teasing and get down to business. With my tongue buried in her pussy, she screams through one very strong orgasm. Her next orgasm rolls over her as I slide my fingers in and out of her cunt while I suck on her clit. Before the second one stops, a third orgasm forces her body to thrash around and soon my face is covered in her sweet juice.

Without taking a break, I move up her body and slide my cock inside of her. She groans as I stretch her out and her fingers rake down my back as I slowly move my hips. We kiss as make love in the tent, but when I feel my balls start to tighten, I lift my self up and start to pummel her. Soon I'm exploding inside of her and filling her with a very large amount of semen. Tiffany screams as she feels me filling her and another orgasm rages through her.

Afterwards, we lay together, gasping for breath.

"Maybe I should come out here more often," she says, still panting.

"I won't complain."

"You have been neglecting me lately. Why?"

"I'm not doing it on purpose. I guess with the work on the house and you having Chrissy around, I just forgot there are other things to take care of. I won't do it again."

"Good. As much as I want this house and enjoy being around Chrissy, I need and want you more."

"You can have me anytime you want."

"Yeah, you say that now. Just make sure you keep that promise."

The next morning I'm up early and start a small fire to make us some breakfast. I go back into the tent and Tiffany is sitting up. 

"Good morning," I say to her smiling face.

"Good morning to you too."

"Have I really been neglecting you?"

"A little. But I understand. I just wanted to make sure it wasn't me."

"Never. And you know it."

"A girl needs to be reminded once in a while."

I crawl over and kiss her hard. She wraps her arms around me and pulls me on top of her. Her other hand reaches down and loosens my pants and then reaches inside to stroke me. I don't need much time before I'm hard and quickly slide into her moist pussy. We make love one more time before breakfast with both of us having intense orgasms.

Shortly after breakfast the cabinet company makes their delivery for the kitchen cabinets. After the driver leaves I start to call Andy, but Tiffany takes my phone away and pushes me against the wall. 

"You don't really need to work right now, do you?"

I stare into her eyes and see a fire burning. Her nipples are straining against the shirt she is wearing and I decide that I can take the day off. 

I turn her around and pin her against the wall. "No, I think they can wait," I say just before crushing her mouth with mine. I peel the shirt off her body and push her shorts down her sexy legs. Without giving her any warning, I lift her leg over my shoulder and bury my tongue in her pussy. Her long moan tells me it is exactly what she wants. She grabs a handful of my hair and pulls me tight against her and grinds her pussy against my face.

"Oh fuck, John. I love when you suck my pussy."

I just hum my approval. Soon I have her cumming and her juices explode on my face. I continue my oral assault on her pussy and she cums again. I need to fuck her so I stand up and push my shorts down to release my hard cock. I then turn Tiffany around and bend her over the boxes the cabinets came and slam my cock into her still spasming pussy. 

The initial thrust gives Tiffany a small orgasm, but I'm going crazy and slam hard into her pushing her into a much more intense orgasm. With her pussy clenching around my hard cock, I explode, spewing a large quantity of cum into her quivering pussy.

Gasping for breath, I step back and slip out of her and against the wall. I am treated to a view of her gaping pussy dripping cum down her legs. Tiffany stands up and walks over to me, drops to her knees and takes me into her mouth. She sucks and licks me a for a few minutes, but I don't respond and she gives up.

"Chrissy is going out tonight and I expect you to take care of me. Don't work too hard."

With that she grabs her clothes and gets dressed, but before she can put anything on, I grab her and carry her out to the tent. Her eyes are huge as she stares at me. 

"Get in there," I order.

With a wicked smile, she crawls into the tent with me right behind her. She's still on her hands and knees when I bury my tongue in her pussy once again. Tiffany buries her face in her pillow and spreads her legs wider as I lick her sloppy pussy. 

Tiffany is moaning like crazy when I take her clit and suck it between my lips. She explodes once again and I hope that there is nobody close by because I'm sure her scream would bring people running. She rolls onto her side and looks at me.

"Okay, maybe we can just have a nice, quiet night."

"Oh, you better be ready for more babe. Because I'm coming home tonight to make up for lost time."

Her face lights up with a huge smile. "I'll be ready." 

We lay together for a while before Tiffany gets dressed and leaves. I spend a few hours taking care of a few things around the house before heading home. When I get to our apartment, Chrissy is still there. When she sees me, she smiles.

"I guess you guys had a good night," she says.

"Oh yeah, how do you figure?"

"Tiffany came home like she's floating on a cloud and took a long bath. She pretty much told me everything."

"Yeah, guess I should have known that. So, what are your plans tonight?"

"I'm going out with some people from work. I'll be home late, so you can do whatever you want to her."

"You think I'd hold back because you're here?"

"Probably not. But I'm getting ready to ask Tiffany for a night together because I can't take listening to you two."

"Well, give me some warning because I want to be well rested."

She laughs and walks out the door. "You'll need to be well rested," she says as she closes the door.

I shake my head and turn around to see Tiffany watching me. She looks stunning in a sexy summer dress. She has her hair braided and is biting her lower lip. I walk over to her and give her a big kiss.

"Hi. I decided to come home early."

"I see," she says as she wraps her arms around my neck. "Go shower and then you can take me to dinner."

"Yes, ma'am."

After dinner we spend the rest of the night trying to outdo each other giving pleasure to one another. I declare myself the winner and Tiffany doesn't really argue. 

Later that week, I'm working on the house when I get a call from my old friend Heather. After catching up quickly, she tells me the reason for her call. She has a client that just bought a foreclosed house that needs a lot of work and she recommended me for the job. I explained it would be tough to get out there but she insists, so I tell her I'll take a look.

That night I discuss the project with my dad and Andy and they tell me I should go check it out. At the very least, it would be a nice amount of money. 

"Would you be living there?" Tiffany asks after I explain everything to her.

"I don't know. But you could come with me. We'll get a room and make it a working vacation."

"Yeah, but would you make any money on it?"

"I won't take it if it's not worth the cost. I certainly won't lose money. Do you want me to say no?"

"No, go talk to them about it. Don't you find it odd she is asking you?"

"A little."

"I can go tomorrow with you. If it doesn't work out, we can come home tomorrow night or go away for the weekend."

"Okay. Let's do that. It will be nice to spend time with you either way."

"Good answer."

Early the next morning I call Heather who calls the owners. Within the next hour, Tiffany and I are on the road. She's wearing cute little sandals and a summer dress. 

We arrive at the house and Heather meets me on the porch. "You remember my fiancée, Tiffany?"

"Of course. It's good to see you again," Heather says.

"You too."

After some pleasantries we discuss the work they would like to have done. The house is a real mess, even worse than what I had moved into. Just about every wall is damaged, windows are broken and it looks like a lot of the electrical wiring is missing.

"They are almost better off demolishing this and building a new one," I say after walking through the house.

"You think so?"

"Yes. How much did they pay?"

"In my opinion, too much, but the guy has money. Let me call him and give him your suggestions and see what he has to say."

Heather goes out front while Tiffany and I check out more of the house. The upstairs isn't quite as bad as the lower level, but it's still a mess.

"Do you really think taking this thing down is the answer?"

"I can't be certain, but I would guess we're looking at over two hundred grand. Most of the electrical will need to be replaced which means a lot of the walls will have to be taken down. The windows have been gone for a long time and I'd bet everything around there is rotten."

I go over to one of the windows in the master bedroom and poke the wood.

"Look how soft this is. The floor is wet too. I bet this house has been like this at least two years if not longer. I'd also wager there is a ton of mold growing everywhere."

Heather comes back in and finds us talking.

"So, how bad do you think it is?"

"What did the owner say?"

"Can you stay one night? He wants to go through it with you. You can both stay at my place if you don't mind. I've got plenty of room."

I saw Tiffany's face and declined. "Thank you, but we're going to go stay in that little bed and breakfast on the edge of town. It's got a nice spa that I'm sure Tiff would love to use."

"I don't blame you. He's going to be in town before lunch so I will give you a call in the morning. Have a good night."

"That was a good save on your part," Tiffany says once we're back in the car.

"I wasn't born yesterday. Besides, it really is a nice place."

"Whatever you think is best," she says. 

After we both get our spa treatments, I take Tiffany to my favorite restaurant.

"Shouldn't Darren and Shelly be moving out here soon?"

"Next month. His boss keeps pushing it back, but he finally got his release. Shelly already has most of the house packed."

"You excited?"

"Yes. I can't wait for this to happen. Now if I can just find Stu a job out here, everything would be perfect."

"Do you think Millie and Penny will move too?"

"I doubt it but I also wouldn't be surprised. I think there is a better chance Millie would move though. Penny grew up out there and she has a lot of family. Millie is a little more transient."

"She could get a place with Chrissy and we could go back to being alone."

"Oh, speaking of Chrissy, do we have anything planned next weekend? The poor girl is raring to go."

"We need to find her a boyfriend."

"Agreed, but for now, you're going to have to take care of her needs."

"I'll do whatever it takes to keep you girls happy."

"I'm sure you will."

"John?" 

I look around and see Brandy walking towards us. She's wearing an incredibly tight dress that shows off her amazing cleavage and legs. I take a quick look at Tiffany before standing and giving her a hug.

"Brandy. It's great to see you. You remember my fiancée, Tiffany?"

Brandy's briefly looks disappointed but maintains her big smile.

"Of course. It's nice to see you again."

"You too, Brandy," Tiffany says with an edge to her voice.

"What are you guys doing here?" Brandy asks ignoring Tiffany. I'm actually amazed at how composed she is right now.

"I got a call for a job in town and came to check it out. Tiffany came with me as a sort of small vacation. How are you? All done with school?"

"Yeah. I graduated last month and now I'm looking for work. The market isn't that great."

"What did you study?" Tiffany asks. She seems to have warmed up a little.

"Interior design. Well, graphic design but I specialized in interior."

"That's really good. What type of places are you looking?"

"Anything that will get me some good experience. I did a really nice internship, but the market just isn't good. I know I can do the job, I just need someone to give me a chance."

"I'm sure you'll find something."

"Yeah, maybe. I need a job to get out on my own."

"Still with your mom?"

"Yeah, and her new boyfriend. He's over all the time and it's a little creepy. Actually, that's why I'm out tonight. To give them space."

"You're here alone?" Tiffany asks.

"I was supposed to meet some girlfriends, but they had to back out. One has a really bad cold and the other is having boyfriend issues."

"That sucks," I say. "How is your mom?"

"She's doing great. She's been dating this guy for about three months. He's nice enough, but.." she left off there, looking at Tiffany out of the corner of her eye.

"It's okay. I know all about them. Why don't you join us?"

I'm pretty sure I hurt something when my head whipped around to look at Tiffany. Brandy looks just as stunned as me.

"Are you sure?" Brandy asks.

"Of course. There's no reason you should eat alone. We're not out for anything special."
