 After getting our bags we are met by Shelly and Darren. As soon as the girls see each other, they squeal and run across the baggage area, almost falling as they grab each other. Dozens of people turn to look, some smiling, some scowling. 

Shelly is a beautiful blond with shoulder length hair. Her husband Darren is equally good looking in a beach boy kind of way. I introduce myself since it's obvious that Tiffany and Shelly are too busy with each other. 

We load the bags into the back of their car and head back to their place. Their house is huge and the backyard is even more impressive After getting the tour and unpacking, we meet Shelly and Darren on the patio. 

The girls chat while Darren and I get to know each other. Darren is really laid back and makes me feel at ease. It's not long before I'm feeling pretty good about him. 

Just before dinner, Reena and Stu arrive with their other friends Millie and her husband, Peter. I'm a little surprised to meet him since Tiffany had told me they weren't together anymore. Tiffany seems a bit surprised also.

Tiffany's description of Millie was spot on. She's very tall with huge tits and bright red hair. She also fit the normal redhead stereotype and is very outgoing. Her husband on the other hand barely acknowledges me and I get the distinct impression he doesn't even want to be here.

As soon as Reena came through the door, Tiffany ran over and hugged the pretty brunette Right behind her is her fiancée, Stu. Stu is a huge man, kind of like Andy. He even has that same quirky smile that reminds me of Andy and I quickly find myself liking him.

While the girls sit and talk, I get to know Stu and Darren over some very nice, expensive bourbon. Peter sits off to the side, acting as if he's not even present. When Darren asks for our help to get dinner ready, Peter stays outside.

"What's his deal?" I ask as we enter the house.

"I'm not even sure why he's here. I heard they were divorced," Stu tells me.

"That's what Tiffany said too. Not that I have any idea who they are."

"He's always been like that though. At least he's sitting with us. Remember when they came over and he sat on the other side of the pool the whole time?" Darren asks Stu.

"Weirdest thing ever. That was right before we heard they were separating."

As we gather the things for dinner, the front door opens and two girls walk into the kitchen.

"Ok, where is she?" the Asian girl asks. She looks at me and smiles broadly. "You must be John. I've seen a couple of pictures of you and Tiffany has spoken about you enough that I would recognize you anywhere. I'm Penny."

"Oh, yeah, Tiffany told me all about you."

Penny comes over and hugs me. Her head barely comes up to my shoulders. "Yeah, don't believe half of what she said unless it was flattering. Now where is she?"

"Out back with the other girls."

The other girl with Penny hangs back while Penny introduces herself. This has to be Chrissy She's a beautiful girl with strawberry blond hair, a small, perky nose covered in freckles and green eyes. She looks at me shyly and doesn't say anything as she follows Penny outside.

"Well, you've met the crew. I'm a little surprised to see Penny without her boyfriend though."

"I heard they broke up," I tell Darren

"Not as of last weekend they hadn't," Stu says. "The cute redhead is Chrissy. If you're lucky, she may speak to you before you leave next week."

"I heard about her. Tiffany filled me in." Stu and Darren look at each other, then back to me. "Yes, that part too."

They both look at me, shrug their shoulders and grab the trays of food to bring outside. 

Outside, the girls are talking a mile a minute, right on top of each other. Everyone except Chrissy who is standing just off to the side, next to Tiffany. I did notice that Tiffany is holding her hand. Peter is still pretending not to be a part of the party and doesn't offer to help us. 

As Darren lights the grill to get it warmed up, I look around the yard. Darren and Shelly have a huge backyard that contains a pretty impressive pool. At one end of the pool, there is a huge rock formation with a waterfall. I had seen it from my room and saw the hot tub at the top. Beneath the waterfall is a grotto with a swim up bar, just like at a lot of those resorts. 

On the opposite side of the pool is a huge guest house. I hadn't gotten the tour of it yet, but Tiffany had said it was as big as most people's houses. She thought we'd be staying there, but Shelly told her we'd be better in the main house. 

"Hey, John?" I turn to find Tiffany and Chrissy standing behind me. "I want to introduce you to Chrissy."

"Hi, it's nice to meet you," I say, holding my hand out to her. Tiffany iss still holding her hand. She looks at me and smiled. 

"Nice to meet you too. I've heard a lot about you."

"Same here."

"Let's go talk," Tiffany said. Chrissy gives her a fearful look. "It's ok. He knows everything."

Chrissy looks at me, uncertain if she should go, but she follows Chrissy to the guest house.

I walk behind them and admire the two tight butts in front of me. Although there is a pretty good difference in their height, they have equally nice bodies. 

Inside the guest house, Tiffany shuts the door, then takes a seat on one of the chairs. I sit on the couch near the window and Chrissy sits in the chair across from me. The room is pretty impressive with a huge flat screen tv and a big bar along one wall. I can see a big pool table in the other room as well as several video games and a corner of a foosball table.

"Chrissy, I've told John everything about us. You ok with that?" Chrissy just nods her head. "This isn't going to be like with Scott. I tell him everything."

Chrissy looks at me quickly, then back to Tiffany. I notice she iss biting her lip and her hands are held tightly in her lap.

We sit quietly and it's beginning to get awkward. After about five minutes I've had enough.

"Ok, so why are we here?" I ask. " "To get some things out in the open," Tiffany explains.

"Like what?"

"Like what happened a few years ago when I was with Scott." She turns to Chrissy. I"'m sorry about what happened. I shouldn't have excluded you from my life. John made me realize that I was being pretty selfish. You're a big part of my life and I threw that away for some guy that I wasn't even in love with."

Chrissy stares at Tiffany and tears start to form in her eyes.

Tiffany stands and walks over to Chrissy. "That's not going to happen again. You were there for me when I needed someone. I want us to go back to being friends again."

Chrissy falls into Tiffany's arms and the two of the hug for several minutes, tears streaming down their cheeks.

"Why did you do that?" Chrissy asks when they finally compose themselves.

"Because I was afraid you'd tell Scott about when we were together. At the time, I didn't think he could handle something like that and I liked him a lot. Turns out I was right about him being able to handle it. The problem is I got rid of the wrong person. Please forgive me."

"You hurt me a lot. I just wanted to be your friend. I understood why you broke up with me."

"I realize that now. But I was afraid you wouldn't be able to handle it. I'm not gay."

"Neither am I. I prefer girls because so many men have hurt me. I want to be with a guy, but just can't get passed all of that. Of course, you hurt me pretty good too."

"Can we be friends again?"

"Why do you think I'm here?"

Tiffany finally smiles and hugs Chrissy. "So, this is John," Tiffany says. "He the guy that caused me so many headaches way back when."

"So I figured." Chrissy eyes me with a little bit of hostility.

"Hi."

"How do you feel about what happened between me and Tiffany?"

I'm impresses with how bold she is. "I'm fine with it."

She nods her head and goes back into her shell.

"Look, I hope that you will give me a chance to get to know you. I know it is important to Tiffany that we at least like each other. You ok with that?"

"Do I have a choice?"

"Yes. I'm not going to force you to like me. But I'm not going anywhere and Tiffany is coming home with me, so I hope that we can become friends, and not just for Tiffany."

After my short speech, I stand and walk out of the room, leaving the two girls staring after me. I walk over to the bottle of bourbon and pour myself a small shot and throw it back. Stu and Darren just stare at me as I pour another.

"Sorry, kind of a rough few minutes in there."

"No problem. I've just never seen anyone toss it back quite like that."

I pour myself another and take a seat facing away from the pool house. Fifteen minutes later Tiffany comes out and sits in my lap, looks me in the eyes, then kisses me passionately. The blood rushes right to my cock from that kiss and I am glad she is sitting in my lap. 

A minute later, Chrissy joins us and gives me a kiss, just not quite as passionate. "Thank you," she whispers. Everyone is just staring at us and I become quite uncomfortable. 

"Would you three get a room?" Shelly shouts from the table. Chrissy quickly gets up, her face is as red as Millie's hair. Tiffany doesn't move, just takes my glass and takes a small sip of my drink. She coughs and sputters a minute before recovering.

"How the hell do you drink that crap? You got any of that good tequila around?"

Shelly bounces up, runs into the house and comes back out with two bottles and several shot glasses. 

The next several hours are a blur. I'm not sure how I got into hot tub, but Tiffany is on one side, Chrissy is on the other. Both girls are wearing bikinis that show off quite nice bodies. Chrissy breasts are quite impressive on her small body.

On the other side from us are Millie, Stu, Reena and Darren. Penny is sitting on the side and Peter is nowhere to be found. As small as Tiffany's bikini was, Millie's iss even smaller and has a tough time holding in her tits. 

Darren has been showing off his bar tending skills and has been fixing some really good drinks. I'v been sticking to the bourbon and tequila since most of the drinks have been pretty sweet and bourbon and sweet drinks just don't mix.

Tiffany is leaning against me, her head on my shoulder and her hand in my lap. I'm not sure if she is doing it consciously or not, but her fingers are toying with my cock, not that I am complaining. Chrissy seems to be half-asleep on my other side and is actually leaning on me as well. 

We are all laughing and talking when Peter appears. "Millie, I'm heading home. Do you want a ride or are you staying here tonight?"

Millie looks at him and starts laughing. "I'm going to stay. Why don't you loosen up and join us?"

He doesn't say anything, and walks away. Millie watches him for a minute and then laughs. I can see Peter walk into the house without turning around. A few minutes later I see a car drive away. 

"What the hell was that?" Penny asks. 

Millie takes a sip of her drink. "We are supposed to be working on our marriage. We've been seeing a counselor for a few weeks. One of the deals was that I would be a little less crazy and he would have to loosen up. Turns out that he just can't do it." 

Millie starts to get up, but Darren stops her. He and Penny go to get the tequila and hand everyone a shot except for Chrissy who's had enough.

"Here's to the single life," Mille says, holding up her glass. I wonder if she'll feel that way in the morning, but I have a feeling, she'll be just fine. She's not going to be alone for very long.

I down my shot and accidentally brush Chrissy's breast with my arm. I don't make a big deal of it, but privately heold my breath. I catch her looking at me, but she doesn't say anything. 

"I need to pee," Tiffany says suddenly. She is definitely drunk.

"I'll go with you. I need to go too," Chrissy says.

"Me too," Millie slurs. The three of them stand and head to the bathroom. I admire Chrissy's ass as she walks away. It is very tight. Millie's ass is pretty nice too and I find myself admiring all three.

We chat for a while till the girls come back. Penny slips into the hot tub next to me. When the girls come back, she slides over to let Chrissy have her seat back. Surprisingly, Chrissy sits down even closer than before and leans against me. Tiffany takes back her seat and Millie sits across from us, but not before leaning way over and showing off the deep valley between her tits. Tiffany gives me a quick squeeze as she catches me looking. She is smiling though, so I figure it iss ok.

The long flight, alcohol and time difference catch up to me. I am soon nodding off when I hear Tiffany tell me it is time for bed. I don't argue with her and let her lead the way. I barely remember taking a shower and getting into bed. It also doesn't register that I have a warm body tucked in front of me and behind me. Even if it had, I'm sure there is nothing I could do about it now.

At some point during the night I have pee and realized I am sandwiched between two warm bodies. It's dark, so I'm sure who the bodies belong to. I squirm my way off the bed and quietly made my way to the bathroom. 

My head is already hurting, so I decide to head to the kitchen for some water. I manage to find my way without tripping over anything and rummage around till I find a clean glass. As I drink, the kitchen light is turned on and I see Shelly make her way in, oblivious to the fact I am already there. What makes it awkward is the fact she is wearing a very sheer gown over her naked body.

"Not to startle you," I say, but it's too late. She starts to scream but covers her mouth when she realizes it is me. It takes her a moment to realize she needs to cover other parts. "I'm sorry. I just needed some water."

"No, that's ok. I kind of forgot there are other people here. I need some water too." 

She walks over to the cabinet and grabs a glass, fills it with water and starts to drink. It seems she's not all that concerned about what she is wearing and what I'm seeing. After pouring myself some more water, I make my way back to my room. "Good night, Shelly."

"Night John."

The walk back to my room helps me adjust to the darkness, so by the time I get back into the room I am able to see fairly well. Tiffany iss still in the same position in bed, but now I see that Chrissy is the other body in the bed. She lifts her head when I walked back into the room.

"Did I wake you?" I ask quietly.

"When you first got up. You didn't know it was me in here with you?"

"No. I don't remember much about coming to bed."

She looks at Tiffany and then sits up. She has the cover over her breasts. "I hope you didn't mind me spending the night."

"No."

"She said you wouldn't, but I was about to go back to my room and she made me shower and get into bed."

"It's ok Chrissy. Really. You want some water?"

"I'm good, thanks."

"Why are you so nervous?"

She's about to protest, but stops. "I'm afraid you're going to make me go away." Tears start to form in her eyes.

"I already told you. I'm not going to do that." Tiffany groans in her sleep, but doesn't wake up. "Let's go talk somewhere."

"There's a balcony out that door. Let me put something on." I look around and toss her my shirt from earlier. 

"I'll be out there."

I get comfortable and a few minutes later, Chrissy joins me. She iss wearing my shirt which is huge on her small body. She looks very sexy with her long hair tied back and my shirt barely staying on her shoulders. She also looks very scared.

"You don't trust me," I say after she sat down.

"I don't trust men, not just you."

"You're going to have learn because I'm not going anywhere." She stares at me for a while, tears again forming. "I'm not trying to be mean. I love Tiffany and I let her get away once. I'm not going to do that again. Ok?"

"I'll try. I don't want to lose her either."

"Good. Let's go back to bed. I'm dead tired."

We go back to bed and Chrissy moves behind me again and is still wearing my shirt.

I wake up, still sandwiched between two warm bodies. Tiffany is still in front of me, but I'm not sure if it is Chrissy behind me. I touch Tiffany's shoulder and she turns her head to look at me. 

"I was beginning to wonder if you were going to sleep all day."

"I'm not ready to get out of bed yet," I tell her.

I kiss her on the cheek and reach around to caress a breast. Her nipple hardens immediately and she pushes her ass against me.

"Be nice, we have company."

I squeeze her tit hard this time and she giggles. "Jerk," she says and pushes against me again. I gently play with her body while she grinds her ass against my hardening cock. I try not to move too much so that I won't wake Chrissy. Eventually, Tiffany begins to moan a little as I push the tip of my cock against her ass. 

I slide my hand down her body and she rolls a little so that I can reach her pussy. She moans again when I gently touch her clit and reach between us to adjust my cock to where she wants it, which is wedged between her legs and against her pussy. 

We play with each other for a while before her pussy becomes slick with a combination of my pre-cum and her excitement. She reaches between her legs and pushes the head of my cock against her slick pussy, which opens easily as I push into her.

I don't want to move too much for fear of waking Chrissy. Tiffany doesn't seem to care as her hips gyrate around my stiff pole. 

I jump when I feel someone touch my hip. I look over my shoulder and find Chrissy sitting up slightly, looking at me. 

"Are you inside of her?" she asks me with a very soft voice.

"Yes."

Chrissy kisses my cheek gently. "Do you mind if I watch?"

"No."

"What are you two discussing?"

"Chrissy wants to watch."

"Come on over here. You'll get a better view."

I feel Chrissy move away and then see her walking around the bed. She is wearing nothing but some small, silky underwear. I do notice a small, dark patch right at the area between her legs.

I thrust hard into Tiffany and she moans. She lifts her leg up to give me a better angle and then I start to thrust harder. Chrissy sits on the floor right in front of Tiffany. I see her chest rising and falling as she watches me fuck Tiffany.

Tiffany iss looking directly at Chrissy before she reaches out and pulls her in for a kiss. Chrissy kisses her back with the same intensity that Tiffany usually kisses me. 

"Slide back a little," Tiffany says her voice husky. We manage to slide back without losing our connection and Chrissy starts to climb into the bed. "Take your panties off first."

Chrissy looks at me, then lowers her undies. Her pussy is completely shaved and smooth. Chrissy puts one knee on the bed and Tiffany reaches between her legs and slides a finger along her slit. 

"Oh, she's so wet John." Tiffany continues to stroke her and Chrissy starts to moan. Before it gets too far, Tiffany moves her hand and lets Chrissy get into bed with us. The girls kiss again and Tiffany plays with Chrissy's pussy some more. Watching Tiffany play with Chrissy's pussy really gets me going. I reach around and play with Tiffany's tits. Her nipples are rock hard.

"Touch my pussy, Chrissy. Rub my clit for me," Tiffany says, panting. Again, Chrissy looks at me, but obeys. I feel her fingers start to rub Tiffany. Tiffany's head goes back and her body begins to shudder. She pulls her fingers from Chrissy's pussy and reaches around to grab my ass. Chrissy looks disappointed, but doesn't stop rubbing Tiffany's pussy. 

"Oh fuck John, fuck me harder. I'm going to cum." She starts to squeal and I feel her pussy spasm just before she comes. The double action of Tiffany's pussy and Chrissy's hand is enough and I begin to spurt into Tiffany. Tiffany's squirming dislodges my cock and my next shot hits Chrissy on the stomach followed by one on her leg.
