 I recommend reading the previous stories before reading on. All people in this story are 18 or over.

________________

My mobile phone rang on an early Friday evening. I didn’t recognize the number and answered it.

“Hello?” I greeted and queried at the same time.

There was silence, except for a few female voices quietly talking to each other.

“Shhh.” One of them said. “Andy?”

“Yeah. Who’s this?” I asked.

“It’s Keena. From Ms Moss’ class.” She said shyly.

My cock hardened at the thought of Keena.

“Hey, how are you? How did you get my number?” I said as I shifted my cock in my shorts, making it more comfortable.

“I’m good thanks. I rang Ms Moss and asked her for your number. I said I needed to ask you some questions that might help with a biology exam.” Keena said. “I hope that’s ok.”

“I don’t mind at all. What did you want to ask?” I said as muted the TV and sat back on the couch.

“Well. I was going to see if you wanted to come around to my place, and help me.” Keena said nervously.

“Are you parents ok with me coming around?” I asked.

“I’m over 18, and they’re ok with me inviting people around. And besides. They’re overseas on a business trip. Some sort of trade show.” Keena said. “Are you free tonight?”

I was planning on going out later for drinks with a few friends, but the thought of being with Keena, and whoever else was there, intrigued me.

“I don’t have any plans. I would be happy to help.” I said.

“Great. Here’s my address.” I wrote it down. “Want to make is about an hour from now? Is that ok?” She asked.

“Yeah. That sounds like a great idea.” I replied.

We said our goodbyes and hung up the phone. As I got ready, I looked up Keena’s address on the phone, her place was about 30 minutes away. I got dressed in some smart casual clothes, and headed out the door.

As I drove to Keena’s place, I wondered who the other girls were, and what sort of questions they might ask. I didn’t pay much attention in biology class, I hoped that I would be of some use.

I parked outside of Keena’s place. One other car was already in the driveway. Her parents must be well off, as the place looked like the front of a magazine. Large bricks towered up the two story house, with featured stone accents. The lawn was well maintained and lush. The garden hedges were manicured, as were the flowers and roses bushes.

I walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell.

“Coming!” I heard a girl shout out.

Moments later, Keena opened the door in a long pink shirt that was just long enough to cover her small petite breasts, and a pair of really small denim shorts. Her outfit accentuated her smooth light tan skin around her mid-riff and down along her slender legs.

“Thanks for coming tonight. We appreciate it.” Keena said as she opened the door and moving to one side, letting me into the large house.

“We?” I queried.

“Yeah. Phoebe and Anne are upstairs.” Keena said as we made our way into the house. “Would you like something to drink?” She asked.

“I’m ok thanks.” I said as we started up the stairs. “You have a nice place.”

“Thanks. Mum and dad won they’re own business and a few investments. They’re away for a few days.” Keena said.

Keena lead me down the long hallway. I admired her body from behind.

“Anyone else home?” I asked.

“My sister Karen is usually home, but she’s gone out with friends. Probably won’t be home til early morning.” Keena said. “Other than the four of us, no one else is here.”

As Keena lead me into a large bedroom with various posters and nik naks. On the left was the walk-in wardrobe and the en-suite. A king size bed on the right, where Anne sat, typing at a laptop. She wore a white lace corset.

Anne looked up from her laptop. “Hey Andy.” She said quietly.

“Hey Anne.” I said as I tried not to stair at her gorgeous body.

Phoebe entered the room from the en-suite wearing a sheer black shirt that clearly showed off her white bra and g-string underneath.

“Andy!” Phoebe said excitedly as she walked over to me and we embraced. Her breasts pushed against my chest.

There was a awkward silence. I looked at the three girls.

“How can I help?” I asked, breaking the silence. “What’s the exam about?”

The three girls looked at each other.

“Human anatomy.” Phoebe said looking back at me.

My cock grew harder in my jeans.

“Ok. Something I know a little about. Anything specific?” I said as I tried not to stare at the girls as they wore next to nothing.

Keena places her hand on my arm, and looked into my eyes and then down my body. “We’ve already done the female reproductive organ, now we need to study the male reproductive organ.” Keena looked at the other girls, and then back at me. “We figured you would be the best person to ask”. She said playfully.

I looked at each of the girls. “I’m happy to help.” I said, a little nervous about where this was heading with three gorgeous girls in the room.

Keena lead me over to her bed, and I stood at the edge. Anne put her computer to one side as Keena and Phoebe joined her on the bed. All three girls lay on the bed in front of me, eye level with my crotch.

The three girls looked at my crotch, and then to each other. Both Keena and Phoebe hinted to Anne, who was in the middle, that she should start. With trembling hands, she reached out, undid my belt, button, and unzipped the front of my jeans. I helped her by sliding my jeans down, and stood there with a pair of black boxers. The outline of my erection clearly visible. Anne was a little hesitant at first, but she placed her hand over my boxers and rubbed my cock through the fabric.

All four of us watched as Anne’s hand rubbed over my cock, making me very hard. Her hand then grasped around my cock though I still had my boxers on. Her small hand slightly jerked my cock up and down.

“That feels good.” I said as I looked at innocent looking Anne below me on the bed.

Of the three girls, Anne looked to be the youngest, and most likely the most sheltered upbringing. Keena and Phoebe naturally oozed sex appeal, and they had likely seen a penis or two, whereas Anne seemed very shy and this all seemed new to her.

Keena was laying on her stomach. Her head propped up by her left hand, while her right hand massaged her small right breast. After a little while, her hand shifted down to between her legs, and she let out a soft sigh as she lightly pressed her hips to her hand.

Phoebe was licking her lips as she watched Anne play with my hard cock. Without saying a word, Phoebe reached out with one hand and started to pull at the hem of my boxers, hinting that I should removed them.

Anne let go of my cock, and slowly I pulled my boxers down, making my cock bounce free. I removed the remains of my clothes and stood there naked in front of the girls.

To my surprise, Anne placed her hand onto my cock straight away. The softness of her hand felt great. Her hand stroked up and down slowly as she looked at the cock in front of her, and then up at me, as if to see if I was enjoying what she was doing to me.

“Mmmm. That feels so good.” I said to her.

Keena was now earnestly playing with her pussy. She turned over onto her back, and lifted up her ass as she removed her denim shorts and threw them beside the bed. Her pink g-string quickly followed the shorts to the floor. Keena’s head turned so that she could still watch Anne playing with my cock, while her legs spread out, with her right hand making a circular motion with her clit. Her soft moans letting everyone know that she was up to.

Phoebe continued to watch as Anne pleasured my cock. She now turned her body to lay on her side, allowing her hand to caress her breasts through her bra and top.

“You should put his cock in your mouth Anne.” Phoebe said softly.

“I agree.” Keena said as she continued to play with her pussy.

Anne stroked my cock a few more times, clearly working up the courage to put the cock into her mouth. She then slowly placed her mouth over my cock and placed her soft lips around the tip, as if trying an ice cream cone for the first time. She licked her lips, and then did it again. On the third time, she let out her tongue, and licked the underside.

She removed the cock from her lips and let out a slight giggle as she looked up at me. “I’m sorry. I haven’t done this before.”

“Don’t be sorry. I’m enjoying it.” I replied.

“Really?”

“Yeah. Keep going.” I said as I placed my hand on the back of her blonde hair.

Anne opened up her mouth and took more of my cock into her mouth, and then it slide out of her mouth.

“Try doing it like this.” Phoebe said as she came closer to my cock.

Phoebe looked up at me and smiled. Her hand replaced Anne’s, and then she lowered her mouth onto my cock, taking most of it in. Her head then bobbed up and down, her moist lips running up and down the length of my cock. The suction of her mouth made me harder and I placed my hand on the back of Phoebe’s head, begging for her to keep going. She kept sucking on my cock for some time as both Anne and Keena looked on.

Keena moaned as her body shook from the wave of her first orgasm. Her fingers stopped playing with her pussy for a short moment, and then her fingers continued.

Phoebe stroked my cock with her hand a few times as she licked around the head of my cock.

“Now it’s your turn.” Phoebe said as she looked at Anne and held out my cock to Anne’s mouth.

Anne placed her delicate lips around my cock again, this time more firmly, and glided them up and down the shaft. The sucking sound from her lips on my cock told Phoebe that Anne was following her instructions.

Phoebe took her hand away from my cock, and placed it between her legs, feeling the warmth of her pussy through her white g-string. She sat up on the bed and removed the sheer black shirt, allowing me to clearly see her bra and tits. She placed her hands on both tits and fondled them in front of me. A smile on her face as she did so. She then laid back on the bed, and placed her hand under her g-string and played with herself.

Anne was now working her mouth and tongue all over my cock, while her hand was holding the base of my hard member.

Keena was still watching Anne suck my cock as she continued to masturbate. She sat up with her back towards me, removed her pink shirt, which now made her completely naked. She turned on the bed and layed down with her legs and pussy at my end of the bed where I stood. Her hand went straight back to her pussy, showing me how wet she was. Her pussy was a deep pink colour which was a darker colour than her light tan skin. Her small breasts had well proportioned areolas, and her nipples stuck straight out.

Anne looked at her naked friend Keena beside her, then up at me. She didn’t say a word, but her hand pulled my cock to one side, guiding me to stand between Keena’s legs as they draped over the bed. Anne kept a firm grip on my cock with her hand as she held it at the entrance to Keena’s pussy.

Keena’s fingers parted her pussy lips. “Slowly.” she said as she looked up at me.

I pushed my hard cock into Keena’s pussy slowly. Her pussy lips parting, and wrapping around me. When I was about half way in, I pulled back out, leaving the head of my cock inside her, and then pushed back in. Her pussy was wet and tight. Anne let go of my cock as I started to slowly fuck Keena.

Keena’s moans filled the room.

Anne laid back on the bed between Keena and Phoebe. She closed her eyes as her right hand trailed down her body to her bare pussy that was covered by white lace panties. Her middle finger working her clit in a circular motion.

Phoebe watched as Anne played with herself. Her own hand was still rubbing her pussy, and then she slid her middle finger into her pussy and she began pushing it in and out, slowly at first and then more quickly. Her breathing becoming laboured.

Keena’s moans became louder. Her eyes were now closed and her head tilted back. Her hips lifted up towards me, begging me to go faster and deeper. I held on to each side of Keena’s thin waist and worked my cock in and out.

“Ohh yes! Ohh yes!” Keena said over and over as her hands gripped the bed sheets as she came.

I didn’t want to cum too soon, as so I slowed down my pace.

Phoebe matched her position on the bed like Keena with her legs over the side. “Come here.” she said as she looked at me.

I slowly withdrew my cock from Keena. Her eyes still closed as she caught her breath. I took a couple of side steps to my left and stood in between Phoebe’s legs. She held her g-string to one side with her right hand showing me her bare naked pussy, as her left hand rested behind her head. She looked down as I placed the head of my cock into her waiting pussy.

I pushed my cock into her. She definitely wasn’t as tight as Keena, but her body pushed up against me, wanting me to go deeper. As my cock disappeared into Phoebe, she moved her hips in such a way that all I had to do was hold on to her.

I looked down as my cock disappeared in and out of Phoebe’s pussy. My cock lubricated with her and Keena’s pussy juices.

My legs wrapped around me, holding me tightly to her.

Phoebe was laying down on the bed, and then she sat up. Her arms out to me, asking me to lift her up. I grasped her arms and lifted her to me. Her legs still wrapped around me, and then her arms around my shoulders and neck.

Her light delicate body wrapped around me as stood at the foot of the bed, holding each other as Phoebe bounced up and down my thick cock.

I had never had sex like this, and it was quite incredible.

Phoebe’s white bra felt soft against my chest as we kissed deeply and passionately. As Phoebe broke away from the kiss and bite at my ear, I looked over at Keena and Anne on the bed.

Keena had turned her body around and had gotten on top of Anne in a 69 position. Keena pushed Anne’s white g-string to one side and was now licking Anne’s smooth naked pussy. Anne was a little hesitant at first, and laid there as her friend licked and satisfied her pussy.

Phoebe was bouncing up and down on my cock as I held her. Her moans and screams in my ear. The juices from her pussy trickling down my legs. She arched her back and locked her fingers together behind my neck as an orgasm took over her body. Her gorgeous breasts arose and fell as she caught her breath.

After a moment, I laid Phoebe down on the bed next to Keena and Anne, with my cock still deep inside Phoebe. I slowly worked my cock in and out.

Phoebe looked over at Keena and Anne beside her. Keena was licking at Anne’s pussy, as Anne laid there, her eyes closed with Keena’s legs on either side of her head. Moans of pleasure escaping Anne’s lips.

Keena’s pussy was only inches away from Anne’s mouth.

“You should open your eyes and lick what’s in front of you Anne.” Phoebe said as she looked at Keena’s pussy next to her.

Anne opened her eyes and slowly lifted her head and licked Keena’s pussy for the first time. Keena let out a moan as she did so. Keena lowered her pussy onto Anne’s mouth, and the two girls explored each others pussy with their tongue.

Phoebe looked back at me with a smile, and then looked at my cock still working in and out of her pussy. Her right hand massaged her breast, while her left hand rubbed her clit.

I looked over at Anne’s completely shaven pussy, and how Keena was making it wet from not only her mouth, but also from Anne getting really excited.

Phoebe looked at me, then to Anne, and licked her lips as she looked back at me. “I think you should fuck Anne.”

Anne’s eyes were closed as Keena kept licking her pussy. It wasn’t till I had taken my cock out of Phoebe and placed the head of my cock gently at the entrance to Anne’s pussy that she realized what was about to happen.

Anne moved her head to one side so that she could see me. “Please go slow. I’ve never had a cock in me.” 

Phoebe looked at Anne, “Yeah, but you’ve had a silver bullet vibrator in you just before.” Phoebe winked as her right hand slowly played with her own wet pussy.

Anne hit Phoebe on the arm. “Only because you and Keena said it was for anatomy study, and you said you wouldn’t tell anyone!”

Keena was now licking the shaft of my cock as I held the head against Anne’s pussy lips.

I looked down at Keena and Phoebe. “What else did you put in Anne’s pussy before I got here?”

Keena stopped and looked at Phoebe, and then back up at me. “Just her own fingers... and then mine... and then Phoebe’s.” she said with a naughty grin on her face. “Now it’s your turn.”

Keena spread Anne’s pussy lips with her fingers. I looked around Keena to Anne laying on the bed under her. Her eyes locked on to mine, and then she nodded as she inhaled.

I slid my hard cock slowly into Anne’s tight pussy. She was definitely the tightest of the three girls.

My cock was about half way in, and then I pulled it out. It glistened with the juices of all three girls. I pushed it back in deeper. Anne spread her legs wider, and after a few more strokes, my cock was now all the way inside her. I held it there long enough for Anne to look down to notice my cock was deep inside her pussy.

“Oh fuck!” was all she said as she began to move her body under Keena, making her pussy slide up, down, and around my shaft that was still inside her.

Keena’s fingers and tongue were now on Anne’s clit and the base of my cock.

I looked over at Phoebe laying on the bed next to them. Her panties now lay on the bed next to her. The straps of her bra had moved off her shoulders to allow her left hand to rub and pinch at her nipples while her right hand rubbed her clit in a circular motion. Her eyes fixated on Anne’s pussy.

Keena held up her body with one hand, and played with her pussy with the other.

I’m sure Anne would have satisfied Keena’s pussy just above her head if her eyes had been open or if her mouth wasn’t the most amazing moans as she enjoyed the cock that was now inside her tight wet pussy.

Her moans became louder as she body began to shake. I slowly worked my cock in and out of her pussy, until her body clenched up as she came.

Phoebe came just after Anne did. Her legs spread out and bent at the knees.

Keena was close to cumming again. Her fingers quickly rubbing over her clit, her moans letting us know that she wanted one more orgasm.

Anne opened her eyes and lifted her mouth to Keena’s pussy above her and grasped Keena’s firm ass cheeks with her hands.

The sensation of her fingers rubbing her pussy, and Anne licking her pussy lips was too much for Keena. Her body quivered as she came, making it own to anyone in the house that she orgasmed.

After Keena had caught her breath, she turned over and laid on the bed next to Anne. She turned her body around so that all three girls were now looking down their gorgeous bodies to notice my cock was still inside Anne’s pussy.

All three of them looked as I slid my cock in and out of Anne’s pussy a few more times. When I felt I was about to cum, I withdrew my cock from Anne’s pussy, stroked it with my hand a couple of times, and let out long streams of cum all over Anne’s body.

The girls were shocked at the amount of cum I had covered over Anne. Keena and Phoebe wasted now time in licking the cum from Anne’s body.

As Phoebe worked down Anne’s body, she licked the cum from around Anne’s pussy, and then sucked on my cock to remove any remaining cum.

Phoebe looked up at me and smiled as she opened her mouth to show the cum in her mouth, and then swallow it. She then proceeded to fix up her bra and put her panties back on.

Keena and Anne started to get dressed as well.

I got the impression that the night was over, and started to get dressed.

Keena stood up in just her underwear next to me, and kissed me passionately. “Thanks for coming around and helping us study the male reproductive organ,” she said before kissing me again.
