 I am right when I figured I'd have a crazy week. The project I had submitted just before my vacation was accepted by the customer and now it is time to get things moving. After Judy and I wake up, we mess around for a while with Judy giving me a fantastic blow job and me orally bringing her to one more screaming orgasm. I make us both breakfast before she has to leave for work. She explains that her schedule flips each week and that this is her nine to five week. We make tentative plans to see each other, but my work gets in the way of those plans. 

I spend all day Monday on conference calls with the customer and then all day Tuesday setting up appointments with the vendors to get everything prepared. Judy and I speak on the phone every day which I think makes things even spicier. After starting with the usual pleasantries about our days, the conversations always end with some hot sex talk. It is usually Judy who starts telling me about some fantasy or hot dream she'd had the night before. I always finish the night jerking off in the shower, imagining her doing the same thing.

Judy tells me she has visited her doctor to get a prescription for birth control and that it will be a few weeks before she will safe. She tells me in great detail what that first night will be like and I almost burst the zipper on my pants. I start to think of some way to make it a special night and think about taking her away for the weekend. I have a few ideas, but decide to wait till we got closer to that time.

With the new project underway I spend most of the week on conference calls. And they aren't limited to normal business hours. I also have to organize the implementation team and make sure they have all the details. They are sent to the customer's site to get a feel for the layout and each night we get on a call to discuss minor changes. Since I have worked with these guys so many times everything goes smoothly. It is just extremely busy.

Wednesday morning I get a call from Heather. "Do you have any plans for this afternoon?" she asks before even saying hello.

"I may have to take a call at some point, but nothing planned."

"How are things going with your young hottie?"

"Pretty good so far. Why do you ask?" As if I don't know.

"I'm curious if you are off limits now."

"Would you be upset if I was?"

"Yes." I am a little surprised by her honesty. "I don't want to get in-between something good."

"What do you have in mind?"

"I was hoping for some help with a personal problem I'm having, but I'll understand if you say no."

"Let me talk to her about it first. But that means you may have to wait till tomorrow."

"I may have to take matters into my own hands if I have to wait much longer, but I think I can manage."

"Are you really that horny?"

"What makes you think that's what I'm talking about?"

"Aren't you?"

"Yes, but you don't have to be so blunt about it."

"I'll call you later tonight. I just have to figure out how to bring it up."

"I'm sure you'll think of something. You're resourceful that way."

That night while speaking with Judy I bring up the conversation I had with Heather. Judy is silent for a few minutes and I have the feeling I have I had just blown a really good thing. "I'll tell her no," I say quickly trying to fix things. 

"Promise me something first." 

"Anything."

There is a long pause before she answers. "You'll call me as soon as she leaves and tell me all about it."

Now it is my turn to be silent. Did she just give me permission? And she wants to hear about it? "Won't you be at work?"

"Well, how about this idea? After work I'll call you and you can tell me all the details."

"You're ok with this?"

"For now." I hear her take a deep breath before she continues. "You were seeing her before me and from what you've said about her, she is a really nice person. I'm not especially happy about it, but at least you asked me first and that makes me feel a little better."

"Are you sure about this? I like you a lot and don't want to mess things up between us."

"What did you say?"

"I don't want to mess things up between us."

"No, just before that."

"That I like you a lot."

"That's good enough for me. Have a good time and make sure you remember all the details."

"I will. Maybe you can give me some pointers on what I should do to her."

"You're asking for advice from me on how to pleasure another woman? That's bold."

"I bet right now you are sitting there thinking about it already. I bet your nipples are hard and your pussy is getting wet thinking about it."

"You're a perv, do you know that?"

"No more than you are."

"Well, you're probably right. You left out the fact that I'm sitting in bed rubbing my pussy already. And it is very wet. I may have to take out a toy to help me get to sleep tonight."

"Why don't you come over here and I'll help you?"

"I don't want to give you the impression I like you that much. Maybe I'm thinking about Heather instead of you. Do you think she'd like to lick my hot little pussy?"

"So you're hot thinking about her rather than me? I think I'm insulted." I pause and then add, "I'm not sure about her licking your pussy, but I'm sure she wouldn't mind you licking hers."

"Maybe I should call her up and see if she can sell me a house. Then she can help be break it in the way she helped you."

"I'll give you her number and you can ask her yourself. She thinks you're pretty hot by the way. She told me she thinks you are very sexy."

"Damn John, I wish you were here right now."

"Me too."

"I'm going to bed. Don't forget to remember all the details for me."

"You got it. Have a good night."

"You too." 

We hang up and I think long and hard about calling Heather. I really don't want to ruin things with Judy but she did give permission. And with her past, I wonder if she would be interested in meeting Heather. I called Heather and tell her the good news. 

"Oh shit John, are you sure about this? Judy sounds like an amazing girl and I'd hate to ruin it."

"She wants me to tell her the juicy details tomorrow night. I think she's cool with it."

"You're taking a really big chance, you know that?"

"Yeah." I wanted to bring up the conversation about introducing her to Judy but I don't know how Heather will take it. "She said she wants to meet you."

"Yeah, right. I think that's just a fantasy you're cooking up."

"I'm serious."

"I'll believe it when I see it. Just be ready for me tomorrow. I'll be there about ten."

"See you in the morning."

Right at ten the doorbell rings and Heather is standing there. She is dressed for sex and gives me no chance to admire her outfit. We don't even bother going into the bedroom. Within seconds of closing the door, Heather's clothes are in a pile and she is on the couch, legs spread wide and I am licking her already wet pussy.

"Oh fuck John, I've needed this desperately. Oh, lick me right there. Don't stop. Make me cum on your face." As much as she encourages me, I take my time. I find a certain spot that makes her absolutely nuts and that's when I attack her. Heather goes nuts and reaches down to pull my head tighter to her pussy. As soon as I can feel her start to reach her climax I pull back and find another spot to lightly tease. When she comes down again I attack that spot that makes her so crazy. 

After fifteen minutes of this she is cursing at me to finish her off. "Fuck John, stop teasing me. I need to cum so bad. I feel like my whole body is tingling. Just do it already." This time as I feel her approach her climax, I roughly slid three fingers into her pussy. That does it and she screams as her orgasm rips through her body. All she can do is hold on to the cushion as her body convulses repeatedly while I continue to finger her pussy and suck her clit. She manages one last scream before she can push me away from her. 

I sit back on my heels watching as she recoveres. Her eyes are unfocused, her chest is heaving and her body is twitching. She actually looks like a mess at the moment, slumped against the back of the couch, her legs still splayed wide. 

It takes her several minutes to recover and I go into the kitchen to get her a drink. When I turn from the sink she is standing in the doorway staring at me in amazement. "How did you learn to do that to someone?" She steps forward and takes the glass from my hand, takes a sip and puts it down on the counter. Her hands reach for my belt. She is still a little shaky to I help her and am soon completely naked. She takes my hand and leads me to the bedroom. 

I am already rock hard and she wastes no time getting me inside of her. Her pussy is like a swamp. I easily slide in till I feel our hips come together. "Now fuck me. Fuck me hard."

The bedroom quickly echoes with the sounds of flesh on flesh. She must still be very close to her peak because after just a few strokes she has a small orgasm which is followed quickly by a second bigger one.

"That's it. Fuck my pussy. Make me cum again. That's it you fucking stud." I keep going at a fast, hard pace and soon feel my balls start to churn. 

"I'm going cum, Heather. I can feel my balls start to boil. I'm going to fill you up."

"Do it. Fuck me till you explode." Her eyes roll back into her head as another small orgasm hits. "Oh shit you're fucking me so good." 

Just as her next orgasm starts I feet the cum erupt from my cock and I start to fill her up. The feeling of my hot sperm filling her makes her next orgasm even more intense and she screams like a wild animal. "Oh fuck John. That's it. Fill my pussy." 

I do exactly as she says and load after load sprays inside of her. A full week of dirty talk with Judy has built up a huge amount of tension and I take it out on Heather. We both become animals in the moment and I continue to pound into her, even after I have emptied my balls. 

Heather reaches down and grabs my ass to get me to slow down and I soon recovere enough to stop. I roll off of her and my cock slips out of her. I look down to where we had just been joined and see her pussy is a deep red color. The outer lips are huge and I can see a large blob of my cum at the entrance. 

We are both breathing hard and I lean over to kiss Heather. I realize it is the first kiss since she's arrived. We lie together for about fifteen minutes before Heather gets up. "Is it ok if I take a shower?"

"Of course." I follow her into the bathroom and she turns to look at herself in the mirror. 

"Boy, I really look like I got fucked hard, don't I?"

"You still look beautiful."

She turns and kisses me before stepping into the shower. I get her a towel before joining her. After washing each other and drying off, we get her clothes near the front door. 

"Do you think Judy would let me do this once in a while?"

"Maybe you should ask her yourself. I can introduce you if you'd like."

"Maybe, just not yet." She finishes getting dressed, gives me a kiss and left. I am a little sad she had left so quickly and I actually feel a little used. 

That night, after I'd had dinner, I call Judy, since I haven't heard from her yet. I only get her voice mail and became concerned that she doesn't want to speak to me. Finally around eight she calls me back.

"I'm so sorry, I completely forgot I had a meeting tonight. I wanted to call you and let you know but things have been crazy today."

"I'm just glad you called. I thought you were mad and didn't want to speak to me."

"No, not at all." She pauses and says, "Well not mad, just worried. How was your date?"

"A little crazy." I heard some weird noises in the background. "Are you home?"

"No, not yet. I just left the meeting and I haven't even eaten dinner yet. I got your message and wanted to let you know that I am ok."

"Good. Call me when you get home."

"It may be late when I get home though."

"That's ok, I can wait." I am curious about that. I figured she was just a few minutes from home. "Where are you exactly?"

"You should really put some curtains up so that people can't see what you're going to do to me tonight."

Call me dense but it takes a moment to figure out what she is talking about. It suddenly dawns on me and I run to the front door. 

"I was beginning to wonder how long it would take to open the door." For the second time that day I have a gorgeous woman attack me at my front door. Judy isn't quite as crazy as Heather had been, but she is a close second. Rather than just tearing her clothes from her body, we kiss passionately. The kissing goes on for a long time before we make our way to the kitchen.

"You must be hungry. Can I make you something to eat?"

"No, I just want to be with you. I want your last thoughts to be of me and not your other friend." She says friend a bit hostilely. "I want you dreaming about me and waking up tomorrow with a smile because of me." She emphasizes the word me each time

I step up to her and kiss her gently on the lips. "I would have done that anyway." Her eyes fill with tears and she pulls me tightly to her, our lips still in a kiss building with passion. Eventually we make our way into the bedroom and out of our clothes. After the morning I had with Heather, this is quite tame. We take our time with each other, starting with just kisses and caresses. 

I slowly kiss my way down her body till I am between her legs. She spreads them wide for me and I quickly have her squealing with pleasure as my tongue finds her most sensitive spot. As I did with Heather, I build Judy up till just before her climax before pulling back. Judy loves it. Each time her climax approaches she squeals and then moans as I back off. Before taking her over the edge I kiss my way back up her body and position my dick just outside of her moist pussy. She reaches between us and rubs the head along her slit till she is ready for me. Then I slowly push my way into her. 

Her pussy is still very tight and I slowly stretch her out till I am completely inside of her. We lovingly kiss without moving, just enjoying the feeling of me inside of her. 

"I want to be on top," she whispers. So I slowly rolled over till she is in the position she wants. "Play with my tits," she says as she starts to move her hips. "I'm going to ride you and you need to let me know when you get close. I can't wait for the pill to begin working so that we don't have to worry about stopping." Her eyes are filled with lust by now and her nipples are hard as pebbles beneath my palms.

She leans down to kiss me, trapping my hands between our bodies. Then she starts bouncing her hips and rides me good and hard. I can feel her loosening around my cock as her hips move faster and faster. I pulled my hands free and moved them to her ass as she bounces up and down. Spreading her cheeks I slide my finger up her crack till I find her little rosebud. It is mostly dry so I slide my finger closer to her pussy to get it wet. She is soaking wet by now and I moisten my finger before trying her ass again. 

This time I am able to get her to squeal as I push finger slowly into her ass. Her hips move faster the harder I push and she starts to bite me lightly. When my finger finally pushes into her she squeals loudly and bites my lip. I slap her ass with my other hand and she squeals again. I also feel her pussy tighten around my cock and when she slams her hips down her body spasms and she erupts.

Thankfully she pulls her head back as her orgasm tears through her because I was afraid she'd bite me too hard and draw blood. Suddenly I feel my balls tighten as her pussy grips me. I know I have to move fast and flip her onto her back, pulling my finger out of her ass just before she rolls onto my hand. I quickly pull out of her as I feel my cock spit out the first shot. It lands on her chest and neck. Judy was still feeling the full effects of her orgasm and doesn't react as my second shot hits her in the chin followed by a third shot that again hits her chest. I have a few more but they land harmlessly on her stomach. I sit back on my heels trying to catch my breath and watch as Judy does the same. Her chest is heaving and I again admire the size of her tits. They gleam from the fluid I have left on them, her nipples poke out and they are slightly red. 

I go into the bathroom to get a towel to clean her and when I come back in she is running her fingers through the pools on her stomach. When she sees me come back into the bedroom, she stares at me as she scoops up some cum and slowly puts her finger into her mouth. I moan as she sexily sucks the juice from her finger and my cock actually twitches. She does it again and this time opens her mouth to show me.

I am back to full hardness in record time and climb onto the bed with her. I get between her legs and start to go down on her but she pulls me up. "I want you inside me again."

I do as she requests and easily slide into her soaked pussy. She moans as I slide into her and we quickly got into a smooth rhythm. This time it is about being with each other. The urgency we felt earlier is gone and our fucking is gentle. We kiss just moving together and since we'd both had a pretty good orgasm we last a long time. Eventually Judy starts to make those familiar noises she makes when she starts to get close and soon she cums. I am still not close but I pull out anyway and lie next to Judy. 

"You never did get around to telling me about Heather."

"I think this was much better." Her eyes give away her happiness and we both contently lie quietly beside each other. Eventually Judy has to leave though so she takes a quick shower. 

"Are we still on for dinner tomorrow night?" I asked.

"You better believe it. Would you mind if I stayed over? I could bring Maggie with me and we can spend some time together without feeling rushed."

"I was going to suggest the same thing."

"There may be a small problem though. It's probably too much info, but I am coming up on that time of the month. I'm not sure how much fun it's going to be."

"It'll be nice just to spend time with you. I think the weather is supposed to be crappy, so maybe we can just rent some movies and hang out together. I think I may even have some games to play."

"It's a date then."

As it turns out, we are both right in our predictions, although mine is a little less accurate. Judy does have her monthly visitor (as she put it) and I am happy to see that she doesn't turn into the horrible creature my ex-wife used to become. 

My prediction about the weather is only partly correct. After the nice weather we had for the past week, mother nature decided to make sure we remember that it is still winter. Judy and I wake up Saturday morning relatively late to about a foot of snow. And it is still falling hard. I turn on the radio and find out even the weather people are shocked about the storm. They are predicting at least another foot of snow before the day is done. Judy and I realize that we are trapped in the house. We quickly do an inventory of what I have available and we realize that somehow we are going to have to make it to the store. 

I call around and find that the grocery store just outside the neighborhood is open. Judy didn't come prepared for snow so it is up to me. I find my snow gear and am happy to find an extra set of boots and gloves which probably belong to my ex-wife. In another box I find her old parka and some other gear, so I bring it into the house for Judy to try. Although the boots are too big, Judy is able to put on an extra pair of socks to make them fit better. The rest of the stuff fits well enough for her to come with me, even though I offer to make the trek myself. 

I have also found my old sled so that we can carry everything back and we are ready to make the hike to the store. It's incredibly cold and the twenty minute walk takes us about forty five. Both of our faces are bright red from the cold and we are glad to be inside. The place isn't as busy as I'd expected since most people probably don't want to make the hike and the roads as far as I can tell are not drivable at this point.
