 The hot summer sun was low in the western sky by the time she arrived in Paradise. Exhausted as she was after the full day's journey, Adeline walked directly to the hotel to get a room. "Last one available," the man at the counter exclaimed, although the building seemed eerily quiet. She signed the guestbook, handed over her $2, and followed his directions up the stairs and to the last door on the left. She unpacked her few belongings quickly, with just a few dresses to hang in the armoire, her intimates to stash in a dresser drawer, and a framed photograph of her family back home for the table by the bed. Her delicate finger caressed their faces one by one - her dear departed daddy, her momma who had so relucantly agreed to let her leave home, and her brother John, who would now be working the farm on his own.

Adeline was a few months past her 18th birthday, but she looked like a young girl again as she gleefully skipped over to the window and peered out to survey her new surroundings. She pulled back the lace curtains with one hand as the other reached up to release the clip holding her golden blonde hair, which now cascaded past her shoulders and down her back.

There was no way that a town called Paradise could be this sleepy before the sun had even set, she thought to herself, and made her way downstairs and outside to explore. She could feel the eyes on her body almost immediately as she stepped off the wooden porch of the hotel to the dirt below. She slowed and began to turn back, self-conscious and aware of her status as a young woman alone in a strange new town. But then she remembered - this journey was meant to be an adventure, a chance to see what new opportunities life might throw her way once she stepped away from the comfort and security of home.

She turned back again, clutched the fabric of her long blue dress in her hands so it wouldn't catch on her shoes, and made her way towards what looked like the center of the small town. By this time of the evening, most storefronts were closed up for the night - she passed the general store, the barber, and a leathersmith's shop. As she walked, she made plans for the following day, when she would seek out these very business owners in hopes of finding gainful employment. She wouldn't need much, just enough to eat and a little to put away to save for her future.

Soon, it was clear that the saloon was the center of the action on this evening in Paradise, with lanterns ablaze, raucous laughter, and the occasional man stumbling out the swinging door just as another entered. Adeline's heart raced with a combination of excitement and trepidation as she stepped through the door herself. Back home on the farm, there was no alcohol, there were no games of cards, and the only young men she knew were the farmers' sons on neighboring land. But she wasn't completely naive - she did have books, after all, and therefore a romantic image of the kind of lives that people might lead in a town such as this.

Immediately, there were men at her side, and those who couldn't reach her from across the room whistled and hooted. It didn't occur to her to be offended, but rather to introduce herself and tell her story. After all, perhaps one of these gentlemen, when sober again in the morning, could offer her a job. Before she knew it, she had been offered a chair at a huge round wooden table, and found herself in the midst of a card game.

"Well, thank you, gentlemen. My name's Adeline, I'm new in town."

"Why yes you are, miss, and what a lovely addition, if you don't mind me saying so."

"Should we deal her in, John?"

"Oh, my, no," Adeline replied demurely, "I've never played before!" And after looking at the bills and coins covering the table, she added, "And I don't have the money."

"That's no problem, sweetheart," a large man directly across the table shouted back to her, "You can owe us!"

A booming female voice surprised Adeline from behind, "Alright boys, that's enough. Can't you give her just a few minutes to get settled before you take advantage?"

The men laughed heartily and went back to their game as Adeline looked up and over her shoulder at a tall, rotund older woman with a motherly look about her. 

"What's your name, sweetie?"

"I'm Adeline, it's a pleasure to meet you," she replied, reaching out to shake the woman's hand.

"I'm Rose - Big Rose the boys call me. Pleasure to meet you."

Rose looked Adeline up and down, taking in her perfect figure, beautiful face with big blue eyes, and her lovely long blonde hair. Well, you are a cutie, aren't you! New in town, I suppose?"

"Yes, just left the family farm, hoping to find some excitement, and I'm looking for work, don't suppose you can help me?"

"Actually, dearie, I'm exactly the person you want to be talking to. For a young woman like yourself, I can be your best friend in this town. Let me show you around." 

With the older woman's arm around Adeline's waist, the two made their way past the card tables and the bar, and Adeline became aware that the building was much larger than was obvious from the entrance. Just past the bar was a large staircase heading up, but before going that direction, Rose showed Adeline into a huge parlor filled with action. A player piano was tinnily banging away in one corner, and the room was filled with several overstuffed chairs and sofas, with several attractive young women draped on each. Adeline was quickly introduced to each of them, an impossible sea of new faces and names to remember.

They then made their way upstairs to a hallway with several doors on each side, much like the hotel where Adeline had left her few worldly possessions. "Oh, I didn't realize the saloon was also a hotel?"

"Well, not quite," Rose replied, stepping aside as a man came out of one of the rooms, tucking in his shirt, and stumbled down the stairs. "See, each of these rooms belongs to one of my girls. I have one empty right now, if you're interested in working for me."

"What kind of work would I be doing?"

"Well, my goodness, you really did come directly from the farm, didn't you?"

"Why, am I missing something?"

"Follow me." Rose led Adeline into one of the rooms, pulled a chair away from the wall, and motioned for Adeline to press her ear up against the wall, so that she could hear what was happening in the adjoining room. Adeline immediately blushed at what she heard - a rocking bed, the moans of a man and the squeals of a woman. Inexperienced as she was, the sounds of sex in the next room nonetheless excited something deep within her, and she immediately realized what type of business Rose was in.

"I'll cut right to the chase, sweetie, this here is a brothel. I'll understand if you want nothing to do with this, but I can also tell you that it's the only way you'll make a decent living in a sleepy town like Paradise. I take good care of my girls, and I think you've got enough moxy to hold your own, not to mention the looks to appeal to the clientele."

Seeing that Adeline was still flushed and too embarrassed to reply, Rose continued, "It's mostly miners who are coming through this town. They can be rough around the edges, and certainly dirty after a day's work, but they're decent folks. Listen, why don't you sleep on it. If you're interested when morning comes, I can get you set up in this room here, with some new clothes and everything, by tomorrow night."

"Um, Rose? I'm just worried that I wouldn't know what to do. I mean, I've had the occasional roll in the hay back on the farm, but I don't consider myself experienced at all. What if one of these men asks me for something I don't know how to do?"

"Ah, so you really are that innocent. Well, listen, would you like to give something a try tonight, just to see how it goes?"

Adeline paused, but quickly decided she'd regret it if she gave up a new opportunity so soon after leaving home. After all, wasn't she hoping to learn what life had in store for her? "Sure, why not!"

"I like your spirit! Alright, you wait here, make yourself comfortable, and I'll be back in a bit. Don't you worry, you'll love it here."

Adeline only managed to sit on the edge of the bed for a few moments before she found herself drawn back to the edge of the room, to press her ear against the wall once again and listen. There was a different man in the room now, she guessed from the changed pattern of grunts, but the other sounds of sex were very much the same, and once again she felt a warm tingling throughout her body. Alone but very much aware of the action in the next room, one hand went to her mouth, where her breath felt hot and moist against her fingers. The other hand lightly traced the line of her breasts through her dress, her weight now resting against the wall as she listened. She was so lost in her own thoughts that she was unaware someone else had entered her room. A man's strong, tanned arms wrapped around her, his already growing manhood pressing into the small of her back. 

She melted into him as he pulled her towards the bed, reaching out with one of his long arms to close the door to her room. She turned to face him, and he smiled kindly when their eyes met. His arms encircled her waist, he pulled her close, and said, "Rose tells me you're her new girl, and you need a little practice tonight?" 

"Yes, my name's Adeline," she replied, surprised by the sultriness of her own voice. "I think I have a few things to learn before I start working here." 

"Well, that's why I'm here. Do as I say, and you'll be ready to satisfy just about anyone who comes your way." 

"I'm ready," she whispered, smiling up into his eyes.

"Take off your dress," he instructed, "and then kneel in front of me." 

She stepped back from him just enough to unbutton the fitted bodice of her dress, then let it fall to the floor, leaving her standing before him in just her cotton slip, which clung to her perky breasts and the curve of her hips. As she did this, he unbuttoned his trousers, pulled out his penis and began stroking it. She couldn't take her eyes off of it - although she'd fooled around with teenage boyfriends at home, she'd never actually seen a man's cock before. Her sense of awe as she watched it grow in his hand took her attention away from her bashfulness - and her passion and eagerness now overtook any nervousness that may have been remaining. She quickly dropped to her knees, looking up at him for more instruction.

"Wrap your hands around it, and then take the tip into your mouth." 

She did as she was told, mimicking his stroking motions with her hands as she wrapped her lips around the first inch or two. He put a gentle hand on the back of her head to encourage her motions, and she quickly got the idea, beginning to bob up and down on him, taking a few more inches in as she did so. Her hands now focused on the base and his balls, she began taking almost his entire length into her mouth, gagging a bit with each stroke. 

"Yes, Adeline, that's it - you're a natural! Keep going, faster now, faster!" 

She obeyed, and relished every moment of it. He reached down with both hands and squeezed her breasts through the fabric of her slip, and she squealed with pleasure as she continued to bob up and down, her long blonde hair bouncing against her shoulders with each motion. She needed no further instruction now, holding his full length deep in her throat as she sucked and toyed with his balls, then beginning a slower stroke. 

"Oh god, yes! Adeline, are you sure you've never done this before?" 

She looked up at him with her big blue eyes, and he knew he wouldn't be able to last much longer. He quickly pulled her up from her knees and tossed her to the bed beneath him. 

"Did I do something wrong?" 

"Oh no, Adeline. You did everything right. It's just time for us both to enjoy a little pleasure. Take off your panties." 

She reached down instantly, pulling up her slip and slithering out of her panties, tossing them to the floor. Standing above her, he took one ankle in each hand and lifted her legs straight up, exposing her tight, glistening pussy to his full view. Slowly, gently, he began rubbing his rock-hard cock against her pussy lips, until she gradually opened for him. She was already moaning and writhing below him under this gentle rubbing before he even entered her, but when he finally slid into her in one smooth motion, she cried out in a mixture of pleasure and pain. He filled her more completely than she had ever experienced, but fortunately the intense pleasure as he began to stroke in and out quickly replaced any remaining pain. 

She was so wet from the long build-up of excitement that his huge cock soon slid easily in and out of her tight pussy. Both were now moaning in pleasure, but he had yet another position in store for her before he would let them both reach their climax. After a few last thrusts, he pulled out, encouraged her to stand up, turn around, and before she could wonder what was coming next, pounded into her from behind. 

"Oh my god, yes! Please, faster!" 

He needed no more encouragement, and began pounding relentlessly, their motions against the bed pushing it up against the wall with a dull thud on each stroke. It was only a few moments more before they both reached orgasm, Adeline first, her pussy throbbing against his already-sensitive cock. A few seconds later, he pulled out of her and shot his load across her tight ass and lower back. She collapsed onto the bed below him, needing a few moments to recover, before jumping up again, throwing her arms around him, and covering his face with kisses. 

"Thank you, thank you, thank you!" 

"Oh no, Adeline. Thank you. You were fabulous. You'll have no trouble fitting in here." 

And with that, he quickly pulled on his trousers and left, leaving her alone in her room once again. Before it even occurred to her to put any of her clothes back on or clean herself up, Big Rose had returned. 

"So, I understand you are a natural at this particular activity! Think you'd enjoy doing that several times a day?" 

"Oh, yes ma'am, no question." 

"Alright then. Why don't you go back to your hotel for the night, and come back tomorrow with your things. This will be your private room, and I'll provide appropriate attire. You'll find the armoire full of new clothes by tomorrow evening. When it comes to food and drink, anything you want from the bar or restaurant downstairs is yours - just ask. I charge each customer $1, and 10 cents of that is yours. You are welcome to leave whenever you like, but if you don't mind me saying so, Adeline, I hope you stay a while."

"Thank you, Rose, you won't regret this! I'm a hard worker, I won't let you down!" 

*-*-*-* 

Within just a few weeks, Adeline was completely at home in Rose's brothel. She had befriended all of the other girls, her charm, easygoing humor and honest innocence winning over even the hardest of the older whores. And all she had to do to melt the guys working downstairs - the bartender or cook, for example - was bat those long eyelashes over her big blue eyes. She had everyone wrapped around her little finger, but was such a sweetheart that nobody thought to mind. 

She soon had several regulars, was building up quite a savings, and Addy, as she began to be called, was even developing a reputation for certain specialties. She took pleasure in cleaning up the miners - arriving at the brothel dirty from their hard day's work - wiping the filth from their skin with a warm, damp towel before going to work to pleasure them. Her sweetness and charm only added to her appeal - the fact that young, gorgeous Adeline wasn't simply a willing body, but a sweet, kind young lady, seemed to make the men even harder, faster. 

The bank manager came to see her once a week, usually on Thursdays, after his poker buddies had let him win the last pot in exchange for assurances that they'd get the loan they'd asked for, or some such thing. He usually wanted nothing but a blow job, as Addy had learned it was called, asking each time if he could shoot his load all over her face. She never minded, enjoying the feel of the hot, sticky goo on her skin just as much as the pleasure on his face as she seductively collected it with her fingers and fed it to herself after. 

There were her favorite miners, John and Gabriel, who particularly enjoyed the towel-bath she would give them when they visited, directly off the job at the end of the day. Both men were in their early 20's, just a bit older than Addy, and both quite handsome once their dirty denim dungarees were tossed aside. As she stood between them, naked, gently cleaning the dirt and grime from their skin, they would squeeze her nipples and rub her pussy, until she finally threw the towel aside and begged them to take turns plunging into her. 

Addy quickly became known for this willingness to take on more than one man at a time - something this particular brothel hadn't seen before. Rose was at first concerned about her safety, but once she realized she could charge the men even more for this particular pleasure, was happy to support Addy's newly-discovered talent and give her a bigger cut in exchange. News of this exciting novelty quickly spread, and business was booming. Rose even allowed her a luxury she had never considered for another girl - a day off. Without fail, Adeline spent each Sunday reading in her room and writing letters to her family back home. 

She shared what she could in those letters - about all the new friends she'd made, not mentioning exactly where or how. For example, she knew it would please her mother that one of her closest associates in her new town was the pastor. What her mother didn't know - that this pillar of society liked to suck on her tits while she gave him a hand-job - probably wouldn't hurt her. After all, as Pastor William explained to her so often, it wasn't really intercourse, and anyway, the good Lord knows we're all sinners. 

Only about six weeks off the farm, Adeline was not only a whore, she was finding great fulfillment in pleasuring two men simultaneously, multiple times per night. She offered whatever they desired: kneeling between the two, one hand on each cock and taking one at a time into her mouth; sucking one to orgasm while the other pounded her from behind; and even allowing one to penetrate her ass while the other fucked her pussy. 

There were mornings that she found herself so sore from the previous night's activities that she awoke early, crept down to the river, found a discreet location where she wouldn't offend any watching eyes, and stripped naked to submerge her swollen pussy lips, her red-hot ass cheeks, into the ice-cold water. Gradually adjusting to the frigid temperature, she submerged herself entirely, splashed the cold water onto her torso, gently kneading her breasts which had been grabbed and squeezed brusquely the night before. 

It was always a refreshing experience, healing rough skin and preparing her for more pleasure the next night. It also reminded her when she had done the same thing as a young girl - the day's chores complete, she would tear off her clothes as she ran to the river, jumping in and allowing the cold current to heal tired muscles and wash away the day's dirt. 

*-*-*-* 

It was into the midst of this happy routine that the news came - the best kind of news that can hit a sleepy mining town like Paradise. There had been a major silver strike. Within a day, the next announcement arrived - that Friday, to celebrate, the owner of the mine planned to buy the town out of its whiskey and its women. Every miner - including the dozens of new arrivals pouring into town - could have as much liquor as he could hold, and as much time with the women as he could consummate. 

Big Rose had been through a few of these boom times before, and was smart enough to quote a dramatically higher than normal rate to the mine owner. After all, an upstanding citizen such as himself had no idea what she normally charged, right? And she made sure that everyone knew about each of her girls' unique look or talents, particularly Adeline and her affinity for servicing more than one man at a time. Under the circumstances, especially once the men started drinking early Friday evening, that word travelled fast. 
