 This is a continuation of other stories in this series. I recommend you read the other stories before reading this one if you haven't already.

*****

Steph let out a laugh, her naked breasts jiggled just inches from my face. Her breath was heavy as she sat back onto my legs. My cock still inside her.

Looking over at Bec sitting next to me, her hair was a mess and she was panting. Mila gave Bec's pussy one last lick from the perineum to the top of her clit, and then looked at me with a wicked grin.

"You fit right in around here Mila." I said as I watched Mila stand up, lean over Bec, and kiss Bec passionately.

The sight before me made me rock hard again. While I watched Mila and Bec make out, Steph was also watching, and she involuntarily started to rock back and forth on my cock, sliding it in and out of her moist pussy.

I looked over at Sarah and Lisa. Both of them were sitting on the couch also watching Mila and Bec kiss. Sarah had her middle finger on Lisa's clit, and was making slow moving circles. Lisa's hands were on her large breasts, teasing and pinching her nipples.

After several minutes, Bec and Mila had stopped making out, and looked around at everyone watching them.

There was silence at first, and then everyone burst into laughter as we realized what had happened and the state we were all in. As Steph laughed, I could feel her pussy contracting around my hard cock.

Mila was now straddling Bec's legs, their pussies close together. Bec slowly fondled Mila's tits with her hands. Mila looked down at Bec in appreciation of what Bec was doing, and then looked at Steph, "Since you did the last dare, you get to choose the next person."

Steph licked her lips and turned her head to Bec, and then down to my cock which was still deep inside her, then back to Bec. "Truth or Dare?"

Bec looked at my cock disappear into Steph's pussy as she rocked up and down the length of my shaft. The words 'Dare' came out of Bec's mouth.

Steph's head looked around to the other couch where Matt was still passed out from too much alcohol.

"I dare you to suck Matt's cock until he cums, but don't wake him." Steph said looking back at Bec.

Bec licked her lips, and kissed Mila one more time before they both stood from the couch. Mila made her way and sat next to Sarah and Lisa, while Bec knelt down in front of Matt and worked her hand up and down his cock through his jeans.

We all watched as Bec made Matt's cock hard. Steph continued to slowly work my cock in and out of her pussy as her hand found its way to her right breast. Mila thrusted her hips up and removed her panties in one quick motion, and was now rubbing her clit as Lisa turned her head towards her and kissed Mila. Sarah's hand was not only rubbing Lisa's pussy, but also her own.

Bec undid the zipper and pulled down Matt's boxers, letting his cock spring free. Matt shifted in his seat, but was clearly out of it. Bec froze, waited for Matt to relax again, before placing her right hand around the hard cock and begin to jerk it and place the head in her mouth.

Steph's other hand was now on her clit as she started to pick up the pace as she moved her hips.

Mila, Lisa, and Sarah were getting very aroused again. They all stopped masturbating as Lisa removed Mila's bra and guided her to lay down on the couch. Lisa straddled Mila's face, as Sarah got comfortable between Mila's smooth legs. Sarah made her way up Mila's succulent legs by licking and kissing to Mila's waiting pussy. Mila placed both hands on the back of Sarah's head and held her to clit. Sarah's tongue was now deep inside her small tight pussy.

Steph arched her back away from me, giving me the chance to watch her body bounce up and down. My cock was at such an angle that it was now pressing against Steph's g-spot. Steph placed her hands on both tits. Her eyes were closed.

Bec continued to stroke the stiff hard cock in front of her with her hand, licking around the shaft, and placing it into her warm mouth.

Mila was fixed between Lisa's dripping pussy above her head, and Sarah, who now had two fingers working in and out of her pussy as Sarah's tongue flicked at her clit. All three of them lost in the moment, only Lisa was still watching Bec.

Steph's hips moved up and down, her tits moving in her hands.

The room was full of moans and sounds. Including my own as I held onto Steph's hips.

Steph was bouncing up and down, working hard on my cock, and after a few more thrusts, Steph's pussy tightened and she orgamsed with a loud moan.

It wasn't long after that Lisa started to moan uncontrollably, her body shook as she orgasmed, and then tensed up. Mila grabbed the hair around the back of Sarah's head and let out a scream as she climaxed with Lisa.

I couldn't hold it in any longer. I held onto Steph's hips and gave a couple of last thrusts, and came deep and hard into Steph's red raw pussy.

Not long after I came, Steph stood up and walked towards her bedroom.

"Where are you going?" I asked.

Steph didn't answer, but in less than a minute she was back in the lounge room with us.

Mila was laying on the couch with Sarah's head between her legs, working her pussy slowly with her talented tongue. Steph stood behind Sarah and produced a 5inch long silver bullet, and slid it up and down Sarah's pussy from behind.

Steph had only had the silver vibrator on Sarah's pussy a short while before she removed it and placed it inside her mouth as she began to suck and lick Sarah's juices off it.

Before she placed it back on Sarah's waiting pussy, Steph twisted the base to turn the vibrator on. Sarah could hear the hum of the vibrator, and placed her hand across her pussy and spread her labia, showing Steph what she wanted.

Steph slid the vibrator along Sarah's pussy before pushing it deep into her. Steph didn't push it in and out of Sarah's pussy like she would with a dildo, but instead let the vibrations do all the work.

Occasionally Steph would pull the vibrator out, and place it on Sarah's clit, and then slide it back in deep.

Sarah had stopped licking Mila's pussy and started focusing on the silver bullet inside her aching pussy. With one hand holding up her body, Sarah squeezed her breast with the other hand.

Steph knew Sarah was close to orgasm and slid the vibrator out and held it to Sarah's clit as she came with a shudder and a long and loud moan.

Bec's hand and mouth were still working on Matt's cock. She pulled the cock from her mouth and released her tight grip of the cock. Hot cum shot out into Bec's waiting mouth.

"You're the best at giving head Jo." Matt said as he caught his breath, his eyes still closed.

To be continued.