 It wouldn't be justice if I didn't admire my dear editor JackGates74. Thank you JackGates74.

*****

"Yes! You're lucky that you have friend like Jawad, Jawad knows how to treat a woman I am thinking what a slut you are, keeping him to yourself, fucking him daily and that you will reduce your fair, wear and tear on your ass and pussy if you share him with me, my sister." She laughed and continued, "I love his love and think how much I would love to be loved by him again and again."

One night after a long sex session with Shahida , the topic of Farzana came up. We were lying in bed together and Shahida turned to me and said, "You know, before you came into her life Farzana was completely sex starved." 

"Yes she was, but I hope I've helped her out with that." 

"Oh you have. If you hadn't come along I think she would have gone mad!" 

"I do my best...but it just brings me more fantasies." 

"What fantasies? I'll make them come true..." she grinned at me.

I hesitated, chewing thoughtfully on my lower lip, "Imagine Farzana with us and the three of us doing what you and I just spent the last hour doing."

She went still and stared at me, then finally said, "What the hell you are talking about?"

"Don't be mad at me...you're the one who brought Farzana up in the first place! All I'm saying is that you and I do it...Farzana and I do it...What if we all do it together? Just imagine you, me and Farzana all together in a nice big bed."

"It's too dangerous Jawad. She is my sister!"

As they were from a lower-middle-class family they had been raised very conservative so it was a strange concept for her to imagine both herself and her sister with the same man at the same time. 

"I think if you talked to her about it she might agree to try." I said.

"Maybe she would...but I have my own reservations."

"I'm sure that it would be a great experience for all of us."

"Are you serious? You want both of us at the same time?"

"I already told you that. Yes. I desperately want to."

"I don't know if she would agree to have sex with both of us at the same time."

"If you talk to her I think you could convince her to try."

"You're putting me in a situation that's sure to cause trouble." 

"At least you can try once."

"I wouldn't even to know how to bring it up to her!"

"Oh come on, we both know she's no innocent little angel. She's been sleeping with me for months and you yourself have watched us have sex! It's not like she can deny it."

"Why don't you try? Perhaps you'd be more persuasive than I would be."

That set the plan in motion and soon Farzana's husband went away on tour and as usual she asked Shahida to arrange a night for us. 

Farzana wore a blue shilwar and a tight qameez suit and looked beautiful. She'd also worm a tight push up bra that let her milky white cleavage spill out a little more than usual. 

Dinner with the sisters that night was fun. We chatted and laughed and the whole time Farzana was giving me those "fuck me" eyes. I was sure the children would notice but they seemed far too concerned with their own conversation. 

After dinner was finished the kids went off to lounge and watch TV while the three of us sat around the table talking. Finally Shahida got up to take the dishes into the kitchen, leaving Farzana and I alone. 

"You've been more quiet than usual since you came over tonight," Farzana said, leaning her head towards mine so that she could whisper seductively, "Is there a problem?" she asked sounding concerned, though I could see that mischievous glint in her sparkling eyes.

"No problem at all...I'm just incredibly turned on." 

"Oh? Because you're finally getting to sleep with me when it's been so long since your last visit?" 

"Yes, that's part of it."

"Well what's the other part of it?" she said sounding a little more serious. 

"Nothing that should put such a serious tone in your voice...I'll tell you once we're in bed."

"Ok...I think we should go to bed now then," she said with that glint back in her eyes. 

"Soon...but not just yet," I said grabbing her hand and pulled her in my lap, " 

She tried to pull away slightly, "What're you doing? Shahida is in the kitchen!" she said shyly. I made her stay sitting on my lap and whispered in her ear, "Doesn't Shahida know why you're here?" I kissed her, and then I looked at the kitchen door where Shahida stood staring us. She smiled and gave me an encouraging nod to proceed.

After the kids were tucked in bed, I made my way to the guest room. I turned off all the lights except a small nightlight, which dimly lit the room. I lay back on the bed and lit a cigarette as wild images of being fucked by these two beautiful women ran through my head. 

The fact that they were sisters made the fantasy even more maddening. I was worried that Farzana might get nervous and try to deny there was anything between us and leave...but at the same time I was incredibly excited about the possibility of what might happen.

I don't know how long I laid there fantasizing about these two beautiful and sexy sisters, but eventually the door opened and Farzana walked in and stood just inside the doorway. She had a smile on her face as she said, "May I come in?"

"Of course you can come in! Who do you think I was laying here waiting for?"

"I thought maybe you were waiting for Shahida ." 

That surprised me. Perhaps Shahida had mentioned my proposal to her once I left the room. I looked into her eyes and didn't see a hint in them that she knew what I desired to have tonight. I motioned for her to join me on the bed and we lay there kissing passionately until Farzana flung herself on top of me. Her thighs were soft and smooth against mine and I took the gentle weight of her happily as my hands moved up and down her back. 

Farzana lowered her face and placed her lips over mine. Our lips meshing, our tongues entwined, until I could feel that sweet tingling all through my body, even in my toes and fingertips.

Her breasts mashed against my chest as she kissed me. Our tongues sought each other's mouths and our bodies pressed together as one of my hands moved from her waist and reached for her shilwar covered plump ass cheeks, spanking each of them gently. 

I gabbed her ass with both my hands and pressed her even closer into my body. She thrust her tongue violently in my mouth and I sucked on it happily as I felt her grind herself down against me. 

"Farzana, you've got such a cute, soft ass"

"No, Jawad, I don't...it's too big." She pouted, turning her face away from mine. 

"No it's not! You have a great ass! Who says differently?" I demanded as I turned her face back to mine. 

"Shahida . She says my ass is too big and you don't like big asses."

"Oh really? Well it's not true, she could not understand me actually I meant that Farzana has big ass and this is why I like her ass." 

"It's not? But you fuck her every day and me only once a month or less! Tell me Jawad, whose body do you prefer, mine or Shahida 's?"

"I can't answer that..."

"Don't worry, I won't tell her!"

"You both have great bodies that I love to fuck...you are both beautiful and sexy, I can't pick one that's better than the other." I said. I thought that perhaps Farzana was jealous of Shahida 's regular relationship with me.

She sighed and seemed to give up on the topic and changed the subject, "Fine...you said you were going to tell me more about what your so turned on once we got to be." 

"Yes...I did"

"Well then tell me...I'm listening."

"I want..." I paused...I couldn't say it.

"You want...what? Come on Jawad, tell me."

"Promise me you won't be mad?"

"I promise, just tell me. You know I'd do anything for you." 

"I want to fuck..." 

"You do. You fuck Shahida and me...are you saying you want to fuck someone else too?" 

"No! Just the two of you...I was just wondering if...well, you know...I was sort of wondering if the two of you..."

"What?" she was now looked little confused?

"I mean both of you at the same time." I finally managed to say.

Farzana froze above me and was speechless for a long time, but she looked like she was giving a lot of thought to what I had just said.

" What? What do you mean?" her voice was strained. She was totally confused, "You aren't just kidding me, are you?"

"No, I'm not kidding. It's a big fantasy of mine. I love fucking her and you and have dreamt of both of you together." 

"Don't be silly. How can I do that with my younger sister?" Farzana said. 

"I assure you that you'll like it, and it will be really good just imagine: the three of us together. We would enjoy it with each other and it won't change our friendship or your relationship with each other."

I could see her thinking about it and finally she said, "I think it's very strange... are you sure you want this with both of us at one time? I don't want it to damage my relationship with Shahida . I'm scared that if we do this I'll be so embarrassed I won't be able to face her."

It was at that moment that Shahida opened the door and came in. She stood there looking like an angel with a wicked smile on her lips and lustful sparkle in her eyes. 

When Farzana saw her standing in the doorway she tried to move off me, but I held her tightly against my body. Farzana stared at me, turned and looked away and blushed. "Why'd you come in here?" she demanded. 

Shahida seemed to be frightened by her sister's harsh tone and said timidly, "I thought you wanted me to come in."

Farzana smiled at Shahida and said, "You're such a slut, come on then, join us." She turned to look into my eyes as she whispered huskily, "She's almost as big a slut as me."

When Shahida got to the bed we moved to sit beside her and an uncomfortable silence filled the room. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and broke the silence, "I think that we all know each other well enough that we shouldn't be sitting here like strangers." 

They both laughed and thus the ice had been broken. My hands circled both their waists and I pulled them closer into my body. I placed my mouth on Farzana's lips and we kissed passionately. Then I pulled from Farzana's mouth and pressed into Shahida 's. I kissed back and forth between the two women. My hands were rubbing their backs and soon all three of us were breathing hard. 

I grabbed Shahida 's hand, which was lying on her lap, and gently guided it to Farzana's breast. "Shahida , you're the youngest so take your sister breast and rub it for me." Shahida was still hesitating, "rub them," I said "Farzana won't slap your hand away and I promise she'll like it." 

I leaned forward and planted my mouth on top of Farzana's lips. As I kissed her I put my hand over top of Shahida 's and began to guide her hand over her sister's breasts. Soon she was moving her hand over her sister's breasts all on her own, rubbing and gentle squeezing them willingly. 

"Doesn't that make you hot, Farzana?" I asked. Farzana was flushed with lust and started to say something but stopped herself. "You should give something in return to Shahida , since she's doing such a good job of rubbing your breasts." 

"Yes, but what?"" Farzana asked me.

"At the very least you should kiss her."

Like a kid admonished by her teacher, Farzana immediately moved towards Shahida and kissed her mouth tentatively, but soon they were kissing passionately.

"Good job my girls. Now I think it's time to lie down and relax. We have all night to enjoy ourselves." I lay down in the middle of the bed and the two of them lay down on either side of me.

I opened string of their shilwar myself; I also opened string of my shilwar and reveled my cock. I grabbed Farzana's hand and brought it to my cock. She wrapped her fist around it and started gently stroking it. I then grabbed Shahida 's hand and placed it between my thighs on my balls. No one was shy now.

They were playing with my cock and balls while I began squeezing and fondling their breasts and pinching their nipples. After a while my hands shifted down to their shaven pussies. I cupped their pussies, feeling the heat of them and began slowly finger fucking both of them.

"Farzana! Why don't you suck my cock?"

"No...you know I don't like to do that."

"Please...will you do it for me?"

"I've...I've never done it before."

"Appi please, just kiss and lick the head with the tip of your tongue for Jawad." Requested Shahida to her sister. 

Farzana rose above me and stuck out her tongue to give my prick little licks that made me shudder. She kissed and licked my cock from head to base for few minutes, and then I said, "That feels amazing Farzana. Now, please take it in your mouth."

Farzana stopped kissing and licking my cock and hesitated with her mouth just above me as she looked up at me like a frightened deer. 

Then Shahida whispered, "Take it Appi, it's not difficult, you'll like it" I slid my hands down and filled my palms with Farzana 's firm breasts, rubbing them gently.

Farzana took head of my cock between her lips and I groaned involuntarily when I felt the hesitant touch of her lips over my cock.

The pleasure was so intense that I pulled hard on Farzana's breasts, making her cry out in pain, "Jawad! You hurt my breasts!"

"Sorry sweetheart, but you've got a great mouth and it felt so wonderful I couldn't control myself. I'll try to be more gentle." With that she opened her mouth and took my cock head into her mouth again. 

Soon Farzana's full lips were moving up and down over my cock. Her eyes were closed and she was concentrating hard on sucking my cock.

Shahida rose and moved in closer to watch as her sister sucked my cock. "Why are you just watching Shahida? Why don't you give me something to suck on while your sister is busy sucking on me?"

Shahida laughed and managed to push one breast up to my mouth. I captured her breast with my mouth, not merely taking in the nipple, but trying to take in as much of her bountiful breast as I could. 

I started licking and sucking Shahida 's engorged pinkish nipples, making them harder and pinker and noticed that Shahida 's nipples were pinker than Farzana's and that Farzana had bigger breasts than Shahida . 

Shahida whispered to me, "I've got two, do the other now."

I moved over to the other breast and sucked it in so deep that I could feel the nipple grazing against the back of my throat. 

Farzana was taking inch by inch of my cock in her hot mouth and was running her tongue over and over the bottom of it. She looked up at me and I could see that her eyes were full of lust. 

It was a strange and sensual moment; sucking on the breast that belonged to one sister and fondling the breasts of the other sister while she sucked my cock. The breasts in my hands were large and so soft and the breast in my mouth was not as large but very firm and taut.

Shahida went behind Farzana, who was positioned on her knees. Her ass was high and spread, so Shahida dropped to her knees behind Farzana. She spread Farzana legs and placed her mouth on Farzana's cunt. Shahida kissed Farzana pussy and swiped her tongue up and down her pussy lips. Farzana spread wide apart and raised her hips up in the air to give more access to Shahida to suck and lick her pussy. I watched as Shahida started licking Farzana's clit. Farzana was now on fire and was staring me and I could see the spark of lust in her eyes as her sister licked her hot cunt and clit. 

"How does it feel to have your sister licking your pussy?" I asked as I watched. "Feels good," Farzana gasped. "Do you want me some where?" 

"Yes, I need you inside me, now!"

"Then why you don't climb up on me?" She smiled impishly; rose up first knelt on her knees with my cock jutting up against her pussy. She took my now fully erect cock and positioned it beneath her at the entrance of her pussy, which was soaking wet with her own juice and Shahida 's salvia. 

She reached down to open her cunt lips using her fingers to open it wide. She slowly lowered her pussy to take my cock inside her hot cunt. Her mouth opened and her eyes closed as I entered her.

"Is this what you want?" I asked her and she moaned and shook her head "yes" and slowly lowered farther onto my cock. She was wet and ready and I slipped easily up to the hilt inside her hot pussy. 

She then lowered herself onto my cock and proceeded to slowly rise up and then lower her hot pussy down hard on my stiff cock. It was delightful; it felt like my cock was surrounded with a warm, smooth clamp as she began riding me. I moaned and said, "Farzana, you feel so tight tonight, what did you do?" 

"I'm no more tight than usual, but your cock has swelled more than ever!" She was bouncing up and down over my hard cock as if she was on a bucking horse. I couldn't just let her do all the work, so cupped her jiggling breasts in my hands and massaged and squeezed the nipples and started to pump repeatedly up into her hot pussy. 

My hips began to thrust up and down as if of their own volition and I could feel her pussy expanding and contracting around my cock, milking me continuously as she fucked me. When she went down, she would tighten and when she lifted up her pussy muscles would grip my cock tightly. Farzana's pussy was flowing freely as we kept fucking.

Shahida was now relaxed and all her inhibitions gone as she cheered me on. "Fuck, my Appi, Pound her pussy and make Appi cum over and over again. Fuck her hard. Make her scream!"

"Oh you fucking slut. You don't know how fucking good this feels!" I cried out looking into Shahida 's eyes as she sat beside us on the bed, watching her sister ride my cock. I saw a gleam in her eyes and she turned around slowly behind Farzana and knelt. Shahida placed her hands playfully on Farzana wide hips, looked over her shoulder with a big grin and winked seductively at me.

Shahida kissed Farzana's hips and then suddenly Shahida spit in Farzana's ass and then grabbed one breast and pushed it into her sister's ass crack. 

"What the hell are you doing, Shahida?" Farzana asked between moans. Shahida laughed a low throaty laugh. She sounded sexy and sultry as she said, "We're trying to give you double fuck Appi, just to give into the pleasure, Appi!" 

"Don't tease me, you little whore!" Farzana moaned.

"Your just loving this isn't you Appi?" Shahida said.

"I am loving it! Do to me whatever you two want!" Farzana said in a low, soft voice. 

Farzana paused and lifted her ass for Shahida , who began shoving her nipple into her sister's hot ass.

"I can't believe what happening. Its all like a dream!" 

"There's more to come, Farzana, this is just beginning" I smiled.

I pulled Farzana down to me and kissed her lips, urging her to open her lips before sliding my tongue inside her hot mouth with my hands on her hips to move her up for Shahida . She sucked on my tongue without missing a beat. Our thighs slapped against each other as we fucked.

Farzana was bouncing up and down over my prick. While Shahida was fucking her ass with her hard nipple, I was kneaded both her breasts. It was incredible to be with both of them at same time. I couldn't control myself and cried out, "Take my cock, Farzana, ride it. Fuck me hard. Farzana, your pussy feels so good!" 

Farzana was sliding her hungry pussy up and down on my rigid cock as a new idea came to me. I slid my hand between our thighs and searched for her clit. I began to twist and manipulate her hard clit and started rubbing my finger up and down the length of her slit. Her hair was flying wildly over her head and covering her face.

Farzana's juices started flowing down my legs, indicating her own massive orgasm, and I drew my lover down into my arms and kissed her wine-colored lips passionately. I patted Farzana's head as she rested on my shoulder and I looked back up at Shahida . 
