 I didn’t have a lot of close friends in high school. I was 18, a senior, and I spent a lot of time with my cousins, and the older men that I dated. I fooled around with some high school guys, but only when I just needed a hard cock. One weekend, I went to a football game with some girls I was friendly with from school. The girls found out about a party that night, and asked me to go with them. I really did not get into high school parties, but I didn’t have plans, and figured the party would beat sitting around my house playing with myself.

We met at one of the girl’s houses, and headed to the party. I was wearing a tight black sweater, and panted on jeans. I knew my ass looked really good. The party was ok, there were a lot of people I knew from classes. They were all asking me what I was doing there. They had rarely seen me socially. I told them I was there for the beer, which was mostly true. 

I got into a drinking game called Mexican, I can’t remember the rules of it but two dice were involved. It was a blast. There were 8 people playing, two other girls, and five guys from the football team. Three of the guys were cute, one was the quarterback, and the other two cuties were runningbacks. The other two guys were linemen; they were ok looking, but not in great shape like the other guys. We all started picking on the two girls, when you won the dice roll; you picked the person to drink the whole glass of beer. It was an 8-ounce glass, and these two girls were young, and not too experienced in drinking.

After a while, they both excused themselves, and ran for the bathroom. If you are going to play, be prepared to pay. The game went on for quite a while; none of us were feeling any pain. The girls I came with said goodbye, and left. Eventually, the two linemen left, leaving just myself, and the starting backfield. 

I decided it was time for a new game. I told the fullback, Joe, whose house it was, to get a deck of cards. I announced “we are going to play strip poker, if you guys have the balls for it?” The guys looked at each other with nervous grins, and the QB, Peter, finally said, “sure”. We decided to start with an even amount of clothing. Each person could have 6 articles of clothing. I had on my shoes, socks, pants and sweater. Frank, the runningback, asked me how come I still had on my shoes. I told him, “if you are lucky, you might just find out. I promise you, I only have 6 articles of clothing.” 

We were all pretty loose, and the game began. Being a tomboy, and having a close relationship with my dad, I knew how to play poker, and am pretty good at it. After a couple of hands, Peter was down to his pants and underwear, as was Frank, and Joe, who obviously had played some poker, had his shirt, pants and underwear still on. I had removed just one shoe. The guys were looking pretty scared, so I figured it was time to lose on purpose. 

It was amazing, I lost the next three hands, and was down to my pants and sweater, one more loss, and the boys were going to see some skin. After a couple more hands, Peter and Frank were down to their underwear, and Joe was in his pants. 

They all had really nice muscular bodies. Peter the QB, was 6-2, 170 pounds, red hair, really cute. Frank, the RB, was the best looking of the guys. He was about 5-11, 190 pounds, nice chest and arms, with blond hair. Joe, the FB, was a real stud, 5-10 210 pounds of hard as a rock muscles on top of muscles. Brown hair and big brown eyes.

Joe lost the next hand, and I could tell by their nervous looks, that they were unsure if they could go on. I decided if I was going to get some action, that I would have to take charge. I lost the next hand. You should have seen their surprised looks, when I removed my sweater, and wasn’t wearing a bra. They all had stupid looks on their faces. I said, “cmon guys, don’t tell me you have never seen breasts before?” Joe spoke up and said, “yeah, we seen them before, but never thought we would ever see yours. You never come to our parties, or hang with us. We just thought you were stuck up, and too good for us.” I smiled, and said, “nah, I just usually hang with a different crowd. I’m not any better or worse than any person” 

I then lost the next hand. The guys’ eyes were really big, but when I pulled my pants down, they saw what was probably the first shaved pussy they ever saw. I purposely bent over to place my pants on the floor, showing them all my ass in its glory, with my puckered rosebud winking at them. They were speechless. I told them that I wanted to continue the game. That since I was naked, they should give me a chance to see them naked. Joe spoke up and said, “but you don’t have any clothes left, what do we get out of it if you lose.” I thought about it, and said, “if one of you wins, I will have to do whatever you want me to do. Is that fair?” They all nodded yes, and somehow, wink wink, I lost the next game. Frank won, so I asked him,”well, what do you want me to do.?” He said, “I want you to give all of us blowjobs.” I said, “oh, I can’t do that”. Peter said, “hey, you lost, its time to pay up” I reluctantly, (yeah right), agreed. I told them to line up in front of me, and to drop their drawers. 

I was now on my knees, in front of three young studs, hardening cocks in front of me. I took Franks cock and placed it in my mouth, sucking his shaft, licking his head. He had a nice thick cock, 8” inches long. I took Joe’s cock in one hand, it was as long as Frank’s, but not as thick, and Peters cock in my other hand, it was close to 10”, and his thickness was somewhere in between Frank’s and Joe’s. So there I was, sucking on Frank’s cock, and stroking Peter and Joe. I would alternate between their cocks, sucking on one, and jacking off the other two. 

I decided after a while that it was time for the boys to cum, I started working on Franks, and after some strong sucking and stroking of his cock, he shot his load in my mouth. I then went to work on Peter, he couldn’t believe I could deep throat his cock. None of the other girls at school could come even close, but there I was, my nose being tickled by his pubic hair. I could tell he was close, so I started stroking his balls with my fingernails, and he erupted with a huge load into my mouth. It was now Joe’s turn. I started sucking him for all he was worth, and when he was close, I stuck my finger into his asshole, and he promptly deposited his sperm into my throat.

After a little break, and a beer to wash down their cum. I announced we were going to play one more hand. If the guys won, they could do what they wanted to me, if I won, they were mine. They quickly agreed, not having any clue, that win or lose, there was going to be some hot fucking happening soon. I won the hand. I told Peter to lay on his back on the ground. He did, and I slowly mounted him, my pussy impaled on his long cock. I told Joe to get in front of me, and I started jacking his cock with my hand, and licking his shaft up and down. I then told Frank to get behind me, and find an opening. He asked me if I was sure and told me he had never fucked a girl’s ass. I told him that I loved having a cock in my ass, and that he would love it too. He placed his monster at my asshole, and his head popped in. I heard a low groan, and he then slowly slid inside of me. 

I was having my first gangbang, and it felt better than I even imagined. Frank was trying to be gentle, I had to tell him, and the other two, to fuck me hard, use me, do whatever felt good. So the boys started pumping at me hard. It was an unreal feeling, being sandwiched between three muscular young studs, my holes completely filled and stretched like never before. Cocks sliding in and out of me at blinding speeds. I was glad that I sucked them off beforehand, because these young studs really lasted a long time. Frank was really riding my ass hard, I had never had such a thick cock in my ass before, but I was loving the feeling. Frank came first, shooting deep inside my ass, Joe wasn’t too far behind, and fucking my face like it was a pussy, his cream flowing down my throat. The boys pulled away, and I started riding Peter like a filly in heat, my ass cheeks slamming down on his thighs. He didn’t last much longer, filling my pussy up with his love juice. 

I collapsed on top of him. I was spent, what a night. I figured I would get dressed, go home, and take a nice warm shower. I guess the boys had other plans, I felt a cock slide into my asshole, it was Joe, and he just started fucking me hard. He slid in and out of my ass easily, since it was lubed up with Frank’s cum. I grabbed Frank’s cock, and placed it in my mouth, tasting a yummy mixture of his cum, and my ass. I can’t help it, I know its disgusting, but I get so turned on by the dirtiness of sucking a cock after it’s been in my ass. Peter had gotten a new hard on, and was banging my pussy from underneath. The boys had a good rhythm going, and I was back in heaven. Joe didn’t last too long, I guess his first ass fuck was too much for him, and he blew a load deep in my nether region. I started sucking Frank for all I was worth, and he gave me his creamy gift, which I heartily gulped down. 

I told Peter to pull out, and fuck his first asshole. He happily climbed out from under me, and slid his long pole into my ass. When he shoved his cock all the way inside, I felt a pain like I had never felt before, he was so deep inside my ass. I relished every second of it. I had Joe come place his cock in my mouth, so I could clean him up, and while doing so, Peter blew his load in me. I then cleaned Peters cock, gave the boys a good bye kiss, and went home to take a long bath.