 Sīno Vagīnos was an all girl band that started as a joke when some friends and I were taking a music appreciation class together at UC Santa Cruz. There was a part of the class that covered Asian opera ...Japanese Noh drama and stuff like that. One of the things the professor taught us was that the singers in these operas used to go out of their way to make their voices unnatural sounding -- like the sound of someone howling in pain, or cats humping.

He played us some examples and we thought it was riot. That night in our dorm we were drinking wine spritzers and having a blast trying to imitate the sounds we'd heard. Somebody made the joke that, in order to get the right responses on stage, the singers probably had midgets standing under their long billowy robes, tweaking their genitals at the right dramatic moments.

Then we tried singing together like a bunch cats fucking. 

In the middle of one our fits of laughter, one of us suggested that we start a band. When the laughter died down someone else responded, "Why not? After all, we're all music majors. If we can't put together a decent band we're a pretty sorry lot of musicians."

This happened back in the 1980s when punk rock was new. The Sex Pistols, The Ramones, The Dead Kennedys were all becoming popular. "We have to do something wild -- to make us stand out on stage," one of us said.

There were three of us. We were all first generation Chinese Americans and had hooked up with each other in school because of the cultural bond. Xiaoxia and Hui, whose American names were Cindy and Erica, both played violin. And me, Emily (Mei-Zhen), I played piano. The first thing we'd need to do would be to get Cindy and Erica up to speed on rock instruments. Cindy already played a little guitar so she chose that. Erica chose the bass.

It was gonna be fun -- a pressure release for three Chinese girls who'd been repressed by their parents for the past 18 years. We figured we'd play at parties, maybe even a local club, if we could get in. It would be a great outlet.

But music was only half the requirement. We needed an act -- like the punk bands. Lots of flash.

I don't remember where the name Sīno Vagīnos came from. Probably from another night of partying in the dorms. Sīno is an alternative way of saying Chinese (from Greek I think). And vagīnos is, well, vaginos ...our little way of modifying the word vaginas. So we were the "Chinese Vaginas." That meant sex. And that meant we would need to incorporate sexiness into our act.

But first things first. The task at hand was to get together a couple of sets of music. We gave Erica a few weeks to find a cheap bass and get up to speed. The funny thing about the bass is that it's tuned the exact opposite of a violin, so Erica just had to think backwards. Plus punk rock isn't exactly Mozart. It's mainly just pounding away on one note hard and fast ...sort of like sex. It was fun seeing her shake her head and rock her hips back and forth. Erica was the shyest of us three so it was entertaining to watch her come out of her shell.

Since we were all in the music program, we were able to use the practice rooms at school. As we began to rehearse, it became apparent that we needed to find a drummer. We already knew this, but with just the three of us it sounded really thin. We needed a drummer immediately!

We tried finding someone on campus, but all the drummers were guys and we wanted to keep it an all girl band. So we decided to put up a flyer on the bulletin board down at the local music store. 

"WANTED: Drummer for all girl punk band." Simple enough.

The weird thing was we still had a few guys call us up. I dunno. Maybe they thought playing in an all girl punk band would be a good way to get themselves laid. But "all girl" meant "all girl." Sheesh.

We auditioned a few drummers. One was an older woman in her thirties. She was kind of an old hippie ...a holdover from the 60s. She wore a floor length granny skirt and had her hair in a long braid. Her name was Alita Rose. Not punk material.

After a little more trail and error, a girl named Kelli Lee gave us a call. When she told us her name (Lee) on the phone we thought she was gonna be Chinese. However, she was anything but. She was a big robust blonde chick with spiky hair. She wore all black. Black eyeliner and nail polish. Combat boots. A punk all the way.

And when she hit the drums, it was like we were a whole new band. It was so much easier. It was like Kelli was this huge engine of sound and we just rode on top of her. 

And the contrast of her being this big white chick actually worked. There she was, perched behind her drums, looming large behind the three petite Chinese girls. 

The only two things about Kelli that made us hesitant were that she smoked cigarettes and she was a lesbian. She was very up front about both. With the smoking, the first time she pulled out a cigarette we told her she couldn't smoke in the practice room -- she'd have to go outside. She was fine with this. None of us smoked but we figured we could handle it.

As for her being a lesbian, well, when she described some of the other all girl bands she'd been in, it became apparent.

Cindy was the only one of us who had a boyfriend at the time. His name was Alan. In order to make it clear that she was straight and that this wasn't THAT kind of all girl band, she started talking about how she had to get ready for her date that night, that Alan was real anal about being on time, etc. Anyway, Kelli got the message.

Some of our music was real experimental. We did this one thing we nicknamed "Caw." You know, like the sound crows make. I started it with this synthesizer loop that went up and down like a science fiction version of a slide whistle. Behind it, Kelli was doing a free form thing on the drums. Then we'd each come in with our caw sounds. We'd stretch out the syllable so it mimicked the synth. cawWWWWwww, CaAAAAwwww ...each of us taking a different tonal range. It was supposed to be reminiscent of the cats fucking, Noh drama sound. Then, WHAM, we'd go into a fast beat. Erica would start pounding the bass and Cindy would riff on the guitar.

We'd sing the lead in unison. It was sort of a rip off of Black Sabbath's Paranoid. The Lyrics started like this.

Don't just stand there looking dumb Get on your knees and make me sigh Breathe my secret fragrance in Let your imagination fly

Pretty kinky. Other originals we did were: Crash the Party, Open Rebellion, and Bad Chinese Girls (a frenzied interpretation of Donna Summer's Bad Girls).

And then we did some covers as well, mostly girl band stuff (Walk Like an Egyptian, Call Me) and then some random things like Psycho Killer and Simply Irresistible by Robert Palmer.

Kelli sang that one. When she joined the band she said that was the only song where she could sing and play drums at the same time. Cindy and I sang lead on most of the songs. Erica was too shy to sing lead, although we did finally get her to take one of the verses on Walk Like an Egyptian.

The Lesbian thing with Kelli didn't really bother me. But there were times I would catch her checking out the other girls when they weren't looking, especially Erica who was so cute playing her bass like she was humping the thing. I suppose Kelli probably checked out me as well. To me, it was more amusing than anything.

We got our first gig at the end of the winter quarter. It was a party at Porter College. There were going to be three bands playing. We were to go on second.

It was Cindy who got us the gig. I remember when she came into rehearsal totally beaming. "We got a gig! We got a gig!" she said all breathless.

We all gave a big cheer and began hugging each other. Kelli actually picked Erica off her feet and gave her this bear hug. Then, when Kelli turned to Cindy, there was this awkward pause. (Cindy was turning out to be a bit of a lesbophobe.) Cindy gave Kelli a kind of A-frame hug so their thighs and breasts wouldn't rub. It was funny actually. 

Our attire for the gig was black cocktail dresses with low necklines and high hems. And then, for the punk effect, we streaked our hair and wore ankle boots. We looked good. Kelli of course stuck with her butch commandant outfit. It all worked.

The dinning hall at Porter was packed on the night of the gig. The weather was turning warm and everyone was done with finals and ready to party. 

The first band that played was a ska band with a horn section. The crowd was dancing, digging and swaying to the music. Hearing them play and watching all the dancers, we got nervous about how we'd go over. 

We'd all performed before. From birth it seemed. Piano and violin recitals. Erica had even been accepted to Juilliard. She'd gone through the battery of auditions in front of some of the best violinists in the world. She wasn't able to go because of the money, but she'd been accepted, which is huge. We'd all been through the pressure of being raised to be great classical musicians. But this was different. This was about us. There was some newly discovered part of our spirits invested. This wasn't our parents' dream, it was ours. As stupid as the idea for the Sīno Vagīnos may have been, it was our idea.

"Don't be nervous," came Kelli's strong voice as she walked up behind us. "We're gonna kick ass."

I was surprised to see that Kelli had brought a guy with her.

"This is my brother Zack."

Zack looked a lot like Kelli except without the black make-up and the edge. He was also male of course. He had curly dark blonde hair that flew in all directions. He wore a leather jacket and jeans and had a big smile on his face. He looked like he was having a good time.

"He came down from Berkeley to hear us."

We all responded to the word Berkeley like three typical Chinese, "Ah, UC Berkeley," Berkeley being the educational Mecca for all middle class Chinese in California.

"Yeah, law school."

"Ah, law." We fawned like a bunch of idiots.

"According to my watch, we got about an hour before these guys are done. I'm gonna go for a smoke," said Kelli.

Even though none of us smoked, it sounded like the thing to do, so we all went with her.

We walked to Kelli's van that was parked down in a dark loading area behind the building. 

"After I unloaded, they told me I could leave my van here."

We all piled in and shut the door. The back of the van had no seats, so we all took off our shoes and sat on the shag-carpeted floor. With our short little dresses on, not wanting to give brother Zack crotch shots, we all sat along the side, with our legs extended across the width of the floor. This left very little room for poor Zack to sit. He finally positioned himself cross-legged on the floor behind the passenger's seat. Kelli sat in the passenger's seat and shuffled through the glove box. 

Zack put his elbows on his knees, laced his fingers together, and rested his chin on them. He looked down at our legs extended across the floor, studying the hills and valleys of golden thigh cleavage.

Kelli suddenly spun around with a joint between her lips. She lit it and took a hit. We watched her with opened mouths and wide eyes.

As she exhaled, she said, "I said I was goin' for a smoke. I didn't say what I was smokin'."

I think all of us had probably tried pot. I mean it was college, but none of us smoked regularly, at least not that I knew. She passed the joint to her brother who also took a big hit. He then offered it to Erica who was sitting closest to him. I was surprised to see that she didn't hesitate. She took a hit and offered it to Cindy who declined. 

"You guys know we have to play tonight, right?" Asked Cindy.

"Of course, we know." I said and reached across and took the joint from Erica. I took a hit and passed it back to Erica who gave it to Kelli. I held the smoke and felt it expand inside me. It finally got to me and I coughed a little and let it out.

After another round, I felt extremely buzzed. It made me fidgety. I was getting really uncomfortable sitting with my legs outstretched.

"Fuck this," I said and swung my body around and positioned myself against the back door, placing the bottoms of my feet on the floor, exposing my panties to the entire crowd.

The joint was now back to Zack who took a hit and handed it to Erica. His eyes went right to my crotch. When he saw me catch him, he quickly looked away. It made me giggle.

A moment of silence passed.

"I got an idea," I said.

"What?" asked Cindy.

"When we go on stage, let's have our panties off."

"Woah! Fuck yeah!" shouted Kelli.

"Are you serious?" asked Erica with a smile. 

"You're crazy," said Cindy.

Zack was turning red. He swallowed hard and looked back down at my ass.

I lifted my butt, reached down and slid off my panties.

He kept staring. 

I stared back at him for a long time, just smiling, then I said, "Go for it, Berkeley."

He lunged forward and stuck his big fluffy head between my thighs. The other girls quickly pulled back their legs to make room.

"Oh, my god!" Cindy shouted.

I felt my whole lower half swing up into his face. His beard stubble scratched me as his head moved around and his tongue groped for my opening.

"Oh fuck!" I heard Cindy exclaim again as she jumped up and moved between the font seats and into the driver's side. I thought she was gonna get out, but she didn't. When I looked up, she had her hand over her mouth and an expression of shock. But she wasn't getting out. Rather, she was staring intently. 

When Zack found my clit, the shivers it sent made me slide down so my back was on the floor. To accommodate my new position, he backed up onto his knees and leaned forward, lifting his butt in the air.

I turned to Erica and said, "Get his cock."

She got on her back and scooted under him, like a mechanic getting under a car, and began to undo his pants. I could hear the belt buckle clinking. Then I saw these little brown hands reach up, grab the back of his waistband and pull, revealing the top of his big white ass. A moment later, Zack let out a deep groan and I could feel his hot breath between my legs. When the groan subsided, I could hear the sound of Erica sucking him.

A couple of minutes later I heard Kelli ask Cindy, "So, are you gonna take your panties off too?"

Expecting to hear a curt "no," I was surprised to glance over and see Cindy's legs go up the air and her sliding her panties down her thighs. As Kelli's big peroxide porcupine ball of hair went down between her legs, Cindy whispered, "I can't believe I'm doing this." A moment later she gasped. Kelli must've found the spot. (She was a lot quicker than her brother.)

After a while, I said to Erica, "Let's turn him over." She popped up from beneath him and smiled.

When Zack rolled onto his back, his penis sprang up in the air. When I sniggered at the sight of it he responded, "What?!" sounding all concerned.

"It's nothing," I said. I grabbed it and laughed again. "It's just fat. It's fat on the bottom and then it gets small at the top. My fingers went up to the little circumcised tip and gave it a squeeze.

"It's shaped like a little light house," Erica giggled and then started to suck. It was a turn-on watching her lips sliding over him.

"Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit ....oh, yeah!" Cindy panted from behind us.

Erica and I took turns licking and sucking on Zack. I liked tasting her saliva on him. It wasn't long before pre-ejaculation started mixing with it. We began playing with it. Smearing it around. I could tell he was about to cum. I asked her if she wanted to fuck him.

"I don't know," she said. "I'm not on the pill."

"Do you have rubbers?" I asked Zack.

He looked at me as if I just spoken Chinese to him. "Huh? Rubbers?"

"What, you come to a dance and you don't bring rubbers?" I scolded him.

"Well, I didn't know this was gonna happen. I was just here to see my lesbo sister's new band."

"Hey!" interjected Kelli.

Erica's hand was now rubbing the little round bulb at the end of his cock.

"Oh," he groaned. "The dances at Berkeley aren't like this. I think I'm gonna transfer."

I wanted to see Erica get off. I moved behind her while she kept working on Zack and lifted up the back of her dress. She still had her panties on. I pulled them down to reveal her cute little ass. The skin on the inside of her thighs was smeared with wetness. She lifted her butt up a little. I ran my fingers over her smooth buns and then down between her legs. When my hand went between her lips she was amazingly wet and warm. 

My head went down between her legs. My tongue went inside her. When it did, she pushed herself harder into my face.

It didn't take long. I kissed and rubbed, and pulled at her clit with my lips. Finally, her pelvis quickly bucked forward and she let out a squeal. She groaned and bucked again and then her whole body went limp, collapsing forward onto poor Zack who was then left to finish things up himself.

Erica was lying across his legs, using one of his thighs as a pillow when the fat little lighthouse shot its beam straight up into the air, reaching the ceiling of the van.

"Oh fuck," exclaimed Cindy. (She had climaxed a few minutes earlier and was now just watching.)

Kelli grinned, and then said, very serious sounding, "You're cleaning that up, bro!"

After all that, we still managed to make it to the stage on time. The crowd was cheering and ready to dance. We decided to start with Simply Irresistible. It was one that we all felt confident we wouldn't screw up. As the bass and drums started, I could feel myself sinking into the rhythm. The people began moving. Kelli started singing.

How can it be permissible? She compromise my principle That kind of love is mythical She's anything but typical

When Cindy started her guitar solo, I looked over at Erica. I watched her little ass rock back and forth with the beat. I noticed her panty lines and smiled. In the end, we chickened out and put our panties back on. I guess we were still all just a bunch of shy Chinese girls.

END