 More from Adelle's. Comments appreciated!



"Adelle's, Cleo speaking, how may I help you?"

"Hey bitch," Sheila said, grinning. She had been giving Cleo shit ever since she "stole" Andrew from her, but in all honesty she was more surprised by the whole thing than angered. "Just calling to confirm the, uh, the Baxters tonight."

"Hey Sheila. Haven't heard from them, so yeah, you're still on. Ten thirty at the Savoy. Room 222. Hm? Wait, Adelle wants to talk to you."

"Hello Sheila, how are you feeling?" Adelle said warmly.

"Oh I'm fine, thanks. Feeling much better," Sheila said. 

"I just wanted to talk to you for a moment about the Baxters. I know you've worked with couples before, but I just wanted to give you a bit more info."

"Oh, I see," Sheila said, instantly alert. She knew that they had to be careful what they said on the phone, but it was always better to know what to expect. Especially if it was something kinky, she thought, smiling slightly.

"They can be bit demanding."

"I see," Sheila said, nodding. Demanding was a codeword that Adelle used sometimes: Apparently the Baxters were into domination play. It had been a while since Sheila had worked anything like that and it wasn't her usual thing. "Uh, that shouldn't be a problem."

"Alright dear. I'll speak to you tomorrow. Keep safe."

"Absolutely. I'll be fine."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

That night, Sheila arrived at the hotel ten minutes early. She wore a little black dress under her coat, the skirt's hem just brushing her upper thighs. She looked like pure sex and she knew it. Many of Adelle's girls had the slim body of a runway model, but Sheila was a perfect example of her "Porn Star Squad," voluptuous beauties that just oozed sex appeal. Sheila was tall, almost six feet, and, as Adelle would say, was a woman and a half in all directions. Her tight hourglass figure was a weapon, and one she knew how to use well.

She arrived at the second floor hallway and took off her coat. She paced for a moment, taking a few deep breaths to calm herself. She knocked sharply on the door, and waited. A tall red headed woman answered the door wearing a hotel robe.

"Hello, you must be Sheila. Come in, please." Sheila followed her into the suite to find an older man waiting for them, also wearing a robe. "I'm Donna, and this is Arthur," the red head said, leading Sheila till she was standing a few feet in front of the man. "Arthur, this is Sheila. She's gorgeous, isn't she?"

"She is," Arthur said, appraising the younger woman. Sheila stood straight, with her shoulders back. This made her seem taller, and had the added effect of thrusting her large breasts out. She stiffened slightly when she felt Donna lowering the zipper on her dress, pushing the shoulder straps off and letting her dress flutter around her ankles. Sheila didn't react, now clad only in her bra, see through panties, and thigh highs. "She is indeed." Arthur pulled his robe open, revealing that he was nude underneath. He was pretty hairy, his soft cock lying between his almost furry thighs.

"Oh dear. Get him hard for me, slut. Use your mouth," Sheila glanced at the older woman, but Donna was already taking off her robe, leaving her wearing nothing but a stiff black corset, her smallish tits being thrust up by the stiff panels.. Donna put a firm hand on Sheila's shoulders, pushing her down. "Now. Suck him."

Sheila dropped to her knees in front of Arthur and lifted his hardening cock to her lips, pulling the head inside her mouth. Arthur placed a heavy hand on the top of her head, guiding her as his cock quickly grew to full hardness, pressing against the back of her throat. As Sheila serviced him, Donna leaned forward to kiss her husband and look down on Sheila sucking at his cock.

"Mm, she's good," Arthur murmured between kisses, easing Sheila's head up and down his cock. Sheila took it easy, aiming to tease Arthur to full hardness, not make him cum.

"Oh? She suck your cock good baby?" Donna asked, pushing Sheila's head down harder. Sheila took his cock deep, feeling it bump against the back of her throat hard. She fought the urge to gag, grabbing Arthur's cock with her hand and pumping it into her sucking mouth. "I wonder if she sucks pussy as well," she wondered moving out of Sheila's view and moving towards the bed.

"Mm... If she does, you're in luck, babe," Arthur murmured, pushing his cock deep into Sheila's mouth and holding himself there for a moment before pulling her off. "Damn... Crawl over to the bed and eat Donna's pussy, slut." Sheila lowered her eyes and crawled on all fours over to the bed. She saw Donna lying back with her legs spread wide, her pussy covered in a dusting of light red hair. She crawled slowly, arching her back, her round butt swaying slowly as she climbed between the older woman's thighs.

"Mm, eat my pussy, whore. I want to cum on your pretty face," Donna said harshly, grabbing Sheila by her blonde hair and pulling her in tight. Sheila didn't hesitate, licking at Donna's cunt with broad swipes of her tongue. Donna was already a little wet and as Sheila serviced her pussy she only got wetter and wetter, her fat lips swelling with arousal.

While Sheila preferred men, she rather enjoyed the pleasure she could share with a woman. Feeling Donna's firm thighs against her ears, all of her senses dominated by her weeping pussy, Sheila could feel her own pussy becoming moist. And knowing that Arthur, his heavy cock dripping with her saliva, was standing behind her, watching her pleasure his wife, turned her on to no end.

Sheila focused on Donna's hard little clit, making the older woman pant in pleasure. Glancing up Donna's writhing body, she could see Arthur climb onto the bed and pull one of her hard nipples into his mouth, toying with the other one. Sheila pushed two long fingers into Donna's pussy, seeking out the red head's g-spot as she focused on her clit. If she wants me to make her cum, she thought, I'll make this bitch cum hard.

"Oh fuck," Donna groaned, "Oh this whore is going to make me cum. Oh, oh Arthur, oh!" As she came, Sheila could feel her pussy clamp down on her thrusting fingers. She didn't relent, rubbing her fingers hard against that special spot in Donna's pussy, making the older woman moan over and over as the waves of her orgasm crashed over her again and again. With a final cry, Donna shoved Sheila away from her gushing pussy, closing her thighs tight as she shivered for a few moments on the bed, Arthur watching with a big smile and a throbbing cock. "Mm... Fuck honey, I came so good..." she murmured, her voice dreamy.

"Good," Arthur said, returning to the easy chair. "So now your pussy will be nice and tight when you sit on my cock."

"Mm, okay..." Donna murmured, still basking in her orgasm. Sheila, meanwhile, had moved to kneel by the bed. She found that with people with as particular tastes as the Baxters seemed to have, it was best to let them direct you. Donna eventually stood on shaky legs and went to her husband, climbing into his lap and slowly lowering her pussy onto his cock.

"Oh fuck you're so tight," Arthur groaned, pulling her down against his thrusting cock.

"Oh, mm, you know how I get when I cum hard baby," Donna whimpered, gasping when she finally took his full length. "Mm... Whore, come over here and suck his balls. I want you to suck all my cum off of them, slut." Sheila crawled over again, settling down between Arthur's spread legs. Donna wasn't lying, his balls were already covered in her cream. Sheila attacked them with gusto, sucking one fat orb into her mouth and lapping at it, then switching to the other

"Oh, fuck," Arthur grunted, pulling Donna down against him harder. Sheila had to lean down and angle her head to Donna's pumping ass didn't hit her head, and Arthur's groans showed that he was enjoying the effort. Donna worked her ass like a pro, going from twisting, grinding motions with Arthur deep in her pussy to full on riding him, her big ass shaking violently as she galloped along. Suddenly Arthur grabbed her hips hard and pulled her in tight, grinding his cock as deep as he could. "Eat her asshole, whore," he grunted, spreading his wife's ass wide, exposing her tight pink hole.

Sheila got right in there, burying her face in the older woman's butt, her tongue tasting Donna's juices smeared all over the tight hole. Donna grunted at this new attack, reaching back and holding Sheila's head in place as she pushed back against the new stimulus. Sheila's tongue was insistent, working the tight muscle open, almost fucking into the older woman's ass.

"She eating your ass, baby?" Arthur murmured, grinding his cock deep in her pussy.

"Uh-hm," Donna grunted. "Tongue fuck my ass, slut... Open me up for some cock." Sheila obeyed, forcing her tongue against the tight opening, licking rapidly.

"You want my cock in your ass? You want me thrusting into you, stretching you open?" Donna nodded franticly, grinding her flooding pussy onto her husband's cock. "Once this slut gets your ass nice and wet, I'm gonna fuck your ass. You want that?"

"Yeah."

"Want my cock in your ass?"

"Yes baby. Yes!" Donna gasped, her orgasm close.

"Cum on my cock first honey, cum with my cock pounding your cunt and that slut eating your asshole," Arthur grunted, sliding a hand down to rub his wife's clit. Sheila redoubled her efforts, spreading Donna's ass wide as she took broad licks from Arthur's balls to Donna's ass, then attacking the tight knot with rapid fire licks. Donna's keening wail signaled her orgasm, her clenching ass ejecting Sheila's tongue as she shivered on her husband's cock, him whispering dirty encouragements to her the whole time.

"Goddamn baby... You ready for my cock in your ass?" Arthur said, his hands groping her big ass possessively.

"Always," Donna said, kissing him soundly. She stood and turned around, lowering herself to his standing cock. "Hold his cock for me, whore, help me put it in my ass." Sheila grabbed Arthur's slippery cock and held it upright as Donna lowered her ass against it. Sheila made sure his thick head was centered in his wife's rosebud as she pushed down, spreading her ass wide and sinking down onto his cock with a groan. "Oh, oh! Oh fuck, you're stretching me out!"

"Fuck!" Arthur groaned, holding Donna's ass as she slowly lowered herself down. "This slut got your ass nice and wet for my cock, baby, you feel so fucking good."

"You like my ass? You like fucking my ass with your cock?"

"I love it, hon, mm," he grunted as her fat ass settled on his belly, his cock deep in her bowels. "Eat her pussy, whore, eat my wife's pussy while I fuck her tight ass."

Sheila didn't hesitate, licking at the older women's dripping cunt. Donna was in another world, moaning and groaning with every movement of Arthur's cock in her, her pussy practically drooling with her cream. Sheila's lips and tongue were everywhere, sucking her lips, teasing her clit, lapping at her clenching hole, and all the while Arthur was steadily pumping his thick cock deep into her clenching ass hole.

"Oh fuck, gonna cum, gonna make me cum..." Donna groaned, her pumping hips turning erratic. Sheila slipped three pumping fingers into Donna's gripping pussy, fingerfucking the older woman as her orgasm hit. Donna fucked down onto her husband, his cock in her ass to the hilt, and came explosively, actually squirting as she gave little gasping yelps.

"Keep eating her pussy slut," Arthur grunted, picking up the pace in her ass. Sheila stayed where she was, licking the gasping woman's clit as her fingers pumped away. Arthur groaned and shuddered, pulling his wife's hips down hard against his cock, grinding it deep in her ass.

"Oh, oh, oh I can feel you filling my ass!" Donna gasped, her orgasm still raging. The couple stayed locked together for long moments, trembling as they both came, before relaxing grandly Donna laying back against her husband as he melted back into the chair. Sheila leaned back on her heels, watching as her clients basked in the glow of intense orgasm, Arthur's cum leaking out around his wife's stretched ass.

Arthur caught her eyes from over Donna's shoulder and made a quick gesture towards the bathroom. "Go clean yourself up," he said quietly as he lifted his wife off his softening cock. Sheila nodded and went to the bathroom, quickly washing her hands and face of Donna's juices. Fuck, that bitch came all over me, she thought, wiping some juices off her tits. She took a moment to fix her hair and make up a little, then glanced at her see through panties, her wet pussy clearly visible. I hope he has something left over for me.

Returning to the bedroom, she found Arthur and Donna on the bed, the redhead under the covers and whispering with her husband. Seeing her emerge, Arthur stood and grabbed something off the table.

"Thank you so much Sheila, you were great," he said quietly, handing an envelope to her. "I've never seen Donna get so worked up, really."

"Oh, it was my pleasure," she said, smiling.

"Um, would it be alright if we called on you again sometime?" he asked, handing her her slightly crumpled dress.

"Oh, um, yeah, sure," Sheila said, just now realizing that the date was over. As she got dressed, she noted that she had been in the room for barely an hour. She wasn't going to complain, but her pussy was screaming at her that it needed some relief. Donna gave a little wave as Sheila said good night and left the room. I make that bitch cum like a freight train and all I get is a little wave goodbye? Checking the envelope and finding four crisp hundred-dollar bills, Sheila realized that the money was all she would be getting from the Baxters.

Sheila was fuming in her own little world when she reached the hotel's entrance and asked them to hail her a cab. She absently gave her address to the cabbie and started thinking about what she would do when she got home. Seeing Donna get fucked in the ass had left her so horny, she thought she would have to break out her anal beads along with her Rabbit. It was in the midst of this planning that a much better idea came to her.

"Excuse me? I'm sorry, can we go to 313 East 78th street? Change in plans," Sheila said as she dug out her phone from her purse. She dialed Doug's number and noted that it was only a quarter till midnight. It's not that late, she thought. The phone rang six times before he picked up.

"Hmf, hello?" he asked. Shit, I did wake him. That will make this harder.

"Hey Doug, it's Sheila," she said brightly. "What are you up to?"

"Sheila? Hey... It's almost midnight babe. I was sleeping," he said grumpily. "Are you okay? What's wrong?"

"I'm fine I was... I'm heading your way, if that's okay."

"You're coming here? Now?"

"Is that alright? You're not, uh..."

"No, I'm uh, I'm alone. Where are... When will you get here?"

"Uh, twenty minutes?" she said. She shifted into whore mode for a moment, making her voice a sexual purr. "I'm sorry for waking you like this honey. I'll make it up to you. I promise."

"Uh, okay," Doug stammered, clearly flustered. "I'll see you in a bit."

Sheila hung up, smiling to herself. She had met Doug at a friend's party almost a year ago. Whereas most guys came onto her hard, Doug had taken a gentler approach, talking to her, making her laugh with his wry humor. He had almost shyly asked her out, and they had dated for almost three months. They had started getting pretty serious, which had actually been the problem.

Sheila didn't feel guilty for what she did for a living, but she didn't think it was fair to Doug to try and be in a relationship with him while she was selling her body. She had sat Doug down and frankly explained what she did for a living. He had been stunned, there had been some shouting, some cursing, and Sheila wasn't really surprised when Doug asked her to leave and to never speak to him again.

But Sheila had been surprised a few nights later when a very drunk Doug appeared at her apartment. As she dragged him to her spare bedroom he had apologized, told her he loved her, said that everyone was a whore anyway, and begged for her forgiveness. In the morning, a chastened (and sober) Doug had given a heartfelt apology for the way he had treated her, and asked that they at least try to remain friends.

Sheila didn't particularly believe in the idea of "friends with benefits," but it was the closest thing to describe what she and Doug seemed to have. They spoke on the phone all the time, and tried to meet up for dinner or movies at least once a month. They had only had sex a few times since that drunken night, as both of them were cautious about risking their relationship. Sheila would have stopped having sex with him altogether... except that the sex was so damn good.

Sheila arrived at Doug's building about a half hour later and dashed into the warm lobby. In the elevator going up, she was surprised that her heart was pounding faster now then it had been before her date with the Baxters. She found Doug's door ajar and let herself in, closing and locking it behind her. She found Doug sitting on his couch playing a video game, a character on the screen massacring hordes of bad guys with what looked like fire whips.

"What is that?" She asked, dropping her coat and purse at his table before coming to stand in front of him.

"Sorry, I got a little bored. It's the new God of War game. I'm Kratos, the Ghost of Sparta, and I'm taking my revenge against Zeus," he said absently. "You look great," he said, glancing at her between moves. "Hot date?"
"Yeah, want to hear about it?" They played this game with each other. Doug did sometimes like to hear about her exploits, but he just as frequently didn't want to think about it. It was complicated.

Doug seemed to consider it. "Well it can't have been too great if you're running to me after only a few hours," he said, teasing her, still playing his game.

"It was a couple, I think maybe they wanted something special for their anniversary or something," she said, still standing off to the side of the TV. "They used me like a living sex toy. I sucked his cock, then spent almost an hour eating her out. I finished the night with a face full of pussy while he fucked her ass."

"Damn," Doug said, still playing. "So no fun for you?"

"Well, it wasn't terrible but... Yeah, my panties never even came off."

"That's a shame."

"Wanna see?" Sheila said coyly, stepping in front of Doug and the TV. Without waiting for an answer, she pulled her dress's short skirt up, revealing her sheer panties. Her shaved pussy was clearly visible, as was the moisture on the lacy fabric. There was a horrible scream as Kratos was torn to pieces on screen. "Sorry, did I distract you?"

Doug smiled as he set his controller aside, his hands sliding up Sheila's soft thighs. "Now I'll never topple mount Olympus." His hands reached her panties and with a quick tug they were sliding down her thighs, her wet pussy open to the cool air of his apartment. He slid one hand around, tracing the pencil thin strip of pubic hair leading to her core. Sheila's breath hitched as his finger traced over her clit, exploring her folds and feeling how wet she had become. "You really got worked up tonight, hm?"

"You have no idea," she said quietly, her hands clenched at her sides. Doug pulled her hips down, seating her on the coffee table before kneeling in front of her, pushing her hips so she was in the perfect position for his mouth. "Oh Doug, please..." she murmured, her thighs lifting, opening to him.

Doug settled on his knees before Sheila, pushing her soft thighs back to her breasts. He had intended to tease her, punish her a little for waking him up. But seeing her spread out before him, her pussy swollen with need, he couldn't restrain himself. He started slowly licking around her pussy, teasing her inner thighs and that lovely point where her legs met her ass, licking the wetness he found there. Christ, he thought, she gets so damn wet when she's horny.
