 Yippee, here we go, it's time for the second half! I don't know if you caught last years exciting Super Bowl game, but trust me, I'm not likely to ever forget it, certainly not the first half; and we'll just be seeing about the second half! If you read the first part of this bawdy tale, titled SISTER-IN-LAW'S SUPER BOWL HYJINKS, then you know why too. Without even considering the sexy warm-up that went down during that first half, I guarantee my half time festivities beat the hell out of anything that happened at the game. And together, we're about to see about the second half, and of course the raucous post game festivities.

My sister-in-law Leslie and her husband, my brother Tom, had bets on both half's of the game. And even before Leslie lost her bet on the first half, things had moved from the outrageously flirtatious in to some down right sexual hyjinks. So, during half time she'd paid off with a blow-job, then surprised me by getting Tom's permission to give me one too. Well one thing lead to another, and the surprisingly uninhibited wench, and it had surprised her too, ended up getting her brains most thoroughly fucked out!

OK then, as the second half gets under way, Leslie is naked, stretched out on the sofa with her head in my lap. And my pain in the ass brother is rooting hard for Pittsburg. Why, because he's hoping to become the pain in Leslie's very sexy ass. Me, I'm just hoping to share in his good fortune. And if Arizona should pull it out, well then hopefully Leslie's going to include me in her winning fantasy, whatever it turns out to be! OK, so let's see what happens! Which reminds me; remember I'm blind, and doesn't that just add an amusing touch to this wicked tale of debauchery?

It was a football game after all, so the beer was flowing. Yeah, and Leslie was holding her own in that regard. Having lost her first half bet, she was still bare ass naked. Un-huh, and that sure didn't seem to be bothering her. Well so far so good; or so you'd think anyway! But nope, she was on strike, and refusing to play the role of bar wench. So of course, that meant Tom and I were forced to trudge off to the kitchen in search of fresh brews. it was my turn, and that meant I had to stop fiddling with Leslie's terrific tits, and just so I could play fetch the beer.

Returning with three cold ones, I realized Leslie had moved, and was sitting in Tom's lap. I listened, while she playfully wheedled "Come on Tom tell me! You know you want too, so come on, tell me!" With Tom staying mum, always a refreshing change, she turned to me looking for help.

"Hey Bob; your dumb brother won't tell me what my stupid forfeit's going to be. Yeah, because poor Arizona probably won't pull it out. So come on, he's got to have told you, so how about you spill it?"

Sure I knew, and maybe if she'd been sitting naked on my lap, who knows, she might just have teased it out of me! But, I didn't figure Tom was about to tell her that if she lost, well then, she'd be giving up some anal action. Nope, and certainly not before he was ready to collect anyway.

Trying to squirm off the hot seat, I told her "No way, I'm not refereeing any family disputes!" Then trying hard to be helpful, and to remain on her good side, I suggested "Hey, maybe you could try bribing the fool!"

Her answer was a downright sarcastic "Oh thanks loads! I already tried that!" And maybe she was beginning to sound just a bit on the pissed-off side, when she said "Yeah, and the asshole says he doesn't want to hear my forfeit anyway! And for damn sure, I'm not going to offer him another blow job, fuck, he'd probably end up cheating anyway!" Yup, knowing my brother, she probably had that right.

I'd been standing there holding those beers, and figured it was finally time to pass them out. Then dropping back down on the sofa, I tried to avoid thinking about the picture my vivid imagination was painting. Yeah, I sure didn't want to think about what my brother's hands were most likely doing with Leslie's luscious body. So, I worked on my beer, pouted, and tried to concentrate on the game.

Tom's exasperated "Hey, where you going baby," caught my attention. And there I was wondering too, when suddenly I found myself with a lap full of Leslie's very sexy ass. Her arms wrapped around my neck, and mine went around her warm and very naked body.

Cooing her sultry purr in to my ear, she pleaded "You'd tell me if you new, wouldn't you Bob? "Come on, tell me!" And hey, I was having way to much fun conjuring up all these wicked possibilities to be beguiled by her "Pleas Bob, I'll tell you mine, if you'll tell me his!"

Tempted or not, I figured it was a better bet to tease Leslie, then to bust my brother. So, I stalled; and risked an illegal use of the hands penalty. Who cared, the way I saw it, using them to collect and mold her full round breasts was worth the risk. Slowly I rotated my palms over her nipples, feeling them pucker and stiffen. And that's when Leslie got tricky, executing a sneaky draw play!

Catching one of my hands, she pushed it down, and right between the legs she'd just spread open to receive it. So while her breath burned hot in my ear, my fingers were busy exploring the velvety soft folds of her pussy's slippery wet heat. Pulling her dancing tongue out of my ear, she coyly teased "I know what your brother's going to want! He's going to want to fuck my ass! So, hey there lover boy, what do you think of that?"

Well hell, before I could tell her what I was really thinking, which of course was something like, OK, so do I, she was whispering "He doesn't think I like it! And honestly Bob, he's wrong about that!" OK and sure my brother can be, ah well lets say obtuse! Never mind lets just go with practically brain dead; after all, how could he not know!

Meanwhile, I'd used two fingers to tease her clit out of its hiding place. Really it hadn't taken much coaxing; honest, it was already swollen, erect and anxious to come out and play. So, while one finger drummed out a wicked beat on it, I listened to her softly panted gasps. Sure, the football game was still going on, but who cared. Unless it suddenly got real, real interesting, I sure didn't! And I'm talking more interesting then having a handful of fiery silky smooth pussy, that's beginning to flood your palm with its slippery wet juices!

Then hearing the sound of Leslie's ragged breathing and throaty moans, I was all set to hear something like gasped pleas demanding more, imploring me to, yes, do it, make me cum. Only I didn't get to listen to the sweet sounds of Leslie energetically announcing another one of her body racking orgasms, not then anyway!

I did get to listen, as she told Tom precisely what he'd be doing if, somehow Arizona managed to pull out a win. The way Leslie told it, if Tom lost, she was looking forward to serving the lucky stiff a helping of hot pussy for dessert after every meal. Wow, how could she call that losing? Yikes, and to think she meant for an entire week no less! Now that's my kind of menu! I don't know about Tom, but believe me; I'd sure have been willing to lick Leslie's plate clean, plus I'm a much better tipper!

Oops, and I should have kept my dumb thoughts to myself! Instead, I made myself blush with a truly corny comment. I told Leslie, honest I did "Baby, if your legs were the uprights on the goalpost, well my tongue would be splitting them."

Tom thought that was pretty funny, and while he was busy laughing his ass off, Leslie scrambled off my lap. And while I tried to work out just what was happening, I felt her drop on to the far end of the sofa.

Tom was clapping and whooping "go for it bro, she's calling your bluff. Hey, even you should be able to find your way to her end zone, its right there below her beautiful set of goalposts".

Back in my college days, my fraternity was responsible for decorating the goalposts before every home game. And even if I'd hadn't been anywhere near an end zone since then, you bet, I know my way around the sort of end zone Leslie was presenting. Yup, and quick as a tail back running for daylight, I squirmed around on to my stomach, and made a tongue first dive for my sister-in-law's goal line! I suppose I could have been called for holding, because my hands had quickly locked on to her thighs. Hey, it sure left the field clear for my tongue to do some great open field licking.

Leslie was completely shaved, totally bare, velvety soft and silkily smooth. And, right then, her pussy was incredibly hot, dripping wet, and slippery. I teased her, deliberately avoiding her clit, while I licked and flicked my way all around her pussy's slithery softness. And I'd barely popped the tip of my tongue in to her vagina's tight opening, when she bucked up. Fine, so the full length of my tongue burrowed deep, instead of just giving her the teasing jab I'd intended.

Sure, I liked hearing Leslie's sharp intake of breath, and liked even better listening to her panted "yes, do it, oh fuck yes, eat me!" But really, gosh, just what did she think I was intending?

Hoping my brother was watching, I held his young wife's thigh's spread wide and tongue fucked her pussy for all I was worth. Well the rest of my face was right there behind my tongue, and demanding its turn. So while Leslie squealed, I let my face slip-slide over all that hot slippery pussy. It must have looked to Tom like maybe I was trying to marinate my face in his sexy wife's very tasty and very wet pussy! Only Leslie had had enough of my silly hyjinks, and her squeals turned in to giggled demands.

Sure she could have been called for holding, but with her insisting "Eat me, oh God Bob eat me," I didn't even think about throwing a penalty flag. Besides, she let go just as soon as my swirling tongue pushed back in to her vagina's liquid fire.

Swept-up and caught in the passion of the moment Leslie was frantically bucking up to meet my thrusting tongue. I wrapped my arms around her thighs and pinned her ass down. And as long as I had her so neatly pinned down I decided to let my tongue slide a bit lower, and explore the territory my brother was hoping to invade after the game. Well gosh, you'd have thought from Leslie's reaction that no one had ever treated her puckered little opening to a bit of playful tongue fucking before. Which of course, only made it all the more thrillingly erotic for me. Yeah, and listening to her throaty screams and excited pleas for more, made for a tasty little bonus too.

Tom clapped and whooped his encouragement, and Leslie chanted "Yes, more, yes more, oh God yes, do that, yes, yes!" Willing to please, and oh hell yes I was, I used My tongue, and did my best to thoroughly ravage that tight little opening. Not that it wouldn't have served him right, but somehow, I resisted the temptation to take Leslie's ass right then and there! And as much fun as beating him to it would have been, especially while he squawked and bellowed his protest, I didn't! And, you better believe I was hoping I wouldn't end up regretting that decision!

Anyway, done with that delightful little tease, I swirled my tongue back up towards Leslie's clit. That move had her tangling her fingers in my hair as she tried to hurry me along. It not like I could have missed it; I mean, her clit was already a hard jutting nub when the tip of my tongue caught up with it. And even if Leslie's only about 5 ft. 6 in., and maybe 115 lbs., it took all my strength to contain her furious attempts to wriggle, squirm, and bounce her sweet young ass. And gosh, I couldn't possibly have flicked my tongue over Leslie's rigid little clit more then a half dozen times, before she surprised the hell out of me. Seriously, without any warning her softly repeated yes's ratcheted up in to fully throated screams of "Fuck I'm cuming, oh fuck, I'm cuming, oh fuck, oh fuck".

Earlier, sounding suspiciously casual, tom had quietly informed me that Leslie was lying there with her legs spread wide open, while she used both hands to play with her pussy. Silly me, I'd just figured he was fucking with his poor blind brother. In my defense, somehow the way she'd laughed, just seamed to confirm that he'd been yanking my chain. Yeah well, considering how quickly she shot off, screaming in to that first orgasm, guess who realized he'd been wrong? Too bad, because I'd practically ignored his taunting description of her glistening wet fingers, the wet pink folds of her spread wide open pussy; yeah, and what those fingers were doing to it too. Man, I should have been called for stupid!

Anyway, when Leslie decided she couldn't handle any more tongue, and pleaded for me to stop, well golly, I did, sort of! OK, at least I slowed down some. Only, well you know, It's fun to slowly and lightly, lick, flick, and tease a lover's clit until she suddenly realizes that her stop that, oh my God please stop, doesn't really mean stop after all! Yup, what fun, holding on for dear life, desperately working to hold her pinned down, and all while she's thrashing, bucking, squealing, and frantically trying to squirm free. And then suddenly, what do you know, she's not frantic to wriggle free anymore, go figure!

Still, when my lips closed around Leslie's clit and I started gently sucking, for some reason, she screamed out a loud "No!" I figured she meant it as a, oh no, and doesn't that mean, yes? Anyway, Leslie's hands were still tangled in my hair, and the wench seemed determined to squash my face in to her pussy. So, Hell yes, didn't that mean that I'd been right all along?

Bummer, as Leslie and I started driving towards another score, ah, that'd be orgasm, Arizona started driving towards there own go ahead touchdown. And, I'm quite sure Tom enjoyed the Hell out of interrupting his wife's own thrilling comeback with his shouted "hey you two, you're going to want to see this! Oh fuck me, I don't fucking believe it!" Hey, I didn't want to believe it either; but, Leslie had heard, so there she was, insistent hands pushing me away. Don't ask me, I can tune in to football, enjoy a cold beer, and all while having my cock sucked; so what's the problem with chicks? Must be genetic! So yeah, no way around it, right then, I knew Leslie was thinking touchdown, not orgasm!

Being a gentleman, and desperate, I tried offering her a seat on my face. And why not; after all, it sure sounded like the definition of the perfect seat to me! Hey it was a win-win, she'd have a great view, and my ears would be free to do their thing too. Good try, sure; only all it got me was a playful punch on the shoulder and a "Later, after the game!" And as an afterthought, she tacked on a "Ha, well after my loser of a hubby gets his chance at a little dessert that is!"

Not surprisingly, when Arizona scored the touchdown giving them there short lived lead, Leslie went wild; seriously nuts would be more like it! But, talk about crash and burn, when Pittsburg made its unbelievable comeback, Leslie was devastated. Luckily, it didn't last! So after she'd finished screaming her protests, and while practically chugging a couple of beers, she gushed about her hero, quarterback Kurt Warner's performance. Hey it cheered her up, so I wasn't about to disagree, and I figured neither was Tom. Besides, about then I was beginning to worry, hoping I was going to be included in the post game celebration.

And hey, just where was my brother, I wondered? You could hardly have missed it; I mean, things had suddenly gone awfully quiet. Yeah, and who really cared anyway? Not me; honestly, the only thing on my mind was the question of just what to do with his sexy young wife, I mean before the fool showed back up that is!

Well hooray, Leslie finally noticed her noisy husband was missing. And it was beginning to sound like the sensually inclined little vixen had an idea about how to pass the time in his absence. Only, a seductively purred "Hey Bob, how about we," was as far as she got. Then I heard Leslie's theatrically whined "Oh no, fuck me silly, I was right!" And poof, all the delightfully erotic possibilities flickering to life in my imagination, winked out.

Figuring I wasn't going to like the answer, I sputtered out an unhappy "What, come on someone, anyone, what's up?" Hey, and I was wrong! As things turned out, I was about to hear some real good news!

It was Leslie who answered. Her stern voice sounded dangerously close to betraying her and slipping in to a guffaw! "Oh my God, you are such an asshole," I heard her exclaim!" Only maybe that hadn't been such a great choice of epithets. Anyway, it gave Tom an opening he jumped right in to.

Sticks and stones baby," his booming laugh teased! And damn if he didn't sound positively jubilant chanting out a gleeful "Wrong, wrong, wrong, now baby, you know it's going to be you and that pretty little ass of yours providing the post game entertainment don't you?"

Thankfully Leslie finally remembered I was sitting there in the dark, and probably wondering, just what the fuck's up? Well she did, after I reached out, got lucky, found her ass with one hand, and cracked a ringing swat off it with the other. With a yelp "Ouch," she dodged my follow-up swat, squawking "Hey you, for a blind guy you're an awfully good shot!"

"Instinct...honest it is," I told her with a grinning demand for her to "OK, so fill me in already!"

So finally, I got to hear her explaining "Yeah well, so Bob guess who just showed up carrying a bottle of lube? And golly gee, well it's looking like I called that one right!"

After admonishing Tom with a mocking "Honey you're adorable, but oh so predictable," she challenged him with a sarcastic "OK lover boy, how about you tell us just what's on your evil little mind? Yeah, as if I don't already know!"

"What, did the bottle of lube give it away? Yup, well you guessed it baby," was Tom's cheerful response. Then after giving me a brotherly poke in the ribs, the traitor busted me.

Snickering sadistically the tattling bastard told Leslie "Oh, I am really going to enjoy this! And oh yeah, in case you're wondering, Bob over there knew all about what was coming too!"

Busted, I'll say, only not quite in the way I feared! And was Leslie's sexy purring that of an amused pussycat, or the dangerous growl of an irritated panther? For sure her "Really, well I just don't know," sounded mysterious, and left me a little bit on the nervous side. But then, oh happy days, her "Oh well, lucky for you that I like a man who knows when to wag his tongue, and when to keep his mouth shut," came out sounding impishly mischievous.

Soft warm hands were sliding over my shoulders, and there was no mistaking the meaning of Leslie's throaty growl as she wound her arms around my neck. Hot hard nipples pressed against my chest as she huskily whispered "umm, yeah and I do so like the lovely way you wag that wicked, wicked tongue!" Happy to be so delightfully double busted, I wrapped my arms around her naked body, pulled her in even tighter, and eagerly returned a kiss packed full of carnal desire.

It was worth missing out on another one of her cock hardening kisses, but only because I really liked hearing her pouty "Gosh Bob, you're going to stick around aren't you?" And I sure liked the erotic possibilities offered by her "You just better, and seeing as how I'm not going to have my mouth crammed full of cock, I'll be able to tell you what's happening. Wow, now that should be a kick!" Yeah that sure sounded good; only somehow, I wouldn't have bet on her not finding her mouth full of somebody's hard cock. 

Like the incorrigible little vixen was reading my mind, she spun out of my arms, teasing me with "You know I've never been with two guys before, well, not before today I mean!"

Picking up on that, with two guys, part of her comment; I wondered, is she thinking what I'm thinking? Right, and of course what I'd been thinking ran something like, now that would be fun, two cocks, one willing girl, oh Hell yes, bring it on!" Oh sure, and I was pretty sure Leslie knew exactly what she'd said alright, and what it implied too! Well, that left me hoping; please don't let my idiot brother's big mouth blow it!
