 PLEASURE PRECINCT

Our secret relationship was getting stronger and stronger as the days passed by. We began to talk unhindered, and she asked me a lot of questions about my attitude towards sex, and even my experiences. I had never talked to anyone about sex, and I just opened up, for the first time in my life with my BHABI. After so many conversations, she finally told me that she had never really experienced sex to the fullest with her husband and knew a little of its pleasures. To make a long (and I'm sure, obvious) story short, within two weeks, we started to seduce each other and began having sex every day.

From the next day we started to play with each other. Next day after coming from school she went into my bathroom after sending her children into hers, to took a bath and dropped her towels in the hallway, things like that.

One day she was in the kitchen and she opened a cabinet and reached up to get a glass on a shelf that was just a little bit too high. I reached around her and grabbed a glass and set it on the counter. My cock pressed up against the side of her hip. Then, I grabbed another glass, rubbing my cock further up, around, and back down her hip. By this time, her nipples were fully erect (or so I thought) and, in one place, the faded blue of my shorts were spotted dark blue by my oozing pre-cum.

Bhabi bent over to the sink and filled our glasses with water. I stood behind her, reached over her shoulder to get my glass, and pressed my hips against her ass, nestling my dick between her ass cheeks. She pressed her hips backwards and rotated them a bit as she filled her glass.

Still playful, neither of us making a major move during the day time, though both clearly wanted to, she turned around, offered me her tit to suck for a moment then kissed me on my lips and then we went in to the living room to join our parents who were watching TV.

I confessed that when she shifted to our house, she was pure torture to me in my own home. The strongest hard-ons of mine were caused by her. I don't know how many gallons of cum I shot in the middle of that night with Kiran Bhabi as the star in one of my frequent, vivid wet-dreams.

Dreaming about her wasn't all that I did. I lusted after her every day - and not just in my heart, either.

She said to me,”Ohhhh, my sweet stud, now I come to know that Sex is supposed to be an expression of love and fun too. Each day and each orgasm is better than the last with you. Needless to say, I loved every second of our lovemaking.”

She started to write sex stories, purely based on our sexual experiences first and then putting her imagination into the stories, which were really hot.

One weekend, when our parents went to attend a marriage party of some relatives in Islamabad, we were sitting in TV lounge after dinner just kissing, sucking and licking her pretty long nail polished finger arousingly she told me that she had distributed the sex stories to her colleagues and a couple of friends a few days ago. They really admired them and asking her to give them more to read or tell them from where she got. Even one of her good friends and a colleague teacher, a 30-year divorcee and a mother of a daughter, Sheeba showed keen interest in reading more stories.

As Kiran Bhabi was telling me that after reading the sex stuff Sheeba had really opened herself to her and told her that it had been years since she’d felt a man touch her, the phone started to ring. I picked up the phone and informed Kiran Bhabi that Sheeba was on the line and wanted to have a word with her. Bhabi talked to her for a couple of minutes and told me that Sheeba wanted to visit her and was coming within half an hour.

As I heard about her visit a wild idea flashed through my mind and said to Bhabi,”If she is desperate for sex, why don’t you try to invite her to our company and experience threesome tonight.”

“OK, that’s great; I want you to make a deal?" She said.

“What kind of deal.” I asked surprisingly

“I’ll try to catch her first and then you have to catch some stud for another experience.” Bhabi said lewdly.

"We have a deal," I said.

She became so excited. All the while we were planning for our new actions, she had been squirming around on the edge of the couch. I already had several opportunities to peek down her dress to her Black Bra, and my dick was now hard as a rock. She finally saw my bulge, and I saw that strange look in her eyes again. She kissed me on my lips and squeezed my dick.

"You know?” She said, "I just can’t wait till the new sexual experience take place, can you? 

I ended her question by pushing her back on the couch. She squealed.

“I can't, too.” I whispered into her ear and kissed her passionately.

"But we have to wait and see whether she is willing or not, stud," she whispered and slipped quietly to the kitchen to send the servants to their quarters for the complete privacy.

As Sheeba’s car arrived we both went out to receive her. Infact, I just wanted to see, whether she was worthwhile or not, but from the moment I saw her, I knew I was going to fuck her. However, I didn't want to rush things so I kept it cool and left every thing to Kiran Bhabi.

Sheeba was even lovelier than my thoughts of her. She had streaked her hair. The long hair fell around her shoulders, framing that angelic face of hers. I couldn't see much of her body, but what little I did see looked nice --- really nice.

She was about 30, 5' 5" in height, and weighed about 125 pounds. Her stomach was flat. Her large breasts firmly pushed against the bright yellow low cut shirt and I could see just the hint of the soft white bust line. Her body was real firm. She had the sexiest long nail polished hands and feet just like Kiran Bhabi.

Kiran Bhabi introduced me to her and took her to the Drawing room.

They both sat on the couch and asked me to serve the cold drinks to them.

Sheeba gulped down half of the glass pretty fast.

I came out after serving them went out of the house and remaining in the shadows I approached the side of my house and made my way to the drawing room window. I knew there was little chance that I would be seen but I had already worn dark clothing and was being a quite as possible as I looked into the window.

"Kiran, I’ve come here to discuss my problem with you, My husband had gone out with at least two other women and probably several more, so I got divorce from him a year and a half ago. I was fine for the first one year but my sexual desires were making me up set for the last six months, now your stories are really making me crazy.” She said breathlessly.

“Your husband has also been away from you for the last one year or so, Tell me now where did you get this really arousing stuff from and how could you manage to control your self after reading such an erotica?” Sheeba added more.

Kiran Bhabi smiled and said, ”It’s a secret , If I reveal it to you, would you promise to keep it to yourself?”

“Yessss, I promise you, I’ll keep it to my self because I’m desperate.” She said beamingly.

“OK, tell me, have you ever been with another man?" Kiran Bhabi asked.

"No, Javaid was the only man I had done it with. I have wondered what it would be like with another man, but I never did it. I started dating Javaid when I was only 18 and he was the only man to touch me. I have never touched another man, have you?"

“Yes, I have and these stories are written by me under his guidance.” Bhabi informed her.

“I can’t believe this.” She said astonishingly.

"I think, you should see what it is like. Maybe then you can understand what your husband got from being with another woman." Bhabi said convincingly.

"Right now, I would love to do it, but I don't know how to go about it."

"Well, I have my younger brother-in-law here to help you right now."

"You mean he will help me find someone?"

"No, I mean you want to make love to another man, and he is the man, who helped me out, and I am willing to help my best friend."

“Tell me about him and who is he?” She said nervously.

"Sunny, I just introduced to you.” 

“Your brother-in-law? It's wrong for brother and sister to do it!" Sheeba said confusingly.

"Sheeba, he was the only one who could be trusted and now a days a lot of brothers and sisters that are closer in age do it often when they are teenagers experimenting with sex. Just think about enjoying life. Now, you have developed into a very sexy lady."

Kiran Bhabi slid closer to Sheeba and put her left arm around her shoulder.

"I don't know." she said doubtfully.

Bhabi gently pulled Sheeba against her and asked her if she wanted to join us for the fulfillment of her sexual desires.

“OK, but give me some more stories first, so I shouldn’t forget them and secondly it must be kept secret between three of us.” She said conditionally.

Bhabi kissed her and said,”Don’t worry, you can count on us.”

Bhabi rushed upstairs to bring some new stories from my study, left Sheeba waiting in the drawing room. Sheeba stood up, smiled lustfully, looked around and cupped her breasts first then rubbed her cunt.

Kiran Bhabi entered the room and gave her the stories. Sheeba just read the titles and said gleefully,”Thank you, tell me now how did you develop this sexual relationship with your brother-in-law.” 

Kiran Bhabi had that familiar, seductive smile on her face. She stood before Sheeba--wanton, raw sex personified. Bhabi Pulled Sheeba closer to her, embraced and kissed passionately.

“I knew this was going to be quite a night, one that I'll never forget and that will change me forever.” Sheeba said huskily.

For the next fifteen minutes or so Bhabi sat on the sofa near to Sheeba as she told her about the erotic relationship of Sister and brother. Occasionally, between the conversations, she would slip her hand down to Sheeba’s body felt her breasts with her pretty long nailed fingers.

“Now, Should I introduce my stud to you?” Bhabi said with a rather wry grin on her face.

Sheeba waited for a few moments and said,”OK, I think so.”

As I heard this I rushed to the Sitting room. Kiran Bhabi Came to me and said ecstatically,”Come on, stud, She is ready to join us.”

I followed Bhabi to the drawing room. Bhabi put one arm around my waist, tweaked my semi erect cock through my shorts and said, ”Sheeba meet my lover brother and Sunny, Sheeba is willing to join us.”

"Hello, Sheeba, it's a pleasure to meet you." She stood up and we shook hands.

She blushed a little and replied, “Hello, me too.”

As we sat on the sofa Bhabi left the room by saying with an awry smile on her face, “Enjoy yourself, while I better have look at my sleeping kids.”

I took her long nail polished hand in my hand, squeezed it and said, “You really have the nicest pair of hands I’ve ever seen.”

"Um, I have to tell you something.” she said nervously. I thought that she'd say something about birth-control.” I told her she could trust me not to freak out.

"Well, I like to be in control. Sexually.", she said softly. She ran her fingers over my leg, tantalizing and inviting. I said that she could be in control all she wanted.

We talked a little as Kiran Bhabi entered the room and said, "It's time we expanded your horizons, sweet baby, and I think we better move to Sunny’s room for the complete privacy."

She took us by the hands and led us upstairs into my bed room.

We all three settled down on the sofa with Sheeba in between us.

Kiran Bhabi gently massaged her breasts with her pretty hand, kissed her tenderly and said, “Why are you so tense? Calm down and enjoy.”

Sheeba smiled back innocently, threw her arms around Bhabi, covered her mouth with her, kissing her gently, at first. Sheeba moaned and leaned against Kiran Bhabi’s body, pushing herself against Kiran Bhabi, any doubts she had about the situation now gone. Sheeba slowly entered Bhabi’s mouth with her tongue, licking and sucking carefully, very hesitantly.

“I am very happy to join.” Sheeba whispered into her mouth as reached up and pulled Bhabi down to her, kissing her deeply, at the same time she fondles Bhabi’s sensitive breast.

The room seems to get real hot. Goose bumps pop up all over my body. My dick was making a tent in my lap.

Kiran Bhabi lowered her arms to the buttons on her beautiful friend's shirt. Her pretty hands slowly unbuttoned the top button .... Bhabi paused to see if Sheeba was going to object.... then she tentatively moved her quivering hands to the next button. As Bhabi unfastened the second button. Lingering a few moments, She moved to the next button .... and finally the bottom one. My eyes didn't move from her cleavage. Kiran Bhabi slowly opened her shirt and pulled it off her soft shoulders. Then she unhooked her bra and she uncovered the most beautiful breasts I had seen in my life! They were about a "C" cup and contoured perfectly, with only a very small amount of sag. The skin on her breasts was creamy white with large, perfectly round dark brown areolas surrounding pencil eraser size nipples in the center. Bhabi placed her hand on one of her breasts. 

"Oooooohhhhhh...............", Sheeba moaned lightly.

Kiran Bhabi pushed it up high on her chest then moved it around in circles. She tugged on her hard nipple. She was fascinated playing with her breasts! 

"Ooooohhhhhh ................" Sheeba moaned again as she squeezed Bhabi’s breast and slid her other hand under the elastic of her shlwar and rubbed Bhabi’s bare bottom.

"It feels so good", Bhabi whispered.

Kiran Bhabi lowered her head, took one of Sheeba’s pristine nipples into her mouth and sucked on it. She licked it and licked circles around it.

"Ooohhhhh ......." Sheeba's breathing deepened considerably.

Kiran Bhabi put her hand on Sheeba’s other breast, cuddled it then played with her hard nipple.

Sheeba pulled Bhabi up straight, raised Bhabi’s hands over her head, slipped her shirt over her head and dropped it on the floor and unhooked her bra. When Bhabi lowered her arms, her unhooked bra slipped off her shoulders. Sheeba stood in front of Bhabi, inspecting her naked breasts.

Sheeba smiled and placed a hand on each of her breasts. She moved them around all over her chest. She held each nipple and shook her breasts and said, “Oh, Kiran, You have such beautiful breasts, it feels so good!”

I walked up behind Kiran Bhabi.

It startles Bhabi because she was so wrapped up in Sheeba, She forgot I was here!

I placed my hands on the elastic waistband of Bhabi’s Shalwar(Loose trouser) and slid them down to the floor.

She stepped out of them while still holding Ann's supple breasts.

I moved behind Sheeba, unfastened her shalwar, lowered it and her panties.

Now both the gorgeous ladies were completely naked in front of my eyes.

Both the ladies turned to me and started to make me undress. As Sheeba pulled down my shorts, My seven incher sprung out of its confinement.

Sheeba looked amazingly at my cock and said, “Woowwwwwww, Is it real? You have to be careful while fucking me because It’s so thick and so long for my tight cunt.”

I asked Kiran Bhabi if Sheeba planned on using protection with me.

"We talked about that." Bhabi said. "Sheeba feels like me. That too much feeling is lost with rubbers."

"Anyway, Sheeba wants to feel Your hot cum inside her but first of all I would like to avail this opportunity and would like to taste her pussy”. Kiran Bhabi told me, the excitement made her voice low husky.

“Wow, OK.” All I said.

Bhabi kissed her full on the mouth, this time with much passion. Her long nailed sexy finger sunk between her engorged outer lips, slid to her wet orifice and entered her.

"Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh......................" Sheeba spread her legs wider so that she would have no trouble getting as deep into her as possible.

Kiran Bhabi slid her finger out of Sheeba; glide it all over her genitals, exploring every nook and cranny, then back between her lips to her clit.

"Oooohhhh yes ........ yes ...... yes ......... oh YES!"

Kiran Bhabi’s hands left Sheeba's precious breasts and she wrapped her arms around her beautiful body and hug her tight, pressing their breasts together.

"Ooohhhh yes .......... Please Kiran, don't stop ...... just a little more .....I'm going to cum!"

In just a few seconds, Sheeba trembled all over, arched her tingling pussy toward Kiran Bhabi and began a huge climax.

Bhabi sucked her clit into her mouth. She did all the things to her that she loved to be done to her. She was going wild. Her body tensed. She was near orgasm.

"Kiran, Please ........ lick me ......... lick my pussy ........ I need to cum!"

"Ooooooohhhhhhhh ............. I'm cuuuummming Kiran ........... rub my puuusssssyyyyy!"

"Ooooohhhhhhhhhhh ................... Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

Kiran Bhabi kissed Sheeba on the mouth and slid her tongue inside. She moved her hands to Sheeba’s firm round butt and pull her genitals against hers. Their breasts, cuddled between their arms, were pressing together. Their lips were locked in passionate ecstasy.

They both laid down on my bed blustering. Both the ladies were wet all over. After several minutes, Kiran Bhabi repositioned herself so that She was laying beside her. They kissed.

Bhabi looked up at me; I was now naked on the couch, playing with myself.

"Have we left you out, Sweetie? Come down here with us on."

The three of us are lying on the bed. I rested one hand on my Bhabi’s pussy and one on Sheeba's. My finger dipped between Bhabi’s lips and the other dipped between Sheeba’s cunt. 

"Ooohhhhhhh ........" Both moaned quietly as their pelvis hunched upward.

"Now, Sheeba is ready for your cock, Come on, satisfy her, first, we have whole night for us to enjoy.” Bhabi said lewdly.

They both sat up and Sheeba reached for my dick. Bhabi's hand was already there. Sheeba placed her hand on Bhabi’s hand and they both slid up and down my hard shaft.

Both the ladies looked each others eyes, smiled and moved their heads down to my hard shaft and placed their mouths around it. 

Both started to lick my testicles and my hot rod like hungry teenagers.

Suddenly Kiran Bhabi said to Sheeba, “let me show you something.” and

Squealing eagerly, Bhabi opened her mouth and closed her soft lips about my cock, sinking her face down. Her sexy fingers moved even faster around my dick as she tasted the hard heat of my meat. Her lips spread and stretched as her mouth filled.

"WOOOOOOW, what a sex!" Sheeba whimpered. "Eat it, Kiran! Ohhh, baby, eat his hard dick!"

Kiran Bhabi bobbled her sweet face up and down, sucking on my throbbing prick with hunger. Her wet tongue swished and twisted. She alternated her speed, sucking fast a number of times, then slowly as she purred with delight. Bhabi pushed her mouth down on my cock as far as she could, cooing in ecstasy.

“Please lick my pussy now.” Sheeba pleaded.

Sheeba lie down on her back and spread her pretty legs invitingly and maneuvered her body so that her smooth pussy was right in front of my face.

I gladly stuck my tongue between Sheeba’s scrumptious lips and lick her hard little knot. Feeling left out, I steered my dick to Kiran Bhabi's face again and she wasted no time. She immediately began licking my most sensitive area. I guess this was what was known as a "daisy chain".

I licked the inside of her incredibly smooth thigh. I kissed, then suck on her hairless pubic mound, above her crack. I kissed her other thigh. I lick that narrow area between her outer lips and thighs.

"Sunny, Please ........ lick me ......... lick my pussy!"
