 My wife and I had been married for a lot of years and had just celebrated our anniversary when her sister came for a visit. I was very happy to see my sister-in-law and we had a wonderful visit. One night after she had been at our place for about three or four days, the two of them decided that they were going to go down to Spokane and do some shopping and gambling. Since I was working and couldn't get the time off, they decided to go ahead by themselves. I didn't mind and thought the two of them needed some quality time together anyway. Well they had some quality time alright, but it wasn't exactly with each other. This is the story I got from my wife, after her sister left and I was finally able to get the story out of her. I'll let my wife tell it.

We decided to go down to Spokane from our home in Canada to do some shopping, HA! We picked the time when my husband couldn't go with us as we didn't want him along anyway. My sister is ten years younger than me and is pretty sexy. She still turns heads where ever she goes. But then so do I. We went down to the city and checked into a very nice hotel and got a room on the 10th floor. We dumped our bags in the room and headed out to a mall out in the valley where I knew Frederick's of Hollywood and Victoria's Secret had stores. We hit both stores, buying lingerie at Frederick's and a couple of really hot dresses at V.S. 

We each bought a pair of boots, mine were black suede and my sisters were red patent leather. Did I forget to mention that they both had four inch heels on them? My husband would have called them "Fuck Me Boots". We rushed back to the hotel and got showers and got dressed in our new outfits, complete with the sexy lingerie. I had a straight black dress that was about three inches above my knees and with the black thigh highs, my legs looked great. Hers was a little shorter and the tops of her red thigh highs were peeking out from under her sequined red dress. She looked awesome and I was really happy that we looked so damn sexy in the new outfits.

We drove out to a new casino on the west side of Spokane. As we drove in I told her.

"We'll use the Valet Service and not have to park the damn car." The two young hunks, that were parking cars, almost lost it when we got out of the car. Their eyes were wide and their tongues were nearly hanging out as we exited the car. My sister was showing a lot of leg to the one on the right side and when I swung my legs out on the left, I gave the handsome stud a real good shot of my panty covered beaver. Of course, we didn't let on that we were doing anything out of the ordinary and we strolled into the casino, causing quite a stir. I saw men doing double takes or simply staring as we walked across the lobby of the casino, our boot heels clicking, and our asses wiggling. We both knew that we were getting the eye from all around us. Shit as we walked by one crap table, everybody at the table stopped and stared. What I am trying to say is "we wowed 'em."

We continued across the casino to the buffet room and got a table very quickly. We both had a nice steak but not much more. We didn't want to stuff too much as we wanted some more action after we ate. After dinner with which we had a bottle of a really nice wine, we went back into the casino area and into the bar. There were some really nice chairs at the small tables but they were quite low. As we sat down, every fucking male eye in the bar was on us. The chairs caused our knees to be higher than our ass and every time we crossed or uncrossed our legs, all the guys eyes swiveled our way. We each ordered a short liqueur to settle the meal, and within a few minutes several more drinks arrived, compliments of some of the men at the bar. 

We lifted our glasses to a couple of the best looking guys, thanking them for the drinks. I really liked the look of one guy, he was in his early forties I think, about six three and maybe 200 lbs., black hair, with some grey shooting through it. His eyes never left my legs except to stare into my big blue ones. My sister caught the eye of a dude that was a bit younger, but was built like a weightlifter. I don't care for muscle bound guys, but she does, so we talked about it and gave the two we wanted to sit with us the eye and they came over to the table. We introduced ourselves and their names were Bob and Casey. We had several more drinks and even danced a few times with them, as there was a live band there on that Friday night. I told Bob that I wanted to gamble a little bit, so we left Casey and my sister at the table and went out to the blackjack table. 

Now I had never played Blackjack before so Bob, got in close with me and helped me with the cards. He knew what he was doing and inside of an hour I had won five hundred dollars. All the time we were at the table, he had his hand on my back, and every now and then he would let it drop down onto my nice round ass. I started getting pretty aroused as he caressed my ass in full view of the rest of the casino. He knew that I was married as I kept my rings in full view all the time, but it didn't matter a whole lot to him. He was standing by my stool and I noticed a pretty large tent in his slacks. He was getting a roaring hard on. I let my leg swing against him several times, letting him know that I knew he was getting a boner and that I was enjoying what he was doing with my ass. When I hit the five hundred dollar mark, I swung around to him and said,

"That's it Bob, I quit. Let's go back into the bar." He stood there for a few minutes and by the time I had cashed out, his cock had softened and he could walk across the casino with me. I was getting a kick out of is acute discomfort. When we got back to the bar, my sister was no where in sight. I asked Bob to go over and ask the bartender if he knew where she went and he came back with a note. It read, "Sis,

Gone back to the hotel, we'll see you there." I looked at Bob and asked if he wanted to go back to the hotel with me. I think he nearly fainted.

"Oh yeah," he said. "Very much."

We left the casino, in my car with me driving. Nobody else drives my car. We arrived at the Hotel within about ten minutes and went up to the room. In the elevator, we were standing close together and he leaned over and kissed me. I kissed him back with every thing I had. I shoved my tongue into his mouth and sucked his into mine. We were still kissing, his hands clamped tightly on my ass, when the doors opened on our floor. I loved the feeling of what felt like a pretty large cock as he ground his crotch into my stomach. With the high heels on, I fit perfectly against his cock. Nothing drives me crazier that feeling a hard cock grinding against my pussy and believe me, by the time that elevator reached the tenth floor I had rubbed my cunt over every inch of his cock.

We broke apart as the doors swooshed open and walked hand in hand down the hall to our room. I used my card to open the door and when I walked in, all I could see was Casey slamming his cock into my little sister. She was getting pretty vocal as he banged her quim, begging him to fuck her harder, faster and deeper. Bob touched my shoulder and said, 

"Let's get another room." I told him.

"You go down and get another room and I'll stay here and watch."

He left the room and I turned back to the wild fucking my sister was getting on the big bed. Her legs were wrapped tightly around his power packed ass and Casey was using the whole eight or nine inches of cock with every stroke. Christ this guy was really hung. I stood there leaning against the wall as they two of them fucked each other's brains out. I couldn't help it when I pulled up my skirt and started playing with my clit. The scene in front of me was so fucking hot. It didn't take me very long before I had a really nice orgasm, but I was really wanting some stiff cock myself. I turned and opened the door and started walking back down the hall toward the elevator, my cunt aching and quivering. With lust. 

Just before I got to the elevator, the doors opened and out stepped Bob, with a card in his hand. We were right next door to the room where Casey and my sister were balling. We hurried back down the hall and in seconds we were in the room and in each other's arms. I was so hot and ready for some serious fucking, but Bob turned out to be one hell of a lover. He held me and kissed me for what seemed forever, slowly removing each article of my clothes, his mouth never leaving mine. I pulled back from him as my dress fell to the floor in a heap. I was standing there in my thigh highs, boots, panties and bra. Not that you could actually call them a bra or panties either. They were really just wisps of cloth, see through cloth, and they covered very little. Bob unhooked the bra in the front, and let it fall into the same pile as my dress, his shirt and slacks. The bulge in his shorts was awesome and I knew I was in for some good sex tonight. But he wasn't ready yet. He pushed me back onto the bed and pulled my panties off. 

"Baby, you have one beautiful pussy," he told me. I turned three shades of red as I realized that I had never been in this situation before. I had never fucked around on my husband, but tonight I was ready to do anything this man wanted me to. Bob lifted my boots up into the air and literally dove face first into my snatch. I felt his lips kissing the lips of my cunt, his nose moving around in my cunt hair. Then I felt his hot...hot...hot tongue slip into my pussy and slide up and down the slit. God, his tongue was going almost as deep as my husbands cock does. 

My husband likes to eat pussy too, but he was nowhere as experienced as Bob was. Bob was a master. He had me in heaven in nothing flat and I was cumming and cumming and cumming. I had at least five or six orgasms while this cunt licker ate me out. I was making a hell of a racket too. I was moaning and yelling...."Ohhhhh God....Eat me baby, suck that cunt....Oh fuck I'm fucking cumming again." and on it went. I didn't think he'd ever stop sucking and licking my steaming pussy and when he raised his head, his eyes boring into mine, I held my breath. I knew what was coming next. 

Bob crawled upward toward my face, his eyes holding mine and I could see the slick pussy juice all over his mouth, nose and chin. He had buried his face in my cunt and I had loved every second of it. 

He had removed his shorts while he was eating my cunt and I could feel the head of his cock bumping against my thighs as he came closer to my face. He kissed me and drove that maddening tongue into my mouth. God, I could taste my pussy juices on his tongue and feel it on his face as his mouth worked my lips over. I was going totally wild with lust when I felt the head of his cock touch the lips of my cunt. My cunt was open and ready. The head of his joint slipped between the lips of my wet and ready pussy and he shoved about four inches of cock into me. I realized that he was bigger than my husband's cock, much fatter.....and I could feel my cunt spreading was he slipped inch after inch into me. Bob pulled his cock back and slowly shoved it into me again, and again and again, setting up a smooth rhythm. He would fuck me slowly, then pick up his speed and force more cock into me. 

He had passed into virgin territory a good while back. I was getting more cock than my husband had ever given me and he wasn't all the way in. I felt an orgasm building rapidly and with a scream of pleasure, I erupted under him. At the same time, he drove the rest of his cock into me. I was orgasming one time right after another. I had four orgasms within two minutes because of his mind blowing fucking. He was just exactly at the right spot, the right angle and the right size to make me go completely mad with lust. I was throwing my ass up at him every time he slammed that heavy cock into my cunt. I had my legs in the air, my boots waving around and my arms wound tightly around his waist, reaching down and grabbing his ass as he pumped in and out of my pussy. I was getting the best fucking I had ever had and I think I was giving him the best piece of ass he ever had too. 

I felt something I had never felt before. Bob pushed his cock all the way into my love box and held it there. His hands held my ass tightly up against his cock and I could feel his nuts tickling my asshole. What I was feeling was Bob's cock swelling, it was extending in girth and length, it was getting ready to explode with a big load of cum. I hunched against him anyway and wrapped my legs tightly around his ass, the heels of my boots banging against his ass cheeks. I felt the head of his cock touch my cervix, the bastard was as deep into my cunt as he could go. 

Then I heard him groan and felt his hot cum blast out into my quivering cunt. It felt like hot bullets squirting into my pussy. I had never actually felt cum squirt into me before but I could feel this fuckers. Spurt after spurt shot into my cunt and as Bob began to pump me again, I could feel it squeezing out around his cock and running down the crack of my ass. My God it was unbelievable. I had never had a fuck like this one and it wasn't over yet. Jesus, his cock was still hard and he was beginning that same beautiful rhythm all over again. My husband can't possibly fuck for a couple of hours after he shoots a load in my cunt but Bob was still hard and still fucking. I prayed he would never stop. 

Bob fucked me seven times that Friday night before I finally passed out from sheer exhaustion. He fucked me in the missionary position, doggy fashion, even standing up, with my back against the wall...he drove his cock so deep in me that I thought I was gonna bust in two. I have never enjoyed a fuck like he gave me that Friday night. God I hoped I see him again, and if I do, I will drop my panties for him any fuckin' time he wants it. I wouldn't give a damn whether my husband was there or not. I also did something else with Bob that I love to do....I got about half his cock into my mouth and took one of his big loads, just as I took him down my throat. I had never sucked a guy off before, but that time I did, and I am glad I did. Bob had given me the fuck of my life. 

When I woke up, he was gone and I was aching all over. My cunt was sore as hell, my tits had love bites on them and the inside of both my thighs were rubbed from whisker burn as was my chin.

I got a shower and got dressed, then went next door and checked on my sister. When I walked in, there they were, sprawled across the bed. I walked up and touched my sister, gently waking her. She opened her eyes and looked at me. She had dried cum on her tits, on her face, in her hair and her pussy was still matted with wet cum. I handed her a robe and we went next door and she got a shower. Then we went back and threw Casey the hell out of the room...not even letting him get a shower. He was so tired from all the fucking he had given my sister, he was wobbling as he walked toward the elevator. That's the story...