 The combination of hot, tropical nights and continuing thunderstorms on the Mexican Riviera made for interesting atmosphere at the resort. It was the third straight evening of rain in Tampico, and the guests had elected not to let the dark, violet cloud covered days and humid, wet nights get in the way of their fun. On the contrary, the dark and stormy weather seemed to act as a blanket covering the increasingly exhibitionist crowd, protecting them against thoughts of their real-life doppelgangers with jobs, bills, kids and responsibilities back at home. The more the wind picked up, the more the tequila flowed. The heavier the downpour of rain, the more active the beach became at midnight. The surf washed up discarded fluorescent bikini tops and bottoms, returning them to land after strangers pulled them from whatever willing and nameless body they desired to ravage.

It was this exact atmosphere which led me to seduce my sister's sleeping husband a few nights ago, and it was this same air which drove him to fuck me hours later. Yet, although the strangers who shared the resort with me were losing all inhibitions, Luke was going in the other direction. All of my little hints, flirtations and advances were clearly and abruptly declined. He was in no way mean or rude to me, but rather kind. Just as kind as he was before I sucked his cock and swallowed his cum, and before he forced his slick cock up my ass three nights ago. He was kind to me as any average brother-in-law would be. His common kindness left me feeling empty. His politeness left me feeling desperately alone. His unwillingness to touch me made me cry myself to sleep. As usual, my younger sister had everything, and I had nothing if I did not have Luke.

Putting three little curved fingers up my pussy alone every night in my cabana was no longer alleviating any pain. I walked along the beach every night, waiting for a tall, dark stranger to approach me with lust in his eyes, but it never happened. As usual, despite my best efforts to appear slutty, I couldn't pull it off -- Too short, too tomboyish, and with glasses and little tits to match, I was neglected. I was a ghost. I suppose my childlike cuteness didn't help either. Most people likely thought I was there with my parents, rather than a 30-year-old woman.

Like a freak, the way I found my excitement was masturbating in public. I'd find a small shadow somewhere to stand, pull my bikini bottoms just below my ass, put two fingers in my mouth, and then part my pussy lips with them. Hidden from view, I'd look out over the fun loving crowd as I pulled my little fingers in and out of my cunt, my breath growing heavier, my panting betraying my desire to remain secret, until I quickly reached a mild orgasm.

Tonight I needed something more. The kink monster inside of me wanted more danger to fuel the fire. Tonight I found myself crouched down, squatting within the six feet between my cabana and Luke and Robin's next door. They didn't even need to be home for the risk of being caught to excite the hell out of me. As I stood with my bottoms below around my knees, feeling the crisp wind across my bare, wet ass cheeks, looking thru the window into their dark cabana, I nearly had an orgasm without touching myself.

With my head tilted back up to the night sky, the little raindrops delivering their assault into my open mouth, and with my fingers lodged slightly into my cunt, teasing my clit with their tips, I was just about to cum. "Oh god", I muttered. I felt the muscles in my thighs tense. For whatever reason, I opened my eyes just before my orgasm and looked thru the window. At this very moment, the door opened, and the lights flipped on, jarring me out of my dreamlike state. I yanked my fingers from myself and dropped to the muddy ground. Fuck! They were home. But they were not alone.

As Luke entered his cabana, his long brown hair wet from the rain and clinging to his sharp cheekbones, his blue-green eyes glassed over from the marijuana I'm sure he's been enjoying on a regular basis, he tossed his keys on the table. Behind him was my sister Robin, her full, rubenesque figure well on display beneath a wet, sheer, white beach blouse -- large round breasts, curved belly, full ass and thick thighs. Her beautiful face looked anxious, like how I remembered it from her birthday parties growing up. Her full cheeks were rosy. Her long, raven black hair clung to her shoulders. Her piercing deep blue eyes had a twinkle of mischief.

She held the hand of a man who entered behind her. A very tall man. A very muscular man. A shirtless, barefoot, bald, muscular man. I fell to my knees, my eyes, wide open, peering thru the corner of the window. I was in shock. I was trembling. I was sure I was dreaming. My sister is more conservative than I! What the fuck was going on?! ...I pretended as if it wasn't obvious. I was somehow able to pull my eyes away from the muscular man for a brief moment, to see Luke taking huge drags off of a joint. My sister turned to face the bald man, and, without a smile, wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. He delicately held the back of her head as their tongues mingled in each other's mouths. They kissed like strangers.

After a moment, she broke away and walked to Luke. She kissed him in the exact same fashion, yet a bit longer, and much more lovingly. After the kiss ended, she looked into his eyes. She took his hand and led him to the bald, muscular man. The man pulled his little shorts down to his knees, revealing a long, thick, flaccid cock.

Luke casually dropped to his knees, and took the thick, soft, elastic cock into his hand. The bald, muscular man allowed his head to fall back as Luke sucked him. At this point, my pussy grew soaking wet. The sight of the man I lusted for, my wife's husband, sucking the cock of another man had me instantly wetter than I'd ever been in my life. I knew positively that Luke was not gay, but his feminine features and demeanor had me captivated in this moment he was sharing with my sister and her lover. I looked at Luke's small, tight ass and his bare, strong back as he knelt in front of his wife's lover, his head bobbing up and down on the man's shaft. Clearly this was just a sex act for him. This man was a sex toy and Luke had no problem taking his body part into his mouth. The muscular bald man kept his hands on his own hips (was this part of the arrangement? That he not touch Luke while he was servicing him?). The man's cock grew rigid, and Luke sucked harder. My sister stood watching. I saw her mouth moving. She was whispering something to her lover and her husband, but I couldn't hear what it was. She removed her clothes, and I saw her large breasts lifting up and down, responding to her heavy breath. Her nipples were rock hard. While Luke ran his tongue up and down the muscular man's now very stiff cock, my sister placed herself on the bed, on her hands and knees, yet facing away from the two men. She arched her back, offering her thick ass and pussy to the bald man after Luke had prepared him sufficiently.

Without touching my pussy, my heavy thighs dripping with rain and my own juices, crouched down in the mud, I swear to you, my clit pulsated and I had a deep, warm orgasm just watching Luke suck this strange man. I put my hand up against the window as I came, reaching out for him. I wanted to help him.

Luke withdrew the man's large, hard cock from his mouth. I could see his jaw was tired. As Luke stood up and turned around, taking a seat in a chair facing the bed, I could see his own penis was rock hard. Luke was bigger than the bald man. He sat in the small wooden chair, facing both the bed and the window. I couldn't even entertain the notion of leaving. I was more attracted to Luke now than I had ever been. I wanted to see him fucked by the man. I wanted to see him dominated. And then I wanted Luke to make love to me.

I remained as small as possible, looking in thru the window. Without hesitation, I saw the man walk up behind my sister and slap her ass, very hard.

"AGH!"

I heard my sister scream thru the window, over the wind and the rain. The bald man got on his knees behind her. He wasted zero time as he roughly squeezed her round breast and shoved his cock up my sister to it's base.

"OOOOOOO"

My sister cried.

Luke had made this man dangerously horny. The muscular man pumped my sister furiously hard. He squeezed her firmly around her belly as he fucked her pussy. Her entire body shook from the incessant jolts. He pounded her body through her pussy. I wasn't sure if I was truly hearing the smacking of his hips crashing into her ass, or if I was imagining it. In the end, it didn't matter.

"AAAAAAAHHH!!!!!"

My sister continued to cry out, both begging him to stop and begging him not to. The big man pushed himself forward, driving Robin into the bed, belly down. His hand still gripped her full breast as he lay over her, driving his cock into her, spreading her lips open with his girth. He fucked her at a rapid clip, and I felt as if I was watching a passionate, slow love making session in fast motion.

I was stunned when I glanced up to see Luke looking into my eyes. He spotted me, and he was angry.

Yet he was still slowly masturbating, stroking his beautiful cock.

"I'm sorry..." I mouthed to him. I'm not sure why I said that, but I did. Luke said nothing. He was looking absolutely nowhere else except into my green eyes. He was looking into me. I felt as if he was inside of me. I was suddenly close to another orgasm, my cunt still aching from the first.

As the man grunted primal, dumb noises when he pulled out of my sister and jacked off over her rear end, Luke glanced at his wife and the man, and back into my eyes as he shot cum onto his own body. The first blast hit him on the neck. The remaining shots landed on his toned chest and stomach, until finally his cock sat in his hand, pulsating, while drops of cum spilled from the tip of his penis over his fist.

He stood from the chair, his still erect rod bouncing as he sauntered over to his wife and exhausted bald man. Suddenly, with Luke standing tall over the two of them, spent on the bed, Luke seemed to be the master in control. He raked four of his fingers over Robin's ass cheek, gathering much of the bald man's cum. He put his fingers into Robin's mouth.

Robin lied face down on the bed, her thick ass exposed, while the men finished their transaction. The strange man put his red shorts on, pulled his wallet from them and handed a thick wad of cash to Luke. The two men exchanged some kind words. I couldn't make out what was said, but it seems as if the man was asking something of Luke. Luke smiled, and politely declined. The man asked something else. Luke now laughed a bit, and shook his head "no". Resigned that he would not get whatever he was asking for, the man politely left, and Luke closed the door after him.

Now, alone with his wife, Robin again climbed up on all fours on the bed. Luke ignored her, and walked to the window. I felt fear rush thru my body. I wanted to run away, but I was like a deer in headlights. When he got to the window, he glared down at me, and I, like a frightened child before a spanking, looked up to into his eyes. He reached for the blinds, wanting to pull them down and again shut me out. He again wanted to deny me. Yet, he paused. Not only did he leave the blinds open, but he opened the window. I felt a surge of joy. He was letting me in! Having spent the last half-hour straining to hear from outside, now I heard everything as if I were in the room! I was like an overly grateful dog being allowed table scraps after the meal.

"What are you doing?" my sister laughed, still on her hands and knees. "The rain will get in."

"Don't worry about, slut." He told her. She loved it.

"Oh, I am a slut, aren't I? What are you going to do to me?"

Luke sauntered up to her, facing her, his flaccid cock dangling at her face. "Did you like watching me suck your lover?"

The question was too erotic for my sister. It needed no verbal response. She took his penis into her mouth.

"That's good, baby."

Robin looked up to him. "He fucked me, but you didn't let him cum in me."

"Nope," Luke replied. "Don't talk. Suck me."

My sister did as instructed. Luke grabbed her hair and pushed her down on him. "You're getting better at this. You suck cock like a good slut. Now, like it like an ice cream cone. Like we talked about." My sister did so. "Good," Luke said. "God, you're beautiful. I love seeing your pretty, innocent face with my dick in your mouth." Robin sucked him harder. "I want to see drool running off your chin." Soon, he did.

After Luke was about to cum, he pulled out of Robin's mouth.

"On your back, ready to take it." My sister rolled over. He stood over her, and again grabbed a fistful of her hair, telling her that he owned her, and that trying to fuss in any way would be useless. He slapped the insides of her upper thighs with his palm.

"OW!" My sister yelled in pain. Luke slapped her sensitive, heavy thighs again. "OW!"

"You're so fucking sexy. I'm going to put cum in your sexy body."

Excited, my sister replied, "You will?!"

"You're body was made to take a big, hard fucking. You can take it, can't you baby?"

"I'll try," she said, as innocently as ever. It hit Luke in the right spot. Still continuing to yank her hair, he climbed on her and slid his large cock in her pussy.

"Did he break it in for you how you like it?" She purred.

"Yes he did, slut. Now shut up." And with that, he shoved himself inside of her, pushing her thick body down into the bed. My sister moaned, "AAH, OW!"

"I said shut up," he toyed with her as he again drove into her.

"UUUGH!! You're bigger, so it still—"

He again fucked her aching cunt, not allowing her to finish.

"UUGH!"

Luke began rolling into her, like an earthquake growing in intensity. My sister began gasping. I watched her round, resilient body take his thrusts, bounce back, only to again be hit with another thrust. Luke was right -- she could take it. He didn't hold back. He fucked her hard. Her large breasts violently rolled in every direction as he plowed in and out of her pussy, her entire body reacting to the thrusts, yanking her head back by her hair.

"UUUNNGGHHHH! UUGH! UGH!"

He shoved his tongue in her mouth as he froze. It was as if someone had pressed pause. Seconds later, I saw cum squeeze out from between the walls of Robin's abused pussy and Luke's swollen cock.

"I love you," Robin said.

"I love you, too," Luke kindly replied. The sex games had ended. The role-playing was over. The muscular bald man, their human sex toy, had served his purpose.

I was not prepared emotionally to see them share this sincere, intimate moment. Again, I felt alone and empty. Having just witnessed the most insane, thrilling sexual experience of my life, perhaps second only to what Luke and I shared a few nights ago, the emotional fallout was sharp and sudden. For however erotic, charged and high I felt a moment ago, I now felt equally wretched and hollow. My sister and Luke were just pretending. What they had together was real love. I had nothing.

Hours later, alone in my room at 2 AM, I realized there was no way I was going to be able to sleep. My eyes were red and dry from an hour of sobbing in bed. In addition to how lonely I was feeling, I had to contest with all the laughter and joy I heard from the never-ending party going on the beach. Plus, I was sure the Luke and my sister were sound asleep in each other's arms next door. I needed a drink. I threw on my long, white linen dress over my panties and black bra and headed out to the bar, hoping I could find a quiet spot to drink myself into oblivion. I had to make this stop.

Equally to my joy and horror, I saw Luke sitting alone at the bar. I stopped, unsure if I wanted to talk to him, because I was unsure if he wanted to talk to me. After all, he had appeared furious that I was spying on him earlier. I knew myself too well to think that I wouldn't eventually need to be near him, so I skipped the hesitation and sat next to him. My instincts were correct -- he was pissed.

"What the fuck were you doing out there?" He asked.

"I just needed to be near you. I didn't know—"

He laughed. "You didn't know you'd see me suck a stranger and then watch him fuck your sister? That's shocking." Luke sarcastically muttered before he downed his tequila, and motioned to the bar tender for another. Thunder cracked loudly overhead and rain poured down. I was quiet for a moment before I cautiously waded in:

"I loved it. Why did I love seeing you with him so much?" I hoped he, the man of my affections, would have the answer.

"You're asking the wrong person. Maybe you should ask yourself, or your sister. Sounds like you guys are more alike than you realize".

There was a long pause. The bar was loud with drunk people dancing, playing pool, watching television, etc.

"I have to know..." I started to say.

"About Brett?" Luke interrupted. Luke then gestured to a couple of men in the corner. It was Brett making out with another man, kissing.

"He's gay. He hit on me the first night we were here. He was sort of tenacious about it. Your sister and I have been in a rut, and for whatever reason it really turned her on that he wanted me so badly."

"Are you gay?"

Luke again laughed and sipped his tequila. "No, but only because I'm not romantically attracted to men. Brett wants to suck me, but I won't let him. I'm not interested in letting him put my cock in his mouth."

"But you'll suck him?"

"Sure. He's got an alright cock, and it turns me on that Robin likes it so much. And honestly, it's flattering that he likes me so much. It's all taboo and kinky, so I like the kinky thrill of it. What can I say? I like being a sex object."

He had no fucking idea how much I masturbated thinking of him.

"But I think of it as just like sucking his finger or something." He casually continued. "For whatever reason, I don't' think it's a big deal. But I don't want to tell anyone about it."

"Why would you want to suck his finger?"

Luke laughed at my joke, and eased up on me a bit.

"Maybe I'm bisexual. I've always enjoyed using anal toys when I masturbate. And I honestly have no problem sucking a guy's cock. I just don't want to kiss them or let them suck me or anything."

"I thought all men enjoy that? Anal stuff?"

Luke was quiet. He shrugged. "I don't give a shit what all men like or don't. I like it."

His confidence made me hot for him.

"I love your sister to death. I think she's my soul mate. But..." This was hard for him. He took another drink. "I'm not attracted to her. Watching another man enjoy her, even a gay guy who I had to suck to get hard, it makes me really want her. Maybe it's a competition thing, but it works. It makes her very sexy to me. "

I understood. "What did he ask you after it was over? Before he left?"

"He had asked I would fuck him, or if he could suck me, and I told him no. Then I told him that was it. No more."

"Why?" I asked.

"Because you found us out, and I can't trust you. Robin is very upset, but it just has to be this way. I just told her Brett isn't working out, and she thinks we can find someone else to use, but it's not possible. You watching us made me realize how crazy the whole thing is."

"I won't tell anyone!" I saw how happy my sister was, having Luke desire her so much. I hated that I ruined that for her.

Luke was silent. "If anyone in your family found out, it would be devastating. It all was supposed to stay between Robin and I. Brett isn't exactly someone we could bring to your parents house for Christmas. You watching us made me realize that things are only going to escalate. I don't want to be searching Craigslist for male escorts, and we can't find one person to share our life with. So -- it's over."
