 Frequently in life you find yourself willing to try something new which adds a sense of eroticism to your relationship. Usual you find yourself caught up in conversations about fantasies you never expect to happen and in many cases, you don't expect to even attempt. But this night was different. You had been horny for weeks thinking about the time we would have together without the cares of the world bothering us. It was a simple date night with the smell of lust in the air.

We went to a late dinner and enjoyed several glasses of wine while we discussed sexual situations we often fantasized about. Most of the evenings conversation surrounded your interest in other women. I suggested that we should go to the local strip club which offered full nudity to the patrons. My goal was to let you see a multitude of other women fully nude to arouse your sexual interest and probably head home to end the night in our own passions. Instead we lived out some desires long held within our minds.

We showed up around 10pm and the place was quite busy. There were two main stages with chairs surrounding the stage. There were other chairs along the back walls, which was covered in mirrors. Like most clubs of these type, it was dark and stage lights focused upon the lady on the stage. Throughout the seating area, the ladies were walking around with minimal clothing and their goal was to get you into the private dance area. 

The majority of the women were quite beautiful in all categories and they were also quite athletic. While watching the ladies on the stage, I was doing my best to get the women to focus on you and it proved quite difficult. Later in the evening, we had quite a few of the ladies standing near us and two of them were quite playful with each other. As we discussed this, we both agreed that if a women were to give you a lap dance, they would have to have a sensuality towards other women.

As the women broke their group, one of the ladies which were playful came over to us to talk. I could tell by watching you that you were highly interested in her beauty as well as the way she was touching you. You turned to me and asked if you could go have a lap dance with her. I handed you the money and she stood up and grabbed your hand to lead you back to the lap dance area. Soon after you got back there, one of the other ladies said that I could go watch if I wanted to. I thought about not going, but I figured why not.

When I entered the area, I saw you sitting on the couch with your hands by your sides with her straddling you. Per our previous conversations, I could tell that it definitely benefited to have a woman giving a dance which genuinely took an interest in other women. She was blonde and petite. She was wearing an orange bikini, which exposed most of her skin. She was a fairly good dancer and spent most of her time grinding her crotch hard against yours. As the second song came on, I could tell you were becoming very aroused by what she was doing. A few minutes later, the look on your face told me you were about ready to cum.

As I slipped another 2 songs of money into her hand, you closed your eyes and leaned back into the couch to fully enjoy the feelings going through your body. The dancer was clearly arousing your clit as she ground her pelvic bone harder and harder into it. As sweat began to form on your chest, you took a deep breath, turned your head slightly and released an orgasm that shook most of your body. You opened your eyes in realization that this woman just made you cum!

After a quick gaze towards you, I got up and left to go to the bar. After I ordered a drink for each of us and sat down, you came from the room with a very happy look on your face. You sat down with me, grabbed your drink and began to tell me about the feelings going through your body. You told me that her skin was incredibly soft to the touch and the warmth of her body aroused your passion as she danced in your lap. You also stated that she kept a constant contact between her pelvic bone and your clit, which was what made you cum so easily.

We then finished our drinks and left to go to the car. During our drive home, your cell phone rang with a number displayed on the screen which I was not familiar with. As I listened to the conversation, you began to explain to the person where you lived and I naturally assumed it was someone you were friends with for some time. As you ended your call, you looked at me with a smile on your face and said, "She is coming over in an hour."

"What?" I said.

"The dancer from the strip club is bi-sexual and wants to come over tonight for some more dancing."

With a questioning look on my face, I asked her what she meant by dancing.

She said that she really did not know what that meant, but she was very comfortable with asking her over. I soon learned that while I was at the bar getting our drinks, the two of them talked for a few minutes and expressed sexual interest in each other. As you left, you handed her a piece of paper with your number on it and stated that she should call if she was interested in more. Obviously it did not take long to realize she wanted more and she agreed to come over after her shift ended.

We discussed how we felt about this during the remainder of our drive to your house. We discussed the risks of having a complete stranger coming to your home. Your response was that you felt that another woman would generally minimize the risk. We also talked about what my role would be during the situation. You responded by stating your were comfortable with whatever I chose to do.

We soon got to your house and opened some wine for the group to share. You left to put on something more comfortable, which ended up being a black lace baby doll, with a black silk v-string panty and a matching bra. As you came into the room, my eyes explored you head to toe and my response was to bring you closer to me. As I embraced your warm body and kissed you your lips, I ran my hands over your smooth ass cheeks. As soon as my mouth began to tease your neck with nibbles, the doorbell rang!

You pushed me away with a sparkle in your eye and rushed to the door. You peeked through the peep hole and stated: "She's here."

My heart began to beat quicker as I approached the door to meet our guest. As I opened the door, I was greeted by this beautiful blonde in a black pencil skirt and matching black blazer. The blazer had a black lace back and was quite sexy, but yet had a look of a professional business woman. What a surprise from what you would think a stripper would wear too and from work. 

We welcomed her into the house and she introduced herself as Adriana. We introduced ourselves using fake names and the two ladies sat on the couch while I took a seat in a comfortable chair nearby. As the ladies talked and drank their wine, I watched their beauty as the began to touch each other more frequently. I watched as her hand moved slowly from your hand, up your forearm and towards your shoulder. Her hand then moved to your cheek and she leaned in to kiss your lips. You froze for a moment and then began to kiss her back as you sat your glass of wine down. 

She stopped kissing you and stood in front of you to remove her blazer. As I watched her slip it off, she revealed that she had no bra on under the lace backed blazer. You leaned forward to run your hands up Adriana's well sculptured stomach and towards her natural breasts. You ran your hands slowly around her breasts and gently touched her nipples. Your hands began to run back down her body and they stopped around Adriana's waist. Your hand began to unzip the side of the skirt while your other hand pulled the skirt off of her body. The removal of her skirt exposed a pair of low rise panties which were black with white polka dots and exposed the curves of her ass. 

When her skirt hit the floor, she pushed you back onto the couch and straddled you just like at the club. Fortunately, this time allowed for more touch and less looking, except from my angle! Adriana ran her hands up both of your arms and leaned forward to kiss your neck. She pressed her lips hard against your neck and slightly nibbled at your neck while moving towards your ear. As she got to your ear, she used her teeth to bite at the earlobe. Adriana's tongue then began to encircle the outside edges of your ear and then the point of her tongue began to probe the inside of your ear. Her hot breath and warmth of her tongue sent a tingle down through your body and toward your pussy which was increasing in wetness due to seduction of you.

From my angle, I was watching two beautiful women showing a passion for one another in a way I have never seen before. The two of them obviously had sexual feeling for each other which needed to be explored further. I was watching the beautiful curves of Adriana's ass which was exposed under her panties when I watch my lover's hands begin to run across her cheeks. The fingers of your hand went under the fabric of the panties and I heard a slight moan from both of you. I watched as one of your hands moved around slightly and brushed against her crotch on the outside of her panties. She said, "Not yet."

She pushed your hands away and began to untie your babydoll. The fabric fell away and exposed the black bra covering your natural breasts. Adriana unfastening your bra and released your taut nipples which were begging to be release. Her mouth began to explore your nipples as her hands caressed your body. Her teeth brushed against the nipple and then became a bite as she bit down slightly. The sensations of this woman's passion was obvious to both of us. 

She slowly slid down your body and onto her knees in front of you. Her hands grabbed the sides of your v-string panties and pulled them off of your legs and exposed your naked pussy which was void of hair. You breathed deeply as she pulled you slightly off the couch and leaned in towards your pussy. With her right hand hand on your abdomen, her thumb began to stroke your clit as her tongue began to explore your soft, pink lips which were glistening with moisture. A shockwave of sensations were obviously going through your body as I watched you slowly close your eyes and lean back in your seat. 

Adriana's mouth and tongue continued to explore your pussy as I watched. Her tongue was beginning to trace small figure eights around your clit. This type of arousal was bringing you close to your first orgasm. Suddenly your body began to shake slightly and then you took your two hands and grabbed her head to push it violently into your pussy. As you came on her tongue, small beads of sweat began to form on your skin from the passion you were feeling. 

I was also becoming quite aroused and decided I needed to remove some of my clothes. I continued to watch as I removed my shirt and trousers, but left my boxers covering my steadily stiffening shaft. Adriana rose in front of you and slowly removed her panties as she turned around. She then sat down on you naked and began her seductive little dance on your crotch like earlier in the evening. Adriana turned her head slightly and whispered something in your ear. You responded to her comments and then Adriana looked at me while using her finger to motion me over. 

When I stood in front of them, your hands began to explore her breasts from behind. Adriana used her hands to remove my boxers as your began to roll her nipples between your index finger and thumb. She leaned forward and took my cock slowly into her mouth. While her mouth was around my cock, I could feel her tongue move around the head of my cock. I was used to one or the other, but the sensation of both at once was incredible. She used one of her hands to steady herself and the other hand to encircle my cock while she sucked my cock further into her mouth. When she got all she could handle in her mouth, she used her thumb and index finger to make a ring shape around the lower part of my shaft. She tightened the grip slightly and continued to stroke my cock. 

"Hey, what about me?" you said.

With that comment, Adriana got up and moved to the other side of the couch. She leaned back and spread her legs and then motioned you to come over. She move one leg to the coffee table and spread her legs wide for you. As you approached, you started kissing her right ankle but slowly moved up towards her pussy. With each kiss closer to her wet pussy, your heart beat faster and your breathing increased in tempo. You finally got to her pussy as I watched from behind. Your ass was pointed directly in front of me and I could see your pussy dripping with wetness.

Adriana said, "I want you to eat my pussy like I did yours."

You smiled at her slightly and then moved towards her pussy. You inserted a couple of fingers into her pussy and could feel the warm wetness inside. You leaned forward and used your tongue around the top of her opening. The lips were smooth to the touch and you seemed to enjoy the taste of another woman's pussy. Just like she did, you used your tongue in a figure eight motion around her clit.

Adriana breathing became heavy and I could not stand it anymore. From behind, I straddled you and shoved my cock into your pussy by surprise. You let out a gasp as you continued to lick her clit. My hands grabbed your hips as I thrust my shaft in and out as quickly as I could until I felt your pussy tighten around it. When that happened, you tensed up and then released an orgasm onto my cock. You were so tense that your pussy actually felt very tight around me. I continued to move in and out of you until I could handle it no more. 

While you continued to lick Adriana's pussy, I felt pressure within that wanted to be released. I gripped your waist tighter and thrust as deep as I could into your pussy. With this move, I released and orgasm deep into you. You felt my cock throb inside you as Adriana began to cum too. 

Both of us rolled slightly as we collapsed on the couch together. A pile of naked and passionate bodies exhausted from the energy which was just expended. We laid there for some time before the 3 of us slowly dozed off. As I fell asleep, the visions of the night began to arouse me more and I wondered what may happen in the morning.