 Kyle and Nancy Reddick lived in Farborough, the town next to Dillon outside Boston. We figured we'd drive over to the girls' parent's home in Dillon after our meeting with the Reddicks. The couple met us at the front door before we had a chance to ring the bell, so we went inside amid the welcoming chatter, through the tastefully decorated home and onto the back patio. 

Another couple, Gale and Chip Dunn, also was introduced, along with a nicely dressed single man about my age named Aidan. We did polite talk on the patio while Kyle got the grill organized to do hamburgers and hot dogs for lunch. Nancy rushed a lot of covered dishes to a picnic table that had been extended to accommodate all of us by an old door laid flat on sawhorses. Fran, Sheila, and Ally moved to help Nancy, while the rest of us sat.

We got through lunch, and as our food settled Kyle started the ball rolling as he'd explained earlier. "First off, thank you so much for coming and talking with us. We're loaded with questions, and I even wrote some of mine down over the past week. If we ask you anything embarrassing, please feel free to tell us to skip that. We want to know about every aspect of your relationship, and ... well everything." He gave us all a sheepish grin.

Sheila asked, "Before you go on, could you tell us how you five got to where you are today?"

Lyle said, "Oh, sure. I hadn't thought of that. Nancy and I have been married for five years. We waited until we were past age thirty to wed, just so we'd have a little more maturity under our belts. We're both thirty five now."

Kyle continued, "I work with Gale. Nancy worked with Aidan for a while, but he changed jobs. Chip we met through Gale. We started to get together socially a couple of years ago, and each time we seemed to bond more tightly with one another. We liked each other without caring about the boundaries of the relationships.

Over the past few months we've allowed our friendships to take us in new and more intimate directions. For instance, Gale spent a couple of nights with me, while Nancy went with Chip and Aidan. Aidan also joined me with Gale one night. I must say the sex was great – truly transcending – and now that we have the Tantric class behind us we are introducing even greater sensitivities into our mix."

Fran observed, "It seems like you've already got things pretty well worked out."

Chip spoke, "Well, maybe. We're a little tentative about things, but more importantly we're talking about living together. We don't know anybody else that has done this except you four, and Kyle discovered that only last day of the Tantric sex workshop. We think living together could bring us even closer together, with more love and intimacy, but we also see some risks. We're also worried that the three men might over power the two women, if I can put it that way." He chuckled and added, "You have the opposite problem in some ways."

Nancy said, "To start with, maybe we could ask you how you four ended up together. I figured out over lunch that Fran and Sheila are sisters, right?"

Sheila laughed, "Right, sort of. The three women in our mix are sisters. Fran and I are stepsisters but for almost our entire life; I came with my Dad and Fran with our Mom. Our birthdays are about six months apart. Ally was born three years later after my Dad and stepmother married. They were still pretty young."

I stepped in, "I started to date two women from different jobs and with different personalities. I met each of them at different parties and started to romance both of them. I was still playing the field and not being exclusive. In hindsight, I was falling in love as we went along."

Fran said, "As Steve became more and more important in my life, I thought I should take him home to meet my family – my Mom, Stepdad – who I have always just called Dad, and my sisters Sheila and Ally. We drove out to Dillon to their home one Saturday evening for dinner. We'd just gotten inside the foyer of the home and were doing introductions when Sheila appeared from the kitchen. Steve about fainted."

I continued, "I figured out they were sisters or family members of some kind as soon as I saw them with their parents. Sheila looks like her Dad, and Fran like her mother. I suddenly realized I'd been dating sisters, plus I'd been brought home for the first important 'Meet My Parents' because we were getting more serious about each other. I had a similar dinner date with Sheila three days later. I about died."

Sheila said, "Fran and I were sort of upset at the discovery, but got over it pretty quickly that evening. Mom and Dad talked us through our initial hurt. When we realized that Steve didn't know our relationship, and that he'd never intended to hurt us, we mellowed out and saw some humor in the situation."

Fran confided, "So, that night, back at Steve's apartment we three made love for the first time. I think Steve was blown away making it with the two of us."

"I was." I gave my best Cheshire cat grin.

Fran went on, "We wanted to be in each other's company more and more, so at his suggestion about trying it, we moved in with Steve."

Ally spoke up, "I saw how loving and caring they were with one another – how in love. I wanted in on those relationships, so I asked to be included. Steve insisted that he date me for a while just as he had my sisters so we'd be sure my moving in wouldn't upset the balance of the triad they'd formed."

Nancy asked Ally, "Did you start having sex with Steve right away?"

Ally responded with a smile, "No, the bastard made me wait until the three of them decided I could be admitted to the fold. That was eight weeks of torture. We dated, made out, petted, and got intimate, but no sex until that time. Each time we met I fell more deeply in love with him, and the idea of living in a foursome arrangement.  I was also so horny by the time we made love I would've fucked a bedpost if he'd had one."

Kyle asked, "Steve, how do you satisfy three women? Are you superman?"

I laughed, "You'll have to ask the girls if they're satisfied. I know I am, and last week's Tantric class has helped immeasurably. I guess I'm young enough that keeping the first two happy wasn't a problem. Ally stretched my endurance and recovery time quite a bit. The new Tantric lessons now let us enjoy a night together where everyone has happy experiences, and I mean lots of orgasms."

Sheila spoke up, "I'll never get enough sex. Steve delivers way above the average for couples, and he's got three of us. He know other ways to deliver satisfaction too, plus he's so attentive and loving."

"What is it like living together?" Gale asked.

I started, "I love it. I love my partners, and want to spend every waking minute with them. At first, I was a little overtaken with two females moving into my small apartment. Fran and Sheila still take precautions not to spread their feminine touch over everything, but what they do did take some getting used to."

Sheila said, "None of us had ever lived with a man, so we were adjusting to. We'd often ask whether we could do something, like leave nylons drying over the shower bar. Steve put three separate and large medicine cabinets in the bath, and we can keep a lot of our cosmetics and girly stuff in there. We added some under counter shelves too, plus a new shelf up high in the shower for all our shampoos and conditioners. He also put double bars in the closets to hang our clothing."

Fran volunteered, "We keep our 'overflow' clothing in my old apartment, so we have offsite storage five blocks away. That'll change someday when we decide our foursome isn't something temporary. We wanted to wait six months."

Gale said, "Do you argue or get mad at each other? What stuff bothers you?"

Ally said, "I'm new to this, but as an outside observer what they or we do is interesting. Any little thing that is a bother is commented on immediately, before it becomes an issue. We also have monthly 'How Goes It?' meetings where we look back over the month or more and talk about what we like and what we'd like to change. It's all very constructive."

Aidan said, "Do you always have sex together, as a foursome?"

Fran responded, "No, maybe about eighty percent of the time. Sometimes one of us will be out and about when the mood strikes the others, or it'll be that time of the month, or we have a 'real' headache, so we'll opt out. If we feel things are getting out of balance in some way, we'll encourage Steve to bed the one of us coming up short on the scale. We do always sleep together, and we've gotten to a point where we don't have sex every night. It's only almost every night." She giggled at her revelation.

Fran continued, "Our libidos beat at different rates. I have yet to be unsatisfied in the sexual part of our relationship."

Ally added, "Me too."

I was learning a lot about my housemates.

Nancy asked in a shy voice, "This is sort of delicate, and I can understand if you want to duck the question, but are you guys kinky at all – I mean beyond being a foursome?"

Fran said, "Well, we're not into dom-sub stuff, nor bondage or sadomasochism, or some of the other kinks. Four of us having sex simultaneously is sort of kinky, isn't it? Anyway, we all agree on the extent of our sex games so far. We have a few toys we play with, girl toys. They add some spice to our playing."

Sheila volunteered, "We've started to do some role play, at least talking about various situations that lead to sex or particular kinds of sex. I can see we'll get into costumes in the near future, like a nurse or schoolgirl. We also use dirty talk a lot; we all get off on that."

Chip asked, "Do you think you'll add any more people to your circle, another guy maybe?"

The four of us were silent for a moment. I shrugged. I guess our silence answered the question. We'd never thought about it, but now the idea had been planted. I made note to raise the issue at home. Chip just accepted our silence and shrugs.

There were a bunch of questions about how we were handling finances, rent, groceries, tasks around the home, outside social contacts, job duties, preferences for various activities particularly on weekends, our thoughts about spirituality and relationships, our personalities, arguments, raising sensitive subjects, and how we saw the future. The questions came in a steady stream from each of them.

We left about five o'clock and drove over to the Henson's home for dinner there. We had made five new friends, and I know they had dozens of further questions to ask, but we ran out of time. I expected I'd hear from Lyle during the week with another invitation to get together.

