 A sexy joining with new friends

The following Saturday we drove to the Dunn's home in Farborough. We were each anticipating a sexy evening, probably in our own way. I got off imagining a threesome with Nancy and Gale. Fran had already requested that she start with Lyle. Sheila would start with Chip, and Ally enthused about having the first crack at Aidan.

Sheila, Fran, and Ally had dressed to the nines and then gone a little over the top with makeup so they had a sophisticated but slutty look. I called them high priced escorts who were honoring their inner slut. Fran explained, "Well, don't sluts have indiscriminate sex? That's what we're going to do. I'm expecting we'll switch partners many times or even get double-teamed. I want to be a good little slut tonight. I want to fuck everybody - even Nancy and Gale."

I told the girls about a book I'd read a year or so earlier entitled The Ethical Slut. The authors write that in this liberated time and honoring sexual equality, a woman can choose exactly how she wants to live, and if that is having wild indiscriminate sex, then so be it. They all decided they were ethical sluts.

Chip and Gale met us at the door, and took our winter coats. For early December, I couldn't remember it being as cold as it was. The aroma of chocolate chip cookies wafted through the downstairs of the large modern colonial home. I gave Gale a particularly enthusiastic kiss and said, "Cookies! Cookies!" She laughed and led me into the kitchen where a large plate piled high with fresh baked cookies sat. 

"These are especially for you. Last week, you said they were your favorite."

"I'm deeply flattered that you remembered. I didn't know what you were preparing for dinner so I brought two bottles each of red and white wine. With so many of us - and a few cases of nerves, we'll probably drink them all." As I talked I wolfed down three cookies, and still felt I could eat a dozen or two more.

Gale gestured to the wine and chortled, "Dutch courage?"

"A little. The girls will probably need some too. I've never done anything like what I think is going to happen tonight. The closest was several months back when Fran, Sheila, and I got together for the first time the same night we discovered I was dating sisters and getting serious about each of them."

"Well, pour me a glass of the white, if you please. Glasses are on the sideboard in the dining room. The corkscrew is next to them."

As I walked into the nearby dining room, Lyle and Nancy arrived with Aidan. There was a lot of making out going on in the foyer with the girls. Nancy migrated over to me, and I got an exceptionally tasty French kiss that melted the soles of my shoes. Gale had come out too. I took drink orders and had used up two bottles of white wine before everyone seemed temporarily happy.

Gale served a buffet dinner, and the nine of us sat around the living room eating, drinking, and enjoying lively conversation. I found myself laughing to myself because not one person addressed the obvious gorilla in the room, namely the likelihood that after dinner we would match up with our new friends in interesting combinations to make love and enjoy the wiles of a sexual evening.

After dinner, the kitchen became a strictly feminine domain. Lyle, Chip, Aidan, and I sat near each other in the living room. I could hear hushed tones of intimate conversation coming from the kitchen, but couldn't make out anything but an occasional word or name.

I said to Lyle, "Is tonight going to be ... how can I put it ... an unusually exciting one for all of us?"

He broke into a smile and said, "I hope so. Nancy and I have talked about little else all week." Chip and Aidan nodded in agreement.

"I'm pretty naïve about things like this ... situations like this. Are we men supposed to start things or is it the women? What role should I have?"

I hadn't heard Nancy sneak up behind me. She covered my eyes with her hands and leaned down and kissed my ear. She said, "You have the role of lover and dominant male for starters with Gale and me."

The other women filtered into the living room. Each went to one of the men with a sexy wiggle of their hips, and without a word ended up sitting in their lap: Fran with Lyle, Sheila with Chip, and Ally with Aidan. Each girl initiated a hot kiss.

Gale circulated in the room and dimmed the lights before joining Nancy next to me so I could turn from side to side and kiss each of them, and kiss we did: hotter and with greater intensity than I was used to, even with my horny trio of women. I remember thinking that maybe we'd gotten too used to each other, and we'd tamed down our passion and lust because we lived together all the time. This evening would sure spice up our sex lives, and probably inject some new passion into our lives.

Nancy brought my hand to her blouse, and I realized immediately that she had unbuttoned the front of it and wore no bra. As I kissed her I reached in and massaged and kneaded her two beautiful assets. A minute later, Gale equaled her friend with an identical offer.

Gale whispered to me, "If you treat my breasts just the right way, I can orgasm."

I said, "Do you prefer it that way?"

"Actually, I prefer oral sex or good old fucking. Those orgasms are a lot better, but in the mean time, I'll take any orgasm I can get."

I turned the other way, "Nancy?"

"Me too. Oral sex and good old vaginal love do it for me. I'm not into rough stuff, but catch me on the right day and I might let you have my ass. Today is not one of those days though."

I said, "Neither are we into BDSM." I looked at my roommates to see what they were up to. Ally was already topless with Aidan sucking on her luxurious breasts. Fran and Sheila were nearly topless and both were struggling to shuck off their tops. The men were obviously excited and lusting for the interactions with their new partners.

I slid off the sofa onto the living room floor, maneuvering so I was between Nancy's legs. I gently pushed her knees apart, pushing her skirt up as I did. She had a lacy thong on. I leaned in and blew hot air into the gusset of the material as I ran my hands up and down her thighs and along the skin at the very edge of the thong. Nancy was very compliant.

As I started to tend to Nancy, Gale knelt next to her friend and I watched as the two shared one of the hottest kisses I'd ever seen. Gale glanced down at me and said, "When it's Nancy and me with the three men, we don't get a chance to play together ... and we are really good playmates. You don't mind do you?"

"I can see that and the two of you interacting turns me on a whole lot. Don't let me put a crimp in your style. I can be very content to watch too, and being in the minority in my circle I often do watch a little sapphic interplay."

"Oh, you are the bearer of such good news."

"Huh?"

"Nancy and I were wondering if Fran, Sheila, or Ally might be approachable for a little girl-on-girl action."

I volunteered, "They're not only approachable, they're hoping that later tonight the five of you could play together while the men watched." I got two broad smiles with that news.

I pulled Nancy's thong down her legs and tossed it aside. Next to me, I watched Gale similarly dispose of her boy shorts. I indicated to Gale that she should sit closer to Nancy.

I kissed my way up and down Nancy's thighs, going so far on a couple of excursions to go down to her feet and suck on each of her toes, wrapping my tongue around each of her daintily painted digits. I massaged her foot in the process and then changed legs. After that, I moved to Gale and repeated the massage and foot kisses, and then kissed up her thighs, stopping just short of her pussy.

Nancy pleaded with me, "Steve, please come and ... fuck me ... make love to me."

I ignored her plea, instead returning to my massage of her legs and lower extremities, kissing the entire area, but not stimulating anything important. My hands often roamed up to her breasts to feel her erect nipples and stimulate them. Gale received the same treatment until she too was panting, and urging me to get going.

Remembering what Gale had just told me about her breasts, I helped her lose her top, and then gently and romantically made lover to her nipples, yet continuing to excite her pussy with one hand and several of its fingers. Gale started to moan, and I found that motivating so I continued. I gestured for Nancy to lean in and suck on Gale's other breast. Less than a minute later, Gale moaned, and then slumped further down the sofa. I couldn't be sure then, but I assume she had some sort of orgasm.

Elsewhere in the room, various sexual games were in play. Ally was nude and had mounted Aidan's impressive cock and the pair was enjoying her movements as he suckled on her breasts. Sheila seemed to be giving one of her world-class blowjobs to Chip. Fran was receiving cunnilingus from Lyle. I guessed we were in full orgy mode now.

On my next journey near Gale and Nancy's pussies, I allowed my tongue to make glancing blows around their labia, particularly near their clits. When I was working on one girl, I would use my fingers to tease the other with exceptionally light touches. 

I kept fluttering my tongue on each girl, and as I did they each emitted more and more lubricating fluids with the most delicious aromas. They were both far beyond ready to fuck, but I had learned that anticipation can create intense lovemaking sessions. 

I flattened my tongue and laved it against Nancy's pussy, sweeping upward across her entire cleft. Nancy writhed and squirmed, and then in one immense groan she climaxed. "Ooooooh fuuuuuccccckkkkk." As I inserted three fingers into Nancy's quim, I quickly moved to Gale and repeated the tongue action with identical results. Both women now lay panting in small afterglows from the orgasms I'd brought to them orally.

As Gale floated down from her climax, I slid two fingers into her twat, twisting and turning. I added a third, and then a fourth, and then I folded my thumb in and wedged my entire hand into her quim. Gale peaked again, even higher this time. She emitted a high-pitched wail of joy and then collapsed after arching up from the sofa. 

I toyed with Nancy, however, she was tighter and so I didn't force my way inside her. Instead, I brought my tongue back into even more aggressive action as my right hand continued to toy with Gale's pussy.

Nancy moaned, "Oh, Steve. That feels so good ... don't ... stop."

After Nancy came again, I decided I needed some action. Elsewhere in the room, everyone was fucking in one position or another. I noticed that Chip and Lyle had changed places so that Sheila was with Lyle, and Fran with Chip. I felt a pang of jealousy that I tucked away to examine later.

My dick had become harder than a steel shaft. I adjusted Nancy's position on the sofa until her pussy hung over the edge, and then I slowly entered her from my kneeling position. I could tell from her breathing that she had another climax - a small one - as I bottomed out inside her. It was nice to know I had that effect on yet another woman.

I made small gestures of motion by way of my hips and Nancy started to rise to meet me. I allowed my hands to toy with her breasts. Gale leaned in and sucked on Nancy's nearest tit. 

I pulled out all the stops from what I'd learned in the Tantric sex class, and from my reading. I carefully touched various places on Nancy's torso, neck, and head, often leaning in and kissing somewhere to test the response she had. In the meantime, I varied my pace and depth as we fucked. 

When the time seemed right, and Nancy was building to another climax, I slid my left hand under her butt, wedging a finger in the crack of her ass. With my other hand, I slapped at her pussy, and then her breast until her nipple was white with passion. I drove a finger into Nancy's ass, kissed her with Renéwed passion, and pushed and stroked six places on her torso near her sides and breasts, and then her neck. I put my hand on her neck as though I would choke her, only I didn't. It was a macho move, but it worked.

Nancy climaxed hard - very hard - very very hard. Her back arched and she pressed up into my downstrokes in a nearly impossible way. I came too, my seed shooting deep inside her as I pounded the last few strokes into her.

On my third jet of cum into her body, Nancy's eyes rolled up into her head, her eyelids closed, her body went limp, and she fainted from the extreme pleasure of the peak orgasm she felt. I was amazed. I made sure she was breathing all right, and then made her comfortable on the sofa.

Gale said, "Is she all right?" She had a touch of awe in her voice.

"Yes, and if you stroke me a little I'll be ready to do the same to you - and you'll love it."

Gale stroked my cock as I toyed with her breasts again, and kissed her with a mix of tender and passionate kisses. In two minutes I'd recovered and drove my cock into her sweet and luscious cunt. I fingered her clit for a couple of minutes, moved a hand to her ass, slapped in the right places, kissed her, and stroked the key erogenous zones. 

Gale came right on cue, arching into my downward thrusts the same way Nancy had, feeling a tremendous peak of pleasure, and then blacking out.

I pulled away from both women and stood, getting circulation back into my legs since I'd been kneeling for so long.

Lyle looked over, "Holy shit. What'd you do to them?"

"La petite mort. The little death is an orgasm so intense and so pleasurable that your body and brain can't handle that much pleasure all at once. You black out. You faint. They're both fine and should come around any second."

Prophetically, Nancy's eyes fluttered open at that point. She was panting from the orgasm she ended a few minutes earlier. Nancy looked up at me with an awestruck gaze, "You ... you ... you gave me the most intense orgasm of my life. I'm orgasmic and I have orgasms almost every day, but ... well ... nothing like what you just did to me."

Nancy looked at Gale's sleeping form beside her. "Did you do her too?"

I nodded.

"My God, you're every woman's dream. Even after I blacked out I think I was still feeling the orgasm of all orgasms. The clit on my clit on my clit even had a climax. You made my whole body vibrate. From now on I'm going to refer to what you just did as 'The Big Steve Experience. Absolutely fabulous."

I moved to sit beside her, and Nancy pulled me into another hot kiss, not as full of passion but it communicated her feelings. She whispered to me, "I will never forget what you just did to me."

Gale stirred beside us. Nancy maneuvered Gale so she was lying across her lap and she could stroke her front and breasts. Gale's eyes opened and her whole body jerked. She had a similar reaction to Nancy, heaping praise on me for my sexual prowess, and affirming that I'd done something truly monumental in her life.

Lyle had been watching us as he made love to Fran. He smiled at me as he took his pleasure, and then returned his full focus on Fran. 

By the end of the evening, I'd given Nancy about ten orgasms and Gale about seven. I'd had three, but I'd also had a few more climaxes where I didn't ejaculate just the way the Tantric sex we'd been taught was meant to be once in a while. I was still rarin' to go, but I tempered my libido for the moment.

One by one the other couples finished their lovemaking. Chip circulated through the large living room filling people's wine glasses, and bringing out cold bottled water for us. Several of us just went with water, apparently understanding that alcohol suppressed the body's response system and sometimes impeded sexual performance. I knew I'd be driving home too, and getting a DUI was not on my list of desired accomplishments.

Slowly, the banter and conversations started and people started to mill about the room and downstairs, several making trips to the bathroom including Nancy and Gale.

Sheila came and sat in my lap as I rested on the sofa. She spoke in a near whisper, "You OK? Having fun?"

I nodded and asked, "You?"

She allowed that she was with a vigorous shake of her head, "Feels a little strange still, but I've never been in a situation like this. I read some stories about things like this on Literotica. I do think everybody should have an experience like this. I already know I'll want to do it again."

I said, "I think you'll digest all this over the next day or so, and then form a better opinion. This situation could be so mind blowing for some people I bet they can't evaluate it when it's ongoing."

Sheila nodded. "I love you, you know. Don't forget that as you wonder what's going on in my head. I love you dearly." With that pronouncement, she rose and went off to the kitchen or bathroom.

Seconds later, Ally found my lap. I got an immediate kiss. She whispered, "You're a much better lover than Aidan, but he's a good student as I told him how to treat me. You understand a woman's body intuitively. I think that's why you were able to bring such earth-shattering orgasms and la petite morts to Nancy and Gale."

Lyle approached us, "Steve, I have a favor to ask."

"Sure. Go ahead."

"You worked some magic on Gale and my wife. I wonder if you'd do a demonstration for the rest of us about how you approach lovemaking and how you can create such wonderful experiences for a woman. Chip and I would like to learn how to give 'The Big Steve Experience' to women - special women we care about."

"Errr, I guess I could. With everyone focused on me though I might be a little shy and lack something in terms of performance."

Lyle said, "Oh, I'd be the same way and I understand. Nancy has never cum like that her entire life, and I thought I'd brought her to some pretty high peaks. You gave her an experience she'll never forget and that I'm wanting to duplicate for her ... and for Gale too. I know we had that Tantric class, but it's like you leaped ahead to have a Ph.D. in the subject, and I'm still back in high school."

"Oh, don't sell yourself short. Let's see what I can do in another few minutes. The instructor needs to rest and get ready."

When everyone was back in the room Lyle announced that I would be demonstrating some lovemaking techniques and maybe la petite mort. I looked to the five women to see who wanted to be a partner, and all of them leaned forward and made eye contact. I had never worked la petite mort on my three girls, so I picked Sheila. She was often the most sensitive and responsive to my advances and techniques when we were together.

I stood and walked over to where Sheila stood. I embraced her in a surrounding hug, and said, "Will you be my partner for a while. I love you very much and want to bring you pleasure and happiness."

"Oh, yes."

"Are you willing to open your heart, your body, and your mind to me and to the energy that we will share in our lovemaking?"

"Oh, God, yes."

"Do you believe that love is the highest form of energy in the universe, and that I freely and openly share my love with you?"

"I do, and I share mine with you in full measure." Sheila almost had tears of happiness in her eyes as she spoke. The tremor in her voice was unmistakable.

We sat on the sofa and for the next fifty minutes I made love to Sheila. I wasn't the only person in the room putting on a show, everyone was, but they also kept checking in with me to see what I was doing, listening to the words I spoke, and gaging the touches and tongue action, right along with the lovemaking.

Aidan was with Fran, Chip with Nancy and Ally, and Lyle with Gale. Each couple or group in Chip's case stayed up with me as I worked Sheila into the highest sexually excited state I'd ever seen her in.

Sheila proved to be the perfect test subject. Every little thing I did to her she responded to almost in an amplified way. Part way through she allowed as how Lyle and Chip had wound up her erotic feelings earlier in the night, plus she liked being an exhibitionist and having people watch her fucking.
