 I received a hero's welcome at home about eight o'clock Friday after the trip home from Pittsburgh. The girls had held dinner for me, and were hyper-attentive to my every need. Ally helped me unpack and deal with my dirty clothes. She snickered that I hadn't used my gym clothes, and that I must have gotten my exercise some other way. 

Fran made sure I had a glass of Chardonnay with ice in it, and some light hors d'oeuvres. Sheila fussed in the kitchen to get things reheated. I sat and expressed my gratitude to each of them, as well as my delight in being home with them again.

Fran had apparently been 'elected' to ask the delicate questions that hadn't come up in our short talks or emails. "Steve, tell us about your ... hook up in New Jersey."

I grinned and slowly each of them grinned back at me. "Her name is Jane Ellis, and she's one of the senior executives at TCI - the one responsible for most of the projects my company has with them. Apparently, we both found the spark of friendship really early after we met. Jane told me she wanted me within the first ten seconds of meeting me. I think she feels stronger about me right now than I do about her, so strong that I think she probably wanted to tell me she loved me when we parted. I'm close but not there yet."

Ally said, "It's OK by me for you to love her, just don't stop loving us."

"I have no intentions of stopping my love for any of you. You know I strongly believe that a person can love multiple people at the same time - and I include intimate, sexual relationships as part of that. I feel that way about Nancy and Gale too; from our intimacy together, we've grown very close and developed emotional feelings for each other."

The girls all nodded.

As we talked I pulled my iPhone out of my pocket and showed them pictures of Jane and some of the other people we'd worked with during the week. I described more about Jane's background, her role in TCI, and how she was using the weekend to do a little soul searching because I'd rocked her world so much.

I speculated, "And I suspect, particularly after this past week, that the three of you are feeling similarly inclined about Aidan. Right?"

The heads kept nodding.

Sheila said, "Aidan treated us like princesses all week. He told us you'd called him and urged him to come and make us happy and attend to our needs. Thank you. He did, and not once did any of us feel that he was trying to supplant you or undermine you or change how we felt about you. He was supportive of you and us."

Ally said with a touch of humor, "One might have thought his presence in the evenings was to be sure we were here with him, and not out cruising the bars and clubs with our friends where we might meet an 'outsider' who might win our hearts." She laughed at the thought.

I admitted, "I felt as though I took a risk in sending him here. He would have discovered I was away and found you anyway, but ... well, I really did care about you guys and wanted you to have the fun of interacting with him, and of allowing him to be your protector for a few days."

"He did well on all counts," Fran volunteered.

Sheila said, "You know we're seeing him tomorrow for dinner and evening festivities with the Reddicks and Dunns."

"Yes, I assumed that was still on." I thought for a moment, "Oh, one thing about Jane. She's very insightful. She not only finagled from me that you three were my partners, but also learned about Aidan, thanks to the photos he sent, and based on that accurately surmised that there are others in our relationships that we are intimate with. I had to duck or postpone answering her questions beyond that level of knowledge, but she knows there's a lot more that she wants to uncover about me, us, and whomever. She's very curious, but I trust her."

Fran said, "I think you should bring her up to visit some weekend soon, maybe when we're getting together with one of the groups like the Fabulous 5 and the swing group my parents have. We could try to blow her mind."

"Hey, she's my main client and I have to tiptoe so we don't blow all our business with TCI out of the water. That's a complicating factor."

Ally said, "That's what you get for dipping your pen in the company inkwell."

The rest of the weekend went predictably. Our dinner with the Reddicks and Dunns went smoothly, Aidan was a perfect gentlemen and I encouraged him to be a visitor to the girls the following week. Gale had created a den of iniquity where we could all make love in sight of each other. She also insisted that we keep changing partners, recognizing the fact that I hadn't spent as much time with my three girls as I liked the prior week. We parted warmly and satisfied at the end of the night.

Sunday, we did a 'Love In' at the condo with just the four of us. I spent dedicated quality time with Ally, Sheila, and Fran that included lovemaking while the others were out somewhere. In the evening, we talked about how I should respond to Jane, but there were no big action steps beyond the obvious ones of being nice, kind, loving, and managing expectations. The last point was a major emphasis from each of them. We also talked about Aidan being with them the coming week. After that, we went to bed, and I made love to the three of them.

Monday morning, I caught the seven a.m. flight to Newark Airport, and I was at TCI headquarters by nine-fifteen. This week, I'd be in New Jersey the entire week.

Jane lit up in a huge smile when I stuck my head in her door, blew her a kiss, and waved hello. I didn't even say anything, just waved. She was busy, but I could tell I'd made her day with the mock kiss.

I started meeting with the teams from my systems and consulting company, FDC, that we'd reviewed the prior week. I'd broken down my recommendations to each team into two parts. Part A were general things that most all the teams needed to do to improve the work and relationships with TCI, and Part B were a project specific action list as I saw it. 

The first couple of teams were a little nervous until they really understood that I was not there as a hatchet man. After that, they started to really get onboard with more ideas and recommendations, even adding and elaborating on their own. The two teams I did that day left our meetings really fired up and full of motivation to improve things. 

I finished about five-thirty, and sat in the conference room I'd been assigned going over notes for Tuesday's meeting with three more teams. About six o'clock, Jane sauntered into the room looking relaxed and ready to quit for the day.

Jane asked, "Do you have plans for dinner?"

I smiled at her, "I have nothing scheduled until nine tomorrow morning."

"Well, I'd like you to come home with me for drinks and dinner. You can see how I live, and we can see how the evening progresses from there."

"I should follow you in my car I assume? I have to check-in to the hotel again."

Jane paused and looked at me a long time. She then said in a soft voice, "You don't need the hotel. I was kind of hoping you'd stay with me."

I smiled warmly, "And I was kind of hoping you'd invite me."

I called and cancelled the hotel, and via a text also let the home front know I'd be staying with Jane the rest of the week.

Jane had a cozy three-bedroom, mid-century home overlooking a wide brook in Chatham, New Jersey. She'd obviously done a lot of renovations recently, because the house looked new, but the neighborhood was made up of well kempt older homes that were all well landscaped. Probably the most renovated room in the home was the kitchen. The room had obviously been enlarged, but I couldn't figure out what other room was taken to create the modern eat-in room that sparkled with stainless steel and black glass appliances, and granite countertops.

Jane disappeared upon our arrival to 'slip into something more comfortable.' In only a couple of minutes she reappeared looking like a genie from 1,001 Nights. She kissed me, and then tasked me with opening a bottle of wine and serving as she pulled some prepared dishes from the refrigerator. She explained that she'd done some cooking over the weekend in anticipation of some dinners at home with me. I could already tell the meals had been made with love.

I poured us wine, as she warmed a few dishes and cooked some fresh pasta. The dinner consisted of some al dente Mediterranean vegetables, and Beef Stroganoff over linguine with a yoghurt-sour cream tomato sauce. Jane knew how to cook and combine ingredients to perfection. She explained over dinner that ten years earlier she'd spent two weeks at a cooking school in Belgium just for the fun of being there, traveling, and meeting new people. She also confessed the trip had been to celebrate the end of a relationship that had gone stale, and had probably been her last serious vacation.

Her last admission led us into a long discussion about what made relationships go stale or fall apart. Jane confessed they had each fantasized about the ideal mate, and then tried to force each other to be someone they weren't. At the same time, her partner had become very needy and clingy, exhibiting jealousy at every outside contact she had, including the people she worked with. She sighed and commented that through some study and analysis since, she'd worked through what she had done and why that and some of her other attempts at long-term relationships fell apart.

Jane said, "I am a very independent woman, as you know. My career means a lot to me, partly because I'm proving to others and myself that a woman can be a high achiever and get the promotions, pay, and recognition she deserves. I guess I threaten many men, particularly those that want 'the little woman' at home raising two-point-three children in the suburbs - the proverbial soccer mom."

I softly said, "I'm not one of those men."

"Oh, I know you're not. I could tell in the first minute we interacted. You accepted me right away and without reservations. It was in your eyes. You started with each new person you met assuming they were competent, smart, knew what they were doing, and even worth more than they'd already achieved. That's rare. I wonder if you know that you've left a trail of new friends behind everywhere you've been in TCI, and I mean people that want to spend a lot of time with you and get to know you better."

"That's the way I was taught by my parents to see people. Everyone is competent and smart; they just need the right situation and job elements to shine. I see that in our own people, and I'm going to be doing some minor shifts of staff so people get in those positions where they can move into their high performance pattern."

We finished dinner, put things away, and then sat in her living room and continued to talk. Jane cuddled up to me, pulling my arm around her shoulders, but not before I took some pictures with my iPhone of her in the genie costume. When we sat to cuddle, Jane made sure my hand came to rest on her breast. I'd already noted that genies didn't wear bras.

About nine o'clock she led us to her bedroom, and I found some novel ways to extract a series of orgasms from deep within Jane's body. I enjoyed the satisfaction of being with a multi-orgasmic woman, especially one so primed to want to be with me.

After we were recuperating from round one of our lovemaking, I pulled Jane to me. I asked, "Jane, what are you looking for with us? Based on our earlier discussion, I want to make sure we're on the same page about what's going on here. You mentioned different expectations and such, and ... well, I just think we should be explicit about them."

Jane was silent a long time, and then she kissed my chest. "Steve, you are breath of fresh air in my life and something I've needed for a long time. You've already softened the hard case I'd become, and I'm grateful for that. You've made me like myself better in non-work settings. I'm not about marriage or stealing you away from your partners up north; to the contrary, I'm more attracted to you because you maintain those relationships the way you do."

To test the waters further, I said, "So you're not looking for monogamy or exclusivity?"

"Oh, lord, no. Somewhere along the line I've come to see that those are memes or ideas that we've locked into our society on a global basis."

"Can you love more than one person at a time?"

"I think so. I see you doing it, and I'm fascinated. I assume you are in love with your partners."

"I am."

Jane continued, "I mentioned last week that I think you have some other extended relationships you haven't yet admitted - sexual ones. Those don't bother me, and again I'm fascinated if I'm right as to what those look like."

"Some might shock you."

"I doubt it. I've become very liberated in my thinking about anything in the relationship area."

"What about sapphic relationships?"

"Not a bother. I've never tried one, but the idea doesn't repulse me in the least."

"Between sisters?"

"If everyone is a consenting adult and no one is being hurt or taken advantage of, then what's the problem? I know from what you told me that your partners are sisters. I sort of assumed they must have some sexual interrelationship with each other too, although I didn't go too far in my thinking about that."

"In laws?"

Jane gulped. "Double wow! You can make my eyebrows go up as to how many societal strictures you may be breaking, but to me the same rule about consenting adults applies. I think those could be beautiful relationships full of love, again if no one is being dominated or unduly coerced into something their core values reject, I say go for it." She added, "I assume someday you might tell me more."

I nodded but added, "And a broader circle of friends?"

"Ah, I assume this is where I got the feeling that you were a swinger in some part of your life. I would apply the same rule about consenting adults. Does everyone in such a situation wake up the next morning glad about what happened the night before?"

I praised her, "To my knowledge, yes. You have some unique and nice ways to look at this whole arena of unusual relationships. Have you ever done anything like what I laid out?"

Jane was silent for a while as she really thought about what I'd asked. Eventually, she said in a soft voice, "No, but I'm open to try. Maybe you can lead me a little in this. I've never had the opportunity, and to my knowledge never known anyone that even thought about 'unusual' relationships. I'm what you might call a consenting adult, but I've had no one recently to consent to except you. All prior boyfriends were plain vanilla."

"Well, someday very soon, my girls want me to bring you home for a long weekend. You could meet them, and maybe the Hensons, Reddicks, Dunns, and our friend Aidan, and maybe a few others. I suggest you take a step at a time, digest how you feel, and then try the next step if you want."

"I'd really like that - to meet your friends, the sisters, ... and your lovers." Jane smiled, and then her hand dropped down to my cock, and in only a minute she had awoken the beast in me again.

Jane whispered, "Now, come be my lover." I caught a little emphasis on the last word she spoke, but for now let it pass. She mounted me and soon we were in the heat of a passionate lovemaking session again. We fell asleep after that one, tangled together and very taken with each other.

