 I look back on the gathering of our circle and the Fabulous 5, with the senior Hensons and their swinger friends as one of the more memorable evenings of my life. Just thinking of that night can make me harden in my pants regardless of what is going on around me. A certain rapture and warm glow still sweeps over me at a single memory from the event.

We gathered at a large home in the town of Lincoln. The icebreaker for our gathering was a late afternoon cookout on one of those lovely warm days in spring a few weeks after we'd turned the clocks forward. The trees were in various stages of budding and the crocus had already passed, giving way to the daffodils and the blooming of the bright yellow forsythia. 

Most of the people at our gathering were in summer clothing but wearing light jackets, appreciating the relatively warm temperatures and anticipating a similar evening. Mandy Mason, our hostess, had given us all name tags, the kind that say 'Hello, My Name Is ____' and you write in your name. She also had us add a number next to our name that told everyone the age at which we lost our virginity. I wrote on mine 'Steve Wallace' and '18.' 

According to Mandy, we were encouraged to ask for a brief description of each person's number. My cherry had been lost to another more experienced woman named Reid, who had become the school slut because she loved sex so much. Reid was probably the first nymphomaniac I'd encountered. Reid had liked me and we hooked up often during the next couple of years whenever one or the other of us wanted a booty call, and sometimes that was a couple of times a week. 

I guessed Mandy to be about forty-five, and she fit my stereotype of a cougar perfectly, except she had a personality that suggested she must have been a cheerleader in high school and college. Her figure suggested that she could probably still fit into her cheerleader uniform as well, except perhaps she'd moved up a bra size or two or three. Talking to Mandy was distracting because she obviously had dispensed with her bra and counted on the males looking down into her cleavage to get the first thrill of the evening. Mandy bubbled like a fountain, and had that eager for whatever would happen next attitude and excitement on her face the entire day. I couldn't imagine her having a bad day or feeling depression about anything.

Mandy and Frank Mason had a back patio that had been designed for privacy and intimacy, plus I learned they lived on a five-acre lot. A half-dozen two-person chaises populated the large deck along with some singles plus a wide variety of patio furniture. Outdoor space heaters also populated the patio, taking the edge off the cool air. Their pool wasn't open yet, but a large hot tub suggested some fun for later. Some of the French doors of the home allowed us to enter the living room. In this case, Mandy laughed and called it the 'loving room' because all the furniture had been pushed to the edges of the room in favor of ten mattresses of various sizes. Mandy also explained that there were also six bedrooms in another wing of the home that would be available for use later should anyone want to use them. Each bedroom had an en suite bath and shower.

Fran and I took a self-directed tour of the large home. I noted in the various bedrooms there were obvious bowls of condoms, lubricants, towels, and sex toys scattered about. A family room was also equipped for the evening's activities, aided by a porn flick that played non-stop on a large screen television, inspiring anyone passing through the room. Just the quick glance made my mouth water about what would soon be happening.

Back on the patio, several of the men were finishing the barbeque and others had already started to eat. Fran and I got plates, some food, and then another drink. I stuck to my watered down wine to cut my alcohol consumption lest I impact my performance at the evening's main event.

After dinner, I took care of my trash and helped clean up part of the outdoor party. I then surveyed the new people I hadn't met. With a couple of exceptions the group were fit, trim, and friendly. One older gal named Rose seemed to have lost the struggle with widening hips and a paunch, but offsetting that appeared to be a set of double-D's that enticingly jiggled as she moved about plus a happy personality. I also chuckled to myself as some of the older men that were friends of the Hensons targeted Fran, Sheila, Ally, Nancy, and Gale. The new group seemed to be between forty and sixty-five, but even the oldsters had a special attractiveness to them. I also noticed there were more males than females; later I'd learn that was to please the females, particularly since some of the older gents were only good for a 'one shot' evening.

The entire group, as I had, started our get together with butterflies in our stomach and knees knocking about meeting each other, particularly with sex on the agenda. After our hour together and some liquid courage for some of us, those shaky feelings seemed to have evaporated and been replaced with smiles, laughter, and personal confidence.

As I stood assessing the group from the French doors into the family room I felt a presence behind me. A smooth feminine voice said, "Aren't we a beautiful lot?"

I nodded and turned around, "You read my thoughts exactly." I read a nametag that indicated I was talking to 'Sally Witherhold, 19.' I asked, "19?"

Sally laughed, "I was a late bloomer after being raised in a tight-ass family. It took me a year after I started college to get a better mindset about life and the enjoyment of things like ... like this evening. By the way, it was in a fraternity house with my erstwhile boyfriend at the time. He was gentle and made it a good experience for me, so I have fond memories of that night." She looked at my nametag and asked, "18?"

I told her my story about Reid. Sally and I got into a pleasant discussion about our work, the Mason's home, and how we each got into swinging but treated it as something more than just a chance to get our rocks off. Like the Hensons, Sally had started swinging in college, met her husband that way, and then gravitated to people that had a similar inclinations including the Hensons.

I mentioned our living arrangement, and Sally expressed surprise at my relationship with the Henson daughters. About that time, I watched her head jerk back and forth between me and Jean Henson, the girls' mother. Jean was looking at me with a tinge of lust in her gaze. Sally picked that up.

"Holy shit," Sally said. "You've done all the women in that family, haven't you?"

I smiled, "I don't kiss and tell. I'm sure if you ask any of them, they'll share their ..."

Before I could finish the thought, Jean had snuck up behind me. She wrapped her arms around me, turned me and gave me one of her megawatt kisses. "Steve, I hope you'll save some time for me tonight. I've gone a whole week without your loving, and I'd like just a few minutes of it later."

Sally blushed, "Jean, am I right that you and Steve ... err, have hooked up ... somehow?"

Jean bluntly said with a smile, "Oh, we've fucked a lot, and never enough. Steve has the nicest cock, and I'll tell a tale out of school here, he and my girls went to a Tantric sex class several months ago, and he's mastered the skill and art of delivering orgasms to a woman, holding off his own so he can fuck all night long if he wishes without stopping, plus developed the skill of fast recovery if he does cum. This boy is God's gift to women."

Sally ran one finger down my chest, "Well, then, can I get a spot on your dance card tonight too."

Jean said, "Sally, why don't you join the two of us. If we go right now, we can get a jump on things, so to speak." Even as she spoke, I noticed Mandy going from group to group, and table to table, telling everyone they were on their own to get the ball rolling.

I smiled at the two women. I then leaned in and kissed Jean again, and then transferred my affections to Sally, who melted like hot butter in my arms. 

Sally whispered, "Oh, please let me join you. Let's find a room."

Jean grabbed our hands and led us inside, past the porn on the television where six people were in the midst of a gangbang, and off to the bedroom wing. We took the first bedroom, and I chuckled when I saw Sally hang a small 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the doorknob. Despite the sign, she left the door open so voyeurs could watch our threesome.

I was used to a FFM lovemaking situation - two women and a man (me). I slowly peeled my new partners' clothing away from their bodies, keeping them about equal in their state of undress. I also kept pace with them myself.

When breasts were bared, I lowered my head and alternately sucked on each of their breasts as I pawed at the other. With a little creativity, I got the two of them to stand side-by-side and push Sally's left and Jean's right breasts together so I could simultaneously suck on their nipples. There was a lot of playful giggling and laughter about that idea.

Stripped bare, we all lay on the bed and made out. I slithered down their bodies, and then took turns eating Jean and Sally's pussies. I added fingers to the mix, and soon each woman started to respond to my touches and kisses with shudders and shakes, until Sally and then Jean had significant orgasms. By now, the pair were holding each other and kissing one another - a sapphic liaison that I found arousing to watch from my position at their love nests.

Jean eventually begged for my cock, and so I rose and sank myself into her soaking pussy. We both moaned with the utmost pleasure as the feelings of cock-in-cunt swept over the two of us. Jean surrounded my cock with the warmth, snugness, and wetness of her pussy. She could feel my steely shaft slide past all her pleasure points until I was deep inside her. We then started to move together, at first in the missionary position.

Not to be left untouched, Sally mounted Jean's head so Jean could eat her pussy, and add to what I'd already done moments earlier. After a minute of Jean's attention, Sally nearly fell into my arms and we kissed, as my cock pumped into Jean.

We switched around several times, and I found Sally as delightful a partner as Jean, although I felt more of a connection and intimacy with Jean because of our history together. We went for about an hour, and I'd delivered countless orgasms to the two women. I was also feeling the desire for my own wet orgasm, thus, as I pounded into Sally's pussy as she knelt and ate Jean's pussy, I warned the women of my intentions. Jean came immediately, and then I could feel the interior muscles inside Sally's vagina start to tighten and loosen in spasms, as she started to cum again. I erupted like an active volcano as I hammered into her quim. She let out a series of little shrieks, and I dumped my cum into her body in about eight rapid convulsions from deep within my own body.

We all fell into each other's arms in our afterglows. Little was said as we each savored the enjoyment of the sexual high we'd just had. I alternately kissed Jean and Sally, telling them how much I appreciated them sharing themselves with me and how I hoped I had brought them the pleasure they'd hoped for. They assured me I did a perfect job.

Eventually, we rose and straightened up the bedroom so others could feel comfortable in it. We'd spread towels beneath us, so we weren't leaving a wet spot on the bed. I asked about the protocol about showering before rejoining the rest of the party, but Jean and Sally told me that many of the women preferred to not clean up until the very end, and that they like the men a little messy too.

Jean said, "When we appear, some of the men or women will clean up our pussies from our time together. Since Sally is dripping your cum, she'll be a hot commodity for many of the others. They like to eat their cream pies, particularly those left behind by new participants."

We exited the bedroom, changed the sign on the door to 'Available,' and went back to the Loving Room. As we approached the room, I could see half a dozen couples spread out on the various mattresses in various states of coitus and making out. Looking outside to the patio, now lit with Tiki torches and the outdoor heaters, I could see three other couples on the chaises fucking up a storm. 

I recognized Aidan and Ally as one of the couples outdoors. I wondered how their discussion had gone earlier when I'd seen them in close conversation together. From the passion and enthusiasm of the fuck they were in the midst of, I had to believe it had been a constructive discussion.

Mandy, our hostess came up and planted a big kiss on my lips and then drove her tongue into my mouth. I took this as an invitation to play with a new partner. I commented, "Would you prefer I showered first?"

By way of an answer, Mandy pulled me about ten feet to the nearest mattress and then knelt in front of me and started to suck on my shaft. As her head oscillated back and forth, I looked around me at the roiling sea of fucking human flesh. I realized she was taking most of my entire hard shaft down her throat, at least up to the last inch, and that made me quake and shake as the pleasure washed over me like a wave. She also used her tongue to lick my scrotum during and between her oscillations. 

Mandy started to turn and twist her head with me submerged in her mouth, and the feeling of her tongue and throat sliding back and forth around the head of my cock was astounding and unprecedented. I stopped Mandy, because I could tell that in a couple of minutes I'd lose control and waste a shot I'd just as soon deposit in her pussy.

Mandy smiled and we exchanged a few intimate words about what she'd just done, and what I intended to do to her for the next half-hour. I had Mandy mount me in a cowgirl position so I could play with and adore her delightful full breasts, and we could come together often to kiss and swirl our tongues together. I wondered if Mandy had such robust breasts when she was a cheerleader; she sure would have been entertaining to those in the stands.

I marveled at how good sex always seemed to have a wet, oral flavor to it. It wasn't just stick Shaft A into Hole B; it was wet sticky cocks sliding in and out of warm pussies dripping with anticipation, the saliva of an adoring lover, and the cum of previous fucks. Good sex was dirty too. It wasn't squeaky clean, no, it had words associated with it - spoken words like slut, cock, cunt, fuck, and ass. It was a willingness to change positions and to be exhibitionists that inspire others.

The sex Mandy and I had set an example for the rest of the room. Gradually, I felt all the eyes turn to us and the ears tune in to the filthy names we were calling each other, and the descriptions of what we were seeing and doing to one another, and to the cheerleader fantasy that Mandy started to describe to me. We kept changing positions, but always moving so several of the couples near us got a floorshow by two experts fucking.

Mandy found that unique place in her mind and body where orgasms rush by in a constant stream, one cleansing blast of pleasure giving way to the next without any recovery time in between. She looked at me with a pleading look that spoke long tales of lust: stop, I can't stand it anymore, and never stop, because I want to die in this state of constant bliss.

When I allowed myself the pleasure of ejaculation into her body, we had been fucking non-stop for forty-five minutes. Our bodies were dripping with the sweat earned by the hard work of pleasing the other, our limbs were tired from the muscular exertion we'd spent remaining coupled as pleasure ripped through us, and our minds were sated with the visuals of our partner's nude body above, below, or next to us as our parts pistoned together. At the end of our fuck, Mandy's low guttural growl that had persisted for our time together turned into a short shout of pleasure that no one in the house could miss. I think I might have yelled some kind of curse at her too; one that fit like, 'Slut, take my cum.'

I collapsed into a series of passionate kisses with Mandy that turned into more tender and gentle kisses where I wasn't worried about my lips splitting open. We fell apart, my flaccid penis, dragging a wet track of semen across her open thighs.

A woman I knew only as Sarah was suddenly upon the nether regions of our bodies. She spent a minute cleaning my shaft with her mouth, and then tracing back along my pecker tracks to Mandy's dripping cunt. In another minute every trace of cum was gone from outside her pussy, and in another minute I doubted that Mandy retained all but a trace of what I'd deposited into her body at the end of our lovemaking.

Mandy kissed me again. She whispered, "I need you to come and do that to me at least once a day. I am a puddle of human flesh right now, and I've never felt better or better fucked in my life. Don't tell Frank that."

I just nodded. Mandy had been a hot little fuck too. One of my better lays, in part because she wasn't passive. No, Mandy had pushed her body forward to meet my strokes into her body; she'd rolled with me and even suggested new ways to please each other. She'd put on a visual porn show for me and for the people around us.

Sarah left us after a few minutes, and we continued to lie side by side, panting and gasping for the precious oxygen that would renew our bodies. Gradually, our physiology returned to what might be called normal. Those around us that had been watching our 'show,' returned their attention to their partners. 

I helped Mandy stand and pulled her into a hug. We both muttered 'Thank you' to each other, and then I let her lead me to the kitchen. She got us each a glass of orange juice. Mandy said with an instructional tone, "The juice will rejuvenate you faster than booze, and provide some energy for the next round."

"How late do these parties last?"

"All night if you want. Don't rush off. There'll be no awkwardness in the morning when the light of day illuminates all our wrinkles and pock marked bodies." She laughed. "People do tend to leave then, however, but it's not required. Heck, you can stay here all week, just fuck me like you just did a few times each day and I'll even become your sex slave."

Eventually, we separated. I went to check on the girls. I found Sheila being fucked in a corner of the living room by a man I didn't know. She gave me a little wave, but her face was tense and her jaw clenched as she focused on her next orgasm. Ally was outside on one of the chaises, riding Frank, our host. Her nubile body bounced with glee atop his muscular frame. The light caught the gray chest hair where her hands rested. 

Fran wasn't visible so I figured she was in a bedroom. I prepared a plate of hors d'oeuvres and started to nibble as I drank my juice. About five minutes passed, and I saw Fran come back into the room accompanied by two older men, both of whom looked like they'd been well used and put away wet. She saw me, said something to the men, and came over.

I spoke first, "Two?"

Fran came in close to me, "Yeah, I'm going to walk funny for a week. They did me at the same time - a DP: one in my pussy and one in my ass. For a while we had a third guy who I was blowing, so I was airtight. Steve, I had so many orgasms I lost count. We need to do this more often, that was a good experience but my ass is sore and stretched."

"Did you shower?" I pulled her pretty body to mine so I could feel her female flesh against my own.

"No, I washed a little in the bathroom. They had me use an enema before so I'd be cleaned out and ready for their shafts. I'm squeaky clean inside and out now. They used condoms so I'm not even leaking."

"I know what'll make you feel good. Come with me."
