 We came back from Aspen to Denver on Sunday night. Those from the east coast caught Monday morning flights, and Jane, Marge, Brenda, and I went to work, as usual, at TCI. By the end of the week I was tired. On my flight from Denver back to Boston the following Friday, I stared out the window of the first class cabin and thought about the sex, my consulting career, the many partners I had available, my lifestyle, and my engagement to Fran. 

Fran didn't just like the sex, she loved it, even craved it. She was always a willing participant in our group parties, and liked having sex with multiple men in one evening, often at the same time. She liked threesomes or foursomes where she'd be made 'air-tight' as the slang expression went: a cock in cunt and ass, as she gave a third man a blowjob. Group sex was a treat.

By admission, Fran was a nymphomaniac - a female blessed with a gene that made her one of the most oversexed women on the planet. Out of seven billion people, half of them female, I wondered how many there really were. Maybe there should be an international club where they could meet similarly inclined males. I guess I attracted them because I sure had a lot of oversexed women around me. Fran's two sisters fit that moniker, along with Zoey, Jane, Marge, and many of the other women I'd slept with.

I wondered if my attraction to oversexed women had to do with pheromones that I gave off that signaled I was available, horny, and had consummate fucking skills. I chuckled at that ridiculous thought.

I recalled Fran's brief flirtation with Joel, particularly how I'd responded to their pairing. Without the prod of that burgeoning relationship I would no doubt have drifted along in my relationship with Fran and not gotten engaged. Seeing her with him or knowing she was at his apartment made me uncharacteristically jealous and cautious because I was picking up strange vibes from him about how he treated women. Finally, at one of our group parties, he'd stepped way over the line with her, and he turned out to be the loser in many ways. Aidan had heard that he'd moved away from Boston.

Fran, and for that matter Sheila and Ally, rarely mentioned that event again after I'd clobbered the asshole for what amounted to attempted anal rape. Nonetheless, I'd sent a message that night not only to Fran but to the others about how I loved them and stood to be their protector, even when faced with someone who was four inches taller and had forty pounds on me. I flexed my hand recalling the near knockout punch I'd made. The other women in my life that heard the story also thought of me as a protector based on that story.

I wondered what being married to Fran in the midst of all the group sex would be like, but then I remembered that Dave and Jean Henson, Fran's mom and dad, had met at a swing party, and had been swinging most of their married life ever since. They'd nicely integrated the 'lifestyle' as they called it, into their daily lives, particularly on the weekends.

Fran and I had talked about having a family. Sheila and Ally had chimed in too, and after some discussion they decided among themselves that eventually I should father one child with each of them. I wondered how we could have three kids and still have Sheila and Ally live with us as a polyamorous family. I didn't want to give up living and loving with the three of them, even when married and even with children, however, there might be some neighborhood stigma wherever we'd be. That would require some further thinking.

I also resolved to do some research about children being raised in extended families. Of course, in the old days, before the mid-twentieth century, living with a household full of people was more the norm than the exception - parents, aunts, uncles, boarders, and who knows who else, would all be housed under one roof, and I suspect sometimes in the same bed.

Was I having too much sex? Had I passed some level of acceptability? In a typical week I'd have sex with five or six women, and sometimes as many as eighteen if one of the New England sex parties took place. I estimated I was having about fifteen 'rounds' of sex a week on average, but I might have two or three orgasms in a round while I gave out four or five times that many.

The thought about all the women I'd had sex with made me pull out a piece of paper and make a list: Fran, Sheila, Ally, Jean, Jane, Pam, Brenda, René, Marge, Cindy, Gale, Nancy, Rita, Zoey, Penny (swinger), Gloria, Mandy, Rose, Sally, Sarah, Helen, Sandy, Wendy, Alice, Paula, Marie, Susan, Betty, Sandra, Sharon, Kim, Dot, Ginny, Margot, Devon, and Julie. There were thirty-six names, and sure many of them I'd only fucked once or twice at the swing parties the Henson's introduced us to or at the hook-ups in Key West. I saved the list because I had fond memories of each woman.

I had a reputation as a bit of a stud, more because I practiced the loving techniques of Tantric Sex than anything else, plus many women talked about the Big Steve Experience with each other - some kind of ultimate orgasm for them. Each woman I made love with often mentioned how she felt an inner warmth from me and love from me that no one else had ever shown her, in some cases even their husbands.

When I thought about making love, I thought about commitment, not in terms of ownership or possessiveness, but in terms of the things my partners and I negotiated and agreed. We hadn't left things open for missed expectations; we'd tried to make the important things explicit. We wanted to be sure we could keep the commitments we made, otherwise I encouraged any of us to say, 'I'm sorry I can't promise that.'

Fran, Sheila, Ally, Jane, René, and I had grown to think of our commitment to each other in terms of a trinity, and no, not one involving some God out there or other religious mumbo-jumbo. This was the trinity of mind, body, and spirit. We were each committed to the growth of ourselves and each other in these three connected areas.

One other thing I missed, yet felt glad it was behind us on the other, was our basking in the honeymoon stage of our relationships where we all felt NRE or new relationship energy. This heightened state of emotional and sexual receptivity that carried such a huge load of sexual and romantic energy also had elements of transience and superficiality, like knowing a shooting star will eventually burn up. Now, for most of us, that time period had passed. We'd become a pretty realistic group of people living and loving together, accepting each other's foibles and faults, and doing a great job of coping together.

The five of us were allowing our warts to show, and we were learning to live with them, and often to laugh at them. We weren't out to fix each other either. Part of our commitment to each other was welcoming our diversity and differences.

