 We were all up early the next day: Pam and I to get to work at TCI, and René to head off to her classes and rotation. René dropped a bit of a bomb on me just before she left, "Steve, I should have mentioned this last night, but it looks like I might have a job just outside Boston after the end of the semester. I have to do a residency, just the way doctors do. This one is in Concord at a place called Emerson Hospital. It looks nice on the Internet; do you know it?"

I stammered and stuttered, "Of course, I know it. It's a beautiful place with a great reputation in the area. I think it's affiliated with Mass General too, so you'll end up with a great set of credentials."

René said, "In a month, I have to go up there to find a place to live. Maybe I can travel with you when you go home on a Friday."

I blurted out, "Oooooh, NO! You already have a place to live! It's with me. You're MY sex slave, so you'd better deliver on your indenture, slave."

René laughed as she put her dishes in the sink, "You're kidding, right? I don't want to be a burden."

"No, I'm very serious. I want you to come and live with us. You've been part of this crazy extended family of mine almost from the start, and you've met most of the people closest to me. I know Fran, Sheila, and Ally would be upset if you didn't at least consider moving in with us. We have the room, and we want you."

René studied me to test my sincerity. "Let me think about it. I'll be home about eight tonight and we can talk some more."

Pam pulled me through the door in the direction of the car. She yelled back at René, "Wait to have dinner. We'll go out again. I'll be here too."

Pam's availability was news too. I had a million questions about whether Jane knew about René's departure in two months. I had the feeling that she didn't, and I didn't think it was my place to tell her. I'd see what René said that evening.

I did call the apartment as soon as I got to TCI and had some privacy in the conference room. Fran and Ally were still there, but Sheila had already left for work. I quickly described what I knew about René's plans and asked whether I'd be out of place inviting her to be our roommate.

Without hesitation, the two effused over the idea that René could stay with us. They loved the idea and assured me that Sheila would too. Nonetheless, after ending the short call with them, I called Sheila and got her just before she got to her job. I repeated the situation with René, and she too made me swear to insist that she come and live with us.

Personally, I worried a little about the dynamic of one guy - me, living with four women, and trying to please them sexually. The three girls in Cambridge were sisters, and I considered myself engaged to all of them with Fran being a primary of some kind. That was the vocabulary they used, so I'd adopted it. How would René's presence affect the balance between the sisters, or me and the sisters, or me and René for that matter? Would Jane be pissed at me or us for stealing her sex slave? I chuckled to myself as I posed the last question.

I sent Jane my usual morning text shortly after I guessed she'd gotten up. I also texted Marge just so she wouldn't think I'd forgotten about her too. Shortly, I heard back from each of them with short 'I love you' messages. Marge had told me that my messages to her also reminded her that she needed to communicate with Malcomb back in New Jersey. Apparently, as Marge was spending so much time in Denver, her widow friend Marion had moved in with Malcomb and the two of them were fucking up a storm, now that Malcomb had reestablished himself as a sexual animal.

From time to time, I also sent emails or texts to Jean, Brenda, Gale, Nancy, Rita, and a few others I could claim as lovers, just so they would know I was thinking about them. Fran encouraged the practice because she knew how special it made each woman feel about the impression she'd made on me.

I ended my meeting with one of the project teams at five o'clock. Several of them were going to take the PATH train into New York City to go to a Broadway show, and I didn't want to screw up their social plans. I was pleased that those going were a mix of TCI and FDC people. The interaction between the two teams was good and build great client relationships. Of course, I had my own great relationships with Jane, Pam, and Brenda.

I stuck my head in Pam's office briefly, waved, and then went to use her empty conference room until she was ready to leave. During my wait, I disposed of about a hundred emails, most of which were of the FYI variety.

Pam came and got me about six o'clock, and we headed out to go to what I called 'home' in New Jersey - Jane's pretty home. Pam wanted to stop by her house to pick up some clothes for the next day, so we took the long way to Jane's.

At Pam's home, Pete was there, and so was Zoey - the little slut Pete and Bob had picked up at a party they were at one night a few months earlier. Zoey was a certified nymphomaniac, the kind of girl that can never get enough sex on a 24/7 basis. I'd been with her a few times when we got together as a group, and indeed she was young, cute, wise beyond her years, and her reputation was justified. Zoey was scantily dressed, and I thought it was pretty obvious that Pete had recently fucked her since they both had that flushed look. I'd learned from Pam that Zoey, while a great slut, belonged to MENSA, and had a trust fund larger than the state of New Jersey.

Pam kissed her husband, and then even kissed Zoey. She asked about Bob, and found that he was due home in about an hour. Hearing that, Zoey hopped up and said, "Oh, I guess I'd better start dinner."

Pam cocked her head to one side upon hearing that but let it slide by. Here was Pete's little slut sort of taking over some of the domestic duties of the home, and clearly after fucking her husband. 

Of course, there I stood, Pam's paramour, waiting for her to change clothes and pack a small bag so she could spend the night with me. When I had a chance to pull Pam aside so she wasn't in front of the others, I said, "Pam, if you want to stay here with Pete and Bob tonight, by all means do so. I don't want to be the cause of any rift or have you honoring some expectation you think I have about you having to be with me. I saw how you were ... what, upset? ... about Zoey fixing dinner for the guys."

Pam studied me, gave me a quick kiss on the lips, and said, "That's exactly why I love you so much. The guys and Zoey are fine; they'll fuck the living daylights out of her tonight ... or she will do them that way. Either way, they're fine and don't need me around to cramp their style. They like to DP her anyway, and I only do that about once a year. Besides, I have a beautiful evening planned with you and René." She gave me a sweet smile and kissed my cheek.

I accepted her statement, but worried about her absence from her own home front. We visited a little with the two of them until Bob came home. Everyone kissed for a bit, and then Pam and I left. I thought how awkward I felt, leaving with a wife while her husband and other partner in their threesome sat with their hot little slut awaiting her to serve them dinner, and then obviously expecting a wild night of sex with Zoey. There were a lot of strange situations like that in my life.

Pam and I were sitting in Jane's living room having a glass of wine when René got home. She looked tired from a busy day. We both got up to give kisses and welcome home hugs. I could see her outlook improving by the second.

Before I unloaded all my pent up questions on René, I suggested with go the Madison Inn for dinner, an idea that met with success. We turned and headed out the door, leaving our empty glasses and an empty plate that had held some cheese and crackers to clean up later.

After we'd ordered dinner, René looked at me. I'd already discovered she could read me like a book. She said, "All right, I know you're full of questions. Fire away."

I grinned, "Well, for starters, why don't you give us the who, what, why, where, when, and how, on what you told us this morning about moving to Boston."

René smiled, "Well, it actually got a little firmer today. I got a call from Emerson Hospital, and they definitely want me, the pay is good, and I'll have three of their top docs as my mentors and bosses. The job starts a week after the end of this semester. If they sign off on my work, then I am - Ta dah! - a real physicians assistant, and I can hang out my shingle so long as I have a boss who's a licensed doctor."

Pam asked, "Why'd you pick Emerson? I assume you had a choice."

"I did, and I chose it because ... well, Steve and his covey of women are there, and I wanted to be close to him and them."

I spoke up, "Then definitely my offer of this morning stands."

René said, "But you'll have to ask each of your partners about me. I don't want to upset anything, particularly with you engaged to one of them."

I smiled. "Already done. They not only want you, they want you with enthusiasm to have you in our pack. I talked to each of them this morning after you indicated you might be coming up there."

René flopped back in her chair, "Oh, this is so cool. I ... I mean ... This'll be like a dream come true to live with you for a while. Look, if I am upsetting anything you've got to let me know and I'll find another place. I'll pay rent of course. And, depending on my schedule I can help do housework and cook just like I was doing here." She grinned and added, "Plus, I still have my sex slave duties to perform now and then, if you want me."

I laughed, "Oh, I want you, all right." After a moment, I asked, "We'll work out the details later. Right now my big question is, have you told Jane?"

René grimaced, "No. I guess I need to, huh?"

I nodded. "She might want you or me to arrange care for her house, and things like that. She does seem marooned in Denver for the time being."

Pam stepped in, "I could check on the house if it's only a couple of times a week. It's not too far off my usual route home, plus the times you're in New Jersey you'd probably be staying there anyway, wouldn't you?"

I said, "If Jane is still willing to let me."

René said, "I'll call her this weekend and iron out the details. Can I commit the two of you to checking on the house and living there as you said?"

Pam and I nodded.

René went on to talk about what she knew about her upcoming job, and the need to pass all her courses before she finished up her formal schooling. Pam and I were fascinated with her schooling and the probationary period as an entry-level PA.

After dinner, we did the predictable, and went back to Jane's house to make love. To spice things up for Jane, I used an app on my iPhone that takes time-delayed selfies, and I got a picture of the three of us in her bed about to make love. I sexted the picture with the caption, 'We miss you. Love from P, R, and S.'

Two minutes later I got a reply sext from Jane. It was a picture of Marge's legs and pussy, proving at least that Marge hadn't been wearing any underwear at work that day. The caption she gave the picture was, 'We miss you too - all of you.' 

A little later, Jane sent another picture, this time of herself, Marge, and TJ similarly dressed in nothing and about to make love. Her caption this time said,  'Same thing seems to be going on out here in the west - lots of arousal and fucking. Have fun. Call me tomorrow around my lunch hour. Come and make love to me soon. J'

My reply sext photo showed my cock buried to the hilt in Pam's hairy pussy. René took the photo and I thought it was a good representation of how the evening seemed to be ending. Much later, I texted one showing René's pussy with my cum leaking from the gaping hole I'd left after my long assault on her sex. All I got as replies each time were smiley faces, so I guessed they were too busy to take photos out west.

On Friday, I brought René home with me to Cambridge. She'd been up a couple of times before, but I thought she'd like to talk to her future roommates (Fran, Sheila, and Ally), and see some of the details about Emerson Hospital. Aidan joined us on Friday by special request, and Rita's husband Sean also came by since Rita had gone to mid-state New York to her parents' home for the weekend. Fortunately, this improved the ratio of men to women for the weekend. 

René was in the spirit of the weekend, and after dinner on Friday went off with Sean to our bedroom without much ado. Aidan coupled with Ally, and I had Fran and Sheila. After round one of some comfortable sex, we changed partners. 

I remember holding Sheila as Fran sucked my cum from her pussy, and thinking how great a sex life we each had. What other's fantasized about, we lived on a daily basis.

Saturday morning, after a round of morning sex, I took René and we drove out to Concord to walk around Emerson Hospital. One of the nurses stopped us to ask if she could help us find something and René explained her status. The nurse grabbed ahold of her wrist and led her through a maze of corridors as I followed, and into a doctor's office. The man she introduced us to was Doctor Howard Grayson, the man René would report to.

Howard was an aging, gray haired, distinguished looking, elder statesman on the hospital staff who oversaw and mentored the young PAs like René. He was so welcoming and effusive over René's arrival; I thought she'd blush her way into oblivion. He made sure she got a royal tour of the hospital, joined us for lunch, and kept introducing her to other colleagues she'd interact with. By three o'clock in the afternoon when we left, René's head was swimming with information and names, and I could tell she was juiced up like never before about finishing her program back in New Jersey.

Sean and Aidan had taken the girls to a Boston Red Sox game for the afternoon. Somehow Sean had gotten five tickets at the last minute. They were just getting home after walking from Fenway as René and I arrived. We shared our experiences, and then I nudged René to call Jane and bring her up to date.

René went off with her cellphone and soon I could hear her explaining the emerging situation and her change of life to Jane. I brought René a glass of wine to her delight as she talked. I detected a conciliatory tone in René's voice that indicated to me that Jane might feel a little miffed at the upcoming changes. Accordingly, I indicated to René that I wanted to talk to Jane when she was through.

Fifteen minutes later, René came back into the living room and passed me her cellphone so I could talk to Jane. I went off into the bedroom so I didn't have to compete with the living room conversations as we talked.

"Hi Darling."

"Hi. I'm missing René, but then I haven't seen her for two months."

"She'll still be in contact even though she'll be living up in Cambridge with us. She's not gone forever."

"I know. I know. Moreover, when she moved in with us we talked about just this situation as she finished her degree and would need to move on. Is the place she's going to work nice."

"Mind-blowingly nice. She got such a warm reception today when I took her out to the hospital. It's not far, and for her it'll be a reverse commute, so the traffic won't be too bad."

Jane opined, "Plus she's cute, and she'll meet all these hunky doctors out there who'll want to get into her pants."

I chuckled, "I'll tell her not to wear any when she goes to work, just like Marge. Hey, I loved the photos the other night. That was fun."

Jane laughed, "They blew TJ out of the water, and Marge too. They both got turned on even further seeing what you guys were up to."

I reminded her, "You do delete those from your phone, right?"

"I will. I went back and looked at them all again the next morning. I know what you said about someone finding them on my phone. Bad idea, right?"

"Right, particularly for someone in your exalted position."

"I'm being pressured to take this job on a full-time basis, but I don't want it."

I asked, "What is that job a stepping stone to?"

"Good question." After a silence, Jane said, "I guess either an EVP post or chief operating officer."

"Are you deserving of either?"

I heard the pride in her voice come through, "Oh, absolutely. In the months I've been here I've turned the whole place around. We have the largest profits for the quarter ending next week that this unit has ever posted. Morale is up. Attrition is down. We have a banner crop of new employees starting with us in June after they graduate. This is an entirely different company now than when I took over."

"Why don't you argue that you've done your thing, left your mark, and now you want to get back to your old job - or something back east?"

"I'll give it another go. You reminded me of a few ways to come at the problem."

I reminded Jane, "I will see you Monday afternoon, as usual."

"Great. Brenda and Mike want to join us that evening for dinner and afterwards. Marge might come too, although I heard TJ asking her to go somewhere with him."

We talked a little longer and then ended the call. Back in the living room I gave René a questioning look. She shook her head, "Jane's not happy at the change, but is sort of resigned to it."

I recommended, "Send Jane some flowers and card saying, 'Thanks for being so understanding.' She'll appreciate and it'll help grease the skids. Be sure to tell her you love her and still want to be in her life.

René flew back to New Jersey Sunday morning so she could get a day of studying in. She remained pumped up from her visit to Emerson, and I guessed that she'd see an increase in her grades because of her renewed enthusiasm for the end result.

René's departure left three men - Sean, Aidan, and me, and three women - Fran, Sheila, and Ally. Fran put the men's names in her baseball cap, and had each girl draw to see whom they'd start the rest of Sunday with. Fran got Sean, Sheila got Aidan, and Ally chose me by default.

We went into the master bedroom with the two beds in it. Sean and Fran ended right beside Ally and me. As Sean started to eat Fran out, Ally started a blowjob on me - one of her favorite things to do. Fran and I were lying back and making out, at least until Fran started to tell me in detail about what Sean was doing to her and how much she liked it. This was her 'dirty talk,' and in seconds she had me hardening even further.

"Steve, I can feel Sean's tongue trying to fuck my tight little pussy. Oh, now I'm being double penetrated by his tongue and his fingers ... oh, fuck, he's put a finger in my ass too. This feels like a warm bath, so nice and so wonderful. I never want it to stop, and you know ... Sean ... your friend ... the husband of Rita who you like to stick your cock into and fuck until you cum ... well, he's going to make me ... CUM!"

Fran's back arched, and a climax rolled past her. Sean shot me a quick glance with a wicked smile of satisfaction. 

As Sean moved up to plow into Fran in the missionary position, Ally shifted to mount me. Fran kept up her running commentary about how 'hot' Ally and I looked as we fucked - she described in lurid detail what my cock sliding into her sister's cunt looked like, how Ally's breasts shimmied and resonated with our fucking motions, and how nice Sean's fat cock felt in her quim. I had to applaud Fran for having such a wide vocabulary of words for everything sexual.

Fran wasn't only turning me on; she was getting each of us in the room more aroused than we'd been in quite a while. We jockeyed around in other positions, and the commentary continued, now describing what new areas in her own pussy Sean's cock was finding to stimulate. 

Sean and I changed partners for a few minutes just to give Fran something to talk about. She didn't stop, talking about how our cocks felt different inside her, and how our hands, tongues, and lips were doing different things than the other. We changed back after a couple of minutes when Fran seemed to run out of steam, and that gave her another charge of words to describe how the change was heating her up to be 'the most fuckable girl on the planet.'
