 My lovemaking with Ally had been seriously interrupted by the screams from one of the bedrooms. I ran through a mental check: the voice was Fran's and she was in trouble. She's yelled with a mix of anger, pain, and anguish. "NO! GOD DAMN IT, I SAID NO. HELP, SOMEONE HELP." I was up and running across the house as fast as I could, even leaping pieces of furniture.

The first room I went to contained Dave Henson and Wendy. They were pulling apart as he moved a little slower than I had to see what was going on.

I heard it again; screaming, loud and complaining, "NO, YOU BASTARD. THAT HURTS. STOP. NO! HELP!"

I barged into the next bedroom with my fists clenched and adrenalin surging through my veins. Fran lay on her stomach on the bed, her legs spread wide apart by the man kneeling behind her - Joel. He was obviously trying to sink all of his generous cock in her ass. Fran squirmed and fought to get away from him, but he yanked her back by her hair - hard, as he tried to impale her. He grabbed an arm and twisted it up behind her back to hold her down. She screamed again, "NOOOOOOOO. Stop, please stop!" She started to sob as the rape scene unfolded in those few microseconds.

I stepped forward, and with my left hand I grabbed Joel's right shoulder and spun him part way towards me. My right fist hurled through space at Mach 1 and solidly connected with Joel's jaw. I heard a snap and something break. I couldn't tell in that instant whether it was part of me, part of Joel, or both. I felt a searing pain in my hand. Someone was yelling for Joel to stop, and I realized that I'd been the one screaming in anger at him.

Two other men - Dave and Aidan, were suddenly there pulling Joel away from Fran and onto the floor. Joel appeared stunned by my blow. Blood trickled from a gash on his lower lip. As his upper body landed with a thud between the two men, I turned and gave his balls a worthy kick with my bare foot. I connected with something serious, because I could hear a 'whoompf' as every bit of air came out of the man. I wound up my foot and kicked again. This time I was sure I got his balls square on. I heard a groan of pain.

Joel curled up in a ball. Lyle, Chip, Pam, Brad, and several others came flying into the room then, and I realized that only about twenty seconds had passed since I'd come through the doorway. I was about to render a third kick to Joel's balls when Aidan grabbed me and pulled me away from the downed man.

Nancy stood over the very subdued Joel who had started to hold his jaw with one hand. She yelled at him, "You knew the rules; no means NO, and you broke them. There are no second chances on this. Get your clothes and leave, and never contact any of us again. Get out. GET OUT NOW!"

I had flopped down on the bed next to Fran and enveloped her in my arms. "Are you all right? What can I do? Did he hurt you badly? I love you. Oh, God, let me take care of you and make this all go away. I'm so sorry. This is a horrid situation; you were being raped."

What I lacked in coherence, I made up for with the emotion in my voice. Fran was sobbing wildly as she let me hold her tightly to me. Jean came over and joined me, sliding in behind her daughter with a large towel to encase her quaking form. At that point, Fran dissolved into wild and uncontrolled sobbing.

I heard Aidan talking roughly to Joel. "You have fucked up badly, you asshole. Monday you will quit the agency first thing, and we never want to see you again. I will spread the word about all over town if you're not out of there by lunch. I may anyway." I had never heard Aidan so tough or so angry.

Two of the men escorted Joel out of the room, and later I learned they pushed him out of the house after Joel had dressed, again with admonitions to never return or contact anybody. They assured him that his name and reputation would spread far in the circles connected with the circle, and also impressed upon him the fact that felony rape charges lurked if he made any further trouble for anyone.

Fran quieted down after a few minutes. In her choked up voice she tried to explain, "I was trying to be nice to him ... to allow him another opportunity to make love to me despite my becoming engaged. It was a peace offering," she sobbed. "He got mad ... mad that I'd accepted your ring ... mad that I wouldn't be dating him again outside of this group ... and then he decided he'd have some fun and fuck my ass. I didn't want that with him, so I told him 'No' about a dozen times before he flipped me over and started to force himself into me. That's when I started yelling. He never really got inside me, but ... well, he hurt me, especially where he was pulling my hair and arm to control me."

Gale brought an ice pack for my hand. One of the older men was a physician, and he came and examined Fran and then my hand. Fran was fine, but I'd broken a bone in my hand, and would need a cast or splint of some kind. 

Fran and I collected our clothing and dressed, along with some of the others. Aidan promised to be sure that Pam, Sheila and Ally got home all right. I asked him to stay overnight with them in case Joel continued to have aggressive thoughts or wanted some strange form of vengeance. 

Fran and I drove to the Emergency Room at Mass General Hospital. We arrived about midnight to an ER in chaos. About two o'clock in the morning a doctor and nurse worked over my hand to take x-rays, reset the broken bone, and put a splint and cast on my hand and wrist. By the time they finished it was four-thirty. We got home about five o'clock, and found Aidan, Pam, Sheila, and Ally still awake and waiting for us. Fran had been texting them updates on my pain and treatment.

The painkillers made me groggy, so without much ado, we all headed to bed. Fran and I were together in the queen bed, and the other four took our big bed. I awoke about eight o'clock, and Fran gave me another dose of pain pills, and I conked out again for another four hours.

When I awoke at noon, I was spooned against a naked and sleeping Pam. Everyone else was up, dressed, and fully functioning. I still resided in that hazy land of left over pain pills, the throbbing in my hand, and the discomfort of a rather solid cast whose job was to keep my fingers immobile while the knitting of broken bone took place.

Fran came to the bed and kissed me. She said, "My hero." She hugged me. "It was so gratifying after trying to get him to stop, when you slugged him. That was the last thing he expected from anyone at the party. I didn't know you'd ever get that mad at anybody, but now I do. You were marvelous."

Pam rolled over next to us and opened her eyes. I got a nice smile. 

I told Fran, "I had always felt that something was amiss with Joel. I didn't know it would manifest the way it did. From the start, I thought it was just my jealousy. He out machoed me in many ways, and my ego got in the way of my logical thinking. I guess I felt sexually possessive of you - of all of you. I'm willing to share so long as I don't feel threatened."

Sheila put a beautiful breakfast in front of me, and my new fiancée sat with me and fed me so I didn't have to try to eat left handed. I wondered how I'd function with my laptop, or even take notes when I was so right-handed, and now that hand was encased in a small amount of plaster and bandages to hold the splint and my fingers rigid.

After rehashing the night before with everyone, including the good times we had with our other friends, I took a pain pill and zoned out for an afternoon nap. When I awoke, I was in Sheila's arms. She kissed me awake. "You are such a nice sleeper. I've been holding you for half an hour and dozing myself."

"Why?"

"Because I love you, and I wanted to be close to you."

"I love you too. You and I never got to talk last night, about the engagement and what that means and doesn't mean for us. I didn't want ..."

Sheila stopped me talking by kissing me. "I know everything you want to say, and I'm fine with it. You did the right thing with my sister. I approve. I'm as devoted to you as she is and as Ally is. None of us has any plans to move away or change our romance with you. I might add that Pam loves you too, almost as much as we do, and she told us Jane does too. Jane was worried about you when Pam called her to tell her what had happened. We all talked to her; she's like our older sister in some ways."

"But, about you and Ally, ..."

She put a finger on my lips. "Don't worry about it now. You often over-analyze things. Let this one just unfold in a natural way. If you recall, this has been one of the craziest relationships ever since the day we found you were the guy Fran and I were dating at the same time. We decided we both wanted you, and we still do - Ally too. Go with the flow."

"But ..."

"Steve, leave it. Consider this: last night when you got engaged to Fran, Ally and I consider that you also became engaged to us. We all love you - we're in love with you in so many ways. We're sharing. God, we couldn't share anything as simple as a CD or pen, and now we're sharing a fiancée and it's going pretty smoothly because none of us wants to upset the balance. We're at a good place with each other and have been since you came along."

We kissed. Sheila said, "Can you function below the waist? I'd love to make love with you."

I was functioning below the waist. With not much encouragement, Sheila and I made sweet love with one another for an hour on that lazy afternoon. I felt frustrated that I couldn't use my right hand to stimulate her, but we made do. As we lay in our afterglows, Pam, Ally and Fran came in and snuggled their naked bodies in behind us.

Sunday night, I called Jane and told her first hand about my small accident over the weekend, and that I planned to take Monday off and arrive on Tuesday morning. After consulting with my partners, I invited Jane up to Boston for the following weekend.

When we were alone a few minutes later, I asked Fran, "How do you want me to play it with Jane ... and Pam?"

She gave me an understanding kiss, "I know you have strong feelings for Jane, and emerging feelings for Pam. You can only marry one of us, and that's me. I'm not worried about your other relationships, and I think they'll strengthen us. Jane might be our older sister, so enjoy your time with her, bring her home often, and keep a place in your heart for her. I like her and I know over time I'll grow to love her too. I'm certain of it. The same goes for Pam and anybody else you meet."

"Do you realize that it may be hard to shut the door and be exclusive again?" I posited.

"I've never asked you to be exclusive, even after I found out you were dating Sheila, and I'm not now. You kept making the point that you were dating other girls, and I accepted that. Now that we've broadened our circle of friends and fuck buddies, I think it'd be a mistake to rein that in. I think we can decide later if we want to change."

"What about when we have children?"

"We'll see, but any kiddies don't have to know about what mommy and daddy do in their spare time. Think about it; Sheila, Ally, and I grew up with only the slightest hint that our parents did anything outside their marriage. Then we find out that they had fucked around fifty other people, and on a regular basis mind you. The only time I think we'll need to stop is for a few months either side of childbirth when I'll be too uncomfortable or healing from the trauma of the birth. Well, I'll have to stop, but you can keep going." She giggled at that thought.

"You like fucking strange cock?"

"I like being with friends - old and new - and expressing my sexuality, and if that qualifies as liking strange cock, then yes. Some of these friends I like a lot, even love in some ways, like Aidan, for instance. Lyle, Chip, and Sean fit in that category too, after I've gotten to know them. I don't want to run off with any of them, nor them with me, but I do like being intimate and feeling loved by them. I give away my love to them and the others, and it comes back to me tenfold."

"What will you do when I'm away traveling on business?"

"Well, unless you object, I'll be one of Aidan's lovers. I might go see my father too, or the other guys I just named, and beyond that I have no specific plans."

"Would you want another male in our mix?"

"Maybe. I thought Joel might fill that bill, but I'm glad he showed his true colors early so there wasn't any pain of separation after his stunt last night. Another thirty seconds and you would have had to pry his cock from deep in my ass."

Fran thought a minute, and then continued, "As for another guy, yeah, that'd be nice for all of us girls, but he's got a lot of hurdles to jump, especially after the Joel situation. He's basically got to be your clone ... and understand the word 'No.'"

"Well, let's keep our antennas up to see if any candidates appear. I have criteria too, and one of them is that I have to feel comfortable with the guy - no wolves in the hen house."

