 This is part 2 of a series of stories about Adriana. It is recommended that you read the stories in series. 

*

I awake on the couch surrounded by two beautiful bodies and the smell of sex. I take a moment to think about the night before. What started as a date with my lover, ended as a sex filled fantasy I have only read about. With the images of the previous night still in my head, I run my hand across Adriana's silky smooth body. I start at her legs and move slowly up her body while gently feeling every curve of her body. I stop to enjoy her firm ass and then move across her athletic stomach and over each firm breast. Both nipples are aroused and I use a light touch to circle each one with my index finger. I watch as her breathing increases in speed although she is still asleep. Or at least it seems that way.

I steady myself and tried to get up from the couch without disturbing the ladies. "Good morning my love," my lover stated as she stretched herself awake. I grab my clothes from the night before and put my jeans. I leave my shirt on a chair nearby.

"Good morning to you too. Did you sleep well?"

"Without all of the exercise we got right before I went to sleep? Of course I did!" she stated as I walked towards the kitchen.

As I began making some coffee, I asked you what you thought about the situation last night. You explained how sensual the feelings were and how natural it felt for you and Adriana to have sex together. You explained that it seemed like you had known each other for years and that Adriana knew just how to touch you.

You began to walk into the kitchen and asked "How do you feel about the situation?"

"The site of your two beautiful bodies and your sexual activities was quite a turn on. Before I joined in though, it seemed like I was not involved in the situation and that your passion was directed away from me. As I think about it more, it would be more erotic if I participated more in the situation."

You kissed me on the lips quickly and said "I could understand how you may feel that way. It is so difficult to focus your attention equally to all parties when you are also focused on the arousal someone else is giving you. When it is just two people, it is obviously much easier. I think I will take my coffee and go shower now."

Adriana began to awaken from her slumber and looked over to the two of us and said "Good morning." We both responded and then you turned to walk towards the bedroom and shower.

When you left the room, Adriana came up to me in the kitchen. She was in a sheer white satin robe that you gave her earlier, but it was not fastened in the front. Her firm breasts showed slightly through the sheer fabric and her nipples were poking at the fabric. Her body looked even better than I remembered. Her skin shimmered in the light and was accentuated by glitter from her body lotion. Through the opening in the front of the robe, I could see her muscular abdomen which was taut from years of exercise. The robe was short and each firm cheek of her ass peeked nicely from the bottom of the robe.

She smiled as she got closer and said "Thank you for a wonderful evening. The passion between you, your lover and I was incredible. I have not experienced such chemistry in my lifetime."

"It was definitely memorable. We really had no intentions to go as far as it did, but I was definitely happy with the end result!"

She approached me closer and ran her hand up up my chest. Her touch was soft and warm. The feeling made me shiver slightly inside. Adriana leaned closer and moved her lips towards mine. The room was so silent that I could hear her lips part slightly. Then they touched mine. I had not kissed her the night before and do not know why she was kissing me now. Adriana's lips where soft and wet as they touched mine. As I began to kiss her back, she pressed her body harder against mine and I could feel her taut nipples poke against my chest. She tilted her head slightly and began to kiss harder and would occasionally bite my upper lip. Her sexual energy could fill a large room as she kissed me harder and ran both hands down my chest. 

She pushed away and asked "Where did your lover go?"

I responded with "She went to take a shower to wash off the sex from the night before."

Adriana stated "Well maybe I should go put some more back on her."

With that comment, she winked, turned and walked towards the bedroom where the shower was. As Adriana walked away, I continued to watch her firm ass wiggle its way across the room. I could feel an erection slowly forming as I wondered what she was up to. Well, guess I better find out!

You were in our large shower that had clear glass surrounding it. Multiple shower heads pulsed hot water onto your silky smooth body and generated a large amount of steam in the room. Adriana pulled the robe from her body and let it fall to the floor as she neared the doors to the shower. You stood in the shower and was gently washing your body with a rose perfumed shower gel. Before you noticed, Adriana opened the door and started to walk into the shower. You turned and were slightly startled before you smiled. You showed an obvious interest in the beautiful body and sexual chemistry that just entered the shower with you. 

"Well good morning", you said.

Adriana said nothing and moved closer to you. She began to kiss you passionately with your tongues flickering and teasing each other. Your senses awakened as she pushed her body harder against yours. Adriana's pelvis pushed hard against your body as she pushed you towards the back wall of the shower. As you felt her against your clit, you let out a slight moan to confirm the pleasure I could clearly see on your face. Adriana's right hand began to move slowly down your side as your tongues considered to tangle between your lips. Her hand moved slowly across your wet skin and shaved pubic area until it stopped near your pussy. Without hesitation, Adriana's slipped two fingers quickly into your swollen and wet silky pussy. Her touch was firm yet gentle as she explored the inside of your pussy and massaged your clit. You moaned "Uhhhh, ummmmm.... that feels good."

Soon after, Adriana stopped her methodic fingering of your pussy and stopped kissing your lips. "I must taste you," she said.

Adriana lowered herself to her knees. You pressed your back against the wall while moving your hips slightly forward and spreading your legs for easy access to your eager pussy. Sliding both hands up to your ass, she extended her tongue and began to explore under the clitoral hood. Your clit was swollen in anticipation of the tongue lashing and from the previous exploration with her fingers. Her tongue was hot and your feelings were so sensitive that you swore you could feel the roughness of her tongue. Adriana licked your clit harder and used her entire tongue to lick the swollen membrane. Pressure sooner began to build, but you struggled to savor the feeling instead of having an orgasm. Her right hand returned to your pussy and as she licked the lips of your pussy, her thumb began to massage your clit as two fingers began a gentle probing of your pussy. 

The feeling of her fingers and tongue was causing the pressure to build. "I think I am going to cum," you said loudly. "Ohhhhhhhh my God, I am cumming!" you said loudly.

"Let it go," Adriana stated. "Cum on me now."

Your legs trembled as you struggled to maintain your balance. The taste of your sweet cum filled Adriana's tongue with the flavor she was looking for. "Oh, my that tastes good," Adriana moaned.

You began to regain your balance as Adriana rose to her feet. Her soft lips kissed you slightly and the taste of your sweet cum began to permeate your senses. "Thank you," you responded.

"Good morning to you too," she said softly and with a smile on her face. 

Adriana exited the shower as you finished showering your body.

"Well done," was the only words I could think to say at the moment. 

Adriana walked by me smiling, put her clothes on quickly, and then left without saying much else.

Through the clear glass of the shower I could tell you were experience an afterglow of the orgasm you just had. You were standing there with you eyes closed and a small smile on your fast. I continued to look at you and let my eyes explore your body as the water ran off of your skin. Your breasts were firm and your nipples pointed slightly upwards. Your firm ass showed the hard work from all of the exercise you recently started. Your legs were beginning to show a muscle tone from the constant conditioning from the exercise routines and countless hours with a personal trainer.

Your eyes opened and you smiled back at me as you shut off the water. I walked towards you and wrapped a soft beige towel around your body and held you tightly in my arms. Your lips gently touched mine as we kissed. You towel drops from your body as we kiss harder, our tongues begin fighting each other for position within our mouths. Each of your hands begin caressing my back as we continue to kiss. When I bite your lip gently while kissing, you respond with a moan.

Your hands moved towards my waist as our lips part. You look down and begin to undo my pants. I caress your shoulders with my hands and kiss the top of your head. "What are you doing?" I ask. 

You did not respond as my jeans were unbuttoned and the zipper lowered. You opened my jeans and tugged them and my red briefs off of my firm ass. They fell to the floor as your hand reached for my cock. It wrapped itself around the base of my cock. Your hand felt warm around my hot and hard cock. Your other hand lifted and cupped my scrotum and you begin to swirl your tongue around my head. You use the top and the bottom side of your tongue to gentle lick my circumcised head and explore the edges around the mushroom head. Your hand began to move up and down the shaft firmly while your lips opened to take in my cock. As your mouth went down my shaft your hand would firmly rise up my shaft to meet your lips. Your mouth was hot and wet on my cock and the two motions felt like I was fucking your pussy. 

You stopped sucking my cock and began to lick up and down the shaft with the small tip of your tongue. You looked up to me for approval and I said "Oh my God, that feels so good. Don't stop!"

The tip of your tongue licked the slit of my cock as pre-cum began to form on the head. You moaned slightly as the taste enveloped your mouth. I could see your body squirming in anticipation of having my cock deep in your pussy. Your tongue continues to explore the sensitive areas of my shaft and your other hand continues massaging my balls. I am looking down at your beautiful body as I watch you suck and lick my cock. It made me feel good to know you were enjoying your effort so much and I looked forward to returning the favor soon. 

As the tension builds and I feel myself about to cum, I can tell you want me to cum in your mouth. But I am going to deny you of that pleasure. I push you away patiently and lift you to your feel. The look on your face is similar to a pouting kitten. I respond with a kiss and ask you into the bedroom.

We enter the room and I push you onto the bed as the towel falls off of your body. "I want to make sure you are still interested in me after all of the love that Adriana gave you," I said as I bent down on my knees at the edge of the bed. I ran my hands gently up your thighs and across your stomach. My tongue started to lick the inside of your right angle and slowly moved up your leg. It ran across the inside muscle of your body and slowly increased your arousal. I could hear you breathe harder as you anticipated where my tongue would move. Both of my hands now caressed your leg as my tongue continued its movement upwards. I reached the area above your knees while reaching my hands towards your breasts. As my fingers began to explore your nipples, my hot breath began to increase the temperature in and around your crotch. You began to squirm as you felt the heat increase in temperature and while my tongue ran circles around your thighs. I grab your nipples quickly and plunge my tongue in between the lips of your pussy. 

"Oh my," you respond.

My tongue continues to explore the inside of your sweet pink box. I move it up and down each side and occasionally plunge it deeper inside you to seek out the juices that are constantly wetting the inside of your pussy. My tongue begins to explore your clit as the roughness of my tastebuds sends shocks through your body. I massage your clit with the tip of my tongue when all of a sudden your yell out "I am going to cum!"

I taste and smell a gentle sweetness as you shake from head to toe from the feelings that waved through you. You have spent so much time with Adriana exploring your pussy and the feeling of my tongue back in you plus the emotions of our chemistry has heightened your level of sexual awareness. I look at you from my current position and I can see your afterglow. I stand up and push you further up the bed. You lay on your back as I move myself next to you. My hand left hand begins to caress your sides. My fingers gently touching you as they brush against your silky smooth skin from your waist, up your side, along your shoulder and down your arm. I lean forward and kiss your lips while moving my hand across your stomach. I feel the smoothness of your skin and athletic muscles forming in your abs. I begin to kiss the side of your neck, alternating between my lips and a gentle lick with my tongue. I nibble at your earlobe and then explore your ear with my tongue. First I start with the edges of your ear, but I also begin to move into your inner ear. My hot breath is sending signals or arousal throughout your body. 

My hand moves south and begins to explore the wetness of your pussy. First I reach a finger in and then two. I push them up towards your g-spot. I explore for a bit as I find the gentle roughness that signals I have found it. The area begins to harden slightly as I stoke it back in forth. You begin to breathe harder and fight back an orgasm as you enjoy the pleasures and feelings of your body. I increase the pressure on your g-spot when you all of a sudden reach down to stroke your own clit. You massage it up and down while my fingers explore you further. Your head begins to move back and forth as you bite your lower lip in anticipation of a violent orgasm. I feel the wetness between your legs increase and your body tense. You begin to squirm and then shake as the shockwave moves through your body towards your toes. "Holy shit that was nice," you said as you lay there in a gentle shockwave.

After a few moment, you push me over on my back and begin to straddle me. I look you in the eyes as I run my fingers through your hair. You reach down and gently position my cock against your pussy lips. You begin to lower yourself on my cock and lean forward to kiss me gently. Your desire for a hard fuck is replaced with passion as you look me in the eyes. Our hearts beat hard and our tempo of breathing is increasing as you move up and down on my cock. I reach my hands behind your ass cheeks, one finger on my right hand gently brushing the bud of your asshole.

You said "Ohhhhhhh, this feels so good. I love riding your hard thick cock while on top of you."

You steady your hands on my shoulders and begin to ride me harder up and down. My cock is penetrating you deeper with every stroke of your pelvis up and down on me. You lean forward and kiss my neck. I can feel your hot breath build the passion inside me and it causes a gentle moan to be released from my mouth. Your hair gently brushes against my face as I smell your perfume. The scent makes me feel comfortable and at peace with the chemistry flowing between the two of us and our sex. I feel our pelvises rubbing against each other as your grind yourself to an orgasm. I feel the throbbing of your pussy on my hard shaft as the wetness flows down my cock. The feeling of your cum causes my arousal to heighten. I grab your ass and start pounding your pussy while you are on top of me. 

"Oh shit that feels good!" you yell out.

You grab the sheets of the bed as you close your eyes and enjoy the ride. My cock is pounding deep inside you and my pelvis is hitting you clit just right. "I want to cum so bad but I want to wait for you to finish," you say with a labored breath. 

"Don't worry. Its almost there," I say as I pound harder with my hands now on your hip.

I raise myself up and throw you down on your back while continuing to pound you harder. As I bite your left earlobe, I thrust myself into you once more and release the orgasm that has built up inside me. I feel you cum once again as your body shakes and you relax in the euphoria of the passion and sex that just happened.

I wonder to myself if this is left over passion from the event with Adriana or our own love. I lay by your side gently running my fingers across your gorgeous body. I can tell you are deep in thought as I enjoy being by your side. I wonder what you are thinking about...