 Jane's secretary had arranged connecting rooms for us at the Ritz, only about a mile from the KC TCI office. We took dinner and drinks in the hotel restaurant, and then walked around the scenic square just across a small river from the hotel. After that we went back to the hotel, stripped our clothing off, and Jane had me make love to Pam, much to Pam's delight. 

I prolonged the experience using the techniques I'd learned in my Tantric sex class, and as a result Pam had so many orgasms she eventually begged me to give her a rest and to transfer my affections to Jane. I did exactly that, but then went back to Pam after thirty minutes, and finished both off in a series of explosive climaxes.

Pam had become a blithering sexpot during our lovemaking. I whispered to Pam that I had very loving feelings for her and wanted her in my life forever. She told me that she'd fallen in love with me too, and so we made out some more as Jane lingered nearby kissing each of us. Eventually, I nudged Jane to start the discussion with Pam that we'd talked about the night before. Given where Pam and I were, I thought it would be a good time to bring up how she felt.

Jane hemmed and hawed a little, but then figured out how to express her feelings. "Pam, you know I love you, and I'm tiptoeing to be sure I don't hurt you. I want to tell you that this weekend I was having the same kind of feelings toward Bob and Pete ... and, unless I really misread them, I thought they were leaning my direction too." Jane's statement sounded somewhat mechanical and rehearsed, but it got the message across.

Jane had the wisdom to make that statement and then shut up and let Pam process what she'd just said. I kissed the two of them.

After a minute, Pam said, "Well, after making love with Steve - and falling for him, this'll sound odd to some, but I continue to love Bob and Pete. One of the reasons why is that they give me the freedom to do this, and even to develop other emotional attachments, although this is the first time I've had feelings of love over someone other than the two of them."

She continued, "I think Bob and Pete do love you, Jane, much as I do. I don't begrudge them that, nor do I think ill of you, nor do I want to change the direction things are going. I think this situation is developing into something really special for all of us."

Jane's next statement surprised me, "Oh, Pam, thank you. You're so understanding. I'm feeling like the old lady in all these relationships. I mean you and Steve are about the same age, and I'm twelve years older. Soon, I could imagine you guys go off and leave the old lady to fend for herself."

I jumped on her statement, "JANE, that's trash talk. Our ages have nothing to do with how we think about you. I love you, and that's independent of age."

Jane poured out some more words, "But Bob and Pete are your age, and your partners in Boston as even younger. I did feel some comfort with their parents, and with some of the older members of their swing circle."

"Stop that. Age has nothing to do with anything we're doing or thinking or emoting. We are not planning to ditch 'the old lady,' namely because I don't think there's one around."

Pam jumped in, "Jane, I love you too, and I agree with Steve. There's no reason to bring your age, or anyone else's, into any of our talk or decisions or anything. No one's thinking you're old, or someone else is younger, or anything like that. Please stop it."

Jane broke down and started crying. I pulled her naked body next to mine, so she was one-third on the bed, and two-thirds atop me. I rubbed her back and shoulders, and just cooed words of love to her. Pam went around and turned out the lights, set the alarm clock, and then snuggled in behind Jane. Gradually, Jane's crying jag stopped and she seemed to go to sleep. I continued to stroke her body and tell her how loved she was by everyone she came in contact with.

In the morning, we awoke with the alarm. I took Jane in one shower while Pam used the one in the other bedroom that we barely used. Jane seemed to put on a brave face for the day, and we went to work. Pam and I were both overly solicitous to Jane, and tried to cheer her up from the strange mood she'd plunged into as we dressed, ate breakfast, drove to TCI, and then started the day's meetings.

As the day went on, Jane got into her 'serious working role' and the down mood of the night before and the early morning evaporated. I had hopes that it wouldn't return. Come the end of the day, fortunately, Jane seemed more cheerful, and she told me she had an apology and explanation to make later.

Later turned out to be over the dinner table in a Southwestern restaurant near our hotel. Jane got Pam's and my attention, "I owe you both an apology, and an explanation for why I got all teary and maudlin and irrational last night. Concisely, I forgot to take my depression meds for the past few days and last night was the result."

I asked, "You mean like Prozac?"

"Exactly, except it's a generic that supposedly does the same things for me. I've been taking them for years for mild depression. I forgot to take them the past couple of days because I buried the pills in my suitcase and they weren't in their usual place at home. I should have recognized the symptoms right away, but it's been so long and I wasn't thinking about much beyond you two, the great sex we have, and all the other people we enjoy in a carnal way. Then, suddenly, last night, I crashed."

"Are you concerned about our age difference? Last night, that seemed to be the point that pained you the most."

"Yeah, kind of. I think anything like that would have triggered me off. I do think about our age difference, along with Pam, your three girls, and some of the others in New England."

"Jane, some of them are a decade or two older than you, particularly in what you've heard me call the extended group. The girls' parents are a decade older than you."

"I know. I know. I want to be the best for you, and in my mind that's a vibrant, sexy, experienced and horny thirty year old with an inexhaustible need for huge amounts of sex and loving, and the ability to give in the same measure."

"Well, I happen to love you just the way you are ... and you are exactly as you just described: vibrant, sexy, experienced, and horny. Don't change a thing."

Pam chimed in, "I agree. Please don't change, and please don't try to keep up with any crazy image you've created. I'm not sure anybody could fill that bill. Most of the younger set are no where near as sexy, vibrant, experienced, and horny as you just made them out to be."

I said to Jane, "Did it ever occur to you, that I fell in love with you because you are ten or twelve years older than me, and because you had an innocence about you about things sexual, and because you were sexy, savvy, gorgeous and horny. You're all those things, plus you're this high-powered executive at TCI who is great at motivating her people, getting results, and giving praise to the people around her. You are a leader on top of all the other wonderful attributes you have."

Pam said, "Steve's right. You're my role model in so many ways. When I grow up I want to be just like you, and let me tell you I've spent a lot of time looking for role models and mentors."

Jane snickered, "I think a mentor isn't supposed to fuck the people she's mentoring."

Pam laughed, "Who cares? I certainly don't, and that reminds me that we have a beautiful evening together - the three of us, and two of us are most desirous of making love to you and giving you a whole shitload of orgasms before you go to sleep with what we hope are fond memories of what we do to you."

Jane said with a chuckle, "Well, that sounds pretty good to me. Maybe we should settle up the dinner tab, and follow your whims. I know I'd like to deliver a couple of dozen climaxes to you too."

The rest of our visit to Kansas City went well: fuck, sleep, eat, work, and repeat as often as possible. We left on Friday afternoon, Jane and Pam flew back to Newark, and I caught a plane to Boston. We'd agreed we'd need to return to KC in a few weeks for a further round of sessions with the TCI work teams.

The weekend was spent like many others: fuck, sleep, eat, and work on household chores including my laundry. One exception to things was that Aidan had been invited by the girls to hang around and help keep them 'satisfied.' The Dunns and Reddicks had gone off in different directions to do family things with their parents. I didn't mind; I like Aidan, and in between coupling with my various partners, we had some rich talk about work and careers. Fran told me he'd been away Tuesday and Wednesday evenings to be with the Fabulous 5 - the name we'd given the combination of the Reddicks, Dunns, and Aidan.

Saturday morning, Aidan asked me to go to coffee with him, so we walked down to Harvard Square and splurged with coffee and a sugar coated doughnut. From the way Aidan had asked, I could tell he had something to ask me and he wanted to be away from the girls when he did.

We'd chatted about my travels and work during the walk down, but sitting at the outdoor table there was a long silence that I allowed to persist, figuring that he was struggling to find the right words to say something.

Aidan finally spoke, "Steve, I think the Fabulous 5 may become the Fabulous 6. I wanted you to know and to talk it over with you before I told the girls."

"Who's the addition?"

"A friend of mine from work named Joel Morgan. He's our age and a really nice guy who you'd like. I'd say he's like me, except I think he's smarter and more handsome. He's new at work, but the girls at work think he's a hunk, and he's made it clear he won't mess around with any of them because he likes the work at the agency and doesn't want to do anything that would create awkward situations for himself or anybody else there. He's sensitive to other people in that way, and seems caring and compassionate."

"I take it the Reddicks and Dunns have met him?"

"I took him out there for dinner and conversation on Tuesday evening. He had no idea that we were screening him for anything. He was just a friend of mine along for a nice dinner with some married friends. He got four thumbs up from Lyle, Chip, Nancy, and Gale, so on Wednesday, I got him to go back with me. This time we leveled with him about our relationships, and our wish to have him join us. I think we blew him away, but not enough that he thought badly of any of us. He became a full participant right away, and I'm told by Nancy and Gale that he's a thoughtful and skilled lover."

"And?"

"Well, the Fabulous 6 would like to get together with you and the girls this weekend. I think Rita and Sean might join us too. This would mean that Fran, Sheila, and Ally have another lover to contend with, if that's all right with you."

"Actually, I'm better than all right with it, providing the man is what you describe. I've always been worried about the imbalance between guys and girls when we've gotten together because I'm one guy showing up with three girls. I think it works for the guys, but I've always thought the girls got the short end of the stick, so to speak, because we're one or two cocks short, and someone has to do without at various times during our lovemaking sessions."

Aidan nodded, "That was my thought too, but also in conversations with Chip and Lyle, they also wanted to provide additional firepower for the women - more cock. As Lyle said, 'I'm good for two for an evening, but Nancy or Gale want to go all night long with others. I can help out with that, but with Joel we can really change things in a positive direction for the gals."

"Well, let's see how my partners take to Joel. As we found out with the larger group, not everyone has to love having sex with everyone else. I've noticed how Sheila and Ally both avoid Hal Reynolds, probably because he's so overweight they're afraid of getting crushed." Hal was a nice older man, but he'd let himself go to seed with each decade. 

Aidan said, "Well, if it's all right with you, let's go home and tell the girls."

We'd finished our coffee and so we started to walk. As we did, I hatched an idea with Aidan; we made a cell call to Gale who would be the hostess for the evening, and then a call to Joel. We were planning to surprise the girls with something different and unexpected.

 * * * * *