 Jane got nervous again on our drive out to the Reddick's home on Saturday evening. Her jitters got all of us a little worried about the evening until Fran became aware of what was going on and called us all on it. "Hey, everyone. I can understand Jane's worries about meeting a new group of people who all want to jump her body ... or she wants to jump theirs, but the rest of us have done this several times and there's no need for us to feel jumpy or worried. We know everyone at the party will be friendly, loves us, wants to bring us pleasure, and wants to accept the pleasure we bring them. So, let's stop wringing our hands."

Fran's remarks even made Jane calm down - slightly. Jane had been sitting next to me in the passenger seat of my SUV twisting another tissue into confetti, a nervous habit I'd seen before.

Jane turned to the girls in the backseat, "I feel like such a slut, almost as though I don't know who I am suddenly. If you'd told me a few months ago what I'd be doing tonight, I would have laughed in your face. Now, I'm ready to fuck or be fucked by a bunch of strangers, and I know I'm going to enjoy every second of it. I just hope I'm not going to wake up tomorrow and wonder about the sexually crazed person that took over my body."

Sheila said with a chuckle, "All women have an inner slut. Some manage to deny it or contain it, but for many it shows up somehow - in how they live, in their fantasies, or how they behave when they are alone in bed with their fingers and toys. We've chosen to live a lifestyle where we can savor our inner slut, bring it out, let it act on our behalf, let it bring us pleasure, let it carry us to new vistas and experiences that most people on the planet never know about. I like the uniqueness this lifestyle brings us."

Jane turned to me, "Do men think less of a woman ... think of her as a slut when she does what I'm about to do?"

I laughed and so did the girls. We'd had this discussion months earlier. I responded, "I wouldn't post pictures on your office door. People love to judge, particularly about what's acceptable and unacceptable when sex is involved. People feel they have the moral high ground to impose their memes and beliefs on everybody else. If you don't think about sex exactly the way they do then you're a slut, a whore, a gigolo, and a worthless piece of humanity. Further, they'll tell you that you're contributing to the complete downfall of society, warping the minds of the young and innocent, creating a decadent society, and debasing all of womankind. Because of that propensity, we talk cautiously or not at all with others about this lifestyle or evenings like this. The more important question is do you think of yourself these ways?"

Fran added, "People have a double standard too. They criticize online porn, erotic stories, and pictures, and then the same people turn around and behind closed doors download and buy the stuff in huge quantities that support an adult industry that's over sixty billion dollars a year worldwide, larger than all the professional sports activities put together."

Ally added, "To keep ourselves 'level' about the topic, we talk to each other, which is nice. We know how each other think too, so we can anticipate issues, but there have really been few. There are online forums too, and those are good because you can remain anonymous yet share or get questions answered or discuss feelings and reactions. Oh, yes, there's a book called The Ethical Slut that you'd love; it covers all things sexual without judgment ... really with approval. One of its themes is that you can set your own standards, to hell with everyone else."

Jane said, "Steve mentioned the book. I do feel I'm doing that, and those new standards are throwing away some of my boundaries and dramatically moving others. The changes are leaving me a little unsettled as I get used to the new landscape."

Sheila said, "If you ever want a sympathetic ear, or you feel bad about some aspect of this new life you've carved out for yourself, then please call one of us or talk to Steve. We're very open about it and our lives with people we know."

Fran said, "We all went through the thinking process you seem to be in to get to where we are. Personally, I wouldn't want to go back to the old me, to my old boundaries and standards."

We all agreed with Fran. For however awkward the transition had felt, we were now living in a new lifestyle in a different place than we had months earlier. I guess we had youth working for us, because we'd weathered the transitions so rapidly.

Most of the group was already assembled by the time we walked into the Reddick's beautiful home. I took Jane by the hand and escorted her around as introductions were made. Jane had dressed seductively, wearing a very short skirt - with no undies, and a backless scoop neck top that left no doubt but that she'd also gone braless. The skirt accentuated her bubble butt, and the shirt invited those nearby to sneak looks of her shimmering breasts.

As I took Jane around, I sensed two things during the introductions. First, the men I introduced her to were exceptionally interested in Jane, and I could almost see them salivating at the new pussy in their midst. I certainly saw a few swelling lumps in pants. Second, I knew Jane well enough that I sensed her evaluating the men as lovers and fuck buddies. She played her seductive best, acting coy, aggressive, sexy, and alluring to some degree with each man. She made a visible impression on everyone.

As we passed by Gale and Nancy, they gave me particularly warm welcomes, and then in the family room we found Sean and Rita, and Rita blatantly announced she wanted my cock deep inside her warm pussy for at least an hour that evening. Since I couldn't think of a more pleasurable hour, I promised I'd find her early in the evening.

I whispered to Jane that she could do a lot worse than spend some significant time with Sean. I knew from the girls that he had a reputation as a caring and considerate lover who never left his partners wanting in any dimension of lovemaking. I also knew that these were important factors to Jane.

We joined the others in a buffet dinner and a lot of lively conversation about everything other than sex, how we'd partner up later, or what the highlights of the evening might be. I knew from past conversations and comparisons that these questions were on most people's minds, but we denied ourselves those discussions as though to tease ourselves, and perhaps as a form of foreplay.

As we sat eating from the potluck buffet, I assessed the group more objectively. For the first time, there were more men than women. Lyle and Chip told me the larger group had decided to tilt the balance that way for a number of reasons: the preponderance of women, particularly those I brought, and the fact that the women wanted more orgasms. I laughed but saw the logic in the decision. Chip explained that the new men had been carefully vetted and almost all had a record of discrete multiple partner relationships.

As food was put away and some of the dishes cleaned away, the foreplay did start. Sean and Rita joined Jane and me, Rita immediately snuggling into my arms for a round of passionate kisses. I heard Sean assuring Jane that she could set the pace and acceptability of anything they did, but he never got to finish his speech because Jane jammed her tongue down his throat and put his hand up under her blouse in a sexy move. She'd be just fine.

Rita and I took over our end of the long sofa in the Reddick's family room, while Sean and Jane had the other end. Across from us in a love seat and broad armed cushy chair were two other couples, so we had a lot of erotic eye candy to watch. I knew the other couples from the group the Henson's had introduced us to a few months earlier. They got down to business faster, set a norm for nudity in the room, and then for fucking.

Also in the family room was the large TV playing a new porn video Chip had bought. This one seemed to have a series of small skits involving sex among nurses, doctors, and patients in various group combinations. In one scene, a gangbang seemed to turn on the entire cast.

Even as Rita and I got down to business, I kept checking in with Jane. She watched the two of us and the two other couples, pacing herself with our activities. After she and Sean coupled, she devoted herself to popping off little climaxes and being a worthwhile sexual partner.

Bill Hicks, the man fucking Betty Whitmore on the love seat, said to Sean and Jane, "Hey, want to switch?"

Before Jane could process and evaluate the request, Bill had pulled out of Betty, and Sean had jerked his cock from Jane, and the two men passed each other in the middle of the room. Jane welcomed Bill's long prong into her body with a smile of joy and understanding; she was getting in the spirit of the evening.

Not to be undone, Greg and Marie, the other couple, also suggested a swap about five minutes later, so Greg and I switched partners. Marie turned out to be a hot little number with a cunt that not only flooded the two of us with her luscious juices, but also seemed to have an internal temperature significantly higher than anything I'd experienced in other pussies. I brought Marie to two quick orgasms over the next ten minutes. At that point we separated to go explore the rest of the house.

Before leaving the room, I checked in with Jane. "I'm going exploring, you all right for a while?"

Jane responded, "Oh, I'm better than all right." Bill kept pumping his cock into her, now in the doggie position. She added, "Would I be too big a slut if I tried to fuck every cock here tonight ... or maybe got in a gangbang like you talked about one night in our dirty talk? The one on the TV video looked sort of interesting too. I'm really horny."

I chuckled, "No. If you're serious I'll see if I can't arrange something for you."

Jane grunted over Bill's shoulder, "I'm in the groove now, and I want everyone in my groove. So, yes, I'm serious."

I waved at her as I walked away. In the living room, I found Lyle getting it on with Jean Henson. She was also sucking on the cock of one of the 'extra' males in attendance and looking supremely contented.

I interrupted them as I knelt on the other side of Jean and presented my soggy cock to her. She started to alternate sucking on the other guy - Mark Someone, and me. I asked, "Lyle, any chance of some kind of gangbang for Jane? She's really getting into the spirit of things, and this is a whole new experience for her. She thinks she'd like to fuck every cock here."

He laughed as he stroked into Jean, "Happens a lot with first timers." He turned to Jean and apologized for leaving her to Mark, the recipient of her blowjob. She didn't seem the least upset. Lyle said to me, "Come with me."

I followed Lyle to a large hall closet. He moved a few things, and pulled out a padded massage table. He said, "We'll set this up in the family room, and start directing the men in there to service her. How's that sound?"

"Perfect." Two minutes later, the massage table was set up. I pulled Jane from atop Bill's cock, and positioned her on the table. Although they'd watched us set up the sturdy table, I declared to Lyle, Bill, and Greg, "Let the gangbang begin."

I pumped my cock into Jane for about thirty seconds before turning her over to Lyle. He looked really pleased to have a turn on her, and went to town. Jane was moaning in ecstasy as each new cock penetrated her body and started to work on her. I noted that she was already dripping cum from her pussy, so she'd be very full by the end of the night.

I walked back into the living room, and politely announced a 'Gangbang Jane' evening was underway in the other room. Three men who'd been idle immediately headed in Jane's direction.

I went to Mark and Jean, and suggested that Mark join the gangbang while I took over delivering pleasure to Fran, Sheila, and Ally's mother. Jean welcomed me with loving kisses and some words of love that reminded me of the special relationship I had with her. At Jean's urging, I eventually came deep inside her spasming cunt as she too had a massive orgasm.

We lay together for a while, and then I rolled beside her. We talked about Jane's newfound sexual energy, and I got some insight about how she would feel after fucking every man in the place. Jean told me she'd done it about once a year since she started swinging and loved the wanton feeling of fucking so many men in one shot, and also the feeling of cum pouring out of her cunt at the end of the evening. Of course, I'd filled Jean's pussy rather full of my cum too. A woman named Pat immediately knee walked over to us, "Can I help clean up the two of you?"

We nodded, and in seconds Pat inhaled my cock, cleaned all the residue from my lovemaking with Jean, Jane, Rita, and Marie, from my cock before burying her head between Jean's svelte thighs where she started to lick and suck my cum from her body. The lewdness of the act was visually stimulating, and I hardened in minutes, grateful for the quick recovery techniques I'd learned in that Tantric sex class.

Pat became aware of my arousal next to her. She reached over and pumped my cock. "Steve, please put that beautiful monster inside me and fuck me for a while. You and I have never fucked, and I want to get a few minutes of the 'Big Steve Experience.'"

Not one to put off a pretty lady, in this case one old enough to be my mother, I moved behind her, stroked my cock head up and down her slit a few times, and then sank into her body. As I did, I could hear Jean moaning as another orgasm approached, plus the sharp intake of breath from Pat.

After pleasing Pat with a couple of orgasms, I moved on, one at a time, to several other women I hadn't experienced in the large swing circle. I could see my girls - Fran, Sheila, and Ally - scattered around the rooms here and there, also having great experiences.

In one of my longer recovery periods, I went to check on Jane. A man named Cal was plowing into her sodden pussy as she alternately sucked on two other men. Five others stood by waiting their turn. Jane saw me and gestured me over by her head; she took ahold of my cock and brought my flaccid dick into her mouth. She did have a talented tongue.

Jane paused and said, "I've lost count, but I think I've fucked fourteen different men including you - so far. This is sooooo goooood. I've never been so orgasmic, yet these men keep pushing me to new peaks ... oh, fuck, ... here come another one." Jane's eyes winced shut, and her whole body shook under Cal's careful attention to her clit as his cock pistoned into her body. He apparently came too, because he suddenly stopped, his back arched and a moan of delight fell from deep in his throat.

Cal pulled away. Only then was I aware of how saturated with cum Jane's lower body had become. Besides dripping from her pussy and ass, from navel to knees she was covered in sticky sex fluids. I recalled something Dave Henson had told me, "Good sex is wet and sticky." Jane was having good sex, and she'd never forget the night.

I rounded up a few more men from the living room and back yard patio to sample Jane's pussy, ensuring finally that each man had visited her at least once. I counted twenty-four men at the party and eighteen women. I realized that I'd been with half of the women, leaving three of them - Sheila, Ally, and Fran - to other hands and cocks.

Rita found me again, and pulled me over to one of the exercise mats in a corner of the living room. We coupled and took our time making love as we talked about tonight's experience, how Jane would feel, and the right words to talk Jane down from her gangbang high, and up from the following low once she realized what a huge slut she'd been. Rita had been there only a month or two earlier. 

Rita laughed, "A gangbang is the most fun and most empowering thing a woman can do. Everyone would think it's degrading, but it's not - I guess it's point of view. 'You' have decided to fuck all these men - a conscious decision and vote for personal pleasure. But then you realize what a slut you are, and then you remember all the orgasms and cum and all the good stuff, but then you get depressed again because you think you're the most depraved woman on the planet. You get the idea: up, down, up, down - an emotional roller coaster."

The evening ended for us about two in the morning. Most of the men were beyond a short recovery time, and most of the women were sated with satisfaction, even the sapphic pairings.

Much to Jane's surprise, several women had come and cleaned her up with tongues lapping up the overflowing juices from her body. Jane too told me she hadn't swallowed so much cum in her life, both direct from the source, as well as jism snowballed with her from some of the women. She looked happy.

Sheila rode in front with me, while Jane, barely wearing any clothes on the warm summer night, cuddled in the backseat with Fran and Ally. I thought I even heard her have a couple of orgasms during the thirty-minute drive home. Even back in the apartment, Jane wanted to keep going with Ally, who welcomed Jane's advances. The pair sixty-nined on the living room floor while I watched and stroked my cock, awaiting a chance to fuck Jane properly. After a couple of orgasms each, Ally headed off to bed, and I cuddled Jane to me on the sofa.

Jane squirmed around as I went to hold her. She insisted, "Put your cock inside me. I want you to make love to me - I want to fuck some more. I could take a hundred more cocks tonight I'm so horny, but all I really want is yours."

I allowed Jane to assume the woman-on-top position as I penetrated upwards into her still squishy pussy. She guessed she'd gotten upwards of thirty loads of cum in her cunt, and half that number on her face or in her mouth.

Jane said in an amazed tone, "I am such a slut now ... and I guess I was before, I just didn't know how much of a promiscuous woman I really am. God, I fucked twenty-four men, every man at the party, and some of them came back for seconds because they liked my tight little pussy, although I got a little soggy after the first ten guys." She wiggled her pussy around my cock as she sat atop my waist.

I kissed her, "You had a good time. Did you get what you wanted tonight?"

Jane chuckled, "Cock, cock, cock. Yes, I got what I wanted."

We enjoyed a lazy fuck with each other, but after five minutes tears started to flow down Jane's cheeks. She fell into my arms, "Oh, God. I really am a slut. What man would ever want to touch me again? I'm a street whore with no morals - a dirty, filthy tramp who'll fuck anything with a cock." Suddenly, she started to sob into my shoulder.

I wrapped Jane in my arms, and showered her with kisses. Between the kisses I talked her 'up' from her sudden depression at what she'd done for the past eight hours. "Jane, I want you. I love you. I don't think you're anything other than a marvelous, beautiful woman who did a brave thing for herself tonight. You pushed so many of your boundaries in directions you'd never thought about. You are courageous and daring. You've had a rare experience only a handful of women on this planet have experienced, and you not only survived you had a hundred orgasms in the process."

Jane sobbed, "But I fucked everyone!"

"Yes, and made all the men and some of the women at the party very happy. You should be happy too. You weren't drunk or drugged out; you chose to have sex in a way that you deemed satisfying. I wish I had the capacity to do what you did."

Jane snorted and sniffed, "But men can't do that ... have back to back orgasms. Except you can get close to it sometimes."

I said, "But a hundred or more in one night is impossible, even for me. You may have set a record. Be happy about what you did."
