 René gave the Hyatt two weeks notice about her job the next evening after we'd proposed she become a full-time sex slave to Jane and me. She swore that she told her boss - the maître d' - that she'd taken a job as a sex slave that paid better wages and included room and board. He'd laughed off her ribald humor, failing to realize that she'd pretty much told the truth.

The night after she accepted Jane's offer, Jane and I helped her move from her studio apartment to Jane's house. Most of what she owned fit in one car.

The day after René accepted, I also spent some time with Marge, teasing her and insisting that she prove to me she was wearing something sexy - either no underwear or something really frilly and revealing. She led me into Jane's office and hiked up her skirt, proving that she had indeed stopped by Victoria Secret the evening before and bought a few thongs and things. She complained about getting use to the 'butt floss' as she called the back strap of the thong.

Marge looked at me and blushed, "I have a confession to make. Last night, after I got home I showed Malcomb that I wasn't wearing any underwear. I didn't tell him why; I just said I wanted to be sexy for him. Do you know we didn't have dinner until nine-thirty? He made love to me for two hours. I don't think he's done that for twenty-five years."

I laughed, "That's great. Keep doing the unexpected with him." I thought for a minute and sized up Marge, and then asked, "Did you give him a blowjob?"

Marge looked horrified. "Oh, good lord, no. I have no idea how to do that. It sounds disgusting."

"Marge, if you want to have a husband who will love you like you want to be loved, you have to love him the way he wants to be loved. Give him a blowjob tonight. He might wonder where you learned how to do that, and then you can tell him you watched some porn to learn how to do it."

"I did?"

"Yes, you did. Do they monitor your computer at work?"

"I don't think so. I can find out easily enough."

"If they don't, you sneak onto this website, search on 'How to' videos and plug in 'How to give a world class blowjob.' Watch that video three times. Based on your reaction, the first two times will still be a shock to you, but the third time you might actually learn something." As I talked, I jotted down the URL of the website.

Marge said, "If they do monitor, I can always watch it on my iPhone."

"Good girl."

"Girl? I'm an old maid."

"No, you're a gorgeous mature woman and I want you to feel young and vibrant, instead of how you've been feeling about yourself and your sex life."

Marge said in a near whisper, "Thank you. Thank you so much." I saw a tear in the corner of one eye.

I added for a little comic relief, "Besides all sex slaves love to give world class blowjobs."

Later that afternoon, I dropped some papers by for Jane. Marge looked at me with large round eyes. She said in a hushed tone, "I've watched three different videos five times. If I can remember what I learned I'm going to drive my husband to the grave with what I have in store for him."

I said, "Some advice. Talk yourself into believing that you love giving blowjobs, that it's your favorite thing to do for someone you love. He'll know if you're faking it or just being a good sport about it to make him happy. He'll have an extraordinary experience if he sees that you are too. Remember eye contact too."

Marge grinned, "I'll tell you how it went tomorrow." As an after thought she said, "Are you sure you wouldn't like me to practice on you?"

I laughed, "I have to save myself for a couple of women I love, but I'll take a rain check for some time in the future. I'm told you can always practice on a banana or cucumber, although the catching cum and swallowing part doesn't happen in those situations."

Marge blushed again and we went our separate ways.

That evening, I shared with Jane and René about Marge's lessons from the Internet. We had a chuckle over it. I asked what might be other lessons that a sixty-year-old male might like to be the beneficiary of. I figured anal was truly beyond the two of them, as most forms of BDSM. Jane suggested different positions. René suggested having sex in unusual places other than the bed, even where they might get caught.

Marge was bursting with enthusiasm the next morning and had a grin from ear to ear when I saw her. Jane joined me beside her desk and Marge said, "I did it. I blew him into the next county, having him cum in my mouth. I showed him his spunk in there, and then I swallowed. I don't think he's ever been so amazed at me as he was about nine o'clock last night. I worked on him some more, got him hard again, and he fucked me until we came again."

Jane clapped her hands; "Happiness prevails."

Marge's face dropped, "Well, I think he thinks I'm having an affair. He didn't say anything but after we wrapped up and had cuddled for a bit he got up and started pacing. He was muttering to himself, stuff about how did she know how to do this, why this sudden interest in sex, and stuff like that. I'm sure I'll hear about it tonight. It takes him a while to get his thoughts organized before he brings an issue forward."

I asked, "What new things do you want to try tonight?"

"Where would I go from here?"

"We talked about it last night," Jane said. "We think you use some positions you've never tried - something other than missionary, or you have sex in some new place - maybe even a place you might get caught, or you ask Malcomb to go down on you and give you some oral orgasms. We stayed away from the kinkier stuff."

"I'll have to see about that. Will they have more videos about those things on that porn site you had me check out?"

"Sure. Search on the Kama Sutra and you'll see about a hundred different sexual positions, although many of them are simple variations on others. You can search the Internet for ideas of interesting places, and I'm sure that same web site I sent you to yesterday has some videos about cunnilingus - lots of them. Make him watch them while he practices on you."

Marge balked, "What should I say if he accuses me of having an affair? I mean sooner or later he's going to wonder why I've got this sudden fascination with all things sexual."

Quick as a flash Jane said, "Tell him the only affair you're having is with him - a fantasy version of him that you're trying to bring to life. You want an ardent lover and husband, not just a couch potato that's too tired to lift a finger to rekindle the physical love for you. Remind him that you're still a 'catch' and there are other men who would just love to get into your panties if he isn't interested. Don't threaten him, but tell him you have guys checking you out all the time, so you know you're still desirable, even to younger men."

I volunteered, "I think you could share that you mentioned this lackluster side of your marriage to a couple of friends at work and got some suggestions for how to spice up things. If you felt it was lackluster, I bet he did too. Tell him it's time to breakout of the rut you've gotten yourselves into before it's too late. Don't buy into the mistaken belief that sex has to fade away as you get older; that's pure fiction. You can have as exciting a sex life at sixty or eighty as you had on your honeymoon, but you have to work at it just the way you did back then."

Marge nodded and I could see she got the general idea of how to respond to her husband. I hoped for her sake that he liked the ideas we'd been giving her instead of responding with antagonism and anger.

Marge seemed to glow the rest of the day. I saw her a half dozen times, even in the cafeteria. At the end of the day, she stopped me in the hallway, "Steve, I've got to tell you I'm seeing all these men checking me out."

I laughed. "Well, one of two things is happening. Either you're giving off pheromones that signal you want to have sex, or, more likely, they've been checking you out for years, and you're only now noticing that fact. I admit I check you out every time I see you. You have a sexy ass, and a shape worth paying attention to. You are really a rare exception for women in your age bracket."

Marge gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She whispered, "Well, I'd still like to be your sex slave, and if you keep saying things like that I'll probably start right here, right now." She giggled in an uncharacteristic way, pushed away from me, and then we went in opposite directions in the hallway.

I wondered if Marge being a sex slave would be the same as having an affair. I also wondered what her husband would think if she admitted she wanted to be a sex slave to Jane and me. I jumped to thinking about René who had already applied for that role, and speculated about having the two of them together. On that note, I had to go sit down in my assigned conference room and wait for my tumescence to subside before I walked around any more.

Marge was glowing again the next day when I went in for a business meeting with Jane, Pam, and a couple of the project leaders. After the meeting broke up, I lingered behind and gave Marge a look that asked, 'How's it going?'

Marge made sure no one was around. Jane came out of her office and stood next to me. Marge said in a stage whisper, "Oh, my God, last night was wonderful. Malcomb spent about an hour eating my pussy. He hasn't given me that many orgasms EVER."

Jane whispered, "Did he say anything about you having an affair?"

"Well, he asked why I was suddenly so horny, and I told him just what you'd said. He really liked that. I gave him another blowjob too, but only after he'd fucked me to a beautiful climax. I'd never tasted myself before last night, but when I went down on him then, he tasted like me - and I liked it."

I raised my eyebrows, "Well, what are your plans this weekend?"

Marge laughed, "I may never let him get out of bed. I am soooooo horny. I really want to fuck all the time. Is that crazy? Have I gone off the deep end?"

Jane and I chuckled. "No, we think you've woken up to what the rest of the world is thinking." Jane said, "I'm horny all the time, thanks to Steve here. If I didn't have responsibilities here, we'd be home making love all day."

Marge asked, "With René too?"

I confirmed, "Yes, with René too."

Jane and I continued to get updates from Marge on her seduction of her husband, and how he responded to her various ideas. Jane also told me that on the days when I was away that Marge barely talked, and certainly didn't share much other than continue on in a business-like manner.

After one week when I'd spent most of my time in the Cambridge office, I returned to New Jersey on Monday morning. To my surprise, Marge was not at her desk; a woman named Donna was, a temp for the next two weeks. Marge had apparently talked her husband into taking her on a second honeymoon to the Caribbean.

That week, René joined us 'full time,' except when she was off at college studying to be a PA - a physician's assistant. She had a lot of studying to do too, but despite all that workload, she produced marvelous meals for us and dedicated her nights to making sure we were sexually satisfied. As she put it, 'This is what a sex slave is supposed to do.'

I suggested to Jane that I also help out with René's meager finances, and she accepted. I'd just gotten a generous bonus because some of the work at TCI that I was responsible for expanded, so after talking with my lovers up north I put some of that money aside to help René get a new car. The one she had used more oil than gasoline and was on its last legs. I took René to a used car super store, and she ditched the old one, and got a two-year-old Toyota. I paid cash for the car, and in front of the car salesman who about dropped his teeth, René vocally renewed her vow to be my sex slave and gave me a full body hug and kiss. I resisted the impulse to have her prove it right then.

Pam had taken to joining our threesome midweek, and Pete and Bob started to come with her because they too liked René and she liked them. Those sessions were fun, but because they were on a weeknight everyone felt we had to end after only two rounds of play with one another.

I flew Fran down to Jersey for a weekend - Friday evening to Monday morning. I promised Sheila and Ally I'd do something similar with them in the near future to keep expectations and everyone's sense of fairness in check.

Fran already knew and liked Jane, and the pair had shared more than one sapphic encounter with one another. Pam too was a known, but meeting René, Pete and Bob delighted Fran, and as Friday evening wore on she made it a point to be with each of them, even when it involved sharing with another woman.

René and Fran had electric chemistry right away. After the initial rounds of introductions, René pulled Fran aside so the two of them could talk, no doubt about me, us, and my engagement to Fran, and the rest of the crazy relationships I'd told René about.

Eventually, René and Fran came and sat on either side of me. Fran explained that she wanted me to be first with her that evening because I'd been away all week and she hadn't made love with Aidan for any particular reason other than things worked out that way. 

Fran also wanted René in our first coupling because she wanted to see what a sex slave did that she wasn't doing. René liked that idea too, but she liked it anytime we had sex of any kind.

Jane went off with Pete, and Pam with Bob, so that was our first round. The fourth round ended about two in the morning with seven happy people. Four of us slept in tight quarters in Jane's king bed, and three went to the queen bed in the guest room.

I awoke in the morning when Jane pulled me out of bed. We went downstairs to the kitchen and started a breakfast. Fran appeared almost immediately with Bob in tow. We were all nude: the women showing signs of wear around their pussies from the night before, and the men sporting new erections. The four of us had started to eat breakfast when Pete appeared with René and Pam. 

After breakfast we went back upstairs to the bedrooms and continued our sexual relationships. By Saturday lunch we were pretty wiped out, at least we three men were. The seven of us piled in Pete's SUV and drove to the beach about an hour away. The weather was sunny, but there was a chilly breeze off the water. We walked the beach, made out in various combinations of boys and girls, and then late in the afternoon drove home to start all over again.

Monday morning Fran, Jane, and I went to Newark Airport. Fran took the shuttle back to Boston; Jane and I flew out to Denver to visit the TCI offices there that handled most of the Rocky Mountain Region. We got to the offices just after lunch, so we were able to get a half-day of work in before we crashed back at the downtown Westin Hotel.

After the sex-filled weekend, Jane and I just cuddled into bed after each of us made phone calls and responded to our heavy load of emails. I remember feeling quite satisfied with just having someone I loved by my side. I also remember feeling quite satisfied that I had a group of other women, including my fiancée linked to me through the bonds of love and affection.

Shortly after we'd gotten up the next morning, Jane got an unexpected call on her cellphone at seven o'clock local time, just as we were in the process of getting dressed. I listened with half an ear, and I could tell something heavy was going down in TCI, and it involved the Denver operation. Jane was on the phone for thirty minutes. During that time I brewed some coffee with the in-room coffee kit the hotel provided, and served her receiving a look of gratitude.

Jane hung up and looked at me in an odd way.

I asked, "What's wrong?"

"That was the TCI President and Chairman on the phone. I have to fire the head of the Rocky Mountain Region - me, firing an executive vice president."

"Whoa! Why?"

"He was caught red handed in a sexual harassment situation, after several years of complaints from a couple of dozen other women. Apparently, the powers that be mounted a sting operation last week, and have videos of his bad behavior - what the boss called 'incontrovertible evidence.' The head of HR out here will be meeting us as we go into the building."

"Any way I can help out, or should I just keep my head down with the project team we were going to meet with this morning?"

"Let's ask the man from HR."

Forty-five minutes later I waited outside the modern office belonging to the head of HR, at least I sat there until Brenda Davis opened the door and asked me into 'her' office. She said, "Come in. Jane says you are one savvy business consultant, and that you have a knack for making awkward situations easy to deal with."

I probably blushed a little. I said, "I just try to add value to every interaction I have with people - clients, friends, and lovers."

Brenda laughed, "Well, this situation with Joe Collard will be like defusing a nuclear device with a short fuse. He's not only flamboyant; he has a temper like a shark with a swordfish up its ass. I'm afraid he might get angry enough to strike out at one of us. Consequently, we want you to come along as an observer ... and as a body guard for the two of us."

I posited, "You don't think my presence might provoke him further?"

"I'm sure of it, but he won't know where you're coming from, or really why you're there, he might also end up being more reserved. I hope that'll be the case."

"How about we also arrive with a couple of security guards?"

"Good idea, but I don't want them in the room when he's being let go."

Ten minutes later, the elevator doors opened and five of us stepped out onto ultra plush carpeting: Brenda, Jane, two security guards (the biggest and meanest looking individuals we could find), and me. I noted that the guards were armed and also carried the standard stuff on their belts that regular police did, including handcuffs.

Brenda led us to the door of Joe Collard. His secretary stood as we got there, apparently about to act as a gatekeeper for our crowd. Then suddenly, I think she realized that something serious was about to happen. She nodded to Brenda, and said, "He's in there alone going over some reports ahead of a meeting that's to start in twenty minutes."

In a brusque tone, Brenda said to her, "Cancel the meeting, and please leave us alone." She gestured to the two guards, and they took up positions on either side of Collard's door. Brenda knocked, and then walked in without waiting for a 'Come in' from within.

Jane and I followed, Jane quickly moving to be the point person. I tried to look as though I belonged there in some strong-arm role. I briefly wondered if I'd break my hand again.

Joe rose from behind his desk, and started a smile and some kind of introductory remarks. "Brenda, and Jane - I heard you were coming in to review projects, and ... I'm afraid I don't know who you are. I'm Joe Collard, but you probably know that." He put out his hand in my direction, and I ignored it but moved to where I was slightly behind the two women yet in a position to move forward with a body check. The point wasn't lost on him, and his smile vanished.

Jane announced bluntly, "Joe, I was here on other business, but that work has been eclipsed by a request from headquarters."

Joe looked intrigued. He nodded for her to continue with an increasingly serious look on his face. I could see he was about to be blindsided by the next sentence or two.

Jane continued, "Yes. I've been asked to relieve you of your duties. You are hereby terminated as a TCI employee."

Brenda spoke up in a crisp voice that left no room for argument, "You may collect the personal things from your office. I am to immediately collect your access cards, keys, and assume responsibility for your company car. We will arrange for a taxi to take you home. Please pack up right now. You're last paycheck will be issued later today and deposited as normal into your account."
