 It has been some time since the creative juices have flown. I finally found some peace in my life to right chapter 4 of this story. As with most continuing stories, it is best to read the other chapters first. Enjoy!

*

It has been some time since I have last heard from Adriana, but the desire still exists. I wonder if I should reach out to her or continue the waiting game. The amount of passion she has brought to our lives is almost unbelievable. It is so easy to lie in bed and think about her silky skin, firm body and the pleasures she has given me and my lover.

As my mind continues to wander, you enter the room and ask, "You know what I want to do?"

"What would you like to do my dear?"

"I am thinking about a new sexual adventure. Something I have never experienced before and maybe with others watching."

"That is a quite interesting thought. I was just thinking about Adriana myself."

"Not exactly what I was thinking, but I always enjoy her company. I am talking about many other people watching as I get pleasured. They are not allowed to participate, but the thought of them watching me be pleasured is quite erotic."

"I might have a few ideas. Are you free this weekend? Maybe on Saturday night?"

"For the right reasons, I will be free!" you exclaimed.

On my way to work the next day, I picked up my phone and of course called Adriana. I found out she was out of the country for many weeks seeing family and friends overseas. She stated she was back in town and was willing to meet us again. I discussed what you were looking for and she came up with a few ideas. As I thought about your ideas, I knew just the place to go. Time to put the plan in motion.

On saturday, a private car pulled up to your house. I was dressed in grey trousers and a blue shirt. As I walked to your door, it open and you stood their in a stunning red dress. The curves of your body was clearly visible through the tight fabric that stretched across your tan skin. My eyes drifted head to toe as I became aroused as to what the evening behold. 

"Good evening," I said. 

You respond with a simple, "Hello my love" and a quick kiss to my cheek. You held my hand as we walked back to the car and sat in the back. Our gave an address to our driver and handed my lover a glass of wine that was already open. My hand ran across your smooth skin of your left thigh and my emotions continued to stir. Our drive was about an hour long and we sipped slowly at the wine in our hands. Soon we were driving up a driveway surrounded by vineyards and manicured landscaping. The sun was beginning to set and the lights of the vineyard were starting to illuminate the grounds of the property. Other couples mingled around the property and were coming and going from their cars. This was a small, boutique winery slightly off the beaten path of the region. The main building was made of stone with distressed wooden accents creating simple patio coverings but they still added a sense of romance and mystery to the property. 

The driver pulled up close to the front doors and got out of the car. Before he opened the doors, I told my lover I had a surprise for her. I handed her a black scarf and asked her to cover her eyes with it so she could not see. With a slight pause and a twinkle in her eye, the placed the fabric around her eyes. I opened the door and grabbed her hand as I guided her in the property. There was about 30 people in the building when we entered. They began to look and whisper as this trim woman entered the property wearing a blindfold. You could clearly hear the whispers of people nearest to us and your mind began to wander as you wondered what was about to happen. 

I led you to service elevator which took us to a lower floor. I escorted you to a simple dining room that seated about 10 people. Of course the room was empty with one exception: Adriana. She greeted you with a kiss to your cheek which completely caught you off guard. You have not felt those lips on your body in so long but you still instantly recognized who it was. This room was surrounded by wine barrels and was very private accept for one thing you did not know. The ceiling of the room was clear and the guests above could clearly see what was going on. Dark black chains held an assortment of light fixtures to illuminate the room but not bright enough to deter the guests from seeing what was going on.

A small stool was beside the table and I led you to it. Adriana and I each grabbed a hand and told you to step on the stool and onto the table in front of you. 

"Tonight you will be the main course my dear," I whispered gentle in your ear. "We are not alone," I added as I nibbled your earlobe. "Kneel," I commanded.

I pulled two silk scarves from a bag I previously brought to the room and wrapped each one around your wrists. When I felt they were secure, I tied them to the chains that supported the lights. You had some movement in your arms but you were for the most part, a slave to our desires. 

My hand touched your cheek softly and I kissed your lips softly at first, but my tongue began to explore your mouth. I was aroused and feeling passionate. I ran my tongue across your lips and we started kissing harder. Slight moans began to tell me you were excited and I reminded you that you were being watched as a crowd of about 20 men and women watched from above. I began kissing your neck as my hands explored your breasts through your dress. I could feel the tension in the red fabric as your nipples became taught. I moved one of them between my index finger and thumb to increase the pleasures you were beginning to feel. My tongue began to explore your neckline and behind your earlobe as you squirmed in your restraints.

I moved in front of you so I could run my hands across your body. I moved quickly to your ass and squeezed those cheeks I love to play with. As the excitement aroused me more, I ran my hands up under your dress and under your panties. Your soft skin was warm to the touch as I pulled your panties down to your knees. The smell of your sweet sex filled the room with desire. I could see that the guests above were beginning to become aroused as several couples began caressing their own partners. I unfortunately forgot how I was going to remove your dress while restrained but suddenly Adriana came into the room holding a pair of scissors.

"You might need these," she stated with slight grin on her face.

I took the scissors from her hand and snipped the straps of your dress which slid down your body to the table. Adriana removed the dress and your panties from your legs as a stared at how the light enhanced the curves of the woman before me. Your breasts were aroused and the smell of your sex continued to perfume the room. "What shall we do with now?", I asked.

I moved forward and began to kiss your belly. I licked the area around your hips as my hands explored your ass. Adriana moved up behind you and began kissing your shoulders and slid her hands along your thighs. Her hands moved quickly to your front which prompted her to run her index finger across your hardened clit. I watched as she removed her wet finger and tasted your juices. 

I got up from the table and moved across the room to retrieve an ice bucket with champagne in it. I placed the bucket on the table and removed a cube of ice from the bucket. I pulled your body closer to the edge of the table and spread your legs slightly. I placed the ice cube in my mouth and moved toward your sex. With the ice on my tongue, I began to explore your pussy. I pressed the cube against your clit as your breathing became labored. Occasionally I would stop and move the ice and my tongue deeper inside your body. You began to moan as I grabbed a fresh ice cube for your continued pleasure. As the cold feeling and hot tongue explored you further, your body convulsed as your came on my tongue with great force. "Oh my God that felt so good!" you exclaimed.

Adriana wanted a turn at your body, but she decided to untie you from your restraints. "Get on your knees and face your ass towards me," she requested. Adriana put a hand on each hip and began to suck on the lips of your pussy while occasionally exploring the insides with her playful tongue. To your surprise, she began to lick the edges of your asshole with slow circles around the edges. 

"Oh my!" you exclaimed with a gasp.

Adriana took it as a cue and began to explore your ass further. I removed my trousers and shirt and hopped onto the table. Of course I was wanting some pleasure myself. I removed the scarf from around her eyes and then slip my body under her. Without any hesitation she grabbed my cock with one hand as her ass continued to be explored with Adriana's tongue. Your own tongue began to explore the edge of the head of my cock while your hand stimulated my cock up and down. Occasionally you would swallow as much of the shaft as you could while you moved your hand upwards to meet your mouth. I could feel the heat circulating all of the pleasure points in my cock as you sucked and licked in motion to what was happening behind you. 

Once again you tensed up and came even as Adriana was licking your ass. Adriana was becoming aroused herself and began playing with herself under her short, black skirt. After a few moments, Adriana told you to get up and lie on your back with your legs hanging over the edge of the table. You finally gazed upwards to the audience which was watching you. Your excitement increased as you realized how gorgeous you were and how much you were enjoying the sex. Adriana moved her head between your legs and began licking your pussy only in a way a woman knows how. I got up from the table and watched for a moment. Adriana seemed to be moving her tongue in small figure eight circles around your clit while lightly fingering your asshole. Your eyes opened and closed with the pleasure rushing through you. You occasionally gasped as you kept yourself from cumming so you could increase the intensity of the orgasm. 

I could not handle it any more and moved behind Adriana. As I reached to pull her panties off, I quickly learned they were not there to remove. All the better! I shoved my cock swiftly into her wet pussy as I continued to watch her explore your own pussy. Oh she felt so good. Adriana pussy always felt so wet and tight around my cock. It was just something about her that made me crazy when I was around her. As I fucked Adriana harder, she could not lick your pussy any longer. 

"I want us to all come together," you stated.

With that comment, Adriana placed two fingers inside your cunt and another finger inside your ass. She began to fuck you hard with those fingers and told me to fuck her even harder. I could feel my cock get harder as it became more aroused in this situation. I knew I was about to explode and promptly told the ladies they better be close. At almost the same time, they told me to come. As I felt the wave of my orgasm push my juices deep inside Adriana, I felt her muscles contract around mine. Adriana pulled her fingers quickly out of your pussy and ass just as you came. To my amazement, you came harder than I have ever seen before and juices flooded the table from your pussy. You obviously squirted for what I thought was the first time, but I guess only you would know.

As we removed our bodies from each other, we began to see additional guests come into our private (so to speak) room. I have a feeling this is going to be along and orgasmic night!