 I didn't see or talk to Sheila until the following weekend when we were both back in Cambridge. We traded a couple of sexts and emails during the week, but we just didn't connect in real time. 

I'd spent the weekend in New Jersey, slowly continuing to sell a corporate-wide strategic planning effort with John Ringler, the man Pam had connected me with who would end up in charge of that effort. We were making good progress on laying out the planning effort although my work at that point was pro bono. I thought my company FDC would get the work because of my efforts, part of which involved helping John convince senior management of the value of such an effort. He couldn't promise me the business, but we had good chemistry, and in his own way he told me he was on my side.

Evenings I spent with Pam and René, although René was pretty frazzled because she was in the last few weeks of her degree program for her PA master's degree from Seaton Hall. She did an all-nighter studying for one final exam, but Thursday about four a.m. to my joy she woke me up in the middle of the night for a stress-relieving fuck before she went back to cramming.

Friday evening I was home, and Sheila, Fran, Ally, Aidan, and I went to dinner. Sheila had only gotten home from the west coast on an all-day flight a couple of hours before me. 

Over dinner, I let Sheila's sisters question her about her trip and the mysterious 'Wes' whom she had hooked up with at the end of the prior week. Sheila pulled out her cell phone and showed us a couple of candid photos of Wes - a nice looking man in his mid-thirties with three visible tattoos on his arms of Chinese characters Sheila told us stood for boldness, kindness, and love. I found myself impressed and again wondered if I should get a tat.

I didn't detect any special feelings about Wes short of being a nice friend with benefits who she'd like to see again on her next west coast trip. 

Sheila rambled a bit about the curator's work she'd done, arranging for the trade over the coming year of three different collections of art, pottery, and glass. Again, I wondered in the back of my head how something so simple as a swap could take so long to arrange, but then I conjured up an image of Sheila standing in the backroom of some museum going over each piece, one at a time, turning it over in her hands, photographing it, and cataloging the piece as something they wanted to trade or not. I thought later she might show us pictures of her findings.

The five of us walked over to a popular Thai restaurant on Mass Avenue. A lot of the dinner conversation involved Fran and Ally updating Sheila on their past couple of weeks since they'd seen her last. A description of the prior week's orgy at their parent's home got included, and as the discussion became more graphic, I had to remind the girls that we were in a public restaurant where people could overhear their pleasant memories being shared.

After dinner we walked home at a leisurely pace. We had an open weekend in front of us with nothing planned. Usually, when that situation presented itself several things came up to keep us all occupied, plus we ended going out to the Henson home in Dillon for a Saturday dinner and other activities.

When we got to the condo, we seemed to go in different directions. The girls went off to the bedrooms to tweak their wardrobes for the coming week or do a wash, and I had asked Aidan to show me how to adjust the temperature on the unit's water heater - a simple twist of a knob as it turned out.

Aidan and I went back into the living room, and he saw Sheila's cellphone sitting on the coffee table. We had no secrets from each other, so he picked it up and said, "Hey, let's see if Sheila took pictures of any of the art stuff she was talking about at dinner."

We all had iPhones, so it only took Aidan a few seconds to find her photo album. I had flopped down on the sofa to wait for him to find something to show me. I watched him flipping through the pictures.

Suddenly, I watched Aidan's eyebrows rotate up to his hairline. I heard him mutter, "Wow" in a bare audible tone. 

He flipped his finger more slowly, and then stopped. He touched the screen and I could hear the impassioned voices of two people obviously making love. Aidan dropped down beside me and held the phone so we could both see it. 

On the small screen of the iPhone, Sheila obviously was engaged with some good looking male in having the fuck of her life. I turned on the TV and Apple TV, and in seconds we had the video playing through the large screen television in the living room. Aidan and I both leaned forward to watch the video, now practically ignoring the iPhone.

Sheila was on her back and the dark haired male in the video was rapidly fucking her. Someone was obviously holding the iPhone and filming them. Suddenly, a second man with blondish hair appeared in the film, also nude. He presented his erect cock to Sheila who grabbed ahold of it and started to suck on his shaft.

The fucking and sucking went on with appropriate moaning and feminine noises of joy from Sheila. This was one of the hottest porn films I'd ever seen. At one point, the man holding the camera also presented his cock to Sheila, showing that he too was naked and ready for action. She alternated sucking the two men as the third fucked her at a steady pace.

The film had gone for about eight minutes when someone off-camera said, "OK, let's stop there. I want you guys to change positions and rotate. I want some doggie fuck in this film too."

The guy making the video with the iPhone kept it running, but swept around in another direction away from Sheila and the guy fucking her, this time showing a stage crew with a boom microphone, two other cameramen with profession high def cameras in their hands, a woman obviously a makeup artist, and three other people standing around watching the filming. At that point the video on the iPhone stopped.

I turned around to find Fran and Ally standing near me. At the door from the hallway to the living room Sheila stood crying.

I didn't know whether to be mad, aroused, royally pissed for her not informing us what she planned or did, or excited that she'd broken through some new barrier or boundary in her life. I found myself speechless, and after twenty seconds of silence in the room realized my mouth was hanging open and I was about to drool.

Beside me, Aidan was having the same reaction. He was frowning at Sheila, obviously displeased, but then his glare softened.

Sheila continued to cry. She sobbed, "Damn you both. I wanted to tell you in my own way. She threw three DVD containers at me, and left the room to go back to the master bedroom. I could hear her wail as she went down the hall.

Fran said, "Did all that really just happen? Did my sister really make a porn film?"

I picked up the three DVDs. They were simply labeled Film 1, Film 2, and Film 3. I said to Fran, "I think she might have made three films."

Ally said, "Mom and Dad are going to be pissed. What if she gets discovered and connected to them ... or to us? Our reps are probably bad enough as it is?"

Ally was right. I suddenly wondered if my reputation would suffer as a senior consultant because of my avowed connection to Sheila.

Fran came to me. She said in a low voice to me, "Sheila is family - OUR family. Go to her. Do the right thing."

I got up from the sofa and slowly walked towards the bedroom. I didn't know what the 'right thing' was but I had a minute to figure that out.

Sheila was lying on the big bed on her stomach sobbing into her pillow. A box of tissues had been pulled along side her. I sat beside her and put my hand on her back in a supportive gesture.

She snorted, "You weren't supposed to see that. I wanted to tell you; I didn't want you to find out by accident." She sobbed again, but kept trying to regain control of her emotions. "I planned to tell you tonight. I was going to show you one of the films."

I didn't say anything, but I kept lightly massaging her back.

Sheila sobbed out, "One of the curators at the LA museum and I became really bosom buddies real fast. I told her all about how we live, even the swinging. I mean we were in California.  She had leveled with me about having done some porn flicks." A big sob followed by a huge sigh slowed down her revelation.

She went on, "After work one night, Em - that's her name, asked me if I wanted to watch her do a couple of scenes that night. I had nothing else to do, so I said yes. I was really excited to see what they did."

Sheila sat up and grabbed my hand, but remained teary. She held it in a death grip, afraid, I think, that this might be the last time I'd let me touch her. She continued, "We drove out to this house in the hills, a beautiful place worth millions. The crew had rented it because it was isolated and they could film without upsetting anybody. Em introduced me to the film crew and the other actors or models - about a dozen people. There were a lot of lights and camera stuff around; it was obviously a film set."

I nodded for her to continue.

Sheila tried to smile, but her sheepish grin turned into a grimace and she cried again. She choked out, "Em undressed and did her first scene. It was really hot, and I felt myself flush and get wet just watching from the sidelines."

This guy I mentioned to you, Wes, he was the director - a really nice guy. He asked if I wanted to do a lezzie scene with Em, and maybe then have sex. He offered me a thousand bucks if they thought they could use the scene in the film they were making." 

Sheila's eyes got all watery again, and she blurted out before breaking into a huge crying jag, "So, I said yes! It wasn't the money, it was the whole idea of doing something like this. I felt empowered."

About five minutes went by before Sheila could get control of herself. I'd cradled her to my chest, and now my shirt was soaking wet with her tears.

When Sheila could talk again, she continued. "I blew them away. I could not only ignore the cameras like they wanted, I could really act, except I wasn't acting, I really enjoyed making love to Em and then having one of the male guys named Kurt fuck me while Em got fucked by Carlos. At the end, we knelt next to each other and the two guys came all over our faces. Wes yelled 'Cut' and the filming stopped after Em and I licked each other's faces and snowballed the cum a bit. Wes was ecstatic about what we'd done. He said I was a natural and he wanted to roll out of the film they'd just finished into a couple more. He offered me five thousand dollars if I'd stay around for a solid week, working through that weekend, so they could do more videos. Em too. We both said yes."

She paused, "I tried to think how to tell you what I was doing, and I just couldn't find the words to tell you over the telephone, so I asked Em. We kicked various ideas around, and in the end I figured that after I got home and we all got horny I'd put on one of the films and show you all, and hopefully get your support ... but you looked so mad at me. Aidan too. I'm so sorry."

A long silence ensued. I still didn't know what to say. I realized I had a lot of technical questions about making porn videos. 

From the other room, I could hear the soundtrack of one of the other videos. Apparently, someone had put one of the DVDs on the TV.

I said to Sheila, "I have one question: Why?"

She shook her head. "I don't know. It was fun. At first it was a lark. I wanted some sex, and here was a chance to hookup with someone new. I knew you wouldn't mind that part so long as I didn't get emotionally hung up in some way. I felt empowered. Then the money, and also the feelings of being a movie star intrigued me. I know it was minor compared to the real thing, but everyone was so nice to us - Em and me. We were obviously the stars and the most important people on the set. Everyone brought us things, catered to our every need, and practically worshipped us. A makeup artist worked on us hours every day so we'd look good for the cameras. I finished up the museum work the next day, and then worked full time until yesterday doing more films. Those were what I brought home; all but the last one that's still in editing. It was a heady experience."

"Did you like it? How'd it feel coming home on the airplane today?"

She nodded, "I have to admit I loved it. I didn't have a bad experience. I know everyone thinks there are drugs floating around and lots of booze, but everyone was sober and I never saw any drugs except pot. The only booze was an occasional can of beer or glass of wine. This was a professional operation. And to your last question, my only concern on the flight home was the exact words to use to tell you about my experience."

I nodded and sat for a long time, still holding Sheila. The soundtrack from the living room carried her moans and words from the film to the bedroom.

I finally pulled her up and said, "Come on, let's see what the others are watching."

In the living room, Aidan sat between Ally and Fran on the sofa. They had his cock out and were taking turns stroking the steel rod, while he played with the bare breasts - available to him because each girl had shed her top. 

Fran looked at her sister, smiled, and said, "You make a really sexy porn star. I guess we'll hear more from you in a few minutes, but right now I want to watch this and fuck Aidan."

On the TV, Sheila was getting spit roasted by two muscular looking men that obviously spent a lot of time in a gym developing six pack abs and biceps that made me look like a ninety pound weakling at the beach. The two guys were well endowed, and using their equipment to the utmost on Sheila - one throat fucking her, and the other fucking her doggie style. There were a few scene changes, until Sheila was being double teamed lying back on one man whose cock fucked her ass, while the other guy fucked her cunt. Sheila kept popping off little orgasms, and obviously enjoyed herself. In the final scene, both men came inside her body and then pulled their cocks out so two torrents of cum could ooze from inside her and drip onto the bed they'd been using.

As a few credits rolled by I saw that Sheila's name did not appear. She'd been given a pseudonym of Cindy Cockfield, a name that made me laugh out loud it was so crude and typical of the adult film industry. The film was good; the quality excellent and high definition, and it certainly was erotic and the kind of film that aroused and excited every viewer.

When I turned back to the sofa, Fran was naked and impaled on Aidan's cock in the reverse cowgirl position so she could continue to watch the TV. Ally was masturbating next to the pair. Sheila looked interested, however, I think she felt she might better keep to herself for a few minutes until she understood how people felt about what she'd done.

I pulled Sheila back to the bedroom. She looked puzzled. I said to her, "I'm going to remove your clothes, and then I am going to fuck the prettiest porn queen I know - actually, the only porn queen I know." I laughed a bit.

Sheila smiled for the first time since we'd come back from dinner. A couple of minutes later, we were in a sixty-nine on the bed. Sheila tasted like the nectar of the gods, and I wanted every drop. She, however, wanted my cock inside her, so we compromised and I started to make love to her. 

Before we could finish, the other three of my flat mates came in and flounced onto the bed next to us, clearly intending to disrupt our fuck. Fran said, "OK, Sis, tell us the story. How'd you end up making porn films?"

As I continued to slowly saw my cock in and out of Sheila's pussy, she retold the story to the others and fielded a few questions. She apologized yet again for not telling everyone ahead of time, but I could tell we were all brushing those apologies aside as unnecessary.

After a while, Aidan started to fuck Ally right next to me, but then he asked if I'd swap with him because he'd always wanted to fuck a porn star. I knew the feeling, so I extracted myself from Sheila, and Aidan quickly replaced my cock in her quim with his.

Ally was laughing and lay back with the gaping hole of her vagina very evident - a dark portal to her inner realm. I knelt in front of her and slowly pushed into her body. Ally said, "I bet you'd like all of your women to make porn films. Maybe we should get Wes and his film crew to come to Boston and let him film one of our orgies."

I laughed and allowed as how that might be our project for the coming year.

 * * * * *