 Jane and I arose at some ungodly hour. I shaved, showered, dressed, and we taxied to Logan Airport, to make the seven a.m. flight to Newark. We were at TCI Headquarters right at nine o'clock, and received a heroes welcome from Pam, who pulled us into her office (Jane's old office) and gave us kisses that nearly set off the fire alarms in the building. She left me with some hip grinding to remember the rest of the day. After that, we pretended we were all business, although Pam told me she'd arranged for my evening activities and pleasures. She even told me she had a surprise. Jane left us to go off to the executive area for her meetings.

I worked throughout the morning and had one huge and gratifying surprise. I was in the cafeteria having lunch with Pam and Debs, her secretary, when John Ringler, the new head of corporate planning, joined us. He told me he was pleased to find me in New Jersey and not in Denver or some other city, as he had a meeting for me to attend after lunch if I could make it. Pam nodded for me to attend, so I was suddenly free. She also gave me a wink that I didn't know how to interpret. I asked John about the meeting but he shook his head and smiled, as though to say 'You'll find out soon enough.'

The mysterious meeting turned out to be with Tim Vaughn, the president and CEO of TCI - the whole shebang. Tim was a multi-millionaire, and for all I knew probably a billionaire. Besides having as much money as God, he was a cordial man, but obviously a no-nonsense individual.

John introduced me, and Tim started right in with a question out of left field, "I hear you were with Jane Ellis the day she had to fire Joe Collard. I also heard you had some really good suggestions for how to manage that situation and minimize the collateral damage."

I nodded. "Yes, I was, and thank you. Most of what happened that day was due to Jane's good business acumen, sir."

"Don't call me 'Sir.' I'm Tim." He turned to John, "Did you tell him why he's here?"

John chuckled, "No, not yet."

Tim turned back to me, "You are about to be our strategic planning consultant - you and your company, FDC. Your firm has a good reputation for doing this kind of work, and Brady Burstein in Denver gave you a reference that makes you seem slightly holier than Jesus. He said you walk on water, have done miracles there in the planning work, binding the entire management team into a cohesive mass that thinks ahead beyond tomorrow, plus helping Jane."

I chuckled, "He exaggerates. I'll take credit for some of the planning work, but Brady is sharp and has a natural knack for thinking far ahead. As for team-building, that's all Jane's doing with Brady's help."

Tim smirked and nodded. "Brady said you were self-effacing. Don't worry I think the world of both Brady and Jane, so your deflecting credit back to them is appreciated but unnecessary to help their reputations." He paused, "You, Brady, and Jane are friends?"

"Yes, we are. We occasionally see each other outside of work, sometimes our business day carries over to our dinners together, but we've gotten to know one another well."

Tim smiled, "Well, you'll be glad to know that effective today, Jane has been promoted to vice president. If she keeps up what she's doing, she'll be an Exec VP a year from now. John said you were headed out there the end of this week, so you might also congratulate Brady on his promotion to Director of Regional Planning. I'd promote you too, except you don't work for me."

I grinned, "Thank you. Both promotions are well deserved."

"Now, to make your day complete, I am about to hand you a blank check. As soon as you can start, I would like you to work with John to put together a corporate-wide strategic planning program similar to the one in the Rocky Mountain Division. Your getting two million for that work, so since we have six regions, five left to do, I figure that's about a ten million dollar chunk of work."

Quick as a flash I said, "It is if the sum of the parts equals the whole and the international bits work like the national regions. Also might there be a separate corporate wide plan that spans the regions?"

Tim looked over his reading glasses at me, giving me a severe and appraising look. I thought for a second he'd be mad because I called him on something he'd said. 

Slowly, Tim said, "That's the kind of thinking I need. Yes ... damn yes, there's an overall plan the others need to fit into and vice versa, plus you're right the international regions are different - very different, and they'll be a problem in the planning effort. So there are six regions plus the umbrella. I guess the check is more like twenty million."

John volunteered, "You'll report to Tim, but I want to be in the loop most of the time. So will some of the other senior managers including Rob Brower our CFO."

Tim said, "I'll want to see you personally at least once a month. A month from now I'd like a crisper cost estimate, and timeline of the activities."

I nodded, "I'll schedule some time with you for then."

Tim studied me again; he asked, "Any questions?"

I shook my head. "I assume I'll be able to get more details from John."

Tim nodded and then waved his fingers towards the door to his office dismissively. John and I left.

After talking to John a few minutes about the work effort, I headed back to Pam's office. I called FDC headquarters and asked to speak to Mike Jensen, our chairman. When he came on the line, I told him I'd just sold something in the vicinity of twenty million dollars in consulting, and he went over the moon just like that.

During that call, he told me that at the partner's weekend retreat they'd just finished and based on my previous work the company's officers had voted at the end of last week to promote me to be an officer of FDC. He laughed, and added that now with this work they'd probably have to do something even more special for me. Mike outlined my new comp package, and a few of the other perks that went with my new job. He knew of my desire to be 'on the road' officer, so he said, little else about my day-to-work would change. He asked me when I planned to be in the office next, and I was a little chagrined to tell him it would be in two weeks only if I rescheduled some TCI work to fit in the visit. 

What a day - a twenty million chunk of work, and a promotion that tripled my earnings if I included what I'd probably get for a bonus. Now, with the sale, my bonus would be even larger.

I floated into Pam's office on Cloud Nine. I asked her, "Did you know about the strategic planning work?"

"No. What strategic planning work? I knew you wanted to get a job to help John do some corporate planning."

I explained to Pam about the meeting with Tim Vaughn. Her jaw dropped open in surprise. "Wow, that's great news on many fronts. For one, that means we'll get some thinking ahead of our budget cycle. I've been lobbying for that for ten years." Pam studied me, "What else? Something else happened."

I puffed out my chest, "I got promoted at FDC. They didn't even know about this new work. I'm now a vice president at FDC."

Pam came around her desk and kissed me, "Oh, we are so going to celebrate tonight and you are going to get so laid, re-laid, and parlayed."

A voice from the door caught me off guard. Debs stood there watching the two of us kiss. She was blushing but said, "Your two o'clock is here. Shall I send them in?"

Pam pushed me away with a smirk. She whispered, "Later." Turning to Debs she said, "Yes, let's get started. Have them come in."

I went down to the room I used as an office, and started in on what I'd planned to be doing that afternoon. My concentration was pretty well destroyed, so I ended up making copious notes on how I now saw the strategic planning effort. I also had a couple of meetings with some of the project leaders for the systems work. 

I texted congratulations to Brady and Jane, and then created a longer email about the corporate-wide strategic planning effort and my promotion. Brady sent back one word - Congratulations. Jane sent back 143 - the numbers meaning 'I love you.' She knew we'd play later.

I sent Fran, Sheila, Ally, René, and Ivy a brief text too: 'Got promoted and big raise. Also sold huge consulting job. VERY Happy day. Love you. S.' I got reply texts of congratulations and 'talk to you later.' I knew I'd have a busy evening on the phone bringing everyone up to speed.

Pam had a meeting until six-thirty. Thus, I called home about six o'clock, got Fran, and she put me on speaker phone so all five women, plus Aidan and Matt, could hear my news. We had an exceptionally cheery conversation, and then we ended the call. 

A minute later, my phone rang. It was Fran. "Steve, I'm glad I caught you before you got on another call. I have a serious question to ask."

"Go ahead, what's up? You sound like something's wrong?"

"I'm not sure; that's up to you and what you say." She paused and went on, "Matt stayed over last night, but you knew that. He's cool and we all like him. My question is this; he seems to want to hang around almost full time now, and should we let him?"

I asked, "Do you get any negative vibes from him?"

"No. None, but then I didn't with Joel either, until I just about got raped by the guy."

I told her, "Matt seems different. He's not cocky the way Joel was. Look the decision is yours, but it wouldn't be out of place to suggest to him that he take it slow. Explain to him how he'll ingratiate himself more deeply with each of you if you can take the time to know him and he knows you. Maybe you want to set a particular number of nights he's allowed to sleep over for now. Set some boundaries and see how he behaves."

"That's a great idea. Thanks. I just don't want to pop his bubble of enthusiasm, but then I don't want to suddenly have a leech around us either."

We ended that call just as Pam stuck her head into my conference room. "You ready to go?"

"I am. What's the plan?"

"Jane's in my office ready to go, and we're meeting Pete, Bob, and other friends for dinner over near Jane's house, and then we're crashing there for the night. Lots of sex planned, if you're up for it, old man."

I smiled, "Of course; whatever pleases you the most."

Pam checked the hallway, "I am mostly pleased by your cock in my cunt, but that'll come a little later I hope. In the meantime, let's go. We're late."

I rode with Pam and Jane, and we ended a half-hour later walking into an unpretentious restaurant named Charley's Aunt just off Main Street in Chatham. Our group took about half the restaurant. Bob saw us and motioned us over to their large table. Pete, Zoey, and a woman I didn't know were already seated and enjoying glasses of wine.

Every time I saw Zoey, I always thought of her as The Minx, because that was the first thought I had about her when I met her. She had leanings towards being an Emo Girl - tattoos and piercings, but had cleaned up her act a little since I'd first met her over a year earlier. I discovered she was probably the most brilliant person I knew, probably with an IQ near 180. Zoey also had a lot of money, and I mean a lot, although no one really knew exactly, but she could be classified as extremely well off.

Zoey introduced me to Kristen, a pretty black haired girl about the same age as Zoey. Kristen had an engaging smile and also breasts that demanded visual attention, particularly as the wrap-around top she wore kept revealing not only cleavage but also a significant part of the surrounding real estate. I quickly adopted the training my mother had ingrained in me, and looked her right in the eye and tried to control my ogling.

We got our drinks, ordered dinner, and had a lively discussion. I had ended up sitting next to Kristen, which I guess was good because everybody else seemed to know each other except for Jane and Kristen, but Jane had latched onto Bob's arm. I realized a lot had happened in the three weeks I'd been absent from TCI New Jersey.

Zoey and Kristen were best friends, and Kristen had heard about me from her friend. Pam put me on display a bit when she told the table about the huge consulting job I'd landed that day, and then about my promotion, both of which resulted in significant toasts. Of course, I felt compelled to pick up the entire tab for the evening. Pam whispered to me later to bill it to the expenses for the consulting work in some way.

Kristen had a recent MBA from Wharton, a point that surprised me because of her apparent young age. I also found out she was a major player in something called the Mendenthal Foundation, a charitable trust that donated money to do social research and support philanthropic efforts to create opportunities for the less fortunate. It wasn't until probing more deeply that I realized the Foundation had been set up by Zoey's parents. She was a Mendenthal - Zoey Mendenthal. I realized that Zoey was personally worth something close to a billion dollars, because the Foundation had about twenty billion in assets.

I just tossed all that information into my memory banks, and then recalled that Zoey had the leanings to be a super-slut, and I liked to make love with her, as did Bob and Pete. I wondered whether Kristen was of the same ilk, but figured we'd find out soon enough when we all went back to Jane's house - if Kristen went with us.

Dinner was fun, with lots of banter and crisscrossed conversations and laughter. I did get to know Kristen better, as well as Zoey who changed seats with her about halfway through the meal and really came onto me with a lot of heavy flirting.

At Jane's house, I broke out several bottles of wine, and we enjoyed a nightcap of sorts. While driving over Pam had told me to cuddle up to Zoey and Kristen. She needed to be with Bob to reacquaint him with her body, at least for the starting part of the evening. They hadn't been together for a few weeks for various reasons. That left Pete and Jane as a logical but happy combination.

Consequently, I maneuvered myself to Zoey and got a few kisses in with her to show her I was definitely interested in mating with her. She seemed to feel likewise, because the ardor of our kisses grew rapidly until Zoey was grinding her pussy against my leg.

I hiked up her skirt a little to see if I could squeeze her ass, and then I discovered she hadn't been wearing any panties or thong - I love it when my job gets easier. Zoey whispered in my ear, "Take my skirt off. Eat me. Eat Kristen too - she loves oral sex."

Kristen nestled in under my other arm and turned her face up to mine. We immediately got into some French kisses that involved a lot of tongue. Kristen tasted really good.

Zoey's skirt, top, and lacy bra disappeared in seconds, but then so did Kristen's and my clothing. Bob had stripped Pam quickly too, leaving Pete to delicately unwrap Jane's body. Watching the women's bodies become revealed left me with a '10' - a perfect hard-on that could have gotten any harder if it had been enshrined in bronze.

I felt an amazing high - the large consulting work, all the promotions including my own, and now the opportunity to make love to two beautiful women, one of whom was a billionaire.

I went down on Zoey, a delight because she tasted like the best dessert a man could imagine. Apparently, Zoey liked what I did to her, because she soared into orbit in record time, trying to stuff my entire head inside her pussy as I brought her to one orgasm after another with tongue, lips, and fingers. 

Kristen lay down beside us, and I switched back and forth between their pussies, keeping the one I wasn't using my mouth on active with my fingers.

"Come fuck me," Zoey implored.

Not one to disappoint, I moved up and soon had my cock buried to the hilt inside the pretty woman. Zoey's hips were going wild, trying to pump harder into me than I was pumping into her. Together, we filled the room with the sound of flesh slapping together in a serious fuck.

After a good ten minutes of aggressive fucking, Zoey said, "I remember now - you can go for hours. Are you going to hold off, or are you going to fill my sweet little cunt with your man goo?"

I panted back at her, "What would you like me to do? I was sort of preparing to give you a dozen earth-shattering orgasms before I shifted over and got your BFF to the same stage."

Zoey laughed as she again launched her body at mine, "Such a selfless man. Give me six of them and then fuck Kristen." Before a minute had passed she said, "Oh, fuck, you're giving me one right now."

A second and third orgasm swept past Zoey, but I didn't pause. Instead, I changed the angle of penetration so I might touch her G-spot as I oscillated in and out of her velvet nest. I knew I'd found the right place, when she started to flush with color. A thumb on her clit, and her fourth ripped past her body.

I was hard enough and Zoey small enough that I thought I might be able to pull off an A-spot orgasm. I probed around deeply with my cockhead until I saw Zoey's eyes pop open. She muttered, "Oh, fuck!"

I ground around right in that area, imagining the head of my cock stroking and twisting right over the sensitive spot of interior skin near her cervix. Again, I touched her clit with my thumb as I pushed deep inside her, and then Zoey came with a colossal amount of noise and panting. 

Zoey hugged me to her, "Steve, you are a magnificent lover ... and I do love you." She paused, and emphasized, "Hear me, really well. I love you."

Now, Zoey had never used those words with me before, and I thought that if she cared deeply for anyone it would have been Pete or Bob. Instead of committing the words back to her, I leaned in and gave her a confirming passionate kiss. I could tell Zoey took that well.

I leaned in and sucked on Zoey's tits as I continued to piston into her body. The combination must have been too much for her because she had yet another orgasm, this time with her pussy twittering in spasms around my cock. 

I whispered to her, "That's six, with love; and I bet Kristen is lonely."

Zoey and I both looked beside us where Kristen was driving three fingers into her pussy. We grinned at her, and I maneuvered in front of her body. Without waiting for an invitation, I slapped my cock against her pussy and then drove all eight plus inches inside the gorgeous woman. Kristen moaned in ecstasy as each millimeter entered her body.

I started to really slam into the pretty little slut's body, and she rose to the occasion. I could feel her start to crest, and I brought myself to the edge, and held on. Kristen started to fire off little mini-orgasms, her vagina having a hiccup or spasm with each one. I applied some of my Tantric knowledge, and soon I'd increased the intensity of her orgasms plus the closeness we shared together.

After giving Kristen six worthwhile orgasms in addition to the little shudders, I moved back to Zoey. I gave her another, but suddenly, when Zoey's seventh climax started, I erupted inside her with the power of a fire hose washing down every surface inside her cunt.

Zoey entered a state of rapture. She held onto me for dear life, our lips smashed together. As our peaks passed, she softened, and relaxed into my arms and then we were just two lovers savoring the afterglow of fabulously great lovemaking session. Zoey whispered, "Steve, I really love you."

"I'm engaged."

"Oh, I know. I just like being with you - like this, or anyway at all." She added, "I really like Kristen too. I'd love it if you gave her the Big Steve Experience. She'll get off on it for a long time."

I promised I'd try. Zoey excused herself to take a bathroom break, but I had the feeling she was giving us time to be together.

Kristen and I toyed and stroked each other, and gradually my '5' became a '10.' I re-entered her body, now with a different mission. I carefully positioned Kristen so I could use both hands to help bring her to a really large peak. I did a G-spot orgasm with her, and then started on the A-spot, only now I started to add in the touching of specific erogenous zones, a finger ready at her asshole to penetrate, and a few light slaps to pussy and breasts, a hand on the neck with just the right pressure, and then BANG ... our climaxes hit. 
