 Jane spent an extra day in Boston since nothing was flying, and the train service was spotty at best. For two days driving was a no-no from Washington to Maine and beyond. We didn't leave Jane's house until the next morning, Wednesday. The Cambridge crew was likewise marooned together. Fran explained the surreptitious plan to wear out Ned, thus he had reached a point where his physiology just refused to function. Matt had paced himself a little better, but he too declared a timeout for recovery.

Wednesday, the sun came out, and life seemed more normal except for some huge snowdrifts where the plows had piled up the snow. We all went to our work and had a more normal work day than slipping in a few hours on the computer here and there the day before. 

Flights started up again, and to my surprise Wednesday afternoon Jane strolled into my conference room about three o'clock. She gave me a peck on the lips, and explained about her travel travails. She also informed me that I was hers for the night; others were welcome to join us but she wanted me next to her from eight to eight, as she put it. I told her that sounded pretty good to me too.

Pam headed home and picked up Kristen on the way. They'd be with Bob and Pete, who'd gotten out of the city and home about midnight on Tuesday. Zoey texted and asked if they could join me at Jane's again. I checked with Jane and she said, "Oh, Yes, have her come, I really like her," so I texted back some instructions regarding dinner I knew she wouldn't mind fulfilling.

Those decisions resulted in me being in Jane's large bed with two horny women after dinner. I showed Jane special preference, but I don't think anyone noticed because she got rather turned on by Zoey, and so the two women enjoyed some sapphic loving as I took turns with each of them. We slept together in the large bed. I surrounded Jane with my love as she spooned Zoey.

In the morning, Zoey left me with Jane for a bit, so we made love before showering and getting ready to go off to TCI. We kissed Zoey goodbye. She was heading off to Washington by train to meet with some congressmen about some cause she wanted their sponsorship for.

Amazingly, the temperatures had risen to almost sixty degrees, so the snowmelt was taking place at a phenomenal rate. At TCI, I didn't see Jane the rest of the day until about six o'clock when she showed up in my conference room again. She suggested a romantic dinner, and I welcomed the opportunity.

Before we left, she thrust a single page into my hands. It was an official announcement of her promotion that was released to the press at four o'clock. This would be on the front page of even the Wall Street Journal because the succession was such a major event, and TCI was such a major influence on some of the financial markets. 

Many people were still at work when we walked down the halls heading towards the underground parking garage. Person after person made it a point to come up to Jane and congratulate her. Word sure traveled fast. 

We ate at a small but busy bistro in Madison, and while there, no fewer than a dozen men and women Jane knew came up and congratulated her. The words were kind and laudatory. Jane was humble, saying things like 'I've just been doing my job,' but everyone knew she excelled at what she did and put in more time and brainpower to her work than any other executive in the company. Given her position and age, she might become the first female head of TCI, and one of the very few women CEOs who ran a multibillion-dollar corporation.

Back at Jane's house we made tender and sweet love all night. She also talked about the pleasures she enjoyed at the Cambridge condo, and thanked me for the hospitality. I explained that she was a 'sister' and had full rights to be there anytime she wanted so thanking me was unnecessary as it was her home too. She knew that, and also knew that she'd be a major part of the commitment ceremony at my wedding to Fran on St. Maartens in April.

I asked her about being in the wedding, our unconventional service and plans for a weeklong orgy, and wondered given her new executive status if she could spare the time and if she got seen what it would do to her reputation.

Jane smiled, and said in a sincere tone, "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a shit." She laughed at the parody on the words from Gone With The Wind. She added, "I am going to be there for the whole thing. If I get seen and photographed and roasted for being a loving and sexual human being then fuck them. I will have nothing to apologize for, and I will gladly give up whatever the Board wants me to give up to be with my new family."

I hoped she meant what she said, because I thought there might indeed be some spies about who would want to discredit her. That realization made me think of some restrictions I wanted to put on the event, or some other measures to preserve not only Jane's sanctity, but also that of some of the other guests. Jane wouldn't be the only person at the wedding holding an important public position. I made a note to talk to Fran about what my thinking meant in terms of the wedding and following party. I was getting more protective of the people I loved.

I had the weekend plus Monday and Tuesday back in Cambridge, and during the days at the FDC offices working on staffing and other aspects of the various projects I was overseeing, now as a new officer. 

I reestablished loving contact with my six 'Cambridge wives' as Fran had started to call them. I still got some teasing from my FDC colleagues about my harem, and somehow word had gotten out about some of the out-of-town others, such as Jane, Brenda and Pam. At 'home' in Cambridge I now lived with Fran, Sheila, Ally, René, Ivy, and Loren. I thought it interesting they referred to themselves as 'sisters,' and I discovered on the TV that they had recorded and were saving every episode of the cable TV series entitled 'Sister Wives.'  I watched a couple of episodes and didn't see too many similarities.

The TV show did wake me up to the potential legal implications of having a de facto marriage to at least six women because the extended family on TV was having trouble with the State of Utah. I decided I needed to check with a lawyer to see if any of us were tempting the long arm of the law for living the way we were. I wondered if being married to one of them would make any difference too.

Ned and Matt had become nearly constant companions during the evening hours, plus Aidan had been coming by frequently. I did a mood check with each of the 'sisters' about how they felt about each of the men, and how I was positioned in that ranking. I ended up feeling comfortable with the whole situation. No one was being possessive or trying to cut someone out of the pack for personal attention and enjoyment.

I'd also started reading about polyamorous relationships again, delving into detail about the kinds of situations that damage the interactions between the players or even end up with the demise of the loving group. Not surprisingly, jealousy was at the top of the list. Delving deeper I found that in the type of relationship we'd formed the jealousy might show up from insecurity about fitting in the group and being loved, anxiety over losing something such as access or control, or envy at someone getting something they want.

As a result of this I made it a point over the following weeks to take a careful look at how each person in our mix interacted with the others, even trying to take an objective look at my own behavior.

Ned and Matt were struggling to establish a permanent place in the pecking order in the circle. They wanted to be in the inner circle. I went out of my way to make sure they knew I wanted to include them in our activities and that I wasn't jealous of their sexual play with the women. They both seemed to breathe easier after those talks, feeling more included.

Loren seemed to retain some of her insecurities, so I again went out of my way to include her in intimate activities and to tell her more frequently that I loved her and wanted her with me. I had several talks with her about living in a polyamorous situation, and each time she seemed to fit in more tightly with the group, coming to see herself as an integral cog in our growing family.

Ivy had a personality that seemed to want some drama in it from day to day. I coached her that creating drama in the family where none was needed was destructive to the fabric of what we were trying to do. I think my bluntness got her attention, because her behavior changed instantly to be more peace seeking. In talking to her, I realized I also needed to spend more intimate time with Ivy to pull her in closer to me and my love.

Sheila and Ally felt secure in my love for them. We'd started together, and they felt comfortable being 'founding sisters.' They each felt some responsibility for soothing over the little frictions that arose on a daily basis between us all. Sheila still wondered about how we perceived her after her stint in porn, and I assured her that as far as I could see she'd only improved her status by doing something daring. I encouraged her to do more if she wanted.

René understood all of my questions and areas of concern, but she claimed she had no issues except being able to spend more time with everyone. If she had any jealousy, it was her lack of time due to her schedule at the hospital. 

Fran was my first and last consideration - my fiancée. We talked and shared a lot more feelings that came up naturally than with the others, not that I was trying to hide them, but Fran knew how to ask the right questions that got me talking about what I felt and worried about. She was fine so long as we were on track not just for the wedding, but for the longer haul as a husband and wife in an open relationship. We talked a lot about what 'open' meant and how that might change over time. We also talked about the other women I had an intimate connection with, including her mother, but no changes seemed necessary.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *