 Author's Note: This story contains MMF sex with consenting adults who are all 18 years or older. Enjoy!

------------------------------------------

Andrea giggled drunkenly as Brett pulled her on top of him, Walter rubbing her jean-covered ass from behind. She knew that she was drunk, but she didn't care... her long time boyfriend, John, had just broken up with her a week before and she was free. Maybe she hadn't wanted the freedom, but hell, since it was here why not take advantage of it?

John had always refused to do any kind of threesome with her, he had some deep seated fear that she would leave him for the other person. Well now he'd left her and she was getting to fulfill one of her fantasies, a threesome... two guys and her as the only female, the receiving end of their lusts and attention.

She moaned as Brett's hands slid her shirt off, Walter pulling just as insistently at her jeans... their hands felt so good on her smooth skin. It wasn't just that she wanted to do something that John had never agreed to, she was also unbearably horny. The alcohol didn't help either, it had always made her more flirtatious, more daring... more lustful.

Now she was half naked and writhing between the two guys... Brett's hands slipped inside her bra, lifting her breasts out of their confinement as Walter undid the hooks on the piece of clothing. Kisses trailed down her sensitive back, his tongue flicking out to lick her smooth skin and send little tremors through her body as his teeth bit in slightly.

"Oh yes..." she moaned... her back arched as Walter nibbled on her back, bringing her breasts to Brett's face and he sucked a nipple into her mouth.

She'd had no idea it would be so fantastic... two mouths, four hands roaming all over her body, and all she had to do was take it. They grabbed at her, rubbing and caressing, their mouths sucking on her flesh as though they couldn't get enough.

Walter pulled her off Brett, lying her down so that she was on her back. The two men slid on either side of her, pulling off some of their own clothes... she could feel their dicks pressing against her thighs as they lowered their mouths to her nipples... one mouth on each nipple. Gasping, she writhed between them, someone's fingers trailing down to slide under her panties and into her already soaking slit...

It felt so strange to have two mouths on her nipples. Brett was much more gentle, rolling her nipple between his teeth and flicking it with his tongue, sucking it deep into is mouth. But Walter bit down on the tender bud, nibbling and chewing on it... the combined sensations made her writhe with excitement, fingers dipping into her pussy completing the effect.

Brett pulled off of her nipple and moved up to kiss her, she turned to accept the kiss, their tongues twining as Walter began to bite at the nipple Brett had just occupied. The fingers pushed into her pussy even deeper, making her moan into Brett's mouth. 

Then Brett moved up even further so that he was sitting by her head, pulling off his boxers so that his cock pointed straight as the ceiling. Walter helped turn her so that she was on all fours, her head level hanging over Brett's cock.

"Suck it Andrea," Brett said, pushing her head down to his dick... her lips opened to take the head of it into her mouth and he moaned. Behind her, Walter ripped off her panties with a force that made her squeal around the meat in her mouth... she lowered her head onto Brett's dick as much as possible, making her position herself so that her ass was in the air, offering herself to Walter.

Something hard and firm rubbed against her pussy, teasing her horribly as it slid up and down between her soaking folds... she moaned around Brett's dick, taking him deeper into her throat as his hips thrust upwards. Her throat worked convulsively as he shoved himself into her mouth, her lips only a bare inch away from his groin she was swallowing him so deeply. It felt like her entire body had given way to lust and sensation.

Then Walter began to push into her hot hole and she thought that she might explode from the pleasure... she was still so tight, even though she was wet, and he had to work to get himself inside. Painful pleasure that made her whimper around Brett's dick, his hands on the back of her head trying to push her further onto him. Slowly more and more of Walter's dick sank into her from behind, and Brett managed to push her all the way onto his shaft, her lips wrapped around the base of his dick.

The whimpers that Walter was creating massaged Brett's dick in her throat, and Andrea struggled not to choke on him. Then Walter began thrusting in and out of her pussy and she let go of all control, allowing both of them to use her body, taking her on opposite ends... their dicks seemed to push into her, trying to meet in the middle of her existence, shoving deeper all the time. 

Andrea moaned and whimpered as someone began playing with her breasts, the hot shaft in her pussy stabbing deeper and deeper with every thrust, stretching her wide and shoving her onto Brett's body. The three of them moved in unison, Andrea the grunt in the middle of their poles, taking it from either end. 

Walter's hands gripped her breasts tightly, she knew they were Walter's because Brett's were lost in her hair, pushing her head down onto him as he fucked her mouth. Pinching her nipples, he pulled them and rolled them, making her writhe on his dick as he took her from behind like a bitch. His hands dug into her tender flesh as she backed herself onto him, feeling fire curling in her belly and reaching for it with all her being, working herself back and forth on his dick as he plunged into her.

Her pussy tightened around him as she began to thrash in ecstacy, her throat closing over Brett's cock as she tried to let out a primal scream of ecstacy. The two men bucked against her, inside her, and her throat worked as Brett began to spill heavy cream into her mouth. Shuddering, her entire body tightened as orgasm whirled around her in a maelstrom of sensation. 

Fucking her harder and harder, Walter's grip on her breasts became almost unbearable as he shoved into her body, her pussy splaying outward against his groin as he rubbed himself up and down, his dick bouncing inside of her. Her orgasm spiraled out of control as he swelled inside of her and began to cum, his dick moving inside her even as he held himself completely still against her body. 

They all shuddered and lay still, both dicks slowly shrinking inside of her... and then Brett pulled out of her mouth and moved down so that he could touch her, stroking her gently.

"That was fantastic," sighed Andrea.

"Damn straight it was," Walter grinned as he pulled his dick from her sopping pussy, "We should do it again sometime."

"Definitely," agreed Brett, "I didn't even get a taste of that sweet pussy."