 One night on a restless evening in where you couldn't fall asleep you decide to surf around on the internet until you come across a very unusual website. At first you were looking of pics of well-hung men that led to some dating sites for women looking for well-endowed men. What you have stumbled upon is a very unique swingers club on the Florida panhandle that caters to women who love hung men. According to the site, single women looking for men larger than 8" were welcome for free and if you are from out of town, they not only have accommodations so you could stay overnight for free but they would provide transportation if you live in a state connected to Florida. 

The offer sounded too good to be true but your curiosity was too much. You call the number on the site and speak to a very friendly sounding man. 

"Is this on the level?" you ask.

"Yes, it is 100% legit. Men and couples pay to come here but single women are invited for free." The man answers.

"And all of the guys are well endowed?" You ask anxiously.

"Yes, every man is required to be at least 8" and above average in thickness."

The thought was truly inviting. You asked how you could arrange an opportunity to visit. The man asks for your address and tells you a transport will be there on Friday afternoon. You make arrangements to get away for the weekend and pack enough for a few days. That Friday afternoon at about 12:30 pm, a SUV pulls up in front of your home. A tall man comes out of the vehicle, he is very handsome but scruffy looking. He has long hair and a beard. His body looks very fit and he looks to be in his late 30's or possibly early 40's.

When you come to the door, he introduces himself. "Hello Miss Scott, my name is David. My friends call me "Down Under Dave." You immediately notice he has a thick accent. 

"Where are you from?" You ask.

"Australia, I came to the U.S. about 10 years ago and loved it here and stayed."

He asks if you need help carrying your bags to the car and you tell him you appreciate the help. After he loads your two bags into the back of the car, he comes around and opens your door like a gentleman. The drive takes a few hours but you find Dave to be a wonderful conversationalist. He asks you why you chose to visit the club and you tell him you are looking for something different and fun. You even confess you have been attracted to men who are well-endowed and have always loved big cocks.

You planned on taking a nap during the trip but find yourself really enjoying the talk and even becoming very attracted to Dave. He might be one of the hottest guys you have seen in a long time and his accent drives you nuts. His personality & humor makes him even hotter in your estimation and you even begin to think you would love to spend the weekend with him.

By the time you get to the club Dave has explained how the club works. A married couple who were into swinging bought a resort area that is out of any city limits along the beach. A good stretch of the beach is on private land, so the visitors can freely roam around and even fool around if they want. Dave explains that you will get your own room and if you want to bring anyone to the room it will be your decision. He tells you that during the day most people hang out at the pool or beach and at night they hang out at the bar/nightclub in the lobby. He also tells you there is no pressure or expectation to do anything. If you want to pass on a guy's advance you can and you are welcome to hit on any man you see but not to engage a man who is already talking to a woman. The whole resort is private and you can wear as much or as little as you want, even nude.

He pulls up to the front of the lobby and a doorman takes your bags from the back. Before he drives off, Dave says "Have fun!" You get checked into your room which you are surprised with how large, plush and nice your room is. It's a large suite and the first thing you do is lay down after a long exhausting drive and fall asleep. When you wake up you see by the clock that its past midnight and decide to go back to sleep and just save your energy for the next day.

That morning you decide to visit the pool, to your surprise there isn't but maybe twenty or thirty people. Some are in bathing suites and some are actually nude, even men. Quickly you realize that it is very true that every man is sporting a large dick. Some are white some are black, a few are even semi-erect but every penis you see is large. Your head is spinning and you feel the pit in your stomach beginning to churn. You take a lounge chair under an umbrella and enjoy the view. Thank goodness you remembered to wear sunglasses because you would have got caught staring, which you are. Although you are wearing shorts and a tee shirt, you feel vulnerable and embarrassed seeing so many people walking around in the buff, but then an image takes your breath away.

You see Dave coming out of the water. He must have been swimming in the water and you didn't see him but he is exiting the pool just ten feet in front of you and he is completely nude!! His body is just as rugged, muscular and amazing as you imagined. Just like his long hair and beard, his chest is hairy and manly. He is buffed and his body looks even younger than his facial features but he is still a fine man. Most of all, with him being completely nude you can see his package which is very impressive. Although he appears to be flaccid, his cock looks like its already 6 or 7" with huge balls to match. It swings as he begins to walk toward you. You almost swallow your tongue in excitement and Dave walks right up to you and says, "I looked for you at the club last night but didn't see you."

"Uh, I was tired from the trip and decided to rest last night. I thought you just worked as a driver, are you a member?" 

"It's a perk for driving, I get to use the club too." His answer excites and intimidates you. As he speaks your eyes fixate on his cock while he stands beside you. It really looks big and very inviting although it is just hanging soft. You are really glad you are wearing the sunglasses now. 

"I really enjoyed our conversation."

"I did too." You tell him.

"I really liked when you told me, you liked men with big cocks. As you can see now, I might be someone you like."

With a big smile on your face you say, "I liked you before, but now I think I like you even more."

Just then you hear a voice yell, "Dave!" Dave looks back near a building the voice comes from and he says to you. "Hang on, that's my boss. They must need something." Before he walks away, he leans down into your ear and whispers in his sexy Australian accent, "There is something else I want to show you..."

As he walks away you have to catch your breath. The thought of what that might be makes you giddy with anticipation and you find yourself getting as horny as you have ever been in your life. 10 minutes turns into 20 minutes and then you realize that fewer people are at the pool as it really gets hot outside. Your heart sinks as you realize Dave might not be coming back. You were almost building yourself to invite him back to your room. Slightly depressed, you decide to take a walk along the beach. 

You see a few nude sunbathers on the beach but as you walk a little further you find yourself all alone. You find some shade under some tress by the beach and sit on a towel you brought. Your feel upset but perhaps you will see Dave again soon. As you lay there, you replay the image of Dave coming out of the water, dripping wet and looking hotter than hell. That cock swinging left to right as he walked towards you is a sight you can't get out of your head. That magnificent body and handsome face has your pussy wet and you subconsciously run your hand inside your shorts. You begin to rub your pussy as you picture Dave with an erection, knowing his cock has to be huge when its hard. When you realize what you are doing, you look around up and down the beach and behind you, feeling relief that you are all alone with no one in sight. You do something that surprises yourself and stand to strip out of your clothes. When you lay back down you open your legs and begin to rub your pussy again. 

The cooling breeze off of the gulf and the warming rays of the sun makes the sensation even better. "Oh, Dave" you whisper out loud as you begin to feverously rub your pussy. You imagine what kind of fuck he would be and you imagine he is as good as he looks. Completely nude on the beach and all alone in the hot sun with a Gulf breeze keeping you cool, you really begin to rub faster, getting really into it. You even raise your knees back as your legs are open rubbing your pussy in a furious pace. "Oh Dave, I love your cock!" You say out loud as you picture the man fucking you.

"Penny for your thoughts?" You hear a voice in that familiar Australian accent. You almost shriek in shock as you open your eyes and see the man himself standing right in front of you, still completely nude but with one major difference. That flaccid cock from the pool is now completely erect and as impressive as you imagined. It sticks completely out and even curves slightly up as he sports possibly the hardest looking cock you have ever seen. Easily 10 or 11" and very thick, you rip off your sunglasses to get a better view of it.

"You were saying?" He asks sheepishly.

"Oh my God, I love your cock, you are the finest looking man I have ever laid eyes on." You tell him without hesitation. 

"I told you I had something else to show you." As he pushes his cock downward only to release it, making his cock spring back up, showing off his incredible erection and how hard it is. 

"I wanna touch it" you beg him. Dave walks closer to you and gets on his knees next to you. You reach out with a trembling hand, nervous with excitement. You grab his cock and begin to stroke it, he has a lot of foreskin as his cock is uncircumcised. It is thick and he has huge veins running down it. As you stroke his cock with your hand, he puts his hand on your pussy. "Wow, that's a wet pussy you have there Ms. Scott."

"You make it wet, Down Under Dave, you make it very wet." With that he leans down and begins to lick your pussy. You lean back and moan while you never let go of his cock. 

"Oh yeah, lick it, lick my pussy", you command him and he obeys with long licks on your pussy, while he slides a couple of fingers deep in your wet pussy. You continue to stroke his huge cock and come closer to it with your mouth. He lifts his leg and you slide under him as the two of you begin to 69. His thick cock sliding between your lips, you fill as much of his cock as you can fit into your mouth. With his hands on your inner thighs, Dave opens your legs wide and feverishly licks your pussy as his cock fills your mouth.

You reach up and squeeze his balls and Dave gives out a moan, you sense he loves it and continue squeezing his huge nuts as you suck his cock. Even though you two 69 for the next five minutes, all both of you can think about is fucking until you finally pull your mouth off of his huge cock and tell him to fuck you. Dave obliges and hops off of you and gets on his knees in front of you. He grabs your ankles up in the air and positions his huge stiff prick in front of your pussy lips. You reach down and position his huge head to line it up to your hole. When you slide a bit of his head inside you Dave gives a thrust, his cock begins to slip inside you.

Although he is extremely girthy and you haven't had a cock of his size in a while, it slides in easily since you are very wet. Dave is impressed with how easily you take his fat dick. "Wow Ms. Scott, usually I have to work myself into women slowly, you really do love big cocks."

"You made me relaxed and I am so turned on." You tell him. As his cock easily glides deeper and deeper inside you, you are actually shocked at how effortlessly you take his huge dick as you watch hit slide deep in you. You rear your head back, letting out a huge moan, it might be sliding inside you with little effort but the sensation is still incredible. You look back down as his cock is sliding in and out slowly, your pussy eating up every inch of his extraordinarily long penis. Soon Dave puts his hands on the ground on each side of you and straightens his legs, he begins to pump your pussy faster and harder.

"Yes, YES!! Give it to me!!" you yell "I can take that cock!!" Impressed that you can indeed take his cock with ease, he pumps your pussy faster. 

"Wow! I have never had a lady take me so easily!" Dave says obviously impressed. "Ms. Scott your pussy is so deep!" You open your legs wide as the Australian stud fucks you with long hard strokes. "Fuck, your pussy is deep!!" He continues to pump his big dick into you. Something bad and evil begins to stir deep in you. The trip, the intense horniness ignites something dark deep in your soul. The frustrating way he left you actually pissed you off and now you are going to make him pay for ditching you like that. 

"Give it to me motherfucker, show me what you can do with that cock, because you haven't shown me shit yet!" You scream. This seems to shock Dave with embarrassment, he begins to trust harder. "Come on Dave, don't be shy with that cock!! Show me what you can do!! Don't Australian men know how to fuck American pussy??!!" Not only does he make the strokes longer but he picks up the speed, he is breathing harder from the exertion. "Yes!! Yes!!" you scream, much better keep it up like that. 

"Oh Ms. Scott, I have never met a woman like you. You are something!" You reach up and grab Dave's tight firm ass, pulling his cock back into your pussy hard and deep. "Don't hold back Dave." You tell him. "Fuck the hell out of me!" 

Dave enjoys the challenge and so he decides to change positions and puts you on your knees and fuck you doggie style. "Try to take this pounding Ms. Scott." He warns you.

Now on your knees and elbows, Dave runs his cock head up and down between your dripping wet pussy lips, pushing it back inside you. He grabs your ass cheeks as his cock slips back inside you deep. He begins to fuck you hard within seconds, sensing it's what you want & desire. Although you grit your teeth from his awesome thickness, you continue to challenge him to fuck you as hard as he can. Your words are almost insulting but Dave understands that you are a woman of needs and right now you need to be fucked hard by his big cock. The sound of his hips slapping your ass cheeks are nearly as loud as your yelling at him to fuck you harder & faster. You estimate you can hear 29 or thirty slaps every ten seconds, he is fucking you at a furious pace. But that bad side is still taking over and you begin to push back on his cock making it go deeper and making the thrust harder.

"Yeah, give it to me!!" You yell, surprising yourself with your aggression but Dave simply has you so hot and horny. His cock continues to plow your pussy when suddenly you hear a voice.

"Damn man, you are giving it to this chick!" You look up and see a man with jet black hair and olive skin standing next to you two. How long he has been there, you have no ideal with your attention with how Dave has been fucking you. He sounds like he is from New York and he looks Italian. Although he doesn't completely stop fucking you, Dave slows down as he greets this other man. 

"Oh hey, Frank. Ms. Scott meet my good friend from the Bronx, Frank Moretti. We call him "Big Italy". Show her why we call you "Big Italy". With that the nice-looking Italian man removes his tee-shirt and then pulls off his cut off jeans he was wearing. Your eyes bulge out and you blurt out "Oh my God!" as you see the other man's already hard cock which is as long as Dave's but much thicker. As thick as you have ever seen, as thick as your wrist. It simply hangs there. It might be because you are so horny or because you are still being penetrated by an impressive cock, but Frank's cock is making your jaw drop and making the evil bad side of you even stronger.

"Man, this woman can flat out take a dick, I have been fucking her with all I have and she is just gobbling me up." Dave says obviously exasperated. Frank is stroking his thick cock, he has obviously not only been watching you two go at it for awhile but he likes what he sees. 

"You ready for some Italian meat, woman?" Frank asks boldly.

"Bring it" you say. You are shocked with your own bravado but that is only because these two huge cocks have you crazy with lust. Between fucking outside, the sexiness of the two men and your high level of arousal, you can't think of a time you have ever been this hot and horny. "Come get some," the Italian man challenges you as he strips all of his clothes off and lays down on the beach towel.

As Frank lays down, Dave pulls out of you to let you mount the Italian from top. The dark brown cock of Frank looks like a humongous sausage as it lies across his stomach full of girth, easily over 8 ½" in circumference. You grab it with your hand and exclaim out loud with a "Wow!". It is absolutely the thickest cock you have ever seen. You can't wrap your fingers around, it is that thick. You figure his cock has to weigh a few pounds erect as girthy as if seems and feels. The fact that he is over 10" and this thick really impresses you that it can actually be this incredibly hard.

On your knees next to this Italian hunk, you throw a leg over him and ready yourself to take this huge piece of meat inside you but you decide you won't let him intimidate you as you ready to ride it you line it up with your pussy and mount his monster cock and slide right down not taking it slow but pushing it in deep in just a second or two.

"Fucking A!!" Frank exclaims "I have never had a woman just slide it right in like that, they usually have to work it in slowly!!" The fact that Dave has been fucking you so hard with his big cock, your pussy being so wet and this aggressive, nymphomaniac persona coming out, you aren't surprised that you were able to swallow his boner. But make no mistake his cock is filling your hole completely and it is stuffed with this huge Italian's cock. As you being to ride him you yell, "Come on Frank, give it to me!! Let's see if you know how to fuck a woman!"

"Woah, mama mia, you hear the mouth on this chick Dave? Franks asks his friend.

"Give it to her. She's daring you, man." Dave tells him.

Frank grabs your ass and begins to pump his cock into you, matching your bounces on his cock. "Alright, you asked for it, usually I go easy on a woman the first time I fuck her." His cock it certainly stretching your pussy more than it has ever been stretched before but you take his pounding like a true champ. The two of you begin making some sexy lustful music as you ride his fat cock with his huge brown balls swinging up and slapping your ass. "Oh man this woman is fucking hot!!", he exclaims. 

Dave stands there stoking his cock enjoying the show and you love watching him jack off as you ride the Italian's monster thick cock. Your hands are on Frank's chest while he continues to palm your ass cheeks. Up and down you ride his copious manhood, enjoying every inch of viscosity his penis possesses. "That's it motherfucker, fuck me!! Don't you slow down and don't you even think about cumming bitch, I want that cock for a lot longer!" You see a look of intense impressiveness on his face and even Dave looks like he is glad he to watch. You are truly wowing the two men with your aggressive and hungry attitude, but you are enjoying letting lose the most. You look at Dave stoking his large manhood and tell him, "It's a shame you are wasting that great cock with your hand, why don't you put it in a better place."

"But Ms. Scott, I don't have any K-Y Gell." He tells you, sensing you want to be fucked in your ass.
