 Michael and Karen have been chatting for awhile, telling each other their wildest sexual fantasies and desires. Karen met Michael on an online chat room that she frequented for kinky adults. 

Karen stumbled upon this chat room one night after she grew tired of crying over a man who obviously never loved her. She had just broken things off with her long time boyfriend Dan after finding out that he had been cheating the whole five years they were together. It started out innocent enough where she would just read the posts, lurk or look through the pictures of dicks, ass, titties or whatever someone had posted. Karen would say hi, every so often or join in a conversation never really thinking she would go any further. She had enjoyed just taking her mind off all her problems. The room was full of men and women who knew what they wanted, needed and desired sexually. Exploring the room gave Karen the confidence she needed to finally let that freaky chic who she had put away years ago. She thought because she was no longer in her early twenties and had a long time boyfriend that she should focus on being the girlfriend that would eventually be the wife. Chuckling to herself, Karen now feels she should have kept her out and Dan would probably still be here. 

One dark, cold and lonely night, Karen decided it was time to jump head first and start exploring her inner kinky girl. Karen was beautiful. She had long dark hair, smooth chocolate skin, tits to die for and an ass that men would kill to touch. She found a pair of black lace cheeky panties that criss crossed across the ass. She took some sexy selfies. Some of her ass from the side and some from the back using a full length mirror. She laid across her bed and took some of her full body. Karen made sure to include pictures of her thick thighs and long legs. She scrolled the pictures that she had just taken and smiled. She found the ones she liked the best and decided she was finally going to post in the group. It was around midnight when she posted the first picture. She decided on the one of her laying across her queen size bed with hair barely covering her breast. 

Ding, ding. Her notifications were going crazy. She got into the group and she read the posts that were being posted. The women would comment sexy, nice or ask where I got those panties. The men were just as appreciative. This was something that Karen had missed. She lost all that being in the relationship with Dan. He was never appreciative of her body or her trying to be sexy for him. She just felt ignored. She chatted more frequently and posted more pictures. She felt like she had become friends with the people she had never met. Most lived in the same city. She also discovered that once a month they would met a bar just to get to know each other. Sometimes they would get together sexually but it was up to you on how far you were willing to go that night. She had gone to one of their meet ups and had really enjoyed herself. She drank, danced and made out with a few, but nothing serious. Yet again she was still exploring her sexual desires.

A few weeks later she got a PM, private message, from Michael. He was one of the guys in the group. Michael was a personal trainer and had the body to prove it. He was sexy as hell, just the right amount of muscles and oh lets not forgot those dick pictures. Every time he would post a dick picture or video it made Karen horny as hell. She was glad that he had messaged her. She accepted his message and they began to chat outside the group and in the group. He was tatted up and drove a motorcycle. Some of the things that turned Karen on. She could hear a motorcycle and her pussy would purr. They told each other all their wildest, sexual desires. They got to know each other not just sexually but as friends. Michael had never been to any of the meet ups so they had never met.

One night while chatting, Karen decides that it is time to finally meet up and take care of some of those wild fantasies that they had talked about. They decide that Friday night would be a good night for both of them. Michael lives only an hour away and they would meet somewhere in the middle. Karen had never been to an adult arcade before and Michael knew that was something on her sexual bucket list, so he suggest that they go to one. Karen didn't know of any so Michael said that he would meet her somewhere and pick her up.

Friday night arrives and Karen is a little nervous but also excited that she is finally exploring her sexual desires. It has taken her years to stop being so shy about sex and just let go. Karen hops in her car and drive to the Outlet Mall where they decided to meet. Michael arrives to pick her up. Michael gets out the car and walks around to open the passenger side of his truck. Karen's eyes were pleased with this fine man standing in front of her and he smelled just delicious. Karen got in and he closed the door behind her. Karen and Michael talk a little and she notices him staring at her chest because her sexy black and red corset has the girls sitting up high. She notices his erection pressing hard against his jeans begging to be set free. Karen gives him a sly smile when they finally make eye contact again. She shifts slightly in her seat so that her short black lace skirt is pushed up just enough so he can see she's not wearing any panties.

Michael switches driving hands so that now his right hand is free. He reaches over and rests his hand on her thick chocolate colored thighs, before walking his fingers up to touch his middle finger to the bottom of her skirt. Her body tenses with his touch. Karen's pussy is already wet with the anticipation of the evening ahead. She reaches over into his lap and massages his rock hard dick. Karen unzips his pants and his dick springs free from its confines. She begins to stroke him up and down slowly before rubbing his pre cum over the head with her thumb. She removes her hand and reach between her thighs and rubs her pussy getting it wet. With her wet hand she continues stroking his now throbbing cock. Michael makes her cum as he rubs clit letting his finger slip into her wetness. Karen unbuckles her seat belt and reaches across his truck and kisses the top of his manhood.

They continue driving and playing until they make it to the arcade. They pull into the parking lot and Michael tucks his dick back into his jeans gets out and walks around and open her door. Karen steps out pushes her skirt down and walks with him into the adult store. Michael does all the talking and he pays for their room and a few fun things. They get to their room and they walk in not bothering to lock the door as they are groping, kissing and fondling each other. The movie starts playing but they don't really notice as they continue where they left off in the truck. Karen sits on the leather couch, head thrown back as Michael's tongue and fingers work their magic on her sweet spot as the door opens slightly. Karen turns her head to look towards the door and there in the doorway stands a tall, handsome, bearded man with lust in those beautiful green eyes. 

As her eyes make their way down his chiseled chest, past those abs of steel, she sees the outline of his swollen dick trying to rip the fabric of his shorts. Karen licks her lips at the sight. Her eyes travel back up and when their eyes meet again, she bites her bottom lip and raises her brow letting him know that she wants a taste. He unzips his pants, walks over and pulls out his dick. As Michael flips her onto my knees, back dipped and ass up never breaking his rhythm, licking and teasing her pussy. I open my mouth and take his dick in my hand and lick from the bottom of his shaft to the bulbous head before taking him deep into my throat. Karen starts to squirt all over Michael's face from all the stimulation. Michael gives my ass a smack before spreading her ass cheeks and runs his tongue around my black hole before inserting a finger. She moans in pleasure.

This total stranger reaches into the top of Karen's corset and pinches her nipples. Michael continues to finger fuck her ass while sucking and licking her clit. Michael stands to take off his pants, enters her and then thrusts deep. She is caught off guard but can feel herself on the verge of cumming again..Then as if to compact her into a smaller form of herself Michael and the stranger thrusts into her at the same time forcing her to take the dick in both holes. She was glad she had little to no gag reflex. Slowly in, out and in and out. She lets out a soft moan, mouth never leaving the strangers dick, as she reaches the pinnacle again, then climaxes. Michael begins licking my black hole again with his tongue as she catches her breath and strokes the man in front of her. 

Then Michael eases his dick back into her wetness and puts a finger in her ass stretching it out little by little till another finger fits and then another. I am overwhelmed with the feeling of two men but continues her head game on the thick chocolate rod in front of her. She feels him ease his dick out and slowly enter her now slightly stretched hole. She let out a whimper of pleasure that only turns into a deep moan that can't be heard because of the dick in her mouth. The stranger grabs her head and thrust deeper into her mouth, grunts and unloads his seed deep into her throat. As he walks away, through cum stained face and ecstasy filled eyes, she sees another man at the door who caught a glimpse of what was happening as the stranger walks out. 

Karen beckons him with a single finger and he enters the room. Michael picks her up, as the new stranger takes off his pants, rolls on a condom and lays on the couch. Michael put her down and straddles the stranger before sliding down his dick. It's not as big as Michael's but still feels good. Michael slide into her from behind and Karen begins to work both dicks. The door cracks and again another man walks into the room with sex filled eyes and dick in hand. She grabs his erect dick and takes him in her mouth. The stranger on the couch doesn't last long, he grab her hips, pulls her close as he cums hard. He release her, she eases off his dick, legs wobbly but Michael holds her steady as the new man sits. She has been cumming, sucking and squirting for what feels like hours.

Michael goes and sits on the chair across from the couch and watches as the stranger rolls on a condom and she sits on him reverse cowgirl so that she can watch Michael as he watches her. His dick feels good as she rides him slow, up, down, back, forth. His dick deep, eyes glazed as she stares deep into Michael's eyes as he rubs his erection. She can feel the orgasm stirring, deeper, harder, faster she rides. Her soft moans now becoming loud as reaches her climax. Never taking her eyes off Michael she rubs her clit and squirts all over the strangers dick, taking him over the edge. He grabs her hips and thrusts a few more times before he busts. He rises and leaves the room. Catching her breath she bites her bottom lip as her eyes plead with Michael to fuck her. He sees how bad she wants to be fucked. His dick gets harder as he eases forward and slides deep into her. 

He thrusts harder and harder. Her body going numb and she's getting light headed. All she can do is clench his back with her nails and can't seem to let go. He works her, grinding his hips going deeper, slower, faster, in, out. Long deep strokes as she give back everything he is giving. Another storm is brewing deep inside her belly. She can feel another orgasm. She grabs his hips, pulls him deeper and takes everything he is throwing. She starts to scream as her orgasm takes her over the edge. He rocks back and watches as her pussy squirts all over his dick as he continues to slide in, out, faster, slower. Michael lets out a guttural moan as he reaches his peak. Harder, harder, faster, faster he pins her knees to her ears as he thrusts deeply once more and spirals into a world of pure sweet ecstasy.

As they lay in each other's arms spent from a night filled with sex and more sexual fantasies then they planned. He kisses her on her forehead and asks, "Did you have a good time." Still trying to catch her breath and she says, "yes." Staring into the ceiling she is now glad that she decided to let that freaky, kinky chick out.