 I love that moment. 

That pause before it all starts happen. It sits in the air, hovering there between the people, waiting for someone to take the initiative, make the first move.

It was there in that penthouse suite. Outside the room was the buzz of central London on a Saturday night. Inside the room was the buzz between six people, all standing or sitting, conversation now stalled, all pretending to admire the unbelievably opulent surroundings, all wondering who was going to make the first move.

We knew someone would. That's why we were all there. It was just a question of who.

Three men and three women. A blonde, a brunette and a redhead, all in their early 20s, all stunningly sexy, and all ready for a night of fucking. 

Someone had to do something.

Then I realised it had to be me. It was me who'd got us into this situation. It was me who was going to have to take it that step further, to tip us over the edge into something none of us had ever dreamed possible.........

A few weeks earlier I'd got the e-mail from Kallie and Becca that I'd been waiting for weeks to receive:

"Hiya Nick. We're coming to England and we want to see you!!! We arrive at Heathrow on 14 November and are staying for a week before we head over to Paris. It'll be so cool to see you and London. Will you show us round? We want you to show us everything,. And by everything we mean EVERYTHING!!!!! You'll get to meet Dan and Ricky. Why don't you bring someone along and we'll all have some fun together. You know what we mean.  Mail us soon. K&B xxx"

A grin spread across my face as I read the e-mail. I thought back to the night I'd spent with the two 19-year old Australian girls. It had been back in January on the Thai island of Ko Phangan, and it had been quite an experience. You can read all about it in my series "Full Moon Party", but in brief it had involved me fucking both of them and losing my girlfriend, Louise, as a result. 

While I'd been sad to split up with Louise, it had been an undeniably fantastic night. They are both fit, young Australian girls with tanned bodies, full, firm tits, and an unbelievably enthusiastic attitude to sex. In the one night we'd had together we'd done pretty much everything it was possible for three people to do together. In all my 34 years I'd never done most of the stuff they wanted to do that night. And now they wanted to double the experience -- if I'd read the e-mail correctly they were suggesting a six-way orgy. 

I didn't hesitate. I e-mailed them straight back, telling them I was definitely up for seeing them, and making a few suggestive remarks about the fun we could have together. 

Then I started planning.

The first question was who I would take. I'd not formed any serious relationships since my break-up with Louise in January. I'd had a couple of one-night stands with girls I'd met on nights out, and I'd met up with a couple of people through Literotica, but there had been nothing more than sex with all of them. Good sex, of course. But just sex.

In the end I decided to ask Izzie, a 24-year old redhead I'd met through Lit. She'd read my storiesm e-mailed me and we ended up meeting. The first time it had just been for some drinks and a quick, but charged, kiss at the end of the night. The next time it had been dinner that progressed into a four-hour fucking marathon at my flat. The third time, just a month previously, she'd brought along a work colleague, Carly, hoping for a threesome, but there had just been no chemistry between me and Carly, so we'd left it after a few drinks. I'd been e-mailing her since, and I thought she'd fit in well with Kallie and Becca. Also I liked the idea of a blonde, a brunette and a redhead together. So, I e-mailed her, explaining the situation and asking if she was interested.

She was.

In fact she was so interested that she came over to my flat that evening. She rushed over straight after finishing her day's work on a cosmetics counter in Selfridges on Oxford Street. All five foot two of her clip-clopped through my front door. Without pause for pleasantries she pushed me against the wall, and pulled me down for a hot, passionate kiss.

"So, tell me about these two Aussie girls," she breathed into my ear. "Are they hot?"

"Very," I replied, running my hands though her mid-length wavy auburn hair. "They're both gorgeous in that Australian fit and healthy kind of way."

"More gorgeous than me?" She bit gently on my lower lip, running a hand over my chest.

"Of course not," I said, surprised at her forwardness, but still composed enough to trace a finger over the pale skin of her clearly defined jawline and cheekbones, and looking into her wide, green eyes. She does something with eyeliner or mascara that means you can lose yourself for ever in those glittering emeralds.

I was wondering where this evening might lead.

"Good," she smiled playfully at me. "And they make you hard?" She reached down to squeeze my cock.

I started to get a good feeling about the evening, and decided to se eif I could take it a step further.

"Fuck, yeah," I said. "Their tits are big, like yours." I squeezed her 34Ds, through her thin, white dress, and started to unbutton it. 

"Good," she moaned. "I want to see them. And to touch them." I had freed her ripe, round breasts, and was running my fingers over the edge of her lacy bra. "I want them to make you hard. Not like Carly."

"Yeah, I'm really sorry that didn't work out." I said, stopping moving and looking directly at her. 

"That's cool," Izzie said, unzipping my fly and reaching in to grasp my hard cock. "This is going to be much better."

"Too right it is," I groaned. This evening was working out much better than the pizza and football watching I'd planned.

I reached into her bra, pulled out her erect nipple and sucked it into my mouth. 

She gasped. "That feels good, Nick."

Emboldened, I reached round to unclip her bra, and pull it off her shoulders so she was standing in front of me, her white dress open at the front, only a thong barely covering her pussy, her big tits standing up, begging for my attention. I cupped them, squeezed them and kissed first one nipple then the other.

Izzie had now pulled out my cock and was slowly sliding her hand up and down it.

"I'm so wet for you, Nick. Feel me." She took my hand and guided it between her legs. I slid a finger past her thong and felt her pussy. My finger slid in easily she was so wet. My cock throbbed. She'd only walked in my flat a few minutes earlier and here we were about to fuck. I'd definitely chosen the right girl to invite to the six-way.

"Fuck me, Nick," she whispered in my ear.

I didn't need a second invitation. I turned round and moved her so she was pressed up against the wall, and lifted her up, so she could wrap her long, slender legs around my waist. Then, pulling her thong to one side, I slid my thick cock deep into her hot, throbbing pussy.

We both sighed with pleasure at the sensation.

As she gripped hold of my biceps, I leant forward to kiss her and began grinding my hips back and forth, pushing my shaft deeper and deeper into her with every thrust.

"Oh that's good," she said. "Fuck me harder." She was getting louder and louder with every second that passed, losing herself more and more in the physical sensation of our bodies thrusting together. I looked down at her huge tits jiggling about and saw my glistening shaft disappearing into her smooth, shaved pussy, just beneath the thin line of auburn hair .

I kissed her neck and whispered: "Imagine there's two horny girls kissing your tits while I fuck you." Izzie closed her eyes and her brow furrowed. 

"Oh God, that's fucking hot," she said, smiling at the thought. 

I continued: "Imagine there's a hard, Australian stud behind you, his big hands feeling your ass. I reached around to start squeezing her asscheeks, gently pushing them apart, and rubbing a thumb over her asshole. 

Her eyes flew wide open and she came with a cry. I felt her juices flood around my cock.

"Oh yes, yes, yes!" she shouted out. 

"If I get tired there will be another hard cock to come and fuck you right away." I slammed hard into her, bumping her against the wall. 

"Fuck yeah," she threw her head about, her hair flying around as she did. "All of you fucking me. All those cocks and pussies!"

I moved her off the wall and carried her, impaled balls-deep on my dick, into the bedroom. There I laid her on the bed, quickly pulled off the rest of our clothes, and plunged back into her.

"You can have one cock in your mouth while I'm fucking you," I said. "Or you can taste Kallie's pussy."

She smiled up at me.

"You'll like the taste of her pussy," I growled. I could feel my cum rising in my balls. 

I didn't want to cum yet though, so I pulled my rigid cock out of her and rubbed the tip over her clitoris.

This set Izzie off into another orgasm. 

She came so hard that she pushed me away.

"Fucking hell," she half shouted, half laughed once she'd recovered. "How do you do that? How do you turn me on so much?" She was looking up at me with those beautiful green eyes as I knelt between her legs, my purple cock jutting out and visibly throbbing.

I just smiled at her. "No idea," I said. "I just do."

"Too fucking right you do," Izzie said, turning round so she was lying in front of me, her face next to my cock. "You are one seriously good fuck," she said absently as she looked at my dick. Then she opened her mouth and slid her lips over my cockhead and down so she had swallowed two-thirds of my shaft.

"Uuuurghh, FUCK YEAH!!" I shouted, feeling the cum boil in my balls. I watched intently as this 24-year old redhead licked every inch of my cock, cleaning her pussy juices off it, then started delicately squeezing my tight balls with her fingers.

When she slid her mouth back down over my cock it took every ounce of strength I had not to cum.

Suddenly she pulled off, rolled onto her back and moved so her head was hanging off the edge of the bed. She smiled at me and said: "Come on then, Nick, you dirty fucker. Come and do it to me."

She knew from the last time we'd fucked that I was into deepthroat, and I'd spent a good hour that night teaching her how to take my cock all the way down her throat. It had turned out that this was the best position for her to manage it. She'd obviously enjoyed it as much as I had.

I moved quickly to position myself over her head then slowly sank my cock in between her open lips. I slid further and further down, looking all the while into her eyes, seeing her urging me on. I felt the tightness at the back of her throat and carried on pushing. There was still about an inch to go and so I pulled out. 

She gasped and I pushed straight back in. I got as far again and pulled out. This time strings of spit were surrounding my shaft. She reached round pulling my ass towards her, wanting my cock back down her throat. We kept this up for about five minutes, each time me getting a fraction of an inch deeper, with every thrust my need to cum getting stronger and stronger. 

Finally, she stopped pulling me into her and let me just thrust as powerfully as I could, trying to get her to take it all, as I knew she could. 

She reached down to tweak her nipples, then plunged her fingers into her sopping pussy. 

I watched her frantically fingerfuck herself, ploughing my cock in and out of her throat, grasping onto both of her enormous tits, shouting out obscenities, lost in the sensations flooding through me. 

Finally, I bottomed out. My balls rested on her nose. I held still there. The only sound was her fingers pumping in and out of her cunt. 

Then with a roar I pulled out and started to cum. I shot cum into her mouth, onto her neck and across her tits. Spurt after spurt kept coming until there was a stream of jizz running down her cleavage and pooling beneath her chin. 

She hardly noticed, lost as she was in her own orgasm.

Eventually we both stopped and I collapsed, exhausted, on the bed next to her.

"That was fucking great," I sighed.

"Mmmmm," she agreed. "Tell you what, Nick. We're really going to show those Australians how to fuck."

I laughed and rolled over so I was next to her. I kissed her, a slow deep kiss, the slight taste of my cum still on her lips.

"It's going to be great," she said. 

I started rubbing my cum into her engorged nipples. 

"Too right it is, Izzie," I said. 

"You're definitely bringing me, aren't you?"

I laughed. "Of course I am! You think I'm going to be bringing anyone else after that? What am I? Crazy?!"

"Hmmmm," she said looking at me, and reaching down to hold my deflated cock. "I don't want to miss out. I've never done anything like that and it sounds amazing. I can't wait to see all those cocks and pussies in one place. To feel them all. All that fucking in one room. Imagine all the things we could do!"

I was imagining it. And it was making me hard again.

"I definitely want to do it, Nick," she said seriously.

"I know," I replied. "And you will."

"Well, just to make sure, why don't you get some lube out of my handbag and fuck me in the ass?"