 This story picks up at the end of Six Floors Down Ch. 1.

At work the next day, all I could think about was Megan's parting words: "You ain't seen nothing yet."

This 21-year-old girl had given me the two greatest sexual experiences of my 35-year-old life, and now she wanted to blow my mind more? I wasn't sure there was anything left.

I couldn't wait. Her blonde hair, arresting blue eyes, full breasts, toned midriff, round ass, soft skin, perfect hands and feet, and infectious sexy-sweet smile, not to mention her open, sensual and sweet personality, filled my every thought.

I made sure I was home by six, giving myself a whole hour to prepare. I showered and put on pajama bottoms and a robe. I decided the outfit was a little too Hef for me to pull off, so I changed into a t-shirt and jeans.

A few minutes before seven, there was a knock on the door. I opened it, and Megan stood before me. She wore a miniskirt with a button-down peasant blouse that showed most of her tanned stomach, and a simple pair of sandals. I noticed she didn't have a backpack or anything like that as she did in her last two visits. I didn't mind, but it got me thinking: How was she going to blow my mind even further with no props? I believed she could do it. Just look at her.

She always called me on my staring, but I enjoyed reveling in her too much to stop, so I tried another tactic: Owning my creepiness.

"Stand there a minute so I can drink you in."

Megan rolled her eyes and said:

"You are such a perv. But you're a sexy perv."

She kissed me on the lips, but broke the kiss off before it got too passionate. That was a first, but her warmth and ease told me nothing was wrong. I just rolled with it. 

"Come on in."

"Thanks. Let's sit on the couch."

Still not worried. Okay, maybe a drop, but she wouldn't have dressed like that unless we were going to do some serious fucking. Otherwise, she would have been the biggest sadist on the face of the earth.

We sat down together on the couch, and she quickly threw her legs over mine and took my hands in hers. Feeling her body on mine was as intense as I remembered. I was fully erect in a matter of seconds. I looked into her hypnotic blue eyes and waited for her to talk.

"These have been the most intense two days of my life."

Wow. I thought it was only me who had found the two days so transcendent. I thought for her, they were just two days in her normally sexually fantastic life.

"I feel the same way. That's what I meant when I said 'wow' yesterday. Not that 'wow' wasn't totally clear." 

I smiled at her, and she gave me that wry smile back.

"What else could it mean?"

We laughed. She continued.

"Remember when I collapsed on your chest yesterday after we fucked?"

Somehow, the vulgar sexual terms didn't seem vulgar coming from her.

"Of course."

"Well, I thought to myself how special you were and how lucky I was, and I knew what I wanted to do. You have to give the same treatment to my friend Anna."

Huh? I did NOT see that coming. It was odd, since you would think that the opportunity to have sex with another 21-year girl would cause me to thrust my fist in the air and dance around the room in celebration. And yet, it made me feel a bit off. After all, if she could just share me, did it make me no better than, say, a great new vibrator she picked up at a sex store? I tried not to seem put off.

"Oh. That sounds like it could be fun."

Maybe Megan sensed my reaction. She quickly followed up.

"I think I should explain, so you don't get the wrong idea. When I came up to your apartment the first time, I thought it would be a thrill to put on a show for you. I figured in the heat of things we might end up fucking, but I never thought it would be as intense as it was, or that we would keep doing it. That it would develop into, well, whatever great thing it's developed into."

We both laughed. I think we both needed it. She continued.

"It's because we have this bond that I realized I could ask you to fuck Anna."

My mind started to race? Was she deformed or something? I had to ask, and I prayed it would come out sensitive and not selfish.

"Is she ill?"

"No, nothing like that. She's just shy around guys. She really is beautiful, but she just doesn't know how to present herself. It's not that she can't, she just doesn't really want to. I think she needs to be shown what a good fucking session can do for her. I want to show her what a sensitive, powerful lover is like."

I liked being called a powerful lover. But back up one second.

"She's a virgin?"

I hoped not. Deflowering virgins is overrated. Not only is there so much pressure, the whole thing becomes an event: The Deflowering. Plus, the combination of potential pain (for her) and lack of experience never adds up to top-notch screwing.

"No, no. She's been with guys. Just not the right ones."

"Okay. I mean, it's not like I'd be fucking your friend behind your back, right?"

"Oh, I'll be there."

"Oh really ..."

This was getting good.

"You know I like to watch and be watched. Trust me, I will enjoy this as much as you will."

"Anything that involves me watching you enjoy yourself is fine with me."

Megan kissed me, pulled out her phone, and sent a text message, presumably to Anna. 

A minute or two later, there was a knock at the door. Megan hopped up.

"Let me get it. You go into the bedroom and wait."

Megan sprinted to the door, and I walked into the bedroom.

I heard the door open and close, and I heard a lot of whispering. After a few moments, Megan led Anna by the hand into the bedroom. It was hard to tell what Anna looked like, really. She wore a 3/4 sleeve baseball jersey that was probably two sizes too big for her and a pair of jeans. Her hair was kind of long and over her face, and her glasses, with hip, thick black frames, kind of dominated what was visible of her face.

I thought I should break the ice.

"Come on in and relax. Can I get you a drink?"

Anna answered right away, with a confidence to her voice I didn't expect. "No thanks."

Anna then sat on the bed next to me.

"Megan says you're good."

Nope, not shy at all. 

"I try."

Megan chimed in. "He's good."

Megan sat on a chair to the side of the bed.

I turned to Anna.

"I have to be honest, you don't seem shy to me."

"I'm not. Except when it comes to, you know ..."

"Sex," Megan piped in.

"Sex," Anna echoed. "I just never feel comfortable."

I got the idea. "So, it seems, the key is to make you feel relaxed, and then the sex stuff can just flow."

"I guess."

I tapped my lap. "Here, give me your foot."

Anna took off her black Chuck Taylor high-top and deposited her white sock-covered right foot on my lap. I rubbed the bottom of her foot gently.

"Feel okay?"

Anna thought a second. "Nice, actually."

"Good."

I rubbed a little more firmly, and then I started massaging the ball of her foot. Anna let out a very quiet purr, like I had hit a good spot.

I continued working on the ball of her foot, and then started moving her toes back, exerting just enough pressure to stretch them a bit.

Anna bent down, took off her other sneaker, and deposited her left foot on my lap. I continued my massage, feeling the tension and any reluctance drain from Anna's body.

Anna continued to purr, and I was really getting into my work. Then, Megan broke the silence.

"Take off her socks and give her the same treatment you gave me."

I looked over at Megan, and she had her hand under her miniskirt. Knowing her pussy so well, I could totally picture what was going on down there, and it really turned me on. It was like I could see her bare slit, with that little tuft of blonde hair above her clit. I already had an erection from the contact with Anna's body, but the site of Megan beginning to please herself only made my hard-on that much more intense.

I glanced over at Anna. Her eyes had opened, and she looked at me confidently, a slight smile crossing her lips. I knew at that moment she had committed to Megan's little plan, and I was in for a fun evening. 

I pulled off Megan's socks, revealing her creamy white feet. Her toenails were painted jet black, and her feet were a little bigger than Megan's, but all-in-all, they were sexy enough. I rubbed her bare feet for a minute, letting her get used to the more-intense sensation, and then I moved down and put my lips over her big toe and let out a breath of hot air.

Anna let out a moan.

Megan smiled wide. "I told you."

Anna nodded, eyes jammed shut again. She then lifted her hand and put it underneath the back of my t-shirt. She rubbed my back, urging me on. I continued my work on her feet, giving her the same treatment I had given Megan the day before. I licked and sucked each toe, letting out breaths of hot breath on each one.

When I was done, Anna was squirming. With no hesitation, I kneeled on the floor in front of her, her legs on either side of me, and I unbuttoned her jeans. Anna lifted her butt as I pulled down the zipper of her fly, and I swiftly moved the jeans down, until they were completely off of her. 

"Good idea," Megan chimed in, and as I glanced over at her, she pulled her miniskirt down her legs and off, and her panties followed, until she was sitting only in her shirt and bra. That beautiful pussy of hers, with that little tuft of blonde hair above her clit, was in view, and it took all the control I had not to run over there and launch into Megan's pussy with my tongue. Megan winked at me, and I smiled and turned my attention back to Anna.

Anna smiled. "I know she's beautiful."

"So are you."

Anna rolled her eyes.

I then lifted up her oversized baseball shirt, and she raised her arms, helping along the process. I was then left looking at Anna wearing only her black bra and panties. I could see now that while it was obvious she had never seen the inside of a gym, she had a very sexy figure. She was basically thin-framed, with a slight layer of softness over it. Her belly, while not big at all, had a slight bump to it that was really erotic. In the same way, her hips were not wide, but had just a bit of bulk to them, enough to really make you want to hold on. 

I made no move to take off her glasses. Up close, I could see that she had a pretty face with deep brown eyes. But, the combination of her sexy body in her bra and panties and her hip glasses was really a turn on. Kind of like a cross between the traditional teacher and librarian fantasies.

Before I could make a move, Anna reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, letting it fall to the ground. Her breasts were on the small side, but were nicely-shaped little spheres, with just a bit of hang to them.

Megan chimed in, "They're nice, huh?"

"Come on, Megan, yours are so much bigger than mine."

I felt the need to jump in. "It's not a size contest. Megan's breasts are absolutely stunning. Yours are just as sexy. I love them."

I looked at Megan, worried she might be jealous. I should have known better. She had unbuttoned her top, pulled her breasts out over the cups, and was teasing her left nipple. Megan smiled at us.

"I told you."

I was pretty much tired of talking about breasts. I wanted to touch them. I reached out and took Anna's breasts in my hand, and her hard nipples poked at my palms. As her nipples stiffened to their max, it was clear she had long, firm nipples that looked and felt really sexy.

I leaned down and kissed Anna's breasts all around the nipples, purposely avoiding them. Then, with my tongue, I licked right up to the nipples, but swerved away at the last minute. Her breasts were now slick with my saliva, but her nipples were untouched.

Anna smiled.

"Tease."

I ran my thumb and forefinger over the wetness on her breasts until they were slick, and then I started twirling her nipple between my wet fingers. Anna's groan told me she liked it.

I should have taken my time, but I couldn't wait. I leaned in and started sucking Anna's nipples, rolling their long, hard firmness around in my mouth and bathing them with my tongue. I wasn't as rough with them as I was with Megan's. I kind of sensed Anna liked it a little softer. 

All the while, my hands roamed over Anna's back. As my hands reached her ass, I poked my hands under her panties, taking her whole butt in my hands. Anna moved up on the bed, and I dragged her panties down over her knees and feet until she was sitting in front of me, completely nude.

Unlike Megan, Anna wasn't nearly completely shaved, but she did trim her bush hair so that it had a kind of crew cut, and so it was limited to a tapered triangle above her clit. I could smell her arousal. It was stronger than Megan's, but I liked it. 

"See, he likes to look." Megan's voice reminded me that, again, I had been caught staring.

Anna giggled. "I like it. Makes me feel attractive and sexy."

"You are those things, that's for sure." And with that comment, I reached up and kissed her slightly rounded belly, feeling the soft skin under my lips.

I then moved my finger to Anna's pussy, running my finger up and down the outside of her slit.

Anna's giggles turned into a full-on moan of pleasure. "Put it inside."

Something made me glance over at Megan, and I caught her shrugging the last bit of her shirt off of her body. She was now fully nude, one finger pumping in and out of her glistening pussy, the other pulling at her nipple. Her eyes were locked on me and Anna, her face showing a combination of arousal and concentration. She kissed the air at me, and I returned a smile.

I quickly turned back to Anna and answered her plea, plunging my finger inside of her, eliciting a deep moan from her. I then reached up, massaging her G spot like I had done with Megan the day before.

I moved my tongue out licked around my finger, feeling her juices on my tongue. I enjoyed her taste, and it turned me on even more. My cock was really pressing against my jeans.

I then moved up to Anna's clit and licked at it, causing a loud moan and a squirm from Anna.

"It's a little sensitive."

"I can tell."

"Don't stop."

I moved my finger out of her and started sucking and licking at her clit. Anna started bucking under me. It was amazing how responsive she was to my clit licking. I reached under her and cupped her beautiful ass in my hands as I continued to lick and suck at her clit. She was getting so wet my nose and chin were covered in her juices, and I reveled in her scent. I was really getting aroused by how much she was turned on.

Anna grabbed the back of my head and pushed my face even tighter into her pussy. I kept licking and sucking her clit as fast as I could, and Anna's moans and bucking intensified. I reached one of my hands back to her pussy and inserted a finger, again reaching for her G spot.

Anna let out a scream and thrashed against my face and finger. 

"Don't stop! Whatever you do, don't fucking stop!"

I listened, licking and sucking her clit while massaging her G spot with my finger. After another few seconds of my assault, Anna let out a scream and her whole body tensed in orgasm. Soon, her muscles were contracting, and with her release, she let out a long, sultry moan. 

It was hard to believe that the girl that walked into my apartment hiding behind an oversized baseball shirt and jeans would be capable of such passion.

As Anna gradually came down from her orgasm, her hands loosened their grip on the back of my head. She even started running her fingers through my hair. It felt really nice. Anna then started to smile and laugh, and after shaking her head a little, just said, "Wow. Megan, you were right."

We both looked over at Megan, and it was clear she could no longer concentrate on what Anna was saying. I could tell from Megan's "uhs" and furious pace that she was close to cumming. Anna and I watched, until Anna rubbed my head.

"Looks good, doesn't it."

"Very."

"I kind of want a taste."

I did NOT expect that. Of course, the thought of this adorable girl sticking her face in Megan's glorious pussy was just about the sexiest sight I could imagine. I just didn't think that Anna felt that way.

"I say, go for it. If not now, when?"

Anna laughed. Put her hands over her face a second, dropped her hands and smiled.

"I think I will."

Anna crawled over to Megan and put her hands on Megan's knees. Megan looked down at Anna and gave her a big smile and a nod. Anna moved forward and took her first taste of pussy with her tongue. She let out an "mmmm" and started licking Megan's clit.

Megan was already close, and this put her over the edge. Her "uhs" intensified until she grabbed the back of Anna's head and started cumming.

What an erotic site, these two sexy women, one with her face in the other's pussy as she came.

Once Megan had calmed down, she glanced down at Anna and after the briefest of moments, they dissolved into a fit of giggles. Megan spoke first.

"I was just supposed to watch. This was supposed to be about you and Gary."

"It was, for long enough. He did his job."

"I don't think he's done yet."

"Not by a long shot."

And with that, Anna crawled over to where I was sitting on the bed, grabbed the bottom of my t-shirt, and pulled it over my head. I lifted my arms to let her pull it completely off of me.

Then, she kissed her way down my chest, over my stomach, until she reached my jeans. She unbuttoned them, pulled down the fly, and then started tugging them downward. She was so determined, I had to jump up quickly so that the jeans would come down without taking half the skin off my butt with them.

Once the jeans were over my feet, Anna pulled my socks off, leaving me only in my boxer briefs. She stared at me for a moment, and I got a little uncomfortable. What was she looking at? I had to ask.

"Everything okay?"

"Yeah. I'm just enjoying the view."

Anna broke into a big smile. I hoped she was more serious than busting me for my habit of staring at these two beautiful women, but I may have been deluding myself.

It was okay, though. Anna then moved forward, tucked her thumbs into the waistband of my boxer briefs, and pulled them down. I lifted my butt again, and as my underwear made its way down, my six inches, hard as can be, popped out and nearly poked Anna in the eye. She quickly moved my shorts over my feet, leaving me as naked as she was.

She then kissed her way up my inner leg until she was face to face with my crotch. Anna took my dick in her hands, but instead of stroking it, moved it to the side, and moved her face into my balls. She licked the underside of my sack, and then firmly but carefully sucked one of my balls into her mouth. Not many women had done that to me, and it felt awesome. Anna then let my ball go and sucked the other one in, causing the same effect. 

I really wanted to feel her mouth on my cock, and I guess she sensed that, since as soon as my other ball popped out of her mouth, Anna ran her tongue up the underside of my shaft until she reached the top. As her tongue ran over the sensitive part just under the head, I let out a moan of approval. 

Anna smiled, grabbed the base of my shaft, and then engulfed the head in her mouth. The warmth and heat of her mouth on my dick sent shockwaves through my body. I glanced over to where Megan was sitting, and sure enough, she was running her finger up and down her slit while staring at Anna blowing me. She smiled at me, and I gave her a broad smile in return.

Meanwhile, Anna was fucking my cock with her mouth, getting a little more in with each trip down. It was clear she lacked Megan's technique (I guessed from less experience), but she made up for it in effort and enthusiasm. I couldn't help think to myself how my dick had been pampered by two sexy twenty-something girls, both in very different ways, but both unbelievably sexy and satisfying.
