 Stories in this series were an attempt to write about sex from a woman's perspective. I really did want to write about an older woman who becomes a willing, insatiable slut for men with big cocks. I plan to drive this to the end of the string if there's a response and a demand. Along the way special thanks for inspiration goes out to Dazmine, Annette Bishop and silkstockingslover. Enjoy. Feedback is encouraged and welcome.

*****

Here it is, the day we meet with the hot hunks from princess pleasures, the group of men who are devoted to providing adventurous women with the "ultimate experience." In other words, we were set up to have a gang bang. That "we" is my best friend Sherrie Onara, a 35 year old divorcée with a hot body, a tasty pussy and an appetite for large cocks. And me, of course. I'm Alana Mills, 42, in good shape from a lot of exercise despite three kids. I recently divorced a man with a small dick. I then found out what I'd been missing when Sherrie introduced me to big cocks. My sex drive had gone from zero to triple digits in less that 10 days. Sherrie turned me on to the whole idea that size DOES matter; I now had a "toys" bigger than anything I had dreamed about two weeks ago; I had fucked more than a few big cocks so far, but only one at a time. I liked them everywhere. I doubt that I would ever go back to an average sized dick again. 

Size really does matter. Sorry to tell you guys, because I know there's been so much written to let you down easy. But you simply can't compete with a dude whose cock is as thick as a can of Red Bull. You will never reach the places that 10 inches of hard meat finds in a woman's body. It's not your fault. Hell, up until my ex cheated with his secretary and we split, I loved him even with 4 inches of cock. But now I know love and lust are distinct. Maybe that's what guys have been saying all along? Now I understand.

But this didn't start out to be some dissatisfied woman ranting about cock size - it's just that I can't seem to get my mind off the subject! Tonight, Sherrie and I were up to something new. Princess pleasures was this network of men that posted on Craigslist; they promised the moon. When we interviewed them we saw videos from some of their satisfied customers. I even managed to reach one; Annette Bishop was a married woman in an open marriage; she tried them out and was overwhelmed, she said. I reached out to her after we "interviewed" (or, more accurately, fucked and sucked the shit out of) three of their members. Sherrie and I were going to be the first pair of women to seek them out; I was apparently the oldest woman they'd had. From the looks of things, I might be getting it on with men who were younger than my son! I'm a MILF! 

I met Annette for coffee a few days after that interview. We've got some personal time scheduled later this week; she wants to hear all about my night with "the boys," and I want time with her and her husband together. But when we met, you would have thought we were men (or boys) - we both did one of those "let's see what she's got and how she carries it and what it might be like to get a piece of that" look-sees. And then caught each other and broke up laughing! Since I had beaten her to the restaurant, I was drinking coffee when it happened - and promptly blew it through my nose! Which, of course, led to further laughter. 

We did finally calm down, but not before the waitress checked in on us. "You're quite the slut, Annette." I said to her.

"Well, Alana, seems like you have a thing for women as well! The thing I really dug was that it was like a combination of being treated like a princess, like a hot, sexy woman, and ultimately like a cum dump and utter slut. Add to that the men - the ones from my first time and every time after - they look like they've stepped off the cover of some trashy romance novel - great abs and pecs, handsome and all really hung. Every time I think on it I'm dripping wet!"

I remember listening to her, completely enchanted with the prospect of our party. I too was dripping wet - although nowadays that seemed an almost constant state of affairs. 

We talked about her parties, and she told me more about her marriage, and when I let her know I loved both men and women, we immediately set up that date. But that's another story. Eventually. 

Anyway, Sherrie knew all about that - we talk about everything and anything. We were both getting ready for the night. We got our nails done together. "What's a gangbang without a mani-pedi?" Was her comment. We spent a few hours at the spa, getting tanned, moisturized, hydrated, massaged and pampered. The we went to my house and we got down to some really personal preparations - we gave each other enemas and got cleaned out. After that we sat and did our makeup. Nothing heavy. Subtle only - neither of us liked the idea of worrying about our mascara in the midst of straining to take on a big cock. 

Then it was time to dress. We weren't going to stay dressed for long, but both of us planned to start off sexy. If not downright slutty! For me, it was simple - no underwear and a little black dress that stopped at mid-thigh, with a deep cut out to show off what chest I have. The straps tied around the back of my neck, leaving my back bare from neck to waist. Open-toed 4 inches heels. My hair was already short, so I didn't need to anything with it. 

Sherrie had her hair in a ponytail. She was in a pants suit that was open to her navel. No bra for her either - but her 38DDs were practically falling out. She bent over to put on her shoes and completely fell out! Coward that she was, she wore a thong. She also had similar shoes. The overall effect we were going for was sexy and readily available! We were ready. We'd packed a carry bag to come with us; panties for both of us, and a spare bra for her (I don't wear them); t-shirts, shorts and sandals, as well as an assortment of make up and washes. We were set, so we drove over to the hotel where they had their suite. 

I pulled into valet parking, and I don't know of the guy on duty was part of their group, but he was hot. As I got out I let my skirt ride up so he got a glimpse. His eyebrows raised, and his pants tented. Score one for the MILF! We had been to their suite before, so we went right to the elevator to the top floor. The doors opened and our friend Slade was there waiting. Noting the puzzlement on both our faces, he winked.

"The valet called up. He was awestruck - probably by the flash you gave him, Alana. You are ready to get naughty, eh?" We all laughed and moved towards their suite. "We currently have 10 men waiting for us all - so you will have to decide how to manage the odd number. It will be up to you." With that he threw open the doors to the suite. Sherrie and I looked at each other and grinned like a couple of cats introduced into the bird department and told it was ours!

Ten men - eleven with Slade - included Thomas, who we had already spent time with. All of them were at least six feet tall, and three of them were at least six foot six. We had a range - three black men, two Hispanic looking men, and the rest were Caucasian - but the degree of their tans took them all out of the "white" category. All were dressed in slacks and open shirts. None had their shoes on - so we immediately left our heels at the door. As one they stopped talking and formed a large semicircle - the room was just big enough to accommodate them all. 

Slade spoke first. "Gentlemen, I am pleased to actually present Alana and Sherrie. As you know from our notes, they are both very good and intimate friends, so we may see some things tonight we've never encountered. Both Thomas and I can fully attest to their beauty, their desire and their capacities. The only stimulant provide is coffee, so you may want to go easy on the alcohol. You will need the energy." Turning to us, he threw a little curve ball. "Would you please introduce each other to your servants?"

We were both caught unawares, and I managed to recover myself fast enough to start. "Gentlemen, I want to present to you my best friend Sherrie. What can I say? Oh, let's start with some facts. She's younger than I am and old enough to know better. Her son might fit in well with you - but not tonight! She divorced her cheapskate husband five years ago, took a year to bounce back but has since been out every week with different men. She's also a bit of a size queen, as I found out recently. C'mon,darling, let them see those amazing 38DD's of yours." As she was opening her top all the way, I added "and I can assure you that she has the most delicious pussy!" I grinned and blushed at the same time as I watched the faces of the men. It was as if light bulbs when off, man by man as they realized that the only way I could know about her flavor...Now topless, Sherrie lost her pants and stood there in her thong. Her wet thong, I might add. 

"Let me tell you guys about Alana. She really is the Mother You Want to Fuck. Her ex was essentially a dickless wonder. Four inches at his best. I only found out after her divorce, and she's gotten very excited about men of sizeable length and girth. Yes, she also eats pussy - and very well, I might add. One of her goals is to spend time air-tight. She's a cumslut in training, and tonight is her final exam." Turning to me, she said "Okay, slut, lose the dress!"

I untied the straps from behind my neck and let it fall to the floor. I saw eyes widen, appreciative grins, and more than a few bulges growing. It was exhilarating to see that I could affect them like that. Naturally, my pussy was growing wet. Very wet. I spoke up.

"Well, we are delighted to see your appreciation. I'm going to ad-lib here, but turnabout is fair play. We like to see some similar introductions. So we're going to sit back, drink champagne and observe. Someone begin! Oh, and Sherrie, lose the thong!" With that we walked through their semi circle to the couch behind them. Grabbing flutes of champagne on the table in front of it, we both sat, giggling like school girls. 

Thomas was up first. He beckoned to two of the others and was then joined by one of the black men and one of the two Hispanic males. "Ladies, as you know I occasionally act in films of an erotic nature..." There were catcalls and hooting from some of the guys. 

"Oh fuck you all. Yes, I do porn, and I occasionally work with both Tygee and with Luis." He walked between them and draped his arms around them. "Not only are they built large like I am, but the three of us have even acted together, in and on one another." 

More catcalls from the room. "One thing I like about Tygee is that he doesn't have a hair on his body. Nothing to get in the way." He began unbuttoning Tygee's shirt and the well defined nature of his torso was even more apparent now that we noted the lack of hair. 

When Thomas opened his slacks and dropped them to the floor, the size of the bulge behind his briefs was simply amazing! Thomas made sure to run his hands over it. Slowly. Repeatedly. When he pulled the briefs down there was a stunned silence in the room - very few men have eleven inches of thick cock and it was a sight to see. Two of the men made bowing motions. My mouth watered. 

"Luis is also a compadre. He gets called in for very special scenes." Thomas simply got him naked to show off the thickest cock I had seen - including in porn videos. Then both of them took care of Thomas' clothes and we were suddenly staring at three of the biggest, thickest cocks we could imagine. 

Slade interrupted. "Gentlemen, why don't you join the ladies on the couch? I'm positive that you raised some issues they need to get a handle on." Everyone laughed - the kind of laugh that tells you everyone got the double meaning - and everyone knew it would only get better. "Oh, and guys? Keep your hands off each other. At least for now, okay?"

Next up were the three tallest men in the room. It took a moment, but it was suddenly clear that we had twins up there. "Ladies, my name is Harry, and these two identical studs are Mark and Dave. Yes, we play basketball. No, we're not on the same team. Usually. Tonight, however, we are - your team. Put us in, coaches! Put us in anywhere and everywhere!" The couch got a little more crowded. Thomas, in the middle, then Sherrie and I on either side of him, TyGee on my other side and Luis on Sherrie's other side. I tossed my empty champagne glass and had my hands full of huge dicks. Sherrie did as well! Both Luis and TyGee seemed eager to extend their favors to the men next to them, but beyond steamy looks, it was still hands off. The heat seemed to be turning higher in the room!

We still had 5 more men to meet. Armand was a tasty treat with a bit of an accent, having come from Quebec. Danny was one of the other black men, and he was heavier than everyone else - but not fat. There was just bulk - all of it exciting to see. As they were introduced they went behind the couch and we both suddenly had hands on our shoulders, rubbing and massaging. When Nick and Van were introduced, I had to have them repeat their names three times. I was having trouble concentrating. Lot of trouble!

The last one to stand was Larry. My goodness, he made Brad Pitt look homely! A blonde, blue-eyed surfer type with long hair, and the smallest dick in bunch. Of course, that's all relative since I know most guys would kill to have his eight inches. But his looks made up for that. By now, both of us were surrounded by gorgeous men, and their attention was being directed to us. They let go of each other and stood us up. With a some sort of gesture, the couch we had been using became a large, flat, fluffy surface on the floor. 

Some of the men took my hands and lay me down. Sherrie was across from me. Our heads were even with one another but our bodies faced in opposite directions. I had 5 men setting on their haunches, their dicks at attention, surrounding me. Sherrie had 4. 

And that was the last time I had any attention on her for some time. 

The lights had grown softer and dimmer. In the background a tenor sax was growling a lustful and passionate latin tune. "Gato Barbieri" said Slade. "Now close your eyes and let us take over."

I did. And I felt a pair of hands on each arm and each leg. Slowly, languidly they started at my hands and feet, rubbing some sort of oil on them. Each digit was attended to, pulled and pressed and loved. Then the hands kept moving, to my wrists and my ankles, then my forearms and legs, my knees and my elbows, my arms and my thighs. I let my legs spread apart as the hands kept up their work on my muscles. In addition to relaxing the muscles, they kept getting closer and closer to my pussy. My inner thighs were tingling. My left leg was lifted and bent so my foot was on the floor and the hands could get all around my leg. The back of my calf, then the back of my leg, then the edge of my ass cheek on that side - I was drifting into an amazing state, both relaxed and on edge at the same time. My pussy was literally dripping, and I felt the moisture running down the crack of my ass and moistening my asshole. I was becoming more and more aroused by the second.

Then my attention shifted as the hands left my arms and shoulders and began to circle my boobs. The two different men seemed to be working together - they were touching the same places, but they each caused different sensations. One was moving in tight little circles, rubbing every tiny piece of skin. The other was stroking my boob, from top to bottom. Then he was working on the bottom of my boob - it was almost magically arousing. I felt my nipples tighten. They were so hot they seemed to be burning. And now my other leg was lifted and encircled by hands. I was in heaven and more aroused than I had ever been. They were obviously communicating because suddenly I had a pair of hands on my pussy, my clit and my ass as well as my boobs. That's when I came for the first time. And the second, third and I don't know how many more times - it was one continuous orgasm that kept building and building until I made them stop. 

When I was able to open my eyes, I looked up and saw myself surrounded by men whose eyes were shiny, with big grins on their faces, as well as very hard and erect cocks! "That was exquisite!! But now I want to return the favor. Those gorgeous cocks of yours need attention. So use them on me. Fill me with them. Fuck me with them. Go apeshit on me with them. I want you to fill me with your cum, over and over. Let's get this started!"

With that I was lifted from my back, turned over (they did all the work) and place on all fours. Larry was directly in front of my face, his handsome dick straining, and I opened my mouth wide - that was all he needed, and he filled my mouth with his cock. I savored the taste and he began to saw back and forth, slowly but surely going deeper with each thrust until he was in my throat. Then I felt hands spreading my thighs apart and exposing my pussy. A dick pressed up against the lips and slipped in. Whoever owned it seemed to coordinate with Larry - as one pushed in, the other pulled back to bounce me between them. Then I felt a cold liquid sensation at the crack of my ass, and then a finger worked its way around my rear hole, massaging it, poking it, prodding it and then entering it. Soon a second finger joined it. Then a third. With all three holes being filled, I had an amazing orgasm that just kept happening. Now a hand reached my stomach and moved down to my clit, slowly stroking and squeezing it. The orgasm grew more intense, but amazingly, didn't seem to reach a climax. It kept building. When hands found my boobs and I felt mouths on my back, however, I exploded. Wave after wave of pleasure kept running between all my erogenous zones. And none of the men had cum yet!

There as a pause in the action; Larry slowly withdrew from my mouth - and was quickly replaced by Luis. Thomas withdrew from my pussy, and for a moment I felt empty. But Harry worked his way underneath me, and pulled me down onto his steely dick. And then I felt the pressure at my rear. I wasn't sure who it was, but I did know it wasn't Thomas since he was visible at my side. Whoever it was kept up a steady pressure and was soon buried in my ass. I was now stuffed full of cock. Air tight! But I knew that two more of the men were around me, so I reached out and grabbed their dicks and began to stroke. I was as full of cock as I could be and I was soaring! I began pumping down on the cocks in my cunt and my ass, fucking them harder and harder. Luis had my head in his hands and was now pumping his big rod in and out. It was an amazing experience.

It got better as the first of the men began cumming. I felt Harry's cock in my pussy spasm and jerk, and then felt his hot jets of cum inside me. Within moments whoever was in my ass also began pumping his burning juices into me. Followed by Luis jamming that big dick down my throat and filling my stomach with his sperm. And yes, of course I came again as it all happened! As the cock in my ass began to shrink, it was pulled out with a pop, and my left hand was empty as that rod took its place. Between the lube and the cum already there, it went in with no resistance began to pound my ass. I arched my back to meet him. When Luis withdrew from my mouth, Thomas immediately filled it and I bounced back and forth between them. Once again my back channel was filled with hot cum. Then my throat. Finally, they had all cum for the first time and the only place that wasn't dripping with their juice was my mouth - I'd managed to swallow every drop. I fell off Harry and onto my back, seeing stars!

When I came back into my body I glanced over at Sherrie. She was impaled one on dick in her ass, while on of the other men was lodged deep in her pussy. Her eyes were glazing. The other guys near her had obviously cum. Their cocks had slightly wilted. That was as much as I could see because I suddenly had a stiff black cock in my face, heading towards my mouth. I opened wide and he drove it deep. 
