 It was supposed to be a typical ski holiday. There's a chalet to rent and some travel company hires it and sets up a holiday package for young singles wanting to ski.

This particular chalet had four bedrooms, two beds per room. Basically we were a group of eight strangers arbitrarily sharing a house. The only thing the agency did to ensure compatibility was to make sure we were all about the same age, early twenties, and to ensure that there was an even mix of sexes. Bedrooms were assigned two women to each of the front bedrooms and two men to each of the back.

From that point we were on our own. If we wanted to swap bedrooms with anyone, that was our choice.

So there we all were. On a holiday, looking for a little fun, some skiing, some booze and perhaps a little nookie if we were lucky.

That first evening we were all in the common room, getting acquainted and getting tanked. We must've been getting tanked to have gone through with it when the suggestion was raised.

There was a lot of flirtation going on, with hints of promises being slyly offered by both sexes. You know how it is, a general feeling each other out for friendship and possible a short term sexual encounter.

Someone was heard to grumble that it was a lot of work to possibly hook up with someone incompatible. We really needed some way to test each other to see what sort of partner they'd be.

Then someone else said, "Actually, that's not a bad idea. Why don't we do just that."

There was a bit of confusion at this point, as no-one seemed sure of what was being suggested.

It was then explained to us.

"There are an equal number of each sex here. All we need to do is try each other out for a few moments. The women lose their pants, and each man can then take it in turns to enter each woman to see how she feels and vice versa. I'm not talking full sex. The man just slips into the woman, wait for a few moments while she adjusts to the feel of him and he gets to know the feel of her, and then withdraw. 

This should give us all an initial idea of who we might want or not want as a partner."

There was a lot of laughter, some derisive and some supportive, and then the subject was dropped in favour of another round of drinks.

After a bit more general talk someone said "The hell with it. The testing keeps playing on my mind. Who's willing to try it out?"

Obviously there were four ayes, right from the word go. After all, what man is going to resist the chance of sticking his dick in a series of nubile young ladies?

The women were a bit slower deciding. I guess there's a difference in sticking it to four lovely ladies and being stuck by four horny bastards.

One of the girls didn't need much persuading. She was for it almost from the start, and another also quickly agreed.

The two hold outs, um'ed and ah'ed, for a short while, and then one said "If it's only in and then out, why not? Can't hurt."

With her only support gone, the last holdout shrugged. "As you say, why not?"

There was a pause as the men all wondered how to ask the girls to take off their panties, and the girls wondered if they were just supposed to whip them off.

Then, of all people, the last holdout hooked her thumbs into the waist of her pants and pushed them down. "If we're going to do this, we'd better get started," she announced, while her panties also hit the floor. "I'm not waiting around all night for someone to work up the nerve to jump me."

With that, the rest were in a rush to follow suit, showing that they weren't going to be last. Of course, as soon as women start competing with women, one got carried away. After dropping her pants and panties, she promptly stripped off her top and bra. "If we're going to be bent over getting pronged," she said, "we'd better give the boys something to hang on to."

So in quick time there were four naked women prancing around showing their wares. Now that they were naked, they seemed determined that the men should see everything so that they could compare.

Someone started grabbing the chairs from around the table, moving them aside. Someone else pitched in to help him and suddenly we had easy access to a nice big table. One of the girls sauntered over to it and bent over, legs spread and a laugh on her face. 

Following her example, the others joined her, each bending over a different side of the table. This way they could see each other and the men testing them.

Now it was our turn to put up or shut up, so we each stationed ourselves behind a different girl, and then someone yelled go.

So we did, with each of us moving in and skewering our target. We all seemed to have different methods, from a slow deep thrust to a race to get in first. All this taking place to a chorus of squeals, giggles and gasps as cocks dived for home base. Then someone gave a slow ten count and yelled times up, and out we came, to another chorus, this one manly giggles.

Now the men all moved one side clockwise and lined up their new targets. More pronging, squeals, giggles and gasps, with one scream from someone who apparently received a shock. Again the ten count and out.

Repeated again, and then moving on for the last time. The squeals and gasps had just about vanished now, being replaced by a steady supply of giggling and laughing. The girls seemed to find the constantly changing thrusts and withdrawals hilarious. 

So we were on our last test and the ten count was proceeding, but at the end of it, instead of yelling times up, our timekeeper announced, "OK, test complete. I suggest that you now all finish off before you come down with a case of blue balls."

As you can guess, things changed somewhat at that point. We already had our cocks where we wanted them, and all we had to do was not withdraw but start pumping, which we all did, quite enthusiastically. (I did say we'd been drinking.)

Now the women were squawking and squealing in earnest as they find their pussies being well and truly pounded. There were different reactions from each of them of course. The woman who had first agreed just naturally went along with a friendly fuck. The one who had agreed just after her gave a squawk, then a laugh, and then enthusiastic co-operation.

The two holdouts naturally held out this time, too, not that it helped when they had cocks jammed up their pussies and liberties being taken. They tried to tell their partners they weren't supposed to be doing this, but the only answers they got were some rapid thrusts, encouraging them to respond. After a while, they did, which was not surprising seeing all the lust that was in the air.

When things had settled down again, it was pointed out that it was just supposed to be a test. We weren't supposed to actually fuck them after it.

The men were quite surprised by this attitude. It was a case of, surely they didn't really think we wouldn't be finishing off at the end? After testing four pussies, how could we be anything but desperately horny?

I suggested that since the ice between us all had been broken, it would be silly to waste time trying to pair up with specific partners for the week we'd be together. It makes far more sense if, anytime some is horny, they just hit on the nearest member of the opposite sex and get their itch scratched. Same rules for everyone, men and women.

I'm pretty sure it was the booze talking, but the suggestion was carried by acclaim.

It looked like it was going to be an interesting holiday.