 I've always fantasized about viewing a movie in an adult theater just to see if the rumors are true. I fantasize about being approached by multiple men, horny with lust for anonymous sex with me. Men wanting to ravage me, cum in and on me, raw sex, nothing but. I know it sounds sick, nasty and perverted, I don't really give a damn . It's my fantasy. It isn't like I'd ever really do it but the thought of it makes me wet.

I'm a twenty nine year old single lady, currently dating a very conservative, boring man. Christ, I don't think this guy's ever even jerked off in his life. His mother probably told my he'd go bind if he did. 

I'm almost five feet seven inches tall, weigh a very firm 120 pounds and have what men would call "a nice rack" of 36D's. My tits still don't sag, they're very firm for their size, having a nice bounce to them being natural. I'm quite proud of my tits and don't mind showing them off, I love the attention and looks they get. 

I'm a true redhead in every sense of the word, feisty, moody and love to fuck, I think I'm a pretty damn good fuck too. At least that's what the guys tell me. I have this thing about sucking cock, I can't get enough. I love the feeling of a big fat cock swelling to an erection in my mouth.. I love the taste, feel and texture of a hard cock shoved down my throat. I never understood why women spit or why some won't even let a man cum in their mouths. I love the salty taste and gooey texture of cum.

To me, there's nothing sexier than looking up into a man's eyes as I'm devouring him to orgasm. I love the look on a man's face as I swallow his hot cum, his cock deep in my throat. I love how a guys cock throbs and twitches just before erupting. I know men go wild when I gag, taking them deep into my throat while working the underside of their cocks with my tongue 

Guys seem to really enjoy my oral skills too so I think I must be doing something right. I never seem to quench my thirst for my love of cum. I guess you could call me a cum slut, doesn't bother me a bit.

My temporary boyfriend has no idea I have this adult theater fantasy, he would shit if I ever even mentioned seeing an adult movie at home. He doesn't know that I have a rather large personal collection of pornographic movies, especially gang bang movies. I'm turned on by the thought of being ravaged by multiple men, satisfying them and quenching my thirst for sexual adventure. Luckily I have quite a collections of dildos and vibrators to keep me satisfied. Unfortunately I haven't found one that will cum for me yet.

I'm sure this guy I'm seeing isn't the man for me, he's just comfortable and easy to get along with. He's got a nice cock but just isn't kinky enough for me. We'll stay together until one or the other of us finds someone more interesting or exciting and moves on, no big deal. I practically have to beg him to let me suck him off, he thinks it's nasty.

I live alone, always have and don't plan on changing that any time soon. I enjoy the freedom to come and go when and where I like and do what I please.

I've always had no problem getting attention from the guys, I don't fuck a different guy every night. That's not me either. That said, I still have this urge to fulfill my fantasy. I know it's a nasty, forbidden thing to do. That's partly what turns me on, being totally out of character wanting to be a cum dumpster for a bunch of total strangers.

I know some of you are going to call me a nasty skank, probably even stop reading right here, disgusted by my fantasy but it's my fantasy. That's the great thing about a fantasy, it's only in your mind. You don't have to share it with anyone and rarely do we live our fantasies out. Usually an attempt trying to live out a fantasy is a disappointment, reality rarely lives up to our expectations.

For this reason so many of us never even attempt living out our fantasies or even sharing them with anyone. They're better off left to the imagination for an occasional episode of masturbation. We masturbate, guys and gals. People who say they don't aren't fooling any of us.

Well, I have to be honest. The possibility of acting out this fantasy is driving me nuts with desire. Every time I drive by the theater I'm tempted to go in, just to check the place out. Is it dirty and nasty with a bunch of smelly old perverts hanging around? I have to answer all of the questions some day soon, to satisfy my curiosity when I can get up the courage to do it.

And what if someone I know sees me go in or leave the theater? I know what society thinks of people frequenting these places, at least I think I do. For all I know friends of mine may go to these places. Who would ever admit to it? Not me! But fuck, I still want to check it out.

I was enjoying a boring Saturday at home, no date with little to do as my mind started wandering again. I had a few X-rated movies so figured, what the hell, I'd put one in.

I made some popcorn as the usual porn ads played before the movie got to the good stuff. It was about six o'clock, still early in the evening so this might be kind a nice way of quenching my fantasy thirst.

I retrieved my hot popcorn from the microwave and got comfy on the couch just as the action was getting hot on the movie. Damn, these porn's waste no time getting right to the sex.

I found myself really getting into the movie as this scene had three well hung studs giving the works to a blonde bombshell with huge fake tits. I couldn't take my eyes off these guys cocks, I just love cock. This busy lady now had one in her pussy, one in her ass and was blowing the other guy. I wondered how the fuck this chic could keep track of all that was going on and do justice to them all.

I hadn't touched the popcorn and found myself touching myself without even realizing it. I had my hand in my underwear gently rubbing my pussy, my other hand was caressing my tit, pinching the nipple. I was fucking wet without even realizing I was doing this. I guess I was just a naturally horny chic.

As I watched and got more turned on by the minute, my mind wandered again to that damn forbidden theater. I couldn't stop thinking about it as the scene got steamier. As the men in the movie started shooting their hot sticky cum all over this blonde, I couldn't take any more. I either had to go get my vibrator or get drunk and go to the movies.

It was now almost eight PM . What the fuck. I'd enjoyed a few glasses of wine, loosened up a little and even thought I just might get up the courage to go to the theater tonight!

I decided I'd dress for the part, could always change my mind afterward. I grabbed my sexiest little black dress with a plunging neckline, black fishnet stockings, a matching black g-string with my tallest black high heels. I decided to skip the bra, I really didn't need it. My tits looked great in this dress, the material being quite thin so my nipples showed well. This little dress was skin tight, sure to get attention.

Thinking about it, nobody was going to give a shit what I wore if I actually went through with this, but first impression was everything. I guarantee every man will have his eyes on me as I enter the theater, if I don't chicken out and if they're not all gay. 

I started having second thoughts so I poured myself a very strong rum and coke and downed it, that helped. I had another, that helped even more. By the time I had three drinks in me the pint was almost empty. Fuck, now I'm too drunk to drive. I can't go.

Even though I was drunk I actually figured out an option, a taxi. I held my cell phone in my hand, still fighting with myself whether or not to go through with this. Here I was, sitting in my apartment all by myself dressed like a damn stripper. 

I had another drink, then checked myself out in the mirror. Damn girl, you look fucking hot tonight. What the hell, I dial the fucking number. I called the taxi, they'd be here in twenty minutes. I still had plenty of time to rethink this and back out. Time for another small drink of courage, that will cement the deal.

The taxi was outside fifteen minutes later honking his horn. It was now or never. Do I ignore the honking and forget the whole stupid fucking idea or do I grab my purse and do it? I picked up my purse and left the house.

As I approached the taxi the driver's eyes were all over me, I must have looked hot. That was a definite boost of confidence for me.

"Where to Miss, or is it Mrs?" asked the driver as he rushed to open the passenger door for me.

"1274 Congress Street Please, it's the Mall by the airport, and it's Miss," I answered as I slid into the cab.

My driver closed the door for me and briskly got back into the driver's seat, almost tripping as he hurried to join me. He wasted no time stepping on it as we rushed away, it was about a twenty minute ride from the apartment to the theater.

"So, what are we up to tonight beautiful?" asked the cabby, really looking me up and down.

"It's a secret Sir, I'd rather not talk about it," I answered not thinking fast enough to make something up, I was too fucking drunk.

"Isn't that the address to the adult theater Miss?" he prodded, knowing damn well that it was.

"Is it? Hmm, I'm not sure," I said flirtatiously as I could see he was squirming in his seat a bit.

Maybe this guy was really turned on by the idea, knowing where I was going dressed like this. This horny fuck was getting a hard on.

As he looked away I repositioned a little in my seat so my mini-skirt was now revealing my little black panties. I even moved the seat belt in such a way to show a little more tit as the belt rested between them.

The next time he looked over he just about busted a nut. I thought we were going to wreck, he couldn't keep his eyes on the road. I guess I wasn't going to have a problem getting attention tonight, this was getting fun.

"You look too sexy to be alone in this neighborhood Miss. Would you like for me to walk you in?" asked my horny fucking driver.

His excitement was now definitely noticeable as his pants barely contained his growing cock. What the fuck, I figured I'd get this fantasy rolling early.

As he looked back to the road I reached for his bulge, resting my hand on his cock. I gave it a little squeeze as he hit his brakes in reaction to my gesture. He pulled over immediately, stopping to stare at me as I rubbed his cock. He was afraid to do or say anything.

I undid my seat belt, leaning toward him as I unzipped his fly. I reached in and pulled his cock free. His cock was already hard, it wasn't big but he was hard as a rock. I started slowly stroking him, staring him in the eyes as he tilted his head back in ecstasy.

"Oh fuck, that is so fucking good," he said as I hadn't really done anything yet. 

Damn, guys were easy to please, stroke their cock and they're happy. I leaned toward him taking him in my mouth. I thought he was going to cum that second, this guy probably hadn't had sex in months. I'd fix that fast, I still wanted to get to the theater, now more than ever.

I slid his cock into my mouth, consuming all of him, He wasn't that big so I had no problem taking him right to his balls, guys love that shit. Then I started feverishly rising and falling with my lips around his cock, slurping and sucking for the extra sound effect guys get off on.

It only took him a few minutes as he tensed, thrusting his hips upward to meet my mouth as I devoured him. I felt his cock swell as I knew he was about to erupt, releasing him from my mouth as I stroked the length of his shaft rapidly up and down. His cum shot a in the air landing on his lap and my hand as I continued to milk him. His next shot of cum wasn't as forceful as it oozed from the head of his cock, covering my hand with his hot, sticky fluid.

He was grunting and moaning as I milked his cock dry until his orgasm was over. He relaxed, looking over at me as I released his cock. I used his shirt to wipe his semen from my hands, but his lap was a mess with cum. I'd let him worry about that.

"Let's proceed to the theater please," I said casually as I sat back and buckled my seat belt.

He just zipped up, not even trying to clean the mess he'd made of himself as he put the car in drive. We were there in just a couple of minutes, stopping in front of the theater. This had been a great little appetizer for what was surely about to come..

"Don't get up," I said as I got out of the car. "How much do I owe you?"

"I should pay you, call me anytime. The ride will always be on me."

I left the cab as he watched me swagger to the building. I was still a little nervous but felt like I had broken the ice already and had confidence going in. I held my breath as I opened the door and entered the lobby.

There were a few guys in the lobby, maybe waiting for the next show to begin. I approached the counter to buy my ticket.

"Are you alone tonight Miss?" asked the ticket taker. I ignored his question. 

"One ticket Please," I said not wanting to make small talk as my nerves were again getting the best of me.

He took my money and handed me the ticket as he winked. I ignored his advance, if that's what it was, and turned to find my way into the theater. I was so fucking glad I'd thought to fill a flask to bring with me as I took a long drink as I got out of the man's sight.

Wow, I wasn't used to drinking straight alcohol. That was fucking strong, I forced another drink down building my courage. I now stood in front of the entrance to the theater. This was the fucking moment of truth. Could I actually go through with this stupid fantasy of mine? Of course I could, I just blew the cab driver for Christ's sake!

I hiked my skirt up a bit, lifted my tits as they almost fell from my dress and took a deep breath. I entered the theater, it was so dark I couldn't see anything except the movie playing on the screen. I stood still letting my eyes adjust to the darkness, looking for just the right spot to sit.

A my eyes adjusted I started making out a few bodies scattered throughout the theater. There looked to be only about twenty or so people in here, most either in the front row or the back. The middle of the theater had nothing but empty chairs.

Everyone started coming into focus as I soon discovered I was the only woman in the theater, no surprise there. All eyes were fixed on me now, ignoring the screen. I didn't move, continuing to look around trying to figure out my next move. I was standing in the back of the theater and noticed a man's pants around his ankles in the row I stood next to, it was pretty evident what he was doing.

I guess the rumors were true about these places, just a bunch of horny guys jerking off to porn movies. Probably none of these guys had seen a pussy in ages. The thought started to excite me as the men continued watching me, surely hoping I would sit near them. Maybe they were panning their strategy to approach me. That was wishful thinking.

I decided I wasn't going to fucking make it easy for these guys, fuck that. You want it, come and get it. I decided to sit dead center in the theater, I shook my ass as I walked halfway down the aisle, taking a seat in the middle of the row. I was completely alone, not a man within fifty feet of me.

I relaxed and settled into the comfortable oversized theater seat, leaning back as I turned my attention to the screen. There were two guys fucking this sexy blonde with fake tits, one guy was in her pussy, the other sliding in and out of her ass from behind. I have to admit, it was fucking hot. I was definitely feeling tingly after about fifteen minutes and found myself rubbing my pussy, my legs spread wide.

The guys in the front kept glancing back, now noticing me enjoying the movie. Fuck it, I figured it was time to turn up the heat a bit. They'd all be jerking off in a bit.

I had my hand under my dress, Pinching my nipples as I continues playing with my pussy. I had a finger in my pussy now as I pulled my left tit free from it's containment. It didn't take much as my tits were barely covered by the material.

The guys in the front row were now staring, I could see their arms moving as they were jerking. Two guys got up and walked to my row, seating themselves leaving one seat between us. I'm sure they were afraid to really push me too fast, too far.

Each of them undid their pants, freeing their cocks. The guy to my left was stroking, watching me. The guy to my right just had his cock standing erect by itself, not touching himself. A couple of guys moved to sit in the row directly behind me now. There were four men within reaching distance.

I was so fucking horny now, knowing all of the men were hoping for an invitation from me. They were dying to get their hands on me. I noticed a few more men from the front row move to the row in front of me, a couple more from the back row were now in my row. There was still a comfort zone around me, nobody pressing the issue. Most of these guys had their cocks in hand, jerking slowly as if presenting themselves to me.

Time to turn up the fucking heat, I was getting warm! I pulled the other tit from my dress, both now exposed for all to see and enjoy. A couple of the guys really started pounding their cocks hard, what a waste. I knew I had great tits and they were definitely drooling, jacking off as they stared. I lifted my dress and removed my panties, slipping them into my purse.

My pussy was now exposed with both tits out. A couple of these guys couldn't take it any more as I heard them unload, cumming and grunting as they stared at me. That was so fucking hot, I didn't even have to touch them. They jacked off just at the thought of touching me.

Now I had men in the two chairs next to me, both with pants around their ankles. I couldn't fucking take it any more as I reached for each of their cock's, stroking them. One of them was huge! I had to stare at it as my hand slid up and down it's thick shaft. I couldn't even get my hand around that thing. Both men were now squeezing my tits, kneading them like melons. One was pinching and working my nipple as I felt his lips surround it, sucking it hard.

The smaller of the two cocks I had to have. I lifted both armrests giving them both easy access to me as I plunged onto the smaller of the two cocks, sucking him with vigor. I was trying to get him off as fast as possible, there were just so many others to cocks in the theater to have!

I jerked him as I slammed him in my mouth, sucking hard almost trying to draw the semen from his cock. I felt him swell as he thrust upward, exploding into my mouth in minutes. I accepted some of his cum and released his cock, jerking the rest of his load into the air. His cum coated my hand and his clothing as his orgasm subsided. He got up immediately, replaced by another man. He had his cock exposed as well.

I turned my attention to the massive cock next to me as he continued playing with my tits. This thing was so fucking big, I didn't know if I could get my lips around it. I reached for him with my mouth, first licking it's head sizing him up. His hips pushed his cock upward as I tried to get my mouth around it. I could only fit the head of that monster in my mouth as I attempted to suck him off. I worked his cock, twisting and sliding my hands up and down his massive mast. I just couldn't do much with this fucking monster. I never knew these things got this damn big!

I stood, a shocked look on everyone's face as I removed my only piece of clothing, lifting my dress over my head. I positioned myself in front of the monster cock, leaning over the chair in front of him,

"Fuck me, slow and careful," I said to him.

His monster was at my entrance immediately with it's massive head pushing it's way in, practically tearing me as I screamed. Everyone had gathered closely around me now, surrounding me. He continued working that pole into me carefully and slowly. I could only take about half of his length as he hit my cervix. That was all he could get.
