 NOTE: For those of you joining us for the first time, this story is a vignette from Rubirosa's series "Cock Star." The chronicle focuses upon the private life of a public couple. As the most accomplished porn star of modern times, Samson lives out popular male sex fantasies on a daily basis. Yet his heart still belongs to Sandra Kong, his business manager, high school sweetheart and shameless cuckquean.

*

"SQS" read the message on Lana's phone. The blonde looked up at Sandra Kong with a smile. The techno music at the club was too loud for conversation so the women texted each other instead. 

"What does that stand for?" typed Lana.

"Size queens share," replied Sandra an instant later.

Lana's phone vibrated again. A photograph lit up the LCD screen. The man possessed a truly awesome appearance. Nature blessed him with a luxurious mane of jet-black hair that almost reached his waist. Though he wore it longer than most women, no one would mistake him for a chick. The man stood six and a half feet tall with mighty arms and legs bulging with muscle. His torso flared from his waist like the head of a cobra, his stomach rippling with abs, his chest armored with a breastplate of muscle that glistened like bronze in the sunlight. The bodybuilder had the face of a romance cover model. It bore a wide, almost smug grin. Lana suspected the source of his pride. The photo was a nude...

"The bf...," texted Sandra. 

"How big?"

"Thirteen and a half." 

"Centimeters?"

"LOL. Guess there's only one way for you to find out;)" 

The women waded into the crowd. The Adonis in the photograph occupied the center of the dance floor. The other club kids stood back in a ring and cheered him on as he gyrated his body to the deafening techno beat. Sandra's boyfriend proved a superb dancer, his moves verging on the acrobatic. As the music climaxed, he spun like a top on his heel. The pirouette lasted nearly a minute and the hunk never lost his balance. Not even guys could deny his style. As for the ladies...

Lana took in his flamboyant appearance. The ladykiller favored steampunk attire. He wore a ruffled pirate shirt unbuttoned to the waist to show off his set of flawless pecs and abs. To further accentuate his exuberant masculinity, Sandra encouraged him to wear skintight leather breeches. Even in a dark club, Lana could make out the salami-sized bulge that ran along the inseam of his left thigh. 

As the next song faded in, Señor Rico Suave did something no self-respecting heterosexual male would dare attempt. He twerked. In fact, he twerked better than most women could. Starting from a low-squatting stance, the dancing virtuoso thrust his hips and vibrated his ass in the most sexually provocative manner imaginable. Accordingly, his limp but huge dong flopped around in his pants like a fish out of water. At first, his overamped performance appeared unbearably campy. But despite its absurdity, his skillful moves soon eclipsed the homoerotic subtext of his act. He executed handstands, splits, and backflips like a pro. No one laughed by the end. Some even applauded as he left the dance floor. 

"C'mon," yelled Sandra. "I'll introduce you." 

Lana bit her lip. She heard the stories and tonight looked to be an adventure. ---

ONE HOUR EARLIER

Lana exited the back door of the club into the dark alley for a smoke. Her guy staggered to a garbage can and threw up inside. She called an Uber and sent the drunk home. 

Sandra had spotted Lana immediately. The tall blonde rocked badass ripped jeans and a tank top that barely contained her big jugs. Her attire seemed a bit casual for a club but it worked. With a body like that, she didn't need anything fancy. Sandra felt her clit throb. The stranger looked to be unicorn with a capital U. 

"Fancy a joint," Sandra asked her. The bi-femme didn't hesitate walking up to Lana and starting a conversation. And a nice spliff of potent weed always broke the ice. 

"Sure. Why not?" answered Lana, after a pause. She needed a moment to appraise Sandra. Kong was not just beautiful. She was uniquely beautiful. Sandra did not look like a plastic model off the San Fernando Valley assembly line of porn models. The mixed race bombshell had African curves on a slender Asian frame. Very few women carried DD-cup breasts, weighed 130 pounds, and stood just below six feet. This was not due to an eating disorder or plastic surgery. Her preposterous measurements were purely the result of good genetics and a strict Paleo diet.

Sandra fished a diamond-studded lighter out of her purse and fired up the spliff. 

"What's your name, honey?" asked Sandra, passing the joint.

"Lana. What's yours?" she answered before taking a big hit.

"Sandra. Sandra Kong." 

Lana coughed up smoke. She seemed genuinely surprised.

"You mean THE Sandra Kong?" 

"I guess so." 

Not everyone knew Sandra. She managed to keep her name out of the tabloids. But Kong still had developed quite a reputation in the club scene. Insiders knew her as the secret companion of Samson. Unlike his girlfriend, the celebrity porn star managed to keep his name IN the tabloids. 

Samson had no last name. He didn't need one. Everyone knew him already. He was endowed with the biggest cock in porn. And the superstud knew how to use it. On and off camera, Samson had the size, skill, and stamina to pleasure females in ways other men could not. 

And the cocksman got plenty of practice. He literally bedded thousands of women. Some of them happened to be famous, which lit up the harsh spotlight of the media. Rumors circulated that the porn stud moonlighted as a gigolo to the stars. In truth, Samson never got paid for pleasuring his beloved roster of pop stars and celebutantes. He just loved sex. In particular, he loved group sex. He loved group sex with Sandra at his side. The couple prowled discotheques in search of females to seduce. 

"Would you like me to introduce you to him?" asked Sandra. She did not even bother to mention Samson by name. Lana knew the score. Sandra was a cuckquean. She procured lovers for her boyfriend.

"Sure. I'm down." 

---

TWO HOURS LATER

"I've got to take a photo," a star struck Lana gushed, still jacking the base of Samson's tool. "San, go get my handbag." 

Sandra knew the routine. Lana wanted a selfie with the celebrity stud. San reluctantly popped her lips off her boyfriend's fist-sized cockhead and rolled out of bed. Samson's admired the view of her pert bare ass as she walked across the room, Jimmy Choo pumps clacking against the hardwood floor. 

The trio had retired to Samson's triplex just off the Sunset Strip. The residence was palatial but the couple quickly moved the action into their bedroom. The floor-to-ceiling windows afforded a spectacular view of Los Angeles. However, Samson's horsecock had absorbed all of Lana's attention. She squeezed and pumped his rock-ribbed shaft with all her strength. Lana marveled at its hardness. His erection felt almost superhuman, like a pillar of granite. At the same time, the organ was very alive. It felt hot to the touch. The veins pulsed with energy. She felt it throb in her grasp. 

"C'mere," she whispered, turning his face to her own and kissing him deeply. "Can you keep a secret?"

"What, babe?" purred Samson in his deep baritone. 

"I've been a big fan of yours for a long time. I don't like porn. Never watched it. But with you... It's not porn. I mean... It's real. Those actresses aren't faking it with you, are they?" 

"Would you like me to do that to you?" he queried.

"What do you think?"

Samson didn't answer. The only question left unanswered in his mind involved which girl he would fuck first. 

Sandra crawled back into the bed with Lana's handbag and fished out her iPhone. 

"OK, Lana. You ready for your close-up?"

"Like duh. Snap away, baby." 

With a practiced eye, Sandra started shooting photos of the blonde posing with Samson's tool like a trophy. Hundreds of these candids circulated on the Internet. 

"How about a forearm shot?" asked Sandra. 

Lana didn't ask for an explanation. She knew already what Sandra meant. Many Samson groupies took photographs where they lined up their forearm alongside his phallus to compare their respective sizes. The results varied but one fact could not be denied. Samson had not been given the nickname 'forearm' in high school by chance.

"Fuck, you've got such a huge cock, baby," whispered Lana into his ear as she ran her hands over the thick slabs of muscle that spanned his broad chest. "I'm so fucking horny. No one is going to believe who I hooked up with tonight." 

Samson's girlfriend playfully pinched Lana's butt. The blonde flinched slightly and turned to Sandra. The bisexual cuckquean didn't hesitate. Sandra kissed her full on the mouth. Lana parted her lips and let the bi-babe slip her some tongue. Like many of their unicorns, Lana considered herself heteroflexible but the hot couple was quickly opening her up to a more pansexual orientation. 

"Feel that?" Sandra told her, pinching her ass again. "You're not dreaming, honey. We are for real if you are." 

"Sure am," Lana moaned under her breath as she began jacking Samson's tool with both fists. Sandra dropped to her knees silently to suck his cock. Her plump lips stretched over the ridge of his helmet with an audible pop. She then sucked in her cheeks and twisted her head round and round. 

Samson gave a loud moan. He loved when his girlfriend teased him like that. The way to his heart led through his glans, the tender underside of his knob. Packed with erotic nerves, it functioned as the masculine equivalent of the clitoris. Like any man, Samson possessed a highly sensitive glans. It was quite a bit larger than a typical specimen and a lot more erotogenic. But otherwise his "man-clit" worked just like any other. Combined with Lana's double-fisted pumping of his shaft, Samson's balls rumbled ominously. Not even the seasoned porn stud could withstand this level of stimulation. 

"Fuck!" bellowed Samson, his pecs twitching from the strain of holding back his load of spunk. "Hold on, ladies!"

Samson rolled to the other side of the bed to catch his breath. Even though the cocksman would fire five or six loads that night, he did not quite want to blast off his first one that soon. 

Sandra crawled over to him and whispered with a mocking smile: "What's the problem, hon? Can't handle two girls?"

Samson's girlfriend wanted to provoke him. She might have been a cuckquean but she could be a feisty one. Sandra liked to push his buttons in bed. Questioning Samson's masculinity hardened his resolve to fuck Sandra to within an inch of her life. Her studly soulmate only earned her respect and devotion one amazing fuck at a time. 

However, rather than reward the impudent remark of his imperious cuckquean girlfriend, Samson turned his attention to Lana. She had not overheard Sandra's remark and smiled at him innocently. 

"Spread your legs, babe," he growled. "Samson wants you." 

Lana complied. She braced herself for his big cock but he dove headfirst between her thighs instead. With a "virgin," Samson never fucked her before a thorough session of cunnilingus. He gave the best head in porn. Actresses came early and often with the oral virtuoso. Samson had a not so secret weapon. Fully extended, his tongue measured an astonishing nine inches. The muscle was prehensile and Samson wielded it with the accuracy of a speculum. 

"Holy shit!" gasped the blonde as his tongue plunged into the sodden depths of her pussy. Lana felt the tip touching places in her body that not even her trusty dildo could reach. Samson loved the taste and aroma of her sweet cunt. He really got her juices flowing. She coated the entire lower half of his face with her love musk. 

Lana became to cry out in pleasure: "Oh...oh.... OH!!! Stick your tongue in deeper, baby! FUCK!" Samson readily complied with her request. He stuck his tongue up her cunt all the way to the root. Thus ensconced, Samson rolled the serpentine appendage round and round, scraping the tender walls of her convulsing vagina. 

"I'm so close ... Oh God ... Soon ... Don't you dare stop, you mother... RIGHT THERE!"

Lana began to scream at the top of her lungs. Samson had bought a triplex apartment for a reason. The bedroom was on the second floor so the couple didn't have upstairs or downstairs neighbors. Otherwise, they would have received noise complaints nearly every night. 

Sandra cradled Lana's head in her lap. "Hold my hand," she gently told the blonde. "He's going to make you come pretty hard." Lana grasped Sandra's palm weakly. Her manner felt calm and compassionate, like a big sister comforting her younger sibling. Though the women had just met, Sandra understood the emotional aspect of female sexual response. Even seasoned porn starlets sometimes cried when Samson made love to them. It freaked them out that a relative stranger could make them feel so vulnerable; that he could give them pleasure that a longtime boyfriend or husband could not. Sandra might have been a slutty cuckquean but she also had a heart. The bi-babe truly cared about her cuckcakes. 

Samson felt Lana flinch as the flat of his tongue grazed her anterior fornix. The expert lover could tell she had a very receptive AFE zone and he planned to put it to good use. Without preamble, he began to stab the sweet spot with the tip of his tongue. The young woman then totally and absolutely lost it. A peal of orgasmic thunder rolled over her body from head to toe. Lana clutched Sandra's hand in a white-knuckled death grip. Samson sped up his rolling tongue to a fever pitch to stoke the fire in her loins. Lana's hips bucked and clenched with so much force that he barely could stay in the saddle. Samson slipped his hands under her rump and grasped her ass cheeks in order to hold on. 

Sandra glanced at her Rolex. Not even two minutes had passed since he went down on her.

FORTY MINUTES LATER

"AAAAAHHHH FUUUUUCK! OH YEAH! NNNNGGH OHHHHHH GAAAAAAAWD BAYYBEEE!" Lana screamed, her climax doubling in strength and surging past the 45-second mark.

Samson remained in the same position between the blonde's quivering legs through more than a dozen orgasms. His tireless tongue and jaw muscles enabled him to dine at an all-you-can-eat buffet of pussy. While the bodybuilder affected a macho stance in public, it belied his dedication to the delicate art of oral sex. When they first started having threesomes, his bisexual girlfriend trained him how to eat pussy. As someone who both gave and received cunnilingus, Sandra knew what women wanted. So when her boyfriend performed on one of their unicorns, she hovered nearby to coach him on his technique. 

Samson proved an eager and apt pupil. He quickly discovered some quality face time between a gal's thighs earned her eternal gratitude and goodwill. While he might have been an orgiastic playboy, chicks respected Samson. The celebrity stud earned a reputation as a generous lover that rocked the world of every girl that passed through his bed. 

Meanwhile, Sandra played with her boyfriend's monster cock. No matter how much the cuckquean sucked and fucked it, she never grew tired of his manhood. Sandra couldn't wait to see her boyfriend fuck Lana. The pair had chemistry. Bringing a new woman into their bed always carried a risk. They might not hit it off. But Lana had paid off. Big time. 

Her orgasm went on and on and on. Every inch of Lana's body shook violently. Her hips bucked up and down as she smashed her cunt against Samson's stabbing and swirling tongue. The ladykiller gave as good as he got. Her crazed passion only strengthened his resolve to pleasure her senseless as he drove his serpentine tongue into her deepest recesses. 

"AUUUUUUNNNNNNNGHHH!!!!" yelled Lana, her face turning an even darker shade of red. Her limbs flailed erratically as she began to hyperventilate. 

"Hold on, baby," Sandra warned her boyfriend. "You're going to tap her out!"

Samson immediately came up for air. Sandra was right. If he didn't stop, their guest might pass out. Lana looked a bit confused: "Tap me out?"

Sandra just laughed: "Relax, honey. My boyfriend has...uh... a little problem. What you might call a 'high-quality problem.'" His girlfriend didn't elaborate but Samson knew what she meant. The ladykiller had a habit of making girls come so hard during cunnilingus that they fainted. He never quite grasped the concept of "too much of a good thing." 

Without explanation, Sandra slipped a pillow under Lana's rump to give her boyfriend better access to her upturned crotch. She then handed Samson a bottle of water from the nightstand. He took a swig then offered it to Lana. 

"You better stay hydrated, honey," Sandra told her.

"Huh?"

"You're about to get 'stud cocked.'"

"Stud cocked?"

"Ya know..." began Sandra. "Back in high school, we had this expression when one of our girlfriends had sex with a guy... and he was the biggest she ever had. We called it getting 'stud cocked.'"

"I see..."

"And Lance."

"Lance?"

"'Lance' was my boyfriend's name before he started working in porn. Anyway, he stud cocked the cheerleading team, Goth chicks, loads of cougars... After we started dating, I introduced him to my girlfriends at the strip club where I danced. Samson stud cocked all of them too."

"Ohhhhh, shit..." whimpered Lana. While Sandra boasted of his conquests, Samson had positioned himself between the blonde's open thighs. Flexing his supersized PC muscle, his cock lurched upward and lined up perfectly with her juice-brimmed slit. Before he could thrust inside of her, however, Sandra grasped his thick shaft and slowly guided him forward. Samson did not really need her assistance but the gesture carried symbolic value. The cuckquean had offered her blessing to their coupling. 

"Brace yourself, honey," smiled Sandra. "This is gonna get intense."

Lana bit her lip as both of her hands clutched a fistful of bed sheeting. She felt a little intimidated. Samson was BIG. Lana wasn't inexperienced with men but the porn stud was out of her league. However, the size queen also ached for a royal pounding. She had felt an empty void growing inside her body for the past hour. Her wet pussy had tented open like never before. Her vaginal tube extended dramatically in width and length, creating enough room to engulf his monster tool. 

"Don't worry," Sandra told Lana, appearing to read her thoughts. "Samson has been with a lot of women. He won't hurt you." 

With that, she felt his giant knob pop inside the jaws of her snatch. Her mouth let out an involuntary gasp. 

"You like that big cock, Lana?" he snarled before feeding her pussy another inch of iron hard shaft. 

"Goddamn, this is hot," sighed Sandra as she kneeled behind her boyfriend, hands roaming across his chiseled pecs and abs as he crammed himself inside Lana. Samson glanced over his shoulder at Sandra: "C'mere, babe. Front and center." His girlfriend knee-walked to face him and he pulled her close. They shared a deep soul kiss as she ground her pussy against his thigh like a dog humping his leg. 

Lana looked up at the couple as they groped each other: "Wow, this is so fucking hot... and fucked up." The blonde unicorn's heart thumped in her rib cage. The sheer eroticism of the moment intoxicated her with lust. She felt like a starlet in one of Samson's adult films. Like many young women, Lana secretly fantasized of starring in a scene with the sexual icon but never imagined it actually could happen. 

As he made out with his girlfriend, Samson broke in Lana's pussy with short, forceful thrusts.

"Oh God you...you're hitting my g-spot!" she cried out.

"Sure am," he growled with a smug grin. 

"I'm g-g-g-g-gonna...." 
