 The blizzard was forecast, that's why most of the people left the ski resort earlier in the day, including my two buddies. I had some extra days off so I decided to stay. I figured that even if it did hit, being snowbound in a mountain lodge was just as good as being at home with nothing to do.

So that first night I was in the bar of the ski lodge. A few people decided to stick around including a couple of pretty drunk women who were sitting at the bar.

I had been sitting by myself in a booth drinking rum and cokes. My glass was empty so I walked up to the bar to get another. I was standing beside the two women's stools waiting for my drink. One turned to me.

"Hey, there," she said. "Want to get lucky?"

She and her friend snickered.

I just smiled at her.

"I'm Lucky," she said holding up a lighter with the word "lucky" on it. She was medium height with long, curly, reddish-brown hair. She looked to be in her early 30's.

I noticed the other one had a lighter in front of her, too. Hers had a Chevy logo on it.

"Then you must be Chevy," I commented.

"That's right," she replied. Chevy was a blonde. She was a little older than Lucky, was about the same height, and looked like she had a pretty nice body. Her face wasn't that of a model or movie star but it wasn't bad.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Rum," I said, holding up my drink.

I turned to go back to my booth when Lucky grabbed my arm.

"Where you going, Rum?" she asked. "Why don't you stay here and keep us company?"

"Sure," I replied, deciding to humor them for a little while. I stood there drinking my rum and coke while we talked. Mostly they asked me questions about myself, like how old I was, how tall I was, what my favorite sex position was. They must have been in that bar drinking all afternoon to be in the shape they were in.

When I finished my drink I thanked them for the conversation and excused myself. I was headed to my room.

When I got to the stairs they were right behind me.

"We thought we'd call it a day, too," Chevy explained.

I got to my floor and they were following me down the hall. When I got to my room I unlocked the door and turned to say good-bye again. When I did, Lucky slipped past me into my room. When I went in after her Chevy followed me in and closed and locked the door.

When I heard the door close and lock I turned around to see what the blonde was up to. At that point Lucky came up behind me, wrapping her arms around my waist.

"I've got him, Chevy."

Lucky started pulling me back while Chevy was pushing me. The next thing I knew I backed into the bed and fell down on top of it. In a flash the two women were on top of me.

"Party with us," the blonde whined.

They had me pinned down. One started to remove my shirt while the other undid my pants. At this point I stopped resisting. After all, it's not everyday you get to have sex with two horny women while snowed in at a mountain lodge.

I pulled Lucky's face to mine. We locked in a sloppy, wet kiss. When we finished, it was Chevy's turn. Her tongue was in my mouth the moment our lips met. After our long French kiss I looked at the two women.

"Hey, now," I said. "If my clothes are coming off, yours have to also."

They both laughed while they removed their tops. They both had beautiful breasts. Lucky's were the size and shape of baseballs. Chevy's were a little bigger and just as round. Then it was time for their pants to come off. Lucky removed her panties to unveil a cunt covered in a thick patch of reddish-brown hair. Chevy's pussy was shaved except for a slim, blonde landing strip. I reached out to fondle each woman's pussy while they knelt on either side of me.

"Beautiful," I told them. "I can't wait to shove my dick in each one of these hot boxes."

Soon my own shorts were off. Both women literally licked their lips as they gazed at my semi-erect cock.

Lucky wrapped her hand around it and guided it into her mouth while Chevy went to work on my chest with her tongue and lips.

The redhead's mouth felt so good on my dick as she licked and sucked it. It wasn't long before I was fully hard. She kept up a slow and easy rhythm as the soft warmth of her mouth stimulated my cock.

In the meantime, the blonde was leaving lipstick stains all over my nipples as she kissed and sucked on them. When she finished with my chest, her tongue worked its way up my neck, then to my cheek and ear. Chevy seemed like a very oral person. I love oral women.

After nibbling on my ear for a while, Chevy moved down to my cock and motioned for Lucky to let her have a piece of it. The women alternated sucking my dick for what felt like half an hour as the wind raged outside the window.

"I'm about to cum," I warned them as they continued to tag team suck me. They stopped then and I said to Lucky: "Lie down here, baby. I want to taste that yummy pussy of yours."

Lucky took my place on the bed while I crawled between her legs. Her beautiful, hairy pussy smelled of musk. I ran my fingers through her pubic hair before bending down to lick her pussy lips. In the meantime, Chevy moved up to Lucky's head so her pussy could be eaten out by her friend.

I parted the redhead's pussy lips with my fingers, then stuck my tongue in and started to lap at her cunt. She was already getting wet from servicing me.

I like shaved pussies a lot, but hairy pussies are nice, too. There is just something very sexy about looking at a thick bush of soft pussy hair. You get your face in there and a hairy bush just seems to smell muskier.

Soon my tongue was all the way in, teasing and stimulating her pubis mundis. When I found her clit, I sucked on it and teased it with my tongue. Every time I flicked it she would shudder and moan, even though her tongue was buried in Chevy's cunt.

I felt Chevy pulling on my leg. When I looked, she was motioning for me to scoot over so she could suck my dick. Soon we were in a daisy chain, I was eating out Lucky, she was eating out Chevy, and Chevy had my dick engulfed in her hot, wet mouth. Moans and the sound of slurping filled the room, drowning out the wind at the window.

The blonde had me close to cumming. I had to pull out of her mouth. She licked some precum off her lips.

Lucky reached for me.

"Give it to me, baby," she pleaded.

I spread her legs as I knelt between them. Taking my cock in my hand I guided it toward her sweet, bushy cunt. I placed the tip between her wet pussy lips and smoothly thrust it in. She let out a long gasp as she felt the length of it sliding into her. Wrapping her legs around me I began to hump into her. Her pussy felt so good on my cock as I went in and out. Her pussy walls were so wet she took me easily, smoothly.

In the meantime, Chevy mounted Lucky's face so the redhead could continue to eat her out. The blonde was facing me. Her hands were on her tits, kneading them and pinching her long, hard nipples.

I put my hand back on Lucky's bush. I used my thumb to stimulate her clitoris as I continued to thrust into her. She was really enjoying it. Her hips bucked and twitched as I fucked her with my thumb and my cock.

"I want to see you cum," Chevy whispered huskily. "Let me see it."

"You want to see me shoot off?"

"Yeah, baby. I want to see your sexy cock spray hot cum all over."

I continued to fuck the sexy redhead for several more minutes, my eyes locked on Chevy's. She continued to whisper "Come on, baby. Shoot for me. Let me see your big, hot cock blast out its load."

"Are you ready?" I whispered back.

"Oh, yeah, stud. Show it to me." She licked her lips.

I pulled my dick out of Lucky's cunt. It was purple and wet. I was close—very close.

I continued to rub the shaft up and down Lucky's cunt folds. In less than a minute I felt the explosion about to start. I gave a loud grunt and my cum shot out, hitting Lucky on her belly button. Cum continued to flow out of my cock until her pubic hair was matted with it.

"Ooh, that's beautiful, baby," Chevy moaned.

I stuck my still hard dick back into Lucky. I rammed it in and out until she too orgasmed with a shuddering groan.

Once she was done climaxing she collapsed on the bed. Chevy climbed off her as I lay down too, panting from my exertions.

Chevy crawled over to me and started kissing me. 

"That was so hot, baby. Ooh, that was so damn hot," she said as our lips met over and over in passionate kisses.

While we were doing this, Lucky got up to shower.

The blond was kissing me all over.

"I want you in me so bad, sweetheart. I want to feel that big, beautiful stiff cock of yours deep in my pussy. "

She was almost whining.

Gradually, I began to get stiff again. Chevy reached down to caress my dick.

"Put it in me, baby. I want it so badly."

We both got to our knees. I sat back on my haunches and the blonde straddled me. With one hand on my cock to guide it she slowly lowered herself onto my waiting pole. Her pussy was still surprisingly wet from her friend blowing her.

I cupped her ass with my hands as she began to bounce up and down on my cock. Her arms were wrapped around my neck.

She moaned "Oooh, oooh, oooh" over and over as I met her bounces with thrusts of my own.

Having already cum once this night, I knew I would be able to fuck this sexy blonde for a long time before cumming again.

As we her fucking there, Lucky came out of the bathroom, clean, refreshed and as naked as she went in.

"Oh, a party," she exclaimed and jumped onto the bed. 

She positioned herself behind me. Her arms were on my sides and her pussy was mashing against my ass as she kissed my neck and licked and nibbled on my ear.

The redhead was thrusting her hips in unison with my thrusts into her friend. It was almost like she was humping my ass with her pussy.

Before long Chevy's head was swaying from side to side. Her eyes were closed and her breaths were coming in great gasps.

I could tell she was getting close. 

My hands were still on her ass. I pulled her tight, clamping her pussy into my groin and started to thrust with smooth, slow and powerful strokes. 

With a loud "Ah, yes, ah, yes" she orgasmed. She bucked and gasped as two, then three, then four orgasms hit her.

I stopped ramming her after her orgasms ended to give her time to recover. With half-open eyes and a big smile she slowly climbed off me to collapse full length onto the bed.

My dick was still hard and ready to go. As soon as the blonde climbed off, Lucky was around in front of me. She sprawled out and her mouth flew to my cock. Wrapping her wet lips around it she began to suck it in and out, tasting her friend's pussy juices as she did so. She was like a woman possessed as her mouth made loud slurping noises over my love tool. When she began to stroke my scrotum I lost my breath. The feeling of her wet mouth on my cock and the sensual feel of her fingers rubbing my scrotum pushed me over the edge. Her lips closed around the head of my cock as I shot off for a second time. She swallowed the entire load. When I was done she licked me clean before we both joined Chevy lain out on the bed in exhaustion from our fuck session.

We ended up all sleeping in my bed with me sandwiched in between two hot, sexy women. What a glorious night that was.