 It took Mark an hour to get everyone gathered in the kitchen the next morning. He had bluntly told Suzanne that she was no longer in charge of this the arrangements for this trip. He even took time to cook breakfast; bacon, eggs, and hash browns, ignoring the strained silence at the table. He waited until everyone had at least made an effort at eating something before he began.

"OK everybody," he said, "I think every one at this table has done some things that hurt someone else. We've been friends a long time, and nobody set out to hurt anyone else. So let's just say this is a collective apology, from each of us to each of the others. Fair enough?"

"A man of few and simple words," quipped Tim.

"It's OK with me," said Kate.

"Then that's it. Apologies made and accepted all around," said Suzanne, raising her glass of orange juice to toast the others.

"Wait! I'm not done," said Mark. "We've all seen the feelings we have for one another. So the question is, what happens the rest of this week? What happens after we go home?"

There was a long silence, and it was, surprisingly, Kate who broke it.

"I don't want this to end. I talked with Tim about this last night. The truth is, I feel like a butterfly right out of a cocoon, and I don't want to crawl back in. If we can all be open with one another, I want to continue with what happened the first night we were here, and maybe try other things."

Mark looked at her with some surprise, then turned to Tim. "How about you, buddy? Are you OK with that?"

He saw Tim's eyes shift rapidly to Suzanne.

"Let's me put it another way... you're OK with anything that let's you and Suzanne fuck again, aren't you? It's OK, we're all being honest."

Tim blushed and nodded his head, murmuring, "If that's what everybody else wants, yeah, I'm in."

"So to speak," joked Suzanne.

Mark turned to his wife. "OK with you, Suzie? You get to play with your best friend's husband, and still keep yours as well?"

"Yep!" she smiled. As long as that's what we're talking about here... no divorces because of what happens between us, right?"

"Right. So it sounds like we're all in agreement. At least verbally, sitting around the breakfast table. But last time things got out of hand, we all really screwed up. I know everybody says they want this, but I'm not sure we can really handle it. So I proposed we put it to a test. We pair off, in the same room, and watch our partners with the other's spouse. And if anybody feels uncomfortable, just say so and it ends right there."

"Just like that? We just strip and have sex?" protested Tim.

"Well, I figured need a little 'social lubricant.' to get us in the mood," Mark said. He went to the refrigerator and pulled out two bottles of champagne. 

"I packed these for the trip figuring we might drink them on our last night up here. But I think this occasion calls for a sacrifice. This first bottle turns that orange juice into mimosas, and the second bottle is for when we run out of orange juice. Tim, you open and pour. I'm going to stoke up the wood stove and lay out some blankets. The weather is still crappy out there, and since the ski trip is turning into a bust, it's a good thing we have something else to do."

* * * * *

Eventually Mark herded everyone into the living room, now warm from the fire. 

They were all feeling a little tipsy from the champagne. Mark had poured an extra round for himself, so even with his body weight he was feeling a little buzz.

"OK... here we go. I guess the best way to start is for everybody to strip."

There were a few seconds of stunned silence, and then everyone reacted.

"What? Just like that?"

"How romantic!"

"QUIET!" Mark said. "You all agreed to this. If you want to quit now go ahead. But if you want to work this out, then strip!" 

Tim was the first to respond, and he began taking off his clothes and piling them on the floor. Soon Suzanne and Kate began to strip, and finally Mark took off his own clothes.

Tim had to admire the two women, and despite the circumstances her found himself quickly becoming aroused. His wife Kate was a small woman, with natural red hair, light skin, and lots of freckles. She had a tiny waist, and firm B cup breasts, tipped with rosy pink nipples.

Suzanne was a bigger woman, about as tall as Tim. She was tan and sensuous looking, with soft curves and big full breasts, and long, wavy amber hair.

Tim glanced briefly at Mark. He was a big, muscular man, and it was impossible to avoid noticing the size of his penis, which even when relaxed seem enormous.

"Well, here goes," Mark said. With a smile, he took Kate by the hand and led her to the loveseat. They sat side by side and Kate snuggled against him as he put his arm around her and drew her close to kiss. Their lips touched lightly for a few seconds, and then their mouths opened and their tongues met. Kate squirmed, against Mark, amazed at how turned on she was. 

Tim watched numbly as the big man held his wife. Her pleasure was obvious; her rosy nipples were stiff, and she moaned and sighed as they kissed.

"Come on lover... we get to play too, you know," Suzanne said, as she put her arms around Tim, and pulling him to her, began to kiss him.

Tim wasn't sure where this was going, but Suzanne's body felt incredible again his. He felt her soft round tits against his chest, her arms around him, her tongue slipping into this mouth. As they kissed he felt his cock getting hard. Suzanne reached down to position him, then pulled his body tight to hers, his cock squeezed between them. He began moving his hips. His cock grew harder and harder as he rubbed it against Suzanne, and soon it was leaving a trail of pre-cum on her soft skin.

After a while Suzanne broke their kiss and stepped back. They looked over at Kate and Mark.

Kate had slid down into a reclining position, her head resting on Mark's chest. One small hand was wrapped around his cock, stroking gently, Her mouth was stretched around his cock head, her tongue swirling around the tip, tasting his pre-cum. She made slurping sounds as she bobbed her head, her saliva running down his thick shaft.

Mark had reached a long arm behind and under Kate. He had on finger inside her pussy while the others pressed over her clit. Mark was moving his fingers with a slow circular motion, and Tim could see that they were already glistening with the juices from Kate's wet pussy.

Mark reach down with his other hand to pinch and pull her stiff nipples, sending shivers down her body.

Suzanne pulled Tim back to her and kissed him again, her mouth wet against his. Then she guided his head downward, offering him her stiff brown nipples, which he greedily sucked. He cupped his hand over her mound, feeling her soft bush, inserting his fingers into her wetness. Suzanne settled down on the floor and let Tim pleasure her, sliding his fingers in and out of her, flicking his tongue over her nipples, then sucking and nipping them, pulling them with his lips and teeth.

Tim slid out his fingers and sucked on them, savoring her taste. Suzanne glanced briefly at the pair on the loveseat, then turned her attention back to Tim. Rolling him over, she positioned her hot pussy over his mouth, and took his cock into her own. She ground her wet mound against Tim's face, and he began to lick and suck on her swollen lips. Meanwhile, she took his shaft deep into her mouth. Suzanne was used to struggling to take as much of Mark's cock as possible; with Tim, she was able to take his whole cock into her throat.

Tim was in heaven... Suzanne's wonderful, sexy body was pressed against his, her tits mashed against him as she deep-throated his throbbing cock. She was bucking against his face as he ate her hot pussy. He could hear Kate and Mark gasping and moaning, and it increased his own excitement.

Suzanne let out a deep moan, vibrating the length of Tim's cock. She began to thrash wildly, convulsing as a huge orgasm took her. Tim's face was drenched with her juices, as he tried to lap up as much as he could. 

As her orgasm subsided, she began to bob her head furiously up and down, milking Tim's cock. "I'm so close to cumming," he said, his face still buried between Suzanne's legs. 

Tim was used to warning Kate of his pending orgasm. Kate would usually take her mouth from his cock, and finish him with her hands. Suzanne, on the other hand, increased her speed, sucking him harder and faster. She cupped his balls in her hand and squeezed them gently as she sucked him. Unable to hold back, Tim felt his balls tighten, his shaft start to throb, and then he unleashed spurt after spurt of his cum into Suzanne's hot wet mouth.

Suzanne gently sucked Tim's cock clean, and they separated, their breathing slowly returning to normal. 

"You are so fucking hot, Tim!" Suzanne said with a lascivious smile. "I'm going to want more of that."

They turned to watch Mark and Suzanne, who we once again kissing passionately. Kate's hand was striking rapidly up and down Mark's cock, as his fingers made wet squishing sounds on her pussy. 

Her body began thrashing as his fingers brought her closer and closer to orgasm. 

"Oh yeah, make me cum you fucker!" she gasped out, just before flooding his fingers with her orgasmic juices.

Barely stopping to catch her breath she began jerking his cock fiercely, twisting her hand with each stroke to spread his precum and her saliva over his entire shaft. Mark leaned back and groaned, and moments later a great gob of cum shot from his cock, splattering Kate's tits, followed instantly by another spurt.

Kate swung her leg over Mark, straddling him, and sank down until the think head of his cock was nestled at her wet hole. His cum sprayed over her flat tummy and her pussy as she mounted him, leaving much of her body glazed with his sticky fluid.

She rocked her hips, taking more of his cock into her dripping pussy, settling down on his shaft before it could soften, and catching the last spurts of his orgasm deep inside her. She leaned forward and pressed her body against his as she started to move, riding him before he could lose his erection. Despite having just cum, Mark was fully hard again almost immediately. 

Kate moaned in pleasure at the feeling of Mark's enormous shaft stretching her pussy and filling her as she rode him. 

Tim watched his wife, who was covered in Mark's cum and bouncing up and down on his cock with complete sexual abandon. He felt Suzanne's body press against his, her fingers wrapping around his cock. 

"Think you're ready for another round, lover?"

He felt Suzanne's warm lips wrap around his cock and looked down to see her slowly bobbing her head, slurping up and down his shaft as her tongue massage the head of his cock.

After a moments Tim reluctantly pulled Suzanne off his cock and positioned her on her hands and knees, facing the loveseat. He knelt behind her and positioned the head of his cock at her gaping cunt. With on thrust, he drove his full length into her, his balls slapping against her. He leaned forward and reached around her, taking her swaying tits in his hands. He held tightly onto her tits, pulling and twisting her nipples, as he began to fuck her.

Positioned as they were, both Tim and Suzanne had an incredible view of Kate riding Mark's cock. They could see her cream running down his shaft and drenching his balls as her pussy lips sucked up and down his cock. The smell of sex filled the room, and both women were moaning. 

Kate sensed Mark looking over her shoulder, watching his wife writhing and moaning as Tim fucked her. Kate slid of Mark and turned around. He helped her settle back onto his, this time facing Kate and Tim, and gradually worked his cock back into her. Kate leaned forward, resting her hands on her knees, as Mark gripped her hips and began to slam her small body up and down on his throbbing cock.

The girls faces were just inches from one another. Suzanne could literally feel the heat of Kate's labored breathing on her face. 

Kate seemed totally out of control, her body trembling and shaking. She snarled and moaned, spitting out words, "fuck... cunt fucking full... oh fuck... cum... fucking cum..."

Kate had never dreamed how turned on she would be by the site on her best friend being ravaged by her husband. Her pussy was drenched, and each time Tim thrust into her it was like an electric charge taking her to a higher level of excitement. She could feel her juices literally running down her thighs. 

"Oh my god Tim I'm gonna cum!"

Tim sped up, his cock moving continuous in and out, exciting every nerve ending in her swollen pussy. Suzanne was suspended at the peak of arousal, knowing she was seconds way from an incredible orgasm. Tim pinched hard on her nipples, and Suzanne screamed as she came, wave after wave of pleasure filling her body. She was dimly aware of Tim's hot semen flooding her pussy, his cock still moving in her, her orgasm going on and on.

Mark could not believe how beautiful Suzanne looked as she orgasmed. It really didn't matter that another man was fucking her; the site of her cumming was the hottest thing her had ever seen. Unable to hold back, he pulled Kate down onto his cock and held her there as he came, his big balls emptying into her tight pussy. He reached his hand around her and rubbed her clit as he held her impaled on his shaft.

Kate's senses were on overload, She watched her husband fucking her best friend, making her cum, cumming in her pussy. She felt Mark's cock erupting in her, flooding her insides with his jism. His fingers, still wet with her juices, rubbed over her clit, and suddenly she was cumming, her scream mingling with Suzanne's.

The room grew quiet, except for the heaving breathing of the two couples. 

Mark helped Kate ease of his cock, which was still partially erect. She slid to the floor, just as Suzanne slumped forward. The two women hugged, their bodies sticky and slick with sweat. For a moment they just enjoyed the pleasure of one another's touch before turning back to the men.

Mark joined everyone else on the floor, and leaned over to softly kiss Kate.

Tim and Suzanne laid down side by side, caressing one another and lightly kissing.

"Well, I think that worked out rather nicely," Mark quipped. There were murmurs of exhausted agreement from the others. 

After a while Suzanne stood, her legs a little shaky, and held out a hand to help Kate to her feet. She led the smaller woman to Tim, and placed her hand in his. 

"Tim, you are a hot, sexy, lover, and I can't believe how hard you made me cum. And Kate, from what I saw just now, you are a woman who any man would love to fuck. Now, the two of you need to give each other the same attention and intensity you gave Mark and me."

Tim smiled at Suzanne. "Thank you. You really are incredible." He began to lead Kate to the stairs up to their bedroom.

"No you don't." Suzanne stopped him. "Sorry, but like Mark said, this is was all going to be open and shared. Nobody is leaving yet."

With that she drew her husband Mark to his feet. Mark kissed her passionately, putting all his intense feelings into the kiss. He lowered her to the floor, his cock once again growing stiff with excitement. She spread her legs wide for him, and he mounted her. She gasped as he drove his cock into her, filling her completely, almost painfully. He began to fuck her. Despite having just cum twice with Kate, he was overcome by an urgent need to make love to his wife.

Tim felt Kate's fingers softly stroking his cock. He turned and kissed her, and then slid to the floor together. Kate squeezed his cock, pulling it and guiding it into her wetness. As he slid into her, she announced loudly, "God I want to cum with your cock in me!"

The room was soon filled with gasps and moans. Tim and Mark thrust into their wives, matching stroke for stroke. The women, sensing how much it was turning the men on, loudly begged for them to keep fucking. Kate felt Suzanne's hand reaching for hers and took it. They held hands, savoring a sense of connection and sharing as their husbands rode them.

The room was still charged with sexual energy, filled with the sounds and smells of sex, but it was also filled with a sense of mutual caring and the two couples shared and intimate connection. 

It wasn't long before the two men were moving faster, the women lifting their hips to meet their thrusts. Everyone seemed to feed off the excitement of the others as they raced together toward orgasm.

Kate and Suzanne cried out, almost in unison, as they came, and moments later Tim and Mark added their own voices, as they filled their wives with their cum.

* * * * * 

Completely spent, the four friends collapsed together on the floor. 

After a while Tim said, "God I hope it's clear enough to ski tomorrow. My body can't take much more of this!"

"Hmmm," replied Mark, "maybe you should ask Suzanne for a massage to loosen up those sore muscles."

Kate reached over and punched his arm.

"Hey, be nice you guys," said Suzanne. "I think we've finally figured out how to make this work!"

* * * * *

If you liked the "Ski Cabin" stories, please let me know!