 [Stories in this series were an attempt to write about sex from a woman's perspective. I really did want to write about an older woman who becomes a willing, insatiable slut for men with big cocks. I plan to drive this to the end of the string if there's a response and a demand. Along the way special thanks for to Annette Bishop, silkstockingslover and Dazmine. Enjoy, and feedback is encouraged and welcome.]

*

All right gentlemen, it's time to pull out your cocks and get ready to stroke. (While I also want to titillate you ladies out there, I know most of my readers are guys. If this gets you wet, ladies, let me know!) I want to start by getting you hard and ready. My name's Alana Mills. I'm 42, divorced, mother of a young married man with a big dick and two daughters -- one of whom is my Mistress and has set me up with numerous sexual adventures. I've become a Size Queen since my divorce -- or, more correctly, since shortly after my divorce when my friend Sherrie showed me that my sexual issues were more correctly due to my ex's 4 inch dick and not some failure on my part. Sherrie introduced me to a world of unbridled lust. I went from your average housewife to a MILF in rapid order. Now I have a stable of big cocked young men from my neighborhood who visit my house regularly and fuck me silly, as well as a regular membership in a male sex club where I serve as a cumdump sex toy for some gorgeous guys with big cocks.

If that's not enough, I should let you know that I also swing with women. Basically, I am willing to bring pleasure to who ever is in front of me. If it's a cock, I have multiple available locations; if it's a pussy I have fingers and a willing mouth.

Are you hard yet? If what you need is something visual, let me describe myself. I'm five foot, ten inches tall, and a lot of that is leg. I exercise vigorously every day, and I have long, tanned legs that meet up with a shaved pussy and a very shapely ass (if I do say so myself). And for you tit men reading, they are 38D with nipples that grow to almost an inch long. Long enough for me to suck on them myself on those increasingly rare occasions when there's no one around to take care of my needs except little old me. 

By the way, I do that with a growing collection of toys and devices. In addition to a variety of butt plugs, I have a growing set of insertables -- lifelike cocks that start at nine inches and get bigger, as well as vibrators that fill and stretch me and only resemble dicks because of a phallic shape, not because they've been sculpted. I recently picked up nipple clamps but haven't gotten up the courage to try them on myself; I have a Magic Wand which completes the sensations when I have my ass full of a butt plug, my cunt stretched around a thick fuck stick and my clit needs attention. It's a good thing that the story about masturbation causing blindness is just a story or I would have been sightless months ago!

I love to please, and I love to cum. Even better, I can cum while I am pleasing -- having a giant cock jammed into my throat begin to pump its load never fails to get me off! A blast of hot sperm up my butt has also become a sure source of orgasm. And on those occasions where I have multiple cocks in me, it's almost a non-stop orgasm. I've passed out more than a few times from the intensity!

I don't hate you if your dick doesn't measure up -- I sort of pity you. You probably worry about whether your can actually get a woman off by fucking -- and if your wife or girlfriend has said you do, then know they are lying to you. That's a tough thing. Sorry to hear about it. In any case, you have your places and skills. Hell, my ex could eat me out like no one else! I guess it's called compensating. You just have no place in my world (except maybe right where you are, stroking and pumping as you read this).

In any case, whether you are hung like John Holmes (I know, I'm dating myself) or my ex, pull it out and start stroking it for me. If I was there right now, you might imagine me on my knees between your legs, staring in rapt attention at your hand as it massages your dick. Like a deer in the headlights, I wouldn't be able to take my eyes away, and you would be able to see the signs that I was aroused -- my nipples would grow longer. My pussy would actually begin to drip, and my left hand would reach down to play with my clit (I'm left handed.) My other hand would grab my left boob and play with the nipple. The effect you would be having on me would be one of complete control. You could command me to do anything. Suck your cock. Suck your balls. Throw your legs up in the air and tongue your tiny little asshole. If you wanted it, all you would have to do is tell me. I would perform for you.

I bet you would want me to suck your dick. If you're hung, I would. If not, use your imagination but know it would never happen. I would take my time licking your big fuckstick. Getting it soaked with my saliva so I could run my hand smoothly up and down while sucking it into my mouth. Did I mention that I've learned to deep throat? No? Well, guess what? I haven't met a cock that won't fit into my throat. If you're hung, you deserve no less! So yes, you could grab my hair, pull my head onto your dick and fuck my face. Hard! You want me to make noise -- I will. You want me to be silent and just take it? I will! You want me to gag on that big dick of yours? I can fake that now! I want your cum! I will do whatever I have to to get it. 

Did you know that your prostate is very sensitive? Of course you did. But I'm one of the few women who not only knows it, but knows how to find exactly the spot to rub so your orgasm will rock your world! I'll rim your ass to get it wet, then insert a finger or two when I go back to sucking your dick and soon you'll be filling my throat with your hot, stick cum! And I will drink it all and keep going until you're hard again!

Like it so far? Because that would be just the beginning of our night! Right now, all this description has my pussy wet and I need to take a break and do something very deep and personal. Use your imagination, and I'll be back.

Oh. My. That was a welcome relief. I can sort of concentrate on my writing again. Here's what's become an issue of late -- I thought I was going way outside my comfort zone, but I want more! I've had overnight gang bangs where every hole was filled non-stop and I was soaked in sperm; I've been toyed with and forced to obey some very perverted wishes. My Mistress (my daughter) had a head start on lust and when she's in charge I'm amazed at what she's come up with. Or has up in me! But I know there's more. It's now gotten to a "been there, done that" thought whether I'm stuffed airtight with big dicks and jerking off two more, or just getting my ass destroyed by guys with huge cocks. 

There's a bigger thrill available, I just know it. And I want it. Bad.

As usual, when I'm perplexed like this, I call my friend Sherrie. 

"Hi, Sherrie" I said when she picked up the phone. "It's...

"The size queen cum dump I created, I know!" She laughed. I felt a tingle and a moistening. 

"Damn, keep talking dirty to me! I like that! I felt that!" I said.

"Well, slut, how many dicks have you swallowed so far this week? Any hole they haven't fucked? I know -- we could finally make use of your ex and have him bang your ear!" We both broke up laughing. And my left hand was now playing with the lips of my cunt. 

"Hey, Sherrie. While I love the praise -- it's made me wet, as you can imagine -- I'm calling for advice. Or something." 

"Uh-oh. I really have created a monster!"

"Uh, no, just a nymphomaniac with a preference for extremely well-endowed men and a liking for juicy pussy. Is that a monster?"

"Hmm...by that standard, I'm heading down that tunnel myself. Okay, what's on your mind? Do I need to tell you to take your fingers out of your cunt and concentrate, or will you do that on your own?" She knows me well!

"All right. I'll just drip while I talk. But no touching for now."

"Damn it, you've got ME wet now! Anyway, what's on your mind besides your next orgasm?" She asked.

"I don't know where to start. But it's like this -- I want more. And I don't know what I want. I mean, I had a night the other night with five guys, and even while they had me full of big, thick cocks in every hole, and I had one in each hand, I heard myself thinking about how it was familiar, and how I'd been there, done that. It was weird and now I can't stop thinking about how weird it was."

"I understand. I do, Alana. So the first thing is this: calm the fuck down! You did the right thing by calling me. Hell, talking to anyone, for that matter, would help any time you get to these places, but you know I won't judge you. I think you have a few other folks you can use if I'm not available, by the way. For now, though, it's us. And, I hate to sound trite, but you're okay. Can you start by letting that in?"

"I think so. Yeah. I am okay. But it's a weird problem, isn't it?" I asked.

"No. It's not all that weird. Because it isn't about the sex." She replied.

"WHAT?! What do you mean?" I was shocked.

"It's far more subtle, honey. I'm going to bet that you wanted something and didn't get it. And because you didn't get it, your mind took you away from the feelings you normally get when you are surrounded by big dicks. I mean, I've watched you surrender to the thrills, and when you do you cum if someone looks at you, let alone shoves his big cock into you. You get off sucking cock and eating pussy -- when you are enjoying the sensations. Well, the thing that has you stop living in the sensations is your mind! You started thinking instead of feeling."

"That sounds right. But what do you mean about wanting something and not getting it? I'm not sure about that -- what makes you say that?"

"Personal experience, mostly. There was a time I was getting ganged. I mean, I set it up so I had 8 young studs there, and every time one of my holes was empty, it got filled up again. I was humming along, fucking, sucking and cumming continuously. Then all of a sudden, I was wondering what the fuck I was doing. Instead of a magical night filled with cock, it was more like work to get them off."

"What happened?" I asked

"It took me some time to figure it out. I mean, I had to try to relive it, going back from that moment. And I found it -- instead of cumming up my ass and filling me, one of the guys pulled out and came on my back. While it had happened before -- you've seen me covered in cum a few times -- for that night, it wasn't what I wanted. And I didn't say anything -- I just let the guys keep doing me. I was disappointed and couldn't see it fast enough to talk about it. It messed with my head for a day or two. Kind of like you, right now. So tell me -- either something happened you didn't want, or something didn't happen that you wanted. Which was it?" She paused. And stayed silent while I looked.

"It's going to sound weird, but I remember wanting them to stop treating me like I would break and just fuck the shit out of me! They were being too nice. Could that be? What does that mean?"

"It means you wanted them to fuck the shit out of you -- that's all. Maybe it means you want to be treated more like a slut than a princess."

"That's it! I wanted them to treat me like dirt; making me do whatever they wanted. Like I'm a bad girl."

"Like a no good, unworthy, cum slut?" 

"Exactly! How did you know?"

"You told me. It was all there. I've watched you -- all you seem to want is to please everyone you are with. You eat pussy. You suck ass. You'll do any dick any way -- now you have to embrace who you are that would be like that. It's not real. You're still you; you are still the mother of your kids -- but a part of you just wants to be used. Maybe even abused. Not the way you set up the guys with the Princess -- you want to be used, without any conditions."

"Oh my god, that's it! What now? Any ideas?" 

"I've got something in mind, but you are going to have to trust me. Because if we do this, you won't have a lot of say."

"Yes! Yes! Make this happen!" I was trembling. My cunt was gushing. 

"Go play with yourself. I can hear you need to. I'll be by this evening to pick you up. Short skirt. Low cut blouse. I recommend you leave the underwear home. Oh yeah, pack a bag with a set of clothes for afterwards. Oh yeah, bring enough money so you can take a cab home from across town. Later" She hung up.

Hanging up the phone, I spread my legs wide and began to fuck my cunt with the the three fingers of me left hand, and rubbed my clit with my right. I started cumming immediately and kept it up as long as possible. I finally stopped, out of breath and completely satisfied. I went upstairs, took a shower and a nap.

Waking up, I spent time on my makeup and hair. I never wear a bra, so that was easy. I decided to wear garters and stocking, a short black skirt and a top that tied around my neck and just covered my boobs, leaving lots of visible skin. If I bent the right way, my nipples would be easily visible in addition to showing up through the fabric. I thought it was obvious that I was out to get laid. 

Sherrie walked in as I was finishing. (She has complete freedom to enter my house). She looked me up and down, and smiled. 

"Am I okay?" I asked.

"You'll do fine. Let's go." She turned and walked out. I grabbed my bag and followed. I sat in the car and just tried to relax as she drove. We were in a part of town I wasn't very familiar with; she parked and took me by the hand and we walked to what was obviously a bar. Stepping inside, the low lighting took a moment to get used to. And then I saw that we were the only two white faces in the place. I've fucked black guys, but something was different. My cunt was suddenly wet, and my nipples were hard. I licked my lips as we went to the bar.

"Ho, Sherrie, she's something! You weren't lying to me!" This from a very large, well built, handsome black man. He smiled at me and I started tingling. It was strange, but all I wanted to do was please him.

"Yeah, Donnie, I figured she'd be appreciated." Said Sherrie. "Put her in a cab when y'all are done." With that, she kissed his cheek and turned to me. 

"Okay, slut, this is what you need." She smacked my ass and left.

"Come here, slut. Come to Donnie." He lifted his arm, and I went to his side.

"Hey, everyone, this is Alana. She's here for the night." I looked around the bar and saw about 12 black men and a few women as well. "Lock the door and let's get this party started."

He looked at me. "You are ours tonight. You're here to make us all happy. Understand?"

I nodded. I didn't even try to speak. 

"Good. Now put your hands up on the bar, and lean forward. Stick out that ass and just stand there." I followed his instruction and felt my cunt dripping as I did it. 

His hand rubbed up the back of my thigh and lifted the back of my skirt to display my ass to the room. Flipping the skirt on my back, his hands took my ass cheeks and spread them, exposing my ass hole and flashing my pussy to them all. 

"Look at that! She's dripping cunt juice already. We got a hot one here, all right. Who wants a taste of that pussy?"

I heard a woman's voice, with the kind of rasp that says "smoker". "I want it, Donnie."

"Well, don't be shy Nan. Let's see you take it!" I felt a woman's hands work up the inside of my thighs. They were trembling. Her hands worked around my pussy, teasing it. I felt warmth down there as she bent forward and began to breath on it. 

"Nice and clean. No hair to get in my teeth. My kind of slut." And then her mouth was fastened to my pussy lips and I let out a long sigh. I arched my back to get more of it in her mouth, and my boobs strained against my top. 

"Hey Donnie, let's see those tits. They look nice and big. Those nipples are the biggest I've seen!" I felt hands on my blouse, pulling it to the sides so my boobs were suddenly visible, framed by the fabric of my blouse. I was now moaning, my eyes closed, my mind centered on the sensations of my body. I felt a number of hands on my body. My ass cheeks were being squeezed; my boobs were being pulled and stretched and twisted, and all the while Nan's mouth on my cunt was pressing harder and harder. Then her tongue was up my slit, fucking me deeply, and when a finger touched my clit I started cumming.

"Damn! Look at her cum! She's gonna be a real treat tonight!" I heard a lot of agreement. I also heard clothing being removed. Zippers unzipping. 

"Okay, bitch, take off the skirt and blouse -- but leave those stockings on -- and turn around so everyone can see what you look like."

I had no choice but to comply. I turned to face the room and the sea of naked black flesh it held. My first impulse was to cover myself, but instead I grabbed my boobs and held them out like some sort of offering. I spread my legs and thrust my pussy forward. 

"I'm here. I'm yours." A cheer went up.

"Then get on your knees, bitch, and look up at your masters." Said Donnie, gesturing to some padding at his feet. From my knees, I saw an army of black cock. I looked at each one. My mouth watered. One or two of them were just average sized, but all of them were big. A couple were bigger than any I had ever fucked or sucked. I reached out to the closest two, stroking them, feeling them grow even harder in my hands. I decided I was going to play this how I wanted, so I opened my mouth and without hesitating buried a nine inch cock in my throat and my face in his pubes. They smelled a bit of sweat and urine, but the gasp I heard from the room made up for that. 

"Damn!" "Oh, she's good." "Wonder if she can do that for Henry and Johnnie." I just started bobbing my head as I listened. I kept stroking the original cock I had touched and grabbed another. It was amazingly thick. 

I felt hands on the back of my head, pulling me down on that first cock. Then those hands grabbed the sides of my head and he began to fuck my face. I just let him. I gave up all thoughts of anything other than letting him pound my throat, making him happy, sucking the cum out of his cock. I was just beginning to get aroused again when he pulled my head into his crotch and I felt his cock pulsing and twitching, his balls emptying down my throat as he groaned. I held my breath and let him do me. I wanted everyone to see I could take it and I wanted it.

Finally he let go of my head and pulled back. His still dripping cock came out of my mouth and he rubbed it all over my face. I smiled up at him. Then he was pushed aside and I pulled over the one I had been stroking. I made sure I was looking at his face as I opened my mouth and swallowed his cock to the root. I watched the expression of amazement on his face, and then began to use my mouth like my pussy. His eyes closed as he gave in to the sensations.

Meanwhile, I again had a cock in either hand, caressing and stroking. The new one was big. Really big. He had to be over a foot long! I kept it up with my mouth and my hands as I felt hands elsewhere on my body. 

I had a pair of hands on each boob. The one on the right was being stroked and gently massaged. The one on the left was being squeezed and the nipple was being pulled and twisted. The different sensations were amazing. They were added to by the hands on my ass cheeks, the finger invading my rear hole, and the fingers now playing with my cunt hole. I was being used by I don't know how many and I knew more were waiting their turn. I just gave in to it. 

The most recent cock in my mouth started cumming when he pulled back; his hot, salty cum was filling my mouth and dripping out around it. I swallowed as much and as quickly as I could, but some still dripped onto my tits. And then the smaller cock in my hand started cumming, and I directed it towards my chest when I was suddenly slapped!
