 Stories in this series were an attempt to write about sex from a woman's perspective. I really did want to write about an older woman who becomes a willing, insatiable slut for men with big cocks. I'm finding I still have lots to learn to match imagination with the demands of the world. In this day and age, unprotected sex is not recommended - but it certainly makes for better action in fiction. Be safe! Enjoy, and feedback is encouraged and welcome.

*****

I finally thought I was ready. Ready to jump full-blown into the world of big cocks. There I was, 42, recently divorced from a man with a tiny dick and amazed by two big cocks and a host of other experiences with friends. I was discovering that I just wanted to please others however they wanted. I'd become adept at oral sex with my best friend Sherrie and my daughter (my Mistress); I'd found out my throat would take a big cock (and more importantly, that I craved it); that my pussy wasn't ever going to be satisfied by anything less than 9 inches of man-meat ever again, and that my ass was ready for breaking in. In other words, I wanted big cocks and lots of them. 

I had fucked the first one I met (a cute 20 year old friend of my daughter) and sucked off the second one (an older black man who owned the local Adult Video store). I expected to see more of both. I had more orgasms on those two occasions than I had had in 20 years of fucking my husband. I will say this on his behalf: he was an amazing pussy eater! If I could have kept his tongue and divorced his dick, I would have. Sadly, however, his big boobed secretary got both. I kept the house, the car and also got a comfortable alimony so I didn't have to work. 

As I kept discovering what got my pussy wet and juicy, I found myself more and more fascinated by both erotic writing and video porn. I spent hours online, reading on all sorts of subjects at Literotica, and then locating examples. I started out reading about big cocks and got a sense that guys who had them were often Alpha males. That started my juices flowing, enough to make me pull out a vibrator and put it to use. Then I began to read up on other things - glory holes, gang bangs, bisexuality and pussy eating, cumsluts, dominance and submission, incest (after all, I was now my daughter's personal pussy muncher), and more. I wasn't excited by things like facials - I couldn't see wasting all that precious sperm - or non-consensual sex, and the hypnosis stuff bored me to tears. I was just amazed at all the things people could tget off with.

I was really amazed at how the stories about one woman and multiple cocks aroused me. I kept losing it as I imagined a roomful of guys with large, pre-cum dripping erections all wanting to have a piece of me, and then how that would feel. I never got to the end of any of those stories without multiple orgasms. I just kept returning to them; the idea of being the center of the lust of what were clearly superior males was thrilling, as was the idea of giving them the most pleasurable experience possible. And, of course, I believed the authors about how getting DP'd and airtight would be the ultimate experience - especially when it meant so much cock filling me up. As I write this my cunt is dripping!

Then I used the video links from that site to find the visuals. Initially, though, the movies weren't as exciting as the stories - I figured it out, pretty quickly, though. Reading let me put myself into the woman's place, but the videos didn't let me participate that way. That was all it took - I began to look for gangbang films all over. I discovered a couple of interracial sites that seemed to give truth to the stories about black guys having bigger dicks. I remained skeptical, but also interested as I began to imagine the contrast between their skin and mine. 

I kept searching online. I discovered all the webcam videos of women masturbating - and I found myself watching them. I could have taken notes - but instead, I would attempt to do the things they did and see if they worked on me. I wantd to discover everything that made me happy. I would watch one or two; pause the video feed and then see if pinching my nipples aroused me (it did), or if attempting to fill my pussy with 3 fingers got me off (it did), or if I was able to lick my own nipples (I couldn't). Using my new butt plugs, dildos and vibrators, I found that I got off with all of them individually and together. But I also knew something was missing; I was doing all the work. I had to pump my own pussy with a dildo. I had to manipulate my clit, and I saw that what I really wanted was to have that all done to me. 

I kept searching the internet. I found Craigslist, and located the version for my area. Then I zoomed in on the personals, and got really interested. I was working out the wording for what I would put online (and wondering about whether I could get pictures of myself included) when I found an ad that caught my eye. It was accompanied by a series of pictures showing one woman and many men in a variety of situations (and still kept her identity secret); being made airtight, on her knees surrounded by at least 6 large cocks, and more. The title was "princess pleasures".

"Your desires and your curiosity brought you to this ad. You may be married looking for more, a single ready to push your limits, or simply a highly sexual woman aching for passion and lust without limits - looking to fulfill your deepest fantasies - you are on the verge of a new world with us.

We consist of a network of successful, well-educated, well-endowed men who are committed to helping you fulfill your deepest lusts and desires without judgement. All of us are regularly tested and certified STD free, and will make sure you receive proof. We will meet with you ahead of time to set boundaries and make sure you are confident and feel safe while letting our men have full access to you. You work with us ahead of time to define your limits, and then our men are there for your pleasure. Imagine hot, hung studs treating you as a goddess; worshipping every inch of you, every erogenous zone, every fold and crevice. You will experience intense pleasures you never believed possible and we won't stop until you do.

We are here for your pleasure. If you are interested, or even if you are curious, let us know and we will arrange to speak with you and guide you through what we offer to see if this is what you really want. We think it is."

Da-yum! It sounded like I had just hit the jackpot - I would get what I wanted, from hot adoring men who I would in turn pay homage to with every part of my body. Could it be? 

Writing the reply took a long time - I had to stop and rewrite it too many times. My first one was just down and out dirty (how many cocks can I get and how long can it last?), followed by a rough application of my Magic Wand and an orgasm; then I thought better of it, but my next attempt was just as blunt (how many orgasms do you promise?) and again, I needed to pay attention to my dripping pussy. 

Finally, I decided to take it slowly despite how hot it sounded, and replied with "I am very, very interested and anxious to proceed, but I have questions." I signed my first name and pressed send. Within 10 minutes my inbox had a new email from princess pleasures.

"Hi Alana,

You can call me Slade (we use first names to preserve the anonymity of our participants). If you wish to adopt a club name, please let me know. For now, I am the only one you will be interacting with to get your questions answered. 

As you might imagine from the online ad, what we offer is to make you the center of attention for as many men as you wish. Their purpose will be your pleasure. We have been at this for 3 year now, and have a network of men who are all screened ahead of time. All are around 6 feet tall, handsome, fit, and well-endowed. We have had many princesses over that period, and most have chosen to repeat the experience. 

If you would like to meet and pursue your questions, we offer a discrete interview process. Two other men from our team would join us for lunch in a public but exclusive location where we can answer your questions and provide more details. If you are amenable, then give me a call and we will set a time and date.

Slade" 

He had included his cell phone, and I immediately dialed. "Hello, Slade?"

"Yes, Alana, my princess," he said in a baritone that set me tingling. "I'm so delighted to speak with you. I can set up a lunch meeting for next with two other men from our group. That should give you time to visit a doctor for STD examination and certification. How does that sound?"

"Can I bring a friend?" I asked. "I have a very close friend who I know will want to join us." I could just imagine Sherrie's reaction!

"Hmmm," he practically purred, "we've only interviewed one woman at a time before, but if we aren't going to be adventurous we can't really expect you to be, now, can we? And her name is..." 

"Sherrie. She and I have some very similar tastes and desires. Is there anything special we need to know for lunch tomorrow?"

"First of all, we won't be able to meet tomorrow. You will need a week to get tested for STDs and be able to show up with the proper paperwork. We take that very seriously. Our luncheon location is discrete and safe, so if you would consider wearing something comfortable and revealing, I think we'll all be happy. We meet in the Masters Suite at the Evancere Hotel, downtown. It's actually where we hold almost all of our affairs. Can we look forward to seeing you both a week from today at about 1? Oh yes, if you can plan to stay for the afternoon, then we can conduct a leisurely interview conversation. Otherwise we'll let a quickie suffice. See you both then!"

Now I was definitely tingling all over, but especially deeply between my legs. I slowly stroked my outer lips as I got Sherrie on the phone. "Are you at your computer?" I asked. 

"I need you to see something, and the only way I know is to direct you there."

"Yes, I was just working on my budget."

"Save your work, and then go to Craigslist. Under the Personals, look for Casual Encounters, and then find the mmw category. Tell me when you get there." I used the time to slowly insert a finger in between my lips and began to whirl it about. I moaned.

"Alana! Are you masturbating? With me on the phone?"

"No. I'm just stirring things up a bit. Are you there?" I heard her say yes. "Now click on the one that says Princess Pleasures and read it." 

I heard a low sound. Then a gasp and a moan. 

"We are meeting with three men from their group in one week at the Masters Suite at the Evancere Hotel. Between now and then we need to get tested for STDs and bring the paperwork to the interview. I was going to go alone but I figured you would never forgive me. Slade told me they've never met with two women for the initial interview before. I am so turned on that it's taking everything I can to just have this conversation with you."

"Oh! My! God! Now I'm dripping! Three handsome studs for lunch? Are we going to ask questions or just get laid?"

"Supposedly just to get our questions answered and discuss our limits, but I'm sure hoping for some major manmeat as well! Oh yes, Slade said to wear something comfortable and revealing. For starters, I'm thinking that means I'm leaving my panties at home. Let's hope I don't soak through what ever I do wear!"

"Maybe we ought make sure we have a change of clothes, just in case." She suggested. 

"Good idea. Now go back to your budget. I need to get off!" I laughed at my little double entendre as I hung up. Then I threw my legs over the arms of my chair, exposing my pussy, and proceeded to finger fuck myself and massage my clit until I came. The rest of the afternoon was a bit of a blur. I continued to play with myself and cum, then fell asleep and awoke to thought of what might happen, and the whole thing would start over. 

Finally I had enough and slept for 4 hours, just until dark. I sat down to think through what I really wanted from them, and what questions I had.

I called Sherrie back. 

"Are you done pounding on your pussy?" She asked. 

"Yeah, for now. How about you?" I replied.

"Truthfully, I hope I am never done - but for now, I'm dry and rested. What's up?"

"I thought we might put our heads together and look at what we would like, what we'd love and what we wouldn't allow. And then maybe see if we had any questions or even special requests. You game?" 

"Boy, I unleashed a monster, didn't I? I'm coming over so we can do this without breaking our necks trying to keep our cellphones in place." She hung up, and about 5 minutes later I heard the front door open. I was in the kitchen making a sandwich, dressed only in sweats and a t-shirt. 

"Want something to eat?" I asked. Then I turned around, spread my legs and took an exaggerated look down. 

"No, honey, remember? I only eat meat!" She laughed, "But I will take some wine." With that she helped herself and sat at the kitchen table. I took my sandwich and joined her. 

"It sounds amazing, frankly," she said. "Could it be too good to be true? Maybe we should ask if we can speak to the women who've been with them." 

"Good idea," I said, "and we need to know about the STD issue - how are we supposed to verify their paperwork? The other thing I thought about was how do we stop things if it doesn't work?"

"They probably have a safe word we can use to stop things, and when we get tested we can get educated as well. My OB/GYN can handle all that." She answered. "I can't think of anything else to ask about, can you?"

"No, and I have the feeling we'll find out what we should have asked about after the fact. I guess mostly I want to be sure it will be safe. I want them to guarantee no filming or pictures on their personal phones - I'm not ready to show up on the internet as a porn actress. At least, not yet. Can we have them use only our phones for pictures? That would be good."

"Okay, so we have our questions. Now what do we want from them? I want to be adored. Worshipped. Pampered. And then fucked silly - how about you?"

I thought for a minute. "All of the above, and I want to have multiple cocks at the same time. All those things we've seen on video."

Sherrie's hand had slipped into her pants and I could see her fingering her cunt. Her nipples were hard and poking through her t-shirt. I had to do something for her. 

"If I didn't know better, I'd suspect you were horny as hell right now. But that can't be, because if you were you'd know all you had to do was take off your pants, spread your legs and I would devour that sweet pussy of yours. You know I love to make you happy."

"Get over here and get on your knees." She managed to say as she dropped her pants and panties. With her legs spread wide, her shaved pussy glistened with her moisture. All I could do was comply.

I first discovered my love for other women with Sherrie, and while I hadn't had an opportunity to repeat that performance up until now, I was more than ready. From my knees between her widespread legs, I leaned in and began to plant tiny kisses around the edges of her slit. Up and down and around, but never actually touching the lips or the clit. I loved driving her mad! As I was doing it, I reached up under her blouse and flipped her bra off her tits so I could caress them. I found her nipples and began to pinch and squeeze them as my mouth got closer and closer to her outer lips.

I kissed her lower lips, taking them between my lips and sliding them back and forth, pressing them together, tasting the juices that were now flowing from them. I worked my tongue into them.I licked the outer lips, then separated them from the inner lips, and then finally extended my tongue into her fuck hole. I began to attack her cunt, driving my tongue in and out of her as if it were a mini-cock . She was responding, moaning and shaking her head, her hips thrusting, her hands wrapped in my hair, pressing me into her. 

Then I stopped and moved up to her clit, working it with my lips and tongue, teasing it and stroking it, and at the same time twisting and pinching her long nipples. At that point she came beneath me, moaning and twisting and humping my face. It was glorious! It made me so happy that I could do that! I don't have any other way to say it - making my best friend cum made me happy!

"What about you," she muttered, her eyes still fluttering. "You know I don't..."

"I know you don't. Not needed." 

I went into the bedroom and came back out, naked, dripping wet, and carrying my favorite toys. Looking directly into Sherrie's eyes, I leaned back against the couch, spread my legs, and slowly inserted my newest dildo into my soaking pussy. This one was very life-like, 8 inches long and quite thick. I moaned as I inserted it, then adjusted the angle of my hips to let me stroke it in and out. Then I pulled out my "pocket rocket", turned it on and pressed it to my clit. It only took about a minute and I was cumming like crazy, all the while looking at Sherrie and seeing her awestruck face made it even sweeter. I don't know how long it lasted, but finally I pulled the toys away and flopped back, sated. This was how life had been going. 

"Sherrie, does this make me a slut?" I asked, half jokingly. "Or does the fact that my daughter is my Mistress, I've fucked her boyfriend, had sex with the clerk at the Adult Videos store and sucked off the owner of the Adult Videos store already qualify me?"

We both cracked up. After a bit, she got dressed and left, and I went back to my computer screen, looking for more possible experiences to have. I did eventually give up, eat, shower, and call it a night but not before I added a couple of things to my bucket list. 

We got to see her doctor the next day and got tested, agreeing to pick up the paperwork next week. Then it was back to life as usual for few days. I was getting more and more excited.

The day came, and I picked up Sherrie and we headed downtown. Arriving early enough, we parked, checked each other's appearance, got out of the car and went in. I spoke to the Concierge and asked for directions to the Masters Suite; we took the elevator to the top floor and walked down a well-appointed hallway to the double doors at the end. As I was about to knock, the door opened and there stood a very hot example of American man. 

"Ladies, I'm Slade, welcome and please come in. May I get you a drink?"

"White wine would be great," said Sherrie. "I'm Sherrie" 

"Which obviously means that she's Alana. Wonderful! With me today are Thomas and Andy," he said, pointing to his left and right. The three of them seemed cut from a similar mold; Slade was the tallest by about an inch, but both Thomas and Andy were over 6 feet tall. All three were handsome; Andy's red hair and green eyes immediately caught my eye, and I saw Sherrie giving Thomas's dark skin, shaved head and dark eyes a lingering examination. We tried to be subtle, but Slade stopped us.

"Ladies, it is perfectly all right to check us out. We expect it. We are used to it. And we all enjoy it. We all know we are good looking and some of our participants are actually models. We think the women we serve deserve the best. I'll start. I'm 6'3" tall, 220 pounds, and played semi-pro sports up until recently." With that he opened his shirt to reveal a gorgeous set of pecs, washboard abs, and light body hair. "If you don't mind, I'll keep my shirt off. Go ahead and stare if you want. And, while you are looking, can I see the certifications from your doctors?" 

We stared at his body and I felt that good old wetness begin between my legs. 

"Remember, Slade is just one of the guys," said Thomas, standing up and unbuttoning his dress shirt. "I, on the other hand, am a professional modell. Actually, I've also been in a few X-rated movies."
