 Stories in this series were an attempt to write about sex from a woman's perspective. I really did want to write about an older woman who becomes a willing, insatiable slut for men with big cocks. I plan to drive this to the end of the string if there's a response and a demand. Along the way special thanks for to Annette Bishop, silkstockingslover and Dazmine. Enjoy, and feedback is encouraged and welcome.

*****

Two days had passed since my friend Sherrie and I had spent a night with an group of hot, hunky guys with big cocks who filled every hole we had multiple times. The first day was spent in bed, sleeping, recovering, waking occasionally to eat or to pee. I ignored the phone. On the second day, I woke up and it was as if I was now a new woman.

I had slept naked. I got out of bed, stretched, feeling various aches and pains all over and in my body - but instead of upsetting me, they reminded me of all I had done. I looked at myself in my big mirror, and I liked what I saw: five foot, eleven inches of woman. At 42, I still had the body of a twenty year old, with some adjustments. My boobs were a lot larger than they had been back then, probably the result of having my three kids. They grew to make milk and then never lost their size. I wasn't complaining. My pubic hair was now gone, revealing the still-swollen lips of my pussy. My legs were long, my ass was tight. No gray in my hair. And most importantly, a room full of 110 hot men managed to get it up for me over and over. I might not have been irresistible - but I was hot enough for them.

More importantly, I had found out just how amazing big cocks could be and I wanted more! You could say I was addicted, and that had me pause for a moment. But when I looked I couldn't see a downside. You can't OD on sperm; you don't have to rob or kill to get some, and even if it was all I did, I didn't have a job that would suffer, or children I might neglect or civic duties where I might fail to perform. The only risk I could think of was disease, and after spending time with the men's club, I knew to insist on current documentation - or condoms! Just in case I wasn't thinking clearly enough, I figured I could check in with my friends (at least the two I knew who were of similar minds.)

I dialed Sherrie, my oldest and dearest friend from the neighborhood. We'd gone through our divorces together, raised our kids into the world together, and she was the one who turned me on to the joys of size. "Hello, slut! How are you?"

"Damn, woman, who you calling slut, you cumdump! I'm still amazed at how you took over the other night. Not only couldn't you get enough cock, you actually ate it out of my pussy! In front of 11 guys! If there's a true slut on this call, I'm talking to her."

"I suppose you're right." I answered. "And I'm ready for more! I cannot believe it. All I want is more! Do you think I'm in danger of becoming addicted?"

She laughed. "It's the least dangerous addiction I know of!"

"Actually, that was why I called you, Sherrie. I was really wondering if there would be any harm in just becoming a full-time size queen." There was silence on the other end of the phone. "I wanted your opinion."

"Wow. Do you know that I once dreamed about something like that? But I had to set it aside, since I'm still a working teacher and I have to protect my reputation. There's nothing better than a huge tool attached to a handsome man or two. Or, in our case, eleven. But I can't do it all the time."

"I know. But I can. No job, no need for one. No social ties. My daughter knows what a slut I am, and I suspect that pretty soon all three kids will know. Frankly, I don't care what they think. After what Robin and I have, it could get really interesting..." I paused to think for a minute. How close would I want it with my kids and their mates? It was something to think about. "The only down side I see is the chance of catching some disease, but now I know how to deal with certifications. I'm basically calling to find out if you had any things I should be watching for."

"Besides diseases, the only thing I ever worried about are big men getting out of hand. I don't mind name calling, but smacking and choking and things like that bother me. I would be a little worried about physical safety - some guys get off on hurting people. Especially women they have sex with. That would be the big issue for me."

That gave me pause. I hadn't looked that far ahead, either. Okay, that was something important. "I suppose I could just stick with Slade and his crew. They know how to treat women right." I said. 

"Yeah, but at what point are twenty year old men going to tired of a forty two year old MILF? Even one as enthusiastic as you? They aren't the final solution. But you could start there. Slade said they had a network of men. Maybe you could go through them and branch out from there. Oh God! I can't believe I'm telling my best friend how to find more men to fuck! This is pretty crazy!"

"But it's really helpful! Besides, if I know you, it's also arousing." I said with a laugh.

"Yeah, you know me. But I can't do anything about it now, since I have to go out."

"Such a shame." I replied. "You could have taken time to come over and let my tongue do a dance on that pussy of yours. Now you'll just have to walk around wet!" Laughing, I hung up the phone. 

My next call was to my new friend Annette Bishop. "Hi, Annette, it's me, Alana. Can you talk?"

"If you are going to tell me all about your night out - every juicy detail - then of course! How did it go?" She asked.

I launched into a detailed account of meeting a room of eleven hung studs, and how there was nothing we didn't do. How I sucked all of them at different times. How I had them fuck my pussy. My ass. How many times I could remember that I had a guy in every hole. How full of cum they made me and Sherrie, and then, haltingly, I let her know that I had Sherrie sit on my face so I could pull their cum from her cunt. And how that had revived them and how we kept going and going. When I finished, I didn't hear a reply, although I listened hard and heard that squishy sound of fingers pumping in an out of a wet pussy. Then I heard her moan deeply, squeal, and breathe heavy. 

"Shit, Alana, that was hot! It reminded me of my nights with those guys. And when you described how you went down on your friend, I lost it. You are quite the slut, aren't you?"

"Yeah, Annette, and that's why I'm calling. I'm really new at this but I want to continue. I just can't stop thinking about how amazing big dicks feel, and how once they start, all I want to do is make them happy. If that means they want my ass, my pussy, my mouth or all three, I'm happy to give them up. It's what I want to continue doing as often as I can. Do you think it's possible?"

"Hell, yes! Look, I used to read stories about women who traveled and met complete strangers for sex. And loved them, but thought they were simply made up. Until my husband and I started trading fantasies, and he encouraged me to do it. Now, whenever I travel, if it's to a city where I've gone and know someone already, I work during the day and screw my brains out at night. On my terms. If' I want one man or a bunch of them, I'm free to do it. It makes traveling worthwhile. I now hear from some authors who write up my adventures. It's amazingly rewarding, so go ahead! Is there anything I can help with?"

'You said your husband knows all about it? Would he be interested in playing?" 

"Well, he would, but just not the way you might think. He's kind of average sized, but one thing we like to do is indulge his taste for cock. It's one of the things he does that turns me on - he is a very good cock sucker. He might even compete with you. But I bet he could organize something for us. Would it be okay if I was there to watch? I like to play with myself in front of guys. And I love to watch him in action. And maybe you and I can see how we fit together..." She grew quiet to let me ponder that. 

"All of that sounds wonderful! Is there anything you worry about when you meet with strange guys?" I asked.

"That's part of what makes it so exciting. I do insist on current testing for STDs, and I meet them in public first to get a read on them, but other than that, I don't worry. Let me talk to my man and see if he wants to set this up. Do you have any numbers in mind?"

"If the other night was any measure, I'll take on all comers. Pun intended!" We laughed. 

After making arrangements to talk again in a day or so, we hung up. By that time I was as horny as I had ever been, so I got out my biggest dildo and my Magic Wand, and proceeded to get myself off, again and again. 

After a brief nap, I emailed Slade, the organizer of the princess parties. 

"Hi Slade,

First off, let say how exquisitely wonderful my time with you and your team was the other night. Completely fulfilling. And completely filling as well! Since you said you had a network of such men, I wanted to let you know that I would love the chance to meet and treat them all. If there are nights where there aren't any parties at the suite, I will be happy to be available. And not to be the mother figure for the younger ones, but to be everyone's hot mama. 

Second, if you want another testimonial to add to that video you showed us, then I'm more than will to "let it all hang out." No masks or aliases. You can even refer potential new participants to me to get their questions answered. 

Let me know when I can come again (pun intended),

Love, 

Alana"

After sending that off, I called my youngest daughter, Robin. She's also the only one who knows her mother is a slut. And she has complete control over me. (I've given it freely, by the way.) Since she was currently at work, I attempted to be somewhat discrete. 

"Minor's jewelry, Robin speaking. How may I help you?" She said, answering the phone. 

"Very simply, darling, you can find me more big cocks like your friend Andrew because your mother has become a size queen cum slut who has three holes that always need to be filled."

"I'm sorry that your ordered has been delayed." She ad-libbed. "Is there anything we can put in its place?"

"If you can't get me the real thing, have you got something really large that I could get my hands on. Something big to full up your mama's gaping cunt." I heard her choking on the other end of the phone. There was a pause before she responded.

"Certainly, madame, we keep such things discretely out of sight in drawers. You might want to consider that." She was giggling, trying to keep a straight face. 

"In your dresser drawer?" I asked. 

"I'm afraid not." She replied.

"In your night table?" 

"That would be correct, madame. Thanks once again for calling." We hung up and I went into her bedroom. It was pretty obvious which night table - the drawer on the one on the right side of the bed was partially open and electrical cords were coming out.  

When I opened it, it took a minute to register the contents. I started chuckling. There was a Magic Wand like I had, four different anal plugs and an assortment of dildos. The largest one was over a foot long, and at least 6 inches wide. Just what the doctor ordered. I assumed, from our conversation, that I had permission to borrow it, so I took it back to my room and got into bed with it. 

Holding it close to my face, I could smell my daughter's pussy juices. I began to lick it, both to prepare it for me and to savor her taste. As I was doing that, I had begun to play with the lips of my pussy, slowly feeling the moisture build up inside. I slipped my finder in and began to spread that juice, preparing to lubricate the way for the big rubber dong I was still soaking. My boobs were aching, the nipples tingling. Just as I pressed the head of the dildo into my cunt, the phone rang. I took a deep breath, calmed myself, and and answered the phone. "Hello."

"Mother, don't you ever do that again! I almost lost it when you called, in front of the regional manager! That would have been a disaster. I took a short break, so I could step out of the store and call. Now, are you already playing with it?"

"I've just got the head in me. I love how it's stretching me!"

"Good, keep it up, and when the boys come, show them what a slut you are! That's an order, understand?

"Yes, Mistress. But boys?"

"I told Andrew that you missed him and his big cock, and that you wanted him to find friends as big. That if he hurried, they could all fuck the neighborhood MILF. Then I told him where the backdoor key is. And that your back door was even more available. Now get ready, and I'll be home as soon as I'm able." She hung up, and, my mind whirling with what was about to happen, I stopped attempting to stick that big toy in my cunt and went into the bathroom to get cleaned out. As soon as that was done, I pulled down the covers, switched the big TV to stream some porn, and within minutes was inserting that artificial dick into my aching pussy as I heard the door downstairs open.

I concentrated on continuing to press that monster into my hole as I heard sounds of feet and voices coming up the stairs. I moaned very loudly to make sure they knew where to head, then continued to close my eyes and press as I heard them come into the room. 

"Holy shit!" Said one voice. "Look at that!" Said another. 

I opened my eyes while keeping my legs spread and both hands on the big toy I now had halfway into my pussy. It looked as if I basketball team was surrounding my bed. 

Their eyes never met mine - instead, they were devouring my boobs with their tan lines and erect nipples, or my hairless pussy, or the big dildo I had inserted. "Hello, gentlemen." I said. "Look at my eyes for just a minute. Then you can stare at any part of my body as long as you want! "

It took some doing, but eventually I had six pairs of eyes meeting mine. They were all boys I knew to some extent, but never this way (with the exception of Andrew.). "First off, is everyone over 18?" I got a sign from each one of them. Can't continue as the neighborhood slut and break that law! "Good. Now, are any of you guys virgins?" They all laughed out loud. Derek, one of the young black men, said "ma'am, with what we carrying around none of us been virgins for a long time." 

"Okay, but Derek, you can't address me as ma'am. You can call me Alana, or slut, or pussy, cunt - I bet none of the women you know as ma'am would ever be caught dead like this. Let alone willing and anxious to get thoroughly fucked by all of you. I'm not a whore - you aren't paying, so when it comes to things to call me, you better get inventive. Now, why do any of you still have clothes on?" With that they all got naked and presented me with a forest of large, erect cocks. Derek's black giant was at least eleven inches long. Andrew was a thick ten inches. Larry and Barry, the black twins, were both sporting nine inches, and Gerald had an uncircumcised ten inches that appeared to be still growing. Finally Bobby's dick was the shortest of the lot, but by far the thickest. My mouth began to water, and I pulled that toy from out of my cunt. 

"Goody! Real meat! Now who is going to replace that toy in my pussy? And why are the rest of you standing so far away?" With that they all moved closer. Derek maneuvered his way in between my legs and lifted them. He aimed is big chocolate spear and worked it into me. The others were crowded around me; Gerald's cock rubbing at my lips and gaining entrance. I had my hands on the twins' big meaty cocks. 

It didn't take long for any of them to cum the first time. My pussy was dripping their juices and my juices, and the squishing sounds they made as they fucked me surrounded by each others' cum was intense! Those that chose my mouth were also quick to release their loads. But the one great quality they all shared was that they didn't take very long before they were hard again! There was one moment where it all went weird, however. 

I don't recall whose big dick was pumping my pussy, but I do know I had Derek's monster cock buried deep in my throat and began to feel it pulsing out his sperm when he pulled it out and attempted to spray his cum all over my face. I was surprised at first - I mean, I'd seen that in the porn videos I watched, but figured it was the way they proved they were cumming. The "money shot," as it were. But as far as I knew, every man I'd 

been with of late wanted to cum IN me. It was what I wanted as well. As he knelt in front of my face, his black snake pumping jets of hot, sticky fluid onto my face, it was what I heard him saying that had me understand.

"Now you my bitch! Wear that cum! Everyone gonna know you a slut now!" He grunted. 

And suddenly, two of the other big cocks were aimed at my face and they added to the sticky mess he made of me. Cum was covering my forehead, dripping over my closed eyes, spilling from my nose, and spattering around my mouth. I got it. They were marking me as theirs. The realization was enough to make me cum, and to then have all the boys cover my face in their special sauce. 

"That's it, boys, cover me in your cum! I'm your cum dump. I'm the dirty old broad in the neighborhood who will fuck you any time. I'm your slut! Paint me!" With my eyes closed, I just relied on the sounds and the feelings; the sounds of hands flying up and down their dicks; the feelings of hot, searing fluid covering my face. I kept my mouth open, and began to shovel their cum into it. I hadn't realized how powerful the feeling of surrendering to their wishes was, but it was like I was in a new world. 

"Okay, boys, let's get this cleaned up! Rub your cocks on my face, get them all sticky with that cum and let me clean them off!" I moved onto my knees, and felt them surround me as I lifted my face. Their big cocks were slowly removing their cum, and then I was able to suck each one clean, until finally they all fell back, exhausted for the moment. 

"I still can't see - I can't get my eyes open! Either you have to help me wash up or take me into the shower. Help me clean up and I will be ready to go again. That is, if you can manage it." I chided them.

I got a chorus of comments at that point, ranging from amazement to derision. For some of them I was every wet dream they'd ever had come true and they couldn't believe their luck; for others I was some slut with a stronger sex drive than they had! Two of them got me out of bed and walked me into the bathroom, turning on the shower and adjusting it for me. I told them all to put on some sort of clothing and then they could raid the kitchen to get ready for my return. 

As I regained my sight, and washed off their sticky juices, I saw that the twins were the ones who had brought me into the bathroom, and they were standing right outside the shower, watching. They were clearly interested - their cocks were getting hard and they were beginning to caress themselves. I turned off the water at last, and opened the shower door. They were waiting their with my big towels and began to dry me. Rubbing forcefully over my entire body. Stimulating the nerves in my nipples, sending feelings shooting into my groin. Drying my ass and caressing it at the same time, adding to my arousal. Drying my legs slowly, from the feet up to my thighs but stopping before my cunt, teasing me. My hips began to grind, and I reached for their cocks, amazed at how hefty they were. 

"No one has even tried to fuck my ass so far. Which one of you are going to stuff your magnificent cock into it? There's lube in the medicine cabinet. Help out your slut, boys!" 

In no time Larry's cock was covered in lube, and Barry was busy preparing my ass, working his fingers in with the lube. He had three inside me, lubricating my back passage, and then I bent over and presented it to Larry, pulling my cheeks apart. As he pressed up against that tight little sphincter, I bent forward and wrapped one hand around the base of Barry's cock and stuffed the rest of it into my mouth. I pulled off it for a moment and reached into my reading from Literotica. "Better shove that cock into your slut's throat, Barry, so it muffles the scream when your brother finally takes my ass!" The look on his face was priceless, and he followed instructions like a pro.
