 As we ate lunch we heard a vehicle approach so we put gym shorts on. A woman drove up and asked if we were on Lollipop beach.

"No, that is on the other side of the lake," I said. 

We heard groans from the car and we saw two girls there.

I told the mother, "This just as good as lollipop and much more private. In fact the three of us were skinny dipping this morning. We wont while you are here of course."

She giggled and said to the girls, "Unpack, we are home."

We helped them unpack and erected their two tents for them then invited them to lunch. We were cooking hot dogs. They accepted and provided the chips. Ours had been consumed our first day.

We talked.

The mother and her girls looked identical. The girls were likely twins and would be going off to college in two weeks just as we were. 

They were nerdettes but pretty with nice tits. All had short brunette hair and laughed a lot. 

The mother had a bit better tits and a lot better ass. She was prettier than her daughters but each had several very good points which included a thin line of freckles across their nose. 

They seemed to like us.

We definitely liked them.

"OK girls, lets get in the water."

They took their clothes off and walked to the lake nude. We just stared at them until the Mom asked, "Aren't you going to join us?"

We took our gym shorts off and hurried to the water. We were received with open arms and would have ejaculated if we had not already done so twice already that morning.

The Mom had chosen me and I was intimidated until she kissed me. I kissed her back as she grabbed my rapidly expanding cock. I put my hands on her ass and lifted her pussy to my cock and she slid it in her then wrapped her legs around me.

We kissed as I pressed her ass to me gently. She groaned and said, "Grass."

I walked us out and lay down on the grass and she immediately began to fuck me hard. Her orgasm was loud and she had to stop to catch her breath, I got on my elbows and kissed her then sucked her tits.

She growled and began a second fuck but that one was slow and gentle although her next orgasm wasn't.

She rolled us over and said, "Fuck me to China please."

I got us close but she was very satisfied with the trip. I rolled us back over and we kissed for a while.

"She said, "You know for a bunch of queers you guys are good. We were just hoping for an erect cock.

Oh, we could see you this morning from Lollipop beach."

"Oh, is anyone watching us now?"

"I surely hope so but doubt it. Most everyone there left this morning and as far as I know I was the only ones with binoculars.

My girls insisted we come over before you left too."

She stood and helped me up then we walked back into the water. Her two girls had their bodies draped over the two guys with their cocks inside. All four were breathing hard.

The Mom pressed her body to mine and said, "We are lesbians by the way. We like a cock now and then and today it was now. Even though you are by far the youngest to fuck me in a long while you have been my best fuck. How long before you can fuck me again?"

"Maybe an hour."

"Lets go to the tent and cuddle then."

We saw the others follow us but we each went to a different tent. There were four tents set up.

We cuddled.

"Are the other two guys going to the same school as you?"

"No, I'm going to The Prestigious University. They are going to The Enormous University."

"My youngest is also going to Prestigious."

"I though the girls were twins? I thought you were triplets at first."

"Thank you. No, one is eighteen the other is nineteen and goes to a school up east. I want you to fuck my eighteen year old, I want her to have a good friend when she gets there.

Oh, I hear her giggling. Stay here."

She left the tent and five seconds later the youngest came in and draped her body over mine and kissed me. I caressed her ass and kissed her.

My cock twitched. She sat up and stuffed it in her pussy then draped herself over me and we kissed some more. We talked.

I told her I would be studying micro-biology. She told me she would be studying bio-chemistry.

"We may have some classes together," she said. "Will you be living in a dorm?"

"Undecided. Mom is a realtor and she is looking for a condo to buy as an investment. I would live in it until I graduate then she would sell it. She is hoping my housing will cost her a net of zero for the duration."

"Oh, I have to tell Mom that. If we are lucky we could be neighbors as well as classmates."

She kissed me. My cock stirred.

"Ooh," she said and kissed me again.

My cock grew into her pussy. Before it was completely erect she had an orgasm.

She gave me a torrid kiss then was still until my cock stopped moving into her depths. I pressed down on her ass and she groaned into another orgasm.

"What the hell is going on over there?" her mother yelled.

"He is giving me orgasms."

"Already? Wow."

"You have a unique relationship with you Mom."

"Yes, she claims she was a flower child but is not old enough to have been one. She did grow up in a free love environment and has no idea who our father was. They fucked five times over a three year span. He was a musician. Our eighteenth birthday presents from her were pussies to eat.

I have been fucked by vibrators and dildos and strap-ons but yours is the first dick in me, you just took my virginity."

"I though you and Micky had fucked."

"He tried but he ejaculated before he could get it in me. I did use his pubic bone to masturbate and he seemed very happy over that. We were waiting for his cock to revive when Mom sent me here.

I was stunned, I never expected her to share."

"Thank you for giving me your virginity," I said and rolled her under me and began our fuck. I had cum four times already and suspected I would not cum again for hours so I set to fuck her for hours. 

After her fourth or sixth orgasm I kissed my way down to her tits then her pussy and as soon as she was on the way to another orgasm I stabbed her pussy with my cock hard and she just wailed.

I rolled us over and kissed her cheeks as she sobbed.

Her mother looked in on us, came in and kissed me hard then kissed her daughter gently and left us.

She fell asleep, I held her to me and took a short nap. When I awoke she seemed to still be asleep but she was fucking me, I was still hard.

She had a soft but long lasting orgasm and was again asleep.

I needed to pee but she was not going to release me so I sat up then stood and carried her to the lake with my cock still in her. 

When I got in the water I tried to pull my cock out of her pussy but she whispered, "No, go ahead and pee."

I walked to deeper water until her pussy was submerged then pissed. It was a long piss and before it ended she had an orgasm, then she peed on me.

"That was nice. I need another nap," she said and I walked us back to the tent then got on my back and were again in our original position. She began another soft fuck. I caressed and kissed her but she did not have another orgasm.

"It hurts," she said.

I began to roll us over and get up but she said, "No.

I am fine how I am as long as we don't move. I wont 

move until Mom shoves me off."

I grabbed a sweater, folded it then put it on my shoulder. She put her head on it and was soon asleep. So was I.

We woke up when we smelled food. We were hungry but very comfortable so we did nothing for a few moments until her big sister pushed her off and said "dinner." Her sister lowered her pussy to my mouth and I kissed it as her sister was slapping her ass.

As I staggered out I saw we were having grilled ribs. They were already cooked they were just warming them up on the fire. I kissed every set of lips, all of them, then opened a coke for me and one for the sleepy head. Her name was Trish and she was already important to me.

We talked, we sang, we ate.

After we cleaned up Trish told her sister, "He has one orgasm left. You can have it but he is spending the night with me."

The big sister took my hand and led me to the tent and fucked me hard until she had a long and deep orgasm. She kissed me wildly then staggered out.

When the younger sister came in she stared at my still erect cock, sat over it and slowly sank it in her.

She kissed me, I ejaculated. She smiled and kissed me again, folded the sweater and put in my shoulder the covered us up with a blanket. We kissed softly.

"Mom asked me to ask you for your Mom's business phone number. She thinks her idea is most excellent and between them they might be able to afford a house. I told Mom she may be assuming too much."

I kissed her softly and said, "Then again, maybe not."

Her next kiss told me she knew her Mom might be right.

The following morning we did not fuck, her pussy was tender, but she sucked my cock and then I sucked her clit. We were very happy with each other.

We ate breakfast, played in the water then we watched Micky fuck her mother and Ryan fuck her sister. The guys were now lasting through two of their partner's orgasms.

We saw both guys immediately eat the cum out of the pussy the had just filled, Their ladies adored that and had more orgasms.

Mom talked to Trish's mom that morning, there was a lot of flirting after they had decided what to look for.

"Mom eats pussy too," I told Trish.

She gave me an amazing kiss.

My only gay experience was that long weekend. None of us regretted it but for the three of us that day and night and day with the women that was pretty much the end of that. We knew we could please women.

The other four in our camping group however became principally gay.

Trish, her Mom and older sister Leslie continued to eat pussy but her Moms most needed pussy became Mom's. 

Trish would at time "loan" me to her Mom and sister but those were rare occasions.

Trish and I lived together through our entire six year college life and married at the end of the third year. Ryan was my best man. He and Leslie hooked up again. 

Micky was taken to bed by our Mom's. Before he returned home he looked like he had aged thirty years.

We now work for the same firm In The City and still live in the house our Mom's bought for us.

Our jobs quickly became routine. We interviewed with a new firm and had been hired. We were also gifted with a sea cruise to Polynesia and would be departing in nine months.

For six years we camped opposite Lollypop beach each Labor Day weekend. Sometimes we fished, sometimes we swam, but most times we just fucked.