 "Honey, are you going to get up off that couch and help me with anything today, or am I going to have to get nasty about it?" Jill asked half-teasingly of her husband, Chet. It was nearly one o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and as far as she was concerned they were already an hour behind schedule. They were supposed to go out around five for an evening of celebrating, but she had plenty she still had to get done. 

"My birthday doesn't count for anything anymore?" he responded, making a cursory effort to get up. He'd promised to help her with the shopping, and normally would have been happy to do it, but he'd decided to play the difficult husband to see what he could get away with if only for one day of the year. So well past noon he was still lounging around in sweats surrounded by newspapers strewn across the living room floor.

"It'll count for plenty later on," she said, "but if we don't get these errands run there might not be much of a party." It wasn't really true, but she needed to try something to get him moving. "So please, pick up your mess and go get dressed so we can get on with it."

"Look who's talking! You plan on going out in the same tank top and shorts you sleep in?" She gave him a look but declined comment as she went back into the kitchen. He got up, straightened the papers into a pile and made for the stairs. On his way up she shouted, "And don't even think about getting on the computer!" Ha! He was way ahead of her on that one. Checking his email was his backup plan to slow things down, since it invariably contained some small issue from work to which he'd have to attend. He might look like he was in motion, but he could easily milk it for another hour. As he sat down at the desk and open his laptop the doorbell rang. He didn't budge.

Jill and Chet had been married for five years now and had a fairly idyllic marriage. They both worked as sales reps for an athletic apparel company, which earned them good money, but kept them on the road a lot. For them it meant keeping some of their independence while making them more appreciative of the time they had together. Having not gotten married until they were in their early thirties, they'd each not really wanted to give up the freer lifestyle they'd previously had, and they respected that need in the other. It wasn't an open marriage per se, but they shared a certain adventurousness that they nurtured in each other rather than try to control.

Back in the kitchen, Jill was trying to decide whether she'd prefer Chet to get the door or not. It would mean slowing her plans down even further, but at least she wouldn't have to deal with whoever it was pushing god knows what on her. When she didn't here any noise from upstairs as the bell rang again, her next thought was to ignore the door completely. But that always made her feel guilty, so she grudgingly got up and headed down the hall.

When she opened the door she was immediately glad she did. In front of her, staring back with deep brown eyes and soft features was a very young woman, a girl really, dressed in a warm-up suit of one of the athletic teams from the town college. She stood about five and a half feet, had straight brown hair pulled back in a ponytail, and beneath the loose workout gear surely had a fine athletic body like the one she herself had a few years back before it had begun to soften.

"Hi!" the girl said, trying hard to sound enthusiastic, but barely concealing her displeasure. "I'm Kathy, and I'm with the Martin University swim team, do you have a minute for my spiel?"

Jill was struck by they contradictory body language coming from this girl who would surely be asking for money in a moment or two. As a veteran seller she could tell she'd lost her will to hustle, and it made her a little sympathetic, although it may have had more to do with her attraction to her. So she decided to put her at ease a bit.

"Honey, as someone who makes a living in the selling game, you gotta be way better than that to open up my wallet," she said with a broad smile. "Been at this all morning I bet, huh?"

Kathy visibly relaxed, and sighed, "Oh, thank god," under her breath as she smiled back. "Um, yeah, since like 9am with not much success. Tell me, sales pro, just how do you get people to open their wallets, since I obviously have no idea how to."

"Aw, poor girl," she cooed sympathetically. "Well, tell me what you're selling and I'll see if I can help."

"Me," she responded.

"Excuse me?" Jill said, somewhat startled, genuinely unsure she'd actually heard what she'd thought.

"I'm selling me. Or my time anyway. We have this fundraising thing called Rent-a-Swimmer where we go around selling our time doing chores and stuff for folks so we can earn our dues. Usually it's like yard work, or cleaning out garages or whatever, for $20 an hour or $75 for half a day. We're just getting people to signup today, then we come back later when they want us."

Still somewhat unclear on it, Jill asked, "And you go around by yourself house to house doing this? Isn't that a bit, um, well,..."

"Yeah, yeah, I know," Kathy interrupted, "Could be kinda weird right? But you'd be surprised how normal people are about it. The team's been doing it for years around here, so they know we're coming and have stuff for us to do. Plus we go around in groups, except my teammates bailed about half an hour ago. Guess they don't need the dough as much as I do. It's my first semester with the team and I didn't realize how expensive it was. You guys must be new to this too, huh. Did you just move to this neighborhood?"

"Yes actually, about eight months ago. So how much are you hoping to raise with this?" She was pretty well on her side at this point, but was also thinking up a devious little plan.

"Well, we have to pay $1000 to be on the team, then fundraise another $500. We try to book at least two or three full weekends of work for the fundraising part, but I'm sorta going to have to earn the whole thing, since I had to borrow from my folks just to join."

"Wow, fifteen hundred bucks, that's a lot of dough. Don't know if we can cover all of that, but come on in for a sec and I'll see if I can come up with something. Do you have the time to wait?" she asked standing back to let her in.

"I'm pretty much resigned to doing this all day, so yeah, sure," Kathy said stepping in. Jill ushered her to the living room and offered her a seat.

Both Jill and Chet had been college athletes, which was what led them to their jobs and ultimately to meeting one another, so Jill knew shat she was dealing with. For one, she was aware how much it sucked to raise all that money, but she also remembered fondly the kind of lifestyle the athletes led. She'd been involved in some crazy stuff back then, and she was guessing things hadn't changed all that much. She sat down next to Kathy on the sofa and started inquiring.

"So how's college treating you other than you're broke? Things as wild as ever?"

"Oh, you know how it is," Kathy alluded, "work, swim, party. Living the dream. Did you go to Martin?"

"I didn't, but my husband did." She pointed to the wedding photo on the end table. "I was at State. We both ran track, and had a great time at it. Man, college was a wild time." She gave her a knowing look. "I envy you just starting out in it." They sat facing each other on the couch with a foot or two between them. Jill laid her arm across the back rest casually, just beside Kathy's shoulder. "When I graduated I stayed with the team as an assistant for a year before getting a job selling apparel." She touched Kathy's shoulder, pulling on her jacket. "You guys are now one of my accounts. I sold you this jacket. Small world, huh." 

Kathy noticed her hand lingering, and was aware of the under current in the conversation, but wasn't really uncomfortable with it. Jill was being pretty nice, and she was quite attractive, especially in her shorts and tank. She was willing to see where it went, money or no.

"Get out, really? How can you tell?"

"Well, here, take it off and let me see it." Kathy unzipped the shell and leaned forward, slipping it off as she did, and handed it to Jill who checked out the tag. "Yep, we make these and I put the order in for you guys." She put the jacket down behind her on the couch while she gave Kathy a once over. She was pleased to see her strong swimmer's shoulders beneath the tight tee, and her large chest obviously compressed in a sports bra. 

"Hey, do you need some water or something?" she said getting up and heading to the kitchen.

"Yeah, that'd be great thanks," Kathy said, checking out her nicely shaped figure as she exited, trying to guess her age. Twenty-eight? Thirty? Anything older and she was doing great. Once alone in the room she leaned over for a closer look at the wedding picture. Jill looked just about the same, so it couldn't have been taken too long ago. And if her husband still looked as good as he did here, she'd certainly have no complaints about him, either.

"What do you think?" Jill asked as she walked back into the room, seeing her checking out their picture. She handed the glass to Kathy as she put it back on the end table.

"You must've gotten married pretty recently, you look just the same."

"Oh, please. Thanks. I'm pretty happy with my catch, doesn't he look so handsome?"

Kathy had to agree. "Yep, he's quite a looker."

Jill sat back down next to her, a little closer this time, and placed her hand on her knee. "Kathy, how would you like to earn your full $500 today?" she asked with a very direct look in her eyes."

Her eyes widened. "The whole thing?? You want me to sleep with your husband or something, right?" she said, seeing no point in pretending she was in the dark.

"Well, it's his birthday today, and I thought maybe you could be a little treat for him. And me too. If you're willing. I hope this isn't too inappropriate of me, but you're really very attractive, and we kind of like to keep things exciting between us." She leaned in and kissed her cheek to see if there was any resistance. There wasn't.

"Well, I could sure use the money, and I'd be lying if I said I haven't been a little turned on watching you. Do I have to do anything weird?"

"You don't have to do anything, it's up to you. But how about I sweeten the offer? How about I give you the whole $1500, and you'll be our slave for the remainder of the day?" She moved closer still as she sensed Kathy tensing a bit. "Now, I promise it won't be anything violent or harmful. We're not freaks so much as we just like to be, adventurous I suppose is the best word. To be honest, we haven't done anything like this before, but you seem like a nice girl, and I just thought the timing might be right for something mutually beneficial." She paused to let her think. As she watched her staring at her hands in her lap, processing the offer, Jill gently reached over and lifted her chin in her hand, and placed a long, soft kiss on her lips, which eventually succumbed to her inviting tongue. When she was done, Jill looked her in the eyes and whispered, "It'll be worth every penny of it, I guarantee you." Kathy bit her lip and stared at her for a long moment, but said nothing. "All you have to do is trust us, and do what we say. I'll give you $500 up front, and you can leave with it anytime you want if you're unhappy with your treatment. And you can have the remaining $1000 at the end."

The kiss had further aroused the already stimulated Kathy. She'd slept with two of the girls on the team before she even joined, and had been with her share of guys, but never with a couple. Something about Jill made her believe it would be a good time, and, man, it would be so sweet to not have to worry about the money. If she played her cards right it could be rewarding in the future, too. And there was something undeniably hot about submitting herself completely to this attractive young couple, two total strangers. 

She returned Jill's gaze, smiled, and said. "Ok, when do we start?"

"Wait right here, I'll be right back." Jill hopped up and all but ran up the stairs to the bedroom to get some of the cash she had planned to spend that evening. On the way back downstairs she swung by the office where she knew she'd find Chet on the computer. Barely stopping she said, "Honey, could you come downstairs? I have a little something for you to do," and disappeared from the doorway. "Yeah, just a second," he said without looking up from the screen.

Downstairs she handed the money to Kathy, who reached over and put it in her jacket pocket, then zipped it up.

Sitting back down next to her, Jill asked, "Do you know what a safety word is?" She nodded. "Think of one quick." Without pausing she said, "Freestyle." Jill nodded and smiled. "Clever girl!"

Chet came downstairs and walked into the living room dressed exactly as he had been before, making his excuses as he entered. "Sorry, I was going to get ready but I was just che-, whoops. Hi." He stopped where he was at the sight of the beautiful young girl curiously sitting on the sofa talking to his wife, somewhat embarrassed at how he looked in front of her. "Um..."

"Chet, this is Kathy. Kathy, Chet," Jill said by way of introduction. Then she looked him straight in the eyes. "She's your slave for the day, dear. Happy Birthday."

He froze for and instant, visibly confused, then shifted his weight onto one hip as his mouth opened to ask a question but couldn't phrase the words. The two women couldn't help but smirk at how cute and helpless he looked trying to take it in. He finally let out a little laugh, "Heh. I'm sorry, what? I thought you said something else," forcing his eyes off the girl, looking to his wife for help.

"Kathy is going to be your slave for the day," she repeated, leaning towards the somewhat shy looking girl, putting a hand on her thigh while wrapping the other around her shoulder. "This pretty young thing is here to do whatever you want." She kissed he cheek seductively, making Kathy smile.

Chet was floored, still unclear. "Oh my God, really? Um, wow, that's... that's great." Now doubly transfixed by his confusion and the sight of his wife putting the moves on this fantastically attractive girl, he felt himself begin to rise in his sweats, unimpeded by his lack of underwear. Instinctively he was concerned about this and made an attempt to cover up, before it finally began to sink in that that was the whole point. He stepped across to them and held out his hand as if to shake. "Ok then, Kathy, nice to meet you."

She looked up at him as demurely as she could muster, and reached up not for his hand, but for the bulge in his pants, rubbing him to full erection through the fabric. "I'm your slave, Master Chet. I shouldn't be shaking your hand." His hand fell limp to his side as he looked again to his wife with a smile. 

"Baby, you are amazing," he said, awkwardly leaning over to kiss her while Kathy continued to fondle him. Standing back up he said, "I take it this means no errands this afternoon?" 

"No, dear, plans have changed a little. And I'm afraid your evening out might not happen either. I do hope you'll take a rain check on that." He could only nod. By now there was a significant wet spot near the waistline of his sweats near the tip of his cock. Kathy removed her hands and place them palms down on her thighs as she sat back.

"I'm sorry sir, you didn't tell me I could do that," lowering her gaze.

Jill had to laugh. "My, my, and you seemed like such a pure young thing when you showed up. Such good behavior will certainly be rewarded." She stroked her hair, looking up to Chet. "So, she's yours to do whatever you want. And I'll be right by her side the whole time to help her along. Or to discipline her if she misbehaves. I have just one last request before I turn you loose. Since I feel like helped make it, and ultimately it is mine after all, I'd like first dibs on that wonderful erection you've got in there. May I?" Chet nodded again.

"Kathy," Jill continued parenthetically, "I'll call you Kathy, he'll call whatever he wants—remove his pants for me." Kathy reach out and pulled his sweats off by the waistband and carefully pulled them over his feet as he stepped out. "And his shirt, too." She stood and removed his shirt, then sat back down. "Now, little one, I'll show you how he likes his cock sucked, pay careful attention."

Jill reach out with both hands and began to service her husband. Cupping his balls and the base of his good-sized shaft in one hand, she squeezed out the ample precum he had and smoothed it down his length with her other, stroking him firmly and slowly, tugging as much as letting her hand slip. She got to her knees in front of him, then looked him in the eyes and gave him a big happy smile. "Sweetie, I love this cock, I love you, and we are going to have SO much fun with this delicious plaything." Then she leaned forward, still keeping eye contact, and enveloped her mouth around the head of his dick. He let out an enormous sigh, his eyes straining to stay open and he held her shoulder for support. She sucked the head for a moment, still tugging him gently, then proceeded to lick up and down his length, suck his balls, and kiss the toned skin of his lower abdomen, allowing his dick to rub across her face as she did. Eventually she went back to sucking him, herself fully aroused and truly enjoying his full cock deep in her mouth. His flowing juice and her salacious hunger had his dick dripping wet in no time, and her hand easily slid smoothly up and down as she sucked and stroked him in unison, making him stiff like a steel rod. All she wanted now was to feel his thick warm cum pouring down the back of her throat as he fucked her face to orgasm, but she knew it was far too early for that. So after another few minutes of sucking on him less intensely, she let him go.

Wiping her slick mouth and chin, she turned, slightly panting, to Kathy and said, "Did you get that?" Then she sat back again next to her on the couch, and said to Chet, "Thank you honey, she's all yours."

Chet, now fully aroused standing naked in front of his wife and his beautiful new slave, took a moment to get his composure. Kathy, still sitting hands on lap, was staring directly at his full shiny cock, her lips slightly parted, her breathing a bit quick and shallow from both her nervousness and excitement.

"Do you like it?" Chet asked.

"It looks very good, sir. I like it very much." 

Chet took a step closer to the sofa, his knees straddling hers. "Come forward." She inched her way towards him until she was sitting on the edge of the couch, her face right up against his sticky dick. Chet rocked his hips back and forth, sliding himself across her face. He glanced over at his wife and said, "Could you help her out, please?" Jill reached up and grabbed Kathy's hair at the base of her ponytail and pressed her face against her husband as he continued to rub himself on her. "I want you to know how beautiful I think you are," he said. "I'm a lucky man to have a slave as lovely as you. I say that because I want you to be comfortable. The more comfortable you are, the farther we'll be able to take this." He reached down and lifted her chin in his hand. "Look at me." She looked up with her big brown eyes as Jill held her head back by her hair. "If you trust us I promise this will be as enjoyable for you as it will be for us." He held his dick in his hand and slapped it gently against her face, rubbing it against her closed lips. He pulled back until the tip of it rested against her mouth. "Do you trust me?"

"Ye-" As soon as she opened her mouth to speak the pressed his cock into her mouth, stifling her words. She passively opened her mouth wide to accept his penis as he rocked his hips back and forth into her while Jill continued to hold her head securely. When he withdrew he again asked, "I said, do you trust me?" And again she barely got a sound out before his dick filled her mouth. This time he pushed himself deeper into the back of her throat, momentarily cutting off her air as Jill held her in place. She gasped when he pulled out, but this time finished her sentence. "Yes!" she panted, as a string of saliva hung from her mouth. "I trust you."
