 OF COURSE, IT WAS A HOT summer day. That's when the squad practiced for the upcoming fall term. But what is junior college cheerleading really about? It was about partying and good times. At least, it was for Marla.

She just liked to try new things and have fun, that's all. Cheerleading in high school was too strict, but now that they were a couple of years out, nobody really cared if they showed up or not. Marla went to the practices because they were good exercise and kept her body smooth. And she cheered the games because she liked watching the guys get all sweaty in their tight uniforms.

Anyway, it was Kristie's idea to go swimming after practice one hot weekday afternoon. "Pretty much everyone is gone at work," the hot little blonde said. "We can swim in any pool we want. And besides, we're all sweaty and stinky, come on."

Doing something wrong and possibly getting caught appealed to Marla. It excited her. The idea of swimming naked didn't really even occur to her, though, until they got to the Johnson's pool. Marla was wearing her standard workout clothes: sports bra and little shorts. Usually she would put a t-shirt on when she was ready to go home, but it was so hot that she and Kristie just walked through the neighborhood in their shorts and sports bras. "This is more than I wear at the beach," Kristie had said.

After they climbed the fence and were sure nobody was home in the Johnson house, Kristie pulled off her clothes so fast, revealing her muscular, toned little body. Full breasts and full ass, all tight and glistening in the sun; she didn't really even have tan lines. Or any muff to speak of.

Marla was a little intimidated, but before she had a chance to make an excuse, Kristie jumped into the water -- hardly making a splash -- and bobbed up in the deep end. "Oh, come on, it's so nice!" she yelled.

Marla, dark curly hair, pale skin, long legs and a short torso, slowly took off her clothes. She always felt like her nipples were too big, but really they were perfect. She ran down the pool steps and slipped into the water quickly. It was really warm, but cool at the same time, it and felt so nice to get out of the heat and into the water.

Kristie swam up to her. "Isn't this great?" she said, looking through the clear water at Marla's body. "You have a really nice body, if you don't mind my saying."

"Yours is perfect," Marla said, looking over the tan blonde's assets.

"Naw, we're just different," Kristie said. "Both sexy in our own way, though."

Kristie's fingertips made their way through the water and touched Marla's nipples.

"Those are really nice," she said.

"Not too big?" Marla asked honestly.

"Oh no, I like them a lot," Kristie said.

The girls moved to the shallow end and stood straight up, the water level tossing around their waists.

"Too bad we didn't bring any guys with us," Kristie said, arching her back and showing off her tits. "Maybe next time."

Marla cupped her hands around Kristie's breasts. She couldn't help herself, they were so inviting. Kristie pushed Marla's hands away and licked Marla's nipples.

"Yes," Kristie said. "I like them a lot."

As Kristie continued to lick and suck Marla's tits, she plunged one hand down below the surface of the water and between Marla's legs. The tip of her index finger glided along Marla's little muff, no more than a tuft she liked to leave unshaven, and touched the clit.

"Oh," Marla said.

"Do you like that?" Kristie asked, sincere.

"Of course," Marla said. "Let's get out for a few minutes, okay?"

Kristie followed Marla out of the pool, both shaking the water off their bodies. Then Kristie lied down on her back on the warm bricks, partly shaded by the cypress trees lining the backyard. "Come here," Kristie said.

Marla looked back at Kristie on the concrete, her knees bent, her legs spread apart.

"I don't really like to lay out," Marla said.

"I don't want you to lay down next to me," Kristie said. "I want you to lay down on top of me."

Marla stepped over to Kristie and knelt down, running her hands along the blonde's firm body. Kristie pointed toward her knees. Marla ran her hands down Kristie's legs, curious.

Kristie positioned her head between Marla's knees and pulled the pale timid girl down on top of her, extending her tongue to meet Marla's clit.

The two girls licked each other's pussies this way for a few minutes, exploring. Then things got heated, as Kristie's licking became more feverish. Marla came quickly, to her surprise and mild embarrassment.

"Well, that was easy," Kristie said. "Come here." She pulled the brunette's face up to meet her own and kissed her deeply. "I like tasting myself on your tongue."

"Yeah," Marla said. She felt Kristie's hands wrap around her own and guide them into her cunt. Before Marla knew it, she had three fingers digging deep into Kristie's wet cavern. Marla violently thrust her hand in and out, rubbing her fingertips along the clit in the process. She wanted to make Kristie come, too. She felt she needed to do it.

Finally, Kristie let out a low moan, saying, "Oh, oh yeah, yeah, yeah."

Kristie pulled Marla's hand away, then rolled on top of her, kissing her deeply.

They stayed that way a few minutes, then tired out. "Let's get back in the water," Marla said. Then she got up and dove into the water, staying under a long time.

Kristie followed her, swimming after Marla and eventually bumping into her under water.

As both of their heads surfaced, Kristie said, "Next time, put one finger in my ass. I love that."

"Really?" Marla asked.

"Oh yeah, you have to try it."

***

MARLA WAS VERY EXCITED as she walked through the neighborhood alongside her new closer-than-close friend Kristie. They were headed back to the Johnson's pool for another swim, this time skipping cheer practice altogether instead of going afterwards.

Kristie had set up a sort of swimming date with a couple of guys, Mitch and Steve, and although Marla was titillated by the idea of being with these guys, trespassing and maybe more, she thought back to the impromptu lesbian encounter she'd shared with Kristie the week before. Innocent skinny-dipping turned into unexpected sexual delights so quickly that it really was fantastic, but Marla knew this time things would be different.

For one thing, she and Kristie were not going to be the matter-of-fact centers of each other's attentions and affection, that much was certain. They had gone shopping for swimsuits the day before with the devised purpose of putting themselves on display for the guys they were going to meet. As they shared the dressing room and tried on various bikinis -- eventually settling on a matched set, Marla's blue, Kristie's orange -- and being naked and close together for the first time since that time in and by the pool, Marla just wanted to repeat that experience. 

Nevertheless, Marla walked along, nearly hopping her way to the spot, her thick dark curls pulled back into a big loose fluffy pony tail. She was feeding off Kristie's excitement... While they were trying on swimsuits the previous day, Kristie laid out the plan, which was basic and simple, and Marla just shrugged her shoulders and went along with it. Marla was in it for experience, of course, and Kristie hadn't steered her wrong yet.

"Okay, so there's just three things," Kristie said, looking her self over in the dressing room mirror. "First, these guys are both really cool, so just make sure you have fun. That's the most important thing. Then, if we can, the game is to see if we can get them to get naked first, just for a challenge. Last, we both have to have sex with both of them, okay?"

Marla was definitely on for the idea of fun, and it seemed like good game to make the guys take off their shorts just based on the promise of getting naked herself. They way she looked at the sex part, well, she wanted to try it with more different people anyway, and Kristie was really hot for both these guys, but didn't want to date either of them, so that's why she wanted to fuck them together, but not at the same time, as she put it. They were interchangeable to Marla, which made it that much easier to go along with the plan.

Mitch and Steve were already waiting by the back fence when Kristie and Marla arrived. They climbed the fence and got into the backyard and quickly as they could, then slowed the pace. The guys took off their shirts and watched as the girls slowly pulled their tank tops over their heads, revealing the rest of the string bikinis that had only been hinted at beneath the ladies' clothes.

After a few minutes of swimming around, Marla wondered how and when Kristie was going to make her play. The guys were not all that aggressive. They were muscular, sure, but they didn't really do much other than swim around the girls and make chitchat. Then Marla realized that Kristie might have been waiting for her drop a hint.

"How did you guys find out about this place?" Steve asked.

"Oh, you know," Kristie started to answer, playing her little tease game.

"Last time we were here we were naked," Marla blurted, having gathered up the courage to move things along and waiting for the opening now awhile.

"Really?" Mitch said.

"Yeah. It was after practice and we didn't have swimsuits, so we just went for it," Kristie added.

"We were really hot," Marla said, now standing up in the shallow end. "Then we got it on."

Kristie swam over and joined her, surprised. She stood next to Marla, the water lapping at their waists again, back where they touched each other for the first time a week earlier.

"We bought these bikinis yesterday, you like 'em?" Kristie said.

"Yeah," Steve said. "I think I'd like 'em better if they were crumpled on the grass back there, though."

"Okay. Ours come off, yours come off," Marla said. 

Mitch and Steve came in close to Marla and Kristie. The guys almost knocked into each other, trying to figure out who should match up with whom.

"Don't worry about that," Kristie said, simultaneously untying the knot at the back of Marla's neck and the one in the center of her back, one in each hand. "We're both going to fuck both of you."

Marla's top dropped into the water in front of her, her pale perky tits shimmering in the sunlight. She raised her eyebrows and nodded at Mitch's waist, slowly pulling down the waist of her bikini bottoms.

Mitch mirrored her almost exactly, slowly lowering his shorts. 

Soon enough, the tease was too much for Marla. She wanted to see a dick already! So she gave up the game and pulled her bottoms halfway down her thighs, then slipped them the rest of the way off. Mitch pulled his shorts off, and grabbed her.

Steve dropped his shorts and went right after Kristie, pulling her bikini off roughly, not bothering to play along. 

The girls backed up to the edge of the pool and moved close together, kissing the guys, then pausing to kiss each other. They sat up on the edge and Kristie rubbed Marla's pussy while Marla stroked Mitch's rock hard cock. Kristie guided the cock into Marla's snatch. Mitch started slow, but then pounded hard.

"Wait," Kristie said to Mitch. "You're going to come before you fuck me." She pulled Mitch away from Marla. Mitch rubbed the tip of his cock against Kristie's cunt, then stuck it in and resumed fucking. Steve moved to Marla and inserted. His dick was bigger and harder and she moaned loud. Her tight little pussy was too much for him and he pulled it out after a few minutes and stroked it.

"I'm gonna come," he said. 

Kristie pushed Mitch back and started sucking Steve's big dick hard and fast. He blew his load all over her face, then she pulled Mitch's cock back into her legs and squeezed his ass. "Come on my pussy," she demanded!

As Mitch pulled out his cock and sprayed Kristie's bald beaver, she turned and kissed Steve's cum into Marla's mouth.

Everyone was back in the pool, swimming for another half-hour or so. Marla was a little disappointed with the orgy, if you'd even call it that. Sure, she thought, she had two dicks in her pussy, one after the other, but neither was there for longer than a few minutes. And Kristie, who said that both of them were supposed to fuck both guys, she only blew Steve and caught his load on her face. That just wasn't enough.

"So, you guys ready to do it again?" Marla said.

Mitch perked up, "Oh yeah." He slapped Steve on the back.

"Okay," Marla said. "I've got something really specific in mind."

She climbed up out of the water and stood at the edge of the pool, looking down over the two guys and Kristie. "Okay, first, Steve, you bring that big dick over here and fuck me again. Then I want you to come in my pussy and I want Kristie to lick it out and get me off, while at the same time, Mitch fucks her in the ass."

"Damn, girl knows what she wants," Steve said.

Marla was statuesque standing above them with one hand on her hip, her ivory skin glimmering in the afternoon sunlight. Steve got out of the water next, walked over to Marla and kissed her hard. She stroked his cock and balls.

"Suck it first," Steve said.

Marla bent down and licked the tip of his big dick, then slowly wrapped her lips around the head and moved up and down the shaft.

In the pool, Kristie and Mitch kissed deeply while he fingered her pussy under the water. "You like it in the ass?" he asked her.

"Oh yeah," Kristie answered, guiding his other hand around to her back door.

Marla sucked Steve's dick faster now, then pulled him down and pushed him back onto the ground. She straddled him and inserted his cock into her cunt, began riding slow, then increased the momentum. 

"Whoa, she's really going at it," Mitch said. 

"I don't think his big dick is going to be able to take that from her tight pussy for very long," Kristie said. 

Marla heard them talking and it got her more excited. Her tense cunt constricted around Steve's dick and he grimaced at the painful pleasure. Steve grunted and Marla yelped, her perky tits bouncing while he gripped her hips hard.

Kristie and Mitch now came out of the water, mesmerized. Then Kristie got an idea; she lied down on her back opposite Steve, their heads lining up. "Eat my pussy," she said to Mitch. "And slobber as much as you can into my ass." 

Mitch did as he was told, licking and drooling all over Kristie's cunt. Marla continued to bounce up and down on Steve's dick, watching with delight as he crunched his face up each time her pussy came down on over his cock.

Kristie turned her head and tongued Steve's ear, then he turned his head and kissed her deeply. She kissed him back, realizing then that this is the benefit of group sex. Sucking on a hot tongue while somebody licks and flicks her clit, and knowing she doesn't have to touch the guy she's kissing because her friend is presently fucking his brains out -- it was perfect!

"Ah, ah yeah!" Steve screamed! Marla leaned over him and bounced harder, pushing her face into Kristie's face, kissing both of them. Then Steve flipped her over and plunged his dick into her wet cunt, finishing off his load in her, just as directed. He pulled his now semi-hard cock out of her finally, sitting on his knees, holding the cock by its base, lightly rubbing the tip into Marla's little muff. 

Kristie, seeing that Steve was done, rolled over and pushed him out of the way, licking and sucking his cum off and out of Marla's pussy. Steve lay back, making brief eye contact with Mitch, silently asking if he was going to fuck Kristie in the ass. Mitch shrugged, facing her uplifted perfect round ass, spread the checks and licked her asshole. Then he stuck two fingers from his left hand in her cunt and one finger from his right hand in her ass.

Marla threw her head back and howled as Kristie continued to stir the cum on and in her pussy. Steve, now spent, moved around to Marla's head, pinched her nipples, squeezed her tits, and tried to time her reactions to Kristie's tonguing with his hands on her breasts.

Kristie wiggled her ass up higher and finally Mitch stuck his dick into her cunt, just to get it wet, then plunged it into her tight asshole. It went in slow, but once inserted, he moved it smoothly. He reached around and fingered her clit as he fucked her ass.

With two of Kristie's fingers in Marla's cunt and her tongue working the clit hard, Marla began screaming with delight. She looked up and saw Mitch working Kristie's ass and smiled. She was getting close. Steve hovered over Marla, playing with her tits. She took the opportunity to lightly flick his balls with her tongue, but it was more than he could handle. He dropped back and collapsed behind her. 

Marla reached down and dragged her fingernails along the inside of her thighs, feeling the climax getting close. Her pussy was a hot wet mess, mixing her juices with Steve's jizz and Kristie's spit.

Kristie, who had slowed down on the tongue work, now mostly drooling into Marla's open cunt because pleasure was building in her too, taking on Mitch's fast fingers over her clit while he banged her tight little asshole.

Steve was a crumpled comatose body next to the orgiastic orgasm train that was hauling into the station just a few feet away. Marla screamed, her body twitched, and she pushed Kristie's head back, rubbing the wet mess out of her pussy and onto her concave belly. Kristie bucked Mitch hard, screamed of her own orgasm, pushing his hand off her cunt and constricting her asshole around his cock, forcing his load out and up into her asshole.

Mitch fell back, squeezing off the spoogey remnants from his cock. Kristie fell forward onto Marla, both of them sticky with delight. The girls wrapped in each other's arms, satisfied that they had used up these guys for the time being.