 "So, what do you want for your birthday?" Victor asked, whispering in her ear. "It's your twenty-first! The big one."

Skylar reached down, running her fingers along his thigh, "I was pretty sure I was handling the 'big one' last night." Wrapping her fingertips around his penis had the desired effect Skylar wanted. 

As his dick twitched to life in her hand, Victor moaned inadvertently, letting Skylar know that she was going to have her way with him again. Victor fought back enough to keep the conversation going. "I am serious! I want to know what I can get you for your birthday that no one else can. I want to know how to satisfy your desires," he whispered as he nibbled on her ear.

Skylar rolled on top of Victor, pressing his arms down against the bed. "Do you think you can handle what I really want, young man?" 

Victor was a senior, getting close to 23 years old. He would graduate at the end of the year, and probably move to some big city to try to become some manager in some company and disappear out of Skylar's life forever. For now, he was a fun play toy while she was stuck in the middle of nowhere getting her education. She didn't want to lose her entertainment 

Victor hesitated before replying, "I can handle it. I would like to think I taught you a thing or two. And I will believe it for as long as I can."

Skylar reached down between her legs, reaching for his cock, now fully erect, and guided the head inside her. She sat back a little, taking an inch or two inside her, before letting go with her hands, and moved to kiss him. After kissing him, she nibbled firmly, yet playfully on his ear before she responded. 

"Well," she said as she slowly grinded down his length, "I have always had a fantasy of being used by two strangers. Almost a rape fantasy." She then pushed down, holding his entire length inside of her. "I mean, it would only be a fantasy, as you can't rape the willing, can you?"

Victor started moaning as Skylar started riding him, staring into his eyes. She felt his cock throbbing inside of her, more so than last night. Could it be that he was excited by the idea as well? She started riding a little faster. Victor brought his hands under her breasts and started playing with them, massaging them as she rode Victor harder. 

Victor then moved his hands to her side, and rolled them both over so that he was on top of her with himself positioned between her legs. The smile on Skylar's face shown that he made the right move, taking control of the situation; now to take what he wanted, for now. 

He grabbed her by the calves, lifting her ass off the bed, and slowly rocked himself up and down, slamming his cock inside her smooth wet pussy walls. Slowly, he lifted her legs so that her ankles rested on his shoulder, as he reached for her hands, put them above her head, and held them in place as he continued fucking her. 

Using her shoulders, as well as her ankles on his shoulder, she met each of his thrusts as her breath began to quicken. Victor stared deep into her eyes, trying to pierce her with his gaze, as he began thrusting harder and harder, slamming his balls against her ass, creating the rhythmic pattern of their sex. As their pace quickened even more, her audible panting turned to moans, and moans to gentle screams as Victor was bringing her close to orgasm. She liked this forcefulness Victor was taking. Lost in her thought and physical enjoyment, she was trying to figure out which of his friends he would ask to help plan her birthday surprise. 

Her mind continued on, as they continued. She was lost in the rapture of two men pounding away, using her as they willed, knowing that her thirst for sex would be quenched; or at least closer to it. She was imagining a second set of hands on her, holding her down while being forced to submit to a dick in her mouth and another in her pussy. To be held helpless. Used as a toy. Used to drain two cocks of their sweetness. To be...

As this collection of thoughts crossed her mind, her body began to react both to the mental stimulation. She felt her pussy grabbing the cock inside her. She clamped her feet around his neck and pushed one final thrust to impale herself on his dick. Her hips grinded hard against him as she came hard, her head thrashing from side to side as she screamed out in pleasure. 

Hearing her cumming this loud made it so that Victor couldn't hold off his orgasm any longer. He felt his balls contracting as his dick began to throb hard. He loved seeing her pleased. He loved the thought of her cumming nice and hard. He liked the thought of watching her with two other men as they had their way with her. He didn't realize before, but he wanted to watch her with others. This thought was going through his head as his seed released inside of her, filling her with his juices. He never felt his balls so drained as he has with her, and now he wanted to see others' balls being drained by Skylar as well. 

As he rolled off of her, he kissed her cheek. "No promises, but I will see what I can do". 

She climbed out of bed, heading to the shower. She looked back at him and winked. "See that you do your best, young man."

By the end of the week, Victor had his plan hatched. Friday night, before the normal amount of drinking began at the frat house, he had figured what two pledges would handle this gift for him. He figured that at eighteen years old, and fresh out of mommy and daddy's house, pledges wanted to get laid as much anyone else and wouldn't ask too many questions. Victor also figured if anyone was going to keep up, it would be two eager and enthusiastic eighteen year olds. The problem was which two to pick. 

He first approached Brett, who almost matched Victor's body size and type perfectly. Brett was about an inch shorter than Victor, but his shoulders were about an inch broader, making him seem a little more intimidating than Victor, which could only help the situation. 

Brett was an average guy from a town not too far away. He came to this college and this fraternity because his father was a legacy to both. It was a family tradition and who was he to buck tradition. He more wanted to be a member of the fraternity because of his father, not because he wanted to be a "frat boy". 

Victor walked over to the cooler, and pulled out a beer, and walked up to Brett. He handed Brett the beer, and put an arm over his shoulder. "Pledge, I am about to make your weekend. However, this is to be kept between you, and me, and two other people. I want you to meet me in the back by my car at about noon tomorrow. I promise...you will thank me for it. And if you don't, well, you are just a pledge. Understand?"

"Yes, frater. I look forward to working my way into the fraternity, sir!"

And with that, Victor walked away, looking for a second pledge. 

Twenty minutes later, Victor had no idea of who to have joined, and it was started to unnerve him. He was on his third beer, and knew he should slow down so that he would be coherent. He walked towards the front of the house, when Sean walked in. 

Sean was late, as always, because of his many obligations. He was 6'3, 225 lbs of mostly muscle. He was both smart and athletic. He came from a rural area living with his grandmother and his aunt. In high school, he was a 3 sport letterman. His athletic ability would have been enough to get a scholarship to many colleges. However, his grandmother made sure that school was more important, and graduated fifth in his class. Sean had a full ride from academics and sports, and he earned it. He was in several clubs ranging from debate to math, as well as having a great shot of freshman basketball player of the year. 

Sean was a perfect person for any fantasy involving sex. Victor realized this the moment he put two and two together. He walked to the cooler and got a sport drink, and tossed it to Sean. 

"Sean, I need to talk to you about something you can do for the House."

"Yes, frater. I look forward to working my way into the fraternity, sir!"

Victor took him to a corner and started a hush whispered conversation. He let Sean in on the whole thing. He told Sean that his girlfriend had a fantasy, and that he was hoping Sean would help out. Sean smiled a shit-eating grin. 

"Yes, frater. I look forward to working my way into the fraternity, sir!"

"You are well on your way in, pledge. Meet me in the back at my car at about noon tomorrow."

Friday afternoon, Victor called Skylar to make sure the evening was a go.

"Hi, honey. I got a surprise for you tonight."

Skylar smiled wickedly. "Really? Should I ask what you have in store for me?'

"No. What you should do is have the door unlocked at 8:00 tonight, and standing in the middle of the room with nothing but a blindfold on."

"Are you kidding me? You want me to stand naked in a blindfold? What do you have in mind?"

"I said, I want you naked and blindfolded with the door unlocked. See you around eight."

Skylar hung up the phone slightly confused, but very excited. She did like the authoritative tone in his voice. It was almost intoxicating. Knowing Victor as she did, she knew that the surprise would definitely involve sex and most likely be a competition of who can outlast who. 

She put the phone back into the cradle and then moved towards the restroom. She decided that if Victor was going to put this much planning into an evening of debauchery, she would do her part and groom herself to expectations. Victor liked nothing more than a landing strip on her pubic region, and everything to be as smooth as possible. 

It took her half an hour to finish grooming. It would have taken much less time, but she didn't realize how excited and sensitive she was. She had to stop several times during shaving as to not indulge in her self gratification. No, if Victor was up for a long session tonight, she wasn't going to start the festivities without him.

The magic hour arrived. Skylar was nervous and excited. At 7:59, she made sure that the door was unlocked, before moving towards the center of the room. Upon reaching the center, she heard Victor's car pull up. She felt her heart beating excitedly as she stood there, and could swear that she had a drop of moisture escape her pussy and leave a small trail down her thigh.

She heard his footsteps approach as he opened the door. He stood in the door frame for a moment, which seemed like eternity to Skylar. When he finally closed the door behind him, he walked behind her and kissed her softly on her neck. She began to turn and face him when he took her by the shoulders and held her in place. 

"Stay still, or the evening is over." Skylar nodded. She could almost feel his sly smile as he removed his hand from her shoulder. She heard him fish into his pocket and pull something out. She realized a moment later that it was a blindfold, as it was draped over her eyes. She moved her head slightly to accommodate Victor. 

After he made sure that it was secure, he whispered in her ear to stay put, and that he had to get something from outside. He walked out, and left the door open. Skylar felt the breeze on her bare skin. The door was open about half a minute when she head foot steps returning towards the door. Another hesitation at the door frame, but the door closed softly behind. 

He must have taken off his shoes, she thought to herself as she realized that she no longer heard footsteps. A moment later, she felt a hand waving near the blindfold. 

"No, I can't see you, Victor", she said before being shushed. She smiled as she stood there. She felt a fingertip run over her mouth before it moved down her face. She felt his body moving around her. Hopefully, Victor appreciated the effort she put into receiving her gift. Or as she knew with him, gifts. 

He remained behind her, as he ran his fingertips along her side, barely touching her, the electricity that flowed through her body made her supersensitive. She was sure she had not been this excited before. 

As he kissed her neck, her head instinctively went to the side. He reached up and grabbed a handful of hair, pulling her hair even more to the side. Victor was being a bit rougher than normal, she thought to herself. She is going to have to ask for him to be like this more often. 

He reached around, teasing her nipples with his fingertips before using his right hand to travel down her body, stopping just shy of the freshly trimmed landing strip she left for him. He played with the strip a moment before letting his fingertip travel further, running lightly over her slit. Her knees gave a bit before she caught her balance. He felt so strange and yet familiar to him. She started to press her behind back instinctively. He noticed it, moving his hand from her breast to her shoulder to keep her in her place. If he could see her face, he would have seen a small, playful pout. 

When she returned to her fully erect position, he returned his hand to her breast, teasing her nipple underneath his fingertip as he began to stroke her slit playfully. He pinched her nipple slightly as he did, causing her to gasp as a small moan escaped her lips. She fought ever urge to move her hips... forward would give him access to her pussy, backwards; she could grind back against his dick. 

Unfortunately for her, she didn't have time to choose as he walked away, towards the front door. She was confused momentarily, but felt him return. He stopped in front of her, kissing her previously neglected side of her neck. Her head fell to the other side, wanting to reach out and wrap her arms around him. As her hands came up, he caught them and put them back down to her side. 

How he can keep himself so in control, she thought. By now, he normally had her on the bed and was having his way with her. He obviously was having his way with her currently, but this was different. 

She was brought out of her thoughts when she felt his warm breath over her nipple, just before he playfully took it into his mouth. This felt different to Skylar, but she attributed it on her heightened sense of excitement, and possibly his as well. He playfully sucked her left nipple into his mouth before playfully biting it. Then he moved his attention to the other nipple. Her back arched and she adjusted her feet to keep her balance. He kissed his way down her navel, and stopped just short of her pubic hair. 

He moved back away and walked to wards the door again. He returned a moment later, and took her by the hand. Victor led her to the bedroom toward the bed. Skylar began to climb in the bed before she was stopped. Victor told her that he didn't instruct her to do so. She stopped, as he stood behind her, and bent her over the edge of the bed. She rested her weight towards her upper body, firmly planted on the bed. Victor used his legs and spread hers around him. 

As she lay there, feeling exposed, she felt him walk away a moment, returning a short time later. She felt him kneeling behind her, teasing her with his breath on her pussy lips. She raised her hops slightly as she felt him move closer. He began licking her lips causing a moan to escape her mouth. She began to push back slightly before he placed his hand on her hips, pushing her back into position. 

He pushed his tongue between her lips, which might have been her first clue that it wasn't Victor behind her. She knew Victor's style, and this wasn't it. She panicked slightly at first, but relaxed. She knew that Victor was there, and he wouldn't let anything happen. 

She heard another set of footsteps. Victor must have sensed her discomfort and was coming to reassure her. She relaxed a bit more until she felt the hand on her head. It wasn't Victor's. It was bigger, more powerful. The hand grabbed her and made her body move so that her head was at the edge of the bed. She began to open her mouth to protest slightly, but before she could mouth a word, there was a cock against her lips. 

She knew for sure this wasn't Victor as the head was bigger and thicker than his. She was trying to get her mind around the situation, however, her body was overriding her brain, adjusting and enjoying as her mouth opened wider to accommodate the dick against her lips. Her hips rose momentarily to take the tongue inside her. 

She tried to put her hands underneath her to make herself more accommodating. The person behind her grabbed her hands and held them behind her back. Then she felt both hands on her head, pulling her deeper onto the cock. A moment later, she thought she was going to choke on it. The person began to thrust his cock slowly, fucking her face. He pushed his cock in as far as she could take it before sliding it back out. He guided her head expertly, helping her take a cock much thicker than she ever had before. With each stroke, she went a little deeper. After a while, she wanted to see how big this dick was, as she couldn't feel his body against her face, but she couldn't possibly take much more. 

The person behind her stopped eating her soaked pussy. He got to his knees and ran his cock up and down her slit. It wasn't as thick as either Victor's or the person in front of her, but she easily knew that it would do what she needed sooner rather than later. He pushed the head in slowly, as Skylar did what she could to push back against him. He placed both hands on her ass, holding her in place. 

Doing so, freed her hands, allowing her to use her hands. She propped herself up slightly, reaching her hand between her legs, then using her other hand to stroke the cock in her mouth. She opened her mouth even wider, involuntarily gasping as she realized that even in the deepest thrust of her throat; she could still get her hand around his cock and still could give a very decent hand job. Her legs spread wider in her excitement, wanting to be fucked by both cocks. 

The guy behind her took the queue and buried his cock deep into her. She felt the balls against her pussy lips and realized how deep he was inside her. Whoever these guys were, Victor chose very well. She pushed her hips back, and started fucking back against him, as she hungrily devoured the cock in her mouth. She moaned and enjoyed herself, rubbing her clit as she felt both her holes being filled. 

The two guys found a rhythm that worked well, moving Skylar with ease back and forth on their dicks. The guy behind her started slapping her ass with sharp, audible hits, causing Skylar to moan even more. Over the time that the three were in this position, Skylar had dozens of small orgasms, causing a wet spot to form on the floor below her. She was sure that she had never cum so much before and she knew that she wasn't going to be finished any time soon. 

The guy in front slowly pulled his cock out of her mouth slowly. Skylar tried to grasp for it, but found herself feeling empty as the man behind her pulled out as well. She was confused until she was grabbed by the hair and lifted to her feet. 

She was moved towards the head of the bed. She heard the bed groan with a bit of weight landing on it. Feeling a hand on her hips, she was guided between a man's legs. She felt the muscles of his quads and thighs as she moved closer. Both guys helped her straddle the legs she was between. As she moved up his body, she realized that it was the man whose cock was in her mouth as her slit rubbed against his shaft. It felt longer and thicker than it did in her mouth. 

She spread her legs as her knees straddled his hips. She pushed back slightly as she felt the head of the cock in between her pussy lips. She pushed back against him, moaning quite audibly as she took the head of the dick inside her. She was going to take her time to get accustomed to the dick until she felt the hands on her hips slamming her down on the length. She was forcefully held into place as her body began to spasm on the cock. She felt as if she would be split in two, 
