 Though this story is fiction. Sean and Lia are real and a lot of fun.

***

It is one of those hot balmy days in Sydney, so sitting outside at a bar drinking cold beer, alongside the Parramatta river, makes for a very pleasant place to be. I am here with three others, Shane, Marcus and Brad. We are chatting but there is a lot of nervous energy and anticipation within the group. We are waiting for two others to join us.

Sean and Lia are fashionably late, well ten minutes anyway. I have seen them approaching but the others have not recognized them as this will be the first time, they will have met.

Sean and Lia are a very sexy older couple. Sean really knows how to bring the style, he really is a cool dude. Lia is simply incredibly beautiful, I am sure the guys are going to think, wow, hot and sexy.

Lia is wearing a black Jayce lace sheath cocktail dress. Lace brings timeless romance and femininity to a fitted sheath dress topped with an illusion neckline and tipped with eyelash fringe. How do I know all this stuff, Sean shared the web site with me, where he bought this dress for Lia. One of the things Sean and I have in common is the love of sexy, having also shared the lingerie site but didn't let on what he had finally selected. 

Lia is clinging tightly to Sean's arm. She is wearing a large pair of dark sunglasses, what people don't see is that she is wearing a black sleeping mask behind those glasses. Lia is blindfolded and completely in the dark.

Sean brings Lia to the table and helps her get seated. The waitress comes and they order a white wine and a cold beer, she seems completely oblivious to Lia's sate. The guys have remained totally silent, as instructed.

Finally, Sean says. "Lia we are here with a friend today. Do you remember Willie."

Lia smiles. "Willie hi. It has been a while since we last caught up. Nice to see you again." Maybe releasing what she has just said, she laughs and touches her hand to the dark sunglasses. The guys are doing a great job of remaining dead quiet.

"Lia, Today I need you to do anything Willie asks, do you understand." Sean tells Lia.

"Yes sir."

"What are you going to do. Tell Willie."

"Anything he asks." Lia whispers.

So, I explain to Lia that today we are here for a Slave Auction. The winning bidder will be getting a slave to use, to help fulfill one of his own fantasies. However, this will be a secret bid auction. The bids will be between $50 and no more than $300. Sean already has a value on the Slave, and the person closest to that amount will win the Auction. Make no mistake money will exchange hands, this is a real Slave Auction.

"Lia, there are three other gentlemen here today. Shane is a 36-year-old construction worker. Marcus is a 57, a university lecturer and is married. Brad is 50 and works in Information Technology. Gentlemen meet Lia, our Slave today." I introduce the guys to Lia.

Lia remains quiet. Now I have each guy tell Sean what their fantasy is and how they would use the slave.

Shane requires someone who is completely discreet and outside his circle of friends. He wants the slave to join him in MMFF foursome with a couple he has met online. The couple is Bi and Shane is Bi-curious and sees this as a comfortably way of experimenting and exploring.

Marcus is married and wants to see his wife with other men. They have talked about it, not surprisingly she is very nervous. They though if there was another woman there also, it might make things easier. So, he is looking for a small group. MMMFF. Also, girl on girl would be hot. 

Brad is a little different. He would like to tie the slave up and then give her the ultimate slow sensual pussy massage. However, Brad also has an interest in orgasm denial and toys and believes all three of these things could make for an interesting afternoon.

As for me, today I don't get a fantasy, but would like to be invited to Marcus's party, it sounds like fun.

Again, I speak to Lia. "Of course, we cannot expect the bidders to make an offer with out first inspecting the goods. With that in mind, I have arranged for an apartment that is close by."

Finishing our drinks, the apartment is only two minutes' walk. Lia remains blindfolded and needs to hold tight to Sean.

Once in the apartment I have the guys take a seat but we leave Lia standing, sunglasses are gone, mask remains. Just for a few minutes I signal the guys to remain completely silent again. Lia stands there and I am sure it is a little unnerving. 

"Lia that dress is so sexy, and you look incredible but would you take it off please." I politely instruct.

Lia unzips herself, slips the dress off her shoulders and wiggles it down to around her ankles, then steps out of it. Fuck that is hot. Sean has not disappointed with the lingerie he has selected. 

Lia is wearing a black lacy slip, no bra and no panties, my cock is hard and I am pretty dam sure it has the same effect on the others. That whole going out in public with no panties I just find so naughty.

"Lia do you masturbate?" A simple question.

"Yes." Is her simple reply.

"Is your pussy wet Lia?"

"Yes." Another simple question and answer.

"Good." I lead Lia to the couch and help her find her seat. "Lia, I need you to slip your hand up inside that sexy slip and play with yourself. Do not let the gentlemen see your pussy. Understand!" 

Lia does not reply but does slip her hand up under the slip and starts to do as she has been told. I look to Sean who gives a small nod showing that he is cool with the way things are going.

Lia has hardly begun to play with her pussy, when she lets out the first little moan. "Oh...mmm...oh." It is no surprise Lia's arousal levels are high. Any half smart guy knows great sex starts a long time before the pussy is involved. So far this afternoon we have taken Lia on quite a journey and I am sure she is anticipating that it is going to get a lot better.

We watch quietly as Lia works her pussy, while getting more vocal. "Oh...oh yeah, fuck...oh...oh...oh. She pants. "Oh my, oh my...Fuck yes."

Sean has had a quiet word to the boys. Who then start telling her how hot this is. Then they start asking for Lia to lift her slip, so they can see her fucking herself with her fingers.

"Come on slave girl Lia show us that pussy? Show us how wet you are?" They encourage then demand. "Come on slave girl, you are meant to do as you are told, show us that pussy." They continue.

"Oh fuck...CAN'T... CAN'T." She shouts. "Fuck no...fuck no...oh...oh...oh."

"Why not Lia, you are the slave girl are you not?" Marcus asks.

"Can't, can't..." She is becoming breathless. "Willie said I can't. Master says I have to do what Willie asks. Can't...oh...oh...fuck...ahhhh... I am cuming oh yes." Lia slumps back, taking a little time to gather herself.

While Lia takes a little time to catch her breath, we have the guys get naked, it is time for some fun.

"Lia sit up, I would like to introduce you to Shane. Reach out and see what you can find." Is the instruction I give Lia.

Shane is now standing right in front of Lia and I am sure, though blindfold, she still can sense his presence Her hand goes straight to his cock finding it first time. I laugh to myself, the slave girl has a sixth sense for cock. With that, Shane has quite a tidy package. A good six inches and thick.

Lia leans forward and takes Shane's cock into her mouth, first the head, then all the way down, Lia sucks Shane's cock. Though we can not see it, I know from experience Lia is doing magic things with her tongue. Really being able to suck cock well is an art form. A lot of woman just wank you with their mouth. Not Lia, she sucks and teases you like very few others. My theory is, you give head to get head. However, there are those, both men and woman who just enjoy giving. Which, like with Lia, leads to something amazing.

Few minutes and we can all see the effect Lia is having on Shane. This is a slave auction and none of these guys own the slave yet. So, no cuming and certainly no cuming in her mouth. Well not just yet.

Next up is Marcus, his cock is average, like most of the population. This time Lia takes a little different approach. She runs her tongue up and down the shaft. Then sucks Marcus's balls taking them all the way into her mouth. Before taking him fully into her mouth. Lia repeats this technique over and over, before we decide it is best that Marcus taps out.

Now Brad steps forward and he does have a big cock. Probably as thick as Shane but at least seven and half or more inches long. When Lia takes it in her hand she smiles. Yes, yes cock size doesn't matter, but Lia once told me it can be quite something, if a guy with a big cock actually knows how to use it. Guys with big cocks can at time just rely on that. Time will tell if Brad knows how to use it or not.

Lia seems to take some pride as she shows us how easily she can handle Brad's big cock. Again, we do not let things go to far but this won't be the last time this afternoon Lia will have the guys cocks in her mouth.

Shane and I lead Lia into the bedroom where a king-sized bed awaits. I ask Shane to help Lia out of that sexy black slip. Shane drops the straps from her shoulders and it falls to the ground. The guys seem to take a collective deep breath, as they see Lia naked for the first time. Double D breasts with pinkish aerosols and hard nipples. Lia keeps her pussy shaven and if the guys look closely the will see the sparkle of some jewelry, a silver ring with diamond studs. What they do not see just yet are her amazing pussy lips.

Shane leans forward and kisses Lia. She wraps her arms around Shane's neck and pulls him in. Locking her lips to his as she grinds against his body and hard cock. They both let out a little moan. 

Time to move on. Lia is instructed to lay back on the bed, she keeps her legs closed. Lia is a good slave and understands her role. Teasing and tormenting the bidders comes naturally. Slowly she spreads, showing all, her glistening wet pussy and those amazing pussy lips. To gasps of admiration from not only the bidders but also Sean and I. 

"Brad I think it is time for you guys to return the favor to Lia." I didn't have to ask twice, before Brad is on the bed and his mouth on Lia's pussy. At this point I have no idea if Brad knows how to fuck but he does know how to eat pussy.

It is not long before Lia the Slave Girl is purring and moaning. I do not know about you, for me there is nothing more erotic than the sounds of a women's pleasure.

"Mmm... oh, oh..." Lia pants over and over. Lia raises her hips and pushes herself onto Brads mouth. Brad slides his hands under and takes hold of her arse. Just as I though he would, as Lia gets close to cuming, he stops teasing her. Taking his mouth away and moving his hands to her outer thighs. Lia complains and begs but Brad is disciplined. Remember Brad has an interest in orgasm denial. Three times we let Brad take Lia to the brink. All that time she is pleading but not once is she tempted to move her hands to her pussy, to release the orgasm that is building in side of her. Lia is a good slave girl.

Time to switch, and Marcus is sent in to make Lia cum. Marcus also seems to be a bit of an expert on licking pussy. Lia is soon riding Marcus's mouth as she had Brad's. This time Marcus takes Lia the Slave girl over the top, with her guttural scream and her body shaking, Lia cums.

Now Brad leans over and sucks on one of Lia's nipples, causing her to give a little gasp. Shane follows Brad's lead and takes the other into his mouth. Marcus is gently and slowly running the back of his hand up the inside of her thigh and over her pussy. This gives our slave girl a little time to recover.

Shane lays down on the bed and Lia sits on his face. Brad moves forward and kisses the sweet mouth of the slave girl Lia. In her lust she devours him, while all the time slowly grinding on Shane's mouth. 

Finally breaking from Brad's mouth, she drops down and swallows Shane's cock, taking it all the way to the hilt. All afternoon the Slave girl has been aroused, but now she is becoming feverish. Coming off Shane's cock and reaching for Marcus's, then taking Brad's, all time grinding harder and harder on Shane's mouth. 

"I need a cock in side my cunt, a needed to be fucked." she pleads. "My cunts on fire...Its not my pussy...it's not my pussy', it's my cunt. Please fuck... Willie, Master make them fuck me please..."The slave is now begging.

"Get on your back then slave girl, it's time for the gentlemen to sample that fine pussy of yours." I shout with some gusto.

"Cunt."She whispers. "It's my Çunt."

Lia is on her back, head facing the end of the bed. Marcus pushes her legs up high towards her head and slides his cock into a very wet pussy. "God this is so hot." Marcus declares. "I can not wait to see my wife fucked like this." He pants, we can all see Marcus is getting very excited. 

The slave girl can all so sense it. "Oh, fuck me...cum in me ...fill me up ...cum in my cunt." Lia screams out. Marcus is excited and close.

Then there is Sean's authoritative voice. "Do not cum in her. You do not own the slave yet." With some disappointment Marcus pulls out.

The slave wails. "Oh, please cum in my cunt."

Shane turns the slave over and takes her from behind, Brad moves forward and Lia take's his cock in her mouth. The boys are spit roasting the slave. Lia is cuming again, bucking and thrashing, Shane hangs on and continues to pound the slave. Lia seems to come down then explode again with another orgasm. Falling flat on her stomach. 

Brad replaces Shane. Lia's on her stomach, Brad enters her with his big cock, she squeezes her legs together. Brad does what guys with big cock do, pounds away. Bam, bam, bam. It seems to be just what a slave girl wants and needs. She is not interested in the subtilities, she just needs to be fucked.

Again, Lia is calling for her cunt to be filled with cum. This time Sean gives Brad the nod. As Brad cums, filling Lia, she follows suit, cuming on Brad's big cock.

A pussy full of cum is no deterrent to Marcus, as he now mounts Lia, much to her pleasure, it is not long before Lia is cuming again and receiving her second load of cum.

Shane decides to have Lia sucks his cock. We can all see he is getting close, Lia can feel it. Just before he cums Shane takes his cock from Lia's mouth and cums all over her beautiful tits. Lia the slave girl smiles, runs a finger through the cum and into her mouth.

This is a slave auction, so it is time for a little demonstration. Sean sends Shane off to the bathroom to grab a towel. Shane comes back with a hand towel, causing me to laugh out loud. "You are going to need something bigger than that buddy." I joke. Shane returns with a large fluffy white towel, that Sean places under Lia's butt and pussy. 

The guys know somethings up. Sean brings out his toy. It is a strange looking vibrator. It has a handle with a tennis sized ball on the end. It also has a second ball protruding out about four inches up the handle.

Buzz, Sean at first use the strange looking vibrator as a magic wand, Lia immediately lifts her hips up off the bed and purrs. "Mmmm" Sean works two fingers into Lea's pussy. "Oh my...oh my..." She likes that.

Sean now works the ball of the vibrator into the slave girl's pussy, into to her cunt as Lia likes to call it. Tilting the handle forward the second ball goes to work on her clit. The reaction is instant. "Oh, my fucking god, fuck my cunt with that master, fuck me, fuck me..." Lia is squealing with delight, and now cuming loud and hard.

Sean is not finished, he removes the toy with a loud pop, replacing it with two fingers, with a well-practiced technique Sean goes to work on Lia's G spot. You can hear the sloshing sound of her wet and excited cunt. Then in a flash Sean removes his fingers, Lia squirts, screams and cums. Fingers back in, Lia continues to cum, another huge squirt. I look to the gentlemen bidders, they are mesmerized. Way to sell her Sean.

We finally remove Lia's mask, she rewards each of the guys with a big smile and a passionate kiss. Before heading to the bathroom to clean up. 

Once the guys have cleaned up, it is auction time. Each guy writes down his number. I take it and place it face down on the table, but not before I have had a peek at each amount. We let them sit there, letting the tension build. The boys get a drink, I secretly single Sean, Marcus's bid. 

Lia the slave girl belongs to Sean, so it is Sean who has decided on what fantasy to fulfil. However, I am sure he will get both Shane's and Brad's phone numbers off me, this will not be the last time they get to play with Lia and Sean.

Marcus is excited and the other two boys are sent home. However, given the afternoon they have just had, they cannot be disappointed.

Marcus hands over $210 the winning bid to Sean, who then hands it directly to Lia. With a cheeky little grin, says. "Payed for your serves dear." More than one fantasy going on here.

Marcus is keen to ring his wife, but before he does Lia gets hold of his phone and takes a photo of her pussy. "Send your lovely wife this and tell her we are looking forward to meeting her." 

Marcus does just that.

His wife reply. 'Omg. We are really doing this. Omg' 

Much to Marcus's surprise he then gets a second text. 'A photo of his wife's pussy.' After that you can understand Marcus is quite keen to get home.

Once Marcus has left, I offer to take Lia and Sean out to dinner at this amazing little Italian restaurant that is just around the corner.

As Sean and I walk arm in arm with the beautiful Lia, she looks up with a cheeky grin. "Please tell, once you two boys have wined and dined me. You are going to take me home and sixty-nine me. Well fuck me silly at least." That has us all laughing so hard it hurts.