 Editor's Note: story contains explicit gay male sex.

*

The mountains around us looked like they would succumb to all the snow that was piled on them. The sun was reflecting and as we rolled into St. Anton I took my Ray Bans out of my purse and put them on. I also took out my makeup and using the vanity mirror I applied lipstick and touched up the mascara. A girl has to look good, it doesn't matter if you are bone tired.

The little village was coming awake and a few people strolled down the street looking for a place to have breakfast. 

St. Anton is located in the Tyrol province of Austria and is famous for its skiing. It's a place where the rich and famous gather during the winter to ski, drink, eat and have fun. The village is so small you can walk straight through it in less than an hour. A little known fact is that the legendary Orient Express used to have a stop in St. Anton many, many years ago.

"Finally, we are here," said Mark and stretched as much as he could in the front passenger seat.

"About time. My eyes are hurting from the glaring snow," said Gary who was driving.

"I need something to drink and eat," I said.

"Holy shit, look at that," said Gary and laughed.

I turned and saw a Ferrari parked on the street. It had snow chains on its wheels and skis attached to the roof. As we moved along I saw other exotic sports cars also with snow chains. It must be a bitch to get up the snowy roads on those wide tyres I thought.

Gary slowed the SUV down and pointed at a building to our left. "That's us."

"At last, Let's check in and then meet in the restaurant for breakfast," said Mark.

******

I had met Mark in college ten years earlier. He was a cool frat boy and I was the even cooler sorority chick. We met during a party which I don't remember much of because I was dead drunk that evening and so many more. What I did remember the day after was the tall handsome young man who had taken care of me, making sure no guy dragged me into their room and had their way with my perfect body.

From that day on we became very good friends. Sure, we fucked once or twice during those four years but we stayed friends which was the base of our relationship. After graduation he moved to the west coast and I stayed in the middle. We kept in contact and he turned out to be a very good at making money. After a couple of years I learned that he had become a multi-millionaire.

We met up once in Los Angeles and that's when he dropped the A-bomb on me.

We were sitting in a fancy restaurant after having a fantastic dinner. I was comfortably drunk on red expensive wine when he leaned in and almost whispered over the table.

"Hanna, I want you to know something about me."

"Yeah, sure."

"I'm bisexual"

Suddenly I was sober as a nun and stared at him before saying, "Since when?"

"Many years now, it started back in college."

"So you mean, what you and I did, that was trial fucking to see if women turned you on?"

He laughed. "No, I liked you and I liked you in bed, you are a hot chick."

I gave him a sideways look. "I'm too old to be called a chick. Anyway, is this a sure thing or are you still experimenting?"

He drank from his wine before saying, "I am sure, I like both men and women."

"Cool, I have no problems with that. Actually, it could be fun comparing notes sometime, I mean you must know as much as I about cocks."

He laughed and then paid the bill. 

That happened five years ago and we kept in contact all the time, e-mails, phone calls, Skype. We were close friends and I loved him as one.

Mark called me one morning in January and asked if I wanted to go on a ski vacation with him and his boyfriend. When I asked where and he told me Austria, I said yes, but that I didn't want to be the third wheel. Mark promised I wouldn't and three days later we met at JFK.

******

My room was big with a separate living room. The view was astonishing, showing part of the village and the majestic mountains behind it. I had skied a bit as a kid with my parents but those slopes were nothing compared to what I was looking at. I knew that Mark and Gary sometimes flew to Aspen or Vail for a weekend in Mark's jet, but the last time I had skied was twenty years ago.

After unpacking and hanging up my clothes I took a quick shower and dressed in jeans and several layers of T-shirts and sweaters.

"There you are," said Gary who was just sitting down after picking up his food from the buffet. 

Mark was already munching away at cheeses, hams and other, to me unknown, Austrian delicacies.

"Sorry, I needed a shower," 

The drive from Zurich had been long and tiring in the night. Our flight had arrived just after three in the morning local time and before getting into the rented SUV it was almost five.

I came back from the buffet with my plate filled and sat down at the table

"What's the plan, guys?"

Mark sipped on his tea and said, "Find the ski rental shop and get geared up. I'm not wasting time hanging around the hotel. I want to ski."

Gary nodded and I said, "Sounds fine to me."

"Please remember I haven't skied in a long time," I added.

Mark smiled. "Don't worry; I am sure they have kiddie slopes around here."

"Fuck off."

******

By lunch time my legs felt like over cooked spaghetti so after a simple lunch in a restaurant located on top of one of the mountains, I told the guys I would head back to the hotel. We agreed to meet for drinks before dinner.

Back in my room I lay in my bed for a while resting my poor body. Everything hurt and I lay there moaning. My eyes couldn't stay open and after a while I nodded off.

When I woke it was almost dark outside and after checking the time I got up and made my way to the bathroom where I peeled off all the layers of clothing. Standing under the hot water in the shower my body slowly regained its strength.

The shower stall was one of those fancy ones with multiple jet streams coming at you from all sides and low and behold, one was just at the right height for my pussy.

At this point in the story it is important to let you know I am single and enjoying it. Some might call me a slut but I am a big believer in women's rights. Having sex with men they may have just met, is every woman's choice. In short, I would fuck a different guy every weekend and I have a few favourites on speed dial if something goes wrong, which it seldom did.

At thirty-five I am striking brunette with blue eyes and a strong nose. My body is in good shape but I wouldn't mind having bigger tits. Not that my B cups are sagging or anything but I think I would look better with a C cup. There is a savings account where I deposit money for my operation but it's a couple of years away.

I like to keep my pubic hair neat but I am not shaved. I tried that but it itched like a mother fucker. I dress sensually and sometimes even sexy. I don't wear much makeup and I'm careful with the perfume, and since I don't mind fucking married men I don't want them to carry my fragrance home. I am considerate that way.

The water jet hit my clit with a vengeance and it didn't take long until I had to put my hands against the tiles for support. I let go of one hand and spread my pussy lips a little so the jet would hit my clit straight on and with a long moan I slid to the floor with a stupid grin on my face.

******

"Hi guys," I said when I walked into the hotel bar. I wore black slacks and a thick turtle neck sweater. 

"Hey, how are you feeling," said Gary.

After sitting down on one of the bar stools I said, "Fine, but my legs will hurt tomorrow."

"Don't worry; before you go to bed I will give you a cream that will make them relax so you will be okay in the morning."

They were drinking beers and I asked for a glass of white wine. The bar was quite full of people sitting around low tables. In one corner a fire roared and a couple of older people sat around it with blankets over their legs. There was a soft murmur in the air and the smell of fire wood made it very cosy. 

I turned back to Gary. "How did you guys meet?"

He took Mark's hand and squeezed it. "We met at a conference in Las Vegas. He walked up to me and asked if we could have a drink together. One look at him and I said yes."

I smiled. "That is so cute, love at first sight?" Did you fuck that same day?"

Gary blushed but it was Mark who said, "That's none of your business."

"Oh, c'mon, tell me. We have no secrets."

"We did," said Gary and kissed Mark.

Taking a drink from my wine, I cocked my head and said, "Mark, are you a top or a bottom?"

He burst out laughing. "Why do you ask?"

"I think you are a top, you like to be in charge, I remember that much from the times we did it."

I immediately regretted what I had said. The look on Gary's face told me that Mark hadn't explained everything about our relationship."

"Sorry guys it just slipped out," I said.

Gary looked at Mark and said, "Don't worry, we all have past lives and lovers. You are a good looking woman, so it doesn't surprise me that you slept with each other."

"To answer your question we switch," Mark said with a grin.

I excused myself and went to the bathroom. I had a very hard time imagining Mark taking it up the ass; he was such a macho type of guy. While doing my thing in the bathroom, I thought of what it would be like to see Mark and Gary in action. Would they groan with pain as one penetrated the other or were they quiet lovers? The more I thought about it the hornier I got. It was a very strange feeling because I had seen one or two gay porn flicks on the internet and it hadn't done anything for me. 

They were rough and not very sensual at all. I preferred hot girl on girl action or normal sex between a man and a woman. A crazy thought hit me, could I possibly ask them if I could watch? I was sure Mark would be okay with it but Gary might not. It was worth investigating further I decided when I wiped my swollen pussy.

When I walked towards the bar, I noted that Gary and Mark were in a heated discussion. I held back and went over to the open fire and warmed my hands against it. A couple of the old gents gave me a few looks and I smiled back at them. They probably wanted to stick their shrivelled dicks in me but I am not into men three times my age.

After a while, Gary and Mark calmed down and I walked up to them. There was a new glass of wine at my seat and I drank from it before saying, "I am hungry, should we eat?"

"Yeah, sure, that's a good idea," said Gary and slipped off his stool. When Mark was about to follow him I put my hand on his shoulder and held him back.

"Is everything okay?" I asked.

He sighed. "I guess. Gary is a bit stressed, that's all?"

"Why?"

"Work, he might get fired when he goes back next week."

"Wow, that's no good."

"No it's not. He loves his job."

I finished my wine and we walked hand in hand into the dining room where Gary was already seated.

"Are you okay?" I said to him when I sat down.

"Sure. Let's order, I am starving."

The evening was very pleasant and there was no more arguing between them. After a three-course dinner we made our way back to the bar where we sat down in front of the fire with three cognacs. My head was spinning a bit and I had that lazy drunk smile on my face. Gary and Mark were talking business but my mind was on cocks and assholes. I just couldn't get the image of them together out of my brain. After a while I tired of them talking about work so I turned to Mark.

"Can I ask you guys a question?"

"Sure," he said.

"Would it be okay for me to watch you go at it?"

They both stared at me as if I were crazy. I gave them a grin and a shrug. "C'mon, let me watch, please?"

Mark cleared his throat. "Gary is not as open minded as you and I don't think he would be okay with that."

I turned my eyes to Gary and raised my eyebrows. "What do you think, Gary?"

He laughed a small laugh and drank from his cognac. Then he put his hand on Mark's leg and said, "Like I said before, we do have our past lovers and sex life and it so happens that for a while I was into orgies and stuff so no, I don't have a problem you watching us."

"Holy shit, that is so cool," I said. Mark stared at his boyfriend and after a moment said, "I'll be damned, I had no idea."

Gary just smiled and then said, "Let's get the show on the road."

******

I decided to lay off the booze and opened a bottle of water before I sat down in the chair facing Gary and Mark's double bed. I wanted my head clear for the show.

They were both taking off their clothes and when Gary turned to me I was surprised to see he had a long thick cock which hung limp between his legs.

"Wow, that's some dick you got there," I said.

"Thanks, you just wait until it becomes hard."

I knew that Mark carried an eight incher but Gary's was longer and thicker. I licked my lips wondering how it would feel to have it inside me but brushed away the thought as soon as it entered my mind, he was gay after all.

Mark and Gary began to kiss and fondle each other's cocks and within seconds they were both rock hard. I leaned forward in my seat to see better and knew I was already moist.

Mark knelt before his boyfriend and slowly took his cock in his mouth.

"Wow, that's so fucking sexy," I said in a husky voice.

"He is a great cock sucker," moaned Gary before closing his eyes.

Mark bobbed his head up and down while stroking the shaft and massaging Gary's balls. His lips were stretched tight around the dick and I realized I had formed an O with my own lips as if in preparation to give a blowjob.

Mark must have seen it because he let go of Gary and said to me, "would you like a taste?"

I looked up at Gary who nodded.

"Don't mind if I do," I said and put away my water bottle.

Kneeling in front of Gary, next to Mark, I took his cock in my hand. It was hot and extremely hard. His cock head was big and when I began to suck on it, I tasted his pre-cum. I am an aggressive cock sucker and began to stroke him fast while sucking and licking on his shaft.

Mark left, but came back again, carrying a tube of lubrication in his hand. Gary looked down at me and said, "You are great, but I want to fuck my man now."

I released him from my grip and went back to my chair where I sat down, still hungry for more cock.

Mark began to spread lube on Gary's cock and when he was done he got on the bed, into a doggy position. I got up and walked over to them I wanted a closer look.

Gripping his shaft, Gary guided it to Mark's anus and when the tip touched him, he grabbed his hips and pushed himself inside.

"Oh, God, he is so big," moaned Mark.

My jaw dropped and I couldn't say a word as I watched the cock sliding into my ex-lover's ass. When Gary began to thrust, his balls slapped into Mark's and the sound made me even hornier.

I moved behind Gary and took his nuts in my hand gently massaging them as he fucked Mark slowly but deeply.

"Hey, Gary why don't we give Hanna what she really wants?" said Mark.

Gary moaned under my attention to his balls and said, "Sure, I am game."

I let go of his nuts and asked, "What are you two talking about?"

Gary continued fucking Mark and said, "we are both going to fuck you, that's what you want, isn't it?"

He was right, I did want them to give it to me but I had thought that wouldn't happen.

"Yeah, I do, please fuck me."

Gary pulled out of Mark and moved to the side so I could get on the bed. I quickly got undressed and crawled naked over the mattress until I was lying face up with my head on the pillow. Mark stood to my left and Gary at my feet.

"You still have a great body," said Mark while letting his gaze move up and down.

"Thanks, but stop talking and feed me your cock," I said and reached for him.

After scooting over a bit I could suck and stroke him and while I did, I felt Gary move up between my legs.

He pushed my legs up and then put them over his shoulders so he had better access to my yearning pussy.

Mark's cock opened my mouth wide when he pressed it inside me. I had to let go of it and take a few breaths before going back to sucking him.

"Wow, Hanna, when was the last time you had cock? You are as tight as a teenager," said Gary.

Mark knew my secret and said, "She does over a hundred Kegel exercises each morning to keep her coochie nice and tight."

I didn't care what they were talking about. I was in heaven having a hard cock in my mouth and another fucking me. Gary made my boobs bounce for each thrust and he reached deep inside me where few men had gone before.

"Oh yes, oh yes, almost there," moaned Mark and he was right. I could feel his shaft and balls getting ready to shoot its load and I wanted it badly.

At the same time Gary's breathing changed and he began to gasp. My own body reacted to the thrusting and I arched my back as it began sending wave after wave of orgasmic bliss.

At that moment Mark came and I swallowed hard like a good little slut but some cum ran down my cheek and onto the bed.

Gary exploded deep inside my, his hot cum shot out and he let go one final long moan.

*****

When I came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around me, Gary and Mark were sitting on the bed with drinks in their hands.

"How was that?" Gary said.

I smiled and then sighed as I sat down in the chair and reached for my water bottle. "It was fantastic, I had no idea you were into women."

Gary laughed, "I'm not but when Mark asked me, sorry, begged me to fuck you, I went along. I love him and want him to be happy."

I turned to Mark. "Did you plan this?"

"Oh please, Hanna, I know what a horny slut you are so I figured we might as well give it to you before you hooked up with some local man."

I raised my bottle and said, "Here is to you, thank you for fucking me and to many more fucks to come this week."

"Cheers," they said.