 This is a very long story about a time in college where I went skinny dipping with the RA and another guy with my roommate. Shenanigans ensued.

My freshman year of college, I was invited over to my RA's room to have some drinks on a weekend. The school I went to cleared out every weekend because a majority of students lived about an hour away, so they all went home to do laundry and get real food. My mom had moved recently and was now all the way across the country. So, I never went home anymore. My RA, Kyle was the same way, he was Canadian and never went home, so we did a lot of drinking on the weekends. He was older, 24 or 25, and I had just turned 18 and had been at college for about two months at that point.

This weekend was a bit different because my roommate, who I'd known since I was in first grade, decided not to go home so we could hang out all weekend - which was awesome cause I'd been pretty depressed lately and had just broken up with my HS boyfriend.

I texted back my RA and asked him if Laura could come over with me later to drink and watch a movie. He was into it so he went off to the store with his friend Ryan to get beer and snacks and vodka. Both he and Ryan were grad student RA's, and Ryan was a bit older but not sure how much.

Laura and I got in the ancient dorm showers which looked like gym showers, it was just a long line of showers and they were separated by a thin sheet of foggy plastic that didn't offer much privacy. The plastic started at about eye level and went to just below my butt. Laura and I are both pretty short, so it wasn't a big deal, but anyone over 5'4" would be staring at each other, and anyone under about 5'1" would be flashing their pussy at the people in the next shower over.

Laura is tiny, about 5'2", I could just see the top of her white pixie cut sticking up and the outline of her thin body and tiny boobs, but she had a bit of a bubble butt that was cute af. I'm a bit taller but have always been in good shape because I run so much.

Anyways, so we got cleaned up and Kyle and Ryan swung by and we walked back to Kyle's dorm room. Since he was the RA, there was no real concern of getting busted, plus like I said, the place was pretty much abandoned. We got back to his room and Ryan was rolling a joint and we started drinking beers and shooting vodka.

After about a solid two hours of dancing around and drinking and being stupid, Ryan said we should go to the gym and go swimming. It's a 24 hour work out center, but the pool closes at 9pm - but he had keys because he used to be a lifeguard. Ryan was a pretty talented swimmer and had a super chiseled body. He was about 5'10" and had a shaved head. Kyle was around 6'1" and had a more lumberjack type body, shaggy beard and hair and broad shoulders. They were both super cute and smart, but they kind of treated us like kids cause we were freshmen. Lots of calling us little girls and kiddo and stuff, it was annoying but they were still pretty fun to hang out with.

It was an olympic size pool, and we all started climbing in the stairs side. The pool area was pretty dark and damp. We didn't prepare by grabbing suits or anything. Kyle and Ryan just stripped down to their boxers. Laura stripped down to a green thong with a clover on the crotch and a blue sports bra. I was in kind of chill mode, so I was wearing running shorts with nothing underneath and a black tank top with no bra, so I just dove into the pool wearing all that and all three of them instantly started teasing me.

So, never one to be one upped, I pulled off my wet tank top and threw it at Ryan's head. He and Kyle were chanting, "One of Us, One of Us," and Laura took off her sports bra and threw it over onto the edge of the pool. She had very small, perky tits and had her left nipple pierced which became an instant topic of conversation with the guys.

In retaliation Kyle slipped out of his boxers and threw them at my face. In the shimmering underwater light, I could see the outline of his dick, and it looked pretty big, I was surprised. He looked over at Ryan and he followed suit, pulling his boxers off in one move while treading water.

Laura looked at me and I could tell she was into it. I smiled and pulled my shorts off and threw those at Kyle who caught them and then turned and tossed them into the bleachers along the pool.

"Jerk," I laughed. He smiled. I let them hang, dripping on a seat halfway up the stands.

I turned and Laura was smiling, I reached down and grabbed the waist of her thong and yanked hard, she floated hard against me and they didn't tear like I thought they would, so I shoved her and while she was laughing she yanked the panties out of her butt crack and tossed them to the side of the pool.

Kyle swam close to me and he reached his hands out, I took them in my own and he slowly swiped in circles and I could feel the warm water flowing over my body, and being a bit drunk and high, it felt really nice. I spread my legs a bit and could feel the water flowing through my short pubes and over my pussy lips and it just felt great. I let my head dip in the water and just let the feeling happen. I hadn't been naked in a pool since forever and it was awesome.

When I lifted my head out of the water, I saw Ryan and Laura hanging off the wall in the deep end with their shoulders touching. Kyle stopped spinning and swimming me in long circles and my body drifted against his, and his hard dick pressed right against my stomach. I smiled at him and he apologized a bit and swam off in a way that I could tell he wanted me to chase him, but I didn't.

I got out of the pool and walked up the bleachers to get my clothes and when I turned all three of them were staring at me.

"Did you like that?" I asked, talking about bending over to pick them up.

They all smiled at the same time.

"Assholes," I laughed and shook my boobs at them.

Laura whistled and Kyle was fist pumping.

"Can we go back and get drunk?" I asked, getting kind of bored with just sitting in chlorine.

I walked back to where the showers were and was rinsing my clothes off and washing the chlorine out of my hair (I hate chlorine if you can't tell). The guys showers where I was at were just one big open room with shower heads poking out of the walls all over the place.

I had my head under the water when I heard a, "Hey," and I pushed the water off my face and looked to see Kyle walking in. He was casually walking towards me, but had his probably eight inch cock rock hard pointing straight at my face. He had zero shame, and I wasn't about to let him think he was embarrassing me or putting me on the spot.

"Hey yourself there," he walked right towards me and awkwardly put his hands on my face in some sort of about to kiss me gesture, then he just shoved his open mouth against my mouth and I kind of had no idea how to react. I kinda went with it and we were in the process of the sloppiest make out session I've ever had in my life. He was licking my face and grinding his cock into my hip bone.

I pulled back and said, "let's go back and get some drinks," but I said it in like a sexy way while walking away and making my walk look sexy. He followed and when we got back to the pool, Ryan and Laura were furiously making out and I could see her stroking him under the water.

Kyle did the cowboy lasso movement, "let's go!"

We walked across campus in our soaked clothes, my nipples were leading the way poking out from behind my tank top. I could still see both Kyle and Ryan's pants bulging out of control.

Back in his dorm room, he passed out some towels and shots and we started drinking again heavily. Both Laura and I put our wet clothes in a bag and were rocking towels as dresses as we started drinking more. Usually I'd be self aware of that, but at this point we'd all seen each other naked, so it didn't really matter.

We were listening to music and dancing around and being stupid again, and Ryan and Laura were laying on the bed in their wet towels. The only light in the room were these cheesy christmas lights that Kyle had strung around the room.

Kyle and I were both sitting in his desk chair butt to butt, and we were staring at Ryan and Laura who were side by side on the bed, and both their towels had fallen open, and Laura's hand was resting on the base of his cock.

Kyle and I looked at each other, and he whispered to me, "don't make a sound, let's see what happens," they seemed to forget we were there. They went from both looking at her phone to kissing and heavily making out, and her hand went from resting to actively stroking his dick.

We were sitting in the same chair at the end of the bed and Kyle opened a beer and handed it to me without breaking his view of Laura now on her hands and knees, with her bare ass up in the air right in our face, as she moved down and took his cock into her mouth.

It was pretty surprising. I'd seen her have sex a few times, but never like this. It was always under a comforter on the other side of the room and muffled sounds and her trying really hard to be quiet. Now, all of her inhibitions were gone, and she was bobbing her head up and down on Ryan's dick and he was laying back with his eyes rolling around moaning with her naked pussy a foot from our faces.

I reached out and ran my hands across her ass, and I thought she would look back, but instead she pushed her ass hard against my hand. I cupped my hand between her legs over her pussy lips and ran a finger along her clit and she arched her back and moaned. Kyle looked shocked and amazed and like he just won the lottery at once. He reached out and started rubbing Laura's ass also and made a shocked face at me as she pushed against us. He had one hand on her ass, and the other on his cock through the towel.

"Here," I said, and pulled his towel off. I reached over the bed and pulled off Laura's and Ryan's towels and tossed them all in the corner, then threw mine on top. Kyle was pretty openly stroking his cock as Laura was sucking off Ryan with her ass in the air and Kyle now had two fingers buried inside her. I couldn't tell if it was insanely sexy, or if I was super drunk and it was awkward. I leaned towards sexy and stopped over thinking things.

I sat back on the chair with him, and he turned, still with his fingers in my roommate and started kissing me, it was a bit less awkward this time, and he glided his fingers down across my tummy and pubes and slid them across my pussy lips.

"Wow, you are so wet," he whispered, and looked back at Laura and Ryan, then back at my face. I had this overwhelming feeling of wanting to show off. So, I looked intensely at him for a second, then I stood, and leaned into Laura's ass and licked her plump pussy lips and pushed my tongue inside of her. I felt Kyle reach between my legs and roll his finger over my swollen clit, and at the same time, Laura reached back, said, "Fuck" loudly and grabbed the back of my head. I felt her body move more, and she was sitting up more now and looking back at me very surprised. I'd never seen her look so hungry. She went back to making out with Ryan, and Kyle stood up and buried his face in her pussy. I stepped out of the way and ran my hands down his back and ass and started stroking his massive cock.

Laura moved forward and straddled Ryan and slid his cock inside of her and I realized this was the first time I was openly watching two people fuck right in front of me and it was so goddamn sexy. I could feel my clit throbbing and Kyle was running his hands over my flat, naked tummy and he pulled me back so my ass was against his chest.

I looked down and his cock was pointing straight up at me, and a fat drop of precum was sitting on it's head. I reached down and stroked it hard, and sat back and slid him inside of me, his cock was much bigger than any guy I'd ever been with and it stretched me out a lot. I was holding on to Ryan's leg, and he was looking right into my eyes as I lowered myself onto his best friend's cock and my roommate was pushing her hands down on his chest and grinding her pussy hard down onto his cock.

Kyle lifted me up, without pulling out, and set me face down on the bed, across Ryan's chest, and he grabbed my hips and started fucking me as hard as he could. It was so much and so intense I was flailing and Ryan was holding me down. I lost all control of any noises I was making. I looked to the right, and I was inches from Laura's pussy grinding down on Ryan's cock, I looked to the left and Ryan was running his hands through my hair and staring into my eyes while Kyle was grinding his cock inside of me from behind. I was a little drunk but so wet I could feel it down my thighs, and I could see how wet Laura was.

"Get up on the bed," Kyle said. It was a full size bed, and Laura and Ryan were taking up most of it, so I climbed over them and slid between them and the wall, my face was pressed against Ryan's neck. Laura reached down and buried her fingers inside my pussy and made me arch my back and freak out a bit while she smiled at me. Kyle said something to Ryan I didn't hear, and suddenly both Laura and I were on our hands and knees with our shoulders touching. She smiled at me and gasped, I looked back and saw Kyle grabbing her hips and sliding into her. Ryan had his giant hands sliding down my back, and he pushed himself inside of me, and I was a bit shocked, but too turned on to care.

Laura was smacking the bare mattress, and she grabbed onto my arm. Kyle's huge cock was driving her insane. She was looking up at me, and Ryan said, "Kiss her," and pushed my head towards her. We bumped lips and she latched on to me and before I realized we were making out. I felt someone slap my ass hard.

Ryan was grabbing hard onto my hips and going fast. Laura was bumping her head against mine to Kyle's rhythm as we kissed deeply. She pulled back and smiled and her eyes rolled and she buried her head into the sheets. I could see sweat beading on her back, and her breath was getting heavy.

Ryan pulled out of me and flipped me easily onto my back, and I felt kind of helpless in a wonderful way. He put one had on my breast and the other on my throat as he shoved his cock hard into me. We were both coated in sweat and breathing very heavy. Laura shifted and draped herself over my face as Ryan yelled out, and pumped round after round of cum into me. It was such a sudden shock I didn't expect it.

Ryan fell back and Kyle wasted no time at all, he spun me around the edge of the bed so my head was near him and had Laura straddling my face. She didn't even hesitate burying her face into my soaked, dripping pussy, and as I was about to do the same, Kyle shoved his massive cock inside of her an inch from my face.

She lost concentration and had just leaned her head against my inner thigh as Kyle pushed into her hard over and over again and her wet pussy dripped down across my face. He paused from fucking her and shoved his cock awkwardly into my mouth before sliding back inside of her.

After a few minutes he moaned loudly and pulled out and came all over my face as Laura had a very wet, loud orgasm. Laura turned around and pushed her sweaty, naked body against me and was panting heavily. She kissed my neck and cheek softly and I realized Ryan had left. Laura draped her arm over me and we spooned in the bed, Kyle handed me an old t-shirt and I wiped his cum off my face.

Kyle sat in the chair breathing heavily and I could feel Ryan's cum leaking out of me as Laura clung tightly to me.