 It was City High School 's five-year class reunion, in a city where a five-year reunion is the norm, as opposed to most places we know. Skylar came back from college after receiving a degree in photojournalism. Everyone knew Skylar as this quiet and reserved person that very few people hung out with, but knew. Jake and Ty were good students, but better athletes. They were what people call "bubble players" in the NFL. They either just make the team, or just miss the team, depending on the situation, though Jake's outlook looked better for the following season.

The reunion was located at the Ritz Hotel in downtown. The reception was in the ballroom that had a full bar inside. The only thing keeping it from being a club was that it was well lit, and the music was not shaking the floor; otherwise, it had more of a feel of a group of young people hanging out and drinking.

The evening started shortly after 8:00 pm, and drinking started a short time after. Around 11:00 pm, many of the people gathered in cliques and went about their way, with the wayward promises of keeping in touch that no one planned to keep. Come midnight, only a couple dozen or so people were still there. Skylar took a seat at the bar, when Jake and Ty walked over and caught up on old times.

One drink led to another. The conversation we started with topics including the weather and recent past to pleasures and fantasies. Skylar mentioned, almost boldly that she always wanted to be 'held to the mercy' of two guys. Jake confessed that he had a thing for Skylar since sophomore year.

Near midnight, the trio took stock of what was going on around them, and noticed that everyone else in the room was so drunk that they might as well be passed out. Jake took this as a cue to start kissing Skylar, as Ty started nibbling on her neck. Ty started stroking her thigh while Jake gently caressed her breasts.

A short time later, the guys invited Skylar to their room to continue this conversation, offering to bring up something for Skylar to drink.

While Ty grabbed some gin and appletinis for the evening, Jake and Skylar headed to the room. In the elevator, Jake pinned Skylar against the side of the elevator, lifting her against the wall, kissed and nibbled on her neck as his hands roamed all over her body. When the elevator door opened, Jake carried her into the penthouse suite, her legs wrapped around him

Once in the room, Jake led Skylar directly to the bed, leaving the door slightly open for Ty to join. Jake began to undress Skylar, starting with her shirt followed by her bra, kissing her more passionately. Jake leaned down and kissed her breasts, careful to avoid the nipples, but Skylar felt his breath softly tickling them. Jake then sat Skylar on the bed, kissing on the undersides of her breasts, as he removed her heels and stockings.

As Jake removed Skylar's skirt and thong, Ty entered the suite and closed the door. He put the bottles on the table next to the bed, and then knelt next to her legs, kissing and sucking on the other breast, as he let his fingertips play just a breath away from her pussy lips, while Jake continued to kiss Skylar.

As Ty kissed her, he teased her pussy lips with his fingertips, and he gently let his fingers glide over Skylar's slit. Jake walked over to the closet, grabbing lube and other things. Ty continued kissing her with passionately. When Jake returned, he helped Ty lift Skylar, to the head of the bed, as they flicked their tongues over her nipples.

As they lay Skylar on the bed, Ty took her arms, and put them above her head, tying her wrists together with one end of a silk tie, tying the other end of the tie to the headboard. Jake kissed Skylar's neck as he ran his fingertip up and down her slit. He felt her lift her hips, moving her pussy towards his finger. The last thing Skylar saw before they put the blindfold on her was each of them standing on the side of her, undressing.

They both began to kiss and nibble on Skylar's neck, working their way down her body, and sucking on her breasts. Both guys stroked her thighs and teased her by not touching her pussy, but getting close enough that if she moved her hips, she could brush against either of their hands. Ty moved his head down to flicker his tongue up and down her slit.

Jake repositioned himself to straddle Skylar's chest. He played with her breasts, and leaning down to kiss her. Jake then moved, positioned the head of his dick on Skylar's lips, and grabbed her by the back of her head, pulling her hair to help Skylar open her mouth wider to take in the head. Jake pulled her head closer, and pushed his cock down her throat, asking her if she liked it. When she went to respond, he pushed his cock even further in.

Ty spread her pussy lips, flicked his tongue just under her clit, down to her hole, and snaked in his tongue.

Jake then moved off to one side. While keeping his dick in Skylar's mouth and watching her take as much of it as she could, Jake pushed her to go further. Jake pulled and tugged on her nipple as he slowly thrusts into her mouth, watching her work back and forth on his dick, taking him as she has wanted to for a while.

Ty took her clit into his mouth, sucking it in as he pushed one finger, then two inside of her. Then, Ty re-adjusted himself and placed his thumb against her asshole, pushing against it but not penetrating, as he sucks her clit into his mouth. Holding it in his teeth, he continued fucking her with his two fingers. Ty watched, and felt her spread her legs wider, allowing his thumb to penetrate her asshole. Skylar gasped and forced herself even further down on Jake's cock.

After a while, Ty and Jake traded positions. Skylar felt the differences between the two in the use of the tongue, and the thickness of their fingers, as Jake slowly worked from one finger to two. Ty's cock moved around Skylar's lips, just outside of her mouth. Ty watched her search for it, trying to take it in, she started panting and moaning due to the attention her pussy was getting.

Once Skylar found Ty's cock, she would not let go of it, sucking him as deeply as she could. She felt her pussy being stretched slowly by Jake as he put in a third finger and watched Skylar take it. He slowly continued to fuck her with them.

After a while, Jake and Ty turn Skylar over, onto her knees, her hands still connected to the headboard by the tie, but Skylar was able to use her hands on the bed to keep her up. Ty got between the bedpost and Skylar, sitting on the tie, making her fall against his cock. Jake spreads her legs just wide enough to tease her slit with the head of his cock before straddling the outside of her legs, as he pushed the head against her slit, forcing it just into her pussy.

Ty took Skylar's head and pushed her mouth down on his cock. He then grabbed Skylar by the hair, forcing her back down on his cock, as he thrust up slowly. 

Jake responded by pushing forward, with his hands on her hips, using his thumbs to spread her ass apart. Jake then moved his hands lower on her ass, pushing his thumbs on either side of her anus, and pulled it open, as he continued slowly fucking her pussy. Ty grabbed a handful of hair, and having heard her pleasurable moan, pushed his cock further and faster, in and out of Skylar's mouth. 

After a while, he pulled his cock out, and pushed her face to his balls. As Ty felt Skylar licking them, he turned his hand, pulling her hair tighter. Skylar started licking and sucking his balls, in a more rapid pace, as she felt herself being stretched by Jake's length and girth.

As Jake sped up, Ty pulled Skylar's head away from his balls. He pushed the head of his cock into her mouth as she ever so hungrily took as much as she could, and even more when Ty pushed her head down the length of his cock.

As Jake sped up even more as he pushed his thumbs bit by bit into her anus. He stretched her slowly, fearing that she had little to no experience there, but being more than willing to give her that experience. 

Pushing his thumbs in to the knuckle, and then pulling her asshole open, Jake buried his cock slowly to the hilt. Skylar felt his balls bouncing softly off her pussy lips and clit. After a while, Jake pulled his thumbs away from her ass and spanked it with short sharp swats, stinging slightly, but causing her even more pleasure. 

Almost in unison, Skylar heard each of them saying that they were about to cum. Jake pumped for a few more strokes but was the first to spurt. He pulled out and, a moment later, Skylar felt the hot splash of his semen on her ass, going down her ass crack slowly.

Ty pulled up on Skylar's hair, off of his cock. He pulled her closer, and shot his cum all over her cleavage and tits.

After both men finished shooting their cum over Skylar, they returned her over to her backside. Ty reached down and massaged his cum into her tits as he straddled her face, having her lick his balls and the head of his cock. 

A while later, Ty climbed off to one side of the bed. Jake moved to the other side. They both then knelt on the bed next to Skylar's face, with the head of their dicks against her waiting mouth. Skylar turned this way and that, taking in each of their heads as she turned.

Later, they pulled down Skylar's blindfold. She looked as insatiable as she felt. She struggled to continue taking as much cock as she could. Ty was able to untie the tie from the bedpost, as Skylar focused on sucking on Jake's cock. They turned her sideways on the bed. Jake took the unsecured end of the tie and fastened it to the bed rail. Ty pulled her legs off to the other side of the bed, bending her at the hips, so that her legs were hanging over the edge.

Ty ran the head of his cock around Skylar's mouth, as Jake massaged the cum he shot into her ass. Jake spread Skylar's cheeks, and slowly starts to tongue fuck her asshole. He reached around and teased her clit with his fingertips.

Ty slid his cock head back into her mouth. Skylar moaned, causing Ty's cock to vibrate as she felt Jake tonguing her back door as deeply as he could. This continued for a while, as both Ty and Jake's dicks return to full rigidity. They acknowledged when they were ready for more, and then untied her from the side rail. Ty lay on the bed as he assisted Skylar in crawling on top of him. She straddled him, as Jake re-tied her hands back the head post.

As soon as Skylar's hands were secured, Ty put his hands on her hips and lowered her down onto his dick. Ty held her still as Jake grabbed some lube. Jake generously lubed both his dick and Skylar's asshole, and then he slowly pushed the head inside. As she instinctively jerked to pull away, Jake guided her hips so that she came to rest slowly down the length of his dick. 

The three of them started rocking in unison, led by Jake, who pushed slowly into Skylar's ass. Her body responded instinctively, causing Ty's body to respond to hers. As the gentle rocking motion began to take form, gasping and sighing was heard and felt throughout each of them. They quickened their pace, causing them to moan and grunt in a rhythmic pattern. Jake pulled Skylar's hair back tightly, causing her to moan louder. Ty reached beneath Skylar and began to play with her swinging tits. Skylar's nipples stiffened as they slid over Ty's fingers. Ty occasionally cupped her breasts, squeezing them and pulling her nipples between his fingers. He leaned forward and licked her neck, as Skylar felt Jake's balls starting to slap against her ass as he steadily fucked her.

A short time later, Skylar felt both cocks throbbing inside of her, urging her to grind harder and faster. As she pushed down against the cocks, she could tell that they were close to cumming. Skylar playfully bit on Ty's tongue as when he began cumming. Ty gripped and cupped her tits as he grunted hard as Skylar pounded back against both cocks. Skylar clamped down with both holes around their cocks, she felt them both shutter and their cocks throb.

Jake held Skylar's hips, holding her down on their cocks, as they shot their cum deep inside her holes.

After their first spurts and loud grunts, they continued to pump in and out slowly, fucking her for as long in that position as their cocks would let them. As she felt them filling her with their seed, Skylar clamped down even more, cumming nice and hard.

Once Jake finished cumming, he slowly pulled out, and moved aside Skylar's; kissing her. He reached up and untied her hands. As soon as she was untied, Jake pulled her to her side and started kissing her. After the kiss broke, Jake disappeared for a few moments, cleaning up a bit. Ty rolled her on the side, and rubbed her sensitive clit, helping her have a couple more small orgasms.

When Jake came out, he grabbed the gin, and poured himself a drink, then mixed one for Skylar. Ty finished kissing Skylar. After a few sips, Jake got his chance to make out with Skylar as Ty went to clean up a bit. Jake helped her up, sitting her next to him as he began to kiss and fondle Skylar. He stroked her breasts as he began kissing her neck. Nibbling on her ear, he reached down, stroking her clit and pussy lips, inserting two fingers. Skylar responded by spreading her legs a little more, creating a wet spot form under her. Jake added a third finger in Skylar's pussy while he continued kissing softly on her neck.

Being lost in the moment, Skylar did not hear Ty come up behind. She felt both of her breasts being cupped and kneaded and felt another pair of lips against her neck.

Ty moved around the other side and sucked Skylar's nipple into his mouth, nibbling lightly on it. After a few moments, the guys let Skylar up to take a small break. 

When Skylar returned, the guys are sitting on the couch, both with a glass with something in it, and a third glass with Skylar's drink. They left room between them for Skylar. She surprised them both by sitting on Jake lap, straddling him, with her pussy rubbing against his cock. Jake felt the heat from her pussy with how close to his dick she was.

As Skylar finished her drink, she surprised both Ty and Jake by getting up, kneeling in front of Ty, and taking his cock deep into her mouth. She enjoyed the taste of her juices on his dick. Jake put his glass down and moved behind her, fingering Skylar's pussy with three fingers while gently working on getting in a fourth.

Skylar pushed back against him, enjoying the fingers that were stretching her again. She moaned playfully as she continued sucking on Ty's dick, looking up coyly at him.

As soon as his cock was hard enough for use, Skylar pulled away from Jake, and stood. She turned herself around and eased herself onto Ty's lap. Skylar moved so that Ty's dick was lined up with her anus, as she eased herself down on it. Ty reached up, and put his hands on her hips, helping Skylar ease her way down.

Once Skylar was eased down on Ty's dick, she directed Jake to move over to the side of the couch, bringing his cock within reach. She then took him into her mouth. Skylar then reached around his body and pulled him by his ass, until the head of his dick is in the back of her throat, having him fuck her throat. Skylar then placed her feet about the level of Ty's knees, slowly pushing herself up and down on his cock, as he kneaded and rubbed her breasts from behind. Ty would lick his fingertips and teased her nipples with the wet fingers.

When Jake's dick was hard enough, Skylar pulled him closer, pushing his cock deep into her throat one last time before moving him in front of her. Jake leaned over and kissed her, as he and Ty ease her forward a bit, allowing Jake access to Skylar's cunt.


Once there, Jake took her feet, and put both of her ankles on his right shoulder. He positioned the head of his cock against her pussy. Skylar reached around her legs, and spread her pussy for him. Jake smiled, as he pushed his dick inside her, using his body to lift her ass, and thrust his cock inside her pussy.

Ty kneaded her tits and kissed the back and sides of Skylar's neck, as Jake passionately kissed her lips, thrusting deeply.

A while later, Skylar had the need to stretch out. She pushed Jake off her, and then eased herself off Ty's cock. Skylar then pushed Jake down on the couch. As Jake sat there, Skylar spread his legs, and started cupping his balls as she sucked on his cock.

Skylar looked at Ty, and motioned for him to get behind her. When he did, he grabbed hold of her hips, pushing his cock deep into her beautifully drenched cunt. Then he started thrusting hard and fast, making her choke on Jakes cock every so often, which brought a smile to her face at him as she did. 

Soon, Jake grabbed her hair firmly as he thrust his cock in and out of her mouth, trying not to push more than she could take, but Skylar kept trying to show him that she could take more. She opened her mouth even more, relaxing her throat and let her fingers trail the underside of his balls as her fingertip teased his anus.

Ty, meanwhile, grabbed hold of her ass, slapping it playfully as he pounded Skylar's pussy even more.

Skylar felt the familiar pulsating of Ty's cock inside her pussy. Ty reached around to play with Skylar's clit. Feeling that he was about to cum again, Skylar pushed back hard against him, making sure she milked his cock over every drop as she started to shutter in orgasm around it.

As her orgasm starts to subside, she felt Jake's balls tightening in her fingertips, as his cock throbbing in her mouth. Skylar stroked his cock faster, making him cum in the back of her throat. She sucked down every drop that she could, leaving only a small drop or two on her lips.

Moments later, the guys kissed Skylar and carried her to the bed, laying her between them. As the lights faded, and Skylar started to fall asleep, she had a wicked grin, realizing that there just might be a little more in store for the morning.