 "I want all the details. Tell me everything!" Kelly demanded of me. The vice like grip she had on my unit through my ski pants was incentive enough but I knew she would get off on hearing all the dirty details. It was a long lift to the top of the mountain so I figured I might as well tell her everything. 

Before I get into the meat of those details, let me tell you about my relationship with Kelly. We have been living together for almost two years. We are both in our mid twenties. I have my own consulting firm that I started and it is beginning to do well. I met Kelly when planning a vacation. She is a travel agent and works at a small agency. I have to admit that my sex life has really taken off since we met. Before Kelly, I had done very little and was by no means a stud. Kelly on the other hand was experienced, wild, adventurous and outgoing. She taught me many things and I have always been an apt pupil. My first clue was that her porno collection was bigger than mine and hers included some homemade videos. Some were of her and other girls while in college. I loved watching her eat pussy. One tape was Kelly giving blowjobs to a line up of guys with dicks of all sizes and colours. That was hotter than hell! She loved giving me head, which was great because no girlfriends had ever done that for me before. She could easily deep-throat my entire cock, which at six inches was still a task. She could even lick my balls with the whole shaft buried in her throat. 

One thing she always liked to do is finger my asshole while she sucks me. Sometimes she really gets into it, finger fucking me savagely with two or even three fingers. Sometimes she will even use a small vibrator in me during a BJ. I never complain as I always get off anyway. It wouldn't do me any good if I did complain because it was her way or no way. That was made very clear to me. Kelly was definitely in charge. Often when I came in her mouth she would return it to me by kissing me after and demand that I swallow it. Commonly, when Kelly got home from work she would push me down on the couch or floor, hike up her skirt, pull off her panties and plant her well groomed snatch right on my face. I had never eaten pussy before Kelly, but she has taught me to be an expert. She is beautiful too, 5'3", a perfect smile, long chestnut hair, green eyes, and a killer figure. I have often wondered what she sees in me, a 5' 10" slim blond haired, hazel eyes engineer who is a relatively meek and unassuming guy. Maybe she likes the shy and easy type who she can control completely. She has been happy and never once complained in the time we have been together.

It was this travel agency that Kelly works at that was hosting this ski trip. The owner, Ken Phillips and his wife Carol owned a chalet in the mountains and because of the successful year the company had, was treating all the employees and their significant others to a ski weekend at the chalet, all expenses paid. Kelly was youngest of the four female agents. The others Diane, Charlene, and Debbie were all in their late thirties or early forties. Their husbands, Randy, David and Wes respective were of similar ages. I had met the women from the office before and they were nothing to write home about. This ski trip was my first opportunity to meet their husbands and although they were all a bit older, they were all in good shape. The real prize this weekend was however, Sydney and Kyle. Sydney was the new receptionist at the agency, nineteen, cute and sexy, kind of like Salina Gomez. She brought her fiancée Kyle, a curly haired blond, blue eyed, twenty year old Nordic prince. They were like "Ken and Barbie". As well as being the youngest ones there, they were also the most public with their displays of affection. From the moment they arrived the two of them were playing kissy face.

A problem arose early upon arrival. Kelly and I had been planning a good hardcore weekend of sex. We talked about it all the way there, teasing ourselves. We couldn't wait to be alone in bed and shagging each other silly. Things would not be going to our planning however, as Ken was to explain. There were only two bedrooms at the chalet. Each room consisted of two sets of bunk beds and one double bed. This was normally fine for two couples or families but since there was six couples Ken and Carol decided that the women would take one room and the men take the other. Beds would be first come, first serve. Kelly and I were definitely disappointed at the time and went off to hit the hills for a day of skiing. Events later that night would alter our opinion the next day.

"Tell me everything," Kelly insisted. I had to tell her. Her grip on my cock while riding up the ski lift was intense. I proceeded to inform her of all the details of the previous night.

"You know we stayed up pretty late in front of the fire." Indeed all the older people had knocked off earlier from exhaustion and fresh air. Only Kelly and I as well as Sydney and Kyle had lasted past midnight. We had a few bottles of wine and smoked a couple of joints. The two lovebirds headed to bed just before us. I stayed up to douse the fire. We were probably all equally frustrated about not getting any privacy to have sex. 

"After brushing my teeth, I went alone into the dark, quiet, men's bedroom. I realized that the bunk beds had been taken and that left the double bed, which was occupied by young Kyle. I stripped down to my underwear. Normally I sleep nude but under the circumstances I decided to leave my boxer briefs on. The bed was small and Kyle was already sprawled out in the middle. I didn't want to wake him so I lifted the sheet and crawled in at the edge. I couldn't help but notice that Kyle was completely naked." 

"What did he look like?" Kelly inquired.

"Nice body, firm, muscular, you know...." I felt Kelly's hand squeezed me tighter. "Alright! He was about seven inches long, uncut, thick and hanging to the left." Kelly smiled and eased her grip, starting a stroking motion.

I continued, " No sooner had I lay down I felt Kyle roll over closer to me. I was already on the edge of the bed. I considered waking him and asking him to give me more room but then felt his warm naked chest pressing against my back. I was in a panic and didn't know what to do. I just kept quiet hoping that he would turn over. I froze like this for a while and then next thing I know I feel his head nuzzling against my neck and he was breathing heavy. I checked to make sure he was really asleep. He was. Next, Kyle's hand flopped over me and was wrapped around my waist. He must have thought that he was sleeping with Sydney. I was sure of it because he was mumbling words like "Baby" and "Muffin". I was frozen and now afraid to wake him. It was hot in the room and the sheet was itself uncomfortable. Kyle started getting restless and kicking the sheet off. I had nowhere to move and Kyle somehow kept finding a way to nuzzle up closer to my back. Then I felt it. It was red hot. Kyle was mistaken me for Sydney in his slumber and he now had a hard on which was growing more each second. It was touching the back of my thigh. It was rubbing against my leg. It felt huge!"

Kelly began rubbing herself through her ski pants with her other hand as we rode the ski lift while still maintaining the rhythm on me with her other. "Yes! This is so fucking hot! God, don't stop, more!" Kelly insisted.

"Well," I continued, taking a big gulp first, " Kyle began nocturnally moving his hips and I could feel his burning erection sliding along my thigh. I was in shock and thought again about waking him but panicked wondering what his reaction would be when he woke. I also didn't want to wake the others for fear of what they would think. I moved slightly and I felt Kyle's cock slip between my thighs and he let out a low moan. He then began moving his hips back and forth, almost sleep fucking me. I tried separating my legs hoping that he would slip back out from between my thighs but instead it slipped up higher to almost my balls. His arm gripped tighter around me and he began moving faster. I thought that he had to be awake, but I checked again and he was half snoring. I decided not to move any more and just see what happens. His hips kept moving faster and faster and his grip tightened until splat! He came all over my legs. His semen sprayed between my thighs and was running down my leg. Kyle barely let out a grunt. About five minutes later he went soft and rolled away from me giving me more space to sleep. That's it."

Kelly's eyes were riveted to mine, her mouth open and almost drooling. She was going to orgasm just from my story. " The cum, what did you do about the cum? Did it soak the sheets?" she asked. She anticipated my answer, rubbing me harder. 

I took a deep breath and told her, " I was afraid of the sheets getting stained and it getting blamed on me so I scooped it off of my legs with my fingers and licked them clean. I figured it couldn't taste much different than my own." Kelly was over the top, frustrated with lust. I had no idea that my story would drive her this crazy. She almost climbed on top of me in the ski lift kissing me hard and sucking on my tongue. She was wild with lust and I thought she might just rape me right there on the lift. 

"Oh honey, that is so sexy!" she said. "Do you know how horny that makes me?" I know guys get off about two women together but I had no idea that any women got this excited about two guys together even if it was just sleep rubbing. Kelly was all over me. Just when I thought her manipulations were about to make me cum in my ski pants she let off. She had a knack for knowing when I am about to come. Her inquisition continued, "Now tell me the truth honey. Don't lie to me; I'll know if you do. Tell me, during all this, did you get a hard on?" I paused. Kelly's glare dug into me. I couldn't lie.

"Yes," I answered. I hung my head in shame. It was true. I was hard as a rock myself as Kyle's member touched me. Kelly was very happy with that answer. She again kissed me hard. 

"Wow!" was the only word she could muster. She panted heavily and snuggled close to me. I could tell her wheels were spinning, probably taking it all in. It was my silence and awkwardness all morning that had her suspecting something was up. She waited until we were alone on the ski lift to confront me about it. Now she had made me confess every detail of the ordeal including the fact that it had turned me on.

We reached the top of the hill and jumped off the lift. We managed to regain some composure before descending so as not to kill ourselves. Before we headed down Kelly asked me one more thing, "Do you think he will do it again?" She was clearly obsessed with this whole thing now and she intended to witness a re-enactment of it. 

I tried to talk her out of it. There were so many variables. There was no telling if Kyle would pick the same bed, sleep naked again, or if the others would stay up later or a million other things but it didn't matter to Kelly. Her mind was made up. 

For the rest of the day we kept a close eye on Sydney and Kyle. They were so self -absorbed they ignored everything else around them. They spent the entire day fondling each other and sneaking kisses. We barely spoke a word to each other than the occasional "hello" or ski talk and "pass the potatoes" during supper. It seemed very likely that Kyle had no idea what had happened the previous night. 

As things got late, all events fell into place much to Kelly's delight. The older folks went to bed reasonably early. Kyle and Sydney stayed up later, snuggling together on the bearskin rug. Kelly and I watched them intently getting more and more excited as the evening wore on. Much like the night before we drank some wine and smoked some weed together. Sure enough after a long, drawn out kiss they went to their separate rooms. Kelly smiled at me whispering, "Excellent! She sent him to bed good and horny."

We waited a few minutes then peeped in the men's bedroom to see where Kyle had lay down. Sure enough he was alone in the double bed again with the sheet half draped across his body. It was Kelly's intention to wait until he fell asleep then sneak in with me and kneel down beside the bed where she couldn't be seen and wait for Kyle's nocturnal actions to start and watch the whole thing. I have to admit that I was getting pretty worked up about it too. 

Kelly told me she was going to get ready and to wait for her. I brushed my teeth and waited about fifteen minutes for my girlfriend. She was dressed in just a tiny black see thru nightie with a short black robe. Her hair and makeup were flawless and she had put on some fresh perfume. The anticipation had me very excited. This was evident as Kelly instructed me to undress. Just as I had the night before, I removed all my clothes except my underwear. We silently entered the room that was filled with snoring. The bed cover was already down to Kyle's hips. I lifted them enough for Kelly to see his naked tool. She was very pleased. I started to slip into bed but my girlfriend stopped me. She grabbed hold of my waistband and in one smooth motion yanked my underwear down to my ankles. My erection bobbed up and almost hit her chin. There was no hiding the fact that I was turned on by all this now. One more thing she did was take a small spray bottle from her robe pocket and give me a squirt on my neck and on my ass. It was perfume but not Kelly's. It smelled a little familiar and I guessed that it was Sydney's. Kelly must have stole it for this occasion. She must have wanted to help speed things up or at least guarantee that they happen. 

I was a little uncomfortable about lying down with my naked ass against this guy's groin but it was too late to back out now. Just as the night before, Kyle rolled a bit closer to me and his arm fell across my body. He inched closer and closer until his hot breath was burning against my neck. I began to feel his cock stir again as it brushed against my thigh. Kelly was very eager to see the action and crawled up closer. I could feel her hot breath close to my crotch and her long hair brushed my leg, turning me on even more. She slowly inched the sheet down to reveal the action. Kyle's smooth cock had become stiff and was pressed upward against my ass cheek. Kelly reached to it and very gently touched it. I was trying to make faces at her to stop but she was paying no attention to me. Her hand was around it and pulling it to full hardness. She then placed the throbbing member down between my bum cheeks so that was right in the crack. I tried to protest quietly but I didn't want to wake Kyle. He was still fast asleep but his hips began moving again on their own making his big cock slide up and down my butt crack. It was beginning to feel hot too. 

I looked back at Kelly who pulled another bottle from her other robe pocket. I recognized the lubricant that we often used for anal sex. She spread some on her fingers and carefully placed them between my cheeks. She rubbed up and down my crack and was getting some on Kyle's cock too. I was afraid the cold feeling would wake him but he made no changes to his slow hip motion. I was hoping that he would cum soon and blow his load on my back so this would be over but Kelly had more planned. She pressed her greasy fingers against my asshole and they popped right in. My flinching reaction almost woke the sleepy prince but it didn't. Kelly was smiling at me, almost laughing at my silent protests. Her fingers soon left my bottom to my relief only to be replaced a second later by something else to my horror.

Kelly had taken hold of Kyle's cock again and was pressing the head against my sphincter muscle. I tried to roll away but Kelly blocked me, and Kyle's grip on my arm pulled me back. He let out a low moan as the tip of his dick opened my asshole. The grease helped him slip the full length of his erection deep into my colon. I could not believe he was still asleep. His cock painfully stretched me open. I never had anything that big inside me before. It was an amazingly full feeling, weird yet somewhat wonderful. Kelly began helping me out by sucking on my fully erect member. That helped me take my mind off the pain and before long I had barely noticed that Kyle had a fairly steady fucking motion going. I shocked myself thinking, "Oh my god! I am actually getting fucked in my ass by a man."

I just closed my eyes and started to enjoy the feelings. Kyle rustled a little behind me and Kelly let my cock fall from her mouth. Kyle rolled me over onto my front and placed himself on my back. I looked back and saw his eyes half open with a glazed expression. He was partially awake but didn't seem to care that he was fucking a man in the ass. He grunted and moaned some more as he started waking up. I could hear Kelly, quietly whispering to him, "That's it...fuck him dude. Fuck his ass! You are so fucking hot."

My head was buried in my pillow now as Kyle became more aggressive. He was taking long, full stokes in and out of me. He would pull back so that the head of his cock stretched my ring then he would plunge back in until his big balls slapped hard against mine. He was definitely awake now as his anal assault intensified. Kyle's pounding on my asshole was relentless and my mind wondered off into space while I enjoyed the sensations coming from the base of my spine. Kyle grunted unintelligible words as well as a constant, "Fuck! Fuck! Ya!"

Kyle's battering became intense and louder until finally he drove his massive meat, balls deep inside me and held it there while huge jets of hot cum flooded my bowels. He came for several moments, filling me up. He held me tight while he enjoyed the bliss of orgasm. After a few minutes he went softer and pulled out of my ass. I pressed myself up, trying not to let any cum run out of me onto the sheets. When I looked up I was shocked. Staring me in the face was another erect cock. It was Ken, our host. We must have awaked the others with our noise. He pressed it against my lips. At first I hesitated but he grabbed my hair and forced it into my mouth. For a fifty something guy, Ken had a nice hard cock that filled my whole mouth. I figured I might as well just go with it and started sucking him. I surveyed around me and was shocked even more at the other events unfolding.

Kelly was laying on her back with Randy on top of her and her legs high in the air. He just started fucking her. Kyle was busy making out with her sharing an intense kiss. David and Wes were standing next to Ken with their cocks in their hands taking in all of the action. David moved over to Kelly who took a break from kissing Kyle to have a taste of David's meat. Wes came over to me and Ken took a break so that Wes could sample my mouth. Ken jumped up on the bed and immediately commenced sliding his fat cock into my wet, gaping asshole. It went in easily with almost no pain. He wasted no time plunging in and fucking me. Wes also had a sense of urgency as he took hold of my head and started tonsil fucking me. Wes's big hairy sac bounced off my chin with a blistering pace.

Meanwhile, Kelly had rolled over on top of Randy, straddling his cock. She had removed the last of her skimpy outfit. David then removed his dick from Kelly's mouth and went behind her. She guided his staff to her backdoor and he pushed it in. He and Randy were now sharing space inside my girlfriend as they fucked her respective holes. She handled them like a pro and obviously loved it. Kyle was half hard again and Kelly grabbed hold of his huge python and pulled it to her mouth. Knowing that his cock was fresh out of my ass while she sucked him was a huge turn on for me. Kelly handled her triple fucking like it was a walk in the park. 

Wes and Ken were merciless as the hammered away at my mouth and butt. I was in a zone and it was feeling real good having two cocks inside me. The fast pace that Ken and Wes had on me made them both reach orgasm quickly and I eagerly took their loads. Kelly had done a number on Randy and David too as they both had dumped their seed into Kelly. I could see it running out both of her holes after her fuckers pulled out. She then saw that I was watching and quickly came over and sat down on my face. I slurped at her pussy and asshole, drinking all the fresh cum flowing out. I darted my tongue deep into her anus and pussy to ensure they were both licked clean. She rode my face a bit longer making me suck on her clit. Soon she was having an orgasm of her own that left my face soaking wet.
