 Chapter Two: Turk’s Visit: The Second Night

I lay awake for hours thinking about Turk’s visit tonight, too excited to sleep. Next to me my boyfriend, Rick, slept peacefully, completely unaware of his participation in the night’s affairs. Tomorrow, Turk would be back, this time for dinner and to meet Rick officially. 

The next night when I introduced Turk, Rick apologized for falling asleep early the night before, saying “Sorry I was such a party pooper last night.” “Not at all," Turk replied with a smile as he and I exchanged glances. 

Dinner went well with a lot of good conversation and a few bottles of wine. My boyfriend, usually not a big drinker, was really putting it away. He had a stressful day at work and said he was ready to unwind. The fact that I kept refilling his glass before it was quite empty may have also had something to do with it. After dinner, Rick brought out a bottle of Cognac we were saving for a special occasion and we toasted our new friendship. Knowing how alcohol affects Rick, when Turk and I had a moment alone, I simply said, “You may want to stick around for a while.” and gave him a wink. 

Sure enough, not long after that, Rick disappeared into the bedroom and didn’t come out. Turk and I chatted for a while, both of us stealing glances at the clock. After about an hour, I stood up and said with mock concern, “Well, I wonder what could have become of Rick.” Turk followed me to the bedroom where we found Rick, fully clothed, flat on his back on the bed with his feet on the floor and his arms stretched out above his head. “Well, we had better put this baby to bed.” I said and Turk and I went to work. 

We each grabbed a foot and removed his shoes and socks, throwing them aside in our excitement. I undid Rick’s belt and Turk unbuttoned his pants and unzipped his fly. He then grabbed both of Rick’s legs and lifted them straight up until his ass was up in the air. I rather quickly yanked his pants down and Turk let Rick’s legs drop with a thud on to the floor. We were handling him quite roughly and Rick didn’t even stir. He was so completely out. His limp penis flopped out and came to rest on his right leg. We both looked at his cock, wanting to get our hands (and mouths) on it but we need to finish getting him stripped. Just like with his legs we each grabbed an arm and pulled him to a sitting position. His head fell back as we pulled him up, his mouth open wide. We pulled him forward to get to his shirt and his head fell forward. I grabbed Rick’s shirt and deftly stripped it off of him over his head in one quick movement. We both let go and our naked little rag doll flopped bonelessly onto the bed. 

We could wait no longer. We both immediately removed our clothing, throwing them in a pile on top of Rick’s. I could see that Turk was enjoying himself as he had a very nice hard on. Kneeling down at the foot or the bed, we took turns sucking on his flaccid member, each holding it for the other to suck, until it started to grow nice and stiff. Once we had Rick’s cock at full attention, Turk said, “Let’s pull him up onto the bed.” We did this with some difficulty, both of us having to stand on the bed while we pulled him by the arms to get all 6’1”, 195 pounds of him moved to where we wanted him. 

Rick ended up stretched out, arms up over his head. Turk and I were up by his face and I reached over and lifted one of Rick’s eyelids. His blue eye stared up at the ceiling, seeing nothing. “ Isn’t it pretty?” I said. I then took his face and turned it toward Turk. Placing my thumb on Rick’s chin I slowly opened his mouth. As his lips came open his tongue fell forward staying just inside his mouth. “Does it look inviting?” I said offering my boyfriend’s warm, wet mouth to Turk. Turk ran the head of his swollen cock around Rick’s lips and then slowly entered his mouth. I removed my hand letting his lips close around Turk’s shaft. Turk let out a soft moan of pleasure while my boyfriend accepted the full length of his cock into his mouth silently, completely unaware of what was being done to him. It was so exciting to see my straight boyfriend with a hard cock in his mouth. Turk was gently moving his hips back and forth, fucking my boyfriend’s face. Turk slowed down and said he didn’t want to cum just yet. I reached over and opened Rick’s mouth again and Turk pulled out. A long string of precum stretched from the end of Turk’s penis to my boyfriend’s tongue. It stretched and snapped off, falling into Rick’s mouth. I couldn’t resist. I bent down and gave Rick a deep French kiss, tasting Turk’s juices mingling with Rick’s saliva. 

I could take no more. I needed to get off so I went back down and stroked and sucked Rick until he was good and hard and then climbed on for a ride while Turk looked on. I rode him faster and faster until I could feel his cock start to spasm, shooting cum deep inside me. I then had the most intense orgasm in my life. My head swimming, I climbed off and sat down in a chair, shaking, to let Turk have him for himself. 

Turk looked like he was ready to burst. He grabbed Rick by one arm and one leg and flipped him over. He spread Rick’s legs and using our cum that was had run from Rick’s shaft and onto his balls, lubed up my boyfriend’s butthole. Turk placed the head of his very hard cock to Rick’s virgin hole and pushed. There was resistance at first then his cock slipped right in. He pulled almost all the way out then plunged it home again. He moved his cock in and out faster and harder, Rick’s limp body moving in rhythm to Turk’s thrusting, until I could tell that Turk was cumming inside Rick’s ass. He stopped and pulled out, his cock starting to return to normal size. Sweating, Turk came over and sat in the chair next to me. We both looked over at my unconscious well-used boyfriend and laughed amazed at what just took place (and that he slept through it all). We shared a nice long kiss and then Turk dressed and left. 

As I tucked my boyfriend back into bed, I thought about the last two nights and about Turk’s promised return visit. 

What other amazing nights are in store for us? 

Look forward to your feedback!!