 It was almost summer and the end of school. Five black male seniors mostly went by their nicknames, Stick, Junk, Van, Chill, and Gem. 

All five black boys wore gray or khaki dress-code school slacks, tee shirts, and sneakers. They were tall athletic-looking, and had short haircuts. Two had just turned eighteen, one was eighteen-and-a-half, and two were nineteen.

They waited in the corridor of a run-down high school building in big city black ghetto after the last class of the day. Their new Geography teacher, a thirty-seven-year-old blond blue-eyed white woman, Miss Lee – Wendy Lee – was from one of the southern states and had been teaching there for about two weeks. They had her eight o'clock class in the morning. But they had some other plans for her before then.

The black boys watched her as she left the classroom for the computer lab. She liked to look sexy. She had on a short tight dark blue skirt that advertised her shapely ass and a loose green satin blouse that showed off the cleavage of her boobs and suggested that she wore no bra. But for all that show of sex, she acted like a bitchy cute prude.

Two weeks earlier, the five black boys had sensed that they knew her type and had masterminded some schemes. They went in behind her. She sat at one of the monitors. They sat at monitors on both sides of her. She was composing her lesson plan. They called up several different interracial sex sites on the Internet.

She could see the one on Stick's screen to the right of her. It showed a naked white female being fucked doggie-style by a naked black male. She could see the one on Junk's screen to the left of her. It showed a naked white female kneeling in front of a naked black male with his cock shoved deep into her throat.

She scooted her chair back some and looked at Van's screen. It showed a naked black male sitting on a naked lying white female's chest with his large black cock in her mouth. On Chill's screen was a naked black male fucking a naked white female in the ass. And on Gem's screen she could see a naked black male on his hand and knees with a naked white female on her hands and knees behind him. She was licking his asshole.

She stood up in her chair. "That's it," she shouted. "I've had it. The computer lab is closed. And I may report you to the office. Now get out."

The five black boys left the interracial sex images on their computer screens sauntered out with some glee and grins. Miss lee slammed the door and snapped its lock. What she did not know was that they had installed a video camera in an air duct. Its cable went to a TV set with a DVD player and burner in the Media Lab next door.

The Media Lab was closed for the afternoon, but Van had made a key to it. They let themselves in and turned on the TV. Not at all to their surprise, there was Miss Lee standing and going from one sex-site screen to another and lustingly looking and calling up more of the same kinds of images. She especially like ten or twelve close-up images variously showing naked white women either being fucked in the mouth by large meaty black cocks or naked white women licking around black male anal flesh in various poses and positions.

Soon she could stand it no longer. She sat at one of them, pulled up her dark blue skirt and down her panties. She put her palm in her twat, slipped a finger out, and began stimulating her sexuality. In a minute she was engulfed in sexual ecstasy and working her hand furiously.

The five black boys watched her on the screen and grinned. "Now?" Chill asked.

"She getting pretty hot," Junk noted.

"Make sure we got enough on tape," Stick advised.

Gem looked at the DVD monitor. "Looks good. I think we got enough for our purposes." "Okay, let's hit her while she's hot and before she cums," Gem urged.

Junk grabbed a video camera and they headed to the computer room.

Van had a key to the computer lab door that Miss Lee had locked. He quickly opened it and the boys stormed in.

Miss Lee looked up at them in terror. But it was not terror of physical abuse. It was terror associated with discovery, being exposed, being embarrassed before the school principal, and being expelled from teaching.

"Miss Lee, you do look fine," Gem told her with a wide grin as she jumped up while pulling up her panties and pulling down her dress.

"Seems you like our kind of interracial porn, after all," Stick cunningly noted to her.

"Don't feel ashamed, or anything, Miss Lee," Chill advised in a teasing tone. "All five of us have been in porn? We don't see anything wrong with it, or with sex."

Wendy Lee thought quickly and cleared her throat. "Glad to hear that, boys," she said while brushing a hand across the bun of her blond hair and looking at them with her pale blue eyes. "This is all just between us. Right?"

"Oh by all means," Junk told her in a slick counterfeit tone that let her know that they were going to somehow use this.

"Anyway, if you say anything, I'll just deny it," she shrugged smugly.

Junk popped the DVD into the nearest computer and tapped some keys. On screen came the image of Miss Lee masturbating in front of a computer screen with an image of a kneeling naked white female licking the asshole of a bent-over naked black male.

"We thought that you might," Gem told her. "So we got it on a disk forever more."

"So what do you want?" the white woman asked the black high school boys.

"How about stripping naked for starters, Miss Lee," Van told her. "Right now."

Gem popped out the DVD and put it in its plastic case. He waved it in front of the white woman. "If you don't get naked right now, I take this to the office," he told her.

She looked at them. They had set her up for it, and they were serious. She could see the video camera in Junk's hand. It was going to go farther than that, she knew. How far she couldn't tell, but there was no doubt that she had to strip naked for them right now. And maybe that would satisfy them. Anyway, there wasn't much choice.

Junk raised the video camera and looked at the snap-out flat viewfinder screen. He was recording a good clear color image of her face. She resented the idea.

"I'm not going to do anything until you put away that camera," she told him.

She brushed her hand against the bun of her blond hair again. Junk liked the image it made on his viewfinder.

"Okay, I'll put the camera away," Junk told her. He shut off the camera and lowered it to his side. 

Then she shot the black boys a castigating smirk and kicked off her black loafers. She saw that they stood grinning and expecting her to take off the rest. So she took off her green satin blouse. She wore no bra. The boys grinned widely at her bare white boobs and their large pinkish-tan nipples.

She hesitated. Gem motioned with the DVD case. She unsnapped the side of her tight dark blue skirt, zipped its zipper down, pulled it down, let it fall to the computer classroom floor, and stepped out of it. The boys looked over her shapely white legs. Junk nodded to her flower-patterned white panties.

Miss Lee pouted a slight frown, but reached both of her hands to its waistband. As she pulled them down, junk raised the video camera and took a shot of her final act of stripping naked. She let her panties fall on the floor and stepped out of them.

The only things that she kept on were her white socks. And she knew that the boys did not care about those.

"I said put the camera away," she told Junk sternly. But he now had gotten an image on tape of her naked except for her white socks in the computer room and was continuing to videotape her bare body.

He, Stick, Van, Chill, and Gem shot wide taunting grins at her cunt, her blond pubic hair, and then at her and her nudity.

"What's the difference now?" Chill asked the naked woman teacher. "We got video of you naked in the computer room, and we got a DVD with you jacking off in it. I'd rather keep videotaping."

She scowled and quickly assessed her situation. If she got into a loud argument with the five boys, it might bring someone running to the computer room. They already had the goods on her. She might as well let it drop and get it over with.

"Turn around, Miss Lee," Stick told the naked white woman. "Let's get a good shot of your bare white ass."

She dutifully turned around and showed the five black boys and Junk's video camera her bare white ass. And when she did so, they knew that they had themselves a subservient slut.

"White bitch has a nice ass," Gem noted.

Junk lowered his camera, stepped up to her, and placed the palm of his ebony hand in the middle of her bare white buttocks. She balked for half an instant, but then offered no protest. Seeing that she had accepted the indignity, he insolently felt around the older white bitch's ass while ushering her around to face the others.

The four other black boys had quickly shed their slacks and underpants. They looked over her bare white body, blond twat hair, cunt, and bare boobs with taunting smirks, and she looked over their dangling black dongs, black pubic hair, and hairy testicles with a touch of curiosity and an expression of interest. Junk pulled off his pants and underpants and joined the others.

She now realized that she was going to have to suck off five meaty stiff black cocks before they would call it even and perhaps give her the DVD. And it was not without a tinge of desire that she looked over the fine collection of black male sex meat.

"So you want me to suck you guys off?" she asked them with a self-important smirk.

"First lick out assholes, slut. Get us in the mood," Van told her.

"Get down on all fours and crawl around back of us and lick out assholes, white bitch," Chill told her.

Wendy Lee had only licked one white guy's asshole who had been a boyfriend. It had somewhat disgusted her, but she had savored the sexual excitement of the loathing. Now these five tall healthy-looking black high school boys standing in a row facing her, Stick, Junk, Van, Chill, and Gem, wanted her, their Geography teacher, to crawl naked around in back of them, put her face between each of their black buttocks, and disgustingly degrade herself licking their assholes. 

And if she didn't, one of them might just right away open the door to the corridor and let everyone see their teacher naked. And, of course, if she gave them a hard time, they were going to give the DVD of her jacking-off to the office.

So she got on her hands and knees. When she did this, four of the five boys did, too. Junk remained standing with his video camera.

There was nothing much she could do. He was going to videotape her licking the black boys' assholes

"You're not going to videotape me doing something like that," she told Junk.

"Let's not make a scene about it, Miss Lee," Junk warned the naked teacher.

She scowled angrily. She was going to demand the tape and destroy it as soon as she got her clothes back on. But now she just had to swallow her self-respect and do it.

She crawled around in back of Stick. She looked at his large black male ass. She looked at his hairy black balls dangling under it. She looked over the black-pigmented flesh of his asshole. 

On one hand, she loathed the degrading thought of pressing her face into his black ass and putting her mouth on his asshole and licking around it. On the other hand, she knew that there could be immediate or long-term consequences if she did not.

So she squashed her white face between his black buttocks. She pressed her mouth against his asshole, stuck her tongue out and licked around the hard flesh of his anus. And out of the corner of her eye she saw Junk videotaping her shame and degradation and zooming in on a close-up of her white face in Stick's black ass. 

"Stick your tongue into my asshole, filthy slut," Stick told her.

There was no going back, now. She forced her soft tongue into hard flesh of his asshole several times. After ten pushes as deep into his asshole as she could push her tongue, she stopped and licked around it. All he wanted was her shame and disgrace for doing it. All Junk wanted was a record of the shame and disgrace. And he had gotten that, including a humiliating shot from behind her at her own bare white ass, asshole, and cunt while she licked Stick's asshole. 

She figured that Stick had gotten her degradation and Junk had gotten it on videotape. She should move on to the next black high school boy's ass and lick his asshole.

She backed her face out of Stick's ass. She felt the wet coolness of her own saliva all around her mouth from licking in his ass.

All she saw was a line of four bare black male asses. She didn't know which ones they were, and she didn't care.

Junk, who had been videotaping her with his pants and underpants off, came over and tapped Stick on his shoulder. Stick knew why and stood up.

Junk handed him the video camera and got down on all fours with his bare black ass in Miss Lee's face. 

He looked over his shoulder with a grin as the naked defiled white piece-of-ass looking at his bare black buttocks. He could not keep from grinning when she shoved her face between them. He felt a thrill as her slick nasty tongue began licking around his anal flesh.

All the while, Stick had been videotaping her shame and disgrace.

They had successfully turned her into a filthy white slut, and she did not have to be told to stick her tongue into his asshole. She knew what she had to do, and just did it. He could feel the force of her tongue slipping into his anal orifice, but it did not feel a whole lot different from her licking around it. It was just the idea of humiliating the slut that made it more erotically gratifying.

Then she backed her face out of his ass and crawled over to the next black male ass in the row. It was Van's ass, but she did not care. All it was to her was two big black buttocks, an asshole, and hairy balls and a cock dangling down under it. 

Junk stood up and Stick gave him back the video camera. He was much better at videotaping porn.

The naked white slut squashed her white face between Van's bare black buttocks, licked his asshole, stuck her tongue into his asshole ten times, and backed her saliva-wet face out of it.

It had become a routine. There were only two more black male assholes to lick. She crawled over to the next one.

It was Chill's. He looked over his shoulder and sneered dirtily at his naked Geography teacher who had become his asshole-licking filthy degraded piece-of-ass. She shot him a quick dull glance with her pale blue eyes and then looked for a second at his black ass. Her saliva-wet face showed no emotion. She was no longer disgusted with licking someone's asshole. And for the moment, it was not even degrading to the slut. It was just something she had to do.

She squashed her face into his ass. He felt a thrill while she licked around his asshole. It was as much a psychological thrill of defiling and debauching the naked bitch as a carnal titillation of his anal nerve-endings by her tongue.

He watched until the defiled older white bitch backed her saliva-wet face out of his ass and crawled over to Gem's ass.

There was only one more asshole for her to lick. Her tongue was getting a little fatigued. She wasn't feeling anything now except a desire to lick this last asshole, get it over with, probably suck the guys off, and get the whole affair past her.

She shot a casual glance at the meaty large black male buttocks in front of her, at his asshole, and at his hairy black balls and his long black penis hanging down below it. She shoved her face into his black ass and licked around the hard flesh of his anus. After a dozen quick licks around his asshole, she forced her tongue into it another dozen times. With her eyes closed and her face buried in his ass, she hoped that she could satisfy their sexual desires and get it all over with.

She backed her white face out of Gem's black ass. Junk continued to videotape her.

Stick was sitting in a computer-lab swivel chair with his muscular black legs spread apart and his cock half-hard.

"Suck it, slut," he told her.

She crawled over to him. Remaining on her hands and knees, she slipped his meaty black phallus into her mouth, and began sucking it.

Stick grinned down at the naked cocksucking white woman. Junk handed Gem the camera and knelt between her white legs in back of her ass and slipped his hard cock into her cunt. He smirked as she reacted with both surprise and a sexual thrill as his cock plunged in.

Van, Chill, and Gem exchanged sneering grins as the naked older white woman sucked cock and was fucked. Gem got good long shots and close-ups of the naked white woman sucking the naked black boy's cock and getting fucked by the other naked black boy. 

Her head bobbed up and down on Stick's long fat black cock. Junk's long meaty black phallus plunged repeatedly into her vagina.

She made lewd slurping and cocksucking sounds and moans of sexual pleasure came out of her cock-stuffed mouth.

Stick withdrew his cock from the white slut's mouth and with a loud groan, ejaculated onto her face while Gem videotaped it.

Stick waited a second and then got his bare black ass off of the chair and went over to his pants and underpants.

The naked white woman saw him putting on his clothes and knew that it would soon be over.

While Stick was putting them on, Van sat in the chair. Wendy wrapped her lips around his cock and began her act of cocksucking. Junk slipped his black cock out of her cunt, hurried around to the front. She saw him and closed her eyes as he and ejaculated onto the right side of her face, some the white slimy hockers of cum hitting her right eyelid.

Junk was now dressed, too. Gem handed him the video camera. Junk saw that there was plenty of tape left and resumed videotaping the porn action.

Chill lay down between her legs. She instinctively lowered her twat onto his cock and began fucking him. Gem crawled up behind her and shoved his cock into her asshole and began fucking her.

All holes were now filled with black cocks. The white slut moaned and groaned as much as possible with a large meaty black phallus stuffed in her mouth.

Van slipped his black cock out of her mouth and added to the slimy white hockers of cum decorating the older woman's white face.

Chill slipped his cock out of her cunt and tried to move, but found Gem to be too much in the way. Gem, seeing this, slipped his cock out of Miss Lee's asshole. Chill then got up. He hurried over to the left side of the white woman's face. With a couple hand-strokes on his penis, Chill ejaculated onto the left side of her face and forehead.

Gem sat in the chair. The filthy naked white slut slipped the penis that had just come out of her asshole into her mouth and began sucking it. And in a few more seconds Gem withdrew his cock from her mouth and ejaculated hockers of slimy white cum on her lower face and chin.

"Look at the camera, Miss Lee," Junk told the naked humiliated cum-faced white woman.

To his surprise, she turned and looked directly into the video camera lens, almost as if to show off her debauchery and defilement. He got a good image of her with gobs of facial cum-decoration before she realized what she looked like and turned her head the other way. But it was, by then, too late.

Gem hurried to put on his clothes. Miss Lee stood up naked and befuddled for some seconds while Junk continued to videotape her bare white body and her facial humiliation. There was nothing in the computer room with which to wipe off the slimy white hockers of sperm and semen that had been ejaculated all over her face.

She didn't want to wipe it with her hands because she still had to put on her clothes. The five black boys stood there dressed and grinning at their degradation of her.
