 {Authors note: Hello erotica reader! This is the fourth story describing Emily's sexual escapades in a swingers club. I have intentionally avoided giving in-depth detail about the unique relationship between the narrator and Emily to benefit the (literally!) thousands who have read their earlier adventures. I find this kind of information important when I read an erotic story so for those who do so as well--I apologize. However, the first couple of paragraphs in the original story, "The Club", should give those desiring such information all they need to know. Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoy!}

* * * * *

My friend Emily called me at work on a Tuesday evening, reaching me only a few minutes before I was set to go home. "Hey! Did I catch you at a bad time?"

"No!! Not at all! I was just about to head home. What's up?" I was excited to hear her voice. I hadn't spoken to her in several weeks.

"I've got something important I want to talk to you about! Do you have a few minutes?" 

Hear tone sounded serious. Concerned, I walked around my desk and shut the door to my office. "Yeah! Is everything okay?" The way she spoke, I feared something bad might've happened to her.

"Everything's fine! Listen! Do you remember David? The owner of that club we've gone, too." 

"Ah, yeah!! I was in the same room while I watched you two fuck each other!! Remember?" I said, my voice intentionally full of sarcasm. 

Giggling briefly, she shot back, "Shut up!! Anyway, he called me last night. He had a very interesting proposition for me and I want to get your feedback. Maybe a favor!"

My feeling of concern was now rapidly being replaced with titillation as I asked, "What was his proposition?" 

"He wants to have a charity event at his club to raise money for the Freedom of Speech Coalition. It's some organization that protects people and groups from government censorship. Anyway, he's going to set up a pajama party that is going to be open to couples only." 

Anxious for her to get to the point, I interrupted, "What's the proposition though?" 

"I'm getting there!" she snapped before continuing. "At the party, he thought it would be fun to have a slave drawing!" Pausing briefly, drawing in what sounded like an excited breath before saying further, "He asked me if I would be one of two or three people who would be a slave!"

Hearing this, I swallowed heavily as I adjusted how I sat. I needed to make room in my pants for a growing erection. My voice was now softer as the arousal I now felt steadily grew, asking, "Did he tell you what a slave would have to do?"

Her voice was getting softer as well and I knew she was becoming aroused, too. "They would be a sex slave…obviously! But the slave could set predetermined limits on what they would or wouldn't be willing to do."

After pausing a second, I said, "In an drawing you could be won by anybody though. Some really unattractive people could win you! Could you turn down somebody who won?"

"No!! David emphasized that the person who was willing to be a slave would be open to anyone! He said he hasn't figured out all the details yet. But, he does want it to be fair and open to anyone who enters."

Curious, I asked, "Could you do that? Be a sex slave for anyone who won?"

After a few seconds, she said, "I've thought about it! If some guy won who's ugly, I think I'd just try to get him off with a hand job or something before I let him fuck me. That, or make him do me from behind so I wouldn't have to look at him."

I shook my head as I heard this but it wasn't from disgust. I couldn't believe how far in the sexual realm my friend was still possibly willing to go. 

Now, Emily was no saint! I knew she had had a number of sexual liaisons with men through the years but in the last few months I'd seen her sexual experiences and desires fly into the stratosphere. Her openness and lust for sex was very exciting to me. However, I still felt like I needed to make sure she thought of everything as I asked, "What about a girl? If you weren't attracted to her!"

"Close my eyes, spread her legs and just put my tongue to work!" Saying this, matter-of-factly. 

I was now speechless. I found it incredibly erotic that this beautiful, 26-year-old woman was seriously considering allowing herself to be a sex slave---open to giving herself to any complete stranger! 

Before I could say anything further though, she continued. "I don't know what it is! But, the thought of it all, the randomness of it all is extremely titillating to me! I've been wet ever since he asked me if I would be willing to do it!!"

As I sat there in my office, I wished I could see for myself how wet she was firsthand. Refocusing though, I asked, "Did you ask or did he tell you why he asked you to consider doing this?" 

"He was sweet! He told me I was one of the most attractive women to ever set foot in his club. Not to mention someone who was likely daring and sexual enough to go for it." She then paused and I sensed she was smiling as she said further, "He also said he has overheard a number of patrons talking about me. Hearing people asking if anyone had seen me. Some wishing they could have a shot at playing with me!"

"That's flattering!" I said, not surprised that people at the club had been talking about her. She was a gorgeous women and she had thoroughly fucked those who had had the pleasure of having sex with her at the swingers club before.

We were both then silent a few moments before I said, "I get a very strong feeling that you have already decided that you want to do this! Am I right?"

"Yeah! But do you think I should?" She asked, almost innocently.

"If the thought of all this has made you wet since he asked, you might regret it more if you didn't do it! If it's exciting you this much then you should definitely go for it!" After saying this, I found my heart was now pounding! The thought of her actually going through with this was exceptionally arousing!

"There's only one thing though! David still thinks we're a couple and I'd only do this if you went to watch out for me! Can you go?" Saying this with a tone that was hoping I wouldn't disappoint her.

Sitting there, reality suddenly hit me! My family was home now and getting away would be difficult! However, I knew I would be the one who would seriously regret not being able to support my friend and witnessing all this. Quickly, I asked, "When's he having the party?"

"Next Saturday!" She said, sounding hopeful.

'Fuck it!' I thought to myself. 'You only live once!' 

"My wife is home now but I'll think of something! I'll be there! Just let me know early next week what time I need to pick you up!"

Hearing me, she laughed briefly with excitement. Then, just before she ended our conversation she said, "I promise I'll make it up to you!"

With that said, she hung up. 

Sitting at my desk, I realized I was now literally shaking as testosterone coursed through my body. As I tried to calm myself, I couldn't help thinking, 'Okay genius! How the hell are you going to get free from the house on a Saturday night without getting caught!' 

Part II

I did think of something---Golf trip!! I hadn't gone on a golf outing for over a year so I got little protest from my wife when I informed her that some business colleagues were going to a golf resort out of town for the weekend. However, instead of leaving the city early Saturday morning, I rented a room a local hotel and watched movies the rest of the day. 

It felt like an eternity for the day to pass until Emily and I finally arrived at the club. When she called me earlier in the week, she told me that David had invited us to arrive before the party was to begin so she could get ready. But--more importantly--so he would have time to give Emily all the details concerning the slave drawing. He guessed correctly that withholding these details until only an hour or so before the drawing would increase her anticipation for the night ahead.

With her facial expression showing both excitement and fear of the unknown, she listened intently as David told her the rules, "There are going to be two other slaves with you tonight--a very, attractive couple named Devon and Sophia. All three of you will be the individual prizes in two separate rounds of drawings. For the first drawing, each of you will be available for any couple that pays a $30 entrance fee. The winning couple will then have "rights to the slave" for 30 minutes. During this time, the couple can take you to a private room I've set aside and have you do anything they desire, as long as it is within the limits of things you'll be willing to do sexually." As he said this, he handed Emily a checklist so she could mark down what she would or wouldn't be willing to do. Glancing at it, I could see it covered several basic sex acts including anal, oral, etc. David then continued, "The second drawing will be a "wildcard" drawing. For a $50 entrance fee, any individual or group up to four can enter their names for a chance of winning the slave of their choice." 

I looked at Emily when I heard "group up to four" and saw that she now had a serious look on her face. I could feel my heart beating faster as David continued, "It could be either a group of three men, or four women, or whatever. But, whoever wins will have the same rights as the couple who win in the first drawing. However, this round will have no time limit and the winners can go wherever they want too in my club."

David then paused a few moments, concerned about the serious look now present on Emily's face. "Are you sure you still want to do this?"

Watching her, we both could see her fidgeting as she tried to control a growing mixture of nervousness and arousal. With her faced lightly flushed, biting down on her lower lip, she simply affirmed that she was by lightly nodding her head up and down. 

For Emily, it was soon going to be "play time".

Part III 

Within an hour of the party's official start time, some fifty to sixty couples were now present in the main social area of the club. The ambience of the pajama party quickly became festive as couples mingled, drank or danced. Earlier, as people arrived that night, everyone received a card explaining the details of the slave drawing including what each individual slave was willing or not willing to do sexually for their "masters". Between reading these descriptions, the theme of the party itself, and the obvious fact this was a swingers club to begin with--it didn't take long for one to feel a high level of sexual energy in the air. Sensing this, David decided it was time to give the crowd what they wanted—a view of the slaves themselves.

The first person to be introduced was Devon. He was African-American, standing about 5'11" and was a muscularly chiseled, athletic specimen. A man in his early thirties, he generated a highly favorable response from the crowd--especially the women. Confidently wearing only briefs, he leaped onto the top of the bar's countertop and walked the full, squared length of it, drawing some lustful howls from a majority of the women as their eyes focused on the obvious bulge in his trunks. As I sat back and watched, I had a strong sense that a lot of the women present had just been hit with a case of "ebony fever". I also had a feeling that a number of the men in the crowd were hoping they would get a chance to sit back and watch this ebony stud hammer their wives as well.

Next was Devon's wife Sophia. 'Stunning', is what I thought to myself as I watched this Mediterranean beauty get gently lifted onto the bar. She was in her late twenties, stood about 5'7" and weighed around a 115 pounds. It was the men who now voiced their approval as Sophia walked around the bar like a model on a catwalk, occasionally stopping to seductively grind her gorgeous body in a way that teased those in the crowd. Soon though, she mesmerized most of them even more when she performed an erotic striptease, slowly removing the top piece of her red, satin lingerie fully exposing her large, beautiful breasts. Even from a distance it was easy to see that her dark nipples were erect with excitement. When she was finished and exited the room, I had no doubt that every man present now had an erection like myself. 

Finally, it was Emily's turn. The crowd was now electric and everyone howled approval as she walked into the room. I hadn't seen her for nearly 30 minutes as she readied herself for the night ahead and I gasped when I saw her on top of the bar. Petite at 5'4" and weighing about 108 pounds she looked absolutely stunning in the black, transparent body stocking she was now wearing--her seductiveness highlighted by a black chocker around her neck. As she walked around the bar, she ran her hands through her sandy blonde hair as she seductively swayed her body side-to-side. Stopping at each corner to run her hands over her breasts, squeezing them to tease both herself and those watching her. As she did this, I occasionally glanced into the crowd and could see people licking their lips--an obvious sign of hunger for her. Her time to show off her charms quickly passed though and she too left the room. 

David then allowed another twenty minutes to pass, allotting time for anyone with any second thoughts to enter the drawing. Eventually, satisfied that everyone was ready, he called out all the "slaves" to join him and began to draw names of future "masters" in front of the now anxious crowd. 

Instantly, cheers went up in celebration for each lucky couple selected for Devon and Sophia. My full focus was then placed on Emily as she nervously scanned the crowd. Watching her, I had a strong feeling she was selecting couples that she hoped would be drawn for her. I had another strong feeling that despite her nervousness and unexpected fate, her pussy was likely soaking wet as she stood there before the crowd. Finally though, David withdrew a card that possessed the names of Emily's future masters. 

Part IV

Initially, I felt a sense of relief, immediately followed by a pleasing surge of adrenalin when I saw the couple selected move forward to claim Emily as their prize. Both were attractive, each appearing to be in their mid to late forties. Both were athletically built, each possessing a body that was pleasing to the eye. Emily confirmed her approval too, smiling broadly as they approached. Their names were Stephanie and Sean.

For the next few minutes, I watched from a distance as the three exchanged pleasantries. Then, as had been established earlier, Emily had the couple follow her upstairs. 

David knew earlier that Emily wanted me to watch out for her but felt that my presence directly in the room might taint the experience for those who won. As a compromise to Emily and myself, he admitted that some of the private rooms actually had two-way mirrors hiding a small area where he sometimes liked to secretly observe the carnal activity of his patrons. It was here that I would get to watch Emily's next adventure.

It took me several minutes to work my way through a maze of extremely narrow passageways until I finally reached the place where I could see through the two-way mirror into the room where Emily was now with the couple. Looking in, my heart skipped a beat when I saw her standing in front of these two strangers conversing with them. The entire time, slowly running her fingertips over her breasts, at times purposely stimulating her nipples that were clearly visible under the body stocking. 

Watching, I didn't know if she was doing this intentionally or subconsciously. Either way, Sean looked completely entranced as he watched while using his hand to slowly caress his wife's inner thigh. Quickly, I applied a set of headphones so I could hear what the three were discussing.

"You're extremely pretty!" Sean's wife said. She looked like she was enjoying the sight of Emily touching herself as much as her husband was.

"Thank you!" Emily replied, smiling shyly. After a few moments though, she said "So, is watching me touching my breasts all you're going to request of me tonight?" Saying this in a way that indicated she would be disappointed if it was.

"No! We both think you're gorgeous! We just want to set back for a little bit and enjoy the lovely sight of you touching yourself!" Sean said as he continued petting his wife. 

The couple then focused on Emily a short period of time until he spoke again. "We know we won you as our slave tonight. But, we both truly want you to enjoy being with us as much as we know we would being with you!"

Emily slowed her self-caress as she listened.

Sean then looked directly into Emily's eyes and asked, "Do you really want to be here tonight?" 

Emily smiled, pausing briefly before responding. "Uh, huh!" 

For Emily, his simple question had a strange way of making her want him. Her femininity enjoying that he was assessing if she was comfortable being here with them. 

Now knowing that all of them were truly full, willing participants, Sean purposefully tried to increase the sexual tension that already existed between them. "So…would you mind if my wife and I each took turns tasting you?"

Emily bit her bottom lip, lightly blushing, as she replied, "No! I wouldn't mind that!"

After absorbing her husband's question, Stephanie spoke next, asking, "Would you mind pleasing my husband's penis with your mouth?"

I could see Emily starting to breath faster, her excitement growing. Softly, she said "No! I'd do that!"

"Can I watch you taste my wife?" Sean then said, his voice now trembling slightly.

Emily sighed hearing his bold request, shyly replying, "Yes!"

Quickly, Stephanie took things even further and said, "Can I guide his hard cock into your pussy?"

Emily bit down on her lower lip once again, breathing deeply. "Uh, huh!"

Everyone was then silent for a moment, the three fully enjoying the verbal foreplay between them, each now trembling from their heightened level of lust. Eventually, Emily broke the silence, asking not so shyly. "What do you want me to do first?"

Quickly, Sean said, "I want to watch you fuck my wife! Make her pussy wet for me!" 

Hearing him, Stephanie swallowed in response to her husband's command.

Emily said nothing as she followed his request and moved directly in front of Stephanie. As both women stared into each other's eyes, Emily placed her hands on Stephanie's shoulders and boldly pushed her back onto the bed. Then, moving on top of her with her knees around Stephanie's waist, Emily reached down and began to softly caress the soft skin of Stephanie's upper body. First, using her fingertips to please her, watching as Stephanie closed her eyes, obviously showing she enjoyed Emily's touch. 

Initially, Emily intentionally avoided touching Stephanie's full breasts, purposely trying to increase her desire to be touched there as she teased her sensitive skin around them. Eventually though, she slowly began to pull down the straps of Stephanie's lingerie and saw she was succeeding in building Stephanie's excitement when she quickly assisted her in easing the top portion of the lingerie to Stephanie's waist, fully exposing her breasts for the first time. Then, Emily rewarded Stephanie's patience as she slowly moved her hands over them, firmly squeezing them, producing a quick, pleasing sigh from her. Her sighs continuing as Emily fully focused on her breasts, spending time either running her fingertips over them or firmly massaging them. At one point, purposely making Stephanie's nipples erect by gently pinching and pulling on them, increasing their sensitivity.

As this was happening, Sean watched intently as he witnessed this beautiful stranger slowly tease his wife, knowing Emily was steadily building her arousal even more. Emily sensed Stephanie's growing excitement as well and, in time, decided to increase it even further by leaning forward to bring Stephanie's left nipple into her mouth, making Stephanie gasp as she did so. Her gasp soon followed by continuous moans however as Emily took turns pleasing each of her nipples. Doing so by gently biting, sucking, or twirling her tongue around one. Feeling each nipple harden as she slowly worked from one erect, sensitive nipple to the next. 
