 Sheila looked up from the computer monitor to see what time it was. 3:30. Her head was spinning with so many thoughts it was impossible to concentrate on the credit report. Two nights of incredible sex with Turk and her sleeping boyfriend. And now Turk called again wanting to get together, this time for dinner.

"How about you and Rick come over to the hotel, and we will go out to dinner. Let's make it about 6, as I have to go pick up an associate at the airport who is working on the project with me. I should be back by then," Turk relayed. "His name is Dan, he may not join us for dinner, but I want you to meet him. You will like him.....a lot."

"Where are you staying," Sheila inquired.

"At the Sanctuary out by Lake Wilson, room 118. You know how to get there?" Turk replied.

"Sure, will be there about 6," Sheila said, jotting down the hotel name and room number on a post-it note.

After she hung up, she plunged into the credit report, hoping that it would keep her mind off of the events and make the afternoon go by faster. At 4:30, she left the office and headed home.

When she arrived, she entered the apartment, put her keys, purse and the post-it on the kitchen counter. As she decided to shower and change for the evening, she entered her bedroom, only to discover that Rick was dead asleep. Again. She could tell from his clothes strewn on the floor that he had worked graveyard shift at the plant, and would be in no shape to go out tonight. So, she showered, threw on some casual clothes, grabbed her keys and purse, and headed out.

The drive to the lake took no time at all. It was still early, and since it was July in Wisconsin, it would be daylight until really late in the evening. The weather was very hot and humid. I probably should not have bothered with a shower it is so sticky, she thought to herself.

As she pulled up to the hotel, she realized she forgot the note with the room number. Oh, well, I am positive it was 118, she thought to herself. The hotel was a sprawl of single story buildings surrounding the west edge of the lake.

She got out of the car and walked over to the room. Knocking, she got no response.

"Oh, well," she said out loud, thinking that Turk must have gotten hung up at the airport picking up his associate.

Sheila decided to go around to the back of the wing of rooms and sit by the lake and wait. As she walked around the building to the lakeside, she noticed that the hotel rooms had great lake views from the that side. Each room had a sliding glass door and little patio looking out over the water. She determined which patio would have been Room 118, and noticed that the door was shut and there was no activity. She sat on the grass and waited.

As she sat, though, she heard music and voices coming from the room next to 118. She noticed that the door was about half way open and the drapes were partially open. The sound coming from the room was heavy moaning.

OOOOh, she thought, someone is having fun tonight. She was too curious. She snuck over to the patio and peered in. On the table on the left was a laptop with a movie playing. The sounds were the x-rated DVD playing in the laptop. Looking to the right, she saw someone familiar.

It was Turk!! He was kneeling on the floor in front of someone in the desk chair. That has to be his associate, Dan, she thought, obviously they don't care that the drapes are open and anyone could be watching! She watched as Turk slowly licked this huge cock in front of him. The man he was sucking off was about the same age, had an incredibly sculpted body and lots of chest and pubic hair. His cock was cut and stood straight up. Turk was working it over with passion, licking up and down the shaft and encircling the head with his tongue. Holding Dan's balls with one hand, Turk was jacking his own smooth, shaved cut cock with the other. Sheila knew that Turk loved to jack himself while he sucked cock, just like when he did Rick two nights ago.

She saw that Dan was stiffening and began to moan loudly. Turk reached under Dan's legs and pulled him closer in his mouth. Turk's face was buried into Dan's bushy pubes, swallowing with a passion. Dan's back started to arc, and then she saw his cock pulse three, four, five times. Turk swallowed intensely. It was a very erotic scene.

As Turk rose from his knees, he turned and saw Sheila. She was walking into the room and pulled the drape closed behind her. 

"Hey, kiddo, how long have you been here?" he asked.

"H-h-h-ello, Turk", Sheila stammered, "I j-j-just got here and saw you." "There was no answer at your door so I just came around here and heard the noises." "Wow".

"Sorry about that, Sheila," Turk replied, "When Dan and I got here from the airport, Dan showed me his new DVD player on his laptop. He had a really hot video, and as we watched it we got really turned on. Having sucked my first cock two nights ago with Rick, I just couldn't resist."

Somewhat embarrassed, Dan immediately pulled on his levis and shirt and introduced himself. "Hi, Sheila, I'm Dan, and I have heard a lot about you." Sheila looked into this stranger's eyes. Dan was a striking presence in the room, with piercing and powerful eyes. She immediately felt the calm assurance of his voice and realized that he must be a successful businessman because of his confident glow.

"I was just going to open a nice Chardonnay that I brought from California," Dan announced. "Sheila, would you care to join me?" Sheila immediately accepted and joined Dan in a toast to their new acquaintance. Meanwhile, Turk threw on his shirt and socks and shoes and said, " Well, I have to make a few phone calls and take a shower, how about we order room service later?". "By the way, where's Rick?"

Sheila replied, "Rick is home asleep as usual, he had to work graveyard last night. I did not bother to roust him from bed to join us. Actually, I am glad that I came alone and saw this."

As Turk left the room, Dan felt the awkwardness of being alone with Sheila for the first time. "I hope that what you saw was not troubling,".he said.

"Are you kidding," Sheila replied, "It was a total turnon to watch Turk enjoy you and see you so fulfilled by his desire to do that to you." "I just wish I had shown up sooner so that I could have joined in."

"Well, Turk told me how stunning and sexy you were, but seeing you in person is far more inspiring. You are gorgeous," Dan breathed confidently. With that, he stepped over to Sheila standing by one of the two beds and put his arm around her. He kissed her neck and Sheila immediately moaned.

"I am still very turned on," she cooed. "Think you could get that huge cock hard again?"

Without saying anything, Dan encased Sheila in his arms and continued to kiss her neck and shoulders. Soon he moved to her lips and kissed her. She responded warmly, swirling her tongue with his and reached behind him pulling his ass to her groin. She could feel his cock harden.

Dan slowly unbuttoned her blouse and traced his kisses down Sheila's shoulder and arms. She stepped out of her skirt and removed her panties while he kissed her breasts. Slowly guiding her, they laid down on one of the queen size beds in the room. Dan pulled his pants off and continued the passionate kisses, slowly moving down her body. He reached her pussy and kissed the down softly, moving his tongue toward her moistening lips. Gently, he licked her pussy and felt her body respond to his tongue and his hands on her breasts.

"Ooooh, I am c-c-cumming," she stammered. Dan did not pull away, but kept his mouth focused on her writhing hips. She moved her pussy up and down as he continued lapping her. Finally, she grabbed Dan's hair and pulled him toward her, wanting to feel his huge cock inside her. She had never felt such a long, thick cock. And being an older guy, he sure knows how to use it, she thought.

Sheila closed her eyes and focused on the sensational feeling of Dan's manhood inside her. His thrusts were sensual, almost guarded, like he wanted her to enjoy the thickness of his cock massaging her inside. She felt the stirring of yet another orgasm, not wanting Dan to stop.

Sheila felt motion on the bed and opened her eyes. Turk was now kneeling over her. Dan, still slowly moving inside her, was licking the head of Turk's smooth cock. Turk was fully erect and urging Dan to take his cock and suck on it.

Slowly, he worked it inside Dan's wanting mouth, being careful not to disturb the rhythmic lovemaking below him. Sheila reached up with her hand and massaged Turk's balls, occasionally encircling his cock and jacking it into Dan's mouth. She enjoyed watching this totally smooth cock with no hair thrust into Dan's mouth. Dan could hold his orgasm no longer. He groaned with Turk deep in his mouth. Sheila felt his spasms of cumming, and came immediately. Moving her hand from Turk's balls, she slid her fingers to his ass crack, gently inserting one into his hole. With that, Turk felt his climax building. He arched his back and felt one, two, three spasms as he squirted jets of cum into Dan's hungry mouth. Dan hungrily swallowed the first loads of cum in his life. Slowly, Turk pulled his cock out of Dan's mouth and jerked the rest of his man-juice on Sheila's tits. While Sheila looked on in amazement, Dan and Turk leaned down and licked the cum off of her.

The fantastic sex coupled with the wine had exhausted Sheila. As Dan moved off of her, she rolled on her side and fell asleep. She slept dreamily, totally relaxed and satisfied.

Sheila awoke about two hours later and looked up. Turk was sitting on the edge of the other bed and Dan was now kneeling between his legs. Dan was jacking Turk off, begging Turk to cum again. After just a few minutes, Turk said, "I am cumming,"

and came all over Dan's chest and face. Sheila could not believe the insatiable desire of these two men!!!! Meanwhile, back at the apartment, Rick woke up. Looking over at the bedside clock, he noticed that it was near midnight and Sheila was not home. He went into the kitchen and saw the post-it note on the counter with a hotel name and room number on it.

"What the heck is this," Rick yelled out loud. 

Chapter 4 is upcoming. 

If you liked this story, please give us feedback.