 It was about 4am and the party had all but finished with only a handful of people left in the house. I was trying to find a place to sleep, but everyone else had the same idea and although the house was huge with many rooms, every one I went into was taken, sometimes by people already asleep and sometimes by couples fucking on beds or couches. I was feeling pretty horny after almost hooking up with a couple of girls and managing to get a good necking session with them both, but they had now left and I was looking for a spot to sleep and if quiet enough, might risk jerking off.

The only place left to try was the basement, so I wandered down and found that it was like a maze down there, with rooms everywhere. I passed three guys coming up another staircase from what seemed like a second, lower level basement. I thought maybe they had vacated a room at the last minute and were heading home, so I went down into a kind of half basement with a long dark hallway. I was quite intrigued at this point and found this house fascinating and was sure that if there was a place I could sleep down here, I would likely be able to jerk off. I was thinking about that more now and getting quite stiff in my pants at the thought, then I came to the end of the hallway and to a closed door. It was a steel door and to be honest it looked a little scary, but I pushed it open and saw that the room was dark and there appeared to a mattress on the floor, maybe two. As the door opened and some light from the hallway went in, I jumped back when I saw that there was someone lying on the mattress. 

I stood outside the room briefly as I caught my breath and then pushed the door open a little wider to allow more light in and saw that there was a girl lying on her side on a mattress. As more light went in I got that sinking feeling when I noticed that she appeared to be naked from the waist down and had a pair of panties around her ankles and that her shirt was pushed up her back. I froze and had no idea whether to run or to help as I reached inside for a light switch. When my fingers found it, a small lamp turned on by the side of the mattress and illuminated her enough for me to see her bare buttocks and that her shirt was right up under her arms. All I could see was smooth pink skin from her shoulders all the way down her back, over her buttocks and then down her thighs and legs to her panties wrapped around her ankles. 

I thought that something terrible must have happened here and then I felt my cock move in my pants. I stepped closer to her with a plan at that moment to help. However, as I got closer my eyes gazed up and down the back of her naked body and I took in many more details now that I was closer and there was more light. She certainly had lovely skin and I looked down around her neat waist and up over her full hips and lovely round buttocks, then down the backs of her smooth thighs and eventually to her small white panties that were bunched up below her ankles and were close to slipping off her feet. She was lying on her right side with her knees drawn up slightly towards her body and her bare buttocks were facing directly towards me. Her full naked ass cheeks looked amazing. 

I looked around the room briefly to be sure there was no one else there and then saw what must have been her jacket and skirt lying on the floor by the mattress. I was shocked to get the feeling that I had seen them earlier on a girl that I had met once or twice through a friend and had chatted to her a few times that evening. I knelt down on the mattress behind her and putting one hand over her, I looked up at her face and confirmed that it was indeed a girl called Eva, who must have been in her early twenties. As I leaned over her, I could now see that her shirt was up over her breasts and they were fully exposed and of a good size, but because her legs were curled up, I was unable to get a look at her pussy. She was breathing quite noisily and was more than likely just very drunk. It was then that I sat back behind her and took another look at her lovely body and again felt my cock stiffen a little more in my pants. I gently placed a hand on her bare hip and when she didn't respond, I ran it down ever so slowly over her buttocks and down the back of her thighs, then decided that I must do the right thing here. 

I stood up and went around the other side of the mattress and knelt in front of her and placing my hand on her shoulder, I shook her and said, "Eva wake up, are you okay?"

There was no response other than a little movement of her arms and her mouth opening and closing a little, then she went back to breathing quite loud. I shook her again and said a little louder, "Eva, are you okay?"

This time she must have heard what I had said as she rolled onto her back and then feeling the panties around her feet, she kicked them off and lay there for a moment on her back. It was at this moment that I saw her totally naked body stretched out before me and could now see that her pussy was completely hairless and also that her lower stomach and mound of smooth skin on top of her pussy were both very wet. I stared at her stunning body then she turned up onto her other side facing away from me.

I thought for a moment and what I was thinking made my cock get very hard, very quickly. I put two and two together and realised that the guys I had met on the stair had clearly been here and that Eva's stomach and pussy were not wet with something innocent like spilled alcohol or water. This made me think fast and begin to lean towards not doing the right thing after all. I fought briefly with my thoughts, but could think of nothing other than the three guys possibly having fucked her and here she was now lying in front of me almost naked and probably with a pussy full of sperm. I had stumbled upon my greatest fantasy which I could indulge in here and now without anyone ever knowing. 

I had had many fantasies about watching a woman being fucked by another guy or even a few guys. Then once they had left her, I would have her all to myself to fuck her cum filled pussy. I often wondered what it might be like to lick sperm from a woman's pussy lips and then suck on her wet cum filled hole. I had never even dreamed that it might happen, but now seemed like my chance, although I was still not sure if they had really ejaculated inside her and across her stomach. So placing a hand on her right hip, I pulled Eva gently towards me and she quietly rolled onto her back again and her thighs fell open. 

Her firm breasts shook as she rolled onto her back again on the mattress and I once again looked up and down her naked body. Her stomach was certainly quite wet with most of it low down on her belly, so I was almost convinced that it was sperm. Then looking down at her pussy, it was also wet and even in the dim light I could almost make out the opaque whitish colour of several streaks of a thick gel like liquid on her smooth skin. I knelt beside her and with my cock straining inside my pants I leaned forward to do something I had imagined doing many dozens of times. As my face nearer her stomach, the smell confirmed everything, but I did not stop. Opening my mouth just as I reached her belly button, I placed my tongue flat on her stomach and licked down towards her pussy for two or three inches.

My cock jumped as my tongue touched her warm skin and then stiffened beyond my normal erection as it passes through a thin coating of sperm and then into a deeper thick streak of warm sperm. The taste on my tongue was odd, but the tingling feeling and the very thought of what it was made my cock very hard. I sat up with my head spinning and my tongue still tingling and pulled open the front of my pants, then as I took hold of my hot, hard shaft, I put my mouth back down onto her belly and pulled down on my foreskin as I licked up a little more sperm. The feeling was unreal and I could have simply squeezed my shaft in my hand and shot my cum all over her belly, but I decided to let go of my cock and licked down over her smooth wet mound until I felt her plump lips separate. I poked down between her lips for a moment and then tasting more sperm between them, I realised there was no going back. 

I looked up at Eva and she was out. So I stood up and pulled my pants and underwear off, then kicked of my shoes and socks and just as I was about to kneel down again to continue, I pulled my top off so that I was totally naked. Feeling even more exposed made this all the more exciting and I stepped back towards the steel door and pushed it to within an inch of being closed. I carefully moved Eva's thighs a little wider, then got onto the mattress between them and lay down with my face hovering over her pussy. I kissed the top of her wet mound and then again started to lick down between her lips and placing my hands on either side of her pussy I carefully pulled her lips apart, but it was too dark to get a clear view. I turned and looked at the light from the lamp which was lighting up the ceiling and not much else, so I reached over and turned the lamp onto its side and left it lying there. 

Now getting back between Eva's thighs was a different and much clearer picture. As I put my hands on either side of her pussy again I could now see just how smoothly shaven her pussy was and that her entire pussy was glistening with sperm. There were many thick white streaks up over her mound and on her lower belly, but the most tantalising thing that I was now able to see was a thick white load of cum oozing slowly out of her pussy and about to run down between her buttocks onto the mattress. My cock was now rubbing against the mattress below me and I knew that I could not wait any longer, so I looked down again at the thick cum spilling from her pussy and lowered my mouth down between her thighs. I let the tip of my tongue touch her between the buttocks then after pausing for a second I scooped the thick cream up into my mouth. It was warm and tasted good, but as I licked up over her pussy I could almost feel my orgasm start. I sat up and put my hands under each of her knees, then pushed her thighs open as I look up at Eva. She was out cold and her chest was rising and falling with deep breaths as I leaned forward and placed my cock down between her lips. The very instant my tip touched the thick hot sperm that was spilling from her pussy, I gazed up at her and began to shoot what felt like a massive load of sperm out onto her pussy. 

The first few cumshots hit her pussy and sprayed up onto her stomach, then as I pushed forward, more splashed around her pussy before my shaft slid quickly and deeply into her and began pumping a good load of sperm up inside her. The relief was instant and the feeling was incredible as I pressed as deep into her as possible and could feel my balls press hard against her. The taste of cum was strong in my mouth and as I felt my sperm shooting in between her smooth wet walls, I tilted my head back and let the cum in my mouth slide down my throat. I could also feel warm cum against my balls as I held my cock deep inside her pussy and let out a long slow breath. It was then I heard the door push open and light from the hallway enter the room, but I was too scared to turn around and still finishing off my orgasm. I thought quickly and realised this could be any couple fucking after a party, but then a voice whispered, "Hey, are you done? Can I fuck her next?"

I wasn't sure if this guy knew who she was, but could only assume by what he had asked, was that he knew it wasn't my girlfriend. I quickly licked the cum from around my lips, but still did not turn around, then once my orgasm was over I reached down and took hold of my cock and pulled it of Eva's pussy. Once the head was out of her hole, I squeezed it and a couple of weak cumshots squirted up onto her pussy as the guy entered the room and began to pull his pants off. I decided not to say anything as he dropped his pants on the floor and knelt down on the end of the mattress holding his cock. He stroked his cock several times and said, "Is she okay?"

Although I did not want to speak I had to say something and offered, "Yeah, I think so."

Then looking down at her with his cock in his hand becoming quite hard he said, "Fuck, she looks amazing, did the other three fuck her as well?"

Thinking quickly again, I simply said, "I'm not sure."

He then put his cock quickly down between her thighs and once between her slippery wet lips he penetrated her and started fucking her quite hard and fast. He put his hands on the mattress on either side of her as he fucked her and muttered and mumbled under his breath from the start. I stepped back into the corner of the room as he fucked her, feeling rather odd that I was standing there totally naked with a semi erect cock. The noise of his cock fucking her wet pussy was such a great turn on as well as just watching another guy fucking her. My cock rather than getting softer was already showing signs of slight stiffening again. I guessed that her pussy now had at least four different loads of sperm inside and it seemed like she would be getting a fifth very soon. His cock slapped away at her wet hole and then I saw him lean forward and kiss and suck on her breasts and nipples as his hips pumped away at her pussy. 

He fucked her with a good steady pace and it seemed like he might be fucking her for quite a while as I watched her breasts moving up and down her chest as his cock slapped into her wet pussy. He didn't look over at me but stayed focused on her pussy and had now started to close his eyes occasionally. This went on for what seemed like a long time, but in reality, was maybe five or six minutes. Then with his eyes closed tight and the speed of his thrusts increasing, he had reached the point where he just had to let go. As his orgasm started, I stepped forward so that I would not miss anything. He lay on top of her as he sent more sperm into her pussy and I could see him squeezing is ass cheeks tight as he pushed as deep as her could into Eva. I knelt down on the mattress beside her as he relaxed and finally pushed himself back up, then withdrew his shaft from her pussy and stood up over her. His cock was dripping cum down around her thighs, then just as I had done, he held his shaft tight and tugging down on his foreskin, he squirted out a few more small cumshots high up between her breasts. He looked over at me for a moment then quickly dressed and just before leaving the room said, "Thanks."

It had all happened so fast as I looked at Eva, and while still on my hands and knees, I went up to her face to make sure she was still okay. She was breathing steadily and calmly as I lowered my mouth down and kissed her cheek, then moving my lips over hers, I slid my tongue into her mouth and was surprised when she opened her mouth and we began to kiss. The smell of cum now filled the room and as I kissed her I put my hand on her left breast and it felt great. I moved my fingers across her soft nipple and towards her other breast when my fingers went through the fresh sperm that had just been shot up between them. I stopped kissing her for a moment and lifted my head up to look at the sperm. It was thick and white and I knew it was very fresh indeed and it had given me another great idea.

I put my mouth down low between her breasts and licked up to the thick cum which had not moved, but remained thick and still on her skin. I licked it up into my mouth and was careful to get most of it in, but not swallow any. It was very hot in my mouth as I moved up to Eva again and with my lips closed, kissed her on the mouth. She responded again and this time I felt her tongue lick against my closed lips and I let them open slowly as my tongue entered her mouth and we began to kiss. The sperm ran slowly into her mouth as both our tongues swirled around and as my cock began to harden again. It seemed like she had been slightly awoken by the taste of sperm in her mouth.

We kissed for a few minutes, but it was clear to me that Eva was still very sleepy and after a few attempts, she managed to roll up onto her right side again and I lay down in front of her just looking at her lovely naked body. She curled up again and was back in the same position I had found her in and appeared to be close to sleeping again. I rubbed the thick cum that was between her breasts up across both her nipples, then slid my hand down her wet stomach and between her closed thighs, feeling her wet pussy soaked with cum. My cock had lost a bit of its stiffness as I had been kissing and fondling her, then to my surprise light began to fill the room as the door pushed open. 

Someone peered in and said, "Hello, anyone here?"

I said nothing, but as the door opened more, the light coming in showed myself and Eva on the mattress.

On seeing us the voice said, "Oh sorry, is this......"

He did not finished the sentence, but I knew what he was going to say as the door opened and he stepped into the room and looked at Eva's naked buttocks as the light from the hallway shone on them. 

"Wow," he paused as he took in the scene. "Can we fuck her?" he said looking over at me and I saw another guy step into the room behind him. I was powerless to say whether or not they could fuck her so just shrugged my shoulders and said nothing. They both came into the room and the first guy started to open his jeans and pull them off as the other guy moved into the corner of the room to watch. 

Once he had kicked off his jeans and underwear he held his cock and got down on the mattress behind Eva and moved in close behind her buttocks. It was at this moment that I realised she was in a great position to be fucked just the way she was lying. I moved in front of her and pulled her left thigh up a little higher to open her buttocks a little wider for him as he placed both hands on top of her hip and shuffled his knees up against her, then reaching down to his cock he took hold of it and looked over at me. I was the only totally naked person in the room and felt that I was somehow coordinating things and with that, and the fact that my cock was now very hard again, I decided to make the most of this rather bizarre situation. 

I lay down on the mattress again, but this time with my face down towards her belly and more specifically, her wet pussy. I lifting her left thigh up and making sure she remained mostly on her side, I held her thigh up as I kissed my way down her lovely wet round belly. I continued down until my face was between her thighs and I was able to kiss her soft cum covered mound. The guy holding his cock up to Eva's pussy looked down at me and I looked up at him, then after a few moments and without either of us saying a word, he moved his erect tip closer to her tightly closed pussy lips. I lifted her left thigh up and put my head down gently on the inside of her right thigh and gazed at her closed wet pussy lips. Although her lips were now closed there was a large amount of sperm that had run out of her pussy and because of the way she was lying, some had run down her buttocks onto the mattress and some had run out over the front of her thigh. 

Seeing the cum on her thigh and buttocks, I licked down over her pussy lips, parting them a little, then licked at the sperm running out onto her thigh. I could now see that the second guy had pulled his pants off and was kneeling on the edge of the mattress and taking a great interest in what was happening. Once I had sucked the sperm off her thigh and licked at the sperm still running out of her pussy I moved my head back and watched as the guy pressed his cock against her pussy lips. The tip separated them and started to slide deep into her. It was an awesome sight as his cock slid into her and he started to fuck her wet hole. I let her left thigh now rest down on my cheek so that my face was pressed in between her cum covered thighs and because of her position I was able to still lick at her soft mound as he pumped at her wet hole.
