 After leaving a sexually gratified couple in the room behind her, Emily headed to David’s office downstairs to take a quick shower so she could wash away any remnants of semen and saliva from her body. Knowing her sexual escapades this night weren’t over, she wanted herself smelling fresh and appearance enticing for her next “masters” that would be drawn during tonight’s second sex slave raffle. Anxious to speak with her and knowing she had about five minutes to bathe before the next drawing, I quickly moved to meet her in David’s office.

“You look absolutely stunning!” I said, as I walked into the office. 

Seeing her, my eyes wondered up and down her body, admiring her choice to wear a full-length, black body stocking this night. I loved the way it highlighted her gorgeous figure. The eroticism of seeing her small, pink nipples through the transparent material was intoxicating. She was simply gorgeous!

“You’re sweet!” She said, smiling at my compliment as she walked into the bathroom.

“You look like you had fun with that couple!” I said, my full focus on her as she began to undress. I leaned against the doorway, settling back to watch the beauty of her stripping before me, my erection quickly returning as she peeled the stocking down her petite frame.

“I did!” Pausing briefly before saying further, “I was so incredibly horny! It didn’t take much for them to make me cum!” 

Now completely naked, she turned on the water. As she did so, my eyes absorbed the beauty of her firm buttocks. Even though I had just seen her have sex with two complete strangers, I could feel my face flushing as I listened to hear talk about it. Excited, I asked, “Did Stephanie taste as good as she looked?”

Emily grinned from my question. I could tell by looking at her that she was picturing in her mind what had transpired just a few minutes earlier. “Yeah! Her pussy was very sweet!” 

I swallowed heavily hearing this, then asked, “Did Sean feel good inside you?”

Emily laughed with nervous tension hearing my question. Looking at me, she said, “Will you stop! You’re going to make me all wet again!”

I smiled shyly, embarrassed that I was letting my arousal get the best of me. However, I wanted to hear her answer my question. “I’m sorry! I won’t ask anything else! But…I do want to know if you enjoyed feeling him inside you? Enjoy feeling him fucking you as hard as he did!”

Emily gave me a sly smile. Looking at me, I knew she was thinking I was a smart-ass for pressing the issue with her. But, as she entered the shower she looked at me. I could see her face flushing slightly as she said, “Yes! Feeling him inside me…Hmm…!” Shaking her head happily from the memory as she continued, “He fucked me really, really good!!”

I let out a long sigh as she closed the shower door behind her. It was all I needed to hear.

Part II

I left Emily alone to shower and headed back to the main social area of the club so I could watch the next drawing. As I walked through the hallways, I was quickly reminded how surreal being in a swingers club can be as I passed a women hungrily giving her partner a blowjob right in the middle of the hallway. They weren’t a highly attractive couple but the sight of seeing two complete strangers pleasing each other so openly was titillating, nonetheless. I definitely had become addicted to this place.

About ten minutes later, David reappeared in front of another large crowd full of the same couples that had been present during tonight’s earlier raffle. As David went over the rules of the second drawing again, I scanned the room and could see some anxious faces mixed in with those who had the ‘I just got laid’ look about them. It was obvious that it wasn’t just the “slaves” and “masters” who had been having fun this night.

As Emily and her fellow slaves entered the social area again, David stated clearly a second time that this drawing was a “wildcard drawing” where an individual or group up to four could enter their names for a $50 entrance fee. Most people in the crowd already knew this but hearing this information still had a way of electrifying the room. After another ten minutes of waiting to provide anyone one last opportunity to enter, names were finally drawn.

As she did during the first drawing, Emily anxiously scanned the crowd, wondering who was going to be chosen for her next. The highly attractive interracial couple that had also volunteered to be slaves for tonight’s charity raffle were once again drawn individually before her. First, cheers going out for the couple that won Devon. A second round of cheers produced when his wife Sophia was won by another woman. Knowing her name was next, Emily bit down nervously on her bottom lip. However, she looked like she was going to faint when she heard who was selected.

As David read off the names of the four men who had won Emily as their sex slave, a loud roar exploded from the crowd, created when everyone felt a sudden burst of energy as they all realized what had just taken place. For most who were present, the thought of four men winning the services of this beautiful, young woman was extremely titillating.

Immediately, Emily scanned the crowd, her face hinting that she wasn’t sure what she had got herself into when she found me. As I looked at her, I just smiled and shrugged my shoulders, trying my best to tell her silently that she was the one who put herself in this situation and that everything was going to be okay. 

I knew as I continued watching her that she was now very nervous. Likely feeling this way not knowing what might happen to her. Likely fearful wondering what they might ask her to do. But, I also had no doubt that an even bigger part of her was now steadily growing with intense arousal as each second passed by, realizing that she was about to have a sexual experience unlike anything she had ever delved in before. 

Part III

As I continued to watch from a distance, the four men walked up to Emily and each of them either shook her hand or gave her a brief, friendly hug as they introduced themselves. Looking at the four men, two of them looked to be in their mid to late thirties, one appeared to be in his mid forties, the oldest looking to be in his mid to late fifties. 

Emily and I had talked earlier about what she would do if she had to have sex with someone she found unattractive. But, as I watched her closely, I sensed she felt at least a mild attraction to each of them, some more then others but she showed no signs of being turned off by any of the four. Strongly sensing this was a relief because I hoped she would be able to let herself go and enjoy this upcoming experience as much as possible.

As the majority of the crowd began to disperse, Emily conversed with the men. It was almost comical as I watched them; softly laughing to myself as the men tried to conceal what were obvious, lustful stares at her succulent body. All of them at some point locking their eyes on her breasts, seeing her erect nipples under the transparent body stocking. All of them with a constant, lust filled look on their face. 

For Emily, I could see her mixture of nervousness and arousal. Shown by her inability to stay still as she rapidly adjusted her weight, swaying from one foot to the next as she spoke with them. Knowing her as I did, I knew she wanted to get down to business, sooner rather than later.

After conversing a few more minutes, the man in his forties leaned close to Emily and asked her a question. A few seconds later, Emily looked up at him and nodded her head affirmatively, her face blushing slightly as she did so. After asking his question, the man then tenderly took hold of Emily’s hand and proceeded to guide her upstairs with the three other men following close behind. Watching from a distance, I could see Emily biting down on her lower lip again as she walked up the spiral staircase, a combination of fear and arousal locked on her face.     

Part IV

I quickly learned from David where the men were taking Emily. They were all heading for the “stadium room”, a room where a large bed lay directly in the middle, surrounded by what looked to be oversized steps about four rows high, each step padded and carpeted so that an audience could sit comfortably while watching whatever hedonistic activity was to take place on the bed before them. Tonight, the audience would be the spouses of the four men and a small number of specially invited friends.

With each forward step--not yet knowing where the group of men was taking her—Emily’s breathing quickened from her still steadily growing arousal and excitement. Her breathing intensifying even more when she finally entered the room and discovered the waiting audience. For Emily, it was titillating enough knowing she was about to have sex with four men. But, seeing eight complete strangers seated around the bed, knowing they were all going to watch everything that was about to happen drastically increased every emotion coursing through her body that much more.

Now trembling, her anxiety leaving her slightly short of breath, Emily kicked off her shoes and walked barefoot on the mattress as one of the men guided her to the middle of the bed. Standing, Emily now looked somewhat frightened with what was about to take place, yet her face also showed signs of her excitement as well which had a strange way of increasing the sexual tension already present in the room. As she watched the three other men approach her without any spoken words, they quickly surrounded her, reaching out, using their hands and fingers to caress her body. 

Feeling this, Emily drew in a deep breath as she felt four pairs of hands suddenly touching her, her breathing still rapid as she felt herself continuing to tremble, the thought that all this couldn’t possibly be happening running through mind. Reality soon popping back into focus, however, when she felt a jolt of pleasure shooting down her spine as one of the men boldly pinched one of her nipples through the stocking, a small grunt audibly escaping her as he did so. Watching only a few feet away, Emily looked like she was quickly falling in a trance, lost in the intensely erotic sensation of being touched so intimately by four complete strangers.

Together, those of us in the audience watched transfixed as the men continued to slowly explore Emily’s body. All of us watching as hands caressed her face and neck; fingertips sliding up and down the length of her arms; hands fondling and exploring her breasts still underneath the stocking; hands sliding over her perfect, tight ass. As the blissful exploration continued, Emily eventually reached out to hold herself steady, placing a hand on one man’s chest while the other rested on another man’s shoulder for support. Soon, her eyes closing, still breathing rapidly through a slightly open mouth as she felt herself quickly falling into a realm of lust she had never experienced before.

In time, one of the men eventually became more aggressive and placed his fingertips under the strap of her body stocking before slowly pulling it down over her shoulder. Another man--seeing what his friend was doing--quickly followed his lead and began to pull the opposite strap down as well. As they each worked simultaneously, it was only a matter of seconds before Emily’s beautiful breasts became exposed. As this happened, some of the people watching softly moaned, obviously enamored as I was seeing Emily’s small, pink nipples clearly erect with excitement.

Not stopping after exposing her breasts, the two men continued to peel the stocking down her body, further moans echoing in the room as more of her luscious frame slowly became exposed. As both men kneeled down after passing her knees, Emily placed her hands on each man’s shoulder and quickly stepped out of the stocking. 

Immediately, Emily swallowed heavily, highly titillated when the realization that she was now standing completely naked in a room full of strangers hit her. An enjoyable tingle coursing though her sex knowing all those in the room were still fully clothed, all of them watching her closely. 

For the four men still surrounding her, they looked like a hungry pack of wolves circled around their prey; each of them possessing an extremely hungry look on their face as they continuously stared at her youthful beauty. Their own excitement heightened even more knowing that each of them was soon going to get their chance to fuck her.

Feeling this hunger, the oldest man in the group moved directly in front of Emily and began running his fingertips over her breasts, his eyes soon completely focused on her nipples as he gently pinched them between his fingers--smiling as he heard Emily softly grunt from the stimulation. As the older man continued teasing her nipples, one of the younger men standing behind her bent down and began to run his hands over Emily’s buttocks, gently squeezing and caressing her ass, enjoying both the firmness of her muscles and softness of her skin as he kneaded her flesh. 

Not being left out, the two men who had removed her body stocking stayed to each side of her. For the man on her right, he stood and leaned forward to softly lick the skin around the nape of her neck as his hands began exploring her stomach and back. The man to her left staying crotched over, his hands busy running up and down the length of her leg, occasionally flicking his tongue over her hip and thigh. As the men continued to explore and tease her body, I watched Emily closely, grinning broadly as I watched her occasionally bite down on her lower lip; watching her chest steadily rise and fall as she breathed deeply, lost in the sensations the men were bringing upon her.

Soon, the older gentlemen in front of Emily reached up and gently brushed her hair away from her face before leaning forward, briefly kissing her on the cheek. Then--without saying a word--he bent down slightly and boldly sucked her right nipple into his mouth. As Emily felt her now highly sensitive areola drawn passed his lips, this sensation immediately followed by the erotic feel of his warm tongue flicking rapidly against it, she deeply sighed. Quickly, finding herself reaching forward, resting a hand on his shoulder as the other gripped the back of his head, a pleasing grunt escaping her as she felt him please her breasts, helping him move back and forth from one nipple to the next.

Simultaneously behind her, the man squatted down caressing her buttocks began to run his hands up and down the full length of her legs, eventually concentrating on the sensitive skin of her inner thighs. As he teased her this way, Emily subtly spread her legs slightly further apart to give him easier access to please her at an area she thoroughly enjoyed being touched. 

Noticing her subtle encouragement when she delicately widened her stance, the man took this as an invitation to move his hands even higher and began to massage the curvature of her extreme inner thigh, at times his fingers just inches away from her now soaking wet pussy. For the moment, he purposely avoided touching the most vulnerable area of her body; purposely teasing her, succeeding second-by-second to increase her growing desire to feel something slip inside her again this night. As he continuously teased her together with his friends, the pleasing aroma of her sex slowly started to fill the air around them. 

In a very short period of time, her scent heightened the arousal of the four men even more. Excited, the man to her left soon stood and used his right hand to brush away some strands of hair that lay to the side of her face. Then, still gripping her hair, he leaned forward and proceeded to aggressively lick and nibble on her ear as his left hand slid down the front of her body until reaching the lips of her labia. Then, with his middle finger, he boldly placed firm pressure directly to her swollen clitoris just before moving his finger in a rhythmic, circular motion against her button.

Instantly, Emily gasped then grunted loudly from the stimulation on her clitoris--shock waves of intense pleasure coursing through her body. The joy she now felt in her groin heightened even more by the man’s blissful work on her nipples in front of her as the two men at each side of her stayed busy pleasing her flesh with their tongues. However, Emily melted when the man behind her stopped teasing her thighs, suddenly thrusting two of his large fingers deep inside her now aching pussy.

Immediately, everyone in the room saw the impact the man’s fingers had on Emily when he penetrated her. Watching closely, her face looked like she was drugged, her eyes closed as she continuously moaned as the four men continued working on her. Gradually, her body subtly beginning to spasm as she became overwhelmed with the intense stimulus the men collectively brought upon her. As she steadily fell deeper into an abyss of sexual gratification, she eventually cried out, “God! You have no idea what you guys are doing to me right now!!” 

Hearing her, all of the men smiled, each responding to her comments with their own unique response. 

The man behind her grinning as he increased the speed of his fingers, ramming them deep inside her, twisting and turning them, both fingers now thickly coated with her juices as the tips of them brushed against the cone of her cervix. 

For the man in front of her, he gently bit down on one of her nipples, causing her to gasp from the mixture of pain and pleasure. 

The man to her left stimulating her clitoris in variable ways, changing speed and technique which did nothing but push her closer to what she knew was coming-- an intense orgasm.

For the man on her right, however, he took her comment as an opening and started pushing things to an even higher level. Reaching down, he gripped her at her knee and pulled her bending leg up towards himself, cuffing her naked leg into his body, his action lewdly spreading her legs wide apart completely exposing her pussy to everyone in the room. 

Seeing this, those in the audience adjusted their view, admiring the sight of two fingers disappearing into her pussy as another lay between the folds of her labia, working on her clitoris. The mask of lust present on her face, combined with the sight of her being ravenously taken by the four men surrounding her mesmerizing them all.

For the man now holding her leg, he quickly leaned closer to her, speaking into her ear, huskiness in his voice, “Do you like feeling all of us touching you?”

Without opening her eyes, moans still escaping her lips, Emily’s voice trembled, “Uh, huh!”

With rising lust in his voice, his voice starting to softly shake, he said, “Do you like feeling me friend’s fingers inside your sweet, little pussy?”

“Yes!” 

As he reached down to rub her pussy with his fingers, joining his friend, he said, “After we make you cum, are you going to let each of us fuck you?”

Emily grunted, both from his question and the feel of him now touching her vagina with his friend. The sounds of her lustful grunts were exquisite. Quickly, she responded, “Yes!” 

Not satisfied, he said, “Tell us what you want us to do after we make you cum?” 

All four men could tell Emily was close to exploding. The sounds she made, her breathing, the way her body was shaking was clearly telling them that an orgasm was rapidly approaching. After a few seconds-- her delay responding to his question caused by the deluge of stimulus hitting her body—Emily said, her voice now shaking as well, “I want to feel each one of you inside me! Feel each of you fuck me!”

Answering his question was the last stimulus her mind needed. As visions of what she knew was soon to come ran through her mind, she drew in one last, deep breath, holding it in a brief moment as her face turned red before screaming, her body convulsing almost violently as a powerful orgasm washed over her. With a bare foot hanging loosely in the air, her toes curled tightly; her fingers gripping the man in front of her forcefully as her body continued to buck wildly back and forth; loud moans escaping from deep within her, echoing throughout the room as her face grimaced sharply while the orgasm continued tearing its way through her entire body.
