 We had been drinking for a few hours at our annual summer fling and the guest were beginning to leave. Another year at our house with close friends spending time together talking about life, our careers and families. This year was a rather special occasion because on that night we had another reason to celebrate, my wife Caprice had turned 21 years of age.

Needless to say, she had her share of drinks. She was not a very wild person, but on this night, she decided to pull out all the stops. Having exhausted herself from a night of partying, Caprice excused herself from the guests in the living room and stumbled to the bedroom for some much needed rest.

The party quickly reduced itself to myself and four of my old high-school buddies. We sat around talking about past girlfriends and comparing notes. Who had the best breasts in high-school? Who had the tightest ass? Who had the nicest legs? To my amazement, my wife placed #1 in several of the categories.

Standing about 5' 8", softly curled waist length blonde hair, her light blue eyes the color of a tropical sea. Her deep tan was kept year round, apparent when she would dress for the beach and expose her ass in a thong bikini. Her tan lines were perfect. Her breasts were perky, with pink, puffy nipples that would leave nickel-sized protrusions sticking out of her bathing suit. Her nipples were always hard. And she liked to show her tits off by wearing tight blouses with no bra. Thin, white t-shirts were her preference, as you could see not only the puffiness sticking out, but often could pick out the outline of her darkened nipples. She loved to tease men. I wasn't complaining.

Hormones oozed from our man-group as our conversation delved deeper into the erotic. We began talking about my wife. None of them had ever been with her, so they were interested in hearing every detail about our lovemaking. Ever more excited, I decided to check in on my wife. Stepping through the bedroom door I could see laying on the bed a vision of perfection. Bathed in candlelight, Caprice lay face up on the bed wearing nothing but the silk negligee that I had bought her for her birthday. Looking at her I could see the translucent white fabric caressing her breasts in a gentle flow of intoxication. Beneath the gown her beautiful puffy nipples stood erect, the visible outline of her breasts stood white amidst the tan of her abdomen. Her arms were stretched above her, the hem of the fabric nightie bisecting her lower abdomen to expose her freshly shaven pussy. My God, this was incredible! The thought of me standing there, with my naked wife and my buddies in the other room, was exciting. My cock already partly swollen began to get hard. I walked over to Caprice and lightly kissed her on the lips. She was sleeping soundly. Close to her I could smell the aroma of flowers. Beckoned by this sweet scent I slowly moved my head about her body, starting at her head and working down her body. I placed my hand into my pants and touched the tip of my cock. Pre-cum was oozing from my cock. With a circular motion, I rubbed the salty fluid around the head of my penis. Man, I was getting turned on. Moving down, I paused as I reached her midsection. My senses alive as my nose was now only inches from her fleshy cunt, I could see a slight glistening escaping from her velvety love hole in the flickering candle light. Her pussy looked juvenile, soft smooth lips held tight against the opening of her cunt. She was very cautious not to overwork her body through sex lest she become loose and non-attractive in this area. A vision to behold, the moment froze in time and permanently etched itself in my mind. Her pussy was so perfect.

She was emitting a sweet womanly smell in this region. Thoughts dashed through my head as I took in the splendor before me. I wondered if she was awake long enough to hear our stories of delight from the other room. I opened my mouth and slowly, delicately, touched the tip of my tongue to her smooth pussy lips. No movement. Slowly I traveled the full length of her two inch-long opening with my tongue. Caprice was passed out. At this moment my thoughts shifted to my friends in the other room. I had an erotic desire for them to see, in the flesh, what they had lusted for. I wanted them to feel her soft flesh. To taste her salty juices. To satisfy every urge with her. To fuck her.

I returned to the front room and without a word invited my male counterparts to the bedroom. One at a time, all four men entered the room. Standing in awe at this sight, and without word, I began to undress. Gazing at each of my friends, there was an unspoken message, a sort of communication that took place and they too, shed their clothes. Raising my hand to my mouth I moistened my palm and began to masturbate. Flickering light danced about the room as each man engaged in sultry self-gratification while they absorbed the sheer beauty before them. One by one, I allowed them to touch her. She lay motionless. I watched as each man took turns between my wife's legs tasting her juices and exploring the depths of her womanness. She was so tight, a single digit was all she would permit within her love hole. Still no response from Caprice.

I knew what was to happen next. Could I avoid it? Did I want to? Emotions were mixed as I initiated the next move in this game of love, which would ultimately lead to one of the greatest sexual experiences of my life. I grabbed my best friend, my best man, and moved him to the foot of the bed. Kneeling naked over my wife, and looking at me for approval, he placed his meaty cock on the wet folds of Caprices' pussy. I nodded indicating my approval of his upcoming action. Holding my wife's legs apart with her knees placed near her head and his eyes affixed on me, Brian slowly pressed the head of his cock into my wife. A brief pause as he gazed around the room to find every man staring in disbelief at what was happening. My wife was being fucked by my best friend. Slowly he began to slide his meat rod out. Then in again. Then out. The fucking built with mounting fervor. No response from Caprice. The men were in utter delight as the sight before them and surround this love feast with focused anticipation. Everyone was stroking their cocks as pre-cum began to drip from their rock hard cocks and drip on my wife. Faster. Deeper. The fucking became forceful. Caprices' body heaved under the pressure of the cock inside her, and her large, round breasts undulated as the shock waves traveled through her body from Brian's manly pounding. Brian's pace quickened as he rammed into the tight love hole. Faster and faster, his cock completely leaving the sanctity of her hot hole with each thrust only to disappear again into her deep gorge. I never fuck her like this, I thought. The audience stroked faster. Several hands fondled my wifes' breasts and pinched her nipples. Faster the fucking became. I could see the muscles in Brian's back begin to tense and his breathing became pronounced. He was about to come in my wife! Looking at me again, with one final thrust Brian bottoms his cock as deep as it will go into my wife's cunt. His body tense, I could tell that he was releasing his juices into her. His breathing became labored. Sweat dripped from his body and drenched Caprice, her negligee translucent from the sweat. Brian's body relaxed. After a moment of silence, he continued his love dance with my wife, but now the movements were slower and more rhythmic. The sound of squishy fluid filled the room as the salty payload leaks past his engorged cock and runs down between Caprice's ass cheeks. Unable to control myself, I move in to deposit my message. My cock heaves mightily and washes her body in semen. I release my load all over her, being sure to distribute it over her face and breasts. Her negligee, not able to absorb my sticky fluids lies stuck to her body, leaving her breasts in full view. Come drips into her beautiful mouth and runs down her cheek.

Her body still motionless, the circle of friends shifts to the left. We are gang fucking my wife! A new man is in position. My god Mark's cock is huge. It must be 12" long and as big around as a beer can. I wondered if this thing will hurt her, and at the same time am wildly excited at the thought of my wife's cunt stretched to capacity, yielding to this wonderment of manliness. Was she aware of what was happening? Should I be allowing this? Past the point of no return, I watched as Mark navigated his massive black member into position. Utilizing the semen that was left over from the prior assault, he lubricates his tremendous shaft. Then he turns Caprice over. No I thought. He wasn't about to...he couldn't. Caprice was face down now. No movement. Spreading her ass cheeks apart, her tan lobes of flesh held captive in his hands, a white line from her thong bikini creating an arrow pointing down to the round opening below, Mark inserts his index finger into her beckoning asshole. Slowly, he stretches her anal muscle by pulling his finger from side to side. In and out of her butt his finger glides preparing the area for what is about to come. A moment later and satisfied, he drops some saliva from his mouth into her anal orifice. Mark positions his cock at the opening of her ass. Pressing forward, ever so slowly, with a noticeable "pop" the crown of his massive black cock disappears into the fleshy abyss. Cum showers down from above as Adam releases his load all over Caprice. He had been mouth fucking Caprice. Her back, now covered in cum, glistens in the candlelight. Harder and harder my wife's ass is reamed. Twelve inches of cock being buried into her tight butt hole. My unit quickly becomes hard again at the sight of my best friends fucking my lovely wife. I continue to stroke. The smell of flowers in the room that was so prominent before gives way to the sweet, salty aroma of cum as love juices intermittently stream from the party of men. Mark with his massive cock lies atop Caprice and rolls her over. Still no sign of movement from the human love doll. Now beneath her, his big, black cock fully seated in her ass, Caprice's legs spread apart to reveal a slightly reddened pussy, the final act of love begins. What happened next was disturbing. Bob, the last man to get his chance with Caprice moves into place. Pinching her pussy lips between thumb and forefinger he spreads her vulva apart. You can see the visible bulge from Mark's massive cock just on the other side of the thin membrane separating her ass from her cunt. The final conquest begins as Bob presses into my wife, feeling the movement from the other cock sharing his joy. Caprices body, wet in semen undulates in the human love sandwich. I kneel beside the trio with cock in hand, watching for signs of movement from my wife. Still passed out. Both men continue pounding her flesh incessantly. Faster, harder they go in unbridled passion. Bob quickly stands on the bed, removes his cock, grabs Caprice by the hips and forces her down deep on Mark's cock below. The semen dripping from her now gaping pussy hole indicates that Bob had contributed nicely to the mixture of bodily fluids within her. My cock, harder than ever before, is next to perform. It glides effortlessly into her cunt. Unobstructed by the now flaccid cock taking up residence in Caprices' ass, I fuck her like you read about. Slamming into her with such force as to move my trio up into the headboard above, I can feel the spastic pulsating from my cock neighbor. In and out I glide, ever widening expanses of flesh as the cock beyond begins to retract. She's all mine, I thought. Almost unable to remain on top of this slippery cum covered body, I insert two fingers into her pussy to tighten the hole and improve sensation. Quickly, and without warning, my body begins to warm. Chills begin to cascade down upon me as I enter a world like no other. A world of light, love and tranquility. The present removes itself from time and I am now alone. Motion slows as I feel my manhood well up with semen. Bolts of lightening travel from toe to head as I release. Warm fluid gushes around me. One more thrust as I remove my now embedded hand from my wife's cunt to allow my cock to take in the last moments of heaven alone. I collapse on the motionless mass of flesh before me. Breathing deeply, I kiss my wife gently on the forehead and try to regain a sense of reality. Others around stand gasping for air, perplexed, naked with flacid cocks, some still dripping with come. A calming sensation envelopes the room as I personally embrace each member of the love party. Even in our nakidness, I felt that this was the thing to do. I had just shared my most prized possession, my wife, with my friends. Her cunt was filled with their come. We stared at her for a few moments reflecting on what had just occurred. Her body still motionless lay in a pool of semen, her pussy and ass hole left wide open from the assault now complete.

What would I tell her? How would she react? How would I explain her soreness that she would inevitably feel tomorrow from being gang fucked? We picked her up and carried her to bathroom. We took turns cleansing her and probing her depths one last time. I changed the bed sheets and we carried her gently back to the bedroom. We tucked her in and each friend gave her a kiss. After bidding farewell to the boys, I returned to the bedroom. Slipping between the sheets I gave my wife a final kiss. "Thank-you" she muttered as I lay beside her. These, the only words from her lips, and nothing more. Next years' birthday is sure to be a treat.