 It was an unusual day, unusual in the respect that it was a Saturday and I was off for the entire weekend. Kirsty, my girlfriend, as usual, got up at 6am, readied herself and headed off to the hairdressing salon where she worked with her best friend Simone. She worked six days a week and most evenings. Kirsty and I were struggling to meet the payments on the small starter pad we had moved into some six months earlier, working as many hours as we could, simply to stand still.

The house is small, consisting of a narrow L shaped downstairs lounge and a small kitchen. The stairs go off the right hand side as you walk in the front door. Upstairs there is one main bedroom a bathroom and a tiny box room, too small even for a full sized bed. It had been well decorated by the previous owners and is situated in the middle of a terrace of similar homes, now mostly occupied by older people, pleasant enough, but virtually all we could afford. At least it has a small back garden we can make use of in the summer months.

Kirsty is naturally a brunette but often sports different hair colours, at that time it was jet black, short and spiky. She had a liberal tan, spray on, but tastefully applied all over! Her eyes are blue, she is medium height and solidly built, not fat but not thin either, solid. Her body is well proportioned her hips matching her frame with a pert and tidy arse. Her 38 DD tits are my favourite toys at bed time and I love to massage the mounds of her round and curvy ass.

Simone is taller by a few inches, narrower and leaner than Kirsty. A natural blonde, she also has blue eyes but a fairer complexion with a well toned body. She has smaller tits and longer legs than Kirsty.

It is fair to say that Kirsty and Simone are obsessed by their appearance, even on rare days off they would experiment with some beauty treatment or other, change hair styles or tamper with their appearance. Kirsty takes ages to get ready for the day, often running late as a result and today had been no exception.

It was a hot and humid July day. I was sweating as I "did" the small house, dressed in an old tee shirt and baggy shorts, clearing away the debris from the previous night's meal. I washed up and hovered, the laminate floor of the lounge cleaned to a shine and I was quite proud of myself. I had even cut the grass, although this was only a five minute job, as the lawn was only the size of a pocket handkerchief, but never the less I was due for some "brownie" points and hopefully some unhurried sex later that evening.

I had her homecoming planned, I would even be cooking her something to eat. I had popped to the supermarket and bought a few things for a feast and set up the old barbeque in the garden.

As it was such a warm day I opened the patio doors into the narrow end of the lounge and arranged the small sofa to take advantage of what little breeze blew in.

The day passed slowly and as evening approached I lit the small and rusty metal barbeque in the centre of the small and neatly clipped lawn. The food and wine was ready in the fridge, or at least in the packets, and I was ready to go.

The sun went over the back of the house around 7 pm and that is when I had expected Kirsty.

"Hello babe." I heard as she came in through the door. "Simone's here too, I hope you don't mind, she's at a loose end tonight."

"Hello Chris, here I've bought this." She said presenting me with a wine box.

Simone and I are not close. I think she harboured a little resentment at me taking her best mate away from her. I was disappointed as I was after some "quality time" with Kirsty, but it looked like I would have to spend the evening keeping out of their way, as was usual, when they were together.

Kirsty looked across at me and blew a kiss by the way of an apology. It appeared that Simone was again "between" boyfriends. During the four years that I had known her she couldn't hold down a relationship for more than a few weeks.

I spent much of the evening outside cooking the sausages and burgers on the barbeque whilst Kirsty and Simone heated the oven chips, got the salad out of bag, downed generous quantities of wine and chatted furiously. They loved to chat, about anything and everything, all day and all night, seemingly without pausing for breath.

By the time I had cooked my stuff both the girls had eaten and were in yet another deep and involved conversation. I adjourned to the lounge, ate and downed another cooling can of beer.

It was still hot and muggy. I was dirty and sweaty so I adjourned upstairs and showered. I returned downstairs, wearing my baggy pyjama shorts and top. I had expected Simone to have left but she and Kirsty were at the bottom of the stairs, wine glasses and bottle in hand.

"Simone and I are heading off early tomorrow so it's best if she stays over. She can borrow a nightie. Is that OK?" Kirsty asked rhetorically.

They barged past me, giggling and clanking as they went upstairs. I heard the shower run as each took it in turn to wash. I sat on the sofa, feet up on the coffee table directly in front of the telly, trying to catch any breeze that might blow in. I sat slouched, clutching another cool can, in the centre of the small three seat sofa. I turned the television on and settled to watch the late film.

The film wasn't up to much and I was half asleep with boredom as they both entered the room dressed in almost matching thin cotton pyjamas. Kirsty went into the kitchen and opened the last bottle of wine before joining me on the sofa, she sat to my left and rested her head on my shoulder. She was tired. It had been a long day. She leant forward and moved my arm from around her, I quickly cupped my palm under her butt as she shuffled to get comfortable, she didn't seem to mind and soon her dead weight against me indicated that she was going to fall asleep.

Simone was sat to my right, clutching her wine glass. It was a bit of a squeeze on the sofa and she sat with her long legs dangling over the arm rest at the end of the seat, her back pressed tight to my side, pressed right up to my right shoulder, trapping my am. She too was tired. The heat combined with the wine soon made Simone droop and drift off with Kirsty.

Great! I thought as I was sat stranded in front of a boring film, pinned by two sleeping women -- a real thorn between two roses. I was getting hot and my legs were going to sleep.

I looked thirstily at the half finished can of beer that rested on the small table in front of me. The film dragged on and I couldn't move.

I became aware that Simone was gradually slipping off my shoulder, twisting as her head as it traversed my chest, her right arm falling downward. Inch by inch she fell, in slower than slow motion, still looking and by the weight of her, feeling sound asleep. Finally her hand came to rest in my lap, it felt hot and sweaty against the bare skin of my upper thigh. I tried to shift but was stuck fast by the combined weigh of the women pressing into me.

I didn't want to wake Kirsty but things were starting to get a little uncomfortable. Simone was continuing to slip slowly downward, her head was now firmly on my chest, her hand slipping down my inner thigh. I nearly jumped out of my skin as the nail of one of her perfectly manicured fingers jabbed against my hairy scrotum. I felt her finger wiggle to explore the warm contents in the confines of my shorts as she continued her slide.

It's amazing what races through your mind when you are in a compromising position. And boy was I in a compromising position; it was one of those that I could do little about. I was trapped motionless, slouched between my girlfriend, asleep on my left shoulder and her best friend, asleep, or maybe not, on my right, my hands trapped. I realised that I was stuck and defenceless.

I felt two or three more fingers cupping my balls, slowly massaging them, manipulating them gently inside the baggy leg of my cotton pyjama shorts.

Finally her thumb came round and grasped the base of my now expanding cock, by now her head was on its side and almost level with my belly button.

Oh my God, I thought, what would I do now? My cock was readily responding, growing harder and stiffer, yielding to her touch. I was almost at full hardness but could do nothing about it. Simone, had her hand stuffed right up the baggy leg of my shorts and was massaging the base of my rock solid cock, causing the thin cotton material to form a tent for all to see. How would I explain this if Kirsty were to wake, what would I say?

So here I was, at the moment of truth, I could barely draw breath when suddenly Kirsty's head shifted on my shoulder. I quickly shrugged to wake her up. Her eyes flickered open, she looked stunned as she became accustomed to the light. I looked into her eyes as she focused and motioned towards her friend's head now almost in my lap.

Kirsty's eyes sprang wide open but she didn't move or utter a sound. She lowered her eyes as if to motion me to do something, but what? My right arm was still pinned behind Simone's back.

I pulled my arm up hard and it sprang out from behind Simone. I tried the same with my left but Kirsty stopped me by grabbing at my free arm. She brought her finger to her mouth to stop me talking and discourage me from further action. She tilted her head to one side, closed her eyes and indicated that Simone was still asleep -- no, surely not I thought, she must be awake.

Simone was still gently and slowly manipulating my balls and squeezing at the base of my rock hard cock, now in full view of my girlfriend. Kirsty placed her hand on the top of her friend's head, stroked her hair and pushed it gently down further towards my groin. Simone's hand came slowly up the length of my cock, stretching the waistband of my shorts and allowing the light and air to my distended member.

She started to move her hand down in a long, slow and deliberate stroking motion, gripping my thick cock tight. Her head continued to slip towards my exposed end.

Oh my God, is she going to... I thought. What on earth is Kirsty up to? She seems to be egging her on.

By now I could feel almost Simone's hot breath on the tip of my cock. Her hand was clenching around the shaft as my cock as it strained against the confines of my shorts. Kirsty shifted herself on my shoulder so that she could peek over her friend's head as it was being lowered towards my twitching and pulsating rod.

The tension was almost unbearable as Simone's lips made contact with the tip of my tool. My cock jerked uncontrollably with the intense stimulation of her warm and silky lips as a string of my pre-cum attached itself to her, hanging off her mouth.

Simone shuffled, she let off a few clicks in her mouth and a gentle sigh as she twisted her head back and turned her body to rest flat on the sofa. Her hand flopped away from my tool as she stretched and threw it back across her body.

I was still pinned, my aching cock straining at my shorts as Kirsty's left hand snaked a path towards it. She drove straight down the waistband and cupped my hot and throbbing tool in her warm and slender palm. I sighed as she slowly closed her fingers around my manhood and started to gently pull at the tender flesh.

Kirsty kissed my neck as she gently continued to stroke my cock.

"Go on. Do it to her" She whispered.

I reached down and lifted the bottom of the thin cotton pyjama top, exposing Simone's flat and toned stomach. I stopped short of exposing her breasts as my goal lay further below.

I slid my hand down her silky skin and under the waistband of her bottoms and continued to glide it down towards her pubic region I registered a lack of hair, she was fully shaven, unlike Kirsty who like to maintain a neatly trimmed patch of dark and silky hair down below. I continued to allow my hand to flow across the silky flesh until I felt the parting of her labia. Her thighs were clamped together and I could force my hand in no further.

I strained my hand one last time, and make her shudder and gently sigh as the tip of my finger made contact with her clitoral hood. 

My arm was now at its full extent, my hand resting on her mound, I could feel the small button of her clit hardening against my finger tip as she lay motionless on the sofa.

She shifted again, I quickly moved my hand from her pussy, her legs parted and knees were drawn wide apart as she adjusted her head and neck. She was pushing me further along and uncomfortably against Kirsty. Simone's hands came down to her groin, she slid them under the waistband of her bottoms and to the same spot where mine had rested moments ago.

Her hands started to ripple the thin cotton material as she manipulated her tender spot. Her breathing hastened, her chest heaved and nipples hardened. As her shoulders began to rise I tugged at her thin cotton top allowing the soft mounds of her breasts fall free and open to the cooling air.

The jutting into Kirsty finally made her move, dropping off the sofa and on to her knees, releasing her tender grip on my cock in the process.

I took the opportunity to move my feet from the table and sat with my legs wide apart nursing the raging hard on in my shorts. Kirsty looked down at the straining material and pouted -- she mouthed "poor boy" and slid between my legs.

Kirsty knelt before me and tugged at the waistband of my shorts to release my rampant cock. It sprang free an inch or so away from Simone's face, her eyes tight shut but her expression slightly twisted with the pleasure of her self manipulations.

Kirsty pulled the solid rod vertical and began again the process of stroking its length up and down.

The situation was to say the least rather odd. My girlfriend was starting to wank me off over her sleeping friend's face who was in turn masturbating herself whilst apparently asleep.

Simone's hands were moving slightly faster and with more urgency, her bottoms were being drawn down so that both Kirsty and I could catch a glimpse of her bare pussy. We could hear the gently but distinctive sound of flesh on flesh as her fingers wound and circled at her inner lips

Kirsty was pulling at my cock slowly and deliberately, seemingly keeping time with Simone's exertions, building a rhythm with long up and down strokes. Her eyes were wide open in excitement and anticipation but she was taking care not to make a sound. 

I stared in turn at Kirsty, her perfectly painted red nails punctuated her delicate hand wrapped around my thick and throbbing shaft and Simone, frigging herself more energetically with every second.

Simone's body shook in rhythm with her frigging making her breasts ripple and jiggle in time with the motion. I couldn't help but slide my hand to cup at the warm mound, the nipple puffy and reddened as her arousal grew.

Simone shifted again, Kirsty froze, her hand on the down stroke, my tender end open and exposed to the cool air. Simone arched her back, raised her right hand up from her pussy, and leaving a glistening trail across the smooth and tanned skin of her flat stomach, moved it to her breast.

Again I sprang my hand away, taking the opportunity to tug her top clear of her tits as her back was raised up.

Her hand now rested at her fully exposed, pink and erect nipple, it was echoed by its partner, resplendent on her ample mound as Kirsty and I looked on.

Her fingers tweaked and gently pulled at the soft pink nub, making it stand prouder as her left hand waved and circled her snatch. We could smell her sex as she continued to tug and pull at her tender flesh. Subtle squelching sounds were coming from her left hand as she slid her fingers deep into her gash, her hips rising involuntarily against the motion and her back arching upward. 

Simone's breathing was now becoming laboured, surely she must wake up, I thought, as her body writhed and bucked with the obvious pleasure racing through her.

Her eyebrows arched, her body juddered, tensed, she thrust he hips upward and collapsed with a deep sigh as she reached her peak.

Meanwhile Kirsty was cupping my balls with one hand and pumping rhythmically at my tool with the other. As the sound of Simone's breathing subsided all that I could hear was the tell tale sound of Kirsty's hand beating against my flesh, spanking my monkey. Faster and faster Kirsty went, her eyes widening as my cock thickened in her hand.

As my cock swelled and grew tighter against her grip Kirsty's mouth fell open in a gasp. She knew I was going to come, she sped on, licking her lips provocatively. 

Finally I could take no more, I came, in waves, spurting my load over Simone's face and heaving chest. Kirsty beamed with delight, her eyes wide open and mouth agape as my tool pumped out a thick jet of come in an arc over her friends face, a few inches away from her fist beating at my tool.

Kirsty directed my pulsing cock away from Simone's face and over her heaving chest. I sent two or three more spurts over the soft mounds leaving thick and sticky lines of the salty fluid traced across her skin.

Kirsty's grip tightened to squeeze the last few drops of come out, the sticky fluid running down her slender fingers.

We both froze again hoping that this wouldn't wake her up. I struggled to regulate my breathing as Kirsty's grip release my twitching tool.

Silently she looked at the thick fluid in her fingers, turning them round in front of her, watching the thick globules run down the back of her wrist. She brought her hand to her mouth and ran her tongue up its length, lapping up the salty fluid. She lent forward and traced a path with her tongue up the lines of semen as she sucked up the thick streams from her friend's breasts. She paused to circle her hot and wet tongue over an erect and puckered nipple, drawing a satisfied sigh from her slumbering friend.

There was a complication; the first and biggest jet of my come was now dangerously close to running into Simone's mouth. She shifted again, the last globule was now resting on her outer lip. Gently Kirsty leant over and gave her a soft and tender kiss, sucking the last drop of my semen up. Simone pursed her lips, and her tongue darted out to moisten them as she rolled her head first left and then right.

I decided that it was the time to shift, I gently took a hold of Simone's head and swung out from under her, moving to the far left of the sofa. Simone followed, stretching out along the sofa, only her feet rested on the arm as she shuffled, sighed and continued her slumber.

The devil must have got into Kirsty because she swung over and pulled Simone's bottoms down, fully exposing her soft and shaven snatch. I stared at Kirsty as she lent down to remove her own bottom coverings. She took my arm and pulled my hand towards Simone's open petals. Still kneeling, I could see Kirsty's body jump and jerk in time with time with her fingers at her own hot cunt.

My hand easy slid down the moist cleft of Simone's pussy. Realising that I could reach and now had full access to its inner secrets I ran the tip of my finger down and into the warm tunnel. Simone sighed and a pained expression came over her face but she didn't stir. Her bottom settled and her hips gently tilted to meet the intrusion.

I cupped my palm against the warmth of her mound and slipped another finger into her moist depths. Kirsty was staring at my hand wedged at her friend's gash, her breathing in time with the stabbing of her fingers at her own snatch.

I released my fingers and ran them up the length of Simone's silky gash, drawing a sigh and shudder from her as she continued her sleep. Up and down I ran my fingers, circling her protruding clit and down beyond the hot and wet opening to her wrinkled and puckering brown bud.

I moved her wetness down and around the smooth and warm nub until I felt confident that I could insert a well lubed finger into its tight confines. Simone's mouth fell open and a louder, longer sigh emanated as I pushed my index finger, up to the first knuckle, into her tight and gripping orifice.
