 Foreword: This is a continuation of my first story "Slightest Intentions;" although I had always intended on continuing the saga, as it were, I had some critique over the brevity of the first installment of this story. I tried to draw things out a bit more on this effort, but I hope I didn't degrade the story to tedium. Nevertheless, it is highly recommended you read the first installment of "Slightest Intentions" to apprise yourself of the backdrop to this second installment. Since many good stories occur in trilogies, I intend on doing a final installment: Your input and comments are appreciated, and may find their way into the conclusion if seems fit. ENJOY!

* * * * *

I was in a state of emotional disarray. I had not only just finished cheating with my boyfriend, but I had just been fucked by two guys simultaneously. I barely recognized myself. The following weeks were a mixture of guilt and fear. But what perplexed me more was the nagging knowledge of how much I enjoyed it. Whenever my boyfriend fucked me, I imagined another man's cock in my pussy, as I would suck on his fingers imagining it was yet another man's musky cock in my mouth. My boyfriend didn't seem to mind, as he noticed a carnal reawakening in our sex lives. I wondered, with anticipation, what effect this really had on me, on us...on everything.

One day, my boyfriend shocked me when he asked, "Who are Fred and Jay?"

"Uuh..whaaaat" I stammered, completely and utterly confused, as a shockwave rumbled through me, making me feel weak kneed: had I been caught?

"They're on the answering machine...well one of 'em anyway...boyfriends of yours?" he said jokingly, not realizing that these were the guys who treated me like a fuckslut, filling me on both ends with cock, and unleashing their hot cum inside me. 

"Uhh..they're just some guys at work. They probably need me to hold their hands—you can't find good help nowadays."

"Tell me about it" my boyfriend agreed and left the room to attend to some matter or another.

I raced to the answering machine and played the message: "Uh...hi, it's Fred...and Jay's here too, we just umm..needed to find something out...just call us back...555-1352. Thanks."

That was it. Totally innocuous yet full of connotation. I wouldn't dare call them back. It was done with. In the past. A one time deal. Besides, I couldn't open a dialogue with these guys. But I couldn't have them calling my home. I needed to make them aware of that...but it would have to wait. My boyfriend was going on another trip soon. That would be a good time sort this out, and put this whole matter to rest. Yet with this fresh reminder I noticed my pussy was tingling. I went to the other room and seduced my boyfriend, again imagining I was being fucked by several men, as I relished in the thought of cock and cum as I sunk into the ecstasy of it all.

A week and a half later, my boyfriend was taking off again, and almost as soon as he was out the door, I decided to take care of business. The matter had been haunting me since I heard the phone message all those days ago. I dialed the number, apprehensively...perhaps excited. A voice answered, I could tell it was Fred. He was both surprised and pleased that I called, and we struck up some idle chatter. There was no hint at what had transpired that evening weeks ago.

"So what was it you wanted?" I asked, hoping to segue eventually into terminating all contact with these fellows.

"Well, lucky you called, because we're having party tonight. We've rented a hot tub and we're inviting everyone we know. We thought you might want to come?"

"Well...I don't know" I said, now was the time to sever all ties. 'Just do it' I thought to myself, 'Just say that you don't want to have anything to do with them—' 

"...Um okay" to my own dismay; what was I thinking?

He gave me directions to their place. I was slightly confused at my own feelings. What was it I was hoping to achieve? I rationalized that maybe if I normalized my relationship with these people it would make that evening nothing more than an aberration...an anomaly of sorts. These were just regular folks after all, who had jobs, ate and slept like anyone. There were no victims and there were no laws broken. The thought of this made me feel slightly more resolved in the matter, and I began looking forward to an evening of chatting, drinking and hot tubbing. I found my blue string bikini and put it on under my clothes, and packed some undergarments to change into afterwards.

I was told the party was to start at 7:00, so I planned for a 9:00 arrival. When I parked the car, there were a conspicuously low number of vehicles in the driveway. Only 2 in fact. I thought this odd, but gave it no more thought as I approached the door. I knocked and Jay answered the door. 

"Hi" he said, "C'mon in."

I entered. Music was playing in the background, and some conversation could be heard from the other room. So the party was on. Jay escorted me to the living room, where there sat 3 guys: Fred and Mike I already knew, but the last one I'd never met before. He introduced himself as Sam. But I wondered where everyone else was at. I figured they must be in the hot tub, wherever that may be.

"So, where's the hot tub?" I asked, finally giving into my curiosity.

"Uh...well, we couldn't get it" said Jay, "We kind of looked into a bit late. Apparently you can't get those things at the last minute." Everyone nodded in half-assed agreement, and with apparent disappointment. Everyone was wearing their swimming trunks in anticipation for such a—now unrealized—eventuality.

"So...then, what's going on?" I queried.

"Well, we're just going to listen to some tunes, have a few drinks, and make a party of it anyway" said Fred, "You game?"

I was disappointed at this change of events, but the thought of going home after anticipating an evening of fun didn't appeal to me either. After thinking on it, I said "Sure. Why not?"

We played some cards, had some drinks, as the boys caroused at each others' expense. After several hours, I had my fill and decided that it was time to go home. 

"Wait a minute...wait a minute" said Fred "You can't go now. We haven't started the entertainment yet."

"I'll pass thank you."

"No...just give us...10, no 20 minutes."

"20 minutes?" I said.

"20 minutes" he confirmed.

I complied. What was 20 minutes? Fred led me downstairs to the rec room. There, he sat me down on the couch. Mike, Jay and Sam soon followed. Fred and Mike sat on either side of me on the couch. Sam sat on a recliner nearby, and Jay went to the TV. He popped in a tape and pressed a few buttons. There was a strange hush in the room, as if some terrible news had just been broadcast. A picture flashed onto the screen. At first it wouldn't register, until I realized that it was an image of us sitting on the couch just as we were, myself between Fred and Mike. I peered at the screen perplexed for a moment, suddenly realizing it was a live feed from the camera that stood on a tripod just next to the television. 

"Well, that's not so interesting" I said, laconically.

"Aww c'mon" said Fred, smiling sheepishly "don't be so coy." 

I looked at him as if he were deranged, "What on earth are you talking about?"

There was no response, just an embarrassed look on all of their faces, as if they had all been caught with their hands in the cookie jar. But then I noticed something; from all of their swimming trunks one could clearly see the bulging outlines of their stiffening cocks. It dawned on me like a wave of hot air to what exactly they were referring. I grew suddenly flush and slightly faint, surrealism washing over me. The gall and temerity in conjunction with the sheer lasciviousness of their proposal was nothing less than a shock to the system. Yet how could I be so naïve? The events that had transpired only weeks ago had been haunting me relentlessly. Even at that moment I felt those unrequited desires returning to the fore. The initial shock of seeing these boys' hard cocks protruding from the front of their shorts had dissolved and vivid thoughts of numerous cocks fucking me simultaneously had taken their place. Specifically, these cocks in front of me, beside me.

The silence that had taken hold of all of us hung like in the air like a bad rumour. Everyone uncertain of what was to take place next. I glanced over at the television, at myself, sitting there with my tight jeans, and tank top showing my midriff. My breasts swelling in my bikini top underneath. My pussy getting warmer, wetter, ever more present. The ball was in my court—what was I to do? The boys shifted in their seats, adjusting to accommodate their stiffening cocks. I decided to make my move. 

Standing up I feigned ignorance to what had just transpired, and bemoaned: "It's hot in here don't you find?" I stripped off my tank top revealing my bikini covered tits. My nipples protruded through its blue fabric. The boys looked up at me from their seats, then at each other, then with obvious contained glee, back at me. I proceeded to turn around, undo my jeans, and arched my back, sticking my ass in their direction, and wiggled daintily out of my jeans. My bikini bottom was riding partly up my ass, and Sam, who was closest, reached out and touched my ass, reveling in its smoothness. In the meantime, the rest of the boys had pulled out their cocks over the elastic of their shorts and were stroking them enthusiastically. The scene was intoxicating as these 4 guys were getting off on me and me alone. At that moment I just wanted cock. I wanted a cock in my mouth; I wanted a cock in my ass; I wanted a cock in my cunt; I wanted a cock cumming in me, on me, drenching me and filling me. 

I moved to Fred and got on my knees, moved between his legs and hungrily took his cock into my wanting mouth. The familiar musky, salty taste was like an old friend. He moaned in approval while Jay urged me on:

"That's it, fucking slut, take it."

"Mmmm..." I moaned with Freds cock jutting into my left cheek and filling it so all could see.

"Holy fuck, man" I could hear Sam say, "she is a slut!"

The other three boys pulled down their pants and stood around me. Fred continued to express his pleasure as I spoiled his cock with attention.

"Now suck our cocks like you want to, you little cocktease" commanded Jay.

Obediently, I turned away from Fred's cock, which now glistened with my saliva and his precum. Greedily I began kissing, and sucking Mike's, Jay's and Sam's cocks. In succession they greeted each bout of attention with a moan or 'Yeah.' Their collective manhoods dangled in front of my face in want, as I did my best to satisfy each. I could sense I that I was succeeding, for when I stopped sucking on one guys' cock in lieu of another, he would push his cock against the side of my face smearing his precum on it. Occassionally, I would urge them on by saying "Gimme it" or just "Cock." Often, strings of precum were dangling from my lips to the cock that I had just sucked, eventually detaching and settling on my lips, chin, occasionally dripping onto my cleavage. Soon, my face was gleaming with precum.

As this progressed, Fred circled us with the camera, while the boys urged me on: "Suck my cock, slut;" "That's it, whore;" "You've been a bad girl—suck Daddy's cock;" "You can't get enough cock;" and "You want to be fucked, don't you fuckslut?" 

To this last comment, I always moaned in affirmation. I did want to be fucked, and I wanted to be fucked by numerous cocks. So much so, that it was beginning to become an obsession. I needed to be satisfied. I ceased what I was doing and turned around. Supporting my upper body on the couch, I stuck my bikini covered ass and pussy into the air. My bikini was now riding up my ass-crack deeper than before. I arched my back to accentuate myself, pulling my knees together, as if hoping my scent alone would drive these boys into a fucking frenzy.

"Oh my god" said Sam, and I could hear him approaching from behind, "she is fucking horny. Her bikini is soaked" taking a closer look at an obvious wet spot that had developed on my bikini gusset, made only more obvious as I stuck my cunt out inviting as much cock as they could provide. I sensed Sam was about to do just that when suddenly Jay said:

"Hold on. If this bitch was us to fuck her, she's going to have to beg for it." 

"Yeah" said Fred excitedly. He had just done a panoramic close-up of me in my 'Come-fuck-me' pose, and was reattaching the camera to the tripod. 

I had started rotating my hips in anticipation, and as a final enticement, pulled my bikini bottom down so that it fell between my knees. My pussy and ass were now exposed for the purview of my would be ravagers. "Look at that nice glistening pussy" said Mike, "nice and shaved. I'm gonna' bury my cock in there and fuck you like you need to be fucked, slut!"

I whimpered in anticipation, hoping that he would. But he stood pat. 

"You're already a hotter fucking slut than your slut friend Jenny" he continued, "I put my cock in her ass and made her suck it clean. Then I doggy fucked her and came in her tight pussy. I wasn't going to but she begged me to, she said, 'Put your seed inside me; I want your cum inside me!' Now that was a hot fuck. I pumped her pussy until I was drained. Then I made her lick and suck on it afterwards while my cum dripped out her pussy, while she murmured over and over 'I'm your slut:' Now tell something, do you think you can do better than that?"

I nodded and made a noise: "Mmmhmmm...." I wanted to try so badly. 

Mike continued, "Then what are you waiting for? I need an invitation."

"Mike" I said, in an almost whiny teenager voice, "will you please fill me with your cock. I want your seed in me too. I can fuck you better than that Jenny. I'll fuck all of you. I need your gorgeous cocks inside me. I've wanted to fuck you all for weeks now. I could only imagine Fred's big cock was filling me whenever my boyfriend fucked me. Please fuck me again...I need it...I need all your cocks." 

That was all the urging they needed, as Mike mounted me roughly from behind, and with little hesitation, plunged his cock into my dripping pussy. With one hand on my waist and he grabbed my hair, pulling lightly on it. 

"Fucking cocktease" he said, as he roughly exited and entered me again and again. My whole body shook to force of it, and it was exactly what I had wanted. Between gasps I urged him on:

"Yeah...Mike...you're cock...is so fucking big...I'm your slut."

The other boys were rubbing me all over, taking off my bikini top and rubbing my tits, which dangled and swayed in the rhythm of the fucking I was taking from Mike. Sam had taken to rubbing the crack of my ass and probing the rim of my asshole, and I knew he was going to be assfucking me soon, and the thought of it made me feel hornier and sluttier. Fred had positioned himself in the remaining space on the couch and strategically mounted his cock near my face. I needed no hints, as I needed a cock in my mouth. I sucked and swallowed it, but sometimes Mike's fucking felt so good, I lost concentration in that task, at which time Fred would remind me be directing his cock against my lips. 

Impatiently, Jay and Sam soon began stroking their cocks, kneeling on either side of me. Mike had slowed down his pace, and was fucking me slower now, occasionally taking out his juice-coated cock and rubbing it along the crack of my ass. Finally, he relented to allow one of his friends in on the action. Sam was quick to the draw and was soon directing his cock toward my ass. 

"You have such sweet ass, girl..." he said, almost in a hushed voice, "I'm gonna' fill it with my cock." 

Sam stuck his cock in my pussy for lubrication and then forced his cock-head ever so slightly into my ass. He did this several times and each time found his way more and more into my asshole. Occasionally he would slap my ass, and say "Fucking slut...take it." Finally, he was in, as my ass was filled with his man meat. I moaned in mingled pain and pleasure, Fred's cock rubbing my face again, reminding me of my duties. 

Sam began fucking my ass slowly and deliberately, moaning loudly sometime saying "Fuck..." often putting his hands on my hourglass waist and rubbing back until the settled on my buttocks.

"You're so fucking hot" he said, and then without warning pulled his cock out of my tight little ass and began cumming over my asscheeks and asscrack, but not before one jet of cum shot into my asshole. Sam convulsed and with his free hand inadvertently smeared some of his cum over my left asscheek. The remainder dripped down my ass and lightly frosted my moistened pussy. Jay who was still stroking his member, could no longer control himself as the spectacle in front of him unfolded. He began cumming, as I looked back and saw his cum jet from his cockhead, where it landed onto the arch of my back, just inches from where Sam's hot cum had just unloaded. An obvious look of disappointment arose on Jay's face, but I was only turned on by this eventuality, as I now sat on all fours, Fred's cock probing my face, and the cum of two men I barely knew smeared and dashed over the small of my back and my round ass, Sam's single shot of cum now hotly leaking from my asshole; a testament of the fucking I was getting, and which was not yet over. Mike stepping to and fro with a camera in his hand, catching every lascivious moment, every inch of cock entering my body and my eagerness pushing inexorably toward each cock that did so, so I could get it deeper, harder, hotter, engulfing every inch trying to make it into mile. I was exactly whom they portrayed me as: a slut, a fuckslut, a whore, who couldn't get enough cock inside of her, enough cum on top of her, enough cum on her face, or dripping viscously from her assfucked body onto her previously cock-filled cunt. All of this was not lost on me, and taking Fred's cock into my mouth once more, I began to cum, shrieking at the pleasure of it, muted only by Fred's cock, which was once again nestled in one of cheeks. 

I collapsed on the ground from exhaustion. Mike continued his cinematic endeavours, and for the first time I could see the television. Mike zoomed in on my cum covered ass, and zoomed out to show lying there, shiny from sweat. Mike gave commentary on the unfolding events:

"The making of a slut; she came here for a hot tub party, but really wanted to be fucked. Well, she got it, folks." 

I barely heard what Mike said. I concentrated on the image on the television. My cum covered pussy and ass, my naked body, my glistening sweat. It aroused me, or rather, I never stopped being aroused. I got up and sat on the couch. I was not yet done. I had yet to prove to Mike that I was his slut, not Jenny. I threw myself onto Mike's cock and began making love to it. Mike let out a short laugh at my enthusiasm, but was soon overcome by the pleasure of it. I looked up at him with my innocent eyes, as I sucked his yummy cock. He filmed my point-of-view blow job.

"You need my cock, don't you babe." 

My continued cocksucking was tacit agreement of this. Fred had pressed himself behind me and I could feel his hard cock pressing against my back, the sticky cum of Sam and Jay making it slippery between us. Mike handed Jay the camera and lie down on his back so I could stick my pussy in the air for Fred's access. Fred obliged and slowly entered my body with his thick cock, as I sucked Mikes hot meat like a good little girl. From this position I could clearly see myself on the television, and what I saw turned me on:

The muscles from Fred's body shifted and moved has he fucked my pussy. His hands were on my waist for leverage so he could bury his cock as deep as he could. The look on his face as he fucked me was one of concentration and ecstasy. Mike's was using his elbows as leverage to lift his waist to fuck my face. But what turned me on most was myself, watching these two fuckstuds fill me with the cock I so much desired. My tits swaying and rubbing Mikes legs, me pushing against Fred's thrusts with my cum covered ass against his stomach, my back arched and legs bent impossibly to expose my pussy as much as I could. My muscles too were shifting to accommodate Fred's fucking motions, and to maximize Mikes experience as I sucked and kissed his cock.
