 Some things happen without the slightest intention. And little did I realize what this could mean until recently. My boyfriend and I live together in semi-large city, although not a sprawling metropolis. Our relationship has always been great, including the sex. But some things happen without the slightest intention.

Because my boyfriend's job always has him out of town on business, I have often sought to maintain my friendships in such a way to keep me from getting overly lonely. To put my mind off the situation, I usually go dancing with one of my girlfriends once or twice a month at some club or other. Admittedly, it's also a boost for the ego to have men hitting on me constantly while I'm there. Perfectly harmless, I always maintain. 

This night was such an evening, and Jenny and I had dressed to the nines. I was wearing a black sheer top, a silver mini skirt and a pair of black leather high heel 'come-hump-me' boots. Underneath, I wore a pair of satin, lavender, bikini panties. My boyfriend always loves seeing my panty-line in anything I wore, so I had a very low assortment of thongs. I decided to forego the pantyhose for fear of getting a run during the anticipated dancing of the evening. My outfit would not have fit with my boyfriend's approval, which meant it was perfect. 

As the evening progressed, Jenny and I danced almost constantly. Men were buying us drinks, it seemed, one after the after the other, and I relished rejecting their advances. Jenny was less standoffish and, as always, starting entertaining some of the boys between dancing. It turned out that 3 of them, Jay, Fred and Mike, were were acquaintances of Jenny's. When we were introduced, Jenny took me aside and gave me the scoop: "I've been trying to hook up with Mike so please be nice!" I nodded in understanding, and we would chat with the guys. Idle talk mostly, but I could see Jenny peddling her wares with Mike. At last call, Jenny sidled up to next to me…she had a guilty look in her eye, and I knew what she was going to ask. 

"Can we go to Mike's?"

"You can" I said, "I'm going home."

"But I'm driving" she said, in disappointment, "It'll be too late after I drop you off."

I sighed as a sign of my disappointment and relenting, and we were off to Mikes place. Mikes apartment was typical male decorum of cinema posters, stressed furniture, with most of the effort put to the entertainment system. We drank and talked for a while, when Jenny and Mike excused themselves, finally putting an end the suffering we were all enduring with all the googly eyes between them. 

Thus the focus of attention was directed at me. I sat on the couch, and Jenny's departure left a vacancy which Fred happily filled. We talked jokingly about Jenny and Mike, alluding to what was obviously going to be a hot and heavy session of sex. "What do you think of sex?" asked Fred, somewhat devilishly. 

"Well," I stammered, somewhat surprised, "sex is sex, what's not to like." From here, both Jay and Fred started asking questions about sex, which seemed to get more personal with each question. In turn they would volunteer their own experience. What started with, "How do you like to be kissed?" eventually moved onto "What's your favourite position?" And when I answered (missionary), they would give theirs: "I like it doggy-style" and "Yeah me too" from the other. In the meantime, one could hear soft moans from Mike's bedroom. Between the alcohol, Jenny's moans, and the ever so subtle increase in sexually explicit conversation, I could feel my pussy getting warmer as my juices began to flow onto my panties. I knew that I should curtail the topic, but I thought it as harmless fun. 

"And what about sucking cock? Do you like sucking cock?"

"Yeah…" I said without much hesitation. I noticed that Fred had inched so much closer and his body was pressing against mine. My pussy was on fire as I imagined a thick cock in my mouth. Just then Fred unzipped his pants and pulled out his engorged cock. He began stroking it slowly. "Do you like watching me stroke my cock?" Almost absently I put my hand on his cock, and continued what he started. He moaned in approval, "Good girl" he said. Jay was rubbing his cock through his pants not sure of his next move. Fred's hand found it's way between my thighs on to the wet gusset of my silky panties. "Holy fuck…you're wet!" he exclaimed as I pushed slightly against his probing fingers, biting my lower lip. "So are you" I noted has his precum began lubricating his cock, shining in the soft light that lit the room. By now, my skirt had hike up my waist, exposing the lower part of my panties for anyone to see. Jay stared hungrily at my panty clad pussy, which was being busily rubbed by Freds fingers. Seeing Jay sit there, knowing what he wanted, and that I was making him feel that way was having an almost narcotic effect on me. Instead of being shy, I did my best to tease the naughty voyeur, moving my hips seductively in rhythm with Fred's hand, stroking Fred's cock, I began to half moan, half say "Oh your hot cock feels so nice—" looking directly at Jay. 

Jay began unzipping his pants and pulled out his cock, and began stroking it, never taking his eyes off the spectacle unfolding before him. Fred then stopped his motions, and stood up, urging me to come with him. Jay's look was one of utter disappointment, and I stopped and asked, "All of us?" Jay appeared almost semi-shocked but needed no prodding. He stood up waiting to follow. We all went to the guest bedroom where Fred proceeded to strip off his clothes. Mutely, I began to follow suit, but then Fred said, "No…just the top." I complied, as I felt Jay fondling with my ass and pussy from behind, hiking up my skirt in the process. My panties were visibly soaked, as I noted as I saw myself in a large standup mirror on the wall. When I saw myself, I couldn't believe what I was doing. But, at the same time, as I saw myself, topless, skirt hiked to my waist, my soaked panties being rubbed from behind, Jay's fingers occasionally caressing my gusset, a pair of long leather boots, I somehow felt hot, powerful, in control. 

I turned around and kneeled down in front of Jay and began sucking on his neglected tool. "Oooh that's it baby…suck my cock." 

"Yeah…" I said slightly, between licks, sucks and kisses, "…cock." I kissed and licked head of Jay's cock, rubbing his precum on my lips. Jay placed his hands on my head moving it to and fro to his liking. Sometimes his cock would pop out of my mouth and glide along the side of my face, and he'd moan in pleasure, leaving a shiny path of precum and saliva along the side of my face, as the smell of sex wafted pleasureably into the air. "Fuck…" he moaned, "I gotta' put my cock inside you." Wordlessly, I got up and approached the bed, where Fred was madly stroking his member. I crawled on the bed and swallowed his cock sticking my ass and pussy in the air waiting for cock. Wanting cock. Hoping for cock. But it didn't come. At least not right away, as Jay left the room for some reason. Fred said "Get that ass up here…" and I rotated with my mouth around his cock, so that I he could rub my ass and pussy. But it wasn't enough and I shifted to take off my panties, and then straddled Fred's cock. His cock slid easily past my pussy lips deep inside me. I slowly began to grind on Fred's cock, relishing the attention my pussy was getting. I leaned forward and began licking Fred's neck like a kitten at a saucer of milk. Fred was groaning in pleasure, and began telling me tell him how big his cock was. "Fuck..your fucking cock is so big…I want it in my pussy forever." Jay was just reentering the room when Fred began cumming inside me. Jay had a bottle of something in his hand and was naked from the waist down. I rolled over as Fred's cum coated his cock and dripped from slit. Undeterred, Jay walked over and began fucking my mouth. I felt like a slut and wanted to be fucked like one. Jay took the bottle in his hand and squirted its contents onto my chest and stomach, some of it getting onto my skirt. "Take off your boots and skirt, you fucking slut." I didn't hesitate, and paused to take off my apparel. He commanded me to get onto my hands and knees and I obliged. He squirt another gob of oil onto my ass and back, as some of it dripped down my asshole and onto my pussy. I was excited at whatever was going to come next. Jay pushed up against me from behind, and his cock nested itself between my asscheeks. "Now tell me" Jay said, "who do you want to fuck you?" 

"You…" I replied, "Please fuck me, fuck me with your big cock." 

Jay began stroking his cock between my oiled up asscheeks, "When your boyfriend's fucking you…who do you wish was fucking you like a slut?" He continued his motions, "Who?" 

"You….I think of you and your cock inside me." 

"Good girl." He said, and he slowly started fucking my used pussy, "Now keep going…" he place his hands on either of my buttocks and began pumping my pussy with more force.

"I want fuck and suck your cock, Jay…I want your cum on my tits and then in my pussy…I want to be your fuck slut" he fucked me harder in approval.

"You can assfuck me and I'll suck your cock clean…just fuck me." 

This display had an obvious effect on Fred who was now fully erect again, and positioned his cock in front of my face. Without any urging I sucked on it hungrily. 

"Oh fuck…" said Jay, "you really are fucking little slut" he said upon witnessing this, his cock sliding in and out of my pussy, his hips bucking against my ass. Fred's cock had sealed the deal, and I was on the verge of cumming. When Jay began shooting his hot cum into my belly I lost it, moaning on the thick cock in my mouth, as a came all over Jay's cock. I collapsed on the bed, physically and emotionally exhausted. I laid on the bed on my side, cum oozing from my pussy and coating my mouth. Jay, laid down on the bed for a minute and began dressing. Wordlessly, he left the room. Fred, with his second wind and unsatisfied, spooned up behind me and without hesitation pushed his slick cock inside my swollen pussy, using me like a fuck-doll. After a minute or two, I regained my energies and took his cock and guided to my asshole. After some patience by both of us, his cock was buried deep inside my ass. I wondered what I looked like laying there getting my ass fucked, and it turned me on. Until this stud fucked my ass and shot another load of his cum inside me, I was going to be the fuckslut they made me out to be. And maybe next time I would too.