 My silky panties were being rubbed by his probing fingers. He rubbed my ass, wedging them between my buttcheeks, while kissing me desirously. His erect cock pushed through the fabric of his trousers and into the bone of my hip. I pushed back against his fingers and began rubbing his cock through his pants, feeling the long hard extents as it seemed to burn through his pants. I worked my hand to his belt and undid it, as I proceeded to unzip his pants. I worked my hand into his boxers and pulled out his veiny cock. His musky scent seemed to instantly waft into the air around us. I got down on my knees and engulfed his member with my mouth as he loud out a loud, satisfying groan. It was almost too easy...

I had reached a point where enough was enough. Two months ago I had crossed a line that I thought I never would by cheating on my boyfriend. It was not only an act of infidelity; it was also an act of pure lust, as I let two men fuck me at the same time, filling me with cum, as I urged them on; their names were Jay and Fred. In an effort to set things right I went to one of the guys' houses and found myself being gangbanged by four guys—Jay, Fred, Mike and Sam--as I begged for them to fuck me, cum on me, cum inside me, use me as they saw fit, while they taped the entire escapade for their own amusement. And in this latter encounter have I been pushed to the limit. 

Almost predictably, I received a copy of the tape in the mail one week after the incident, with a letter containing a simple message: "We'll be in touch." Soon thereafter I was to have a meeting with one of the guys, Mike, at a downtown restaurant. He outlined the situation and clearly laid out the intentions of the group.

"It's quite simple" he said, "we have urges, and you fulfill them." He looked at me as he sipped his coffee, gauging my reaction.

"And if I choose not to?"

"You didn't seem so apprehensive a week ago."

My face burned in understanding—he was right; I had literally begged him to cum inside my pussy telling him I wanted to have his baby, for Christ's sake. But that was in the throes of excited, unbridled, passion and even depravity. We were all party to it, but apparently my role came with strings attached. 

He continued, "But, if you don't..umm...cooperate, the uhh...'evidence,' will find its way into your boyfriends hands, onto the internet, to your workplace—wherever we can think of." 

His colloquial use of 'the evidence' would have been laughable if it wasn't so pernicious. I stared at him blankly. It was not an unexpected proposal, as I had figured their intentions as soon as I received the tape in the mail. But part of me had hoped it was only a joke in poor taste. What was worse is that I knew that my careless and promiscuous behaviour had levied this upon myself; what did I think they would do with that tape? Burn it?

"What if I give you money?" I proposed, now visibly perturbed, I'm sure. I was incredulous at his response:

"But that would be extortion?"

"What do you think THIS is!!?" I exhorted, in a sharp whisper.

"Certainly not!" he barked, as if I were the one insulting him.

I fell silent sensing that reason was futile—brains and braun are, in some people, mutually exclusive. 

"So how is this all to be done?" I asked, looking askance. 

"Well, we can discuss that in transit" he replied and stood up waiting for me to follow. 

While driving in the car he outlined the situation:

"Essentially, you'll be on a sort of 'call'. There are four of us, so I'm sure conflict will arise from time to time. Being overly conspicuous to your boyfriend would do us no good either so all of this may come into play..." 

He talked at length at how I was to essentially be at the beck and call of these four guys' libidos. It was all very well articulated and very well thought out. Very premeditated. Yet I was resigned to it for the time being. My behaviour in the past weeks was nothing if not near unbelievable and the semblance of guilt that I felt made me feel as though I deserved such an eventuality. As if to ratify the 'agreement,' Mike pulled the car over into a parking lot and undid his pants, freeing an engorged cock. I looked at him briefly, pulled my hair back, and swallowed it, tasting its saltiness. He moaned approvingly as I licked and sucked its tip, as his hand reached out to rub my jean covered ass. It wasn't long before his member began to throb in my mouth, and his left hand pushed the back of my head so that he fucked my mouth according to his desired pace. Shortly thereafter he let out a loud moan and jets of hot cum filled my mouth, as I swallowed his seed. After we were finished he started the car and brought me back to the restaurant where we met. We exchanged no words until I stepped out of the car when Mike said, cryptically, "We'll be in touch."

For the weeks that followed they were indeed "in touch." Jay and Fred were the first to take advantage of the 'arrangement.' I stipulated that we meet a motel of my choice and would only check in together: I devised this as a deterrent to more incriminating tapes being produced. 

When we entered our room all pleasantries were put aside. When they called they instructed me to wear a tight top and short skirt with a thong underneath, and I complied. Fred's hand immediately reached beneath my skirt as if to test this. I looked back at him and his smiled and nodded in approval. Jay shut the door and almost immediately began undressing. Fred followed suit, and in moments both were stripped down to their boxer-briefs. Their excitement was not well concealed as the outline of Freds erect cock pushed the front of his shorts upward, while Jays semi-erect—and growing—member poked the front of his shorts like the nose of a plane.

The moment was absurd. There I was being coerced into having sex with these men. A prospect that was morally reprehensible, yet there I was ironically trying to save the only relationship that meant something to me in my life by betraying the very threads that were supposed to hold it together. I was disgusted with myself as I was at the four guys who were blackmailing me. We were a fitting group: four jerks and a slut. And the only thing I could think of to cope with this realization—at least for the time being—was to accept it. The mild fear and disgust was mingled with jolts of excitement. I had two men standing in front of me with hard cocks who were going to have their way with me.

Jay walked up to me, put his arm around my waist and pulled me toward him. I felt his hardness jutting against my midriff as he tried to kiss my mouth. I turned my head away. Jay looked at me with peculiarity,

"We'll cure you of that" he said, wryly, and reached around to pull down the zipper on my skirt, which he easily managed. 

Fred walked to the bed and pulled his shorts down around his thighs and began to slowly stroke himself. Jay pulled my skirt to the floor and put a finger over the front of my panties; a nylon, blue thong with a low-cut. 

"Crawl on the bed and suck him off" Jay whispered into my ear. I turned around, stepped out of my skirt and crawled toward Fred. Fred stopped stroking himself upon seeing me approach and I could see his cock-head already glistening with his juices. As I approached I grabbed the base of his shaft and gingerly licked the tip its head. Fred sighed in relief and thrust his hips toward my mouth, inserting his cock past my moistened lips. I was still apprehensive but determined to try to finish this as soon as possible, and started stroking his cock while simultaneously sucking it. The bed shift slightly as I could feel Jay moving onto the bed from behind me. Fred's cock popped out of my mouth as a bent my neck to see what Jay was doing, but I was blind to his intentions while Fred's wet cock pressed against my left cheek. I resumed sucking on Fred's meat as one of Jay's hands rest on the small of my back. Suddenly, I felt his tongue along the crack of my ass, over the fabric of my g-string. I gasped in surprise, once again looking back, Fred's cock smearing a mixture of precum and saliva on my cheek once more. I kept looking back as Jay continued to lick the gusset of my panties, then back between my buttcheeks, poking his tongue under my g-string to quickly rim my asshole. 

Jay's ministrations were having an unanticipated effect. I soon found myself pushing against his tongue. My inhibitions were dissipating and being replaced by a desire to continue with what Jay was doing. My panties were not only soaked with Jay's saliva but soon my pussy was contributing juices of their own. Jay was obviously aware of this as soon he focused on my gusset, surely tasting my pussy through the soaked fabric. My legs, which were once close together, were now spread to provide easier access, and I found myself undulating from time to time, and moaning. The smell of Fred's cock permeated the air near my face, and what seemed like a chore minutes ago, now seemed like a tasty morsel. I swallowed Fred once again and began sucking with enthusiasm, moaning with a mouth full of cock. 

Jay continued to lick and suck around my panties for several minutes when a sudden pause in the action and some shifting on the bed began to occur, and Jay was soon kneeling behind me and pulling my thong to one side of my ass. Jay began rubbing his cock between my moistened asscheeks, slickening his member. Wordlessly, he inserted his cock into my wet pussy, giving out a small grunt as he did so. He began fucking my pussy slowly at first, coating his cock with my treacle, back and forth, pulling out so only his tip was inside me then burying his rod deep inside me. I wanted him to fuck me harder and swiveled my ass and hips around his cock, and in response Jay rammed his manhood deep inside me making me gasp, making Fred's cock to once again pop out of my mouth, this time smearing my lips and chin with juices and saliva. Jay fucked me harder, and I was absorbed in his actions until he paused, his cock throbbing inside me, signaling that he was close to the brink, but obviously wanting to prolong the sex now unfolding. Realizing Fred's cock was neglected as I focused on being fucked from behind, I began stroking Fred's cock. Jay pulled out to regain his composure, and I moved up over Fred until my pussy and panties—which were now rolled to one side of my cunt—were hovering over his cock. With my right hand holding his shaft I guided his tool inside the walls of pussy. Fred pushed my top over my breasts and fondled them as I began to rhythmically bounce on his cock, bearing down on him occasionally to get penetrated as deeply as possible. Having regained his composure, Jay put his hands on my ass and would push down as if to help me maximize the amount of cock I could get inside me, obviously enjoying watching me fuck his friend.

"Fuck yeah...take it deep" he said as if in awe, taking time to fondle my ass, spreading around various fluids that had mingled during the proceedings. 

In my sexual ecstasy I began to lick the air while moaning and whimpering, my pussy tingling, hot, wet, swollen and full of cock. Jay moved toward me and offered up his tongue, which I took into my mouth as if it were his cock, tasting my juices on his lips as it mixed with precum that had slathered mine. This frenzied scene continued for about half a minute, when Jay pulled back, smiled and said:

"I told you we'd cure you of that" referring to my apprehension to kissing him earlier. 

He stood up on the bed, as my eyes followed his. I wondered fleetingly how I must look. I had heard that during sex, a woman's lips become slightly engorged, giving a pouty appearance, while the pupils dilate. There I was with my pouty lips, looking up desirously at Jay, bouncing on another man's cock, a glow of perspiration on my face and pussy and man-juice coating and glistening on my lips. No verbal communication was necessary as I waited for Jay to offer his cock to me, and when he moved close enough he pointed it to my mouth and I was soon being fucking on both ends. It was seemingly endless; no words were spoken and all that could be heard were moans, whimpers (me), grunts, and the unmistakable sounds of fucking and sucking. 

But it did end, and Jay pulled back from my lips, apparently with different plans. Fred maintained his position, a look of sheer ecstasy on his face; I could tell he didn't have much stamina left. Jay positioned himself behind me and began rubbing his cock against my asshole. I liked how that felt so I slowed down my rhythm to a slow shifting to make it easier for him. The excitement in the air was unmistakable. Jays cock rubbing against my ass hinted at something that I'm sure none of us had ever tried. I could tell Jay was gauging my reaction, unsure himself what he was going to do next. He continued rubbing and softly poking my rear with his cockhead, which had been fucked and sucked enough that precum was trickling almost freely from it, and being transferred to my ass almost copiously. Finally, upon one of the soft pokes, his cocktip stuck lightly, but snugly, on the threshold of my anus. Almost automatically I wriggled against his cock. Jay wriggled in response and slowly entered my ass. My mouth dropped open as I gasped. The head of Jay's cock was now inside me. Fred began fucking motions with his hips in the absence of me bouncing on his cock. I was in a moment of surreal concentration, at once completely absorbed in having a cock in my pussy and ass, while being in almost complete disbelief that it was actually happening to me. I'd seen pictures of girls being double penetrated, one man underneath her and another hunkered over her from behind, two cocks impossibly impaling her, and now it was happening to me. 

Jay had worked his entire cock inside me and began slowly fuck my ass. Fred's face was more contorted than before, and I started crying out. It was a mixture of incredible pleasure and something else; not necessarily pain, but of being overwhelmed, greater than the sum of its parts. Being assfucked was not a new experience, and it always me feel 'filled,' but having a cock fucking me in my ass while another pumped my pussy was a new sexual paradigm, as all three of us worked in sympathetic rhythm. I was cumming almost as soon as we started, and my cries were a result of that, and soon Fred's hot cum was jetting inside of me, as he could no longer resist. Likewise, Jay grunted and pulled his cock out and began shooting his load onto my back as I lay exhausted on top of Fred, whose cock was still inside me. I rolled off of Fred onto the bed, closed my eyes, and lay down.

I laid there for some time, while Jay and Fred gathered their things and departed. I don't know how long I lay on the bed before dozing off in a cum-soaked thong, ending my first encounter since the boys decided to blackmail me for their pleasure. 

In the weeks that followed I soon found myself living at the behest of Fred, Jay, Mike and Sam. The only deterrent, it seemed, was my insistence that these encounters occur in a motel or hotel of my choice, for which the guys had to pay. Fred and Jay seemed to enjoy double-teaming me, although it never escalated to the same level as the first encounter. I suspect it was a bit too close to a bisexual experience for them, as I'm sure they could feel each others' members as they fucked my ass and pussy simultaneously. They seemed to have a particular fondness for workout apparel, often asking that I wear a spandex-like workout pants, or odd things like bicycle shorts. Although I was never alone with Fred, I soon found that Jay had a panty fetish, requesting that I wear various types of panties, mostly satin, fullback panties but occasionally, and specifically, the thong I wore in DP encounter. He would sometimes simply rub my panty-clad pussy asking me to spread my legs, and fuck my mouth at the same time, rubbing me until I was wet, and when he was ready to cum he would cum on my panties, rubbing his cum into them as he did so, although at times he would just pull my panties to one side and fuck me in them. Another favourite of his was to ask me to stick my pantied-ass in the air and he would like and suck around my ass and pussy, which would turn to rimming me and fingerfucking me until I was soaked, whereupon he would fuck me and cum on my panties, ass, and pussy. 

Mike was more solo and liked to fuck me on a table or desk or on the edge of the bed. His thing was dirty talk, but moreso by request; he often asked that I beg for his cum on a particular body part or inside of me: "Cum on lips;" "Cum on my breasts;" "Cum in my pussy;" or his favourite, "Cum in my womb." He had a particular fetish for my apparent fertility, which I suspect was my own fault, having begged him to impregnate me in the past. I would use this to speed up many of our encounters, telling him I want his baby, and things of the like. 

Sam was the least demanding and I had only two more encounters with him. He was a definite follower. He liked to fuck me doggystyle before having me suck him to a climax, cumming in my mouth. He wasn't talkative which made him almost unsettling. He would demand that I tell him how big his cock was while he fucked me or while I sucked it, and I did. He would insist that I leave the hotel room before him, and almost as soon as we were finished. This made me feel the most degraded, with no chance for a shower, my pussy smelling like sex, and the smell of cum on my breath. 

As months passed by I was growing more and more weary both physically and emotionally. My relationship was suffering, as I had no desire to have sex with my boyfriend due to the insatiable sexual demands of my victimizers. I was almost wishing that my boyfriend would cheat on me to lessen whatever guilt I had felt. Although I abhorred the entire situation, I felt shame at my weakness, as it always seemed that as soon as one of these meetings would begin I would succumb to the sexual energy of it all, and turn into a slut for these men. For the longest time I felt helpless, with a weakness for sex to nearly—if not surely—nymphomaniac-like proportions. I needed an out.

During one encounter with Jay, I came to a realization. Jay had me on my back, legs in the air, and was kissing and licking my panties, sniffing deeply, almost talking to himself, completely immersed in his task. With the possible exception of Sam, these guys were as 'trapped' in the whole affair as I was. They were obsessed. I suddenly realized that I did have power, and it was what these guys craved—me, my sexuality. But it wasn't only these four guys, but probably most guys. As Jay moved to offer his cock to my lips, I began to conceive of a plan.

Afterwards, I began to formulate a plan based on my revelation. Quite simply, I realized it was an illusion of control that these guys ministered. It could be any four guys and any girl, but the key component was that the girl had to have the sexual craving to be up to it. These were rarer than guys like Jay, Fred, Mike and Sam, who were, I suspected, typical of most guys; maybe not to the degree of blackmail, but certainly to the degree of submitting to their sexual desires; they just needed a participating female. It seemed painfully oversimplified, the idea being that any man can be seduced under the right circumstances.

It seemed like a simple conclusion, but one with possibly hug repercussions. It was like finding out the world was round: at the small scale it seemed to have no consequences, but in navigating the globe it was huge. It was time for some navigation. 

I had plan, but in order to initiate it, I needed to test my theory. I needed to see whether I could seduce, for all appearances, a respectable and established man. This was the crux of my plan. 

Our neighbours across the street were a relatively newlywed couple. Although I'm not sure what she did, he was a manager for a company that rented large equipment such a bulldozers and backhoes. As neighbours, we were all polite, but never really established friendship of any sort. His wife was fond of gardening, and he seemed to spend most of his time doing odd jobs around the house. They were a good looking couple overall, and she seemed very pretty to me, and evidently my boyfriend agreed, as I'd often catch him looking out the window at her as she worked her garden. What could be harder than seducing a guy with a hot wife who would have everything to lose by it?
