 It was a reasonable summer's day for England, the sun was out and it was quite warm. Not warm enough to sunbath by any stretch of the imagination, but it made my 300 mile trip back from University a bit less grim. I am always in a better mood when it is a nice day. I had the radio on singing away. I was wearing a white skirt and a white vest top.. The skirt was well above my knees, not super short, but not massively long either. The vest top stopped just above my navel showing off my belly button piercing which I had had done on my 18th birthday just because I was never allowed one before that.

After a bit I pulled over into a service station. I was hungry and my legs were starting to get sore being sat in the same position for so long. I parked up and sorted out my hair and checked my make-up before getting out of the car. Always got to look your best, you never know who you might meet. I had also noticed a guy looking in my direction who was quite cute, but that had nothing to do with it of course.

I smiled to myself and got out of the car, I brushed my hand down the back of my skirt to make sure it hadn't ridden up before leaning over into the car to retrieve my phone. I leant over in a way to give the guy a nice view. He wouldn't have been able to see up my skirt as I made sure I kept my legs closed, but it would have raised the question in his mind if I was, or if I wasn't wearing any panties. I was, but he didn't need to know that.

I locked the car and walked inside to get some food and to stretch my legs. I decided on Burger King as the options were quite slim. The seating area was on the bridge between the two carriageways so I could watch the traffic go passed whilst eating. I sat out of the sun, but where I could see out of a window. The motorway in the other direction was at stand still due to an accident I think, it did say on the radio but I wasn't listening. Either way you could tell who had air conditioning as they were sat in their cars with the windows up, where as the ones without were stood outside their cars.

After a while my phone beeped indicating I had a text, it was from Sarah. Me and Sarah were good friends, had known each other since before we could remember and had always been friends. The text read, "Hey Fi, you home today or is it tomorrow? Know you said, forgot though x"

I replied back saying I was about 2 hours away and was just stopped for food. She responded before I had even put the phone down saying she was bored as they had all gone away for the weekend and left her. She lived with two other students; Dave and Steve who were extremely cute. Steve especially so, you know when you see someone and for no real reason you just think "Wow". He was 20 years old and enjoyed his sports. He was very well toned, and very sexy. I smiled to myself as I remembered the summer before when he thought he was home alone and we both saw him very much naked. For the record he looks nice with clothes on, with nothing on he looks amazingly nice.

I stared blankly down the motorway, glancing at the people on the motorway as a few of them were looking up, some repeatedly, probably wishing they were sat in here rather than on the motorway in a traffic jam. I finished my Burger King, and caught my reflection in the window. My skirt had caught on the table so was giving the people who did look up a very nice view of my white panties. Wouldn't have been so bad except they were tiny and slightly see through so as not to show through my skirt. So the few that had noticed probably got a reasonable view, in fact the few that had noticed were probably quite pleased to be stuck in traffic. I stood up quickly brushing the skirt down so cover myself and felt myself flush a little.

I have always been a bit of an exhibitionist, and the fact that I had just had my panties on show was a little exciting. I had streaked and generally run around places I shouldn't in various states of undress, but had never knowingly been caught. Felt very naughty, very naughty indeed. I smiled to myself as I felt myself warm up a little, if you follow what I mean before I went to the wash room to freshen up before going back to my car and continuing on my journey.

As Sarah had said that she was bored, I decided to go round instead of going home as it knocked about an hour off my journey. I hadn't seen her for a good number of weeks as she is at a different University and although we chatted on the phone every day it wasn't the same as a face to face chat. I rolled up outside her house and pipped my horn. Her bedroom curtains twitched and 30 seconds later the front door opened. Sarah was stood in the doorway wearing a pair of shorts and a wrap around floaty top which showed off her flat toned belly, she liked sports and regularly played volleyball. I got out of the car and went inside giving her a hug on the way in.

She made me a drink and we sat her bed to catch up. "Motorway saw my panties," I said smiling.

"Eh what now?" Sarah said a little confused.

"When I sat down to eat at the service station my skirt must have caught on the table when I slid onto the chair causing it to ride up. I did wonder what the blokes were looking at, I just assumed it was jealousy at us being inside and eating and them being stuck on the motorway. When I moved positions I saw in the reflection in the window that I was giving them a good look up my skirt. I don' think they will have been able to tell from that distance but they are very thin material, almost lacy, so are see through," I explained to Sarah who just sat there listening whilst making noises indicating amusement.

"Dopey cow," she playfully mocked, "Could have been worse though"

"How so?" I quizzed.

"You could have been commando," she said smiling at me

"Yeah, very true, that would have been worse," I said agreeing with her. I hadn't though of that. I have been known to go without panties, feels nice and very naughty, especially in a skirt.

We settled down on her bed and just started chatting. Time really does fly when you are gossiping and before we knew it, it was fast approaching late evening. It was decided that I was staying over for the night, so I sent a text to my parents so they knew where I was whilst Sarah threw a pizza in the oven.

After the pizza I wanted a shower as I had been on the road most the day and was feeling a bit icky. She showed me how the shower worked and handed me a clean towel from her room. Her shampoo was hung up and she said I could use it so I was sorted.

I went to the bathroom and stripped off. I remembered I was still wearing my make-up and didn't have any wipes to remove it. "Hey Sarah," I shouted

"Yeah?" she replied

"You got any make-up removal wipes? Mine are in my car." I asked

"Yup, they are in here," she replied.

"I have nothing on, can you pass them to me?" I shouted back. I was naked and couldn't be bothered getting dressed to go and get them. We had seen each other naked before, but only when getting changed when we used to go swimming, but I wasn't going to walk around her house in the nude.

She opened the bathroom door just enough to get her hand and the wipes in and dropped them onto the floor. "Thanks," I said

"No probs," she replied back before going back to her room.

I cleaned off my make-up and had a nice long shower before getting out and drying myself off. My clothes were in the car still, along with my make-up wipes and I didn't want to put the stuff I had been wearing all day back on, kind of defeats the point of having a shower so I wrapped myself in the towel and went back to Sarah's room. She was sat on her bed sorting out her CDs, I assume looking for something to play. I put my clothes on the floor in the corner and she looked up. "Thought you had drowned," she said smiling, "That feel better?" she added

"Yeah, much better thanx," I replied, "You got owt I can wear? Stuff is in my car"

"Go and get it then," she said with an evil glint in her eyes.

"No way," I said back instantly knowing she was meaning I go outside just wrapped in a towel.

"Spoil sport, " she said back sticking her tongue out at me, "What do you want?" she asked.

"Errr, just something to sleep in will be fine, t-shirt normally," I replied smiling at her as she stuck her tongue out.

"Panties?" she questioned as I didn't mention them, I didn't feel I needed too as I had never slept without them, well, not with her anyway.

"Yes please," I said.

"T-Shirt's on the top shelf of wardrobe, panties in the middle draw over there," she said pointing to a chest of draws in the corner of her room.

I stretched up and selected a suitable T-Shirt to wear. I was a fitted dress size 8, or a baggy dress size 10, Sarah was size 10 so we shared clothes a lot. Only difference was she was a little taller than me and had larger boobs, not that I was jealous or anything. She wore a C cup bra where as I was A cup. As I stretched up I felt the towel lift up to just above my waist, before I could react Sarah said, "Towel isn't long enough, nice arse".

I grabbed a t-shirt and dropped my arms so the towel covered me again before selecting some decent panties from her draw ignoring her comment. Sarah mainly wore thongs so I didn't really have much choice when it came to suitable panties to sleep in. I found some normal white ones, still quite high leg but at least they had a back on them.

I put the panties on under the towel and then facing away from Sarah so she couldn't see my boobs I dropped to towel to put the t-shirt on before hanging the towel on the radiator and lying back on the bed again. Sarah got up to go for a shower so I was left to my own devices. I switched on the TV and settled on one of the many Friends re-runs. The T-Shirt wasn't all that long actually, and didn't really cover my panties, I was going to change for a longer one, but I was too lazy. Sarah had seen it before, after all, it is no different to seeing me in a bikini.

Sarah came back after a while wearing a white shorts and vest top sleeping set, it was clear she wasn't wearing a bra as her boobs were moving more than they would if she had a bra on. I couldn't tell if she had panties on or not as the shorts were quite loose fitting, I assumed she had. She sat on the bed next to me. "So, you still a virgin?" Sarah asked bluntly.

I nearly spat my drink all over the place as I wasn't expecting that question, we talk about everything so the topic has been mentioned before, fairly regularly and it was no secret that I had been a virgin, key words there being "had been".

Sarah picked up on my hesitation and said, "Oh My God, who was he? And more to the point why didn't you tell me?"

"Guy at University, it was shit, that is why I kept it quiet, one night stand," I replied quietly, feeling a bit of guilt for not telling her.

"Awww, never mind hun, first time is always a let down. Did it hurt as well?" she asked.

"Not really, well, a little when he first went in, it was over quite quick and then he was asleep," I responded

"Hehehe, that is why you get what you want before you let him get what he wants," Sarah said, a slight giggle in her voice as she said it.

I just smiled, a little uncomfortable to be talking about it. To be honest I was a little disappointed, as he was so nice and kind, and said all the right things at the right times. Then wham bam thank you mam and I didn't hear from him again. Just another notch on his bed post probably.

"Awww, come on, he isn't worth it if he was selfish and shit," Sarah said as I hadn't noticed I had a tear in my eye thinking about it.

"Yeah, sorry, just had the vision in my mind of romance and amazing sex, it was just nothing like it," I said, wiping my eyes to stop myself crying.

"Romantic sex is over rated, a damn good fucking is what I like," she said grinning like a cheshire cat.

I punched her playfully on the arm, "Too much detail," I said smiling at her.

"Look on the bright side, least it wasn't in the back of a Corsa followed by an hour getting lectured at the doctors for the morning after pill," Sarah said as she briefly described her first time.

I smiled and laughed a bit as I remembered her detailed description when it happened, "Yeah I guess, but still....."

"But still nothing. We have needs too, nothing to be ashamed of. You just need to find someone good now" she said making a thrusting movement with her hips.

She smiled back at my silence, "Want a drink?" she asked, "I was thinking non alcoholic, but up to you," she continued as she saw my questioning expression

"Yeah, just whatever you have is okay," I said

"Two milkshakes it is then, you want strawberry, raspberry or lime," she said

"Oo look at us, Friday night at half 10, living the rock and roll lifestyle baby! Raspberry please," I said smiling.

Sarah came back with the drinks a few minutes later and put them on the bed side table. Her bed was pushed up against the wall in the corner so you could only access the bed from the one side. It was a double bed, think it was king sized as it was huge compared to mine, I could lay on it anyway and my feet not hang over the edge. Sarah switched the bed side light on and switched off the main light.

I shuffled up next to the wall so she could get onto the bed and perched on my elbow to have my drink. I love milkshake, probably shouldn't admit that as I should be drinking vodka and living up to the student lifestyle, but you can't beat a milkshake at night.

The TV was still playing to itself, not sure what was on as I was still getting grilled on the gory details of my first time. What position did we use? Did I get oral? Did I give oral? Did he cum inside me etc etc. It did make it better talking about it, not sure why, but I could talk to Sarah about anything and it was all okay again. She just knew how I felt, what I was feeling and why I was feeling like I felt. Maybe that is what you get when you grow up with someone. I don't believe in there being a telepathic connection and all that, but still, there was something, like I said, she just knew.

"Just missionary position. No, I didn't suck him. No he didn't lick me. Yes he came inside me but was wearing a condom, that was the nicest bit, felt good, not worth the wait though" I replied, answering her questions one at a time as they were fired at me.

"Were you wet when he went in?" Sarah asked in a concerned tone

"Yeah, I was," I replied.

"How did he get you wet?" Sarah asked

"Not very nosey are you," I said sticking my tongue out at her.

"Well... he must have done something right if you were wet," she reasoned.

"He was good with his fingers," I said matter of factly

"Well then, we have a positive," Sarah said with a grin on her face.

"I can do that," I said, "I have my own fingers. Not only that, but it would have been less messy, I wouldn't have been kept awake all night with snoring, plus I might have cum myself if I did it myself,"

Sarah just laughed, "Yeah I suppose so, Do it yourself often then do you?" she asked smiling at me, "One, two or more?" she continued moving and grouping her fingers in a very suggestive way.

I wasn't sure if she expected an answer or not, but I ignored her and just said, "I haven't even had a decent kiss, what am I doing wrong?"

"You haven't even been kissed nicely?" Sarah said sounding shocked

I just shook my head, "Not really, not in a way that makes me all gooey inside"

I just looked at her and smiled, it wasn't her fault and here I was moaning at her about my shit sex life. Everyone expects you to be very active if you are classed as "cute". Don't get me wrong, I would love bigger boobs, and a more curvy shape. I do a very impressive impression of an ironing board with my barely A cup breasts. I looked down at my boobs under my top and even with no bra on there was still no movement. Even if I jiggled. I could probably go back with a guy every night if I wanted, but I don't want that, I just want, well, I just want to be loved and appreciated for who I am, not what he can get in me.

It is all confidence and although I do have the body most girls would love, I am still a quiet girl, keep myself to myself. It just feels like men just want to shag you and move on and then the one time I trusted one, he proved my point.

I climbed over Sarah to go to the bathroom to brush my teeth and get sorted for bed as it was getting late. I stay here that often I have a toothbrush here and at home. In fact I have three now as I have one at University as well. When I came back Sarah went to get herself sorted.

I got into bed and got under the covers snuggling into them. Sarah came back and said, "My side" and gestured to the side for me to move.

I shifted to the other side and she climbed over me. I forgot she likes being by the wall. She is a fidgety sleeper so has less chance of falling out of bed if she sleeps by the wall. We switched the light off and turned off the TV. I lay on my back with Sarah next to me, just talking about nothing in particular.

After a while Sarah said, "I can't believe you have never been kissed properly."

"Yeah stop rubbing it in," I said.

There was a moment's pause then she leant over me to get her drink. As she put it back onto the bedside table she looked down at me, I smiled at her and she leant in and gently kissed me on the lips. I was a little shocked, we had kissed before, but that wasn't a hello or a goodbye kiss, that was a tester for my reaction. She quickly withdrew and lay back down next to me. "Sorry," she said

"Don't be, you are now my best kisser," I said smiling at her.

She laughed, "Wow, he must have been really shit. How about this then?" she replied.

Before I could respond I felt her lips press against mine and her tongue run over my lips. She pulled away a little bit and smiled at me. She then leaned in again, this time I met her half way.

Her lips felt so soft as her tongue once again licked across my lips. This time I met it with my own, pressing against it she slowly licked against my teeth and tongue as she kissed me. I had been kissed before, but for some reason this just felt better, my nipples hardened instantly to the sensation that passed through me like a warm wave causing me to shiver slightly.

She moved herself above me rolling me onto my back as we kissed, our tongue intertwining together she gently took a hold of my hands with her own and just gently squeezed them. I moaned softly, I didn't mean to, but I was very much enjoying what she was doing and my body was reacting to her attention. I opened my legs and she slipped between them as we kissed. After a few minutes she stopped kissing me and I just looked up at her and smiled. "Thanks," I said.

"What for?" she quizzed.

I just simply responded with, "That." I am not sure what I was feeling, I had just been kissed by a girl, in a way I had never been kissed before. I had never really thought of Sarah that way, I had never really thought of girls that way in general really. My train of thought was disturbed as Sarah asked if I liked it.

"Yes, definitely," I replied.

"Your nipples definitely did," she said gesturing towards my nipples that were pressing against the T-Shirt I was wearing.

I blushed slightly and ran my hands over my breasts pushing them together to crumple the shirt and hopefully hide the perky nipples beneath it. Sarah just grinned at me before rolling next to me again and laying her head on my shoulder. She kissed my neck before using her hand to draw shapes on my tummy through the T-Shirt.

As I said the T-Shirt wasn't that long and it wasn't long before her hand had worked it up enough to expose my tummy and I felt her fingers against my bare skin which sent another shiver through my body. A nice shiver though. Her finger nails just brushing over my bare skin, working their way around my tummy in bigger and bigger circles, slowly pushing my T-Shirt further up until I could feel the cool air on the underside my breasts as the t-shirt rode up higher.
