 I have a Jacuzzi at home and I'm on the phone sexing it up with you while the jets play on my cunt and ass. I tell you how much I wish it was big enough for us both and this lends itself to a new round of sexy talk in which we share our fantasies about the large model Jacuzzi at the health club we both use. We both admit to having had fantasies about that tub as well as our mutual frustration about being able to share it without getting found out. 

"I have an idea," you tell me.

"Tell me."

"No," you tease, "I'd rather follow through on my idea and then excite you with it. In the meantime you can let your fantasies run wild."

I'm dying to find out what you have planned, but I agree to play by the frustrating rules of the game. You were right. My mind is already exploring all kinds of delicious fantasies.

The next night, you tell me that George, who manages the facility is a friend of yours and that he owes you a favor. He'll leave you the key to the place so that we can use it in privacy after the club closes. 

So here we are in the parking lot of the center and we're watching the last few members walking out the door. It is past midnight, and the windows of my Miata are steaming up as we fondle away the time. Your hand is inching up from my knee, past the hem of my skirt, and as I spread my knees as much as I can in this constricted space, your fingers curl up past the edge of my skin-tight silk panties. You graze over my sparse cunt hair, tickling me. When your fingertips slide down into the wet slice of my cunt, I am frustrated by not having room to spread my legs wide open to your touch.

But it doesn't matter, since now you're pulling your hand away and direct my attention to the big glass front doors of the fitness center. George is flipping off the light switches, gradually darkening the building. He exits through the doors, setting the locks, and strides down the sidewalk to his car, waving once in our direction and winking knowingly. After a few moments of last second indecision, we pry our cramped bodies. You quickly unlock the doors and then re-lock them after we are inside. 

Not a word passes between us. Something about the stealth of this whole activity makes for a spooky and hushed mood. Once we round the corner of the hallway and are out of sight of the driveway, we each light one of the candles that we've brought along for atmosphere, and we head down the stairs to the Jacuzzi room. I grip your hand tightly to help ward away the gnawing fear in my stomach that comes from doing something taboo. 

And it's making me edgy but it's making me horny, too. Our mutual teasing in the car lit my fuse. To be honest, I have been somewhat aroused all day since you called me this morning to tell me that we could use the Jacuzzi by ourselves tonight. I had to use great self-discipline to keep from reaching down under my desk at work to give myself a quick little orgasm, but I could feel the moisture in my crotch all afternoon and evening, and after many hours of being a little high on the anticipation, I know this from the fact that I've touched my pussy from time to time all day. Since your call my clitoris has puffed up and pushed out from the lips of my cunt, so that I can feel it rubbing against the silk of my panties as I walk. My concrete-hard nipples have jutted out through the filmy material of my bra; I know they're visible to anyone who looks ... and many guys (and some women) have looked. So, yeah, I have been stimulated all day, and now I'm experiencing skittish edge that comes from a dash of fear and a heaping serving of arousal. I don't use the word "horny" to describe myself very often; I suppose that it sounds somewhat crude to me. But that is exactly what I'm feeling -- scared and horny. I know that I the combination of the two will whip me into a frenzy of lustiness. I can hardly catch my breath.

As we get to the door to the Jacuzzi room, my palms are sweaty with that mixture of lusty feelings; I can't take it anymore. I pull you around and press the entire length of my body up against yours, pushing you against the door. I spread our hands out straight to either side of the door, and we grip the candles together. I kiss you hard, mashing my lips against yours almost violently, stabbing my tongue deep into your mouth where it encounters your own. I savor the taste of your flesh. For the moment, I am the aggressor; I rub my breasts into your chest, frantically unbuttoning your shirt and pulling it to the side. Continuing lower, I let my nipples, which are encased in my filmy bra and blouse drag over the coarser material of your shirt and jeans. It makes my nipples ache. Lowering myself to my knees so that my head is even with your crotch, I kiss at the elongated hump hiding behind your pants. The cock hump extends at an angle from the base of your fly down along your right thigh and I realize that you must not be wearing underwear. I press my lips to the end of your cock and force moist, hot breath through the denim and onto your sensitive cock. I can feel your cock jerk, becoming harder, and it strains to pull upwards, but it is held in place by your tight jeans and by my mouth. The denim is now soaking wet in the area that I am kissing, and it is not only my hot breath that is making the moisture. You are dripping precum. I lick your jeans and can taste the salty liquid. Mmmm, that is so good, so sexy.

I can't wait any longer. I've frustrated myself enough. Leaving both candles in your hands, I reach up to unbutton your jeans, and then yank down the zipper. I am in a hurry now, and I pull down your pants to your ankles all at once. Your cock is released from its constraints and forcefully flips upwards against my chin, and then bounces up to the side of my face. Pulling back, I kiss the tip of your cock once, drawing in a string of clear fluid, and then I fasten my lips around the taut head and suck in hard, literally pulling my lips down the long shaft. Bit by bit, I slide my mouth down your thick column of flesh. My tongue and lips explore the bumps and ridges of veins and my gaze rises smokily up over your hard stomach, your hairy chest, your tiny erect nipples, and then all the way up to your face. You have removed your shirt. My eyes lock onto yours as my suction pulls my lips suction their way all the way down to the base of your cock. My nose is nestled into your groin, and as I release my suction to get a breath of air, I breathe in the exciting, musky scent. As strong as the odor of chlorine usually is in the enclosed room, I am only cognizant of the smell of you ... of us. 

The head of your cock rests all the way at the back of my throat. I bring up one hand to cup and fondle your balls and my fingertips prod rhythmically at the root of your cock, in the area between your balls and your asshole. Your entire cock throbs and dances in the hot cavern of my mouth, and the tip of my tongue curls up to massage the tube-like ridge running along the bottom of your cock. I can tell from the dreamy look in your eyes that you really like what I'm doing. Perhaps too much, I realize, since we haven't even fully opened the door to the Jacuzzi yet.

But what the hell! I know that you are good for more than one load of semen tonight. You must have been aroused all day like I was, so, instead of pulling my mouth off of your cock so that we can go enjoy the Jacuzzi, I clamp down harder and jam you cock down deeper into my throat. I then start to snap my neck forwards and back, so that I am truly fucking your cock with my mouth (or are you fucking my face?) Each time I pull back to your head, I let my tongue slurp in a circle around the crown, and poke lightly into your pisshole. Then wetly back down to the base again, with an increasingly rapid tempo. I slip one of my feet around so that I can rest my weight on it, and it immediately presses up through the material of my skirt and I can feel the pressure of my Achilles tendon on my cunt as my pistoning on your cock causes my crotch to rock back and forth. It's not enough to let me reach a climax, but it brings me to an even higher level of arousal. I thought I was horny before! Now I have your hard long cock fucking deep into my sucking mouth, and I am juggling your balls in my palm as I toy with that sensitive spot near your asshole. My heel is driving into my cunt, squashing my labia and my bulging clitoris into the soaking wet silk. I am hot as can be, sweating with exertion and lust. Oh, it feels so good, and I can see that it feels great for you too. Looking into your face, I can see that your eyes are now unable to focus, and then they clamp shut and your face becomes twisted. You are panting quickly, and sharp, high-pitched moans escape from between your lips.

For my part, I speed up my pistoning even more, so that my hair is flipping around my cheeks and onto your thighs. Just as I anticipate your orgasm is truly arriving, I draw back my head a few inches from your cock, and bring both of my hands up to jack your shaft. The copious saliva that I have left behind mixes with more of your precum, making for a wonderful, gooey lubrication, and I squeeze hard with both hands. Your cock is so hard and long that even using both hands, I am only able to cover half of the wet skin.

Propelled my the vigorous milking of my hands, the first jet of your cream shoots out from the tip of your cock, and traverses the gap, splattering over my outstretched tongue. When I close my mouth to savor and swallow your come, the next two jets land hotly on my nose and chin. I crane forward and rub my face into your still throbbing and drooling cock. The slimy mix of greasy come and saliva is swabbed all over my face, and I kiss and lick at your cock to clean off the salty and tangy mix. Gradually your cock loses its hardness, and your knees buckle. You slide down the wall and end up sitting on the floor. I stand up and tell you to pull out of your reverie or I'll go home and enjoy my own Jacuzzi by myself. But we both know that this is an idle threat. 

With that, I gently push your soft body out of the way and open the door to the tub room. It is almost pitch black in there, with only the light of the candles shining indirectly through the small window in the door. Plucking up my courage, I enter the room and let the automatic door close behind me. It only takes me thirty seconds to pull off all of my clothes, finally peeling the wet crotch of my panties out from between the swollen lips of my labia. I try to get into the Jacuzzi quickly, but when I am standing in the middle of the tub, the water is so hot that I have to stop for a few seconds to rebuild my determination. Then I let my leg muscles go soft, and my body drops quickly the rest of the way into the steaming water. I push myself over to the side and manipulate the controls, starting up the bubbles and jets. A couple of red lights come on under the surface, creating even more of an erotic mood. I'd never paid much attention to those lights before, since the bright overhead fluorescents have always been on when we'd been in this tub before.

I position myself on one of the underwater benches so that a jet is aimed up into my cunt. I have to force myself not to inch closer and closer to this surge of pleasure-giving water. But I still trust that you will be joining me in the tub, so I hold back. Still, I spread my legs wide, hooking one foot up and over the edge of the tub. The pulsing jet washes over my cunt, and my trimmed cunt hair and my labia waft around in the current. God, I've been mentally and indirectly stimulated for more than twelve hours, and now I am finally having some direct stimulation, no matter that I am keeping it mild. But it feels so good. I wonder how long I could stand being at this level of excitement. What if I was constrained from moving, so that this limited plateau of pleasure just went on indefinitely?

While I am thinking about that, the door opens, and in you come. You are much as I left you, standing there with your pants down around your ankles and your shirt pulled open to reveal your chest. Your cock is still limp, glistening wetly in the red light. As I watch, I see a final dollop of your come ooze out of the tip and ever-so-slowly stretch out and falls to the floor, leaving a pearly white string that connects back up to your cock. Within seconds, the string breaks.

I need your cock, but it is too soft right now to be useful to me. I need to encourage you, to bring it back to life. I ask you to take off the rest of your clothes, and then to stand on the floor next to where my foot is hooked over the edge of the tub. When you are there, I let my hips arch upward and away from the warm and welcome jet of water. My mons rises like Venus rising from the ocean, so that it is just barely out of the water. Reaching under my rear, I re-aim the jet to point upwards more. Now it is directed at my asshole. My cheeks involuntarily clench tightly closed, but I gradually let the tension ebb out of the muscles, and the jet of water is able to play right onto and even into my ass. Doing this is wonderfully kinky and I file that randy thought away for future use.

I let my fingers inch their way up into my cunt, where I languorously play around in the wet folds. I am enjoying all of this for myself, but I know you're watching me and doing so is bringing your cock back to life. Looking straight up, your body rises up above me like a magnificent statue on a pedestal. I broadly massage my clutching cunt and let the jet probe into my ass, I know that I am putting on quite a show for you and there's even a part of me that wishes I could watch it. My breasts bob buoyantly in the water; they float around lazily on my chest. My nipples remain rock hard, two coral reefs poking out of the ocean.

After a few minutes, can see I have begun to have the desired effect on you (and myself as well). At first, it is just a barely discernible twitch of the head of your cock, but eventually, I can see the stalk filling with blood. You grasp the pliant yet firming stalk and begin to slowly milk it, making it harder and harder. Everything looks red in this crimson shimmering light, but the head of your cock is certainly darker and almost purple colored.

When your erection reaches near hardness, you kneel down and swing your legs into the tub to join me. The depth of the water has your balls in the water, and your cock just north of that. Standing between my widespread thighs, you playfully twitch the muscles of your stomach, which makes your cock spring up and then flop down, slapping the water. You edge your feet forwards, and your cock splashes closer and closer to the junction of my legs. I use my fingers to spread my labia, so that when you are finally close enough, your cock slaps down gently into the wet, pink valley of my cunt. Another couple of inches forward and the head of your cock touches down on my clitoris. It's the most subtle of caresses, but it strikes me like an electric shock. My hips jerk up sharply, and then settle again. "Oh!" I moan.

You grasp the bottom half of your now fully hard cock in one of your hands. This allows you to fully control the motion of your cock, and you begin to swipe it back and forth over my entire cunt. You mimic the slapping motion that you had before, only more forcefully, so that you bring the head of your cock down hard onto my clitoris. When you get the positioning just right, the tip of your cock actually flips over the tip of my clit, strumming it like a bass guitar string. Although your thigh now blocks most of the full force of the jet on my ass, my anus is still wide open, and I can feel the bubbles and currents tickling that forbidden spot. I am now at an even higher plateau of pleasure. I wouldn't have thought it possible to be this euphoric and passionate, but you and I are able to maintain it like this for minute..., after minute..., after minute.

Finally, my moment arrives, and I am transported into an unbelievable twitching, spasming, screaming orgasm that feels like I have become the swirling waters of the Jacuzzi. I am a mass of hot, twisting, effervescent fluid of tiny bubbles, connected to everything in the world, primal, surging, and cresting on huge tidal waves. It is wonderful and erotic and ultimately indescribable. I have no idea how long my climax maintains itself, but you keep up the strumming of the tip of my clitoris until I finally let loose of my labia and push your cock away. There's only so much that I can stand, and I have reached my limit.

After my frenetic orgasm, I need a few minutes of quiet to clear my head. I reach over to the controls and turn off the jets and the bubbles; there is only wet warmth and silence. My head buzzes in the aftermath of my climax, and I let the arch of my hips come down, and then unhook my foot from the side. My body floats easily on the surface with you still standing between my spread thighs. Your cock juts straight outwards from your crotch, and the head probes undemandingly into my cunt hair. You know from experience to give me the time I need to recover.

With our first rounds of sex over, my thoughts return to the spookiness of being alone with you in a place we're not supposed to be in. From somewhere in the periphery of my senses, the fear returns, sparked by the faint thumping of feet on the stairs. Suddenly, I'm startled by the white light of a flashlight glimmering in the glass of the door and it's getting closer. Police? You reach across me to hit the switch of the underwater lights, hoping that the unwanted intruders will walk past and down to the locker rooms. My breath is caught in my throat, and I rise to my feet and hug you tightly, somehow seeking your protection.

The footsteps (it seems like more that one person, and now we hear their hushed voices) stop in front of this room, and the doorknob turns. The door opens. I hold my towel in front of me and you do likewise. The beam of light plays around the room and then aims right at us. We are blinded by the glare, and have no idea who is there in the room with us. The beam lowers slightly, so that it is shining directly at the water level. Then, to our surprise, we hear a giggle and then another. We can see the profile of three men standing just inside the door. I'm still scared, but there is something about the giggling that seems far from ominous.

You summon up the courage to say something. You ask them to shine the light away from our eyes, and to turn on the overhead lights. When they do, we see that the intruders are actually three young men, maybe college age or younger. They are dressed in swimming trunks. This situation is hardly anything to be scared of unless, of course, they blab all over town about finding us there. I think, since you are much larger and stronger than any two or three of them combined. One of them nervously blurts out that they thought they, like us would have the place to themselves, and that they are sorry to have interrupted. Another one says something that we are obviously enjoying the Jacuzzi more than they could have. That is when I suddenly get over my shock at their intrusion and realize that you and I are standing there stark naked, and that they can see from your huge erection that we are doing more than just relaxing in the warm water. Fear seems to stimulate you sexually much as it does me. In fact, I can't help but notice that my tingle of arousal is still with me, unquenched by my orgasm. In fact, I can't avoid the fact that I'm still horny as hell! Glancing down, I can see that my nipples are still hart and pointy.

After a few moments of awkwardness, one of the boys says that he should explain what they are doing there. I can tell that they are kind of scared too. Of course! They aren't supposed to be in the building. It turns out that they hidden in the weight room until after closing time. They had spent the last hour cavorting in the pool in the dark. It was sort of a lark, done on a dare; it turned out that swimming in the dark had been a lot of fun. But they had finally gotten cold; so they were coming down to take hot Jacuzzi to warm up before sneaking out and going back to the dorm. 
