 I can not wait to be your plaything once again. 

I want to kiss some great looking guy while you stand by and watch him enjoy my lips and tongue .. you know just what he's getting, don't you? I'll giggle and give him my best "fuck me" eyes, and whisper in his ear while I'm looking right at you. Maybe I'll tell him how sexy he is, and right there say that I would loveeee for him to fuck the shit out of me. When he says he'd be OK with that I'll smile at you and say to him .."oh, but there is a stipulation ...I like getting fucked SO much that I want two of you tonight. See that sweet lookin guy over on the other side of the bar? I want him to join us."

I'd tell him nothing funny, no boy on boy stuff ... just all about pussy and cock and filling me up while I make you both cum. I'd excuse myself from him and walk over, talk to you briefly and then signal him over to us. I'd introduce you to each other, then suggest having another drink. Seeing you both together and being so close to two hot males will make me sooooo wet, it wont be long before I suggest we take our leave to the nice hotel room we have.

All would be calm, cool and collected ... til the elevator doors closed behind us. I'd look up at our boy and kiss him softly at first, then really pull his face into me for a deep, passionate tongue kiss. While were kissing I'd reach over and feel your hard cock through your slacks, and feel my pussy drip with anticipation. Our door is close to the elevator so I'd start stripping in the hallway ... being close to naked by the time you got the door open. Once it closed behind us I'd have everything off, and you can tell me what a little slut I am, that you always knew it but now you're really seeing it. I'd tell you to shut up, and just remove your cock from your pants and fill my mouth up. Our boy watches me blow you while I reach for his cock ... its already out of his pants and hard from him stroking while he watches me suck you.

He tells you he wants to fuck me, and you give me to him willingly. You push me onto my back on the bed while he stands and slowly slides his cock into me. As I'm getting fucked you walk over to once again slide your cock into my mouth. I love being so filled up, my hands free to play with my tits. I look up at you, you can see the pleasure in my face, the smile in my eyes as I'm being used by the two of you. He starts to pump faster, holding my legs to him so he has leverage to move harder and deeper.

I tell you both that I want you to cum on my face, and him to cum on my pussy ... I'll tell him to pull out so I can see his cum all over me. You are moving harder and faster too, fucking my face and pulling my hair as you go to steady my head. You tell me so sweetly how you're going to make me drink your cum, the little whore I've turned out to be.

Suddenly we hear our boy moaning and grunting that sound that only comes from an impending orgasm. You take your cue from him and go deep ... I suck you like never before, with all of the love and adoration I can muster .. playing with your balls and moaning in exquisite pleasure. I want your cum the most, but you already know that. I'm getting fucked so hard now hes moving my whole body on the bed. Finally he pulls out and strokes his cock hard and fast til his cum is spilling and spurting out onto my pussy and belly. You tell me in that sweet voice of yours to get ready to swallow your load, and that warm gush in my throat follows ... so sweet and hot, that sexy part of you sliding into me. I reach down for the cum he left on my pussy and lick it from my fingers.

Now that I'm dying to cum after watching the two of you, our boy slides down between my legs and begins licking that puddle of wetness. He does it so slow and sweet, sliding a finger not only into my pussy but my ass as well ... I arch my back and with that you softly massage my tits, knowing how much I love my nipples being played with. With one nipple in your mouth and the other in your hand, you tell me it's ok to cum now, I've earned it. One more flick of his tongue on my clit has me writhing in the most amazing orgasm ever .. made all the better with your nipple play. 

We're all a bit drunk and tired and satisfied, so I slide up to pull the covers down on the bed and slip underneath. I hold out a hand to each of you, and nuzzle into your chest as you slide in next to me, and he slides in behind me. I fall asleep with his cock pressing against my ass, yours against me pussy. A little slice of heaven.