 For the past couple of years, I've been singing and playing music in a Celtic band, a five member acoustic ensemble specializing in the traditional music of Scotland, Ireland and England. My husband Kevin and I are Pagans, followers of the ancient fertility religion of the Celts. Kevin's been an enthusiastic supporter of my work with the band, seeing how much the music and good fellowship recharges me, and the money helps out, too. Thursday nights always find us circled round at someone's home, tuning our instruments and working on the gigs, reels and ballads we specialize in. The band members have become good friends, and we often include our spouses in socializing outside of our gigs and concerts. 

In October, we all scheduled a trip to Baltimore to attend a concert by an Irish group we admired. The others reserved motel rooms, but money was tighter than usual for my husband and I, so we decided to drive back to Richmond after the concert. We gathered late that afternoon at a restaurant for dinner before the show, all of us that is but our drummer and his wife. Mick straggled in late, looking frustrated and annoyed, ordered a Guinness and related that his wife, Julie, had somehow forgotten our plans and booked a conference in conflict with the weekend. Rather than waste the room and tickets, he had finally decided to drive up on his own after taking her to the airport.

He was tall and well made with a ready smile and level gray eyes that twinkled, and wore his wavy black hair slightly longer than current fashion. That and his lanky frame and boyish face often made him seem younger than his years. Although a researcher by profession, it was immediately clear that music was Mick's first love. His enthusiasm was a welcome addition to the band, which had been bogging down in recent months, and I found myself energized by our interactions during practice or social occasions. The band frequently struggled with the complex rhythms common in Celtic music, and most challenging of all were the slip gigs, a rousing sort of dance tune that required a great deal of careful timing and syncopation between the participants. Mick and I were both especially frustrated by our ensemble's inability to finish the tunes simultaneously. We had similar perspectives on the music and shared a lot of other common interests. Our zany sense of humor often led to a lot of inside jokes between us at practice, and I looked forward to the gigs and rehearsals that brought us together. 

Eventually I began to realize I was developing a full-blown schoolgirl crush on Mick, not something I typically indulge in. I adore my husband and we have a vibrant, passionate marriage, so interest in another man was the last thing I expected. Mick seemed happily married and a rather traditional sort as regards family values, so I assumed my crush was doomed to play out as fuel for my imagination. It never occurred to me that the attraction might be mutual, or that anything would come of it. Boy, did I get that one wrong…

After a delicious dinner, we walked the few blocks to the theatre and settled into our seats to await the show. Without giving it much thought, I found myself with Kevin on one side and Mick on the other, like a pair of handsome bookends. The theatre seats were small and close together, not optimal for a big girl like me or for someone with Mick's lanky frame. As much as I struggled to "be ladylike" and sit with my knees together the way my mama taught me, I kept finding my thigh pressed against Mick's. I'd never been quite this close to him before, and enjoyed his faintly spicy scent and warm, male energy. Kevin's arm embraced my shoulders, his touch tender and affectionate, and he smiled in amusement when he noted the contact between Mick and I. For the next two hours, the wildly up-beat energy of the band on stage filled us all, and I reveled in Mick's obvious enthusiasm and Kevin's comforting presence.

The concert was delightful, and all of us were in high spirits as we made our way back to the motel. The other couples said goodnight and left Kevin and I chatting with Mick beside our van in the parking lot. Standing between the two of them felt so good, and I was dreading ending the magic for the long drive home. As if he had read my mind, Mick spoke up. "Look, you guys, there's no reason for you to drive all the way back to Richmond tonight. My room's got two big beds, and I certainly don't mind sharing it with you. It's already late." Mick smiled. "Heck, I'd enjoy the company, since Julie is off in Camden."

Kevin and I looked at each other. "Well," he said, "If you're sure you don't mind, it really would make things easier for us. It is a long haul home." Concealed behind me, my husband's hand swept down my waist to squeeze my ass suggestively. It was all I could do not to jump. My mind raced ahead, imagining being in such close proximity to this man I was increasingly attracted to, and I'm sure I must have blushed. "Easy, now," I thought to myself, "Mick's just being generous.- don't go making assumptions." With an almost audible gulp, I blurted "OK."

"Come on, then." Mick turned and headed into the building and down the corridor, with us in tow. His room was pleasant, large and more upscale that we could have afforded, with a suitcase and leather jacket flung across one large bed. He opened a small cooler and pulled out a trio of chilled Killian's, grinning as he handed them out, and said pointedly to me: "Look, Annie, I know you don't usually drink, but this is a special occasion and you might as well enjoy yourself." 

I raised an eyebrow, wondering what he meant, and thought "What the heck…?", then uncapped the bottle and raised it to my lips. We shared a brew, then another, all the while laughing and talking, still buzzed on the incredible energy from the concert. The alcohol fueled the heat that was building in me and I began to realize I was being quite flirtatious. Dangerous territory, I told myself, and decided it was probably smart to call it a night and get ready for bed. "I don't know how you want to work this," I laughed. "We didn't pack an overnight bag." Kevin had his arm around me and was gently stroking the side of my breast with his thumb, his body warm and close.

Mick was amused. "Look, why don't I take a walk and you guys can get settled in and I'll come back later after you've had some space." He grabbed his coat and headed for the door. "Have fun," he winked. The day had been a long one and the sexual tension non-withstanding, I suddenly realized how tired I was. I brushed out my hair and rinsed my mouth, then undressed and slid into bed, falling sound asleep before Kevin ever finished in the bathroom. We were oblivious when Mick tiptoed in sometime later.

Late into the night I awakened in the shadowed room to feel my husband caressing my hardening nipple, his erect cock pressed against my hip. "I want you," he whispered softly, shifting his powerful body over mine. He covered my mouth with his own and began to kiss me deeply, rocking his rod against my thigh while his knee pressed against my rapidly moistening pussy. Reaching down with his left hand, he slipped his fingertips into my cleft and began to stir my hardening clit as I struggled not to groan aloud when I came. Unerringly he slipped into me, the route familiar and sure, and I opened to receive him, still half asleep. Mick's breathing was soft and relaxed – I hoped he was sleeping soundly and that the air conditioning covered the sounds of our lovemaking. My self-consciousness was doing battle with the desire that filled me, and I wasn't used to fucking my husband next to a sleeping friend, especially a friend I lusted after. The fear of being heard somehow added to our arousal and Kevin began to thrust with more and more abandon. It was all I could do not to cry out, and I bit my lower lip to contain my excitement. Breaking our kiss, I whispered a warning into his ear: "Honey, Mick's gonna hear us!" 

Never a shy one when it came to sex, any concern for caution or discretion was lost to Kevin. "Don't worry sweetheart, after all he drank, Mick's dead to the world."

Unexpectedly, a wry, low voice broke the darkness "Yeah, I'd have to be dead to sleep through the two of you fucking like rabbits!" After a stunned silence, we all dissolved into laughter. Busted! No way out of this one. So much for discretion… I blushed intensely in the darkness, then almost fainted when Mick asked after a pause, "So, folks, are you gonna let me play, too?" For months I'd flirted with and fantasized about this handsome, charismatic man, but never once imagined that he might be open to sharing more than friendship and music. "I've always heard you Pagans have a different attitude about sexuality. I love Julie to death, but sometimes she's just so… conventional." He paused, then added, "You know, Kevin, your wife's one hot lady."

My husband chuckled. "Yeah, tell me about it. She's more than I can handle on my own sometimes, that's for sure." I felt his cock pulse inside me as he kissed my forehead fondly, and then he slipped out of me and guided me onto my side, cupping me against him spoon-fashion, facing Mick across the darkness. His love for me was like a great wave as he tenderly murmured in my ear, "I know you want him, sweetheart." Then, to Mick, "It's a big bed, man, come on over…" The rush of desire in me was so intense I could hardly breathe as I watched Mick's pale, lanky form emerge from his bedclothes and move across the gap to our bedside.

Mick stretched out on his left side facing me and propped up on one elbow. The tiny glimmer of light from the streetlight outside played across his face and shoulder and I could see that he was wearing a pair of Euro-cut briefs, small and dark against his pale skin. I'd enjoyed a lot of men prior to Kevin, but had released that part of my life since our marriage. Oh, we still occasionally talked about including someone else in our lovemaking, and Kevin was aware that I was very attracted to the drummer, but it never occurred to me that the attraction might be mutual, much less that Mick would be inclined to act on it. As the scent of his skin, muddled with after-shave, soap and alcohol enfolded me, Mick gently lifted my chin and stared into my expectant face with eyes that glittered with desire. "You've been flirting with me for months, Annie," he said. "It's time to put up or shut up." 

I hesitated, then took his hand in my own and drew it toward my mouth in reply. Knowing how much this always turned Kevin on, I began to run my tongue-tip between Mick's long fingers and over the palm of his hand, savoring the mixture of salt and soap. He groaned softly and bent to nibble my neck and shoulder, shifting his body nearer to me. Such a contrast to my Kevin, whose hairy, golden Celtic ancestors had clearly left their genetic stamp across his heavily muscled body. Mick's features were classically English, with fair skin that contrasted with the dark thatch at his mid-chest and crotch. Even in the shadows, I could see that his circumcised cock was built like the rest of him, long and slender as it strained against his briefs.

Tenderly he leaned to kiss me, tentatively at first, his smooth face a contrast to my husband's bearded one. His kisses were at first light, hesitant, careful. How different his mouth, his tongue teasing mine in a staccato reminiscent of the rapid rhythms he drummed on the doumbek. He seemed to be waiting for a clear response from me signaling the mutuality of my desire. He certainly got it as I raised my mouth toward his and opened to his tongue, shivering with the outrageousness of this forbidden pleasure. Kevin, who knew me so well, couldn't help but sense how aroused I was as he pressed against my trembling back. 

With his large right hand, Mick cupped my breast and lowered his mouth to it, teasing and suckling on the rosy nipple. Behind me, I could feel my husband's hardness hot against my ass cheeks as he nuzzled the nape of my neck and he draped his left arm over my hip, his fingertips delicately teasing my mound. My god, I mused, was this actually going to happen? Was I finally getting to sample this contrast of light and dark I had so long dreamed of? It didn't seem possible and yet, here we were, tangled in each other's arms. I whimpered with pleasure, pinned between the husband I adore and the band mate I desired. It felt like free-fall, a headlong tumble into an unknown country. I was The Goddess, primal, all desired.

Kevin lifted my thigh, opening my wetness to the cool night air. My fragrance spilled out, heavy with the desire that spiraled through me, and Mick quickly shifted, burying his face in my sex. My back arched involuntarily as his tongue found my clit and a thin whine of pleasure unfurled from my throat. Cradling me, my husband lifted my hips toward Mick's hungry mouth, feeding me to him and smearing my ass with the nectar that oozed from his own cock as he rocked against me. I clutched the bedclothes and strained against the burning contact between my thighs, tipping my slit upward so that Mick could explore more of it with his probing tongue. Blessed Aphrodite!

I slipped my hands down along Mick's hips, marveling at the smoothness of his skin and dragged the briefs down onto his thighs, freeing his cock and balls, then inhaled his musk, so different from my husband's. The ivory tip of his penis glistened with arousal and I bent toward him, curling my tongue around the underside of the head and drawing his glans in with my hungry lips. His buttocks tightened and with a sharp intake of breath, he thrust into my mouth, rocking in gentle counterpoint to the rhythm of Kevin's embrace. The sensations were incredible, and almost before I could brace myself, the flash fire of orgasm exploded in my belly in a series of violent contractions as I pressed my pussy against Mick's mouth and cried out.

My husband slipped from behind me and rose to his knees by my shoulder, turning me onto my back. His gentle face was clouded with desire, and his thick, dark cock arched sharply up from heavy balls. Pre-come glazed his belly and I longed for the familiar taste of him. "My Dionysus," I thought, cherishing this man who was my playmate and partner, the man who had taught me to open to my power as a woman, and to cherish his as a man.

Mick pulled his cock free of my mouth and dragged his briefs off before kneeling between my flexed legs. I was trembling, and my hunger for him felt like a pool of lava in my belly. The night air was cold on the wetness where his face had just been, and I wanted to feel that ivory spear that reared from his narrow loins pushing into me. I wanted to finally close the energetic gap between us, to honor the mutual attraction that had been building for months. Would the electricity flash blue in the dark? With a shaking hand, I reached out and laid my palm on his thigh, aware of the pulsing in my cunt as I touched him. 40,000 volts, and a whiff of ozone? My eyes were huge and dark as I gazed up at his face.

Unselfconsciously, he stroked his erect phallus and asked, "This is what you wanted, isn't it, Annie?" All I could do was nod. He looked to Kevin, perhaps to be sure this outrageous business was ok, then reassured by the affirmation in my husband's face, he smiled down at me and slipped his long, slender cock into my dripping flower. "Mmm, you feel so good, so soft…" he muttered in his throaty, low voice. He worked his long bone into my wetness with short, staccato thrusts in a complex rhythm of long and short strokes, arching his hips so that the tip of his cock touched the bottom of my womb, stirring me deep inside. I was astonished by how different he felt from Kevin: his rhythm, his movements, and the incredible turn on of finally having him inside me. I tipped my pelvis up further, trying to draw him even deeper into my belly, wrapping my thighs around his slim hips.

Kneeling above me, my sweet husband teased my face with his swollen penis, slipping it into my open mouth, and he groaned, watching with hungry eyes as Mick slid his rod into me. I wreathed my husband's cockhead with kisses, nibbling the corona, feeling him shiver in pleasure. His taste was sharp, salty and intense, the flavor a measure of his extreme arousal. Again, that contrast to the faint sweetness I tasted from Mick. With my left hand I cradled his balls, kneading the large heavy orbs and squeezing his shaft the way he loved. Kevin's hand was wound tightly in my hair, anchoring me as he thrust his fat cock rapidly between my lips. My mouth strained to accept his organ, so thick and meaty. It felt so wonderful. 

Mick buried his face in the hollow of my neck, his ass tensing rhythmically as he fucked me more and quickly and his breath began to come in ragged gasps. My desire was ferocious. Even as my husband raked his dick in and out of my throat, I could feel Mick's cock swell with his approaching orgasm. From somewhere deep in the center of my being, in some point of incandescent light at the core of my spirit, a scream began. My shriek of ecstatic release merged with Kevin's throaty roars, as he shot thick ropes of hot cum onto my face and lips. Mick moaned and began to come, holding me tightly to him as his throbbing cock blasted shot after shot into my burning pussy. The sun went supernova. 

We all slumped together, awash in the pleasure of our encounter and the essences that flowed from our bodies. I must have dozed – perhaps we all did. Sometime later, I awakened to find myself gently cradled with my face on Mick's chest and Kevin curled close behind me, the bedclothes pulled over us. The room still reeked of sex, that glorious incense that passion produces, and I reveled unabashedly in the joy of our encounter. Outside, in the trees behind the motel, a mockingbird heralded the day to come, precursor of the graying sky of morning.

Again I dozed, to be awakened by Kevin's sweet kisses and probing fingers. "He really flooded you, didn't he?" I shyly nodded: Mick's come still leaked freely from my moist pussy, offering easy entry for my husband's ready erection. Turning me toward him, he whispered, "You know it made me hot watching him fucking you last night. You were so incredibly beautiful." He slipped toward me, lodging the end of his cock in the top of my slit against my hardening clit. "My turn now!" I flung my leg over his, opening my sex to his cock, and sighed as his light teasing touches sent frissons of pleasure throughout my body. Wrapping my arms around him, I held his great wide chest against my breasts and scattered his neck and shoulder with love bites and kisses. What an amazing man, to be so generous with his horny wife!

Behind me, a sleepy voice murmured, "Damn, this is twice you two sex maniacs have waked me up." Mick yawned and chuckled. "Can I have seconds?" I felt like the entrée at some elaborate feast.

Kevin laughed, but never missed a stroke, and continued teasing my hard clit with his cockhead. "She likes it up the ass, Mick." It was true, but I was mortified that he would say so right out. My old, shy self did frequent battle with the passionate goddess who frequently overrode me. I knew what I wanted, but that didn't mean I was prepared to admit my desire to anyone else. "Be careful what you wish for…" We Pagans believe that we can create and alter reality through will and intention. If that was so, my numerous erotic daydreams and solitary masturbation sessions were paying off big time.

"Now that is something I'd never get Julie to try. Maybe it's a good thing she went to Camden after all." I could feel Mick's breath on my hair and his long, warm body slipped close behind me. What next? He began to nibble the back of my neck, caressing my right breast and twisting and stretching my burning nipple between his thumb and forefinger. "Y'know, Annie, it's really nice watching you and your old man making it together. Somehow movies just aren't like the real thing." I could feel his cock hardening against my backside, and shivered as he leaned close and whispered into my ear, "How about it? Do you really like it up the ass? Can you take us both?" Involuntarily I whimpered, whether from Kevin's thrusting cock or the thought of both of them in me. "I promise I'll go slow…" Mick's low voice trailed off, thick with lust.
