 Jan and Matt had a good friend, Bob, who had an odd condition. He was a sleepwalker, which is not all that unusual. However, Bob's condition was so severe that he could appear to be awake and alert when he was actually asleep. The only way to tell if he was asleep was to talk to him. If Bob were asleep, he would not respond.

When Bob came to visit Jan and Matt, he confided in his good friends that his doctor had told him that it was very dangerous to awaken him when he was sleepwalking. "If you find me sleepwalking," he implored, "please don't wake me up." "Whatever you are doing at the time, just keep at it as if there is nothing wrong." 

Assuming that the worst that could happen was Bob wondering around the house at night, Jan and Matt promised Bob that they would not wake him if they found him sleepwalking. 

Nothing happened for the first couple of nights, and Jan and Matt forgot about Bob's condition. On the third night, Jan and Matt felt comfortable enough to make love in their bedroom while Bob was asleep. Before long, they were naked with Jan on her back and Matt busily licking her wet pussy. 

As Matt ran his tongue over Jan's clit, the bedroom door creaked open. Startled, Matt and Jan turned to look. There stood Bob in the doorway, completely naked, looking right at them.

Matt said sharply, "Bob, what the hell . . .," but Jan quickly stopped him. "He's asleep," she said quietly. "Remember, what the doctor told him. We can't wake him, under any circumstances." 

Matt immediately calmed down, now concerned for his friend. "Right, we are supposed to just keep doing whatever we are doing." 

Jan stifled a laugh, thinking about exactly what is was they had been doing when Bob walked in. "Well," she whispered, "it's not like he's really seeing us."

With that, Matt plunged his face back in Jan's pussy. Jan closed her eyes, excited by the fact that Bob was in the room, even if he really wasn't aware of what was going on.

Jan was imagining just what might have happened if Bob had been awake, when suddenly she felt something pressed up against her face. She opened her eyes to see that it was Bob's hard cock. 

Soon, Bob had his hand on her head and was guiding her mouth towards his erection. Jan couldn't believe it, but did not want to wake poor Bob. Instead, she did what she thought she had to do and opened her mouth, allowing Bob's cock to slide into her mouth. Matt had his eyes closed as he continued to lap his wife's pussy and was unaware of this development.

Jan closed her mouth around Bob's cock and began sucking it. Bob was silent, but his hips moved a little to match the motion of Jan's mouth. In seconds, she felt Bob grow even harder. 

The combination of Bob's cock in her mouth and Matt's tongue on her pussy was overwhelming and she began cumming. Just at that moment, Bob's cock exploded in her mouth, his cum shooting down her throat. The surprise, made her open her mouth. Bob's still semi-erect cock popped out, spraying cum on her face and breasts.

Hearing the commotion, Matt chose that moment to look up. He was stunned to see Jan with cum dripping from her face and breasts. "What the fuck?" he mouthed. 

Jan just looked at him as if to say, "What else was I supposed to do?" The couple looked at Bob, who had taken a step backwards. Amazingly, he was already almost erect again. 

Jan said, "we need to keep doing what we were doing, or we might wake him." Matt, surprised at finding himself quite excited by seeing his wife covered in his good friend's cum, didn't argue. 

Matt lay on his back and pulled Jan on top of him. He positioned his hard cock on the moist lips of her pussy. Jan slid down on it and began riding him slowly. 

Matt looked up at Jan, her face and breasts still dripping Bob's cum. He reached up and began rubbing her breasts and squeezing her nipples, using Bob's cum like a lotion. Jan began moan, almost forgetting about Bob being in the room. Matt closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of his wife riding his cock.

Suddenly, Jan felt Bob behind her, his hard cock touching her thigh. Then Matt felt something pushing against his cock. At first he was perplexed. Then he realized that Bob was pushing his cock into Jan's pussy where it rubbed against his own. 

Jan let out a moan, as two cocks filled her tight wet pussy. She could not believe she was riding was riding both of them. The more this continued, the more excited Jan and Matt became. It wasn't long before Jan and Matt were both cumming again, quickly followed by Bob.

For a few minutes, all three of them were motionless. Then Bob suddenly withdrew and stood by the bed again. Matt used the opportunity to withdraw himself and sit up, his legs having fallen asleep. 

Matt looked at Jan as cum dripped from her pussy and down her thighs. The sight started arousing him. He then looked at Bob, who stood a couple feet from the bed with nearly a full erection.

Jan saw this too. "Oh, my God," Jan whispered to Matt, "he's hard again." "Should we wake him now?" he whispered back. "No, we can't risk it," Jan replied. In truth, neither one wanted this to stop anytime soon.

"You're right, I'm sure," replied Matt. "What next?" Jan just looked at Matt and pushed him down onto his back. Matt decided just to go with it, as Jan climbed on top of him in a 69 position, lowering her cum-soaked pussy to Matt's face. 

Before he realized fully what was happening, Matt was pinned to the bed by Jan. Matt felt he had no choice at this point and began licking Jan clean of both Bob's and his own cum. Jan moaned as she closed her mouth around Matt's cock, causing Matt to moan in turn. 

Lost in what they were doing, Jan and Matt almost forgot about sleepwalking Bob. However, that was not to last. Matt suddenly became aware of Bob standing nearby. Looking up, he saw Bob's erect cock, closing in on Jan's pussy. "Now what?" he thought, as Bob slipped his cock into Jan. 

In this position, Bob's cock was essentially in Matt face. Nonetheless, he didn't want to risk waking Bob, so he continued to lick Jan's pussy as Bob fucked her. Jan moaned loudly. 

Bob was slamming hard into Jan by this point, and his balls slapped Matt's face with each stroke. Then, unbelievably, Bob came again. As before, he withdrew and stepped away from the bed. 

Bob's cum dripped from Jan's pussy as she ground it into Matt's face, leaving him no escape. After hanging on the edge for what seemed like forever, Jan let out a horse, "I'm cumming," pushing so hard into Matt's face that he could barely breathe. When Jan was finally satisfied, she let Matt back up. 

Matt's head was spinning, but for some reason, he was getting aroused again. Still a little annoyed at how hard Jan had ground her pussy into his face, he thought, "This will teach you." Reaching into the nightstand he pulled out some lubricant and began rubbing it on his cock. 

Pulling Jan over on her side with her knees up, he began rubbing his hard lubricated cock on her little anus. Jan reached down to rub her pussy, as Matt pushed his cock into her ass. It had been a while since they had done this, and pretty soon Matt was lost in how good it felt to be fucking his wife's tight ass. Jan too was caught up in the moment, rubbing her pussy hard and fast.

Suddenly, Matt felt something touching his own anus. Before he could even consider what it might be, it began to slide inside him. It was something hard and lubricated. 

Confused, Matt turned to look over his shoulder. It was then that he felt a pair of vise-like hands on his hips. Realization was instantaneous - it was Bob trying to fuck him while he fucked his wife. 

Jan looked up at that moment and quickly understood what was happening. "Matt, don't say anything," she pleaded, "just go with it." "We can't wake him. He probably thinks he is at home fucking his girlfriend." 

By now, Bob's cock was buried halfway into Matt's ass. As a result, Matt was in a little pain but also too excited to stop Bob. Besides, he told himself, he didn't want to risk what might happen if he woke Bob. In any case, there was no way he could move given Bob's intense grip. 

Bob began pushing further into Matt's virgin anus and was soon far inside him. Matt moaned, despite himself. Then, Bob was thrusting into him, forcing Matt's own cock deeper into Jan's ass. All this was a bit overwhelming for Matt, fucking his wife in the ass as his friend fucked him. Before long all three of them were cumming hard.

As quickly as it started, it was over. Bob simply stood up and returned to his room. Jan and Matt looked at each other and shook their heads. It was a night neither one would ever forget. "Too bad Bob won't remember any of this," they thought.

Back in his room, Bob took a small notebook from his bag. Opening it up, he looked at the list he had compiled. Scrolling down, he smiled and put a check next to "Jan and Matt."