 I wasn't really sure that I ought to be doing it, but, what the heck, I had sort of realized pretty quickly what was going on and hadn't shut it off, so I guessed that I ought to go through with it. Besides, I was curious about what it would feel like. I mean, I had thought about what and how it would be done many times, like when I was getting myself off. Other times, too.

So, when Jimmy suggested that we go with Don and Ken to Don's apartment to score some weed there, I said sure I would go along. He said that it we would stay only a little bit, but I knew that was bullshit. I knew what was going to happen. I had seen Jimmy and the guys exchange glances and smiles when I had said I'd go.

I mean, Jimmy had been talking about sex and blow jobs and that kind of stuff all evening. When I walked away from the booth to go to the ladies room, I could feel the guys' eyes on my round, swinging ass the whole time. There were three of them and me. I was the designated driver. They were drinking and getting high. Don never took his eyes away from my tits. Ken brushed his body against mine hard enough that I could feel his erection when I squeezed back into the booth after another trip to the ladies. I had been fucking Jimmy for about three weeks now, and I could tell he had told the guys all about what a big slut I was.

So I was pretty sure what was going to happen when Jimmy suggested we go over to Don's place to try some of the new weed Don had gotten a hold of.

In the car, going back to Don's place, Jimmy kept his hands on my thigh. I would brush his hand off every once in a while. I mean, I was driving and it made it hard to concentrate. But he would always end up with his hand on my thigh. One time Ken, who 

2.

was sitting in the back seat of the Jetta with Don, asked Jimmy whether I was wearing panties or not, and Jimmy answered that it was for him to know and for them to find out. 

I didn't say anything. I was driving and that was a good excuse for me to pretend that I wasn't paying attention to what they were saying.

But, truth to tell, I could hear all the things they were saying and their giggling, I guess I had better admit it that all the talk and Jimmy's hand up high on my leg, it was all getting me a bit horny. Well, a bit more than a little bit horny. The walls of my cunt were wet as all get out. 

But I was playing it cool. I didn't even say anything when Don bent over the back of my seat and put his hands on my tits. I just brushed his hands away and played that it hadn't happened. But it had happened, my nipples hardened. He shouldn't have done that; after all, I was driving

We finally arrived at Don's place. Jimmy told me to he was going to go up to the apartment for just a few minutes. I said I'd wait in the car. Jimmy told me that that wasn't a good idea because this wasn't a safe neighborhood. He told me I ought to go up too. So, I told him, "Sure, Ok."

I could see Don punch Ken on the shoulder. All three of them had big smiles on their faces. As if it was going to be a surprise to me. 

Don's apartment was on the fifth floor. We were the only people in the elevator and the guys kept on with their lewd remarks. Jimmy stood right behind me and he kept on rubbing his hard-on against my ass. The thing was, by now I was anxious for it to happen. My cunt was wet. My clit was swollen. My nipples were hard. I kept on thinking about how they would make the first move. I tried to think what they would say. What I would answer. I wondered if I would be taking them one by one or all at once, or how. But I kept right on keeping cool. It couldn't be me who made the first move.

As soon as we entered the apartment, Don went into the kitchen to get the dope. We stayed in the living room and sat on the couch, waiting for him to come back. Jimmy had his arm over my shoulder. I sat up straight. My knees stayed together, real prim like. 

3.

Ken came over and sat down on the couch next to me so that I was sort of squeezed between him and Jimmy. 

When Don came back into the room, he was holding a bong and a bag of dope. The guys got all excited. Don sat down opposite the couch and filled the bong.

I guess one of my problems is is that I'm curious about things. I'm horny too, but my curiosity is what gets me into situations like this. Like, I'm curious about weird things. I was wearing a short tight skirt and blouse. I was curious about how they would take my skirt off. I mean, what a crazy thing to be curious about. But that was what I wanted to find out. Would they roll it up to my hips and then pull my panties down. Or would they go through the trouble of unbuttoning the back of the skirt. Pulling the zipper down and then pull my panties off after? It got me hot thinking about it, the feel of their hands on my body. Maybe they would get me to stand up and undress myself. I wondered if I would resist or just play along at the right time.

"Hey, where you at? Don't you want a hit?" I heard Don say to me. I wasn't sure if I should. "Ain't I your designated driver?" I said to him. I wasn't sure if I should take a hit off of his bong if I was going to be driving later.

"Come on, take a hit. You don't have to leave right away. Stay here for a while, until you get straight. We'll watch a movie."

Yeah, watch a movie, I thought to myself. "I shouldn't stay too long," I said, "I told my roommate I'd be home not too late."

"This is real good dope," It was Jimmy who said that.

"Oh, all right," I said and took a hit. 

"How you like it?" Don asked.

I just smiled a great big smile. It was good stuff. I passed the bong back to Don. 

"No, take one more hit," he said.

What the hell? I took another hit and passed the pipe along. 

Before I knew it, Ken had his hands on my tits. I put my hand up to push him away, but as I did, Jimmy started to force his hand between my pushed together legs and 

4.

I had to bring my hand down to grab Jimmy's wrist and that let Ken have his way with my tits. I tried to keep my knees tight together, but Jimmy wouldn't let up and he had forced his hand between my knees and up my legs over my thighs and all the way up to my panties and against my cunt. I kept my knees tight together so Jimmy couldn't really do much, but I was pretty sure that he could feel how wet my cunt was. I was truly oozing cunt juice into my panties. What could I do? It was happening. I was hot. Jimmy would sure know how hot I was when he felt how soaked my panties were. 

Meanwhile, Ken kept right on squeezing my tits. He had opened two of the top buttons of my blouse. I was trying to pull his hands away from my tits. All the while, Don kept hitting on the bong sitting across from the couch and staring at me. 

The dope I had smoked suddenly hit me. I said "Wow" and threw my hands up in the air over my head. When I did that, Ken shifted his arms up around me so that I couldn't get my hands down below my chin. Meanwhile, Jimmy had gotten his hands past the elastic of my panties and had a finger into my cunt.

"Guys, guys," I said.

But they were ignoring anything I said. Don finally said something. "Hey, we never did find out what colors her panties are."

"They're pink," Ken said. 

"How do you know, you're only touching her tits." By now Ken had opened all the blouse buttons and had pushed my bra off of my right tit and was squeezing my nipple there. 

"I can smell the color," Ken said.

"They're pink," said Jimmy, "I can feel the color.

The guys started laughing. I couldn't help it, I started laughing too. Maybe it was the dope. My hands were still up above shoulder high, my body was open to wherever they wanted to put their hands. Jimmy had forced my knees apart. Don had put his bong down and was kneeling right in front of me. He pulled my spread knees further apart, and now Jimmy was pulling my panties down

"Aw guys, guys, come on. Enough," I said to them.

5.

"C'mon you love this," said Jimmy said.

"Oh yes, she's lovin' it," Don chimed in. He had grabbed my panties after Johnny had pushed the panties down to my knees and Don pulled them all the way down to my ankles. "Her panties are soaked with pussy juice. She does love what we're doing," he said.

What could I say? It was true. I was mucho excited. My cunt was soaking wet and just gushing its juice out. I was sure some was leaking out to wet my cunt lips. My tits were both exposed now, my bra hanging loose. My knees were spread wide apart. Jimmy was stroking my clit. Don was rubbing my thighs. Ken was sucking my nipple. I still had my hands up high and couldn't do squat to stop them. "Guys, please. Guys, guys," I was saying to them, sort of asking them to stop. 

Guys what?" Don asked.

"This girl is ready to be fucked," Jimmy said,

"Look at her nipples," Ken said, "they're hard and tight."

I was breathing hard. My legs were spread. My tits were swollen. "Guys, guys," I said.

"Guys what," said Jimmy. He had three fingers up my cunt now. Worse.....while he was wiggling his fingers up and down in my cunt, I couldn't help but my hips were moving up and down in rhythm with his thrusts.

If I was going to stop this, it would have to be now. Right now! 

Yeah. Shit, Stop this. Fat chance. Three guys all stoned. They had been talking about fucking all night. I'm stoned too. My panties are down at my ankles. My skirt is rolled up past my hips; my blouse is three quarters off. My bra is hanging by just one strap. Jimmy's got three fingers up my cunt. Yeah, I can stop this if I want. Easy.

The thing is, screwin' with most guys, it doesn't always work out like you want.

I mean, they don't care. Mostly, once you're laying down and they've got your underwear off, all they really want from you is a nice, comfortable and warm hole. Mouth, cunt, ass, ---hell, even between or under your tits is all they want....a warm and 

6.

wet place for their prick. Your cunt, your clit, they play like they want to take care. But. Wam, bam, thank you maa'm is where they're coming from and is what you get.

So what I was thinking was, if this is going to work for me, I had better do something. You know, I didn't want to get raped. Rape, I been there, it becomes bad, just something real mean, no fun at all.

"Guys," I said, "let's do it." I stood up and stepped out of my panties. I slipped my blouse and my bra off and threw them down next to the panties. "I am ready."

Jimmy started laughing. "I told you guys she was crazy." 

"Let's fuck," I said. Ken had his pants' zipper down and he had his prick out. I grabbed it and began to gently massage it in the palm of my hand. It wasn't just to 

appease them. First of all, like I said, I wanted to have just some control over what was going to happen. Second, by now, I really, really wanted to fuck. To suck. To be fucked. To be sucked. I must be some kind of nympho or something. Three guys at once! And I wanted to do it. I wanted their hands running up and down my legs. I wanted them touching my tits, massaging my clit, kissing my neck. I wanted to hear them breathing and grunting while they were fucking me. I wanted to hear their dirty talk call me a slut and a whore. I wanted to taste the salty tang of their pricks as I sucked them off. I wanted to feel their hard pricks inside my cunt and pushing against my clit. I wanted them to cum in my mouth and in my cunt, even my ass. I wanted cum all over me. Geez, I am one major slut.

I held on to Ken's prick. I kept moving my eyes to look at their pricks, Jimmy's straight out and hard. Don's was still in his pants but I could see he was hard too, poking against his pants, tenting them.

"Don," I said, "Take your prick out. I want to suck it." Don is black and I was curious to see if his cock was as big as they say black dicks are.

He just looked at me like I was nuts or something.

"Take it out," Jimmy told him "I told you that she was some kind of nympho. Take it out. She'll give you head like you never had before."

7.

I got down on my knees. Don still hadn't taken his prick out, so I opened my mouth and sucked Ken's cock past my teeth and towards the back of my throat, swirling 

my tongue along the underside of his shaft. It tasted salty. I could smell his crotch tang. I could feel the head of his cock pressing against the back of my mouth. 

Jimmy was laughing. "Look at her go! Ain't she the baddest whore you ever saw? Wait until you see her fuck!"

"Yeah, suck on it baby," Ken was saying.

"Hey, bitch, when you gonna suck my cock?" Jimmy said. I thought I could feel Ken about to cum into my mouth. So far, so good.

Don had opened his fly by now. I took my mouth from Ken's cock. "You're next, big boy," I said to Don. His cock was long and thick, big. The stories are true. 

"What a slut," Ken said as I dropped his cock to replace it in my mouth with Don's. So far, so good!

Jimmy had dropped his pants and underwear by now. The big prick of his was what attracted me to him in the first place. Long and thick, meaty. Good to suck and even better to have in my cunt. Don was nearly ready to cum, but it was too early for that. So I loosed his prick from my lips and stood up.

Ken looked at Jimmy. "I really like all that fur. It's sexy." He said it without even looking at me. I hadn't shaved down there in over a month. I never did like the look of a shaved pussy. Too much like a baby's. Besides, when I'm hot, I got those hanging down droopy inner cunt lips and a guy once told me that the lips, the hair, and the pink made my cunt the hottest he had ever seen. Whenever I look at myself in the mirror, I have to agree. 

"Like it boys?" I asked the group. I pushed my pelvis forward. "Jimmy, why don't you suck my cunt for me?" Jimmy gave great cunt-suck. I came every time he'd do me. It was another big reason I stayed with him "Show them how it's done." 

"Not now, I want to fuck," he said.

"Come on, do me now," I said, "and later you can be the first one to fuck me in the ass." It was important right now that I control things a little bit. I knew that after a 

8.

while it would be helter-skelter, but for starts I wanted to be in control. I knew that if I got them to do what I said now, later I could control things better.

"Man, she is one complete bitch-slut," said Ken. "Do her, Jimmy."

I sat down on the couch, spread my legs wide and began rubbing my clit in a slow circular motion,

Jimmy got down on his knees between my legs. "Man, now I'm gonna have to pick her hair out of my mouth for the next half hour," he said. Yeah, and like he worried about the hair between my teeth. 

As Jimmy got down to work, I held the back of his head with one hand and massaged my clit with the other. Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, he was good. He ran his tongue around my plump outer cunt lips three, four, five times. Slow. He was really good. Then he did the inner lips the same way, but even longer. I was getting real hot now. I was massaging my clit, but he moved his tongue up and pushed against my clit. Jeeze! I continued to massage myself there and he moved his tongue down and into my cunt. And then he slipped two, three fingers into my cunt. I was out of control! I kept pushing my hip upwards to meet the thrusts of his finger. I was close. Jimmy was outdoing himself. I let go of his head and reached behind me to grab a hold of the back of the couch. I gripped it with all of my might. I lifted my hips up and down, up and down. There I was, my arms outstretched behind me, holding on to the back of the couch with all my might. I was spread out! I was ready to come. The lips of my vagina were all shivering, the inside was twittering. I was yelling, "Yes, yes, yes." I came.

I moaned. I was gasping. I could see Ken and Don sitting opposite me. They were staring at the scene, me stretched out wide and screaming in pleasure, Jimmy, his head buried in my cunt as it was happening. I was electric from my clit to my cunt, my cunt to my feet and my cunt to my head. Finally, finally, I shuddered and I came again. I came and I came. Wow! My God! Did I come? Oh yes!

Jimmy was still down there, working his fingers and his tongue. I began to feel sorry for him. I lifted his head from my cunt. " You're the best, and don't let anyone else tell you anything else." 

Page 9.

I was looking at Ken and Donald. They were just standing there, their red and purple pricks in their hands. I'd already sucked each of their pricks. I guess it was time for me to let them fuck my cunt. My pussy could take a little pounding now. I was wet and hot and hungry and I thought it would be nice to cum some more. When I get this hot, there was no stopping a slut like me. And I am a big slut, a major fuck whore. I might as well admit it. I love getting off, cumming, having an orgasm, being fucked. 

Choices! They aren't my favorite thing. Thinking too much takes away from the feeling.

I looked them over. Their pricks were pretty nice. Ken's about six inches long, I estimated. He was circumcised. Don had foreskin covering the tip of his bigger black prick.

I bent my finger to Ken in a 'come hither' gesture. When he approached, I whispered in his ear, "How about a nice blow job for you. I'll swallow." I thought his dong would taste a little bit better than Don's. Foreskinned pricks usually have a funny tang to them. Circumcised tastes better. And, why should I lie, I wanted that big black prick to fill my cunt. Would, after, I really not 'go back?'

"Ok," he said. He started to pull my head down to his cock.

"Whoa," I said to him, "Hold your horses for a minute." Guys, when they get a chance for pussy, they don't want to wait. 

"Let me take care of Don too." I said to Ken. I thought that would be a more efficient use of things. Besides, two at one time offered possibilities. 

Don had heard me and he said, "Open that cunt. I'm ready."

Jimmy had by now removed his face from the area of my groin, "Hey," he said, "what about me, I just did all that work?"

"And for that you get my lovely ass all to yourself. Ready yourself; let me get these two guys started and then You'll have this beauty of an ass." I patted my round backside, "You just get ready to slide that lovely prick of yours of yours into the dark 

Page 10.

tunnel of my ass." I gave him my prettiest smile. I hoped he remembered to get the K-Y out of shirt pocket. I had slipped it into his pocket earlier. I usually had the jelly ready if I thought it might be needed.

It was time for me to get to work. "Before we begin, You got a bed in this apartment?" I asked Don.

He said yes and pointed to the door at the end of the corridor. I took hold of his and Ken's dongs, indicated with a nod of my head to Jimmy to come along, and we headed for the bedroom.

The room was a mess with clothes strewn everywhere, dirty magazines open on a table and sheets that weren't the cleanest I had ever seen. But, what the heck, it was time for me to go to work. 

I got sideways on the bed on my back, my head off the bed and hanging down (it was easier for me to deep throat a guy that way) and my legs spread wide and the other edge of the bed. I told Jimmy to wait a few seconds. Ken laid on top of me and slid his prick into my wet cunt. Good! Don stood behind my head and stuck his prick into my mouth. I lifted my legs and hung them onto Ken's shoulders, lifting my ass to where it was available to Jimmy. Almost ready to start now! Jimmy began to push his prick into my ass hold. Thank the lord for small favors: he had remembered to use the K-Y and his lubed prick slid in easily. All ready! And they all three of them began to saw inside of me. If you want to know, this little gang bang isn't the greatest way for a girl to get off, it's too much and I couldn't really concentrate the way I need to on any one of the pricks. Also, because Ken was pressing his body on mine and because my arms were spread wide, I couldn't rub my clit. But, well, you do what you can!
