 During my whole life, I have been attracted by women some people like to call sluts. I like to call them goddesses. My first encounter with one of those goddesses was when I was 18. Here's what happened.

It was my senior year in high school, and as it is with every red blooded male, I was very much into sex. I had had my share of girls until then, and wasn't exactly what you call a virgin. My girlfriend at that time was a sweet girl from my neighborhood, and although I thought I loved her, she was somehow too timid regarding sex. Of course, we did have sex at least twice a week, and she seemed to enjoy it, but whenever I proposed something out of the ordinary, she used to become really icy, trying to distract me from whatever "perversion" I was trying to convince her of.

One night in December, me and my girlfriend were invited to a party at my friend Jim's house. He had been one of my best friends all through high school, and it seemed to be quite a good idea to have a party at his place, since his parents were often out of town, and he knew lots of girls I had never seen before. 

We arrived at his house, and the party was already in full swing. Although it was a chilly night, most girls were wearing either mini-skirts or really, really short hot pants. Of course, the only girl that didn't succumb to this kind of disgrace was my girldfriend, who was wearing jeans and a conservative blouse. 

We were greeted by Jim, and he told us where the booze was at, und soon left us to roam the house by ourselves. It was one of those really impressive mansions, with every kind of gimmick you can imagine. Pool, billiard-room, large TV room and all that.

My girlfriend soon found one of her friends from high school, so I slowly made my way alone to the dance floor. Lots of people were already plastered, and shaking wildly to the music of some untalented bubblegum pop star, and although I never liked that music, seeing girls in mini skirts gyrating their hips to this sound, made it possible for me get used to this kind of musical perversion.

While looking over the dance floor, one girl especially caught my eye. She had blonde hair, bleached to a state where you don't really know if her hair is blonde or white. Her face wasn't particularly beautiful, but she was cute in a schoolgirl kind of way. Dark blue eyes, pouty lips and a tongue that seemed to be constantly licking over her teeth, made her face a place just perfect for dick. And of course, her body was absolutely divine. Her large, slightly sagging tits, were barely covered by a little white top, and due to the fact that her nipples sticked out like pieces of rubber, it was obvious she didn't wear a bra. Her belly had a slight layer of fat over it, but that just added to the image of an ancient goddess of fertility. Wide hips and big round butt, only covered by very tight, very short hot pants, completed that image.

Now, I don't want you to get a wrong impression. Although she had a very voluptuous body, she was by no means fat or chubby. Everything was in the right place, in the right proportion, there was just a little bit more of everything.

Seeing her moving that body to the rhythm of the music, gyrating her hips against the guy she was dancing with, and throwing seductive glances at him, made me really hot. I could definitely make out her slit, since her hot pants seemed to have an affinity to her pussy like a starving man to a piece of fried chicken. Once again, the lack of an undergarment was painfully obvious. Painfully because by now I sported a raging hard on, which was really difficult to conceal inside my rather loose fitting jeans. 

I decided to ask my friend Jim if he knew who she was, and when I found him, sucking on the mouth of a girl I didn't think was his girlfriend, I demanded he tell me who this sex pot was. 

Jim laughed, and said: "You don't know who that is? It's Tricia, she goes to Eastern high, and that guy you saw her with was probably one of her boyfriends." 

"One of her boyfriends, what exactly is that supposed to mean?", I asked.

"Well, she's not exactly a nun, that's what it's supposed to mean. To tell you the truth, she is probably the only girl who managed to get pregnant twice before the age of sixteen, and couldn't even pin the guys who did it, because she'd probably done all of Springfield by then! I know a guy who participated in a gangbang with her, at the time she was about seven months pregnant. Now that's what I call a real fuck slut!"

I couldn't believe my ears, and the hard-on I had about two minutes ago, was not a hard on anymore, but a steel rod, by mistake put inside my pants instead of my dick. It was painful even to move my body, and while I saw Jim returning to sucking the girls mouth, I found myself a place to sit down. Thoughts were racing through my head, and I felt kind of dizzy. What a slut, I thought to myself over and over. Pregnant gangbang, that must have been the horniest thing I had ever heard of until that day. Suddenly, I heard someone saying my name:

"John, hey, John!"

It was my girlfriend.

"Uhh, yeah. Hey baby, what's up?" I asked nonchalantly, trying to distract her view from my crotch.

"Listen, Sherry has this video of her mum's wedding at home, and I really want to see what her dress looked like, so I think we'll just hit the road, and I'll crash at her place. Is that alright with you?" she asked.

"Of course, baby, that's fine. I'll find a few friends to party with, I'll se you tomorrow then" , I answered, not believing the luck I was having. With my girlfriend gone, I was now free to try my luck with a few other girls, probably even that sexpot named Tricia. 

My girlfriend gave me a peck on the cheek, and waved goodbye, before disappearing in the crowd, trying to make her way out of this great party to watch a video of a wedding. Well, different strokes, for different folks.

Feeling free, with my erection having subsided a little during that conversation, I considered my next moves. First of all, I was going to get a drink. 

I got up, and made my way to the kitchen. After winding my way through dozens of couples making out, I reached the kitchen door. I opened the swing doors, and was presented with a beautiful view. On the large kitchen table was a girl on her back with her skirt up to her waist, and another girl was kneeling between her thighs, lapping at a hairless cunt, which was wet with gooey cunt juice. It took ma about a tenth of a second to realize, that the girl snacking on the other teenie's vadge was Tricia. Her shorts had ridden up all the way into her asscrack, exposing two beautiful globes of flesh. Seeing this girl I just a few minutes before heard was having gangbangs when pregnant, eating out another beautiful specimen of her own sex, was like having eaten twenty pills of Viagra at the same time.

I had to lean against the counter in the middle of the large kitchen, and by doing so, I accidentally kicked a glass off the counter. The glass shattered, and I thought the show would be over now. But the girls not even turned their heads. The brunette on the kitchen table was still moaning in pleasure, and Tricia kept feasting on her beautiful, shiny cunt. Wow, I thought, they are really engrossed in that little act. 

So I kept looking at them, and when I saw that the one girl was nearing a climax, bucking her hips wildly at Tricia's mouth, I decided to become a little bit more daring. I slowly walked over to them, and saw that the girl being licked, had her little tits exposed, and was pulling hard at her large, erect nipples. Her eyes were closed in a state of bliss, and I then realized that Tricia had noticed me. She was looking up at me with her pretty blue eyes, her mouth shiny with the girl's juices. Suddenly she smiled, and motioned with her one hand to come closer. So I did.

I kneeled behind her, and while she resumed to lick up and down the girl's slit, flicking her clit once in a while, I started stroking her back. Her skin was soft and smelled of peaches, and while kissing the back of her neck, I inhaled her odor, making me dizzy for a moment. I quickly recovered, and slowly traced her back down to the beginning of her bubbly butt with my tongue. My hands were gliding over her hips, and slowly made their way up to her still covered tits. I pressed myself on her, and cupped the undersides of her ample tits, letting the feel of her soft, warm breasts sink in. It felt like heaven, and I couldn't even imagine a better feeling. I was quickly convinced that there could be, because when I slid my hands under her top, searching for her nipples with my fingers, I felt her hand, searching my thighs, and after finding them, suddenly grabbing my package. I gasped, and quickly stroked over her long, hard nipples, making her moan into her girlfriends pussy. 

I became more and more daring, pinching her nipples, and pressing her fat tits against her body, and her moans were still those of pleasure. By now she had found a way of sliding one hand inside my pants, and was stroking and squeezing my big hard dick. Her girlfriend was still having orgasm after orgasm, and I think she hadn't even noticed me by then. He cunt was oozing juice, and if it weren't for Tricia's hungry slut mouth, there would have been a puddle the size of Lake Michigan.

I kept working on her tits with one hand, and the other quickly found it's way between Tricia's shapely thighs. I didn't even have to touch the area of her pussy, before noticing the immense heat emanating from her cunt, which was by now reeking of sex, once again putting me in a state of weariness, as if drugged by a powerful tranquilizer. When I touched her pussy through her soaked hot pants, it felt as if I was touching a sponge, the wetness soon covering my whole hand. Tricia moaned loudly while licking her girlfriends slit, and I knew what I had to do. 

I stood up, and motioned for Tricia to do the same. She did, but kept eating out the girl, thus already bending over when standing. That was perfect. Seeing her ass now standing up was so heavenly, I thought I would faint, if it weren't for the hot piece of hard steel in my pants. Without much hesitation, I pulled down Tricia's hot pants, causing her to groan again, totally exposing both her holes. Because of the way she was standing, her full globes were already a little spread, and her asshole was as visible as her shaven cunt. Cunt juice had oozed out of her pussy, and had made her asshole as shiny as her pussy. I let my hands roam over her backside, and with one smooth move, I slid two fingers deep into her glistening pussy. Tricia moaned and wiggled her butt, causing my fingers to stir deep within her, which triggered another cry of pleasure from her mouth. 

Suddenly I noticed she had stopped licking her girlfriend, who was by now sitting up a little and looking at us both with dreamy eyes, glazed over with the look of freshly fucked young slut. Tricia looked back at me, and said: "Lick me baby, lick my shiny cunt. I want to feel your tongue all over me, okay?" I didn't hesitate a second, and got to my knees. Tricia pushed her butt even more into my face, and I let my tongue explore her wet cunt. I slowly traced her pink slit, trying to push my tongue in as deep as possible, while flicking her now huge clit with my fingers. "Ohh God, yeah, baby, lick me, tongue fuck my slutty cunt, please!!!!!", Tricia screamed.

I noticed the girl in the mini skirt turning around on the table, exposing her pretty little butt to us, and Tricia was soon licking all over her girlfriends butt. That was such a turn on, that I started to masturbate with one hand, and started tracing with a finger of my other hand Tricia's little asshole. Her reaction was immediate: "Oh yesss, finger my butt, push your finger in deep, please do my assole!" she shrieked. I obliged, and while still licking her beautiful and tasty cunt, I pushed my finger in, feeling her tight butthole squeezing my finger as if it were a cock she wanted to milk. I felt the insides of her ass wrapping around my digit, the warmth and tightness being a number one turn on for me. Of course my girlfriend had never let me have anal sex with her or stick a finger up her butt, so that was the ultimate thing I dreamt off. 

Meanwhile, Tricia had her tongue between the other girl's asscrack, feverishly pushing her tongue inside the tight little anus. She used both her hands to spread the girl's cheeks as wide as possible, pushing her tongue with such a force, that it seemed as if she was stabbing the girl's butthole with her tongue. If you haven't yet seen a girl sticking her tongue up another girl's ass, then you have missed something in life. Half an hour before, I hadn't even known this beauty, now I saw her giving another girl pleasure in the naughtiest kind of way.

I hadn't been lazy either, and was about to add another to finger to Tricia's asshole, and despite the rumor that she was as easy as a grade school math equation, her asshole was tight as a vice. I pushed hard, and heard Tricia moan loudly, encouraging me to push even harder. Suddenly I had both my fingers in to the hilt, and her asshole felt like it was stretched to the limit. "Oh, yes, you horny stud, finger my tight little slut ass, I want to feel your fingers deep in my bowels, ahhhh!!", Tricia groaned. My tongue was meanwhile tracing her slit up to the crack of her ass, and before I knew it, I was rimming her tight asshole. I never knew that an asshole could taste that good, and while licking and nibbling everything I could, my fingers began moving faster inside Tricia's ass. I felt her asshole slightly loosen up, and decided to try another finger.

I once again noticed how Tricia worked on the girl's ass, and to my amazement saw how she slid two fingers of each hand inside the girl's asshole, stretching it wide open, so she could accommodate her tongue even deeper into the girl's dirty ass. Her girlfriend had a pained expression on her face, and if it weren't for the juice her pussy was oozing continually, I'd bet she was in real pain and not pleasure.

"Fuck my ass now, you stud. Fuck my big slutty ass.", Tricia suddenly said. With a pleasure, I thought, and pulled my fingers out of her sweet asshole. I freed my dick completely from its confines, and while holding Tricia's soft hips, I positioned my dick at her now loosened and glistening asshole. I pushed forward, and slowly the head of my dick pushed open her tight backdoor. Tricia moaned, and pushed her ass at me, trying to get my dick in deeper. She really was like a bitch in heat. I pushed harder, but her asshole was really tight. "Ohh, god, your big dick is splitting me in two, it hurts sooo bad!", Tricia screamed, but kept pushing her ass towards me. I didn't even care by then what she was saying, I just concentrated on getting my hard dick inside this tight little asshole. 

After a forceful push, my head suddenly popped in, triggering a high pitched scream from Tricia. It seemed as if it was all she could take, but suddenly I felt more pressure on my dick, realizing she was flexing her anus, trying to suck me in deeper. That, of course, did it to me. With one, very hard thrust, I pushed my dick in as far is it would go. This was too much for Tricia. She fell forward onto her girlfriends body and screamed so loud I thought I may have hurt her anus. But her face betrayed her screams, pleasure was written all over it. So I started pumping into her like a madman, her anus getting loosening up more and more. "Yeah, fuck my tight ass……loosen up my little asshole………I want all of your dick inside me…AAAHHHH!", Tricia screamed.

"You want me to fuck you hard, baby? You want my hard dick in your slutty asshole, you dirty little bitch?", I said

"Oh yes, fuck my little teen-slut ass, come on, I want you to violate me, you horny bastard!", she moaned, while rapidly pushing her big ass onto my dick. That did it for me: "Where do you want my cum, you little bitch?" "Come in my ass, please shoot your hot cum in my ass!"

And so I did. With a final hard push as deep inside her ass as I could, I started coming. Spurt after spurt shot into her hot bowels, making her moan in delight. I pulled out and she turned around, got to her knees, and started to lick clean my dick. "Oh, you little slut, you like to clean my dick after it was in your asshole?", I said

"Yeah, baby, I really like to taste my own ass mixed with your cum!", she cooed, taking my dick all the way down her throat.

Meanwhile, the other girl had placed her face directly behind Tricia's ass and began licking my cum out of Tricia's gapping asshole. Tricia began to moan, and I grabbed her head and fucked her mouth and almost came again at the sight of those two little sluts.

Suddenly Tricia began to buck her hips, and with a loud moan, she announced her climax. When she came, juice flooded out of her pussy onto the tiled floor of Jim's kitchen. 

That's when I realized I still was at a party, and for the first time saw the spectators, about twenty of them, who started clapping and cheering when Tricia's climax had subsided.

I was dumbfounded, but Tricia just smiled, gathered her clothes, took the other girl by the hand, and while walking by me, said: "Hey, that was pretty good, maybe we'll se each other soon!"

I was a little bit embarrassed, and luckily the crowd dispersed just after Tricia had left. I got my pants on, and saw Jim coming up to me. "Hey man, that was quite a show, I told you she's a cheap slut!", he said, and winked at me.

"But you didn't tell me she digs girls too ", I said, " who his her girlfriend?"

"Hehe, I don't know about the girlfriend part, I just know that she's her younger sister!", Jim laughed and left me standing there alone.

That's when I knew that I had to see this little sexpot again.

To be continued...