 Barbara had finally decided that her life with John just wasn't exciting enough for her. It wasn't as though he wasn't a good man. He treated her okay, never abusing her or anything, just no excitement anymore. She wanted and needed more than he was providing. She had been so exciting in her youth, before she met and married John. They had talked about it, more than once. And John hadn't expressed any reservations about expanding their lives a bit, so to speak. But he also hadn't really done anything to make a difference, either. Well, Barbara had decided to do that on her own. She couldn't believe that she would take such a step. But she wanted to feel differently, more free, more open, more, more, more like one of the sluts as she thought about them in the romance books that she read. And the other books, too.

She was a small woman, only 5'2" tall, but her long, red hair hung down to her waist in the back. Her 36-inch breasts had always turned the eye of any man, and with her narrow waist and slender, shapely legs, she knew she had what it took. The only problem was that John just wasn't taking as much as she wanted him to. She always felt horny, even after John would be so inclined as to give her some attention. They had only been married 5 years and he acted like he was bored with her already.

Well, she wanted more and she was determined to get it. Tonight would be a real ice breaker. Tuesday nights John and four of his friends, Al, Fred, Bill, and Harry, all played poker. Each night at one of their homes. Tonight it was John's turn to host and Barbara had decided that she was going to be the hostess, the one with the mostest, so to speak. So tonight Barbara had dressed differently than in the past. Tonight she put on a very short skirt with only a g-string under it. That combined with an old-man t-shirt that she had borrowed from John and a pair of high-heeled shoes were it, instead of the usual, demure clothing that she wore. When John saw how she was dressed, his eyes opened wide. This was really different for Barbara.

"What's up?" he asked.

"I'm just bored," Barbara replied. "I've told you. Well, I've decided not to be bored tonight. I need some excitement."

"I hope you know what you're doing," John said. "That t-shirt leaves nothing to the imagination."

"I'm surprised you even noticed," Barbara retorted, "as little attention as you pay to me."

"I notice plenty," John said. "Like your nipples are getting hard because you're mad and also excited," he said. "And they'll be here any minute. You should go change."

"I won't," Barbara said. "If you don't want me here, you say so, otherwise I'm willing to take my chances."

Just then the doorbell rang and their discussion became a moot point. Barbara moved to open the door and the four poker players were all there.

"Hi, guys. Come on in," Barbara said, opening the door and standing aside.

They came in, their eyes fixing on Barbara's breasts, her nipples hard and straining against the material. Barbara then turned and walked back to the kitchen, swinging her hips as she went, knowing that all of their eyes were glued to her ass. She came out of the kitchen, a smile on her face, with beers for everyone, serving them as they all sat down at the table. They all bought their $20 worth of chips and settled down to play poker. The whole time Barbara served them, getting them more beer, chips to munch on, et cetera. She took every opportunity to lean over, letting her breasts drape down towards the table or man she was talking to as she served him.

After a couple of hours, John's luck really turned against him and he ended up with no chips in front of him and the hand not over yet, his call, and no money to bet.

"Shit, I don't have any more chips," John lamented.

"You know the rules," Al said. "We play with what we bring to the table with us."

"What about me, do I count?" Barbara asked, smiling at them.

"What do you mean?" Al asked.

"Well, I sort of came to the table with John. Can I put in for him?" she asked.

"You don't have any chips," Fred observed.

"Well, do I have to bet chips?" Barbara asked, almost trembling with excitement.

"What do you have in mind?" Fred asked, staring at her.

"Well, how much does John need?" she asked.

"Right now he needs about $3," Bill said.

"What would you do if you had $3?" Barbara asked John.

"Shit, I'd raise them," he replied. "I'd make it $5."

"$5," Barbara said, standing up straight. "Would you take my skirt or shirt for the $5?" she heard herself ask.

"What?" Bill said. "You mean it?"

"Sure I do," Barbara said. "How about it? Whoever wins it can use it to bet. It'll be worth $5, won't it?"

"Hell, I don't mind," Bill said with a laugh. "Any of you mind?" he asked, looking around the table. "What about you, John?" Bill asked. "Don't you mind?"

"He couldn't care less," Barbara said before John could say anything. "So, which do you want?"

"Well, since it's my bet that he has to call, you can take off your t-shirt and use it for the $5," Bill said.

"Is your hand worth this?" Barbara asked John.

"I think it's a good hand," John replied. "But it's up to you," he said, looking at her, wondering how far she was going to take this.

"Then here it is," Barbara said, pulling her t-shirt off over her head and tossing it into the middle of the table.

Barbara loved the way everyone's eyes went to her breasts and stayed there. She felt her nipples get even harder, something she would have thought was impossible. They showed their cards and John won. Everyone groaned as he swept the chips and t-shirt in front of himself. But he made no effort to give Barbara her shirt back. They continued to play and Barbara moved around the table standing behind and next to each of them in turn, leaning forward and letting her breasts sometimes brush against their cheeks.

Then the game got to the point where John had all of his chips in the center, and her t-shirt also, but the bet was to him and he had no chips left.

"$4 to call?" John asked, knowing the answer before he did so.

"That's right," Harry said, a smile on his face.

"I don't have $4," John said, a grim look on his face. "I'm tapped out."

"Hell, what about Barbara?" Harry said with a laugh.

"What about me?" Barbara asked, her hands on her hips and her nipples standing straight out.

"John needs $4," Harry explained, "just to stay in the game."

"You have a good hand?" Barbara asked John, leaning against him, her breasts brushing his cheek.

"Good enough," John replied, smiling at the others.

"How much do you need?" Barbara asked.

"$10," John replied.

"Is my skirt worth $10?" Barbara asked, looking at Harry.

"I'd go for that," Harry agreed, nodding.

"Then here's your $10," Barbara said to John, reaching behind herself and unzipping her skirt, letting it slowly fall to the floor before bending over to pick it up and hand it to John.

"Here's your $4 and $6 more," he said, not even glancing at Barbara.

But the other four men were looking only at Barbara, their cocks hardening in their pants as she stood there in only her g-string and high heels now.

"Jesus," Al breathed, staring at the thin wisp of material that was scrunched in between Barbara's pussy lips.

Barbara seemingly absent-mindedly let her hand drop down to her pussy, gently stroking and rubbing her exposed pussy lips. All of the men at the table with the exception of John had their eyes glued to her.

"Well, you going to call me?" John asked Harry.

"The skirt's not enough," Harry said hoarsely. "I'm playing with my own money."

"I don't have any more money at the table," John said. "You know that and you know the rules we play by. You've got all her clothes already, for Christ's sake."

"Not all of it," Harry barely whispered.

"What the..." John began, turning in his seat to finally look at Barbara. "Jesus," he exclaimed, "aren't you wearing anything under your clothes?"

"What do you want me to do?" Barbara asked sweetly, her fingers still gently stroking her pussy lips, the material of her g-string wet between them.

"You take the rest?" John asked Harry, turning back to face him.

"Yeah, I'll take it," Harry said, nodding his head, beads of sweat on his forehead.

"Go on, give it to him," John said to Barbara.

"Okay," Barbara said, "if you're sure about it."

Slowly Barbara walked around the table to where Harry was sitting. Standing in front of him, she continued stroking herself as she stood with her pussy just scant inches from his face. Then slowly hooking her fingers in the waistband of her g-string, Barbara began to inch it downwards, slowly sliding it down and exposing herself to Harry. As the material passed over the thatch of red hair over her pussy, it then slid over her smoothly shaved lips which were parted in excitement, her clit prominently sticking out from between them. As her g-string fell to the floor, Barbara bent over to pick it up, giving Al a great view of her pussy from behind, her pussy lips spreading open right in front of his face. Then lifting a foot to bring it to her hand, Harry saw her pussy lips spread wide, giving him an unobstructed view of the interior of her pussy. He even saw a dribble of pussy juice slide from her pussy down the inside of her thigh.

"All right already," John said. "I've got three 4s," he declared, turning his cards over.

"I've got three 7s," Harry said, revealing his cards and then sliding all of the chips and Barbara's skirt and g-string over to his side of the table.

"Shit," John said. "What am I going to play with now?"

"Why don't you use me as your chips?" Barbara suggested, smiling at him. "That is if everyone else doesn't mind."

"And what happens when someone other than John wins the hand?" Fred asked.

"Well, I guess that person gets me," Barbara replied.

"What good does that do us?" Fred persisted.

"Well, I guess 5 minutes with me should be worth something," Barbara said, letting her hands slide along her body, cupping her breasts and squeezing her nipples.

"And we can do anything we want?" Al asked.

"As long as you're reasonable," Barbara answered, glancing at John to see how he was reacting.

But John was only staring at the piles of chips in front of everyone but himself. It was like he didn't even hear Barbara's offer.

"What do you think?" Barbara asked, letting a finger slide between her pussy lips and come out glistening.

"I'm game," Fred said, a smile on his face.

"Me, too," Al agreed.

"Sounds okay to me," Harry said.

"Okay with me," Bill said.

"Well, what do you think?" Barbara asked John. "Do you still want to play?"

"Just deal the cards," John growled. "We'll see who wins what."

So the cards were dealt with Barbara standing there naked except for her shoes, her nipples hard and her pussy so wet everyone in the room could smell her excitement. The hand ended with Bill winning, and as he pulled the chips in the middle of the table towards himself, Barbara moved around the table to stand next to him.

"I guess you win me," she said to Bill, a smile on her face as her finger continued to slide up and down between her pussy lips. "What would you like?"

"I'd like to eat that pussy of yours, I think," Bill said, looking at her, only glancing at John to see how he was reacting.

"Oooh, that sounds nice," Barbara said, bringing her wet finger up to her mouth and lightly sucking on it. "What should I do?" she asked.

"How about sitting right here in front of me?" Bill suggested, sliding his chair back a bit.

"Now I really feel like a poker chip," Barbara laughed as she sat on the edge of the table facing Bill, her knees apart so that he could see her pussy.

"Why don't you lay back," Bill suggested, putting a hand on each of her knees and pressing them apart.

Barbara leaned back on her elbows, wanting to watch. Al and Harry each took one of her knees and held them apart, as wide as they would go without causing her any discomfort. She watched with her breath held as Bill leaned over and stuck his tongue right into her pussy. She gasped when she felt him glue his mouth to her pussy, sucking the whole thing in as his tongue continued to plunge in and out of her hole.



Barbara lay back on the table, her head hanging off the other side as Bill continued to eat her pussy. She was staring right up at John's face, a smile on it as he watched his friend eating her. Slowly he stood up, then unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock, dropping it into her open and very willing mouth. Barbara felt John's cock quickly grow to full size in her mouth as she sucked on him. The other men were watching in shock as she sucked John while Bill ate her pussy.

Quickly she had John's entire 10" of cock stuffed down her throat while Bill was eating her to orgasm. She was squeezing John's balls and fingering his asshole while she sucked on him. Bill's tongue in her pussy was finally proving too much for her and she felt her pussy spasm as she began to cum, his lips wrapped around her clit. She pumped John's cock like crazy as she came, almost crying out it felt so good. Then just as her own orgasm began to subside, John's cock swelled even bigger in her mouth and then a blast of cum was shooting into her mouth.

Barbara eagerly gulped at John's cum, swallowing it as fast as he filled her mouth. She sucked him and licked his cock until there was no more cum, sucking the last little bit out of the slit at the end. Bill had finished sucking her pussy and now Al and Harry each helped her to sit up, a huge smile on her face.

"Well, that was sure nice," Barbara said. "And John didn't even win the hand. You'd have thought I did."

"Let's deal the cards then," Fred said.

Helping Barbara down off the table, they all took their seats and the cards were dealt. Nobody said a thing as they played. There was no betting, no chips. They all knew what they were playing for. Barbara watched them with a smile on her face. She couldn't believe what a slut she was being. She had never done anything like this in her entire life, yet here she was, prancing around a poker table naked, waiting to see who would win the hand so she could have sex with him, or them, or maybe all of them, she thought, her nipples getting harder at the thought and her pussy getting wet again.

This time Al won the hand, a big smile on his face. Barbara walked around the table to him, her whole body tingling. She knew this was going to be good.

"I think I'll fuck you," Al said, standing up and undoing his pants. "But suck me a bit first to get me nice and ready," he said, letting his cock out.

With a big grin on her face Barbara dropped to her knees and took Al's cock in her hand, feeling the warmth of it as she gently squeezed him. When she saw a drop of pre-cum forming at the slit, she opened her mouth and let her tongue slide out to softly lick the underside of the head of his cock, ending up stuck in the slit as her lips closed around it and she gently sucked. Al groaned as he felt Barbara open her mouth and let his entire cock slide into her throat, not stopping until every inch of it had disappeared in her mouth.

As everyone watched Barbara began to slide up and down on Al's cock, sucking him. By now he was very hard and didn't want to cum in her mouth, yet, so regretfully he reached down and stopped her, helping her to her feet with his cock standing out in front of him.

"You can just lay on the table again," he said, helping her up. "Hold her legs more towards her head this time," Al said to Harry and Fred, who were reaching for her legs to help.



As they spread her legs apart and up towards her head, Barbara's pussy and asshole were totally exposed, her pussy lips spread apart and her clit sticking out prominently. Al leaned down and sucked on her pussy for a moment, sticking his tongue up inside of her. Then he slid his tongue from her pussy to her asshole, rimming her and probing at her rosebud for a moment before sliding back up and sticking his tongue back in her pussy. Then he stood up and positioned his cock at the entrance to her hole. Leaning forward his cock slowly sank into her wet and ready pussy.

Barbara groaned with delight as Al's cock filled her pussy. She lay back, enjoying the sensation as he slowly began to fuck her. She saw John sitting there, a smile on his face and his cock in his hand, hard again, watching as Al fucked her on the table. She reached for him, pulling him to his feet and opening her mouth to suck his cock again. The cock in her pussy only made it better as she began to suck John's cock again, knowing he wouldn't cum very easily and that she would get to suck him for a while.

Al was banging away at her pussy, fucking her as hard as he could. And Barbara was loving it as she sucked John's cock. Two cocks were sure nice. Al couldn't last very long and all too soon, as far as she was concerned, he moaned and slammed into her, his cock pulsating as it shot spurt after spurt of cum deep inside her pussy. She clamped down on his cock with her pussy muscles, milking him as she continued to suck John's cock. Slowly she felt Al's cock slide from her pussy and she knew some of their cum was dribbling onto the table, too. Reluctantly releasing John's cock, Barbara allowed them to help her to a sitting position and then off the table.

It was absolutely quiet as they dealt the cards, playing the hand in total silence as they decided who was going to have her next. It was close, but Al won the next hand, too. There was some grumbling from the losers who would have to wait for a chance to win a hand so that they, too, could have a turn with her. But Al smiled, shaking his head.

"I'm still too wasted from the last time," he said. "I'll win another hand later."

"What do we do now?" Fred asked, the one who had almost won the hand.

"We could cut the cards," Harry suggested.

"Why don't you all just take turns," Barbara suggested, feeling herself blush. "That would be fair, wouldn't it?"

"All of us?" Harry asked, his eyes glazing.

"If you want," Barbara said, nodding. "I'd sure like it. All these cocks. So nice."

"Hell, I'd love to fuck you," Fred said. "But I'd like to eat your pussy first."

"That sounds real nice, Fred," Barbara said. "Why don't you go first, then?"

"All right!" Fred exclaimed as Barbara sat up on the edge of the table, spreading her thighs wide apart.

"Go on, suck my pussy for me, Fred," Barbara implored, gently rubbing her clit with a finger. "Suck all of that cum from my pussy so it will be nice and ready for your cock."

The rest of them watched as Fred dove into Barbara's swampy pussy, licking and sucking as he gobbled the cum cocktail that was there. Barbara held a hand lightly around the back of his head, looking down between her breasts to see Fred's tongue sluicing in and out of her pussy. A shaved pussy was so nice for so many reasons, she thought as he sucked her. Then he stopped, standing up, his cock out in front of him. Al and Harry held her knees, holding them back against her chest almost as her pussy and asshole opened up for Fred.

Fred stepped forward, rubbing his cock in her pussy, getting it nice and wet in her juices that were already flowing. Then he pressed forward, burying his cock deep inside her pussy. Barbara gasped as she felt another cock slide into her pussy, filling her again. Barbara lay her head back again, hanging off the edge of the table. John was still sitting there slowly stroking himself as he watched yet another of his friends fucking his wife. When Barbara reached for him, John got to his feet, standing close so that Barbara could suck his cock again.



So while Barbara got fucked, she sucked John's cock, swallowing it completely as his hips gently moved back and forth as he fucked her face. It wasn't long before Fred groaned and clutched at her breasts as his cock began to spew forth its load of cum into her pussy. Barbara tried to concentrate on milking his cock as he came, not letting up for a second on John's cock in her mouth. She felt Fred's cock slowly slide from her pussy, then another cock was pushing into her and she felt herself filled once again. Looking, Barbara saw that it was Harry who was now pumping himself into her, sliding back and forth in her well-lubricated hole. By now Barbara was cumming constantly, a never-ending orgasm as she got fucked by one after another of John's friends until she found Bill standing between her thighs again for a second go-round.
