 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex than they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced, so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

I am not sure what woke me up. It could have been Jocelyn's very sexy purring snore or it could have been Keli's hand stroking my hardon in her sleep. Didn't matter, I had to take a piss. So I carefully slid out from between my goddesses and headed for the bathroom. I looked back as I went in and Keli had slid over and was now spooning with Jocelyn. Damn that made my hard throb.

While pissing I noticed that I was a sticky mess from the residue of our pleasures. A shower was in order. While waiting for the water to warm up, I looked in the mirror, stared at the bloodshot eyes staring back at me and asked myself, 'How did all this start?'

I climbed into the shower and as I let the hot water wash away my sins, or at least the lube and the bodily fluids we had exchanged, I let my mind wander back over 20 years ago.

It really started with my father. A successful businessman, he would always say he was just a salesman. But he was THE salesman that they talked about in the jokes about being able to "sell shoes to a snake" or "refrigerators to Eskimos". It was a little over 20 years ago that he discovered the Internet. He got an idea but didn't know how to implement it. Mom suggested he talk to his brother, my uncle. 

That was the year I turned 17. It was a momentous year. Dad busted his brother out of the institution he was being kept in and they started a business. Mom died suddenly of a hidden heart defect that surprised us all. I lost my virginity to one of the girls in my high school, probably as a mercy fuck. And I found out why my uncle had been institutionalized.

My uncle was a mess. My grandfather decided to trade my grandmother in on a newer model when he turned 80. The new model turned out to be 22. My uncle came along 10 months later. As an unfortunate side effect of that Early March-Late December union, my uncle turned out to be a low achieving autistic that couldn't function in society and was institutionalized. His one redeeming quality was that he was an idiot savant when it came to computers.

My father busted him out and set up a company for the two of them. Three months of building software and they launched. Three months after that, they sold the company for a half a billion dollars. By then my Dad and my uncle had already formed their second company. It sold for a billion and a half dollars before it even launched. Round three, Dad decided to take public and they were worth a billion and a half each when the stock stopped bouncing. It has only gone up from there.

His fourth business venture with my uncle came just before the Internet boom went bust, which pretty much summed up what happened to my father. It was just before my 21st birthday. The company launched to amazing acclaim. The next day my father found out that the pain in his gut wasn't an ulcer. Three weeks later I was signing papers in his lawyer's office to settle his estate and finalize the funeral arrangements.

Surprisingly, my uncle was there at the funeral. He had his body guard and his "attendant" with him. I almost got half way through my eulogy for Dad when I melted down and had to go sit down. That was when my uncle said the only 5 words he has ever said to me, "I'll take care of you."

I didn't know what he meant until the morning of my 21st birthday. I was just cleaning up the puke that missed the toilet from the self-indulgent party I had the night before with myself and a bottle of my Mexican friend Jose. My head was screaming and I was trying to decide if more Jose was called for or if I should try to take to the streets for some stronger "medication". I had just thrown the paper towels out in the garbage can in the garage and was coming back into the house when I heard the knock on the door. "Shave and a Haircut, Two Bits," went my brain in time to the knock.

I moved to the door in unreasonably fast hangover speed and opened it. If that scene had been a cartoon, my eyes would have popped out of my head and gone rolling around the floor and my jaw would have dropped to the ground. I am still not sure that didn't happen.

Standing on my doorstep was the most gorgeous woman I had ever seen in my life. She had long chestnut hair flowing over a floral silken blouse that was only buttoned by the middle button. From the cleavage she was showing, she was stacked and there was no fucking possibility of a bra. She was wearing red short shorts and her legs went on forever. They ended in two dainty feet stuffed into silver sandals with at least three and a half inch heels. 

When my eyes eventually drifted up to her face, she spoke, "My name is Becca. I am a gift from your uncle. You are my Master and I am your servant. Please use me as you see fit. I am yours. I am your slut. I am a gift from your uncle."

I know my jaw was hanging open then, because she lifted one of her dainty hands and gently closed it for me. I didn't know what else to do, so I stood aside and held the door open for her. She took that as an invitation and came in.

My mouth took over without any help from my brain, which was good because my brain was vapor locked. "I was just going to get something to eat, would you like some lunch or something?" or words to that effect popped out of my mouth.

"Please let me fix you something to eat, Master," she said. "Where is the kitchen?"

"Down the hall past the dining room, on your left," I stammered.

I closed the door and turned back to the most amazing sight of Becca walking in those heels down the hall. She was so fucking gorgeous and here I was in a dirty rock band t-shirt and my basketball shorts that did nothing to hide the biggest and hardest hardon of my life.

I started to head for the kitchen when the doorbell rang. Not knowing what to expect, I was not prepared to see this huge guy standing next to a bunch of boxes and holding a clipboard. He shoved the clipboard at me and said, "Sign at the bottom." I did and handed it back. He handed me a copy. When I took it, he turned without another word and headed for the truck that was in the driveway and he was gone. 

That left me with 2 large cardboard wardrobes and a dozen smaller boxes. I opened one of the boxes and saw that it was women's clothing neatly packed inside. I closed the box back up and saw penciled on the side, "Becca".

I got the two wheeled dolly out of the garage and hauled all the boxes up to the spare bedroom across the hall from my room. Just as I finished, I heard Becca call out, "Lunch is prepared Master."

"Be there in a minute," I replied. After returning the dolly to the garage I went to the kitchen to wash my hands and smelled one of the most delicious meals I have ever smelled. I don't know where she found this stuff, but it looked amazing. I was going to just make for corn dogs or something.

"Where is your plate?" I asked.

"I will eat after the Master eats," she replied matter-of-factly.

I blew up at that point. I don't know why. Maybe it was the hangover. Or maybe it was the whole fucking weird situation. Or maybe it was just this whole master thing. Something just pissed me off. I yelled at her that I was nobody's master. My name was Bob and she needed to stop this whole "master thing". I cursed my uncle as a misogynistic prick. And as I wound down I felt really bad as her face clouded up and it looked like it was about to rain.

Softly she said, "Master does not like Becca?"

I walked over and stood in front of her. Picking up her hands I kissed the palms of each hand and then held them and kissed each finger. Looking into her beautiful blue eyes, for a second I just got lost in those eyes. Finally, I recovered and said more gently this time, "Becca, you are not a slave and I am not your master. I don't know what game my uncle is playing but if you are going to stay, there is no master here. I am just Bob, or when you are mad at me, and trust me you will be sooner or later, then I am Robert and if you can't remember that 'Hey You' works. Understand."

She nodded.

I continued, "Now get a plate and utensils for yourself and come sit with me and enjoy this wonderful meal you prepared."

"Yes Mas...Bob," she replied and then gathered a plate and silverware and placed it at the far end of the table.

"None of that missy," I said. "You are going to sit down here by me so we can talk and I can stare at you. You are way too beautiful to be stared at from afar."

She blushed and moved down to the chair I was pointing to.

The meal was as good as it smelled and she was gorgeous to look at. We passed the time with small talk.

When the meal was finished, she started to clean the table and I stopped her, "Uh-uh," I said. "While you were making this fabulous lunch, somebody dropped off some boxes with your name on them and I put them upstairs in the guest bedroom for you. So leave the dishes and I will clean up the kitchen. You go unpack."

She started to cloud up again. "You did not put me in your bedroom?" she asked. "Master does not like me?"

I chose my words very carefully. "I like you a lot, Becca. You are the sexiest woman I have ever seen. But I barely know you and before I jump into bed with you, I need to know you better. Plus this gives you your own space. Now go get unpacked and I'll be up in a little while to help."

I turned her shoulders towards the door and gave her butt a swat and said, "Go. Unpack. You are home now. And no more Master bullshit. Bob. Just Bob."

As soon as she stepped out of the kitchen I moved over to the kitchen sink and pulled my cock out. Just a few strokes and I shot my wad into the sink. She had gotten me so horny. With Becca sitting so close to me, just around the corner of the table, every time she moved that blouse would open up and show me that perfect breast. I had to send her out of the kitchen before I spewed in my shorts.

Gathering up the dishes and rinsing them removed the evidence of my indiscretion. 

Everything was rinsed and in the dishwasher in record time and I took the stairs two and three at a time.

I knocked on her door and asked, "May I come in?"

Yes, please...Bob," came the reply.

What I saw next was not what I was expecting. The boxes were mostly empty. The wardrobes were lying sideways on the floor empty. Becca was in the closet (this room had a walk-in closet). I could hear her in there hanging stuff up. 

The real shock was when she came out of the closet (literally, not figuratively). She was totally naked, except for the sandals.

I stood there paralyzed with my jaw hanging down. She was even more beautiful than I could possibly have imagined. Her arms and legs looked toned when she had clothes on, but when you could see the whole package, she was amazingly fit. She was perfection. I really felt like a slob.

She was apparently oblivious to her lack of clothing and my petrification. She walked over to the box on the bed and extracted a pair of yoga pants held them up to herself and shyly asked me, "Do you think these would be ok to wear out shopping for groceries?"

I groped for the ability to speak. "Groceries?" I croaked finally. 

"Yes, over lunch you mentioned that we could go get some groceries so I can cook better meals for you," she replied.

I just nodded dumbly. She threw the yoga pants on the bed and turned to pick out a floral shirt to match out of a different box and threw it on the bed. And that was went my world went upside down and sidewise.

Becca walked over to me and kissed me. It was the most tender and romantic kiss of my life to that point. And I was still frozen. She finally grabbed my hands and wrapped my arms around her and my hands fell to grab her ass. It felt awesome. 

I had a few girlfriends before this and we had done some stuff, but this was a whole other league. To be holding such a sexy, beautiful, naked woman in my arms, blew my mind. And then she cranked it up to 12.

While I was still trying to wrap my head around the fact of just holding her, she slid down my body and pulled my basketball shorts down and was face to face with my raging hardon. She took it in one hand and then gently kissed it and licked it and in a New York minute she was making love to my cock with her mouth and her hands.

I had a grand total of two blowjobs before this. Both of them were exciting and I blew my wad all over one girl's face and tits and the other ran to the bathroom to spit out my cum when I spewed in her mouth. But this, this was different. Becca was making love to my cock and she was amazingly good at it. She seemed to have psychic powers and knew when I was getting too close and she would back off and focus on my balls or kiss my thighs or stomach. She brought me to the edge many times. I think I had lost the ability to count at that point. 

Finally, she decided I'd had enough teasing and she slid my cock into her mouth and the combination of suction and her tongue swirling on the head of my cock launched me. I leaned back against the wall and felt the cum rush out of my balls and through my plumbing and into her mouth. Spurt after spurt I shot into her mouth until I felt myself blacking out from pleasure overload. 

When the world came back, I was flat on my back on the floor. Becca was straddling me. She had two fingers on my neck and I could feel my pulse under her fingers. 

"Master, are you ok?"

I lay there for a second and then replied with a gravelly voice, "I'm not your Master. I'm just Bob."

I felt water drip on my cheeks and opened my eyes to see her crying above me. I reached up to hug her and that had the unintended effect of pulling her down on top of my quickly recovering cock. That was not what I had intended but sometimes what is intended and what happens are two different things. 

She felt my cock and misunderstanding my actions, leaned into it and my cock slid right into her. She leaned further back and took all of me inside her. 

"Thank you master, thank you," she started saying as she showered my face with kisses. My cock continued to grow inside her especially when she started to ride it. 

Neither of us said anything, as long as you don't count moans, and grunts and groans. I slid my hands down and began to explore her body, which elicited a number of moans and a quickening of her pace. 

Finally she started to shake and let out a moaning scream as I felt her cunt milking my cock as I shot more cum deep into her. When it was done, she lay down on me began kissing my face again. I felt the drops again, but this time it was tears of joy.

We did eventually go out for groceries. 

Becca was the first of the "Sloppy Seconds" my uncle sent me. Caroline was next about three months later. Deidre came about four months after Caroline. By the time Elaine showed up, a pattern had emerged. My uncle in his infinite autistic wisdom was bedding women in alphabetical order and when he was done with them, sending them to me.

None of them could explain why they shacked up with him or why they put up with being sent to me and giving that horribly degrading message when they would appear on the doorstep.

I have done my best to rehabilitate them. For example, Becca is now Dr. Rebecca. I paid for her to go to college and she got her BS, MS and PhD in psychology. She is now my shrink and resident psychotherapist. I am not sure telling my story to anyone else would not get me arrested or thrown into the institution my uncle got busted out of. Plus she is a huge help in getting the ladies deprogrammed or whatever my uncle does to them.

Several of the ladies have taken my offer of education and have pursued various degrees. A lot of them have married and are mothers and wives and living normal lives. 

Once a year, I have a reunion and as many as can attend, all spend the weekend catching up and getting reacquainted. The last few years, I have had to hold it at one of the big hotels downtown because the cast has grown so large.

With that, I came back to now. I turned the shower off and dried myself. I looked in the mirror and again asked, "How did this all start?"

I must have said that out loud because Jocelyn answered from the doorway.

"It started just after you pumped my cunt full of your love juice this morning in the living room and there was a knock on the door. Now come to bed, we are getting cold."

I watched in the mirror as she turned and left. I shook my head and went back into the bedroom.

Keli had scooted over and was cuddling with Jocelyn, so I slipped in behind her. The silicon lube I had used to fuck her ass was still slippery so when I went to spoon her my cock nudged her back door. She reached back without waking up and slipped me inside. Not what I intended, but sometimes stuff happens. I reached over and cupped Jocelyn's breast and slipped into a dreamless sleep.