 Sometimes you have to struggle hard to get laid, and sometimes the sex just comes to you. I remember in my second year at Uni, my mate Greg and I went out for a night around the clubs in London. We knew our way around these places by that stage. The first place was pretty rough, but Greg and I were both in the karate club and had achieved black belt level, so we weren't worried too much by some of the more blatant male posturing going on. However, we didn't want to encourage a fight, and as the women weren't up to much we moved on to one that seemed more promising.

After about 1am these places become quite blatant flesh markets. We danced a bit, but mostly we just watched girls in various stages of undress, fuelled by large amounts of drink and often drugs. Favourite outfits seemed to consist of halter dresses open from neck to below the waist with little strips of cloth covering – or often not – their tits. Tiny frilly skirts designed to ride up during dancing, sitting down or standing up, and "fuck me" shoes; you know, ludicrously high heeled, open sandals with straps around the ankles and above. Oh – with big earrings, navel jewellery, loads of makeup and cheeky little thong panties. It seems that there's a competition to see who can get away with the least amount of clothing.

Two blondes came up to us and tried to chat us up. They were both on too many WKDs and probably an "E" each, and I was all for saying no. They were fit enough, but dead common; they both had tattoos and one had a tongue-piercing. The noise level in there meant that we all had to shout to be heard. I wasn't too keen, but Greg was fascinated, so we played a game with them, pretending we couldn't understand what they were saying. Eventually, one of them was yelling at us "COME - BACK - TO - OUR - PLACE - AND - FUCK - US!" Well, there's not a lot you can say to that, so that's what we did.

It seems they were hairdressers, and lived in a flat over the shop they worked in - one was the daughter of the owner, so it was a bit weird making our way through the salon and up into the flat. Once there, the girl with the pierced tongue - her name was Kelly - threw her coat over a chair, dropped to her knees and had my cock out and down her throat before you could say "but we haven't been introduced!" I have to say, she was bloody good. She was well equipped with slightly pouty lips and quite small teeth, so it was most definitely one of the better blow jobs I've experienced. 

The other girl - Rebecca, or "Becca" - meanwhile, had lifted her skirt to show her commando tendencies and was getting a pretty good pussy licking from Greg. 

I was all for reciprocating with Kelly, who had by now peeled off what there was of her top to show some pretty decent tits, with pierced nipples which are usually a turn-of for me. However, she seemed intent in throat-fucking me for all she was worth. Even when I told her that I'd cum if she carried on, she just slid my cock out of her mouth, held it while she licked it from balls to tip, then said (between licks) "That's wot I want, darlin'. I love sucking cock, an' I give the best fuckin' blow-jobs in this part o' London. Bet you'd love t' fuck my mouf 'til you shoot your cum right down my froat wouldn't ya?"

Well, who could resist? I took hold of her hair, which was quite short and spiky, shoved my cock back between her lips, and proceeded to treat her mouth like a very wet and open cunt. I wasn't gentle, but she didn't seem to mind. She just grabbed my bum and joined in the rhythm. The stud in her tongue felt strange but rather pleasant against my cock. After about a dozen thrusts I was done, and erupted right in the back of her throat. She coughed and spluttered a bit, slipped me out, then stood up and opened her mouth to proudly show me she'd swallowed all of my cum. So I kissed her - I think she was surprised that a guy would do that so soon after squirting cum in her mouth - and told her she was right, and that she had a fantastic technique.

I then undid her cheeky little mini skirt and let it drop to the floor. She grinned triumphantly as she stepped out of the soft ring of her skirt and posed in just her high heels. "Me knickers've bin in me 'andbag for hours - since just after we seen you two," she explained. "Becca don't wear none anyway, do you gel?" Becca was moaning increasingly loudly on Greg's tongue, and seemed in no state to reply. So I just kissed Kelly again, tasting my cum a bit on her tongue, before sweeping her up in my arms and lowering her onto an armchair. 

I pulled off the rest of my clothes, to cries of "Fuckin' 'ell, you're GOOO-GEOUS", and then started my usual caresses, trying to build her up slowly with some massage on her shoulders, arms, back, bottom and legs. She had other ideas. She just spread her legs about as wide as she could, dangling them over the arms of the chair and pushing her pussy towards me. She was freshly shaved, and I could easily see just how wet she was. She just looked at me and said "Eat me!" I was happy to oblige. I started around her pussy lips, then dipped my tongue into her cunt and did my best to fuck her with it. She seemed to appreciate this, grabbing the back of my head and pushing her pussy hard into my face. 

After a little while I was sucking and tonguing her pussy lips, and I had 2 fingers in her twat and another one up her bum. She was pretty delirious by then. Then I sucked her (quite large) clit between my lips and effectively gave it a blow job, lapping the tip whilst moving my head back from side to side to stimulate the sides and hood. She started coming and kept doing so for at least a minute. I could feel both her holes going into extended spasm, and the screams and moans must have woken half the neighbourhood.

Greg and Becca were watching us with some fascination. Greg was doing Becca doggy-style, bent over a chair and looking straight at Kelly and me. I wiped Kelly's juices off my face on her thighs and extracted my fingers from her holes. Her eyes were closed and her mouth open, so I rather cheekily stood up, leaned over her and slipped my semi-hard cock back in her mouth. Her eyes snapped open, and her hands came up to my hips even as I pushed deeper. She dutifully sucked, licked and deep-throated me back to full hardness in about 30 seconds. Then she pushed back on my hips so my cock slid out of her mouth. She slurped her tongue up my shaft, then said "cunt!"

"That's a nice thing to say to someone who's just made you come!" I grinned back at her. 

"Nah!" she said, "stick your cock UP my cunt. Now!" She reached into her handbag and pulled out her panties - a tiny black lace thong - and a 12-pack of condoms. As I stood there, she popped one over the end of my cock and used her mouth to roll it out along my shaft. She then released me again, inspected her handiwork (or rather mouth-work) and readopted her previous position, legs spread as wide as they'd go. "Now", she said, "Like I said - stick your cock up my cunt, you goo-geous bastard!" 

"And if I don't?", I asked mischievously. 

"I'll scream the fucking place down! Now come on - fuck me!"

"Judging by what I've already heard, you'll scream the place down either way!" I grinned back at her.

"Go on - fuck 'er" said Becca, breathlessly. "Wanna see 'er - AH! - getting fucked."

Greg was giving her the full treatment, mixing long and slow strokes with short, sharp stabs, teasing Becca's clit, and alternating rubbing her tits with pulling her hair. 

"Well - whatever the ladies want," I replied, put my hands on the arms of the chair and lowered my cock to the entrance of her pussy. I love to tease, so I just kept it there while Kelly squirmed. She pushed up to meet me, but I just wouldn't put more than an inch in. 

"You bastard!" she moaned through clenched teeth. "Stick it in! Fuck me! Fuck me hard, you bastard!" 

So I just pushed hard with my hips, and my cock sank right in. She cried out, and continued to do so as I gave her pussy a pounding. She wasn't the tightest I've had, but she knew how to use her muscles, and she also kept rubbing her clit against me every time I thrust in deep. 

I grabbed the cushion from behind Kelly, dropped it on the floor and knelt on it. This gave me greater control, and meant I could use my hands - my thumb on her clit, and my other hand (and mouth) on her rather nice tits. I could feel her coming again after only about a couple of minutes of this, assisted by Becca coming very loudly (with many an "Oh! Oh fuck!"), alongside us. 

That really triggered an avalanche of coming. After Becca, Greg came pretty quickly, then Kelly again - perhaps even louder than before. I held on for about another 30 seconds, after which I let go and let the pulsing in Kelly's cunt milk me off.

After we'd all recovered and had a drink - they only had alcopops in the fridge, which were frankly disgusting - we swapped partners. Becca wasn't quite as accomplished as Kelly at oral, but she was still pretty adequate. It seemed that both girls loved having their pussies licked, and were just as happy to do it to each other. Greg and I set them up in a 69 on one of the beds, with Becca on top of Kelly, then began fucking the girls while each licked the other girl's pussy and the cock that was fucking it. Every now and then one of us would pull out and get deep-throated by the other girl. It was pretty horny all round, so it was a good job that we'd all come already.

Greg was the first to lose it - he was the only one not to have come twice already - so Kelly's cunt ended up empty sooner than she'd hoped for. Greg made up for it by sticking several fingers up her and licking her from clit to arse, while Becca carried on lapping her pussy at the front. Within a few more minutes we were all well away again - first Becca, then Kelly, then me again.

After that, we fucked sporadically all night. Kelly was pretty insatiable, and Becca was almost as bad. At one stage I had them doing an alternate blow job on me, and making me cum all over their faces. (It's odd how many girls will let you do that - and unsurprising how many guys love it. It looks especially good if the girl is nicely made up. These two were a bit overdone, but it was still pretty spectacular!)

Given Kelly's voracious appetite, it's a bit surprising that it was Becca who volunteered to get "spit roasted" - as she called it. Within a few moments she had me fucking her while Greg got the blow-job. We had her stretched across a corner of the bed, face down, then we turned her over and carried on. Half way through Kelly joined us, licking Becca's nipples, then her pussy and my cock. Again, a noisy orgasm was enjoyed by all.

After Becca and Greg had come again, Kelly got a pussy-pounding from me. I was so cum-ed out that I was able to carry on for ages. It was only when she came again very noisily, then begged me to stop fucking her and sucked me off that I came for the last time.

When I woke up the following morning, Kelly was sucking my cock again. It was almost painful - I'd come at least five times the night before. Despite this, she got me hard again, and then turned around to present her pussy to me for some more treatment. I started licking and finger-fucking her. Then I noticed a tube of some of that new lube - the "warming" stuff - on the bedside table. We'd used it the previous evening to help with Becca's "roasting". I managed to squeeze some onto my fingers and started giving Kelly the works - 2 fingers in her cunt and another up her arse, with her clit in my mouth. After a while I got a second finger up her arse, and really began working both holes while she tried to grind her clit into my mouth. Meanwhile she was doing a pretty good job with her mouth, and I was really getting into it.

After a few minutes I sensed we were both likely to come. She pulled my cock out of her mouth and gasped "Fuck me! Fuck me now!". I rolled out from under her and grabbed one of the last condoms (there had been a dozen there when we started last night!). As I slipped it on, I told her to spread her legs and get her arse in the air, which she duly did, her tits and face on the bed. I knelt behind her, lubed up the condom and my fingers, stuck my thumb up her arse and shoved my cock hard into her cunt. She yelled "FUCK!"

I said "Yes, I AM fucking you, as requested, miss", pulled out and stuck it in again.

She virtually screamed "OH FUCK!". I swirled my thumb in her arse and my cock in her cunt and she squealed again. "For fuck's sake! Take it fucking easy on my cunt!"

"OK", I said, and pulled out again.

I slipped my other hand between her legs and rubbed her clit. As she started moaning with pleasure again, I pulled out my thumb and squeezed some more lube onto my cock, my hand and onto her perineum. I then re-dipped my thumb, swirled it around, then slipped two lubed fingers up her arse and two fingers from the other hand into her cunt. She squealed again, and began pushing her hips back against my hands. 

After a minute or so of this I was ready to make my move. I pulled both hands out, put my left palm on her back to hold her down and guided my cock to her arsehole with my other. She didn't twig what I was up to until I started to push. She screamed and tried to lower her hips to get away from my probing cock. I swung my free hand round, slapped it oven her mound, pressed my middle finger onto her clit and pulled back as I pressed harder. She squealed and tried to wriggle away, but I held her firm and kept pushing. 

She started to protest loudly. "NAH! NOT UP MY ARSE. NO, YOU BASTARD!"

"Easy, Kelly" I said, trying to sooth her. "You won't know how much you'll like it 'til you've tried it. I know what I'm doing. Just relax and let me in."

I pushed a bit harder, and her sphincter started to stretch wider. She gasped with the discomfort. "You - fucking - CUNT!" she gasped back at me. 

I replied "No! Me - fucking - your - ARSEHOLE!" I pushed harder, and finally the head of my cock slipped through her sphincter and popped inside. I rubbed her clit harder and she moaned again. I waited for a few seconds, then pushed deeper. I bent over her and started crooning in her ear - "Me fucking your tight little arsehole, you horny little slut! I'm giving it to you up your arse just like you deserve, you filthy little bitch. Right up your tight little arse!"

It was the first time I'd ever used language like that with a girl, the first time I'd enjoyed being a little sadistic with a woman. However, I guessed it would turn her on, and I somehow felt she deserved it. Anal sex is a very dirty concept. Some girls who enjoy it a lot get off on the sheer wickedness of knowing they're indulging in something perverted, that they're being a dirty slut. I guessed, given Kelly's attitude, that accompanying the act with some very coarse and degrading language might be just what she needed to get off. That and a lot of clit-play.

Across the room I was dimly aware of Greg and Becca. She was wanking his cock for all she was worth while he had what appeared to most of his hand in her cunt. Neither of them seemed to want to take their eyes off Kelly & me.

And it seemed I was right about Kelly. As my well-lubed cock inched deeper into her dark tunnel, she started mouthing off with some amazing obscenities. Stuff like, "You total BASTARD. You've got your COCK right up my fucking ARSE. Christ you're buggering me wiv your fuckin' big dick. Oh Jesus my poor arse is too tight. I can't take such a big prick right up my arse. I can't! Ah! Oh shit! Oh fuck!"

I kept up the pressure - both physical and psychological. As I kept shoving my cock deeper inside her and rubbing her clit harder, I was giving her the words I now knew were exciting her. "Oh yes! I'm going to stretch that cute little arsehole until I've got all of my BIG PRICK inside it. You're a filthy little slut and you deserve to get your arse reamed by a BIG FUCKING COCK! And that's what I'm doing. I'm fucking your arse good & proper! What am I doing, bitch?"

By the amount of juices flooding my hand, her ragged breathing and the way she had started to push back onto my cock, I realised she was now enjoying the game.

"You're fuckin' my - my arse! You bastard!"

I deliberately jerked my cock forward and she cried out. "Not so much of the 'bastard'", I said, grabbing a handful of her hair and pulling it back. "That's 'SIR' to you, bitch. Now - what am I doing?" She was extremely tight, so I guessed this really was her first time. I frigged her clit even more as I said "WHAT AM I DOING, SLUT?"

She let out a long moan. "You're - AH - you're fucking my - ah- arse, sir!"

I pulled back until my cock-head began to stretch her sphincter again, and then slowly pushed back in. "That's right, Kelly. And do you want me to fuck your arse?"

"No! Please, please stop - stop fucking - my arse!"

Her body movements told me that that was really the last thing she wanted, but I pulled back again until I was stretching her sphincter again, making her gasp again. "I'm sorry, Kelly", I said. "It seems my cock is stuck up your arse now until I come. I'll just have to keep fucking you until your tight hole milks me off. What do you think about that, bitch?" I pushed forward again and she moaned.

"Oh sir! I can't - I can't - fuckin' - STAND it. You're - you're hurting me! My poor little arse - isn't meant to be fucked - AH - by a HUGE, FUCKING COCK". She gasped again as I struck a regular in-out rhythm, making each stroke just a little bit longer. 

"If you want me to stop you'll have to make me come. It's no good being coy - you'll have to persuade me that you really want me fuck your arse". 

By now she was letting out ragged moans each time I penetrated her, pushing back with her hips to meet my thrusts. I pulled back on her hair, and she lifted up on her arms. She was gasping and crying out, not just from the sensations in her anal tunnel, but also the continuing pressure on her clit. A whole torrent of words and cries came out, something like "Oh God, sir! You're a cruel bastard, sir! OH - OH! OK - OK - Please - Please fuck - FUCK - fuck my arse. Please! Sir! Fuck my - ohmygod - ah! AH! OH FUCK! OH FUCK! FUCK ME - FUCK ME - SIR! AH! AH! FUCK! FUCK MY ARSE! FUCK! FUCK! FUU...AAAH!..."

I could feel the contractions in her arse as she came. It was almost painful for me, her grip was so tight. I gave one last push and felt myself coming. It was so strong I must have almost burst the condom. She was yelling the place down, I was growling like a wild animal - it must have been a scene of total depravity. When I turned to look at Greg & Becca, I could see cum dripping from the corner of her mouth as she still held Greg's cock between her lips. Perspiration covered both of them. They'd clearly enjoyed Kelly's arse almost as much as I had.

Totally spent, I collapsed on top of Kelly, who lay spread-eagled face down below me. My right arm was trapped under her body, slick with her juices that were puddling the bedcover. Slowly, gingerly, I pulled my shrinking cock back out of her - she moaned again, stifled by the pillow under her face - and climbed off her. I tugged the condom off, tied it and wrapped it in a tissue, then moved back to the bed and lay down beside her. I stroked her hair and ran my hand down her back, gently stroking her taut buttocks. She turned her head and looked at me groggily, her face streaked with run eye makeup and her lipstick smeared around her mouth. 

I kissed her, quite tenderly. "Bastard", she breathed back, almost as if it were a term of endearment. 

"Yes, and I love you too, you randy little slut", I replied. 

She grinned. "I am, ain't I?"

"You certainly are. I knew you'd love it up the arse. You just needed to be taught a lesson. And what have you learned?"

"Well...", she began hesitantly, "I've learned that if you pick up some goo-geous bastard and fuck and suck 'im 'til he's covered you in 'is spunk, 'e'll still fuck you up the arse when your back's turned!"
