 This was an actual experience that my hubby and I had in one U.S. city that will remain nameless at this point. It was a time when we would visit such a theater maybe once a month or once every six weeks for part of our heated weekends of fun and debauchery.

It was Friday evening just after 10 pm when hubby and I got to the local adult bookstore/theater. The parking lot was about three-quarters full telling us there are plenty of people present tonight for the movie. Hubby purchased two tickets for us as I browsed a counter with swinger magazines arranged in some type of order. I did notice our photo from one of our ads on the cover of the "Swinger's Guild" and smiled, wondering if anyone would recognize us tonight, but honestly not caring.

Hubby caught up to me and I pointed out the photo and he nodded his acknowledgement. As he reached for the magazine his arm brushed one of my tits causing my cleavage to jiggle. I had chosen a tight fitting tank top tonight that was almost opaque, but my nipples could be made out in the right kind of light. Two men in the store had spotted us already and one was making his way slowly in our direction. Hubby noticed him as well and held up our two tickets and pointed at the theater as he sat the magazine back down and steered me towards the stairs that led to the theater upstairs.

At the top of the stairs was a closed door and hubby entered the key code he knew was on the back of the tickets that would open the door and allow us into the theater foyer. Stepping inside the door closed on its own and we were left to allow our eyes time to adjust to the subdued lighting. A couple of fluorescent black lights picked up the tiny bits of luminescence on my cheeks and my cleavage.

We made our way to the theater door but before entering hubby stopped me and gave me a nice kiss that brought his tongue into my mouth as though it were on a search for something. I toyed with his tongue with my own, and then lightly bit his tongue making him squirm suddenly. His hands found my tits and were massaging them as I released his tongue and moaned all at the same time. My tank top was tight but still stretchy and I knew what as coming next as he popped first the left tit out then the right one out. My 36D tits were now on full display as he opened the theater door.

I turned and walked inside, trying to look to see how many were there before us. The room was pitch dark to our unaccustomed eyes though. I knew to turn to the left and head towards the back rows. As I walked I could also sense the eyes that were watching my tits jiggle each time I took a step in my heels.

At one point I stopped to try and survey the room for seats and I felt hubby move up against me and one hand found the hem of my short skirt, lifting it to feel the naked skin above the tops of my lacy thigh highs. He knew I was not wearing any panties under the skirt tonight. He whispered, "Three more rows then several seats on the right." I nodded and moved in that direction.

Finding the row he indicated to be almost vacant, I moved into the row ahead of him and sat down about midway into the row. As I sat I realized we were in the next to last row of the theater. There was one other man in the row over to my left, and behind us in the back row were 5 or 6 guys, almost all of them were watching my tits as I sat down.

Hubby chose to sit one seat away from me, knowing I would soon need the room for the fun that would soon begin. I adjust my skirt as I sat down, meaning I quickly hiked it up almost to my waist, the white skin above my dark stockings showing almost like a flashing neon sign.

I leaned over to hubby and playfully grabbed his arm, he already had his hard cock out of his pants and was tugging on it, almost as though he wasn't aware of me sitting there, he was watching some blonde getting double penetrated on the screen, moaning her delight at the two college hunks who were fucking her brains out.

Maybe two minutes if that, I could sense the room "shifting" meaning that a number of the men had left their seats and were moving in our direction. The man to my left was up and moving my way sitting one seat away from me, so he and hubby had me more or less trapped. Then two guys sat down in front of us but instead of watching the movie they both turned to look at me.

I smiled first at the man to my left, then at the men in front of me. I could sense rather than see several others moving behind us in the last row of seats. It was almost show time.

Once again I did a quick look at hubby and he was still watching the flick with his dick in his hand. He might as well been sitting in his recliner at home watching football. I smiled again at the guys in front of me and slowly opened my legs, knowing with my skirt pulled up as high as it was they could see my bald pussy if their eyes were fully adjusted to the darkness of the theater.

About that time I felt a hand settle on my right shoulder from behind. As I looked down at it, it started to move slowly down my arm, caressing as it moved. Soon a couple of fingers from that hand were massaging a part of my right tit.

I looked over at the man to my left and saw that his dick was also out, just like hubby, but where hubby was maybe 6 inches long, this man was a good 8 or so inches. A nice hefty cock to start things off with, I just prayed he would not cum quickly. He saw me looking his way and he reached over to hold my hand, then just as quickly he was guiding my hand to his cock. I could feel the heat from his cock as I got close, even before my fingers were wrapping around his thick shaft.

The two men in front were both turned sideways to better see what was going on. I could sense they too were jacking off as they continued to watch me play. With my free hand I started to rub my thighs moving higher, but before touching my clit and my pussy I reached up and grabbed my right tit and squeezed it, then pinched the nipple as I moaned a bit.

It was at that time I could feel breath on my neck and two arms snaked around me from behind and pushed my hand off my boob as they both grabbed my tits, hefting them as though weighing them and checking for balance. Then the man started to massage them both and I lay my head back and pushed my crotch forward inviting my two friends in the row ahead of us to sample what I was openly making available to them.

One was bolder than the other and his free hand was quickly over the top of his seat and touching my nylon encased knee, working his way up towards my cunt. I knew he was about to find out just how wet I was and I was ready for him to tease my clit. Even before he got there my breathing started to shift from normal into a pant as my nipples fully hardened, my areola's tightened up and became more bumpy from the attention they were getting.

I gasped out loud as the hand on my thigh found my clit at last. I resisted the urge to clamp my legs closed on his hand, instead staying open and letting him have free roam of my pussy. Just as he was starting to finger my pussy lips I heard a moan to my left.

I looked over and the man there was bucking my fist that had control of his dick and soon he was spewing cum all over my hand and his pants. He soon withered as the ropy cum started to slow and before I could say anything to him he had zipped up his pants and was up moving away from me back down the aisle and then towards the door. That was one cum I had caused for the night. 

The place to my left did not stay vacant long. A well-built man moved my way and sat right next to me so there was no seat between us. His hands were roaming over my legs almost immediately. I could smell his Axe aftershave and was attracted to him from the start. Not many get the opportunity to fuck me, but I sensed that this man would be one of the lucky ones tonight.

Suddenly I felt one of my legs being pulled upward and I saw that the guy in front of me was fully turned around now and on his knees in the chair, he was hooking my heel over the back of his seat. He removed my heel and before I knew it he was licking my toes. I moaned out loud at this and knew he had seen us here before and remembered how I loved for my toes to be orally administered to, first one and then another. Even through the stockings he was doing a wonderful job.

With all this attention I was extremely turned on and knew it would not take long for my pussy to find its first orgasm when the attention fully came its way. The guy now sucking my toes was also dedicating both hands to the calves of my legs so for s fleeting moment my cunt was unoccupied. That didn't last long though as my new lover to my left had a hand rubbing a deep furrow into my very wet lips. He knew where the control buttons were and manipulated them wonderfully. Soon I moaned and felt myself squirting into the palm of his hand.

There is a movement behind me and before I can look I can feel something warm next to my left ear, then on my neck. I look downward and spy a black cock head being pushed against my neck. Whimpering softly, I turn my head fully in that direction now and with my eyes I see the owner, a well dressed man in a suit who has merely slid his zipper down to let loose this long monster, another 8 inch wonder of the sex world. His balls are shaved and I can already see pre-cum glistening on the slit of the cock. He maneuvers it so the head is close to my lips and I meet his eyes as I allow my tongue to flick outside my lips to taste that drop of dew. As I taste, I reach back with my tongue to explore further, twirling my tongue around the rim of the head, I soon know he's enjoying all that I'm doing to him. 

Just as I open wider to take him in my mouth, I feel a rather intense orgasm boiling inside my cunt and I moan louder than before and only then do I realize there are two or three fingers in my cunt fucking me in slow rhythmic strokes. This orgasm is so nice, but catches me totally by surprise and I'm squirting so hard I hit the backs of the chairs in front of us.

The dark cock is now inside my mouth and I can taste some sort of flavored lube on it. At first it's trying to poke through my cheek but I turn slightly and can feel it trying to probe my throat as I try and relax my muscles so I don't gag too soon. I know though I will never be able to take all of his fuck meat down my throat, but I know he will be well lubed with throat slime in short order.

As my throat is absorbing this cock, I hear the other man behind me grunting loudly and then know he is cumming over my right shoulder and splattering my right tit with his cum. Not long afterwards he too is gone, the second cummer of the night. I'm reaching up to massage the cum into my tit as I feel but can't see who is licking that tit for me. I don't much care who because their tongue and their beard both feel good on my nipple and tit.

The one man who hasn't touched me is the second one in front of me. I just know he's been jacking off fiercely as he's watching all the others touching me, watching me offer this blowjob to a relatively unknown black businessman. Soon though he is no longer able to contain his quiet nature and I hear him almost shrieking as he stands and starts to cum, one strand of pearly cum after another, none of it touching me though. I don't think he really cared, it seems he was the consummate voyeur, so satisfied watching this new slut being openly groped and fondled by so many strangers. I love watching and hearing others as they cum when close by it is like music to my ears.

We played this way for well over 30 minutes, maybe closer to an hour before I finally was so wildly turned on. I stood up, almost frightening a couple of the men who had been playing with me, but I quickly smiled at them as I stepped to my left and straddled the hunk of a man with the Axe aftershave on, his cock slide so easily into my cunt because of the multiple times I had already squirted. I began to ride up and down on his shaft with my hands on his shoulders and my tits a few inches from his face. I wasn't sure how interested he would be in them as they had cum on both by now. Suddenly though I knew he was as horny as I was as he pushed his head into my cleavage and began to tongue my tits working his way to my nipples and soon was both biting and sucking on them. He alternated back and forth between them and as he did I felt his rhythm in my pussy quicken. 

I knew he wouldn't last much longer and I needed his cum inside me now. I too was close to a huge orgasm. I was fucking him so hard the others could clearly hear the sucking sound my cunt was making as his cock shaft moved in and out. Then he exploded and I could feel blast after blast of cum hitting my cervix as he tensed and shot inside me so deeply.

By this time I looked up and the credits for the movie were running and I wondered who had a better ending the pros in the movie or what I was doing with all these horny hot studs we had just met that night.

As best I could I straightened myself up, made sure my skirt was back down to normal and hubby and I walked out, yes I had cum in my hair, cum on my face, on my tits, and leaking out of my pussy but I was one happy hot wife, ready for hubby to take me home and clean me up.