 (please read Bound Experience first)

I decided to make Chas wait another day in jail after leaving me tied to the tree naked for all the men to use, but I had to admit that I had enjoyed it and it had been a real turn on walking home in public naked and covered with dried on cum.

The next day I dressed very sexy again in a very short tight black stretch dress that unzipped down the front, no underwear and the highest heels I could find. I made my eyes with dark blue eye shadow and outlined them with a thin black line, mascara made my lashes look long and thick, blusher high lighted my cheek bones and it was finished off with ruby red lipstick. I also painted my hand and toenails a blood red colour. I looked in the mirror, boy didn't I look good, a real slut, just what I was I thought to myself.

I phoned a taxi and made my way to the police station. The taxi driver had a job keeping his eyes on the road, adjusting his mirror all the time so as to get a better view off me. Every time he looked I parted my legs a little so he could see I had no panties on, and smiled at him as I saw the sweat and grin on his face. I would off fucked him down some alleyway normally, but on this occasion I wanted to look good when I arrived at the police station and not look as if I had just been fucked.

I arrived at the police station. It was a large grey stone building and very boding. It was situated on the outskirts of the city in a rough area. I paid the taxi driver and he grinned and said, "No need for a tip, the view in the back was worth it," and drove off laughing. I walked up the stone steps and into the building. All heads turned to look at me as I walked up to the front desk. I could see the officers talking to each other and grinning as they nodded towards me. I arrived at the desk and told the desk sergeant I was here to collect my boyfriend in here for drink driving. He looked me up and down, then with a smirk he said, "I must be the whore who the guys found tied naked to a tree the other night," I replied I was that whore. "I heard they had a bit of fun fucking the ass off you as well." I smiled and said, "We all had fun sergeant. With that he spoke into a microphone and said "The sluts here for her husband,"

"Ok, I'll send her down". "Down those stairs there," he said pointing to his right. I made my way down the three flights of stairs into the area that was the cells.

Three police officers greeted me at the bottom looking me up and down. "Umm, I can see why the guys wanted a piece of your ass," one of them said to me. I smiled, "What's the fine," I said. "Four hundred pound for drink driving," he said. "What, I can't pay that" I replied. "Well I'm sure we can find some way for you to meet the payment." He grabbed me by the arms and they pulled me into another room where all the cells were. There must have been about twenty cells and they all had prisoners in, several of them two. They were all of different ages from about eighteen up to some guys in there sixties. There were blacks, whites and a few oriental looking types.

They walked me over to one of the cells where Chas was being held. All the prisoners were whistling and shouting course comments as they marched me there. Chas said, "Hi Nicolle, you come to get me out of this hell hole,"

"Yes," I replied. "Not until you paid the fine honey," one of the guards said. "You see we have a slight problem, she can't pay the fine, so she going to have to pay it some other way," he said with a leer on his face.

With that he started to pull the zip down the front of my dress to just below my tits, then slid his hand inside cupping my one breast in his large hand and squeezing it, then pinching the nipple. "It's ok slag, we're not going to do anything that the other guys did not do last night, well perhaps a bit more," he said. Chas and all the prisoners were staring at me with looks of sexual tension on their faces, raw sexual passion. Most of them had probably been in here for several weeks.

I was moaning now as he played with my tits, and on hearing this he proceeded to pull the zipper on down until my dress was fully undone. Everybody now had glimpses of my tits and shaven cunt. With one yank the guard then pulled it of my shoulders and threw it on the floor into the corner of the room. I was now fully naked except for my high heels in front of all these men, my tits, ass, and smooth shaven cunt on show to all these rough rowdy men. The guard ran his one hand down my belly and to my pubic area. I parted my legs slightly and he slid his and along my already wet cunt and inserted a couple of fingers into the moist insides of my love hole.

"UMMM, The bitch is soaking wet, Nice big cunt you got, had a lot of cocks boring that out I bet," he said. I just moaned aloud and gasped out I had had many cocks up there. He laughed and said, "I was going to get many more today as well. 

The prisoners were now more rowdy, shouting at the guards to let them have a turn with the slut, as he continued to finger fuck me now with four fingers up my cunt as I stood facing them and Chas. I was groaning aloud and grinding my ass against his groin and he wanked me fast and hard until I cum noisily. "Get down on your hands and knees facing the cells slut," he shouted at me yanking me down by my hair. I got down and stuck my ass in the air and looked at all these men watching and rubbing their hard cocks. The guard got down behind me and I felt his cock plunge into my cunt. I cried out and moaned. "UHHH, That's good, oh yes that feels soooo good," I said as he began to pummel my cunt hard, his groin making slapping sounds on my ass as he fucked me hard. I began to buck back against his thrusts to get as much of his cock in as I could. "That's it slag, fuck me, you love it don't you whore," he was shouting. He reached around and twisted my nipple, I let out a scream. "That's it bitch, fucking scream," he said.

He continued ploughing into me until he groaned at sent a large amount of cum deep into my cunt, then withdrawing and sending another load over my back and ass. He was soon replaced by another officer banging away at my cunt. The other walked around to my head, "Suck me clean slag," he said, thrusting his cock into my mouth. I sucked and licked until all traces of semen had gone from his sweaty balls and cock.

More police officers had now come down on hearing that this slut was doing all the men down in the cells. There were at least a dozen police now down there all awaiting their turn with me. Cocks were soon finding their way into my ass hole now as well as my cunt, and all of them wanting to be sucked clean afterwards. I was now lying on my side facing Chas, one leg held wide apart giving everybody a good view of their large smelly, sweaty cocks reaming out my cunt and ass hole.

After all dozen or more had used me there was cum all over me, covering my flesh, dribbling out of my mouth, in my hair and pouring out of my cunt and ass hole. Chain the bitch up to the manacles an officer said. I was pulled up again by my long hair on to my feet and my wrists cuffed together. I was then chained to a ring on the ceiling and my legs shackled apart to two rings on the floor. I was now standing spread-eagled and naked. The officers stood around me. One of the got his large wooden baton out and walked over. I looked at him in terror. "No I'm not going to beat you with it, we may whip your ass a bit later, but not now," he said and with that stuck the large thick baton up my cunt and began to wank me off with it, most of it disappearing up my sticky cunt. UHHH, AHHH, I groaned, my hips grinding onto these large artificial cocks, my body shaking as I kept cumming. "You fucking like this, don't you slut," he said. "YES," I said. "Tells us all what a slut like you likes," he commanded as he kept on abusing my cunt. "UGGG, OHHH, I like to be fucked, I like to be naked in public", I gasped. "Yes, and what else," he asked. "OHHH YES, I like to be used, fucked in all holes, punished and abused by all. Used as a cum slut. OHH YES, I'M CUMMING, UHHHH, I'M CUMMINGGGGG." I screamed out again. More of the policemen used their batons on me, not only in my cunt but up my ass as well. I screamed out as they done this, but that only made them laugh and do it more.

After they had finished humiliating me with their baton they all took off their belts and took turns in strapping my round ass with them. The leather made loud cracks as it came into the bare flesh of my ass making me cry out and leaving red marks over my ass cheeks. I cum several more times during this and it also made me piss myself, the urine running down my legs and pooling on the floor beneath me. This caused a lot of laughter and comments from the prisoners as well as the police officers.

When they had finished, I moaned out that would they let us go now. One of them looked at his watch. "Tut tut", he said, "I'm afraid it's to late to now, have to be the morning. I groaned. One of the other police officers then walked over to the first cage and let the prisoner out and walked him passed me to a large open cell. "Get in there," he told him. They then let all the prisoners out one by one and marched them passed me hanging there into the large cell until all the two dozen cells were empty. "Right," he said. "Can't have all those prisoners being rowdy all night after our show," and with that they uncuffed me and dragged me over to the large cell where I was thrown in naked to the mercy of all these dirty unwashed men.

They wasted no time in fucking me as I was forced down on to the dirty floor on my back, my legs spread wide apart and the biggest of the prisoners, a large black man, got his cock out which was long and thick and plugged my cunt hole with it. They let go of my legs and I put them over his shoulders opening my cunt wide for him. I grunted like an animal as he rammed me again and again with his large cock, pulling right out then plunging back in again. "Fucking hell mate, she'll be no use to us after your cock," one of the prisoners shouted, to a round of laughter. "Have to use her mouth or asshole to fuck then," the black guy replied. He soon released large amounts of cum over me, taking his cock out at the last minute and shooting it all over my face. "Open your mouth slut," he said. I did as he shot large amounts of his hot cum into my waiting mouth. I swallowed every last drop, savouring every drop.

I was left there all night, and did not get any sleep at all, as I was constantly being fucked one after another. Cocks in my ass, cocks in my cunt, cocks in my face, and a lot of times all three at once. By the time they had all had me the first ones were ready again, and had second helpings of my body. All I was able to do was lay there and have them put me into whatever position they wanted to fuck my holes in. Spanking my ass, mauling my tits, leaving bite marks all over my body. Several times during the night as their was no toilets in the cell the men just got there cocks out and pissed over me, then walked off leaving me lying there in the mess. Even that did not put the men off using me, ravaging my naked body. By the end I did not care what they done to me, or that most of them had not washed for ages and were smelly and unclean. Their cocks all slimy and crusted with bits of smelly crude. That I was having to suck and lick these dirty cocks.

I could hardly move the next morning when the guards came back. "Well looks like you've had a good time," one of them said to me. He let me out of the cell and threw me my dress. I put it back on wobbling on my feet. He went and let Chas out. You have one hell of a fucking slut for a girlfriend," he said to him. "Yes, I know, but I love it," he replied. 

"Your free to go now, you've paid your fine," they said. We walked back up stairs and into the front lobby, every body cheered and laughed. "Any time you feel like a good fucking again whore, just come down and see us," the desk sergeant shouted. I looked round and smiled. "I might just hold you to that, " I laughed. We went out and got my car from the car pound and went home. Chas had to fuck me as he had been made to watch all night and was as frustrated as hell. Then we both got some sleep after a very long and HARD night.