 This is a story about a young 28-year-old beauty that has a craving for filthy sex beyond anything I've ever seen or experienced. She loves being a slut and especially with the more unappealing men that think her to be unobtainable. That's right. She really loves to fuck ugly men and act extremely filthy for them. Hope you enjoy Nicolle's story. 

* * * * * * * * * * * 

First let me tell you about Nicolle. I guess you would say she has this insatiable thirst for sex. It isn't a desire for just any kind of sex, but nasty dirty and absolutely filthy sex. The dirtier it is, the more she likes it. I met Nicolle only a few weeks ago and everyday has been an incredible sexual adventure with her. It seems that there is almost nothing Nicolle won't do.

One day I was in a porn shop and picked up one of these papers that has personal ads. There was one ad in particular that peaked my curiosity. Later that evening I was showing Nicolle and she was quite excited too, especially about the possibilities. Like I said, Nicolle is always game for a night of hot erotic filthy sex and this ad appeared just right for her.

I called the next day to find out a little more. This guy John was looking for a pretty girl to satisfy a bunch of men. But as he explained, these guys were not the handsome G.Q. models you see in magazines. These were men that rarely ever got any sex because of their looks. When I explained it to Nicolle, that was the part that really excited her. Well, by the time I hung up I had arranged an all night gangbang for Nicolle. 

We took a cab the next night to the address I was given. It was an inner city address on a small little side street. We arrived stepping out of the taxi at eleven o'clock. This place was in a desolate alley in a pretty run down part of the city. John, the man I spoke to on the phone met us at the door. 

We entered this broken down building and he led us downstairs. It was actually quite intimidating and very scary. I hoped I hadn't gotten Nicolle into more than she could handle. But she wanted nasty and dirty. She wanted allot of men to use her and as she put it, "to do anything they wanted with her." And she was hoping there would be some ugly looking men that had never fucked a pretty girl. 

After walking down the stairs we entered a large room. Believe it or not it was fixed up pretty nice compared to the outside. There was roughly fifteen men anxiously waiting there for Nicolle. Nicolle looked around checking these guys out. I was pretty shocked at what I saw. When I arranged this for Nicolle, John said it would be a bunch of men that haven't had sex in a long time. I could see why. These were the most ugly, disgusting, and vile looking bunch of men I've ever seen. At first glance it appeared that many of them were just plain fat unshaven slobs. But upon looking closer we saw one guy with a huge scar across his eye and nose. Another big guy had a serious skin problem with pimples covering his face. There were old men wearing filthy clothes, a couple young guys that looked like computer nerds and this one black guy smiled at Nicolle showing three front teeth missing and those he still had were disfigured and stained almost green. Then on the far end of the room was a huge monster of a man who had to be three hundred pounds. Needless to say this was a pretty nasty looking group. I almost felt bad bringing Nicolle here. 

Nicolle looked at me and whispered. "These guys are going to love fucking me." "I'll bet they never had a pretty woman before." 

Then we heard one of them yell out. "Fuck she's beautiful." "We're going to get to fuck that." "Shit man." 

Then this big heavy guy at the other end of the room got up and walked over to Nicolle. I sat down in a chair near the door and began unpacking my video camera. The arrangement included my presence and the videotaping of the whole night. I knew I'd want to see this again and I know Nicolle would too. The room itself was not that big. It had chairs lined up along the walls where all the men sat waiting. In the center there was a sofa and a lounge chair. I assumed that was where tonight's activities would take place. 

It didn't take long to get off to a fast start. These guys had to be horny as hell and now seeing how pretty Nicolle was, only got them aroused and anxious to get at her. 

The guy that walked across to Nicolle was the big fat beastly guy probably near three hundred pounds. He stood right next to her now. It looked like he hadn't shaved in weeks. And now that he was closer, it smelled like he hadn't bathed in weeks either.

"Do you like what you see," Nicolle asked. What was not to like? Nicolle with her long dark hair cascading over her shoulders was wearing a short black skirt that was over half way up her thighs. Her long gorgeous tanned legs were a sight to see, especially the way her black garter, stockings and heels complimented them. And then her white see-through mesh top left nothing to the imagination. Without a bra, her incredible full tits and hard nipples poked right out through the material. Everything about Nicolle gave the impression, 'I'm a slut, so fuck me.' 

"Honey, you're gorgeous," he replied. "Are you really going to do all of us?" Nicolle reached between his legs feeling for his cock through his huge pair of sweats and replied "yes I am." "And you can do anything you want to me." "Anything!" Her fingers were massaging his groin as she stared into his ugly face. 

"Have you ever had a pretty girl suck your cock?" She asked while pulling her mesh top over her head.

"No," he answered, as he became excited seeing Nicolle's gorgeous big tits and hard nipples. 

Nicolle squeezed her breasts showing them off and then wiggled her ass out of the black skirt. Seconds later the garter and stockings were gone and she was standing there naked wearing just the high heels. Then she asked him, "Do you want me to suck yours?" 

He just shook his head mumbling, "you're fuckin' beautiful." There was allot of chatter in the room as all eyes were on Nicolle's beautiful body. 

Nicolle knelt down in front of him. She put her fingers inside the waistband of his sweats and pulled them down. "I'm going to be such a good slut for you." Meanwhile he was tugging his shirt up over his head. Nicolle looked up seeing his belly, this huge roll of fat hanging in front of her. Nicolle pulled his underwear down next. The smell was pretty pungent. Even I noticed it across the room. I figured this guy didn't have a bath or shower in a long time. I don't know of any woman that wouldn't have called it quits and left. But Nicolle was getting excited knowing that this guy, in fact, that all these guys were getting off on the idea that they were going to fuck this beautiful woman. That aroused Nicolle allot. The more disgusting they were, the more it aroused Nicolle. 

Nicolle played with his cock. It began growing. She moved in closer and I heard her give a little cough. I'm sure the stench of his cock and balls was pretty nasty. She looked up over his fat stomach saying, "I'm gonna clean you cock real good." Then she buried her face between his legs taking his dirty meat into her mouth. "Mmmmmm." "Mmmmmm" "I love your cock." The rest of the room quickly got up for a closer look. I think everyone found it hard to believe that beautiful Nicolle was enjoying the taste of this fat guy's dick. Then she lifted his cock to get to his balls. He had a huge nut sack hanging there that had a piss-like odor and covered with a slippery coating. It was probably weeks worth of sweat and urine. Nicolle crawled beneath him and nuzzled her face under his cock and sucked both of his balls into her mouth at once. You could actually see her mouth working as she tongued the filth from them. Then she let them pop out. "Oh God, they're so dirty." She licked her lips, swallowed and then began licking her tongue up to his big ass and teased him by licking his crack. Then she looked up asking, "Am I a good dirty whore?" 

That did him in right there. Nicolle grabbed his hard cock and began jerking it. "I'm such a whore." "C'mon, cum down my throat." And she placed the head of his cock between her lips. The big fat guy bellowed out. "Fuck..., you little whore." "I'm gonna cum." Seconds later he was draining his full cock into Nicolle's mouth. When she backed away she was licking her lips and swallowing. "That was good." "I love cum." "Who's next?"

After seeing that, everyone knew they were in for a night like they never dreamed possible. Nicolle did a couple other fat guys pretty much the same. One in particular sat down and spread his heavy thighs while Nicolle knelt between his legs and cleaned his crotch thoroughly. She stuffed his entire nut sack in her mouth cleaning off the sweaty taste, just like the guy before. Only this time with her mouth full, she tried to swallow. It felt like his balls were being sucked into her throat. She gagged on them and quickly let them slip from her mouth. He moaned out wildly. "Fuck..., you whore." "That was incredible." Nicolle smiled saying; "I love the taste of your dirty balls." Then she nuzzled her face on either side and downward underneath his sack, so her mouth could taste his entire unwashed smelly crotch. 

She then proceeded to take his cock deep into her mouth resting it right at the entrance to her throat. She looked up into his ugly fat face and pushed her head down, slowly impaling her throat with his big hard dick. He just moaned out in disbelief, "oh fuck... you hot nasty bitch." "You fuckin' slut." Nicolle deepthroated his eight-inch cock over and over as he called her every filthy name he could think of. Finally she withdrew his cock, looked up into his ugly face and asked, "do you like the way I swallow your big cock?" And then she gulped his rock hard shaft down again. Hearing this pretty girl say that while she's deepthroating was enough and he blew his load right down her throat. 

Another one got Nicolle on the floor and knelt between her legs. This guy was tall and nerdy looking, sort of like the college geek that never got a date and was teased by all the pretty girls. He fucked her for several minutes while he and another guy squeezed Nicolle's tits hard and yanked her nipples. They continually slapped at her breasts making them sway on her chest. The nerd face kid couldn't believe he was fucking this beauty and kept commenting to the other guy. "She's so pretty." "Fuck, look at her." "Look at those tits." Then he lay fully on top of Nicolle ramming his cock deep into her cunt. At the same time he held her face in both hands kissing her hard, using deep probes of his tongue into her mouth. You could hear him grunting with each thrust while he kissed Nicolle, "that's it, fuck you whore." "Take my cock."

That got Nicolle really aroused. She began begging loudly, "YESS,... Fuck Me."

"Fuck me deeper." "Give me your cock." "Oh,... I'm such a slut." 

Then he pulled out and Nicolle began jerking him off. She looked at him. 

"Ever have a girl do this for you?" He was so excited he couldn't answer. He just moaned. 

"Did you ever fuck a pretty girl like me before," she asked knowing how excited she was making him. He shook his head "no." 

Nicolle kept sliding her hand over his cock faster and faster. He was rock hard. "Go ahead and cum, Nicolle softly ordered." "Cum right in my face." "Give me your hot thick cream." She jerked faster. "C'mon, show me what you've always wanted to do to pretty girls." "Cum all over me like a slut." 

I don't think that man had cum in months. He literally exploded drenching Nicolle's face completely. He spurted six or seven huge thick globs of sperm directly into her pretty face. She caught some in her mouth and gobbled it down making sure he saw her eating it. "Mmmmmm,... fuck... I just love swallowing your cum." By the time he finished, most of the sperm was running off Nicolle streaming down her chest and dripping from her tits. 

Then the pace started picking up more. Nicolle was moved to the sofa kneeling with her arms resting against the back. One guy was fucking her from behind driving his cock deep in her pussy. The one black guy we noticed earlier stood in front of her on the backside of the sofa. Nicolle could see his repulsive whisker covered face close now. He smiled at Nicolle showing his green stained covered teeth. She could see the gaps of missing teeth and he was literally drooling spit through his lips. He was a disgusting filthy man. He bent down close to Nicolle asking, "you suck me too, dirty girl?" And he put his lips to Nicolle's. He kissed her hard grabbing Nicolle behind her head and pulling his mouth firmly against her sweet lips. She smelled his foul breath as nauseating as it was, but she kept kissing this filthy black man. She shoved her tongue into his mouth French kissing him and he returned the favor by slipping his spit-coated tongue into hers. When the kiss ended Nicolle replied with this lustful sound. "Fuck!..." "Fuck!"... "Give me your cock." "Let me suck it." 

His pants were off in no time and Nicolle had his black cock between her lips sucking hard. She devoured his hard shaft sucking and jerking it until her mouth filled with cum. Then she gulped it down. Before he walked away Nicolle begged, "turn around for me." "Show me your ass." The black guy turned around and moved backward until his butt was right up over the top of the sofa in front of Nicolle's face. His black ass was sort of hairy and Nicolle could see and smell his crack. He wasn't very clean. His ass actually reeked. She placed her hands on either side of his ass and gently spread him open. His entire asscrack was covered with tiny dried brown specks and some were caked on his asshole. This guy looked over his shoulder at her. Nicolle smiled saying; "do you think I'm very pretty? 

"Yess, yess..." he answered. "Dirty girl, very pretty." 

Obviously his English wasn't very good. But he certainly knew a pretty girl when he saw one. "You want me to lick your dirty ass?" Nicolle stuck her tongue out in a licking motion touching the tip on his asscheek. That got him quite excited making him yell out, "YESSS..." "YESSS..." "Dirty girl do ass." 

Nicolle still had cocks fucking her pussy. Two of them had cum inside her already and a third one was sloshing around in her cum filled cunt. Between that and the intensity of what she was about to do, she was on the verge of cumming herself. The cock in her cunt was pretty thick and he was pounding her hole hard. 

"Oh fuck..., Fuck.... I'm gonna cum." "I'm gonna cum..., Nicolle cried out. 

"I'm such a slut.. a whore..." "Oh fuck... Fuckk!!! That big cock slammed into her cunt again and,

"OHHHHhhhhhhhh, Fuuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!"................, her orgasm began.

Nicolle began moaning out loudly making her feel like such a slut in front of them. "Oh Yess, Fuck Me..." "Fuck Me.." 

Nothing mattered at this point. She just wanted to be as filthy as possible for this disgusting bunch of men. The black man's filthy ass was still right in front of her. She shoved her mouth in his crack. She knew this was the most disgusting thing she'd ever done. She had licked assholes before, but never one so filthy and unclean. But now it didn't matter. She was cumming and it felt so good. And it was so very exciting knowing this ugly black guy never had a pretty girl service him like this. In fact she wanted to do this. She wanted to give these guys a show like they've never seen before. 

Nicolle's tongue swiped up through his dirty crack. She felt the crusty dried pieces. As she breathed the stench was unbelievable. Her tongue licked deeper. The moistness of her mouth began melting the filth stuck in his crack. She could feel it on her lips as it turned to paste and eventually went into her mouth and on her tongue. She licked again and again ultimately pushing her face into his ass and scouring his shit covered asshole until he was clean. They other men were really into it at this point ordering her to do a good job. "That's it slut." "Clean that ass." "You dirty bitch." And those words just prolonged Nicolle's orgasm. Her body felt so good. Her cunt was soaked. And another cock was throbbing inside her filling her with more cum. Meanwhile she kept sucking this filthy black asshole because they loved watching her do it. Finally she backed away tasting her own lips and swallowing the filth she just cleaned from his ass.

Then everybody wanted Nicolle to do his ass too. They lined up three at a time behind the sofa bending over, while Nicolle crawled to them. What a disgusting display seeing her lick those with big blubbery asses and bury her face between their heavy cheeks. She licked and sucked, thoroughly cleaning their cracks and assholes just as she did the first black guy.

By the time Nicolle finished everyone, a couple of the guys commented they had to piss and walked toward the rest room. It looked like it was time for a break in the action. But Nicolle yelled out, "Wait for me!" She was afraid she might miss a chance to act even dirtier. "Let me watch," she pleaded. 

Nicolle followed them into the rest room. Well, I guess you'd call it a rest room. It was a fairly decent sized room with two toilets and one urinal. Needless to say it was filthy. The urinal water was yellow and pretty ripe. Obviously it hadn't been flushed in awhile. The toilets were dirty and floor was partly wet from piss.

Nicolle walked to the guy heading to the urinal. He was a big ugly brut of a guy just wearing his undershorts. He was the one with the scar across his face. "Have to go bad?" Nicolle asked. He looked at her, "yeah I do." "Me too," Nicolle answered. 

Then she ran her hands over his underwear feeling his ass. "Can I have those?" 

"What?" "My underwear," he asked? 

"Yes...please?" "I want to smell your ass on them." "I want to be so dirty for you." 

He quickly stepped out of his shorts and handed them to Nicolle. She could see how filthy and stained they were as she put them up to her nose. "I just love a dirty ass," she sighed taking in a deep breath through the soiled material. "Do you like watching me do this?" 

"Fuck honey, you're the prettiest whore I ever saw." "I've fucked other sluts, but nobody does what you do." 

"I want to be a good nasty slut for all you guys," she replied. Then Nicolle dropped the underwear on the wet floor, squatted over them and started pissing. By the time she finished his shorts were soaked. Nicolle picked them up and piss began dripping from them. "I thought I'd wash up a bit before we fuck some more." Then she started washing her face with the piss soaked underwear. "Mmmmmm, I love the smell of piss." 

They all yelled out almost at once, "you hot filthy bitch." "What a whore." 

When she finished her display of filth, Nicolle looked at the scar-faced guy's cock. He was ready to empty his bladder at the urinal. He was big even soft. It hung down his leg almost six inches. "Honey, when we get back inside I'm gonna fuck your ass," he blurted out getting a bit aroused from the show Nicolle just put on. 

"Why wait," Nicolle replied. "Lets' do it here."

"Let me piss first," he answered back. 

Nicolle quickly knelt down pushing him back from the urinal. "Do it on me." "Show me what you really want to do to pretty girls." "Piss on me." "Piss in my mouth." With that Nicolle sat on the filthy wet floor, spread her legs so he could stand between them, and then leaned her head against the edge of the urinal. What an incredibly filthy sight to see, as Nicolle's long dark hair was inside the urinal soaking up the old stagnant piss. The guy grabbed his cock as he stood over Nicolle. He looked down at Nicolle's pretty face with her mouth open. "Oh fuck!!!!" "Look at this gorgeous bitch"... "cunt"... "slut"... "OH FUCK!!! you pisswhore"... Then he let it flow. 
