 My weird sex experience, it was June last year. Four of us girls went to Lanzarotte for a week of fun in the sun. The unsaid was, of course, every night drinking and dancing in the clubs, picking up lads and having to go to the beach the next day to lie in the sun getting over the hangover and the fatigued bodies.

So we get to night number three and so far Amy was the only one who scored (twice). The rest of us got the attention but either bottled or ended up with loosers. So I'm lying on the beach on the Wednesday afternoon, sun baking down on my almost naked body, and my fingers are itching to get inside my bikini and bring myself off. I come to the conclusion that 7 weeks without a good shag is just too long.

That night I'm really hot to trot, off to the club we go having seen off a bottle of duty free Bacardi between us. By 1.00am, I'm getting a round of drinks in and a big bear of a guy comes up to me and starts to chat me up. I'm thinking, "Why does he have to pick on me?" when it hits me that this is what I've been doing all week. So hang on: he isn't a knock out, but neither am I. He's obviously genuinely looking for some action and, sod it, so am I. So 20 minutes of pretty harmless chatter later and we are heading for his hotel room. I'm as nervous as hell but not about to walk away now. 

We snog a bit on the walk there and he's got these huge hands that are all over me, every chance he gets. By the time we get to the room I am hot to trot. He's got two beds, turns out he's come to Lanzarotte with three mates too.

The door crashed open and a drunk northern voice chimed out. "Hey up! Look, Chris has got lucky." 

"Fuck off, will yer, and leave us alone. Can't ye see we're busy here!" Replied my surprised beau.

"Aye, fucking good and busy you are! What did you score tonight? – another bloody blonde! Hiya luv – I'm Andy. This here is Johnny."

"Piss off back to yer own room and give us some privacy." Retorted Chris.

"Well, aren't you goin te introduce us, mate?" Andy carried on, undaunted.

"Lads, this is Linda. Now Fuck off and lock the door on yer way out." Chris replied before sinking his hot lips down onto my neck and resuming his long slow gorgeous pelvic thrusting.

"Oh, hiya Linda." Andy called out amused by the goan of lust I let out involuntarily.

"Hi Andy, Hi Johnny. Now do as he says and bugger off, will yers. I'm naked here incase you hadn't noticed." I called back, desperate to get back to the action. 

"Well; theres no need to be so bloody rude. We was just bein' friendly." Andy chimed out, sounding a bit miffed. "Hey, nice pair of tits yer got there!"

"Pretty face too, hey Andy?" Now Johnny joined in the banter.

"How come you get so many pretty lasses when you look like a twenty stone gorilla?" Andy laughed.

"Whatcha doing with him, luv, when you could have had the likes of me?" Johnny added, just trying to wind Chris up.

"Cos his cocks the size of a coppers truncheon. Now fuck off and leave us alone." I called out from under the protective arms of my 20 stone gorilla.

"Piss off back to yer own room." Groaned Chris, grinding his hips into mine in appreciation of my compliment.

"I cant go back in there. Kevin's Got that bloody Brenda back again." Andy moaned. 

"Well, I've got Linda in here, so tough shit." Said Chris

"I can't bear another night like last night. Every couple of minutes she squeaks "I've got air trapped up there" then she makes fartin noises out of her snatch. How the fuck he was fuckin her I don't know." Andy grumbled.

We're all laughing now, especially when he starts imitating the noises. "phthrrt........... phthrrt........ phthrrt"

"Hey, nice action you got there Chris. Wots that little wiggle of the hips at the end of the downstroke about then?" Andy asks, watching us openly. 

"When you are packin a big tool boys you have to work it in right." Chris replies, with a smirk and a thrust into me that makes me gasp in pleasure.

"Nice. Might have te give that a try." Andy comes closer, looking me in the eye as I revel in the feel of Chris's hot hard shaft sliding deeply. I moan, starting to care less about the ineruption and more about the desire. 

"How does it feel at your end luv?" Andy asks. My eyes open and he is right there infront of me, reading the glazed look I give him.

"It feels bloody fabulous." I groan. "But all this is goin' to waste with you two mouthy morons in here. Now piss off and let us get on with it." I'm starting to plead rather than insist.

"I just said, I'm not going back in there with them." Andy retorted 

"I don't give a fuck where you go, just sit ouside for all I care. Just shut the fuck up and give us some fucking privacy." Chris shouted, rearing up.

I gasped again. My body was still doing its own thing and his sudden movement made his cock sink even deeper into me. The stab of painful pleasure was amazing. This guy was the fuck of a lifetime, why did these idiots have to be ruining it!

"We'll just sit at the table here and watch a bit." Andy said as he sat down.

"Just how the fuck am I supposed to get my game on with Linda here if you two are in the room?" Chris asked. I clutched him tightly, grinding my hips into his thrilling at the sensations coursing through me.

"Don't mind us mate, we'll just have a couple of beers and play some cards." Johnny replied as he too sat down. "Besides, Linda doesn't seem to mind us."

It was true, my body was still completely into the fucking despite my mind's distractions. "Jesus, it's like trying to fuck with Laurel and Hardy on the telly!" Chris grumbled as he turned his attention back to me.

He took up his long deep strokes again and my drunken mind swooned and blocked out everything but the feelings.

"That's a bit harsh, mate, this is Johnny's room too and we're just tryin te be friendly." I heard Andy say but it was as if he wasn't there anymore. 

"Well go and try to be friendly with yer own lasses." Chris said, but it was half hearted now, he too was getting back into our fucking.

"Nah, the only ones left in the bar are the fat uns and them that's so drunk they cannat find thor rooms." Johnny replied. 

"Well you'll stand a fightin chance of getting laid then, bugger off down there for an hour or ..... Aaah." I panted. I was on the edge of a big cum, had been teasing along the edge of it, their distractions the only thing that had stopped me from crashing over the top of it.

"An hour or so! – fuck me girl you've got some stamina!" Andy grinned.

"Mind you Chris here's not going at any great pace." Johnny joined in. 

"Is that as fast as yer get mate?" Andy barracked.

"Speed isn't everything boys, now leave us alone." Chris mumbled as his mouth came down on mine.

Silence then, while they get their beers and settle down. I'm settling back into Chris's Rhythm and getting a bit of an added thrill from having an audience now that they have quietened down. I'm getting lost in the fucking, we changed positions a couple of times, I'm in heaven his cock and hands and mouth are amazing and it is feeling really really good when.........

"Look at her mouth, Johnny, fucking gorgeous lips she's got!" This was from Andy, leering at me. Chris was raised up off me, my legs over his shoulders as he plowed his meat in deep. I'm facing them, my mouth in a slack O of pleasure. "Hey, Linda, you wouldn't be in ter givin us a blow job while the gorilla here has his way with yer nether regions?" 

"Yeah, alright." I replied easily. 

"Wot, really?!" Andy couldn't believe his luck, he was up and walking across the room to me.

"No, yer fuckin moron. Now pick up yer cards and piss off down the bar where yer might find some daft old biddy drunk enough to take you up on it." I giggled, my mind coming back to reality.

"Oh, come on love, I'm hard already from watchin yer and it'll stop yer from gabbin and takin yer mind of yer shaggin. It wont tek long." He was stroking his cock through his pants, it looked hard alright.

"He's right about the last bit!" Johnny laughs from the table behind him.

"Oh fuck off mate, I might not have a coppers truncheon in me y-fronts but I've never received any complaints." He has it out and is proudly showing it off. "Here." He says, shoving it in my face. He looks at me with a grin on his face. "Be more fun than talking." His eyes daring me. 

Not quite sure what part of me was running the show at that point I opened my mouth and took him in. It was the break point, the thrill was immense. I wasn't ready for the rush. I love sucking cock and it felt like years since I had last done it. Greedily I reveled in it, my head bobbing desperately on his rapidly hardening shaft.

"Fuck me, maan she's good. Horny little bitch." Andy gasps. "Take yer time tho darling weve got all night." 

"Sod that Linda, get him off quick so I can have a bit." Johnny calls out.

"Who says you get anything?" I mumble, taking my mouth of the gorgeous cock and stroking it as I run my tongue all over it.

"Oh come on, that aint fair, givin them their jollies and not me." Johnny complains.

"I know what we should try. Chris, you flip her over so she's on top of you, Andy can have this talented mouth of hers and I'll fuck her in the arse." Andy says, laughing as he pulls his cock out of my greedy mouth.

"Fuck off, yer bastard. No one is putting anything in my arse." I say, shocked. 

"Don't worry about it, Linda, Lass, yer'll love it. The key is tons of lube." Andy says grabbing as swig from his bottle.

I tried to complain more but Johnny's cock was out now and fully at attention and as Chris was flipping me over, apparently quite fascinated by this new turn of events, he found just the right moment to shove it between my lips. As I opened my mouth to send out a further volley of abuse at them, Johnny slipped it in and lust rolled over me again.

In this position, sucking his cock was even more fun and impaled on Chris's cock, as I was the delight was almost too much for me to take. I started writhing on his pole, riding it, whining at every stroke. It felt so good and that sensual wave folded over me again.

I felt hands all over me, stroking, slapping even, it all felt good. The hands on my arse felt especially good, even the wet sticky fingers in the crack of my arse. Half heartedly I tried up to say no, but Johnny's hands held me tight to his crotch.

A finger slid in surprisingly easily and, surprisingly, felt kind of good too. Then another. Andy fucked me with them, spreading them a little as he did it. 

"That's right lass, I told you you'd enjoy it, just you wait til its my cock in there." Andy soothed. He could feel me pusing back onto his fingers and moaning onto Johnny's cock.

I whimpered a little when he pulled them out but they were soon replaced with the head of his rock hard cock. I moaned and rocked as he slowly bore down into me, allowing my own rocking motions to carry him into my arse.

Oh, fuck, he felt huge. He held still for while but then started moving, sawing into me with long deep strokes that took my breath away. I was panting and gasping as he took me while both his friends filled my other holes. My pussy afire with pleasure wrapped around Chris's meat, my mouth stretched greedily wide on Johnny's hard pole. 

I was completely lost to the fucking. Everything felt good, their hands and mouths and cocks. Three big powerful guys lost in their own rutting. swallowing me up and using me. 

Andy had gabbed my hips and increased his tempo, occasionally slapping my bum with fierce hands. He used my pony tail to alternately force my mouth down deeper onto Johnny's Cock and lift me off it so he could get me to beg for more of it or more of his cock when he teased it around the outside of my arsehole.

Someone was pulling on my nipples and mauling my tits, someone was chewing on my neck, someone was telling me what a slut I was, I didn't care. I was so far gone it all felt good. I crashed headlong into an orgasm that would have had me screaming the walls down if the big thick cock wasn't so securely gagging me. I came and came and came one orgasm after another after another. Moaning around the cock in my mouth I pushed back onto the two cocks in my pussy and arse. Grinding my clit down onto Chris's rock hard shaft. Johnny came first filling my mouth with his cum,, then Andy and Chris both shouting out their orgasms, pounding into me with all their might. Clutching at me as if I was their last desperate hope, then slowing and finally coming to rest.

Andy pulled me up and off his big friend and using my ponytail as a leash, hauled me into the bathroom, saying, best get you cleaned up whore. Once the door was shut and the shower on, he pushed me to my knees and his cock, still hard and slick from my well lubed arse was offered to me. Why, to this day, I will never understand, I took it between my lips, but I did, and greedily. He filled and fucked my mouth, telling me what a dirty slut I was. He stood me up and fucked me against the shower wall, my legs spread wide, eager for him. Pulling out he'd wait for me to beg for him back inside me before driving in hard, making me moan til I came again. His own second orgasm came all too quickly. The hot shower water adding to the thrill of the tidal wave of pleasure he led me through. 

After he came, I continued to writhe in a fever of orgasmic bliss, his fingers seeking out my clit, rolling it between them, squeezing and pinching the soft nub. I looked down in fascination at the one hand that could give me so much pleasure. His other hand went to his cock and directed a hot stream of piss all over me. I looked into his hot hungry eyes and came again, his dirty words "dirty little slut" ringing in my ears.

We stayed in the shower, the hot clean water calming away the rush and intensity. Finally he turned off the water, gently dried me and almost carried me out of the bathroom. Both the other guys were in their beds, the alcohol drowning them. He tucked me into bed beside Chris, kissed me on the forehead and left the room. 

Chris rolled over and on top of me. His cock again hard probing at my swollen pussy lips. My body responded to my amazement. I spread my legs and his big cockhead slipped along the slippery flesh. My body wanted more, my astonished mind revelled in this new insatiability.

When he slipped in, he did it slowly, tenderly. He fucked me slow and deep, and seemingly endlessly. We sped up and slowed down. I lost track of time, he had me in all kinds of positions, it all felt good. When he came, I had been so close for so long it came like a relief. I came in a long slow animal moan, clutching at him, desperate for the deepest thrusting of that huge cock. Fuck! it was good.

I woke to the feeling of the gorilla's big hard cock trying to break into my very tender pussy. It was 1 in the afternoon. Chris and I fucked three more times before we finally surfaced for food or drink and somewhere in there Johnny also fucked me and got another blowjob. When I finally returned to my friends on the beach the sun was starting to loose its heat it was so late. They gave me a standing ovation, and that was without knowing what had gone on behind that hotelroom door.

I never heard from any of those blokes again, until valentines day when out of the blue came a card. It was pink soft and all the words were flowery and soft until inside I read: Dirty Little Slut, Lanzarotte 2009 and a phone number. I was shocked and slapped the card down. The cheeky sod, how dare he! But I had to admit I was instantly horny and that phone number has been nagging at me ever since.