 Author's Notes: 

This story was told to me by Debbi who I met in Literotica Chat. She gave me permission to re-tell this tale of erotic debauchery to my fellow Literotica readers. 

As always, I'd like to thank my editor and friend Pete who keeps me within the bounds of proper English and grammar. 

Lastly, this is a cheating wives story. If the subject of cheating wives offends you, please stop reading this story immediately and promptly kiss your wife and thank her profusely for not doing this to you. 

Thank you. J 

********* 

I anxiously tapped my foot in the foyer of our large suburban home in Lemont Furnace, Pennsylvania. It was Friday night and my best friend Gina was supposed to be picking me up at 8 p.m. It was already five minutes after, so obviously she must be having problems with her new babysitter again. God, it was times like these when I was happy I didn't have children. She always seemed to be putting out fires of one sort or another. Thankfully, my husband David only brings up the idea of having kids sporadically and a nice, slow, blow job is a quick way for me to 'change the subject' when he does. I'm only 33, so I know I can stall him on the whole kids thing for a while longer. 

For the last five years, my life has been very easy. Upon graduating from college, I took an entry level position at a venture capital firm. It was a tedious, boring job that I loathed with every fiber of my being. Just imagine, a fun, college party girl, being stuck in an office behind a desk all day. For me, it was the very definition of monotonous insanity. The only redeeming thing about that job was meeting my husband. He is a very successful investment banker, and after dating for two years, he proposed and I was able to quit my job and start the profession that I was always meant to have; a stay at home wife. 

David is a wonderful man who dotes on me constantly. The only thing he seems to love more than me is his job. To be honest, he's a workaholic who spends fourteen to sixteen hour days at the office. I don't mind though, his hard work pays for our upper class lifestyle of new luxury cars and my almost constant, non-stop shopping. We also love to travel, that is, when I can get him to take a few days off. We love Europe and South America the most, but when he's too busy with work, I usually get to have weekend getaways to Los Angeles or Las Vegas with my friends. 

Our sex life is also really good. That is, when I can get him away from his mountainous stack of papers long enough to mount me. Although he's handsome, David didn't have too many sexual partners before he met me, so I had to teach him a few things concerning carnal pursuits which I have really enjoyed. As for me, on the other hand, well, you know... let's just say I'm a bit more experienced. I've always had a high sex drive and as hard as I tried in the beginning, I've never been faithful to David. Not when we were dating, or after we got married. It doesn't mean that I love him less, only that I need more attention from men than he has time to give me. I'm very selective and careful about the trysts I engage in, but when I get that itch, I just can't seem to help but scratch it. David is too consumed with his work to ask too many questions and I've always made sure that he's taken care of in the bedroom. Our situation may not be typical, but we are happy and it works for us. 

About damn time. I see headlights pulling into our large driveway, Gina's here. Her babysitter must have finally showed up. I take a moment and check my look in the large mirror in our living room. I spent over an hour working on my curly, shoulder length, brownish-blonde hair and makeup. I chose to wear a short, white matte halter dress with white strappy sandals to complete the look. The dress had a very deep v-cut in the front which displayed my 34c breasts nicely. I work out at least four times a week to maintain my college weight of 125 pounds and the very short dress helped show off my toned, tan thighs nicely. 

I could hear my heels clicking on the ceramic pavers of the driveway as I walked out, and then slipped into Gina's Mercedes E Class convertible Cabriolet. Her divorce was finalized about six months ago and she was finally starting to get 'back in the saddle' with me and go out. Judging from the sporty car, it was also pretty obvious that she was starting to spend some of the money from her very lucrative divorce settlement. Two things that don't mix: a hot, blonde, young secretary and a marriage without a prenup. Her ex was finding that out all too well. 

"Debbi, you look amazing girl," she said, as we kissed cheeks. 

"Thank you Gina, so do you," I said, letting my eyes wander over her smooth, olive complexion thighs before I continued speaking. "All of that work in spin class is really paying off for you." 

Ever since her divorce, Gina had wanted to get into better shape and lose the last ten pounds of baby weight from her last pregnancy. The stationary bikes were great cardio and her legs looked amazing in the little dress and heels she chose to wear this evening. 

"I thought that damn babysitter would never show up," she said in exasperation. 

"I'm glad she did, for a while I thought you might have to cancel on me." 

"And miss an evening with you? Never," she said, flashing me her beautiful smile. 

She was wearing a really cute neon pink, sleeveless, bandage dress that showed quite a bit of her great cleavage. It was nice to see that she was getting her confidence back after her split with her husband. 

I had 'experimented' quite often with other women in college, and a few times since, when the opportunity presented itself. I had been tempted to see if Gina would be receptive to the idea of taking things further with me, but so far, I had been reticent to make a move. She told me that she had always been faithful to her ex-husband, and it was only recently that she agreed to go out and 'hunt' with me. She always struck me as being more on the conservative side, but these 'baby steps' she kept taking was promising. There was a wanton woman in there somewhere; and slowly, with my help, I was bringing it out of her. I just had to be patient and not push her too far, too fast. 

"So what's the plan for this evening?" she said, keeping her eyes on the road. 

"There is a bar close to campus called Zeno's, and we are going to check it out." 

We lived very close to Penn State and I eavesdropped on some of the college girls at the gym that said Zeno's was a great bar that was always full of college guys. Perfect hunting ground, I thought. 

About twenty minutes later, we pulled up in front of Zeno's and the parking lot was packed. Even though it was only a little before nine, there was a swarm of college guys in the parking lot, and as we made our way up to the door, I overheard some of their muffled talk. Even though they thought they were speaking softly enough for me not hear them, I could clearly make out the lewd and lustful things they were saying to each other about our appearance and how Gina and I were dressed. God, this was going to be a good night. 

My first impression of Zeno's was similar that of any other typical college sports bar. It had large flat screen TV's mounted on the wall playing every type of collegiate and professional sporting events. The bar also had large dark oak columns that were broken up by brick and mortar pillars giving it a rustic, yet classic look. The walls were also plastered with banners and posters from almost every professional and college sport team in Pennsylvania. 

My eavesdropping at the gym had paid off and true to the gym girls word, the bar was packed with college guys. There were a few women scattered about, but they all looked like they were accompanied by their boyfriends. The situation was perfect, a whole bar full of young college guys to pick from with little, or no competition from younger college girls. 

"Should we find a table and see if we can get the attention of one of the waitresses?" Gina asked, while she surveyed the scene inside the crowded bar. 

I noticed that there was a small group of guys congregating around the bar who were laughing and joking with each other. That was where we needed to make our scene, I thought. 

I grabbed Gina's hand, "C'mon, I think I found the perfect spot." 

Gina and I walked over to the bar and sat down on the stools and I ordered two Margaritas. Just as I was pulling some cash out of my purse, one of the guys in the group slid his debit card across the bar. 

"Their drinks are on me," he said to the bartender, while giving me a devilishly handsome, boyish smile. 

"Thank you so much," I said, giving him a big, flirty smile. "I'm Debbi and this is my friend Gina." 

"I'm Mike," he said, "and these are my friends who are also members of the Penn State Lacrosse Team." 

While he rattled off the seven names of his teammates, I had chance to take a closer look at him. God, he looked so young. He obviously had to be twenty-one to be in the bar. But damn, he looked like he should still be high school. I guessed that he was about six feet tall and a little lanky from all of the obvious physical activity. He had sparkling blue eyes and shoulder length wavy blond hair. He had that classic 'pretty boy' look that I was instantly attracted to. Even though he looked lean, he still had plenty of muscle and it was very apparent that he was in excellent physical condition. 

Almost immediately, the group of guys surrounded us and began to chat us up while we sipped our drinks. They were all so flirty and fun, God, I was in heaven. 

"I love your dress," Mike said, between sips of his beer. "You look so sexy and classy, you've got a great look," he said, gushing about my appearance, in a not so subtle attempt to win points with me. 

"Flattery will get you everywhere," I purred sexily, as I flirtatiously rubbed his arm, letting him know I was interested. 

I looked over at Gina and she was finally starting to settle down and talk with the four guys who were around her. I knew she wasn't use to this type of onslaught by young men, but she quickly settled in and held her own and started to enjoy the amorous attention from all of our young, would-be suitors. 

Just as we had finished our margaritas, one of the guys exclaimed, "OK, it's time to celebrate our win today, time for some tequila shots." 

He slid his credit card across the bar and announced, "I need a round of ten shots of Patron for my friends and these beautiful women." 

The other seven guys cheered as the bartender began filling up shot glasses. 

Gina gave me a look of apprehension and I winked and gave her a 'just go with it,' grin and she reluctantly smiled. A couple of shots would help loosen her up anyway. 

Just as the bartender was finishing the pour, Gina's phone rang. She retrieved it out of her purse and walked away from our noisy group so she could answer it. 

The shots were distributed and everyone raised their tiny glasses into the air. 

"To another championship season," he proudly exclaimed, as we all tipped our shots back. 

I could feel the Patron burning all the way down to my toes. Damn, this was going to be a good night. 

Just as Mike began to chat me up again, Gina approached and whispered into my ear. 

"One of my kids is running a fever and the babysitter is freaking out. I'm so sorry to have to cut this short, but I'm going to have to bow out tonight," she said reluctantly. 

I saw the look of concern in her eyes and I could tell immediately how worried she was. 

"That's fine honey. I will stay and have another drink, and when I'm ready, I'll call a cab to take me home," I said, whispering into her ear. 

She looked at me warily, "Are you sure you'll be all right with all these guys?" 

"They are sweet guys, I'll be fine. Just make sure your kid is alright." 

She smiled, "I'll give you a call tomorrow," she said. Gina then gave me a big hug, turned, and walked towards the front door of the bar. 

"Where is your friend going?" Mike said, giving me a disappointed, pouty look. 

"Something came up and she had to take off." 

I didn't want to admit to him that the reason she had to go was to take care of one of her kids. As hot as we were looking tonight, neither of us appeared to be old enough to be married or have kids. I could have been wrong, but I was pretty sure these young guys didn't think of us as being 'thirty-something'. It was fun pretending, even if only for an evening, that we were their age again. 

"I hope everything is alright," he said, feigning a look of concern. 

I was pretty sure he didn't care one way or another about Gina's desertion of our little party, as long as I wasn't leaving with her. 

"I'm sure everything will be fine," I said, giving him a kittenish smile. 

"That's great then," he said happily, "our celebration rolls on then. Another round of shots for everyone!" 

We did another round of Patron shots and I was starting to feel loose and relaxed. Now that Gina had left, the attention of the guys was now solely on me; and the more we drank, the bolder the young men's flirting became. 

"That dress looks amazing on you," one of the guys said. "It shows off your legs so well." 

"Oh, this old thing," I saucily exclaimed while gently pulling at the hem of my little dress. 

I knew this little white dress showed off my tan legs perfectly, that was the reason I bought it, but it was always nice to get that kind of affirmation from such a young, handsome guy. God, I felt like I was in college again, this place is wonderful. 

A few minutes later, one of the guys called for another celebratory round of tequila shots. While the bartender was setting up the glasses, Mike leaned in and whispered into my ear. 

"It's easier for me to get the shot down if I lick some salt first, would you mind?" 

"No, I'm ok with you licking salt before you do your shot," I said, not fully grasping what he intended to do. 

He smiled, leaned in, then kissed and licked my neck, causing to me moan softly in his ear. Then, he grabbed a shaker of salt from the bar and shook it on my neck, salt sticking to his saliva from where he had kissed and licked me. He playfully grinned, leaned in again and licked the salt from my neck and then proceeded to down his shot with the rest of us. 

I had to admit it had been years, probably going all the way back to my days in college, since a guy had licked salt off of my neck before doing a tequila shot. It was such a cocky, bold, move from this young kid and I had to admire his fearless audaciousness. 

The whole group hooped and hollered when they witnessed Mike licking the salt from my neck. 

"Your cleavage looks so good in that dress," one of the guys said daringly, while he slid up against me as I sat on the bar stool. 

"I almost didn't wear it tonight, but I thought it would be perfect for our little celebration," I said shamelessly. 

Like I knew they were going to be here. Who cares... I was having a blast doing shots with them, especially since I was the center of attention now that Gina had gone home. 

The dress had such a low v-cut, it put a lot of my cleavage on display and it was so tight and form fitting, even without a bra, it held my breasts up and gave them a 'no sag' appearance. I felt so hot being in the center of this party and getting so much admiration from these young guys. 

"More shots," another one of the guys yelled out and I watched as the bartender immediately started setting up another round for us. 

Now more of the guys were getting bolder and everyone wanted to follow Mike's earlier move. I had guys licking salt from both sides of my neck, from portions of my exposed breasts, and one guy even licked salt off of my thighs. Before I knew it, phones were coming out and the guys were clicking pictures and taking videos of each other licking salt off of various parts of my body. 

I could feel the dampness between my legs as their mouths began to lick the salt off. I was getting so worked up from all the teasing and flirting, aided in no small part from the copious amounts of tequila the guys were buying me. 

Once the group had all licked salt from my body, we all downed our shots together amid the continuous hooping and cat calls. 

"I know what we need to do," one of the guys exclaimed. "We need to each put some money in and guess what color panties Debbi is wearing." 

Mike looked at me and smiled, "Are you game Deb?" 

"I'm alright with that, but you know, if I agree, I get half the pot just for participating," I said, teasing them. 

A loud cheer went up from all of the guys and immediately they began pulling out their wallets and began to each lay fifty dollars on the bar. There is nothing on Earth as much fun as a group of rich college boys, I thought. 

"Now, if i agree to this little game," I said loudly above their cheering, "and no one guesses correctly, I get to keep the money right?" 

The boys were instantly silenced as each of them pondered my question. Finally, after a few seconds one of them spoke up. 

"Hold on now, you are wearing panties right?" 

His question immediately silenced the group again as they waited for my response. 

"I'm wearing a thong boys, there is no way I'd ever wear panties under a dress this tight." 

A loud cheer went up from the group at my admission. God, I couldn't remember the last time I had this much fun. 

"So we are all in agreement," Mike said between the laughter. "If no one correctly guesses the color of Debbi's thong, she gets to keep the money." 

Another loud cheer went up from the group as they all agreed on my condition of our little game. 

"Hold on now. If we are going to risk fifty dollars, this has to be fair, she needs to show us the color of her thong, not just tell us," one of the guys said, in a not so subtle attempt to get me to show more skin than I already was. 

The group again went silent to see if I would agree to these new terms. 

I thought for a moment, pretending to contemplate their request, keeping them in suspense just a little longer. 

"Ok boys, but if I'm going to show everyone the color of my thong, I'm going to need another shot of tequila." 

Another loud cheer quickly went up and one of the guys immediately agreed to pony up for another round of shots for our group, so I'd have the 'courage' to show them what was under my little dress. 

In all honesty, I was so buzzed and turned on by this point I didn't care one way or another about drinking more alcohol. However, I did want to feel their mouths on me again. 

Each of the guys again licked, salted, and then licked my body which only served to work me up even more. The group was becoming more daring as they all now wanted to lick the salt off my breasts or thighs instead of my neck. While they took turns licking the salt off of me, I felt the moist, hot, swamp between my legs become more pronounced. My nipples were also starting to poke through the thin material of my dress. Damn, I couldn't remember the last time I had been this turned on. 

Once we had all downed our shots, our little game continued and each of the guys picked the color of my thong. "Black, Pink, Purple, Red, Blue, Brown, Green, Yellow"... They seemed to guess every color of the rainbow in their attempt to win the sizeable collection of money. 

Finally, each of the guys picked and stuck with a color. It was now my turn for the big reveal. 

"Well boys, brace yourself and be prepared for disappointment," I said teasingly. 

My heart was beating so rapidly I thought it was going to pound out of my chest. It's now or never I thought. 
