 While the arrangement did not last, my wife and I had a very wild six months with another couple we were friends with. Julie and Birch had moved to our town about a year earlier from down south. She was a very open and outgoing personality with amazing green eyes and a body that had very sexy curves with a slightly larger ass that was shaped nicely. Julie had a tendency to wear low cut shirts or leave an extra button undone which revealed plenty of cleavage and, when she leaned forward, allowed a very nice view of her bra-clad breasts. Needless to say, even though my wife, Theresa, and I have a fantastic sex life, I couldn't help looking at those tits when we were together. And Julie knew it.

Birch, being an avid sports fan hit it off with me right away. He was a regular guy and a lot of fun to hang out with, always ready with a laugh over some thing or another. Our wives got along well and hung out together during the day fairly often. As time went on, we all relaxed around one another and got to know one another's tendencies. I tend to be pretty flirtatious and open about sexual topics and, with Julie being the same way, our group conversations often turned quickly to sexual topics. We discussed things pretty openly and laughed a lot about the secrets we'd open up about, especially when we were drinking. Things became very open when it came to topics of sex and I caught Julie making sly looks at me more than once, which I always returned. I think she was also aware of the same looks going on between our spouses. We all senses the tension increasing and I often found an excuse to accompany Julie to the kitchen to mix drinks for everyone so I could "accidentally" let her notice my erection. She occasionally bumped against me while we maneuvered in the kitchen and would grin as she felt my cock against her ass and elsewhere.

I know Theresa and Birch shared some similar moments, though Theresa was much more reserved with her sexuality outside of our relationship, never being overly comfortable being ogled by other men even though it happened a lot. She is a beautiful woman and has a wonderful petite body with gorgeous curves and nice, full tits for her small frame. At 6' 1", I tower over her and have always enjoyed the size differential during sex with her as I'm able to easily manipulate her into any position we desire. Seeing her tiny pussy and small body impaled on my 8" cock is a delight that, even after 21 years together, still thrills me to no end. She is the perfect wife and the perfect sexual partner. But it was obvious we were both feeling a little excitement about something neither of us ever dreamed would happen with another couple.

As New Year's approached, we planned to have Julie and Birch over to celebrate. Theresa told me she and Julie had been planning a surprise and I'd find out what it was on New Year's Eve. I was excited about what it would be and had a strong suspicion it might involve an advancement of the erotic tension that had been growing with all of us. That night, I built a fire on our back patio. We have a secluded back yard with a hot tub near the fire pit and Theresa and I spent many a night naked in the hot tub enjoying one another. We had planned to spend time with Julie and Birch in the hot tub that night and enjoy drinks to bring in the new year. After they arrived, we hung out awhile and had a few drinks, at some snacks, and talked as we listened to music. Eventually, the girls suggested we head to the hot tub and told Birch and me to go on out and that they'd join us shortly. We both grabbed a fresh beer and headed out to stoke the fire and hop in the hot tub. 

A few minutes later, here came our wives wearing bikini bottoms and white t-shirts. I was a little curious about the shirts but figured it was chilly so they may have wanted to just cover up till they got in. Of course, a woman's breasts outlined in a nice white shirt has always been a huge turn on for me so I was not complaining! I was taken by surprise when they both hopped into the hot tub and kept their shirts on. The moment the water hit their shirts, I realized what the surprise was - neither lady was wearing a bikini top! It was the best wet t-shirt event I'd ever seen as two sets of beautiful tits, one I had only been able to fantasize about till then, were on full display for us. I was instantly hard, my cock straightening awkwardly in my trunks, and grabbed Theresa, pulled her to me and gave her a deep kiss as I fondled the beautiful breasts I knew so well. I heard Julie laugh and comment how hot it was to see us embracing like that. We sat back into our seats and all laughed about the look on my face as the surprise was revealed as it turned out Birch had been in on the planning, leaving me the only one who was out of the loop. I was thrilled with the result and couldn't have cared less about the secret at that point!

Of course, I commented on how nice Julie's tits looked and she thanked me with a thick southern drawl for the compliment. Birch was staring at Theresa's tits, bobbing just below the surface of the water and was enjoying how her hard nipples were poking at the fabric of her shirt. I noticed he was also shifting in his seat, probably adjusting his hard on. We continued to drink and talk for awhile and I periodically admitted that I loved the surprise and that I had a raging hard on to show my appreciation! 

After a bit, Julie suggested we play truth or dare. We all knew at that point that our heated sexuality was about to be brought to life and readily agreed to the game. Not surprisingly, the bold Julie went first. She asked Theresa to choose and she opted for a "truth" challenge. Julie asked her if she was turned on by what we were doing and when Theresa answered that she was, we all knew the fun was about to start. My wife then asked me to pick and I chose a dare. I was floored when she dared me to, close my eyes, sit back, and try to tell whose tits would be in my mouth! A moment later, with no idea who would be first, a nipple slip across my lips to my waiting tongue. I knew instantly that it was Julie and I nearly exploded in my trunks. Of course, I wanted to savor the moment so I didn't offer to sample number two too quickly. She moved her other breast to my mouth and I sucked on her nipples and licked both breasts for a minute before she pulled away and Theresa slid into place. I know her tits so well that I fell right into a pattern of sucking and licking that I know gets her turned on and listened to all of them laughing as I laid back with my eyes shut, still not believing we were doing this.

After another minute of this, she slid back across the hot tub into her seat and said I could open my eyes. Of course, I nailed the order of whose tits I had been sucking and got to offer the next challenge. Julie accepted a dare and before we knew it, Birch and I were watching wide mouthed as she took my challenge and our wives embraced and swirled their tongues around one another's mouths. After a moment of their heated kissing, they began fondling each other's tits and moaning with the obvious pleasure. When they stopped, Birch said he wasn't done and encouraged them to continue. We all laughed, a sign that the tension was building, and Julie challenged her husband next. Things quickly escalated at that point. She dared him to take off his shorts and let her suck his cock in front of us. He readily accepted the challenge and before we knew it, his shorts were on the patio and he was standing in front of Julie with his cock pointing at her face. She smiled at him and took his erection into her mouth, past her full and very sultry lips, all the while staring sideways at me. Theresa was glued to the scene in front of her and enjoying Birch's cock, comparable to mine in size, being sucked by his wife. This was the first time either of us had seen another couple having sex in front of us and it was a huge turn on. 

Birch next dared Theresa to blow me and we were both ready to go. I slipped off my shorts and stood up, my cock coming out of the water. It was the first time Julie had seen it and she must have liked the sight because she uttered, in a low, breathy voice, "my gosh, Tony is really hard!" I turned towards her to give her a good view and she was visibly turned on. I turned back to my wife and anxiously awaited her oral attention. She leaned forward and began softly licking me from my balls to the tip of my cock, getting it all over before drawing me into her mouth. She took the whole length in and nearly sent me over the edge in doing so. She then began working her head up and down on my shaft as I held onto her. I felt a hand on my leg and looked down to see Julie smiling up at me, obviously wanting to have a part in what was going on. After a few minutes, Theresa stopped and sat back. I stood there a moment longer and saw a big drop of precum ooze out of my cock and start dripping towards the water. Julie reached out as she asked Theresa if she minded and slid a finger along my cock, catching the string of fluid and rubbing it on her now exposed tits. I hadn't noticed when she did it, but her shirt was floating on the water and her gorgeous tits were on full display. Julie had really large areolas and full nipples. I was very appreciative of the contact with my cock and seeing what she wanted to do with my juices.

I was shocked when Theresa, with her next turn, dared Birch to let both women mouth his cock at the same time. He didn't hesitate to jump up and position himself in front of her as Julie slid in next to Theresa. They began licking his cock and Theresa started fondling his balls, one of my favorite things that she does to me when giving me a blowjob or a handjob. Birch seemed to love the attention as he widened his stance to give her fuller access to his sack. He began thrusting his cock into her mouth as Theresa opened up wider and let him in, then he pulled out and stuck it into Julie's mouth. The women traded his cock back and forth a few more times before pushing him away and telling him to save himself for a bit longer. He reluctantly sat down and quickly afforded me the courtesy of the same pleasure he just experienced. Of course, I was up to his dare and turned first to Julie, cupping her chin and guiding my cock into her mouth. She moaned as she took it in and I almost came in her mouth, but wanted to save my orgasm for the right moment. I stood there and watched this beautiful blonde suck my cock and smiled as Theresa moved in to start licking my shaft every time it came out of Julie's mouth. They took turns on me until my cock was throbbing with excitement and Theresa recognized that I was getting close to my orgasm. She stopped the action and tugged down on my tight balls to relax the pressure a bit and keep me from going over the edge.

I next dared my wife to do whatever Julie instructed. Birch and I were both thrilled when Julie said she wanted to eat Theresa's pussy! Theresa laid back and let herself float on the water as Julie slid in between her legs. Julie is much taller than my wife and so she lifted Theresa's legs and ass out of the water, draped the legs over her shoulders, and leaned forward, sliding her bikini bottoms to the side to reveal Theresa's neatly groomed pussy and began darting her tongue in and out of Theresa's slit. I reached out slid Julie's bottoms aside and began rubbing her pussy as she worked on my wife as Birch began fondling Theresa's tits. Julie wiggled her pussy against my hand and, without missing a beat on my wife's pussy, reached down, grabbed my hand, and guided two of my fingers into her soaking wet pussy. She was so turned on that even under water I could feel her lubricated inner walls convulse against my fingers. Birch was now sucking Theresa's tits and she was moaning on the verge of her own orgasm. Julie began bucking against my thrusting fingers and had her orgasm moments before Theresa let go and evidently flooded Julie's mouth with her own pussy juice. Julie plastered her face to Theresa's cunt and they both shook and moaned as their orgasms took over. When they finished, we all sat speechless, realizing this had just turned into an incredibly hot outing!

Julie then commented that the women had just gotten off and she felt the men needed to, as well. "Besides", she very bluntly stated, I want to see Tony blow a load from that cock I've been enjoying all night!" I nearly granted her wish at that moment! Theresa stood up and, noting that it was her turn to call the shots, slipped off her shirt and bikini bottoms and told me to fuck her from behind in front of our friends. She was usually reserved about bold sexual talk but, obviously taken up in the heat of our experience, told me shove my cock into her cunt so our friends could watch me fuck her. Hearing that language out of my wife was almost all I needed to blow a load right there as I wondered what it would take to keep this side of her coming out on a regular basis. I grabbed her hips and shoved my cock into her still dripping pussy, almost knocking her out of the hot tub. I started to piston in and out of her furiously, moaning loudly as the built up passion of the past events very quickly sent me towards the brink of orgasm. Julie had positioned herself right next to us so she could watch us fuck from just inches away and seeing the look on her face sent me over the top. 

I thrust one more time deeply into Theresa's cunt, held it there for a moment as my orgasm raced up my cock, and then pulled out to shoot my load. As I started to cum, I grabbed Julie's head and pulled her face against the small of Theresa's back and began shooting rope after rope up Theresa's back, but being sure some of it hit Julie, as well. She was furiously rubbing her own cunt as she had another orgasm. Birch quickly slid around behind her and forced himself into her pussy as they stood up out of the water. Julie arched her back, pressing her ass up against Birch's hips as he pounded her cunt while holding on to her tits to keep from knocking her over. He was as ready as I had been as it was just moments before he launched his own load deep into Julie pussy, pulling her hips back against his as he came. Theresa and I had sat back together and were still breathing heavily as we watched our friends reach the pinnacle of their fucking. Shortly after, we all went inside and got cleaned up, the mood light again with the conclusion of our first shared sex.

Our hot tub became a regular destination for the next few months and we occasionally engaged in the same activities in the king sized bed at Julie and Birch's home. Our foreplay with one or the other of the ladies or between the two ladies always ended up with us having sex with our spouses next to one another. Even though we never fucked each other's wives, we did bring one another to orgasm many times orally and by hand, but it was ultimately amazing to me to be stretching Theresa's pussy open with my swollen cock as Julie and Birch did the same right beside us.

Over time, Theresa began having doubts about the relationship with them because she sensed that I was getting more and more attracted to Julie, and she was right. To make it worse, it was mutual with Julie and things began to get uncomfortable. While it was hard for me to do so, I eventually had to admit to Theresa that things were close to getting unhealthy and, valuing my marriage more than my desire to live this wild swinging lifestyle, I agreed with her that we needed to end the sexual encounters with our friends. Things had gotten awkward and our friendship began to drift. Ultimately, we stopped hanging out together and Birch's job took them away permanently about a year later. While Theresa and I never relive those times any longer during our sex, I still masturbate now and then with memories of that wild stretch of time and the things Julie and I did when we were all together and the little, limited encounters she and I had when neither of our spouses were around. In spite of those occasional trips down memory lane, I know we made the right choice to end things when we did and Theresa and I are stronger and more in love for having experienced such a thing together.