 The ring had been given, my proposal accepted. The venue had been scheduled, caterers contracted, flowers arranged, and now it seemed all that was left was a series of unending checks flowing out of the accounts to pay for it all. The reality was there were so many small things to arrange. So we spent the weekends shopping and planning with the bridesmaids, commuting through the mountain pass from Waterville, a modest city nestled in a valley cut through the middle by the Columbia River.

The groomsmen were easy to work with. They hardly cared what the wedding looked like, what was served at the reception, or any of that stuff. They had only one thing in mind: Bachelor Party. Most of the planning was done with Sarah, my bride, and I visiting with her Maid of Honor and the bridesmaids in the greater Seattle area.

Each visit ended with passionate sex when we got home. We've always enjoyed each other alone. Our sex life was not at all suffering or dwindling. We've always had the wish to have another woman join us in a threesome, but it has never happened. We had talked and Sarah, with my cock in hand, told me if I ever had the opportunity to bring a girl home to pursue it. We agreed to take a more active approach in finding the woman to join us in our fantasy.

Still, the wedding was our priority and so our search had not yielded anything other than thin agreements with people we'd met online but always fell short of meeting. Frustrated with the search I'd nearly given up. I felt defeated even though it seemed like there were so many willing women everywhere else but none there when we cast our gaze toward them.

I climbed out of the car and shut the door. Snow was falling, unusual for Seattle, with large flakes spiraling from the white sky above. A brilliant glow marked the otherwise featureless white cloud blanket where the sun shone from the south. No stranger to snow I passed the regular Seattleites in a rush to escape the cold touch of the snowflakes and get home before the accidents began. For some reason people in Seattle are incapable of driving in more than an inch of snow without having an accident. I was the lone customer as I entered the small mom-and-pop tux shop for my fitting.

It was warm in the shop, brightly lit with several displays of men's torsos against the wall, and racks of suit separates spread across the sales floor. Two small fitting rooms had been erected on the wall flanked by the sales counter. On the other side of the counter was an open door leading into a room lined with measuring tape and tuxedo jackets and slacks.

"Hello?" I called out. "I'm here for my appointment to get fitted for a tux."

I heard a shifting of boxes and the scrape of hangers on metal bars and then a woman shouted back at me, "I'm sorry, I'll be right out."

I glanced around the shop while I waited, pulling suit jackets out and holding them against my chest as I looked into the full length mirror on the wall, and then put it back on the rack, not liking how the fabric looked on me. I shoved a couple more to the side and pulled another. This one looked better and I made a mental note to ask about it after the fitting.

Footsteps announced the woman's arrival and I turned to find a younger woman in her mid-twenties, rather than the older woman, the "mom" of the mom-and-pop shop. She was slender and curvy, with modest breasts and curled dark chocolate hair draping down to her shoulder blades. Her skin was light but with an olive tint, smooth and soft with a couple of random dark freckles. She was beautiful, almost as much as Sarah. She was not much more than an inch taller than five-foot and she was dressed in tight dark pants and a low cut light green sweater over a barely higher low cut shirt with lace on its edges revealing the slight cleavage of her B-cup breasts. Her smile warmed me far more efficiently than the space heaters arranged around the room.

"You must be John," she said.

I nodded, "That would be me."

"If you want to wait a moment, we are going to close the shop because of the weather, but we can't very well turn you away now that you're here."

She walked to the door and flipped the lock and turned off the OPEN neon sign in one of the small windows. She taped a note to the door which explained to any stragglers why the shop was closed.

"Okay," she smiled, "Why don't you follow me back so we can take your measurements and look at some styles."

"Sounds good," I said as I followed her, my thoughts immediately going to those of bending her over and driving my long thick cock into her tight, wet pussy. 

In the back, the room had a large mirror which filled the wall opposite the jackets. Several pages detailing the proper way to take measurements and guides to certain types of tux features were laminated and pinned to the wall. Another door was at the back of the room, marked employees only.

"Stand here," she said as she pointed to the middle of the room in front of the mirror. She grabbed a clipboard from the front counter and came back in. "My name is Meagan, by the way."

She held out her hand and I shook it. I was right, her skin was impossibly smooth and her hand was warm in mine. She began filling out some of the information on her order form while we talked.

"So what are you getting the tuxedo for?" She asked.

"My wedding." I told her. Immediately she beamed as she lit up as most women do at the mention of weddings. I smiled, amused at the regular reaction.

"When is it?!" she inquired.

"In early April. We're having it over here because we are closer to the airport and we have a lot of friends and family flying in for it."

"That's wonderful." She said. "Are you excited?"

"Of course," I told her, "I'm just surprised at how much stuff really needs to be done. It never seems like there's that much to do when you're thinking about it before proposing."

"I know! Right?" She exclaimed. "So are you nervous about being off the market for good?"

"I wouldn't say I'm off the market, just more difficult to make a purchase."

She bit her lip as she pondered the meaning of that and the corners of her lips turned up into a stifled grin as she understood.

She pulled out one of the measuring tapes and wrapped it around my neck, then held it in place like a leash as she marked the measurement in her form, leaving the clipboard on a small stand next to us. She started working around, measuring my shoulders across, then down my arm. Then she swung the tape over my head as she pressed in close, and I could feel her breasts pressing into me as she grabbed the tape from around my back and measured my chest. When she stepped back with the tape held in place I could see small buds poking through both her shirt and sweater.

She worked her way down, measuring my waist, then my hips. She measured down the outside of my leg, then inside. She placed the tape at my ankle, and holding it in place she ran her hand all the way up my inseam and I definitely felt her give me a little something extra as she reached the top. Her hand lingered there, twisting and turning as though to get a better look at the tape, but I'm sure she was sizing me up in more ways than one. She repeated it on the other side, and then exhaled in mock frustration.

"I'm having some trouble measuring accurately through your pants, would you be comfortable taking them off?" she asked. "I just want to make sure to do this right for your wedding."

"Not a problem, it's fine." I said with a grin.

I reached down and started unclasping my belt and she unbuttoned them and pulled the zipper down. With my belt loose and my pants open to the bottom of the fly, she gently pulled them down to my ankles and watched as I stepped out of them. With care she folded them up and set them aside, then returned to kneel between my legs. 

She went through the motions again, and after both sides, each ending with an unabashed feel of my swelling cock, she again mocked frustration and huffed while she leaned back. Seeing my opportunity, I decided to follow Sarah's advice and not allow it to pass by. I started pushing my boxers down, letting my cock spring up, unrestrained.

Meagan pulled them the rest of the way and tossed them on my pants, no longer caring about being neat. She fanned her face with her hand.

"It's getting warm in here, don't you think?" she asked.

"It's definitely getting hot in here." I agreed.

She slipped her shirt and sweater off at one time and tossing it aside, letting me look at her perky breasts and her nipples rising out of them. All pretense of being measured went out the proverbial window as she leaned in and took my cock into her mouth. She moaned as she took me in, gripping the back of my thighs as she rocked forward and backward. 

I reached down as well as I could without accidentally pulling out of her mouth and grabbed her tit, feeling its warmth and softness, and teasing her nipple with my thumb. She pulled off of my cock and let it swing up and out of the way.

"Pinch my nipples," she demanded between gasping breaths and then she went back, sucking my balls, pulling one into her mouth, tonguing it and then swapping with the other. I did as she asked and licked my finger and thumb and then pinched her nipples, rolling them between my finger and thumb, squeezing, flicking and teasing, switching between the two. 

She pulled my cock into her mouth again, pulling on my thighs to drive herself to the base of my cock, deep-throating my six and a half inches. Sucking hard as she pulled off she flicked her tongue across the head of my cock, then pulled all the way down again. She repeated it several times, then pulled back and sucked only on the head, massaging and exploring with her tongue as she gently squeezed my balls.

I couldn't take it anymore, and I pulled back and started to push her onto her hands and knees but she pushed back, knowing what I intended. She shook her head, but smiled.

"You need to leave something for when you pick up your tux."

She stuffed my cock back into her mouth, and continued to suck, stroke, and squeeze me until I couldn't contain it anymore as my cock throbbed as I neared the end. She sucked the head and stroked the shaft until I was nearly there, then just before I shot out she pulled off and leaned back, aiming my cock at her chest as my hot cum exploded out, draping her tits with a pearl necklace. She smiled my cock continued to push cum out, no longer squirting out with force, but dribbling down her fingers as she gently stroked to its finished. She sucked the little amount still on my cock off and then stood. In the corner of the room was a towel, and with it she wiped my cum off of her hand and chest. 

She smiled at me as I pulled my boxers back on.

"You know, my fiancé and I are looking for someone to join us." I told her.

She shook her head, "I'm sorry, I've already got a girlfriend. I'm only allowed to play with guys."

I was disappointed, but I also had hope that sometime in the future she would be available. There is always hope. She finished marking my style options for my tux, and then we went up front. I could see an inch of snow building up covering my car and the parking lot. She rang up the total and I swiped my card, deciding to pay for the full amount instead just the deposit. She handed me my receipt after she walked around the counter to walk me out. She reached out and grabbed my arm, then pulled me down and kissed me long and hard, her tongue probing my mouth as expertly as it had my cock. She pulled away and smiled.

"Thank you and be sure to cum again." She quipped.

"I'll definitely be a repeat customer if this is the service we get." I said. I left and she locked the door behind me. By the time I was in the car the shop was dark. I started the car and pulled out into the slushy road, thinking about the sole kiss I got almost as much as the blow job.

---

I walked into Valerie's house without knocking. Valerie and Sarah sat on the couch together going over various fake flowers they had bought earlier in the day, debating on how to arrange the bouquets. Valerie was a college friend, 26 years old, same as Sarah, but she was short, just like Meagan was. The comparison made me flush as I recalled the blow job I'd gotten almost an hour before while getting fit for my tux. Valerie was curvy, slightly chubby but still very attractive. I'd never turn Valerie away except Valerie wasn't interested in us. She was as unkinky as they come. She had large breasts that she covered up while out at work or in public, but relaxing at home, even with us visiting, they were let out as she wore a loose girly T-shirt. She may or may not have noticed me staring every time she bent over doing laundry or picking something up. She also had dark hair, but it had a hint of red to it, and it was shorter than Meagan's, coming to her shoulders in waves, not tight curls. Her skin was tanned, which she never lost, even in winter.

Sarah had met Valerie in a class, before she'd even met me. They had immediately clicked and became close friends. They shared almost everything; there were very few secrets between them. Even our desire for a threesome was known to her, but as far as I knew she had never commented about it. She never talked about sex in any way. In the years we'd known her, she'd been on a handful of dates with men and never a second. I don't think she had ever seen a man naked, or been naked with a man. She had never talked about anything to do with sex with either Sarah or myself. I had joked with a friend that she probably would reproduce by cell division. She would just split in two halves and they would fill in and become two women. 

Sarah was taller, a couple inches shorter than my six foot even height. She had long and straight dusty brown hair which she usually kept up with a hair clip. She was full figured and curvy, also with large breasts. She was fair, like I was, though she lacked the shotgun blast of freckles that I have. She had ocean blue eyes that sparkled in the sun, just like looking over the waves of the sea. She wore a T-shirt with our college letters sewn on and a pair of jeans, keeping things simple while they lounged in the warm house as the snow storm started to turn the yards and streets white.

"Hi babe," I said as she rose up to meet me. I hugged her as we stood at the door and gave her a quick kiss. Valerie had gotten up to, and disappeared into the bathroom. Sarah glanced over when the bathroom door clicked shut and mischievously reached down my pants and gave my cock a squeeze. She hesitated as she felt my post-cum wetness and narrowed her eyes as if I were in trouble. Her sly grin told me otherwise. "Someone's been a bad boy." She said seductively.

I nodded, and leaned in to her ear and whispered, "I'll tell you all about it tonight in bed." 

We kissed more deeply than we had in front of Valerie, enjoying our embrace as I pulled her closer so her breasts pressed into me. I slipped one hand up her shirt and gently rubbed her breast over her soft satiny bra, and then rubbed my finger over the rising nipple being restrained by the cloth. The toilet flushed, signaling the end of our teasing, and she pulled her hand out of my pants, licking my wetness off her hand and fingers. I pulled my hand out of her shirt and when Valerie had come out of the bathroom we were sitting innocently on the couch together.

They spent half an hour showing me what they had bought, why they liked it, asking what I thought, asking if I had any suggestions to make them better, and on and on. I really didn't care that much but I feigned interest because as groom, I'm expected to share the decisions. My background in art made me most suited to decide what looked best out of all the others in the wedding party. I gave them my opinion, gave my suggestions, and let them make the decisions. Sometimes they ignored me, overruling my opinion because they, "just liked it better," and sometimes they agreed with me saying, "That's a really good idea."

As they continued putting ideas together for wedding favors, table centerpiece arrangements, convenience baskets for the bathrooms and the rest, I pulled out my phone and checked the pass report. It was a Saturday, and we planned to drive home on Sunday morning. The snow was hitting the pass hard, and when I had checked earlier it had become Traction Tires Advised. Now it had become Chains Required, which really meant John Puts On Required Chains. 

I told Sarah and she shrugged, "The plows will keep the road clear enough."

I just nodded, knowing it wasn't always true, but I put my phone back in my pocket and the girls finally called a break of the planning to get dinner. The snow wasn't too bad yet, only two inches so far, so we decided to head out and get dinner at a restaurant. 

---

We mulled over options in the car as Sarah drove. We decided on a nationally known grill. I always felt their food was mediocre and overpriced. Sarah got a chicken salad, and Valerie and I split a combo deal of two entrees and an appetizer for twenty bucks. We got mozzarella sticks that we shared between the three of us, ordered a beer and talked. 

Of course most of the conversation was about the wedding. Once you get engaged and set a date, ninety percent of your conversations will tie into the wedding somehow. Even the most unweddingish of topics will loop around and sucker punch you with wedding conversation. "Did you hear they caught that serial killer? Yeah, turns out he just got married. Speaking of which, what do you think about this for the wedding?" I really didn't mind, most of the time I just let my mind run and nodded and um-hummed at the right moments.

Our server sucked, and it seemed like everyone who had come in after us was served their meal before us, and ours was simple. She finally brought it out and set it in front of each of us, warning Valerie and I that ours were hot, and then disappeared into the back, never to be seen again until it was time to bring the bill.

"Have you thought about the honeymoon?" Valerie asked. It was one of the few parts I was really looking forward to.

"Yeah," Sarah nodded, "We're thinking we might just stay in town and bump up to the honeymoon suite for the night, but we might go to this nice place in the mountains overlooking a waterfall. It's very expensive though, five hundred a night, but it comes with an hour at the spa, a hundred dollar meal voucher in their gourmet restaurant. Plus the room comes with a two person Jacuzzi tub."

Any idiot could tell which she preferred. I'd already made the reservation, and put down a twenty percent deposit to guarantee the room and services, but she didn't know that.

"Sounds nice." Valerie admitted. "What else can you do there?"

"Have lots of sex." Sarah teased, and then giggled. Valerie blushed but didn't say anything. "But besides that they have a lounge with a huge fireplace that will be great to relax and read a book, and they have a nice pool with a vanishing edge that looks over the waterfall's edge."

"That sounds amazing." Valerie admitted.

"It's something to think about," I added. "It is still very expensive, and for just one night."

"That's a short honeymoon." Valerie said.

"It's only the first part," Sarah explained, "We're also planning on going on a trip during the summer, probably down to LA to see his family."

"That's nice," Valerie smiled. "I'm jealous."

---

We were beat when we finally made it back to Valerie's house. We had ended up stopping at Event City to see if they had anything we could use for the wedding, and we picked out a handful of things to see if they would work. I fell into a recliner and kicked out the foot rest. Valerie went into the kitchen with Sarah in tow and poured us each beers. 
