 Erin must have drifted off somewhat, because when she regained her senses, it was anywhere from a minute later to an hour later. It could not have been too long, she could still feel the sticky fluid of Dan's cum on her belly. Her mind was still fuzzy, and her pussy was still tingling with desire as she sat up. 

She grabbed a nearby box of tissue and wiped the semen off her stomach and bush. She picked up her black panties off the floor and slid them up her smooth legs. Grabbing her black bra, she put that on as well, and slid into her tight white T-shirt. Taking a deep breath, smiling to herself at her success at getting laid, she grabbed her drink off the nightstand. It was still half full. Her jeans lay on the floor in a heap as she sat on the edge of the bed and finished her drink. 

Suddenly, the door opened and in stumbled one of the younger members of the rugby team. He was 18, about 5'10, 155 pounds. What she didn't know was that he was Dan's younger brother.

"Oh!" he said in drunken surprise, "I didn't know anyone was in here!" In fact, he was told by Dan that Erin was in there, and that she was horny, easy, and drunk – as sure a thing as it gets!

"I was just coming in here to smoke a joint!" he said, "do you mind?"

"No, not at all!" she said, forgetting that she was still without her pants. He looked her over as he sat down on the bed beside her. She had some really sexy legs.

"I'm Trevor." He said, putting the joint to his mouth. 

"Erin." She said, giggling.

"Nice to meet you," he went on, "wanna toke?" he offered.

"Sure." She agreed, taking the joint from him. She was still quite drunk and a little stoned, and certainly had no business going for more like this. 

They went back and forth, talking about stupid things that neither one of them cared about until they finished the joint. Erin was quite out of it when it was all said and done. She was also incredibly horny. She wondered if she could get Dan back in here.

Trevor couldn't stop looking at the creamy white skin of her thighs, his cock grew quite hard in his jeans. He looked at her. 

When she turned to meet his gaze, his lips were on hers, his hand immediately falling on her knee. Caught off guard, she found herself kissing back as his hand slowly crept up her smooth thigh. 

As his hand reached the top of her thigh, he slipped a tongue into her mouth. He touched her crotch over her panties, feeling tremendous heat there. Erin sighed into his mouth and she found herself parting her legs further for him. What was she doing? All she got was this guy's name!

She continued to kiss him.

He could feel her swollen pussy lips through the thin cotton of her panties, and he was desperate to feel more. He slipped his hand into the side of her panties, trailing his fingers through the curls of her pubic hair. He found the hot wetness of her slit, and he dipped a finger inside. 

"Mmmm…" she moaned into his mouth as her warm tunnel engulfed his digit. He began to slide it in and out of her, sending thrills up her body. Her own tongue entered his mouth as she grew even more aroused. She found herself letting him lay her back on the bed, still kissing. He rolled on top of her, between her legs, sliding his finger out of her needy pussy. 

He began to grind himself against her, the bulge in his jeans was quite apparent to her as he rubbed it against her crotch. He began to kiss down her cheek to her neck. He quickly slid down her body, kissing her over her shirt a few times on the way. When he got to her pussy, he kissed it over her panties. 

Erin sighed, tingles shooting from her cunt. She found herself opening her legs up wide around him, needing this. He reached up and pushed her panties aside, revealing her magnificent pussy. Her lips were puckered and quivering with desire. His tongue snaked out and he tasted her, licking slowly up her slit to her clitoris. 

"Ohhh…" she sighed, toes curling. Having done this few times before, Trevor wasn't all too experienced. He was, however, very eager, and his tongue danced up and down her sensitive slit lightening quick. Erin was lost in the feeling, eyes closed, almost in a daze as this far younger man, barely a man at all, ate her pussy. He sucked her swollen lips into his mouth, pulling them outwards from her body. He let them slide slowly out from between his lips, sending sharp tingles up her body. 

He lifted up, eagerly grabbing the thin elastic of her panties and pulling hard. Unable to stop him, and not really sure she wanted to, she raised her ass off the bed, allowing him to slide the dainty things down her sexy legs and off her tiny feet. When she put her feet back down, they were flat on the bed, opened wide for him. 

He tore off his shirt and got back down between his legs. He slid his hands under her ass, holding the cheeks tightly as he slipped his tongue back into her tunnel. Still licking wildly over her cunt, he released her ass, reaching down and undoing his jeans. Trevor accidentally nudged her clitoris, and Erin gasped, reaching down to hold his head in place between her thighs. 

Meanwhile, Trevor had forced his pants and underwear down his legs, and he kicked them off, unleashing a smallish cock. A shade over 5 inches, he still had some growing to do (he hoped). He began stroking his dick as he tongued her pussy. 

After 5 minutes, all he succeeded in doing was making Erin insane with arousal. Every time she came close to an orgasm, he would fuck up the rhythm with his tongue, leaving her lying there, writhing with need. Finally, he stood up, and crawled up the bed towards her. Erin thought about making him put on a condom. If she was going to take a second penis into her body that night, she should at least make him wear a condom. 

Before she could say anything to him, though, he had placed the mushroom head of his manhood against the pink lips of her pussy. Trevor was breathing heavily, conscious of the tremendous heat that was pressed against the tip of his cock. He pushed forward, and the petals of Erin's pussy opened for him and allowed him to enter. He slid into her wetness in one stroke, moaning. 

"Ohhhh…" she moaned. He did not feel all that big. She felt good nonetheless. He lay on top of her, holding himself up on his arms as he began to thrust in and out of her. It felt amazing! He hadn't been with too many girls, and so was a little eager with his thrusts. He pulled her ass to the edge of the bed in such a way that he was now standing beside the bed, fucking her. 

"Unh! Oh! Oh! Unh! Oh! Oh!" she was moaning quietly. His penis felt so good sliding into her vagina like that, over and over, although it would feel that much better if he was well hung! 

Her moans were loud enough that she didn't hear the door quietly open. Dan crept inside. Trevor looked up, without breaking his rhythm. Seeing his older brother, he mouthed the words 'Get Out'. 

Dan just shook his head, smiling, and he pulled off his shirt. His jeans and underwear came off next, and he was left standing there, naked. His 6 inches plus of cock was in his hand, and he was stroking it as he approached the bed near Erin's head. 

She felt someone kneel on the bed beside her and she turned her head. Someone was leaning over her and there was a cock in her face. Drunk, high, and very very horny, Erin grabbed the cock and stuffed it in her mouth as another cock jammed in and out of her pussy. She had no idea that the two cocks that were in her body were the same flesh and blood. Dan grabbed her head, raising it off the bed and forcing his dick all the way into her mouth. 

She nearly gagged, but recovered enough to grab the base in one small hand and bob her head back and forth eagerly. "Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmmph! Mmmph!" she moaned, muffled. The cock felt so great inside her, but she found herself wanting the bigger one that was in her mouth to start fucking her. 

Trevor was losing it. He was young, he had little control. He assumed that she was on the pill. He thrust into her a few more times, orgasm building, then he jammed his penis all the way inside her vagina. Erin continued sucking on Dan's cock as Trevor's dick jerked inside her pussy. A huge wave of cum flowed forth, spraying off the back of her hungry cunt. He moaned, ejaculating again inside her. Without missing a beat, her lips continued to glide along Dan's shaft expertly. 

Trevor rubbed his groin against her mound, emptying what remained of his semen into her. He pulled his softening dick out of her with an audible 'slurp'. He grabbed his beer that he had set on the nightstand and took a swig, watching his brother get a killer blowjob. 'slurp slurp slurp slurp' she sucked on that cock loudly and eagerly, loving every second of it. 

Seeing her lean on one arm, sucking a cock, while her naked legs remained spread was turning Trevor on again. He thought about fucking her again. Giving his beer another swig, he walked back to the bed. Dan, meanwhile, was losing it again. This chick was amazing with that mouth! He moaned, hand holding the back of her head as she sucked him faster. 

"I'm cumming!" he groaned, warning her. Erin slid her lips down to the base of his cock, his head touching the back of her mouth. Her fingers played with his balls just as he lost it. She could feel his cock pulsating in her mouth, and hot, thick liquid sprayed the back of her throat. Her eyes were closed, giving her full concentration to swallowing his entire load. 

He moaned again, at the back of his mind he could hear her breathe through her nose as she swallowed another load of his semen. She could feel his hot load slide down her throat and into her stomach. 

Trevor, meanwhile, was running his partially hard cock up and down the lips of her cunt, trying to stimulate his manhood to full hardness. Her pink, swollen lips were so wet, he couldn't believe that he could not get hard enough to slide inside her. 

Erin sucked the last of Dan's cum out of his organ, and he pulled it out of her mouth. She looked down her body, seeing Trevor having a little trouble. 

"Come here and let me help you with that." She said. She couldn't believe that she was doing this, but she was having a great time! Trevor moved around the bed and took Dan's spot as Dan went and grabbed his own beer. 

Erin grabbed his soft dick and shoved it into her mouth, eagerly, sucking hard. Her tiny hand fumbled with his balls as her lips caressed his cock into full hardness in all of three seconds. Her mouth felt amazing, and seeing those lips run up and down his shaft like that had Trevor back in the game! 

He grabbed the bottom of her T-shirt, wanting to see her tits. He pushed her shirt up her body and over her black bra. Erin took his penis out of her mouth and pulled her shirt up over her head and off. She stuffed his cock back into her mouth. Her hands reached between her breasts and unsnapped her bra, figuring he might have the same problem that Dan had earlier. 

The bra separated, revealing two gorgeous breasts. Her light pink areolas surrounded two hard nipples. Without taking his dick out of her mouth, she slipped the straps down her arms and off, becoming naked for the two guys. 

He began to squeeze and caress her tits as she deepthroated his entire length. Seeing this hot woman completely naked had Dan ready to go again! He couldn't believe he was at full hardness. 

He stepped up between Erin's wide open legs holding his cock straight out at her. He touched her pussy lips with it and she sucked him inside all the way easily. 

"Mmmph!" she moaned as her warmth engulfed him. Trevor felt her suck harder on his cock when Dan entered her, he pushed her hair out of the way of her face as she continued to give him fantastic head. Her eyes were closed, wincing with pleasure. 'slurp slurp slurp slurp' went her mouth. 

Dan grabbed her by the ankles, holding her feet in the air as he watched his cock disappear and reappear over and over. Erin's moans were muffled by the cock in her mouth, but she could feel an orgasm rise within her. This cock was reaching so much deeper than the last one. He was holding her legs wide, slamming his groin hard against her, shooting his manhood so deep inside her with such authority. 

"Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmph!" she moaned, almost there. Suddenly, she sucked hard on Trevor's cock, muscles straining as the wave of orgasm hit her. Her heart was ready to explode, her toes were curling, she could feel her vagina squeeze and release the cock that was fucking it. She pulled the cock out of her mouth, gasping. 

"Ohhhh…" she sighed, trying desperately to regain control of herself. Trevor was fucking at her hand as she held his rod, trying desperately to get her to suck it some more. Dan, meanwhile, was continued to screw her as hard as he could. Erin let go of Trevor's organ as Dan gripped her waist and jack hammered in and out of her. 

Her face was clenched in ecstasy, she was crying out with pleasure. Her tits were violently bouncing up and down as Trevor rubbed his cock all around her face, trying vainly to get her to put it back in her mouth. He was so close, he just needed a little more! 

Finally, Erin became aware of her surroundings as her orgasm subsided. She realized that there was a cock rubbing against her lips. She opened her mouth and Trevor slid his penis inside. Her warm mouth sucked hard on it, eagerly. Dan felt himself losing it as well, pumping in and out of her lightening quick. 

Her lips slid up and down Trevor's shaft three times and he was sent on his way. He grabbed the back of her head, holding her face against his groin as he buried his cock in her mouth. He moaned, cock jerking. 

She could feel the hot liquid splashing off her throat and she eagerly worked it, trying to swallow without choking. 

Dan, meanwhile, was giving a final few thrusts, her tiny feet were flailing helplessly behind him. He jammed his penis all the way inside Erin's hungry vagina, holding it there. He, too, moaned, dick jerking. As Trevor came in her mouth, Dan's sperm fired hard into her pussy. 

"Mmmph…" she moaned, still sucking one cock dry while another one continued to ejaculate inside her cunt. She drank his salt seed as she lay spread-eagled on the bed. 

Dan nearly collapsed on her, his cum slowing to a trickle inside her twat. Trevor pulled his soft penis out of her mouth, sighing. She could still taste his salty seed as the remnants remained in her mouth. 

Dan slid his softening manhood out of her with an audible 'slurp'. Erin lay there, closing her eyes as Dan and Trevor grabbed their clothes off the floor. She felt a little dizzy with the sex, the drugs, and the alcohol, but she finally felt satisfied. 

She opened her eyes a few minutes later and realized that the two guys had left, and that she was lying in bed, naked, with cum trickling out of her pussy.