 Erin sat up in the bed. She was naked, and she felt a little ashamed that she just took on two guys whom she just met. But, when would she ever see those guys again? How often does she actually visit this city, anyway? Who cares – have fun now, nobody she sees on a regular basis will ever know! 

She smiled, and grabbed a drink off the nightstand that one of the guys left behind. It was nearly a full beer. She quickly drank it down to half, trying to compose herself. She grabbed her panties off the floor and slid them up her smooth legs. She then grabbed her bra.

Meanwhile, Dan and Trevor were downstairs with a handful of other members of the rugby team, describing their recent experience with Erin. They were, after all, only high school students! She was a horny girl, for sure, and she was wild in bed. This planted ideas in their head. Maybe they could get lucky, too! 

In the name of team unity, 5 of them marched upstairs to the room where the slut was. Rick, Craig, Steve, Matt, and Darrell. All 5 were 18 or 19, and all 5 were huge guys, being on the rugby team and all.

They barged into the room just as Erin was grabbing her jeans off the floor. She turned, surprised. She pulled her jeans up on her lap, half covering her bare legs, modestly. She was dressed only in a white T-shirt and skimpy black panties.

“I’m getting dressed!” she yelled, though she smiled, drunkenly. All 5 of them continued to file into the room, getting an eyeful of the creamy white skin of her sexy legs. Darrell shut the door behind him. 

She took a look at all of them, briefly. All of them were decent looking enough, though the best looking one was the guy she thought was Rick. She had met all of them at some point, but the names were a blur. Rick, however, seemed to stick in her head a little. He was tall, about 6’2, and over 200 pounds. Handsome, with short black hair and dark eyes, tanned skin. 

“Let me get dressed!” she said, although she convinced no one when she smiled while saying it. Rick looked at her, then he glanced at his friends with a half-smile. He undid his button and pulled down his zipper, Erin watched, shocked as he pulled out his semi-hard penis. It was beautiful, over 5 inches in a semi-hard state! She had to keep her jaw from dropping. 

“What the fuck are you doing?” she asked incredulously. 

“Bringing the team together.” He replied as his 4 buddies began to pull their cocks out as well. Her pussy was tingling at the sight of Rick’s manhood, even though she had just been fucked a handful of times by two guys. But the sight of all 5 of the cocks had her heart pounding. She was actually considering being very bad. 

“Get the fuck out, and let me get dressed!” she said, feigning anger now. She made no move to put on her pants, though, merely holding them over her lap. 

“We want you to help us bond as a team.” Steve piped up. He was the smallest of the group, although still big at 5’10, 180 pounds with shoulder length brown hair. His cock was at full attention in his hand and quite thick. Its length was average at about 6 inches. Still, the sight of that dick fully hard made her even more aroused. 

“What the hell are you talking about?” she said, laughing as though she could not believe this was happening. 

“Team unity!” Matt answered. “We heard you fucked Dan and Trevor and so we all thought we would fuck you, too!”

She had a look of disgust on her face, and her eyebrows raised in surprise. Inwardly, however, she became fully aroused, pussy flooding at the thought of taking on all these boys. 

“Fuck you!” she laughed.

“Exactly!” he joked. She giggled.

“No, I actually mean - fuck you, get the fuck out of here!” she said, still giggling.

“C’mon!” he pushed, “think of the team!” She laughed some more.

“I’m not on the team!”

“Well, at least give each of us head?” he asked, moving closer to her, stroking his cock. It had grown to full length, a good 9 inches, and incredibly thick. She stared at it, hungrily. She was silent.

“What do you say?” he asked, quietly. He was now just a foot in front of her. She swallowed, her cunt buzzing like crazy.

“If I do this,” she began, “you can’t tell ANYBODY!”

“We won’t tell a soul.” Chipped in Matt, his own 7 inches at full hardness in his hand. Rick took off his shirt, showing off his smooth, muscular, tanned chest. Erin caught her breath.

“I’ll only do it for 1 minute each.” She relented, not believing that she was actually doing this. 

Rick pushed off his jeans and underwear and stood before her, naked. A thick, 9 inch cock was at full attention before her, and she hesitantly reached out. Her small hand wrapped around the fat penis as he stepped closer. Her tongue darted out and she slowly licked around the fat mushroom head. He moaned, his sensitive helmet being manipulated by her expert tongue. She was looking up at him with her blue eyes as her pink tongue trailed saliva around his dick. The other 4 guys watched, not believing their luck. They scrambled out of their clothes, and soon Erin was surrounded by 5 naked guys. 

She opened her mouth and closed her eyes, slowly easing the head of Rick’s cock into her mouth. She slid her lips slowly down the shaft, barely taking half of it. He moaned, the top half of his penis warmed by her mouth. Her tiny hand began to stroke the base of his cock as she began to bob her mouth up and down the top part. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp’ went her mouth sloppily, her head wagging back and forth towards him. 

She was a pro. Her lips were like another pussy, but better. She sucked him so perfectly, and her other fingers were teasing his balls. 

“Ohhhhh God she’s good!” he moaned to his teammates. Erin actually felt pride at his words, and it made her suck him with more intensity. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp’

“Erin,” Darrell said, “we want a good view! Get on your hands and knees.”

Without taking Rick’s penis out of her mouth, Erin moved so that she was on her hands and knees across the bed. Her jeans fell off her lap and onto the floor. Her hair fell across her face as she continued her blowjob. Using both hands, Rick held her hair out of her face, watching her pretty freckled face as it deepthroated his cock. 

The other guys split up on either end of her, half of them watched her lips glide up and down their buddy’s cock, the other half stroked their own cocks while staring at her ass. Her ass was amazing. Her creamy white skin was a sharp contrast to the tiny black triangle of her panties. 

She had been giving head for over 5 minutes now, and Rick was starting to lose it. So much for her 1 minute rule! He moaned, starting to hump his hips into her face. Erin’s pussy was tingling like crazy – this gorgeous guy had his huge cock in her mouth and she could tell he was about to cum. She wanted it. She sucked harder, suddenly needing his fluid in her mouth. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp’ she sucked him even faster. 

He groaned, fists tightening on her hair. He slid his cock all the way to the back of her mouth, and it jerked. A thick load of hot semen splashed off her throat, and she tried desperately to swallow it. 

She choked. ‘Cough! Cough!” He forced his dick to remain in her mouth as he shot another load out the end. It poured out the sides of her mouth as she continued to choke. She was able to swallow some of his salty seed, but most of it poured out of her mouth. She pulled her head back, his organ slipping out of her mouth finally. He held it in his hand, and it pulsated again. White fluid shot out of him and onto her face as she was finally able to stop coughing and drink what cum was in her mouth. 

“Ohhhhh…” she sighed, finally clearing her mouth. She grabbed his dick and sucked it back inside as the last of it trickled out. She swallowed that as well, sucking hard to try and milk every drop. Finally, he pulled it out with a ‘slurp’. He was spent. He stepped back. 

Another cock stepped in front of her. It was 7 inches, with black pubic hair, but she didn’t see who it belonged to. It was Matt, but she wouldn’t have known his name, anyway. 

“Just a second.” she said, as if annoyed as opposed to incredibly horny. She grabbed some Kleenex and wiped Rick’s cum off her face. Then she got back in position. Matt eagerly ran his penis over her face. 

She obediently opened her mouth and he slipped it inside. She ran her lips all the way down his manhood, taking the entire thing. He sighed, his penis warmed by her mouth. 

“Ohhhhh, she IS good.” He said. Erin smiled, inwardly, determined to show just how good she was. Her lips slid up and down the fourth penis of the night, the second in 5 minutes. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp’ she sucked loudly. 

Matt reached underneath her, his hand grabbing at her tit over her shirt. He squeezed the soft mound, feeling the rock hard nipple in his hand. Still sucking his cock, she brushed his hand away, as if trying to remain modest. 

Meanwhile, Darrell had stepped up behind her. He loved her ass, and wanted the closest look at it. He was about 6 feet tall, 190 pounds, the cock that was in his hand was a solid 6 inches in length. He had short blonde hair and pale skin. His hand reached out and began to caress her ass over her panties. He slid them up underneath them, feeling her bare ass. 

Erin reached behind him and brushed him away, still gobbling Matt’s dick. Matt and Darrell shared a smile, and Matt reached out again, his hand again caressing her soft breast. At the same time, Darrell began to rub her between her legs. Her panties were soaked, and he could clearly feel the lips of her vagina through the material. 

“Mmmmph!” she moaned without breaking her stride. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp’ Matt continued to squeeze her tit, and he reached out with his other hand and grabbed her other one. Darrell grew bolder, and pushed her panties to one side with his fingers, slowly revealing the swollen pink lips of her beautiful pussy. 

He gently ran his finger up and down the sensitive skin. She moaned again, face clenching as she sucked Matt even harder. He began to lose it, she was just to good at this. He moaned. At the same time, Darrell dipped a finger into her needy hole. 

“Mmmph!” she moaned, cunt tingling like mad. She felt the penis jerk inside her mouth, and hot, thick cum shot out. She swallowed it easily, her hand grabbing the base as she held the top of his dick in her mouth. More cum trickled onto her tongue and she wolfed that down as well. 

Meanwhile, a finger was sliding in and out of her twat. Matt pulled his penis out of her mouth with an audible ‘suck’ noise. Erin licked her lips, eyes closed as she rocked her ass back into Darrell’s hand over and over. 

Another cock in front of her face, this time it was Steve’s. She recognized it because it was so thick – thicker than Rick’s! She didn’t know Steve’s name, however. 

She grabbed his manhood hungrily, and stuffed it into her mouth. Her lips slid down nearly the entire shaft. 

Darrell, meanwhile, began to slide her skimpy panties down off her ass. She grabbed them just as they got to her thighs. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp’ it was amazing how she kept her concentration on the blowjob while grabbing for her panties like that. 

Darrell pulled hard, however, and they wrenched out of her hands and he was able to slide them down her legs and off her tiny feet. 

Just like she was supposed to, Erin continued to slide her lips up and down the fat penis in her mouth. She felt completely exposed, naked from the waist down, on her hands and knees. The puckered lips of her pussy were so wet they could feel the cool air in the room. 

Darrell could hear her slurping on his teammate’s cock as he reached forward with his hand and began to rub the little slut’s pussy. It was sopping wet, and his middle finger tickled her clit as the palm of his hand rubbed her swollen slit. 

Erin continued to run her lips up and down the swollen cock that was in her mouth. Her lips really had to stretch around it. Steve reached down with both hands and grabbed a tit in each hand over her shirt, gently caressing them. He was losing it himself – this chick was so hot! Her mouth was like a second pussy! 

Darrell slid his middle finger into her sopping wet tunnel. “Mmmmph!” she moaned around the thick dick in her mouth. Darrell watched the pink lips of her pussy grip his finger as he slid it slowly in and out of her. Tingles shot up her spine from her pussy – she was insatiable! 

Putting the cocks of these guys that she just met in her mouth made her desperately want them in her pussy! Even though she has had more than her share of sex that night already, she felt incredibly empty down there. 

Darrell added a second finger, stroking his cock with his other hand. ‘slurp slurp slurp’ she continued giving head. 

Steve was losing it. He closed his eyes, moaning as he felt her lips slide up and down his shaft quickly and gently. 

“I’m cumming!” Steve warned her. She slid most of his dick out of her mouth, leaving only the head inside. Her small hand gripped the rest of his member, stroking it. It jerked, nearly slipping out of her mouth. Hot semen fired off the back of her mouth, and she swallowed the thick sauce easily. 

He groaned, shooting more cum into her thirsty mouth. The other four guys could hear her moaning softly, breathing through her nose, but Steve was to far gone. The last of his sperm finally trickled into Erin’s mouth as her hand milked him. 

Darrell was still looking at her ass and pussy, watching his fingers slide in and out of it. He found himself desperately wanting to eat that pussy, except he knew where it's been. He kissed her ass cheek, though, and then kissed her other one, still fucking her with his fingers. 

Steve pulled his semi hard penis out of Erin’s mouth and stepped back. Her eyes were closed as she enjoyed the incredible feelings in her twat. 

She suddenly felt something rub on her face, and she knew it was a cock. She opened her mouth like a good little girl. Craig stuffed his 7 inch cock into her mouth as far as it would go, nearly choking her. She began to suck on it, expertly. She had no idea who was in her mouth, she didn’t even open her eyes, she just knew that she wanted to suck it. Craig sighed, watching her lips slide all the way down his pole, before retreating back up it. 

Meanwhile, Darrell was now on his knees on the bed behind her, still fingering her cunt and kissing her beautiful ass. 6 inches of hard cock was in his other hand. He moved closer behind her, kneeling so that his hard on was mere inches from her treasure. 

Grabbing his dick, he began to slowly run his organ down the crack of her ass until it reached the moistness of her pussy. Erin’s heart was pounding – that was no finger, she knew. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp’ she continued her blow job as she felt one of the guys place his penis at the entrance to her vagina. 

Darrell rubbed the top of his knob up and down the moist lips of her cunt, coating himself with her juices. He placed it at the entrance, unprotected, and pushed forward. The petals of her womanhood parted for him, allowing him to slide into her warmth in one smooth stroke. 

“Mmmmmph!” she moaned around Craig’s cock, that feeling of fulfillment washing over her. His rod felt so hot inside her! He was in her so deep!

Darrell looked down at his groin pressed against her sexy ass, holding himself all the way inside her as she gave his buddy head. Grabbing onto the soft sides of her ass, he began to slide in and out of her, using long, eager strokes. Off to hard pace straight away, he slapped against her ass over and over, jamming his manhood into her violently. “Mmph! Mmph! Mmph!” she moaned, sucking harder on the cock in her mouth, slurping on it loudly. Whoever’s dick was inside her, it sure felt fantastic! The tingling in her crotch grew to an uncontrollable crescendo as she approached orgasm.

Meanwhile, Rick had fully recovered, and was standing beside the bed with Matt and Steve. His hard cock was back in his hand as he watched two of his teammates jam their cocks into this woman. They watched her ass cheeks shake with each impact of Darrell’s groin. Her face was clenched as her mouth sucked on Craig’s cock. 

That dick felt so amazing in her pussy, she began to forget about the penis in her mouth. Erin moaned around it, no longer sucking as Darrell fucked her harder and harder. “OHHHHHH!” she cried, cumming, pulling the dick out of her mouth. Her heart was beating madly, her pussy was convulsing. 

Darrell couldn’t take much more of the sensation her cunt was giving him. He slammed into her hard a few more times. Craig, meanwhile, was trying to stuff his cock back into her mouth. She obediently opened her mouth as the intensity in her crotch died down. He didn’t think he would last long either.

Darrell jammed his dick into the little slut’s pussy, holding it there. He moaned, cock exploding inside her. A thick wad of his cum sprayed off the back of Erin’s experienced pussy. His organ jerked again, and more hot fluid shot into her. She sucked hard on the penis that was in her mouth, fully aware that another one was cumming in her twat. 

The last of Darrell’s cum trickled out of him and into her, and he had to keep himself from collapsing on top of her. He pulled his semi hard penis out of her vagina and stepped off the bed, smiling triumphantly. 

Erin remained on her hands and knees across the bed, giving Craig an expert blowjob. She remained passive as Matt knelt behind her. She didn’t know who was behind her and she didn’t care, completely lost in the excitement of 5 cocks at her service. 

Matt ran his hard, 7 inch cock up and down her sopping wet lips. He reached her entrance, and he pushed forward. “Mmmmmm!” she moaned, sucking hard. 

That triggered it. Craig moaned, and his cock jerked in her mouth. She could feel a large cock slide into her pussy all the way in one hard stroke just as hot liquid sprayed off the back of her mouth. She swallowed frantically as more cum fired into her mouth. 

Matt began an eager pace, grabbing the soft sides of her ass and slamming his groin against it over and over as the helpless woman tried desperately to swallow the semen that was shooting down her throat. 

She coughed, spitting Craig’s cock out, along with some cum that was in her mouth, it trickled down her chin. Matt continued to slide his manhood in and out of her warm pussy as Craig ran his penis over Erin’s pretty face, the last of his cum trickling onto her forehead and cheek. 

She recovered, licking the cum from around her mouth as she gasped for breath. “Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unmh!” she moaned loudly, mouth free of cock. 

Suddenly, Matt pulled his long organ out of her wet tunnel. She felt so empty all of a sudden. Grabbing her roughly, he flipped the small girl onto her back. 

She felt two hands grab her shirt, she wasn’t sure who’s they were, but when they pulled it up to her neck, she raised her arms and allowed them to pull it off. Her eyes were closed as hands clawed at her bra, working it free and tearing that off of her as well. 

She was now naked, her beautiful breasts were heaving as she tried to regain control of her arousal. She grabbed her shirt which was beside her head and wiped the cum off her face. 

Her sexy legs remained spread wide as she did this, and Matt knelt between them. Her pussy gobbled up his long dick easily, and he slid all the way into her again. “Ohhhhhh! She cried out, throwing her shirt away. She was now able to see the guy who was fucking her, not that she cared. He felt incredible inside her!

Matt began to slide his meat in and out of her needy hole. Suddenly, Erin felt something touch her face, then on the other side. She opened her eyes to see a huge, thick cock in front of her. She turned to the other side and there was an even thicker cock there. Rick and Steve were tapping her face with their dicks. 
