 The sun was rising over the sparkling waters of Echo Lake. The cries of the Loons could be heard welcoming another day.

It was to be my first day alone at our summer cottage in the Muskokas. My husband had returned to work in the city leaving me to enjoy the solitude of a summer escape away from the hectic pace of city life. 

We had recently purchased the cottage on the lake from its previous owner who worked with my husband. It was about a four hour drive from home if the traffic wasn't too bad.

The Muskokas are like another world, in the heart of the Canadian Shield, a vast expanse for granite rock and forest sprinkled with small sparkling lakes. Holidaying was the main industry.

It was to be my first time alone at the cottage. I was well stocked with food and booze and Rick had setup the satellite television so I could watch my soaps. I had my trusty cellphone if I needed to call for help.

There were about half-a-dozen cottages circling the shore of the small lake, about half of them occupied by their vacationing owners. The Terrell's farm was situated at the end of the lake where the county road led out to Bayville, the closest town.

The Terrell's were an elderly couple who had owned the land surrounding Echo Lake. Over the years they had sold the land parcel by parcel to city folk looking to build summer cottages. They lived on their small farm with its market garden and some livestock with their bachelor sons, forty-year-old Stan and Jimmy, his thirty-two-year old brother.

The Terrell boys had never married but chose to live with Mom and Dad. They were a couple of lazy wastes of space who spend their lives drinking and cavorting. The Terrell's farm was about a five minute walk down the road from our cottage.

It was going to be another hot day. It was the first week of July and already the temperatures were in the high eighties. Thankfully yht humidity in cottage country was not as high as in the city and there was always the refreshing water of the lake to cool off if it got too hot.

After coffee I decided to spend some time on the beach reading and starting on my tan. Our beach was quite private so I put on the bikini I had bought before coming up north. The bikini was much more risqué than I would normally wear but nobody would likely see me anyway.

I still felt naked after putting the tiny suit on. The two small triangles hardly contained my nipples and the bottoms barely cover the lips of my pussy while the b back was swallowed by my ass cheeks. Courageously I grabbed my book and a blanket and headed out to the beach.

The narrow roadway surrounding the lake bisected our lot slicing between the narrow sandy beach and the cottage backed by forest. I crossed the deserted roadway and spread my blanket close to the water's edge. The warm sun felt good as I lay on my blanket and began to read my book.

About and hour of peaceful solitude past as I enjoyed my body soaking up the sun's rays as I leafed through chapter after chapter of the novel. My peace was interrupted by the sounds of an approaching pedestrian. I looked down the roadway and saw Stan Terrell and his black and white mongrel Duke coming down the road.

I was trapped on the beach in my tiny bikini, trying to escape back into the cottage would put me right in Terrell's path. I tried to look as inconspicuous as possible.

"Mornin Mrs. Greene." Terrell said standing about twenty feet from where I lay. 

I acknowledged his greeting as Duke ran over to where I lay. Immediately the dog began sniffing my crotch through the thin bikini bottom. Mortified I pushed the dog's head away from my body.

Duke emit6ted a low growl as Stan chastised him. 

"He loves pussy too!" Stan laughed.

I politely returned his laugh somewhat embarrassed.

"All alone for the week?" Terrell asked seeing the car gone.

I felt kind of reluctant to disclose my vulnerability, "For a little while." I answered non-comitial. 

"Well if you need anything, and I mean anything, let me know." Stan offered.

I knew he was implying sex primarily, "I think I'll be O.K." 

.Terrell and the dog continued down the lane and I resumed my sunbathing.

It was about 8 pm when I heard the knock on the cottage door. I had already had dinner and changed into a loose fitting lounging suit and was enjoying a bottle of wine while watching the Texas Chain Saw Massacre on TV. Being alone in the wilderness the movie was really scary.

Putting the D.V.D. player on pause I went to answer the door.

The sun was just setting over the lake and when I opened the door there stood all the Terrell men folk. Stan, Jimmy and Pa Terrell all stood there grinning.

"We thought you might like some company?" Stan Terrell announced.

I noticed they were all scanning my body which was naked under the satin suit like hungry dogs eying a juicy steak.

I had no alternative than to invite them in.

They all filed into the kitchen and Jimmy produced a crock of the Terrell's best homebrewed moonshine. Jimmy opened the old forty-ounce Vodka bottle and taking four drinking tumblers from the cabinet he filled each three-quarters full.

Handing a glass to each of us he proposed a local toast and they all poured the potent concoction down their throats.

I took a swig from my glass, I had already had a couple of glasses of wine but the potent brew scorched my throat as I swallowed.

Pa Terrell laughed at my contorted face, "Good stuff eh?"

With the wine I had already consumed the homemade screech had the desired effect almost immediately, I was bombed, piss-faced, drunk.

Suddenly we were in the sitting room and I was surrounded by Terrell's. They were getting very friendly, torching me in a very familiar way. I felt a hand on my breast, gently squeezing it through the satin material. I was too far gone to resist.

Then I felt a hand slip under my top and scoop my bare breasts and began fingering my nipple. Another pair of hands were pulling my suit bottoms down my legs and suddenly I was naked, my top bunched up around my neck. Hands were all over me, groping and squeezing my bare flesh. Suddenly Stan was on top of me and I felt his cockhead forcing its way between my legs.

Stan's cock slid into me as hands held my ankles apart. It was the first time I had another man's cock in me since my college days. He felt bigger than my husband and instinctively my hips began to squirm with the foreign cock invading my most intimate space.

I was still dealing with Stan fucking me when I felt another cockhead pressed against my lips. I looked up and saw old Pa Terrell forcing his cock into my mouth. A thumb went in my mouth and wrenched my jaw open allowing Pa's cock to fill my mouth with his erection. I had two generations of Terrell's in me, one in each end. 

Stan's cock was reaching far inside of me and he had fallen into a steady rhythm of sliding in and out. Involuntarily my body responded to the stimulation of his cock, I found my hips gyrating in time with his thrusts. Stan was thrusting uncontrollable in me and I was giving myself to him. My pussy began secreting lubricant as it always did when I got fucked.

I was flabbergasted, here I was being sexually abused by three strangers the night following my husband leaving me alone and responding to their cocks. My lips were sealed around Pa Terrell's cock and I was sucking him like my life depended on it!

"Oh yea baby!" Pa moaned as his cock twitched in my mouth.

I knew he was about to blow in me but I continued sucking his dick greedy for his cum. Pa's cum flooded my mouth in amazingly powerful volleys of thick, stringy jism. His snot slid down my throat like a lazy snail as I ingested his sperm.

Stan grunted as he released his deluge of cum into my now sloppy cunt. The rapid firing of two cocks into me sent me over the top and an orgasm took me.

"Oh fuck!" I cried as Pa's cum leaked from the corner of my mouth.

I was still descending from my orgasm when Jimmy's cock slipped into me replacing his brother's. Stan stuffed his cum coated dick into my mouth to be revived.\

Jimmy picked up where Stan had left off, I was being gang-raped and enjoying it. I had just had a more intense orgasm than I had experienced in years and Jimmy's cock was promising another.

Stan's cock crammed my mouth much fuller than his father's had. He was hardening again and thrusting his shaft further into my throat. I had learned in my younger days the best angle to hold my chin to allow a cock to deepthroat me without gagging, I was taking Stan's entire cock into my head.

Jimmy was a big guy, perhaps weighing over two hundred and eighty pounds .with a very hairy body. He was not the kind of guy I would choose to fuck if I had wanted to but now his cock was in me I was enjoying it. I moaned as his cock reached far inside of me.

I could see Pa Terrell sitting across the room with a glass of screech watching his two boys ravishing the city girl. He was the picture of a proud father watching is sons making me moan and groan with pleasure knowing his sperm was already in my belly.

"Fuck her good boys!" he coached.

Jimmy was slamming me down into the couch while Stan revived his cock in my mouth. I could feel Stan's cock hardening and Jimmy's throbbing as it was about explode in me drenching me with more of the Terrell seed.

Here I was naked as a jay-bird with three men I had only casually met previously pumping their cum into me and I was enjoying it. I wondered what my husband would think if he could see his loving wife now?

"Come in me Jimmy!" I groaned in a throaty voice as I felt another orgasm budding around the head of his cock.

He needed no encouragement, he was on the short strokes, pistoning in and out of me like a stallion on a mare in heat.

Stan's cream began to flood my mouth, surge after surge, I thought he would never stop cumming. I realized how much sperm he must have deposited inside of me when he fucked me. I gulped down his jism as fast as I could trying not to let any escape.

That was the moment Jimmy and I came together in perfect unison. With two ejaculating cocks in me I started to ascend the stairway to heaven.

"Oh fuck! Fuck!" I screamed, my own obscenities surprising me.

Jimmy slammed me with the final coup d' grace that hurled me over the edge into that chasm of rapture. The room went dim as I passed out. 

My eyes opened and I felt a cock sliding in and out of my cunt. Pa Terrell came into focus as he rode my body. 

My mouth was coated with a thick coating of sperm and dried cum frosted my lips. Cum was everywhere, on my face, in my hair and all over my bare breasts. I knew a large quantity was stored inside of me. I was the Terrell's slut for the night.

The sun had set and the last cries of the Loon could be heard across the lake as I sat on Stan's huge erection. I was allowing this backwoods man to fuck me in the ass.

My asshole quickly adjusted to the size of Stan's cock and had swallowed its entire length into my bowels. Unexplainably I began lifting myself up and down on his embedded shaft if a fucking motion. Stan grasped my hips holding so his cock would not escape my warm cavern.

Pa Terrell was now offering me his spent cock to clean in his mouth. One more gasp as Stan reamed my ass and I opened my mouth to take his father's cock in.

In an amazing feat of contortion Jimmy maneuvered himself into a position he could enter my now sloppy pussy. With ease his cock slid into me and I had all the Terrell's cocks in me at the same time!

I felt I was being cluster bombed by a B52 as they all started exploding into me, pumping the family sperm into each of my openings. The sensation was too much forcing yet another mega orgasm from my exhausted body.

The fucking and sucking continued well into the night until the Terrell boys left satiated. I did not have the strength to was but just fell asleep on my bed wallowing in cum.

The following morning I felt like I had been hit by a train and the entire army had cum in my mouth.

After half-a-dozen cups of coffee I went down tio the lake and boldly entered the water naked.

The water was cool and refreshing, restoring my wretched body back to normal.

As I frolicked naked in the water Big Rich drove by in his old pickup truck. Seeing me obviously naked in the water he blew his horn and waved to me. Unabashed I brazenly returned his wave, my bare breasts completely exposed to him.

Big Rich was a local and had a small wooden house further down the lake. He was not married but had various women staying with him from time to time. Retired from the Marine Corps Big Rich was still a hulk of a man with the body of a man half his age.

I was kind of expecting it when later in the day Big Rick knocked on my door. 

"Do you need me to pick anything up in town?" he asked.

I assured him I had everything I needed as he stared through the open neckline pof my short terry robe at my naked breasts. I was nude under the robe having just slipped it on ov er my naked body when I emerged from the lake.

I don't know why, maybe I did, but I invited him in for a drink.

I had three-quarters of a bottle of vodka and a selection of soda and juices to mix with it. Big Rich settled in the sitting room couch while I poured him a generous slug of vodka on the rocks.

I sat in the chair opposite him nursing my drink. I opened my legs enough so I knew he could see right up under my robe to by bare pussy.

While he stared at my exposed pussy I guided the conversation around to sex.

"God I really need to get fucked!" I brazenly announced.

In seconds I was naked on the couch with Big Rich on top of me.

His cock was fat and hard as a rock as he filled my hungry cunt with his meat.

"Oh yes!" I groaned as my pussy was filled once again with cock.

My hips thrashed under Big Rich as he drove his cock into where I really needed it. I was becoming a slut, a whore wife, I needed a cock in me, any cock!

"Fuck me hard!: I moaned as my hips rose up the meet his plunging cock.

I could feel his big cock kissing my cervix as he reached all the way into my hungry fuck hole. I craved for him to blast his potent sperm all over my scavenging ovaries.

"Give me a baby!" I pleaded.

It was not a shallow plea, I was not taking the pill but relying on my diaphragm to prevent pregnancy. The diaphragm was still in my bedside table drawer where it had been the previous night when the Terrell's fed my womb. 

Big Rich fucked me for over an hour before I was satisfied. Orgasm after orgasm, him on top of me pounding his cock deep into me, I was on top riding his cock like a cowgirl riding a bronco and he slammed me "doggy" a couple of times.

After I had worn him out he asked me if I wanted to go to the Blackfly later. The Blackfly is .a pub located on an island in Lake Muskoka accessible only by boat. It is a gathering spot for the locals, an old house with the ground floor made into a bar. The proprietor was an old guy who lived upstairs. I had heard about the Blackfly but never been there. Wanting to avoid the return of the Terrell's I agreed to go with Big Rich.

It was about a fifteen minute boat ride from the Baysville dock to the Blackfly. We had arrived in Baysville in Big Rich's pickup and he borrowed an aluminum boat with an outboard to get to the island.

The light was dim when we entered the Blackfly. There were about a dozen guys scattered around and no women. All eyes were on as we entered, Big Rich was a regular at the Blackfly and the guys knew he had a talent for picking up women who wanted cock.

I had dressed casually for our night out, blue jeans and one of my husband's plaid shirts with my Nikes. Even so the guys looked at me with lust in their eyes.

As my eyes adjusted to the light I scanned my surroundings. The walls were lined with an assortment of stuffed fish, prize winning Bass and Trout. An old pool table that countless games had been played dominated the back portion of the room.

The patrons all looked like locals, there were two guys about my age and the others were all older.

Big Rich guided me to a table in the corner while he ordered our drinks from Alec the proprietor. I noticed one of the younger guys go over to the juke box and drop some coins in. He was a tall slim guy dressed like a winnable cowboy, denim jeans and jacket with western boots wearing a black cowboy hat. In a few minutes Patsy Cline began wailing "Crazy".

As Big Rich was putting our drinks on the table the cow poke approached and asked Big Rich if he could dance with me. Big Rich smiled with pride as he offered me to the stranger.

As he took me to the small dance floor area the stranger introduced himself as "Slim Perkins". Slim took me in a tight grasp as we began to move slowly as the others watched.

I felt Slim's hand caressing my ass through my jeans as he held me in a tight embrace. His body was pressed tightly against mine and I could feel his hard cock pressing against my pussy through our jeans. He pulled my ass in tighter so I could feel his cock twitching eager to get into me.

I was beginning to get horny again when the song ended.

Slim was replaced by Big Rich as George Jones began wailing how she got the gold and he got the shaft.

"How would you like all these guys to fuck you?" Big Rich whispered into my ear, "They all got hard-ons for you."

"Get out of here!" I blushed. Big Rich began unfastening the buttons down the front of my shirt. Undoing the last one he peeled the shirt off my arms revealing my overflowing bra. The shirt fell to he floor as I felt the tension on my bra release. Big Rich pulled the bra away allowing my big creamy white mounds to tumble into everyone's view.

The room roared as I stood there half naked before them.

I was suddenly being dragged over to the pool table by a dozen hands. Lifted onto the felt top hands began to unfasten my jeans and then they were being pulled down my legs along with my panties. I was laying naked across the table.

Hands were all over me as the table became surrounded with guys. They were groping my tits, penetrating my pussy and trying to enter my asshole. Suddenly a large hard cock flopped onto my lips.

A thumb forced its way into my mouth prying my lips apart. The anonymous cock entered my mouth. It was a big cock and my lips sealed around it as my tongue jockeyed it into place. I inhaled and began sucking as I felt my legs being forced apart.

My legs were hanging over the side of the table when the cock slid into my cunt. It felt strange having a cock fucking me when I could not even see the owner. It did not feel like Big Rich's cock, it felt like one I had never had before. My fuck-hole gripped it tightly as my hips began to gyrate. Around the unknown cock.

As I was being fucked and sucking a stranger's cock the third cock touched my face.

Some how the third cock entered my mouth and I was sucking it alternatively with the other, sometimes both of them jousting to be in my mouth at the same time. I knew I was in for a mega load of cum whether started ejaculating. 

My cunt was now being pounded steadily by the unknown cock which was nearing dousing my womb with more potent cum at any minute. All of this cock action was quickly bringing me to the first of many orgasms I would experience with the Blackfly gang.

The cocks in my mouth began irrupting first, huge volleys of thick, salty brine flooded my mouth. The cum was a thick sticky paste clinging to the roof of my mouth, my teeth and tongue. I found I had acquired a taste for sperm as one acquires a taste for olives, rolling it around in my mouth a savoring its texture and tang. As I greedily fed on the cock's fruit the second began spurting more hot jism onto my lips. Large strings of man snot clung to my lips and hung from my chin. My tongue swirled around harvesting the spilled cum into my mouth where I could swallow it. 
