 About two and a half months ago my husband Ed was contacting as many roofing contractors that he could. We needed to replace our roof before winter because after all of the snow and ice from last winter we needed to replace it so it wouldn't leak anymore. 

"Tomorrow afternoon a couple of guys are coming over to give us an estimate," Ed explained to me.

"Okay. I'm off tomorrow so I'll make sure they do a thorough job," I replied.

The next morning it was sunny and warm and I decided to do some topless sunbathing before the roofers showed up in the afternoon. I was only dressed in a thong as I sat out on our balcony overlooking our backyard.

I was drifting off to sleep when I heard a couple of men talking. I sat up as two men were talking about our roof.

I stood up and leaned over the railing and called out, "I thought Ed said you guys were coming this afternoon?"

The crew leader looked up and said nothing at first. He was too busy checking out my perky pear shaped 34Bs. 

"Sorry ma'am. We had a cancellation so we decided to come over here early. Is that a problem?" 

"No, not at all. I'll be right down to let you guys in so you can see what you're up against."

I was aroused by showing off my titties to these two strangers. They were both young and good looking. I decided not to put anything on and let the men in and see where things went.

"Hi! I'm Sue," I stated as I opened the door mostly naked.

"Uh..hi. I'm Dan and this is my assistant Greg. Are you sure there isn't a problem with us coming here early?"

"No. Not at all," I replied as I led them upstairs to the attic. "I'll let you guys do your thing. I'll be downstairs if you need me." I could tell they were checking me out as I walked downstairs.

I walked down the attic steps and stood at the bottom of the stairs and waited just to hear what they were saying.

"Holy fuck! Did you see her tits?" Greg stated. "She's a babe."

"Fuck yeah. I'd love to nail that," his buddy replied. "I bet if we play our cards right we can fuck her."

"I fucking hope so. My cock needs some relief."

I chuckled to myself as I went downstairs to the kitchen. I waited for about twenty minutes then I went back upstairs with a couple of cold sodas.

"You guys need a drink?" I asked.

They were both sweating from the heat in the attic and both nodded their heads.

"Here you go," I said as I handed them their cold sodas.

"You look hot as well," Greg said to me. His boss gave him a dirty look.

"You know I am really hot," I replied as I pulled my thong off leaving me fully naked in front of the roofers. "Who wants to cool off in the pool?" I asked. "I'm horny and could use some extra attention."

They both quickly followed me downstairs and I jump in and they both quickly undressed as I floated on my back in the water. 

They were both going to jump in in only their shorts but I protested. "You've seen my goodies. I wanna see yours."

They both stripped naked and Dan was semi-erect with a short fat cock. Greg was fully erect and the tip of his cock was throbbing as he jumped in.

I was standing in the shallow end of the pool and Dan got on my left side and Greg on my right.

"I'm guessing the new roof is gonna cost you about $5,000. That includes labor," Dan stated.

"How much of a discount can we get if I let you guys fuck me?" I asked.

"Depends on how good you are," he replied.

I took a cock in each of my hands and said," Well I think you'll find I'm pretty good."

I leaned over and took turns kissing the tips of their cocks. Greg was pinching my nipples as I then sucked his bosses cock. Then he picked me up by the waist and lowered my wet snatch in his face.

"I'm gonna make you cum," he stated as he spread my swollen pussy lips. He stuck his tongue inside of me.

"Oh fuck!" I screamed.

"Come on! Suck my dick," Dan commanded.

I obliged and soon was sucking him off faster and faster. I was climaxing just as Dan shot a full load of warm jizz down my throat.

"Fuckin' yeah!" he screamed as he came.

Greg picked me up again and quickly stuffed his cock inside of my waiting cunt.

"Fuck me Greg! Fuck me good!" I screamed.

His skin was slapping against mine and the water was splashing as we fucked. Dan was stroking his cock watching his assistant nail me from behind.

"Oh baby. I'm gonna cum!" he moaned and he emptied his load deep inside of me. "Damn that was awesome."

"Move over junior. It's my turn," Dan said as he got sloppy seconds. "Come on Sue get ready," as he toyed with me. He'd penetrate me then pull out. then he'd do it all over again teasing me.

"Come on mister. I need your cock inside of me!"

"Okay get ready."

He started slowly at first but went faster and faster. He was pulling on my nipples and as I let out a moan Greg stuffed his semi-erect cock in my mouth.

"Suck it Sue. Make me hard again because I'm gonna fuck you in the ass." 

I was giving him head as Dan rammed away until he tensed up and exploded in my cum filled pussy. Dan pulled out and Greg got in back of me and spread my ass cheeks apart.

He spit in his hands and rubbed his saliva on his cock head then slowly penetrated my asshole.

"Oh FUCK!" I screamed as he completely penetrated me with his cock.

Dan got his cell phone and took photos of his assistant fucking me.

"Oh shit! I'm cumming!" Greg screamed and he pulled out and his warm cum shot all over my back.

"That was fucking awesome!" Dan stated. "I have a revised estimate. I'll only charge you for the cost of materials; provided that you're here when we do the job and you 'service' my men."

"So you're telling me that if I fuck your workers I get a discount?" I asked.

"Yep. If you help out my crew I'll only charge you $2,300 for the roof."

"How many on the crew?" I asked.

"Me, Greg and one or two others," Dan replied.

"How long will you guys need to do the job?"

"Two to three days max."

"Give me a minute to think," I replied.

They got dressed and I dried off and they went back upstairs to the attic. I put on a robe and went upstairs.

"Okay. I'll do it. Just don't tell Ed. I want him to be surprised about the discount."

They finished up the pre-work and we set up a day and time for the roof to be replaced.

As for the roof replacement...that's the next story.