 I love music. Sweet, sweet music. I know that it's the lyrics from a 70s song but I really love music. The harder the better.

About ten years ago my sister Kim and I went to see a heavy metal rock band play the local arena.

We were both in our late teens...I was 19 and Kim was 18. We were excited to see the band because they really knew how to rock.

Kim and I dressed like a couple of groupies...short shorts with no panties and halter tops without bras. We were looking to get laid but we really didn't care by who.

Since it was festival seating we arrived early to get good seats. We entered the arena and found a couple of seats in the third row.

"This is great!" I exclaimed to Kim as we took our seats.

"Fuck yeah!" Kim replied. "I'm gonna flash them my tits when the show starts."

The arena filled up quickly and soon the aroma of pot filled the air and joints were being passed around from person to person.

I noticed a spotlight that was moving around the crowd and quickly realized that they were all pointing out women. Just then the spotlight was on Kim and me.

"I think they're scoping out girls to go backstage to 'meet' the band," I whispered to Kim.

"What do you mean?"

"You know...to meet the band."

Kim just looked at me with a confused expression.

"Oh you can't be that naive, they're looking for girls to fuck the band!"

"Oh shit!"

The concert started and after a couple of songs a roadie came up to me and said "You and your friend are invited to go backstage for a special party."

"Cool," I replied.

With that Kim and I followed the roadie backstage past cheering fans.

"We're gonna fuck the band," I said to Kim.

"I've heard that the drummer is hung like a horse," Kim replied.

"Wait here," the roadie stated. "Someone will take you to the party shortly."

We were able to watch the concert from a unique vantage point. We could see the lead singer and lead guitarist and they were so close I could've reached out and touched them.

I've seen enough concert films with this band and I knew what was coming up next. The spotlight went on the drummer and he broke into a 10 minute drum solo as the rest of the band ran offstage.

"I like what you found Gary," the singer said to the roadie. "Follow us ladies and get ready to be rocked."

We went into a dressing room with the singer, lead and rhythm guitar players and bass player.

"Ok ladies get naked. We only have a few minutes," the singer commanded.

Kim and I were naked in seconds and the band members quickly dropped their drawers. The singer pulled to towards his semi-erect cock and pushed my face in his crotch.

I quickly devoured his growing cock and felt another cock slowly penetrating my wet waiting cunt.

"You're an excellent cocksucker," the singer commented as I deep throated his now erect 8 inches.

"Mmmmmm," was all I could say as I sucked him off and got fucked from behind by another band member.

"Oh fuckkkk!!" Kim called out and I looked over to see the bass player fucking her pussy and the lead guitarist fucking her in the ass.

Then there was a knock on the door.

"Five minutes till you take the stage again," someone called out.

"No problem. We'll be done by then," the singer stated as he fucked my mouth faster and faster. "Get ready I'm gonna cum!"

His cock exploded in my mouth filling my throat with his warm sticky jizz. Then the guitarist fucking me moaned and filled my pussy with his seed.

I looked over at Kim and she had cum dripping out of her cunt and her asshole.

"What about Daryl the drummer?" Kim asked. "I wanna suck his cock."

"No problem. We're going into an acoustic set and you can sneak onstage and double team him. He loves eating cum fill pussy as he gets a blowjob," the singer explained.

We waited in the dressing room, still naked then a roadie got us and led us to the darkened stage. 

The drummer Daryl was seated at his drum kit with his gym shorts down at his ankles.

"Come here bitches," he commanded.

Kim dropped to her knees and said "Holy fuck!"

Daryl was hung like a horse and it was Kim's job to satisfy him orally. Daryl put me on his cymbals and spread my legs apart and buried his head into my cum filled pussy.

"Yummy. Cream filled cunt," he exclaimed as he expertly licked my swollen clit.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming!" I moaned as he brought me to a massive climax.

Just then he tensed up and shot his load of warm cum all over Kimmie's face.

"I want to fuck the two of you so wait for me in my dressing room. I'm gonna fuck your brains out when the show is over."

We were led off stage by a roadie who commented "He must like you if he still wants to fuck you after the show."

We sat back in Daryl's dressing room naked waiting for the show to be over. As we waited four roadies came into the dressing room and dropped their pants.

"Well Kimmie, lets get to work. They deserve some fun too."

I dropped on my knees and took one of the cocks in my mouth while another roadie stuffed his cock into my wet cunt. I heard the slapping of skin and heard my sister moan realizing that they were ravishing her as well.

After a few minutes the first roadie came in my mouth and I looked over and saw Kim with a cock in her cunt and one in her mouth.

"Fuckkkkk!!" she screamed as she climaxed from the fucking. The roadies came right after that and we were sweaty and cum covered after the roadies left us.

"What a monster show!" Daryl screamed as he came into the dressing room. "Hey babes, let's get a shower and I'll take turns banging each of you."

We got into the shower and Daryl bent me over and rammed his monster 10 inch cock into my pussy.

"Damn bitch how many times did you get fucked tonight?" he asked. "Your cunt is full of cum."

He pounded away bringing me close to climax as he pulled on and pinched my nipples. He gave it one last push and exploded deep inside my pussy filling my cunt with his warm seed.

He pulled out and commanded me to clean off his cock. I obliged sucking on his semi-erect cock until he was hard again.

"Come here," he ordered Kim. He got on his back and lowered her on his stiff pole.

He impaled her with his cock and he ordered me to kiss my sister. We rubbed each others tits then he told Kim to clean out my cunt full of cum.

"Lick her pussy and make her cum!" he commanded.

Kim licked my slit and sucked Daryl's cum out of my pussy as I held her head tightly against my cunt.

"Yes! Yes!" I screamed. "Oh shitttt!" I screamed as I climaxed in her face.

I sat down in the shower as Daryl came inside my sister then he looked at me and commanded me to eat her cunt.

Kim was on her back and I got between her legs and went to town. I saw flashes of light and realized that Daryl was photographing me eating my sisters pussy.

Kim climaxed in less than two minutes and we both fell over and Daryl took close up photos of our tits, pussies and ass.

"I'm gonna remember this night" he said as we all got dressed. He gave each of us autographed jackets from the band, and several Polaroid pictures of us.

"We're expecting to return here next year after our new album comes out, so I'd really love to hook up with the two of you," he explained.

"Same here. How many women can saw they fucked the entire band?" I replied.

Sadly the band had a falling out towards the end of the tour and the band broke up...never to tour in our town again.

Well at least we have our memories...and the pictures.