 Back whenever I was in college I held many different jobs in order to make ends meet. I did nude modeling for the art department, worked as a waitress and tutored students.

The most interesting job is the one that my roommate Jen and I had for a couple of weeks.

I was between jobs and looking for some extra cash whenever Jen ran into my room with an ad from the newspaper.

"Sue look at this!" she screamed. "This company is looking for dancers to dance at private parties and gatherings."

"What kind of parties?" I asked.

"I don't know, but lets call and find out."

We were both very good dancers and I thought this might be a good way to earn some much needed cash.

"They wanna meet with us this evening," Jen exclaimed after getting off the phone with the contact number. "We have an interview at 5 after our last class."

"Okay...I guess," I replied.

We went to our last class then went back to the sorority house and took my car to the address listed on the ad. It was in a nondescript office complex and we went to the door and I sighed as I opened it.

"Good evening. Welcome to Dynamic Dancers," the receptionist chirped.

"Hi. My name is Jen Robinson and this is my roommate Sue Thomas. I called earlier and spoke with Jackie Oliver this morning."

"Yes, she's expecting you."

The receptionist led us into a well decorated office.

A tall well tanned buxom middle aged woman got up from behind the desk to greet us.

"Good evening. Which of you is Jen?"

"Hi Ms Oliver. I'm Jen and this is my roommate Sue."

"Nice to meet you. Have either of you ever danced in front of a large group of people before?"

"Yes we both danced on a dance team in high school," Jen explained.

"Good. That's a start. Now the question that weeds out most of my applicants. How do you feel about dancing naked in front of rowdy, drunken men?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well I'm looking for dancers to do bachelor parties and to entertain the guests. If interested we pay $400 a party plus tips."

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed. "How many parties would we do a week?"

"Generally one to two per weekend," she replied.

"Damn! That's pretty good money for showing some skin," Jen stated.

We looked at each other and nothing else needed to be said.

"When do you want us to start?" I asked.

"I love your enthusiasm. I have a bachelor party that needs a couple of dancers on Friday night."

"Okay. We'll do it."

"Great. I just need you to fill out the applications and show me some ID. You both are over 18 right?"

"Yep. We're both 20," Jen replied.

"Great. Go see Kelly at the front desk and she can give you directions and you get to pick out some costumes for Friday."

We went out and filled out our applications and Kelly took us into a closet that had dozens of costumes that barely covered anything.

"I think this one would work for you," Kelly stated as she gave me a cowgirl outfit that had ass-less chaps. It also had a mesh vest that hid nothing. "I think you should be the Indian," she said to Jen. 

It was a short outfit that looked like something out of a Disney movie...only extremely low cut.

"Good luck Friday and have fun," Kelly said as we left with our new outfits.

"I wonder how we earn tips?" Jen asked as we drove home.

"Duh! What do you think? It's a bachelors party so we suck them off and let them fuck us. What did you think by when she said entertain the guests," I replied.

We made it through the rest of the week and Friday night we both dressed in our outfits then put robes over them. We drove to the private club where the party was going on.

"Hi. I'm Jen and this is Sue and we're here from Dynamic Dancers for the bachelor party."

"Right this way ladies. I'll let you know whenever they're ready for you," the doorman stated.

"Fuck I'm nervous," Jen stated.

"Me too. But think of the money that we're gonna make."

We were waiting in the side room whenever the doorman came in and got us. "Right this way ladies. They're gonna love you," he commented as he opened the door.

The lights were down then all of a sudden music started playing. The DJ was speaking over the music and I could hardly hear what he was saying. Finally a spotlight was on us and the guys started cheering and hooting.

The two of us started dancing and my vest was open and my pear shaped 34Bs were visible for all to see. Jen's dress fell off her as soon as she started dancing and she was naked in front of the group. She was as thin as me but her breasts were larger..36Cs.

"Wow! Nice tits!" one guy yelled.

"I like cowgirls and Indians," another yelled.

I had removed my outfit by this time and we both were dancing provocatively in front of the drunk horny men.

"Where's the groom?" I asked.

They pointed to an athletic looking guy who was blushing as I sat on his lap. I ground my ass into his crotch and he let out a little gasp. I got up and turned towards him lowering myself on his lap. My breasts were rubbing against him as I kissed him.

"Yeah buddy. She wants you Kyle!" another one yelled.

I sat up and lowered my tits in his face.

"Come on big boy. Suck on my tits," I whispered into his ear.

He wrapped his arms around me and buried his face in my chest. I was dry humping him as he sucked on my right nipple and his hands soon found my wet waiting pussy.

"Jeez you're wet!" he whispered as he penetrated my snatch with two fingers. "I wanna make you cum."

He quickly stroked my clit and the combination of getting finger fucked and him sucking on my tits brought me to a monster orgasm.

"Fuck, fuck, fuckkkkkk!" I screamed as I climaxed with his fingers still inside of me. 

I rubbed the bulge in his crotch and stood up and dropped to my knees and undid his belt and unsnapped his pants. 

"Would you like a blowjob?" I asked.

The rest of his crew screamed and hollered as I pulled his boxers down and took his erect 8 inch banana in my mouth.

As I sucked his cock I could hear Jen moaning and the slapping of skin as one of the guys at the party was fucking her.

"Nice cock," I stated. "I like them big and hard."

Just as I said that I was penetrated by a massive cock.

"What the fuck!" I looked back and a husky black guy was behind me fucking me doggy style.

"Don't mind me. You forgot Kyle," he said.

I went back to giving head as he fucked me from behind.

"Oh god! I'm cumming!" Kyle screamed and he exploded in my mouth filling me with his warm salty seed. 

I was still getting nailed from behind and looked to my right and Jen was on a table on her back with one cock in her cunt, one in her mouth and one in each hand.

"I need a cock to suck!" I screamed.

It didn't take long for me to get one. There were two guys in front of me and I took turns kissing the heads of each cock.

"Get ready cowgirl!" the guy in back of me yelled as he erupted inside of me. He stayed inside of me for another minute until he pulled out and his load of cum seeped out of my cunt.

"Sloppy seconds!" I heard as another cock entered me from behind.

I lost count of how many guys I actually fucked.

After about an hour I looked up and there were 5 or 6 guys in front of me and they were stroking their cocks. I took turns sucking on them and I was completely surprised when two of the guys came on my face.

"Yeah!" the one yelled. "Come on guys lets cum all over them."

They rolled me over and the group stood over me and took turns cumming on me. I had cum all over my face, chest and body. I looked over and Jen was covered in cum as well.

"That was awesome!" Kyle screamed. He walked over to us and handed each of us $300. "Thanks for a fun night. Its the last pussy I'll ever fuck, other than my wife's."

The men left and we both went into the bathroom and cleaned ourselves up.

"Not bad. $700 for getting laid and sucking cock," I explained.

"I know," Jen replied. "Cocks of all different sizes."

That was our first ever bachelors party, but it wasn't our last. More stories to follow.