 I was seated downstairs in the family room whenever Ed got home from work.

"How'd it go with the roofers?" he asked.

"Great. I got us a really good price for the roof," I replied.

"I'm guessing you sucked their cocks to get a better price?"

"That and some more. Let's just say they enjoyed my little show."

I proceeded to tell my husband of ten years about how they showed up early while I was sunbathing and I was so horny that I didn't really care.

"Okay. What's the great estimate they gave us?" Ed asked.

"They're only gonna charge us for materials. $2,300. Labor is free," I replied.

"What's the catch?"

"What catch?"

"Why are they only charging us for materials?" Ed asked.

"Well, they want me to be here to 'help' out."

"What kind of help do they want from you? As if I don't already know," Ed chuckled.

"Well if I'm here to help them when they need it, we get the great price. Do you have a problem with that?"

"As long as it's only sex, I don't really care. I know you're a slut and you need it constantly. Let's put your body to good use."

I was not surprised that my husband wouldn't object to me using my body to help save us some money. He knows that I'm a nymphomaniac and I really tire him out. As long as I'm careful he doesn't really care who I fuck.

__________________________________________________

The first day of the roof replacement has finally arrived. I decided that instead of going topless that I'd wear a loose fitting white tank top with no bra. I had short running shorts with no panties and I wanted them to work, at least a little to get into my panties.

I was in the kitchen whenever the doorbell rang. 

"Hi Sue! We're here to get started," the crew leader Dan stated. "You remember Greg. This is Juan and Donovan. I know it's a big job so I brought some extra help. I hope that isn't a problem?"

"No. I guess not," I replied.

I remembered that he said he'd only need one extra worker but I guessed that if he was giving us a special discount that he expected me to work for it.

The crew went to work. Setting up their scaffolding and unloading their supplies.

"Hey Dan!" I called out.

"Yeah?"

"I just want you to know I'm not thrilled about the extra help you brought. I'm trying to figure out how you can get the roof finished while I service you guys."

"Well, if you want you only have to do one guy at a time. That'll leave the other three of us working."

"Okay. I can live with that. Do you wanna fuck me first?" I asked.

"No. I'll let you choose. Just let me know when you're ready."

"Oh, you'll know when I'm ready," I replied.

They got to work and I gave it about an hour whenever I sprayed my tank top with water. My nipples and areolas were completely visible.

I went outside and called up to the workers. "Hey Dan, are any of your men good with plumbing?" I asked.

They four of them looked down at me and Juan called out "Yes."

He climbed down the scaffolding and followed me into the house.

"It's in here," I stated as I led him into the kitchen.

"Do you have any tools?" he asked.

"I think so. They're out here," and we walked into the laundry room that's next to the kitchen.

"I'm gonna need a wrench or two. You know you should put on some dry clothing," he stated.

"I guess your right," I replied as I took my top off and threw it into the dryer.

Juan's eyes were glued to my naked chest. I looked at his crotch and noticed that he 'pitched a tent' in his jean shorts.

"Those shorts are way too tight. You should take them off," I declared. I pulled him towards me and unsnapped his shorts.

Then I unzipped them and pulled them down past his fully erect cock. Juan was going commando and his was the first Latin cock that I'd ever seen.

"Nice," I stated as I dropped to my knees and kissed the mushroom shaped head of his member.

"Mommasita!" he screamed as I took all of him in my mouth. He was screaming in Spanish as I sucked his cock faster and faster.

Juan had my tits in his hands as I sucked him off and I nearly jumped as I felt someone pull my shorts down.

"What the fuck?" I commented. I looked back and saw a huge black cock getting ready to penetrate my cunt.

"Hope I didn't scare you," Donovan stated.

"No. You just startled me a bit," I replied.

I went back to sucking Juan's cock as Donovan slowly penetrated me with his BBC.

"Fuck! You're pretty tight for a slut," Donovan stated. "I volunteered to help on this job because I love fucking hot white chicks."

"Fuck me bad boy," I screamed.

Juan pulled his cock out of my mouth and he looked at his co-worker and Donovan positioned himself so Juan could fuck me in the ass.

"Oh my godddddd!" I screamed as Juan penetrated my tight asshole. I had a cock in my ass and one in my cunt.

My mouth was wide open when Dan put his erect cock in my mouth. I nearly gagged but now had a cock in each of my holes. My eyes were wide open and I looked to my right and saw Greg pulling his jeans off. 

Greg stood next to me and stroked his cock as I 'serviced' his buddies. I pulled his hand away and replaced it with my right hand. I was stroking Greg's cock and Donovan screamed and I felt him explode filling my cunt full of his warm seed. 

"Fuckkkkkk!" Dan screamed and he exploded filling my mouth with his warm salty cum.

Then Juan pulled out of my ass and he shot his load halfway up my back. I looked up just as Greg shot his load over the right side of my face. I wasn't expecting that and he nearly got some of his jizz in my eyes.

"Okay guys. Playtime's over. At least for now. Back to work," Dan commanded.

The four of them got dressed and left me covered in cum in the laundry room. I got up and went into the shower and cleaned myself off.

I put on a baby doll nightgown and went outside and climbed up the scaffolding.

"Okay boys. I'm here to help. The next one to get a hard on gets a blowjob from me," I explained. I pulled my gown off leaving me in only a pair of bikini panties.

I looked towards Donovan and noticed him adjusting his jeans.

"I think we have a winner," I stated and I walked over to him and rubbed the growing bulge in his jeans. "Pull them down," I commanded.

Donovan obliged and I was on my knees two floors off the ground giving this Adonis a blowjob. One of his co-workers pulled my panties off and threw them off the scaffolding.

"I'm gonna fuck you," Dan stated as he rubbed my pussy to get me lubed for his cock.

"Mmmmmm," I cooed as he penetrated me with three fingers. I stopped giving Donovan head and told Dan to "Fuck me good."

Dan replaced his fingers with his erect cock and I could still hear hammering as the other two were still working as Donovan and Dan took turns with me.

"I wanna fuck your tits," Donovan said as he pulled out of my mouth. He put his monster snake between my cleavage and wrapped my tits around his cock. He started titty fucking me and the moment I cupped his balls he moaned and came all over my neck and chin.

"Oh fuck! That was awesome!" he stated.

I took my fingers and wiped his warm sticky cum and sucked it off my fingers.

Dan stopped fucking me and I felt him cumming inside of me. He pulled out and went back to work.

I was sitting naked on the scaffolding when Ed's car pulled into the driveway.

"Hows it going?" he asked.

"Great," Dan replied. "Your wife is keeping morale up."

"Okay. Just checking. I gotta get back to work," Ed replied and he drove off not saying anything about me sitting naked on the scaffolding.

"I need my pussy licked," I stated. 

Juan looked over towards me and he dropped between my legs and kissed his way up my thighs. He spread my lips and rubbed my clit.

I had goose bumps as he replaced his fingers with his tongue. He was licking my pussy and I was close to climax when Greg stuffed his cock in my mouth. He started fucking my mouth like a pussy as Juan brought me to climax.

"Fuck yes!" I screamed arching my back as I climaxed. Juan got up and stuffed his cock into my wet pussy.

I wrapped my legs around him as he pounded away faster and faster. Greg looked at me and winked and I could feel an orgasm building in the shaft of his cock.

"Yeah baby!" he screamed as he came in my mouth.

Juan was pounding away and he screamed something in Spanish as he exploded inside of my cunt. 

I was laying on my back as they went back to work and I finally climbed down the scaffolding naked and went into the house.

They got about half of the job done the first day, and I serviced each of them at least twice. 

The next day was spent in my bedroom. The guys took turns, one at a time. I spent my day on my back fucking and sucking each of them. They did manage to get the roof replaced and I was told that it was the best job ever.

Ed was happy that we saved several thousand dollars, and I was happy to get fucked by these strangers. It was a fun two days. 

I'm just wondering what the next project that we need to get done.....