 Back in the day whenever I was in college my roommate and I were invited to join a popular sorority. Julie and I were both excited to be invited because of all the sororities at the school, this one was the most popular.

"Since you're pledges, you need to do what we tell you and when we tell you," chapter president Amy told us. "If you show that you're Phi Delta material then you become members."

Julie and I were wondering what they had in mind for us. We heard of other pledges having to dress up and make fools of themselves. We also heard of pledges being completely humiliated. I was beginning to wonder why I wanted to join.

"Okay. Here's the deal. Tomorrow night you pledges are 'dressing' up and going to the movies. If you 'survive' you're officially sorority sisters," Amy explained. "Meet here at 6pm and we'll go from there."

I know I didn't get much sleep and I'm sure Julie didn't either. We left for the sorority house early so we wouldn't be late.

"Okay ladies. Come in here and we have your outfits for tonight," pledge master Susan told us.

We walked into the room and on the table was skimpy lingerie that barely covered anything.

"Get dressed and we'll drop you off at the theater."

They left the room and I looked at Julie and asked her point blank, "Is joining a sorority really that important?"

"I think it is. Just remember how successful Phi Delta girls are," she explained. "After all the theater will be dark so I doubt if anyone even sees us."

We both dressed and my outfit barely covered my 34B breasts and Julie's larger 36C's were pretty much completely exposed. We walked out into the main room and the sisters clapped as we appeared.

"Put these raincoats on and we're ready to go," Amy explained.

We put on raincoats and went out to Amy's car and got in the backseat.

"Ladies I think you're gonna be popular at the theater we're taking you to."

"Where's that?" I asked.

"Oh, you'll see," Amy replied.

We drove into town and I expected us to go the the megaplex by the mall but we went past the mall and drove downtown. I knew in an instant where they were taking us. There was an old theater downtown that only showed XXX movies. They wanted us to put on a show for the old men and perverts at the theater.

We stopped near the theater. I looked at Julie and she looked terrified.

"You've got to be joking?" I asked.

"Nope. You need to buy your tickets and go inside. After you get inside take off your coats and find seats. You need to last through both features then you'll become full fledged sisters. Don't try anything funny because we'll be watching."

I really wasn't sure about this. When I was in high-school I wasn't what one would call active sexually. I was a virgin until right after I graduated. I let a couple of ex boyfriends feel me up and I'd give them hand jobs. I tried giving one former boyfriend a blowjob and no sooner did I start sucking his cock he exploded and came in my mouth. I was still pretty naive at this point in time.

"Hurry up ladies. The first feature is ready to start," Amy commanded.

We went up to the ticket booth and bought two tickets. A couple of sorority girls were behind us and purchased tickets as well. They wanted to make certain that we actually went into the theater.

Julie and I walked into the theater and Kimmy one of the sorority sisters tapped me on the shoulder.

"Loose the coats ladies." 

We took off our raincoats and Kimmy took them and followed us into the theater.

"You both find a seat. You're not permitted to sit next to each other," Kimmy explained.

We walked into the dimly lit theater. There wasn't a huge crowd in there but about a dozen men of all different ages seated around the theater. I could feel their eyes watching me as I made my way down towards the front of the theater. I found a seat near the front about halfway in an aisle. I picked an aisle that had no men seated around me but that changed pretty quickly.

No sooner did I sit down than several men joined me in my aisle. An older man sat directly at my right and another one was in back of me. I looked to my right and noticed that Julie had company as well. She had several men seated next to her.

I could feel warm breath on my right shoulder and looked and noticed the old man sitting next to me really checking me out. I was feeling uneasy when the lights lowered and the first feature finally started. At least the old perv couldn't look at me because it was dark in the theater. 

I was trying to watch the movie when something caught my eye. The old guy next to me was stroking his cock as the movie played. I couldn't keep my eyes off his dick. He was stroking it as the man on the movie was fucking some starlet from behind. I took a look towards Julie and noticed that she was kissing some guy while another one was fondling her tits.

"Oh my god," I said to myself as Julie was now sitting naked in the theater with several men around her.

Then I felt a hand go down the side of my outfit and grab onto one of my tits. Before I could say anything the guy who was seated behind me gave me a big kiss. I wanted to scream but I was getting aroused by the attention. His hands were all over me and I wanted to stop him but didn't even try.

I took my free right hand and found the old guy's cock that was seated next to me. I pushed his hand away and started giving him a hand job while the other guy felt me up. The old guy took his free hands and pulled my panties aside and he started rubbing my surprisingly wet pussy.

I was in a dingy porno theater making out with two old perverts when I looked over towards Julie. She was bent over her seat and had one guy fucking her doggy style while she took turns sucking on three other guys cocks.

I knew I was horny but didn't know if these old guys could satisfy me. The guy to my right leaned over and took my right nipple in his mouth. I was still stroking his cock when the guy in back of me jumped over the seat and got between my legs. He put my legs over his shoulders and buried his face in my wet snatch.

"I love the smell of fresh cunt," he exclaimed as he went down on me. His tongue found my clit in no time and I felt a monster orgasm building.

"Oh fuck!!" I screamed as I climaxed squirting my juices in his face.

"Holy shit lady!" he exclaimed as he wiped his face. "Get ready for my cock," he said as he guided his erect cock towards my wet snatch.

He teased me only placing the tip of his cock inside of me then in one quick motion he buried his cock deep inside of me. I had one cock inside of me and another one in my right hand.

I looked at the old guy to my right and I was amazed that after ten minutes of my hand job that he still hadn't cum.

"Hold on a second," I said to the guy fucking me. "I need a cock in my mouth so let me suck his," I explained as I got up and bent over and took the old guys cock in my mouth. 

The other guy spread my ass cheeks apart and re-entered me. I was having a good time with these old guys. I took all of the old guys cock in my mouth and as soon as I touched his balls I could feel him getting closer to cumming. 

"Mmmm, oh yes, suck it, suck it baby," he moaned as he exploded in my mouth filling my mouth with his warm salty seed.

I slurped it all up when I felt the guy fucking me filling my cunt with his cum. The old guy who was seated beside me got up and was soon replaced by another old man. His cock was short and stubby and he slapped my face with it until I opened up and took him in my mouth.

"Suck it bitch. Suck my cock you little whore," he stated.

Just as I took him in my mouth I felt another cock enter my pussy. I looked back and saw a younger guy fucking me from behind. I went back to my blowjob and the old man grabbed onto my hair and controlled the action.

"Oh yes! Suck me off you cunt!" he screamed.

He lasted another minute or so until he moaned and I felt him cum in my mouth. Unlike the last guy this guy barely had anything come out of his cock. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and it was soon replaced by a much larger and longer cock.

It was the ticket seller's cock that I was now sucking on. I heard Julie scream and I looked up and saw a guy buried between her legs and he was eating her snatch. I looked around the theater before going back to giving head and even saw the other sorority sisters engaged in sexual activity.

"Come on. Suck my cock," the ticket taker exclaimed.

I obliged and soon my head was bobbing up and down faster and faster. He rubbed my breasts as I sucked him off then the guy in back of my pulled out and came all over my back.

"I'm marking my territory slut," he whispered in my ear as he drained his cock all over my back.

"Stop sucking bitch. I wanna fuck you in the ass," the ticket seller said as he spit on my asshole then slowly penetrated my virgin ass with the tip of his cock.

"Oh my god!!" I screamed as I felt things that I've never felt before. 

My mouth was still open when another man's cock found its way in my mouth. I nearly gagged because I wasn't prepared for this. Then another guy climbed beneath me and I heard him say something to the ticket seller. I soon felt another cock entering me and for the first time in my life I had one in the cunt, one in my ass and one in my mouth.

"Nice job Sue!" Kimmy exclaimed as she watched me get drilled in three holes.

I couldn't take much more and was relieved when the guys all came in quick secession. I had cum dripping out of my ass, cunt and mouth and I sat up and realized that between the four sorority girls we serviced every man there. 

Julie and I got dressed and Kimmy gave us our coats back and we left for the sorority house.

"Nice job girls," Kimmy stated as we drove down the street. "You've kept the streak alive for Phi Delta."

"What streak are you talking about?" I asked.

"Oh all new pledges have to go to the movies and service the clientele. You two did a good job so you'll be welcomed into Phi Delta as full fledged sorority sisters." 

We got back to the house and as we walked in Amy the sorority president gave us our pins.

"You are both officially welcomed as members of Phi Delta, or as the guys at the theater call us Phi Delta Slutta," Amy said.

I went upstairs and took a long hot shower. Then I went back to the dorm and crashed. Julie and i got to take the next group of pledges to the theater a few months later and I soon learned to enjoy porn. Many more stories to tell later.