 Gorgeous weather again today, but my A.C. broke. I realized last night when I got home and the inside temperature was a stifling 79 degrees. It was a hot night but luckily, I got a service appointment today, during a time when I could be home to oversee the repairs. Two guys arrived as soon as I got back from the gym and grocery shopping.

I'm not wearing any panties because when I showered at the gym today, I forgot to bring a fresh pair. They may have noticed when I walked up the stairs ahead of them as I was leading them to the A.C. unit from the boiler room. I've been so busy all day; I haven't had time to slip on a new pair. They pulled up to my house just as I was getting home. While they checked on the unit, I unpacked groceries and straightened up. They told me they had to come back in an hour, when my Freon pipe would be defrosted. It appeared my filter needed a good hose-down as well, and that had to dry before being put back. So, I finished putting the food away and eagerly sat down with my laptop for the first time all day. 

I'm stretched out on my couch with the laptop, wearing a cleavage bearing V-neck tee shirt and a mini-skirt while facing the sheer screen door awaiting their return. I'm wondering if I should give them a tease when they come back. All I'd have to do is get up and make sure I reveal a little of my trimmed pussy. I'm thinking about putting on quite a show if they're game. Something tells me, from their demeanor in their initial visit, they're interested. They're also really dirty so I'm not sure if I want them to touch me. Maybe, I could just let them watch me play with myself and pretend to not notice their presence as they work.

The time seems to fly while I fantasize, because I barely look up and I see the two, burly men back at my front door. They're both smiling at me as they see me notice them, and I get up to answer the door. I expose myself but not even on purpose and I blush as I get up! I let them in and show them to the back again and I offer them some water. They accept my offer and when I come back with two bottles in my hands, one drops. I need to bend down and pick it up because their hands are holding tools. They smile again because I've exposed my cleavage... OMG, I'm blushing again. I feel my cheeks flush as I stand up and see them undressing me with their eyes. 

Trying to re-focus and get back to the problem at hand, my broken air conditioning, I feel like the temperature is sweltering. One of the men, the younger one, tells me the filter can go back in. I ask him if I can watch him put it in so I'll know how to change it myself. He grins and says "sure". This time, he leads me downstairs to the boiler room and I follow. He squeezes into the corner and his eyes catch mine. 

He tells me "Here, come closer so you can see." I move in closer and our eyes are locked. Right then as I'm standing in front of him in the close quarters of the boiler room he turns to the filter and shows me how to put it in and take it out. When he turns back to look at me, he doesn't say anything, he just pulls me close by putting his hand on my ass and he reaches his hand up my skirt to feel my damp pussy. 

"You're a dirty girl for teasing me like that." he says, as I feel the large bulge in his pants. "And what do you do to dirty girls?" I ask. He looks at me with his deep, dark eyes and answers: "I'm going to do what our bodies are telling us to do." "What about your friend" I ask and then I hear "What about me?" from right behind. 

All three of us are in a tiny boiler room and I hear the air-conditioning turn on. I also start to feel the coolness coming in from the vent below my panty-less crotch. I turn around to face the second man and the first says to him: you've got to feel this as he lifts up my skirt, and touches my now puffy clit, then he caresses my breasts by reaching in front of me. 

I've got two sets of filthy hands on me and it feels divine! I can feel the prick of the second, taller man stiffening in my hand, through his pants as I reach in to touch him. The first man starts kissing my neck while he's massaging my tits and I can feel the stubble from his chin tickle my back as he makes his way lower down my body. He unbuttons his pants, drops them, then grabs one of my legs from under me and he gets down on his knees and starts licking my ass. I've never had a tongue encircling me there before, but I love it! (I think to myself, I'm going to do a lot of things I haven't done before, today!) 

The taller one helps hold up my hoisted leg and fingers my slit with his rough fingers which are softening with my juices. I reach down and unbutton his pants and take in the lovely sight of his beautiful, thick cock. I stroke it a few times and it's already glistening with pre-cum. He says to the younger guy "I've got to get down there and taste her" and he looks at me, in a very excited way and say's "I'm gonna lick your pussy right now." 

Before the expression on my face can turn from a dreamy gaze to an open mouth of surprise, the first one stands up behind me and takes off my shirt and bra, exposing my tits and hard nipples. Then he puts my hand on his dick, to stroke while the second one gets down on me in front and starts licking me from bottom to top and top to bottom again. Each time his tongue hits the top of my sex, it stimulates my clit even more and I twitch. There is no doubt in my mind; I am fully, completely aroused and ready to get fucked!

Suddenly, my mouth feels very dry and I need a drink. I also need to grab some condoms. I pull away gently and they disengage accordingly. The taller one asks me if I'm all right and I assure them both that I am but I need to get out of this room. They smile and follow me upstairs, and all of us in various states of undress. 

I point to the couch in the living room and tell them "I'd like both of you there, ready for me in a minute". Then I slip upstairs to the bathroom so I can prepare myself for the unknown adventure ahead. I take off the cotton mini skirt that 's sitting around my waist. I dampen a washcloth and wipe my face and neck, and take a sip of water from the cup of my hand. Then, I throw on my satin robe and fill the pockets with condoms. I head back downstairs and they're both sitting on the couch, waiting for me, masturbating them selves, completely naked. I feel a smile cross my lips as I anticipate the ultimate pleasure that I'm about to experience. 

"Feeling better?" The first one asks and I answer, "Oh yes, I just needed a drink of water". 

"Well, let's just get this robe off of you." the second one remarks as he stands up behind me and slips it off of my shoulders. 

The condoms slide out of the pockets as the robe hits the floor and they both acknowledge the site and smile because they know I want to fuck their brains out! I kneel down between the legs of the first, younger guy and put his smooth, stiff dick all the way in my mouth and slide it past my lips and down my throat. All the while, the taller one is watching intently, jerking him self off as I fuck the other one with my mouth. 

Suddenly, I'm pulled on top of the younger one so that my mouth is buried in his lap. My ass and pussy are sticking out in the air. I hear a condom packet rip open and then a few seconds later; I feel the sensation of the taller one's cock penetrating my cunt. "Ahhh" I moan out as he's slowly entering my tight hole so deeply, and I'm trying not to gag on the other's cock as it slides deeper down my throat. I take it out of my mouth and stroke it firmly with my hands while I get pounded from behind. 

We stay entwined this way for a few minutes and I feel the tension building up in my body. My toes start to curl and I'm about to orgasm when the second guy who's been fucking me pulls out. I'm relieved at the release of pressure but my sex organ is still throbbing where he'd been slamming his balls against me as his juicy cock went increasingly faster and harder in and out of me. He pulls off the condom then comes around to me in the front of the couch so both cocks are intermittently in mouth to suck. 

"I know you like that, don't you?" he coos as my saliva drips down my chin while I suck him off. "Mmm hmmm... I mutter out as the younger one gets up from under me and rips open a sex packet for him self. 

They both turn me over so I'm lying on my back and the taller one straddles my face while the first guy puts my ankles over his shoulders. He sticks two fingers up my pussy while circling my clit with his thumb and then with the other hand, he sticks the tip of his finger in my ass and starts to wiggle it around. I writhe uncontrollably, as this new sensation is bringing on the most intense orgasm I've ever had in my life! I can't believe how my body is conforming to accommodate his probing! 

"Don't cum yet" he says, "We've got more work to do" I wonder, How much longer can I hold out? Then, with my ankles still perched on his shoulders, he sits up and starts massaging my labia with the tip of his cock. I gasp for air hard and deep and manage to beg them to please, please make me cum now. 

So the taller one says to the other, "what do you say bud? Ready to fuck her with me?" 

"Oh yeah!" replies the younger one and they both stand up and gently position me to straddle the younger one's dick as he is once again under me. I don't dare move or I may squirt all over, uncontrollably at that moment. I hear another packet open and I know they're both covered. 

Steadily, the taller one is massaging my rear with the head of his cock. I start grinding my hips around the younger guy's prick and then with slow, gentle pressure, I come to realize, I simultaneously have a dick in each of my fuck holes! Oh it feels too good and I think if they each weren't holding me, I might hit the ceiling! My body shakes and my lady parts convulse as we're all moaning in ecstasy! "Oh Fuck!" I scream as their thrusts finally slow and finalize inside of me. 

I wait a moment until they soften inside of me, then I gently dismount and we all collapse in a pile, covered in sweat and my cum. 

A minute passes and the taller guy says "I never did a repair like this before, bro". And then he says to me "I don't even know your name but you are amazing, lady!" 

The younger one chimes in "That was intense." 

I say: thanks guys, I had fun and you got my air to work. Not a bad day! How 'bout we all get dressed and settle up the bill? I get up as they sit up, still naked on the couch and they smile and assure me there will be no bill for our work. It was all our pleasure. 

I slip my robe back on and head upstairs back to my bathroom. I can barely walk but in a sweet, sore, pleasurable way. I take a few minutes to wash, redress and collect myself, wondering if all that really just happened. I become lost in the moment and memory of it all. When I finally re-group, I come downstairs and they're gone. 

"Did that really happen?" I repeatedly ask myself... oh, I'm confused. I see an invoice on the couch. Did those fuckers actually charge me after they said they wouldn't? 

I pick up the slip of paper, relieved to see writing and not dollar signs. It read: Thank you baby, we're showing ourselves out, got a call from the boss! Looking forward to the next time we can service you.