 Slut? Ok, Honey, If You Say So!

My boyfriend and I had plans to go to a party but had been fighting all day but went together anyway since we were expected to show.

He gave me the cold shoulder that night, I drank way too much and, needless to say, one thing led to another. This really cute friend of his, who was always flirting with me anyway, was there. He was a long blonde-haired surfer dude-type with a well sculpted body. So while my boyfriend was off doing whatever it is angry boyfriends do, I came on to his friend. We made out and, eventually, ended up in a spare bedroom.

In there, we kissed and stuff and before long I was sitting on the edge of the bed, and he was standing in front of me with his pants down. I had my panties down at that point (I was wearing a skirt), and fingered myself as I gave him a blow job.

After about ten minutes of this, he said, "I'm gonna cum," then pulled himself out of my mouth and proceeded to cum - a lot - all over my face.

This was the point when my boyfriend, who I guess had finally been looking for me, walked in on us and saw me sitting there, with my panties around my ankles and another guy's cum running down my face and dripping onto my blouse.

I'd like to say I said something so charmingly seductive at that point that the boyfriend immediately dropped his pants and I did him too but, no, he stormed out. 

Just outside the room, I heard a deep baritone voice ask, "Have you seen Jim?" to which my obviously now ex-boyfriend said, "Yeah, he's in there doing the party slut."

Ok, honey, if you say so. I'll be the "party slut"... just for you. Ha ha.

So in walks this tall, handsome black guy who, upon seeing my cum-splattered face, broke into a wide grin.

I had never been with a black guy before, but I think you have to go for it whenever opportunity knocks.

"Next," I said, and he needed no more encouragement than that. I had never seen a man get fully undressed so quickly. 

"My name's Rob," he said. Like I cared. I didn't give him my name. 

As Rob stood in front of me, I slowly ran my tongue up the length of his growing shaft. Then, I took it about an inch in my mouth, and swirled my tongue around his tip.

He let out a soft moan and, as I looked up at him, his eyes were half closed.

While not the longest cock I had seen, it was by far the widest. I'm a petite girl, and I could barely reach my hand around his girth. The contrast between my pale white hand and his dark cock was such a turn-on.

God, I was so wet at that point it was incredible. I glanced down and saw my juices had already left a nice sized stain on the bed, between my legs.

That was the moment I knew I was going to let this guy fuck me for all he was worth. I wanted to be stretched like I had never been before and, finally, to feel him spray my womb with his seed.

I closed my eyes and worked his hard cock in and out of my mouth, increasing the speed each time I let it slide to the back of my throat. My shock of red hair swayed with the motion of my head.

Soon, I heard soft voices in the room. I knew the surfer dude had left after I started on my latest blow, so I was curious. I pulled the cock out of my mouth, careful to keep a firm grip at the base, and opened my eyes.

There were now seven lone guys in the room, all watching intently. Most already had that glazed-over look guys get when incredibly horny.

Also, nearest to the bedroom door, there was a couple. The girl was snuggled against her man and he had his arms around her, kind of holding her up.

The girl, who looked to be in her early 20s, had long black hair - which fell nicely around her large breasts - and full, pouty lips. She had unzipped her jeans and had them pulled down to her hips.

Both her hands were in her panties and it was obvious that she had been fingering herself while watching.

Having an audience only encouraged me, so I slowly took off my blouse, ditched the skirt and, as I unsnapped my bra - exposing my small but perky boobs - and kicked off my panties, I said, "I wanna be fucked so hard," to the man I had just had in my mouth.

Wearing nothing now but my high-heeled black pumps, I climbed up on the bed and got on my hands and knees, facing the crowd. My fingers gripped the edge of the bed as Rob slowly began working himself into my tight pussy. He worked himself back and forth, inch by inch, until he finally slammed his full length into me.

Locking eyes with the masturbating girl by the door, I made a little "O" with my mouth and let out a huge sigh. I must have been quite a sight there: on my knees with my legs spread and my hands holding onto the bed, as my entire body - back slightly arched - rocked to and fro, my cum-splashed face looking in this girl's direction. 

"Pound me!" I whispered, and Rob didn't need to be told twice.

Quickly glancing about the room, I saw that a few of the guys now had their hand down their pants, no longer able to maintain any semblence of social ettiquette by not masturbating in public. They were just too turned on. This only got me hotter, and I played it up.

Looking back into the eyes of the other girl, but speaking out loud for the benefit of the guys, I began, "That feels so good. Fuck! Use me like the slut I am!"

Rob, for his part, quickened the pace. He was so much bigger than me, and so much stronger, that a couple of times as his thick cock slammed into my now tightly-stretched pussy, my back end was literally lifted up off the bed for a moment. Noticing this, Rob gripped my hips with his massive hands and held me in place as he continued fucking me.

Slowly, I felt a warm tingle building inside, telling me I'd soon have one hell of an orgasm. His extra girth filled me like I had never been and the extra friction I felt can't be described.

"Oh god," I moaned, "don't stop... I'm gonna cum soon."

I quickly glanced about the room again, to see two of the guys who had been masturbating now had their hand out of their pants, and were sheepishly wiping their own cum off onto jeans or shirt tail.

The black-haired girl, for her part, was now being fully supported by her man, as she was quickly losing the power to stand on her own two feet. She was biting her lower lip and her half-lidded eyes told me she was so close. Her legs had more or less gone out from under, her feet were both turned inward and I could see the silk fabric of her black panties moving frantically under the motion of her hands and fingers.

Her heavy breathing had attracted the attention of a few of the guys in the room, and they were now watching her instead of me.

That wouldn't do!

"Oh fuck," I growled, "Oh Yes! Oh... I'm gonna cum. Oh god, pump me full of your cum, Rob! I want to feel you shoot inside me!", as I closed my eyes.

I'd like to tell you I was doing that for effect only, but between the combination of being banged, watching this other girl, and knowing how much we were both turning these guys on, I really was about to go over the top.

At that moment, I felt Rob shoot off a large load. It flooded my insides, as Rob continued to pound me, which, in turn, caused me to explode into orgasm.

The pleasure in my pussy shot like electricity into my stomach and up my spine, as I screamed - in a deep, almost gutteral, tone - "Oh, God! I'm cumming... I... oh... so hard..." before letting out an incomprehensile low moan.

As my orgasm begun to subside, I could hear the other girl, as she started calling, "Oh... I'm cumming too. Oh, don't drop me...oh, please. Oh, please..." and, upon hearing that, I opened and refocused my eyes in her direction just in time to see her body writhe and legs tremble as her own orgasm overtook her senses.

The five remaining guys (those that hadn't yet gotten off) had formed a semi-circle around this girl, all the better to watch her. 

A few moments later, I started collecting my clothes to get dressed, as I heard her guy say, "Who wants to cover her face?"

I looked over at the group and, between the guys around her, I could see the girl was now on her knees before them, grinning. As all five guys, plus her boyfriend, pulled out their already hard cocks, she slipped her t-shirt over her head, leaving her large bra-less breasts exposed.

Spreading her legs as far as she could while kneeling, she was able to squat down further.

She tilted her head all the way back, pushed her long black hair back, and said, "Aim for my mouth, ok?" as the guys formed a circle around her.

The expectation of what was to come was getting me hot again so, sitting on the edge of the bed, I spread my own legs apart and began rubbing my cum-coated clit with fore- and middle-fingers. The slick, steady sound behind me told me that Rob was masturbating too.

Closing her eyes, the girl slowly ran her fingers through her long hair over and over, as her lips parted into a toothy open-mouthed smile.

After a few minutes, one of the guys said, "I'm gonna cum", and quickly shot his load across the girl's right cheek, onto her lower lip, and into her mouth.

It was like his cumming had opened up a flood gate, as rest of the guys - except the boyfriend, who had stopped jerking and was now watching - shot off in quick succession.

Both the girl, and her boyfriend, had a look of pure joy in their eyes as her face was completely creamed by five loads. From a few stray shots across her dark hair, onto her forehead and nose, and, especially, covering both cheeks, lips, not to mention a mouthful. A good part of at least three guys had filled her mouth to the point where you could only see the tip of her tongue sticking out of the white liquid.

She then closed her mouth and noisily swallowed, which, seeing her throat contract as the massive amount slide down it, caused me to shudder with another orgasm - the force of which caused the semen inside me to gush out of my pussy onto the edge of the bed with a little splashing onto the floor. 

Hearing Rob breathing heavy, followed by an audible sigh, told me he had shot off onto the bedsheets behind me.

The guys slowly left the room and, as I quickly wiped down my face (of what little cum hadn't already dried) and got dressed, the couple said they planned to use the room now. The guy was rock hard and, with his girl now completely soaked from the neck up and with various guys' cum already trickling down to between her breasts, he said he wanted to give her "her reward."

She was already shimmying out of her jeans as Rob and I left them.

I guess some boyfriends can appreciate their "party slut" girlfriends, and know how they like to be treated!