 "3..2..1 Game over and the Cinderella story has reached midnight. WSU's run to the Sweet 16 is over," the TV announcer stated as Sue's alma mater lost to mine.

With that I looked over at Sue and started laughing. "I guess you know what this means? I get to make you do whatever I want you to do."

"I know," Sue replied dejected over her teams loss. "What exactly do you have in mind?"

"Don't know, give me a day or two to come up with your punishment."

Nothing was said about the game and our bet until the following Wednesday. "Guess what Sue? I've determined what your punishment will be," I stated.

"What?"

"Tomorrow night when Dave and Marcus are here to watch the games you'll be our 'server' and do whatever we ask."

"And what do you mean by do whatever?"

"Well I picked out your wardrobe for tomorrow, and I think you'll like it."

"What am I wearing?" Sue asked reluctantly.

I took her by the hand and took her into our room and showed her a mesh basketball jersey from her alma mater and a purple pair of thong panties.

"I'm supposed to fucking wear that?" she said looking somewhat aghast.

"A bets a bet," I replied. "Besides I'm sure if I lost you'd find a way to fuck with me with your girlfriends. Oh yes and no bra either."

Game night arrived and two of my best friends and co-workers arrived. Marcus a tall dark skinned Haitian native from our IT department and Dave from sales one of my best friends growing up arrived in Dave's car.

"Go Hawks!" Dave yelled as he walked into my basement man cave. "Where's Sue?" he asked.

"Oh she'll be down in a bit. She's fixing the snacks," I replied.

We all sat down and I turned on the 56 inch big screen TV. The pregame show was still on when I told the guys that I was going to go upstairs and see what was taking Sue so long.

"Are you ready?" I asked as I walked into the kitchen.

"I'm not sure," Sue replied. "I don't know if I can do this."

"Bullshit! You've already slept with Marcus and I know Dave's seen your tits before whenever you sunbathed topless on his boat so what's the problem?"

"I know, but I'm still a little nervous."

"If you want wear some shorts over the thong and you can remove them at halftime when you serve more snacks."

"Okay that sounds better. I'll be down in a minute."

"Sue has everything ready," I said as I carried a tray of chips and dips down and put them on the coffee table.

"Who wants a beer?" Sue called out as she came down the steps...only dressed in her basketball jersey and no shorts, or thong. She was bare ass as she walked over to Dave and gave him a beer. 

Her pubes were clean shaven and her pussy lips were swollen in excitement. Her erect nipples were protruding thru the mesh of the jersey and Marcus pulled her onto his lap after she delivered the last beer.

"Fuck the game! I'm playing with this," he decreed as he stroked her pussy and clit as she squirmed on his lap.

"I'm with you brother," Dave replied as he stood up and walked in front of Sue and pulled her basketball jersey over her head leaving her naked and aroused.

Her nipples were rock hard and Dave leaned over and kissed them as Marcus finger fucked her to her first massive orgasm of the evening. As she recovered she rubbed the bulge in Marcus's jeans and he quickly pulled them down, along with his boxers leaving his huge cock throbbing against Sue's lower back.

"M,mmm," Sue moaned as she got up and lowered herself towards Marcus's cock. She kissed the tip like an ice cream cone then licked his entire cock from the tip to his balls.

"Yeah baby. Suck it!" Marcus cried out as she devoured as much as she could.

Dave stood up and dropped his drawers and guided his cock into Sue's wet waiting cunt.

"Yes! Fuck me fast and hard!" Sue screamed as she took a brief break from cock sucking.

Dave rammed away as Sue sucked Marcus faster and faster. The only sounds that you could hear was the slapping of skin and moaning as Sue 'served' my two best friends.

"I'm cumming!" Marcus screamed as he erupted in her mouth. She couldn't contain all of his man juice in her mouth and some trickled out as Dave gave it one last thrust and moaned filling her wet box with his white seed.

"Good, I get her ass," I exclaimed as I put KY on my erect cock then slowly penetrated her tight asshole. I waited a few moments after penetrating her when Marcus got on the floor under her and guided his still semi-erect cock into her cum filled pussy.

"Hey Dave get her to suck your cock, then she'll have one in every hole," I stated.

Dave stood over Marcus and put his flaccid cum covered cock into Sue's mouth.

"Clean it off!" he commanded.

Within moments Sue was screaming and moaning as she had a hard cock in her ass, cunt and mouth.

I slapped her ass as I butt fucked her and Marcus was sucking on her tits as he fucked her snatch. Dave held the back of her head as he fucked her mouth. 

If our neighbors looked in the basement window I'm sure that they would've been shocked by the scene as my petite wife got nailed by three horny guys.

"Oh fuck! " I screamed as I filled her ass with my cum. A few minutes later Marcus pulled out and shot his load on her ass while Dave filled Sue's mouth with his spunk.

We all collapsed on the floor and rested for a while then Marcus broke the ice and said "I wonder who's winning?"

We all laughed and I sat on my recliner and Dave and Marcus got on the couch. My alma mater was getting crushed so Sue ran upstairs...still naked and came back downstairs with pom poms from her college cheerleader days.

"Give me a H...give me an A...give me a W...give me a K...and give me an S! What's it spell? Hawks, Hawks Hawks," she cheered her perky 34Bs bouncing with every jump.

Marcus stood up and got in back of her and picked her up and lowered her onto his hard cock again and this time she cheered as he fucked her.

"Give me a C...give me an O...give me another C..give me a K! Oh yessss I love cocks!" she screamed as Marcus impaled her with his monster snake.

Dave and I stood up and she took turns sucking our cocks as Marcus held onto her. She would suck my cock and stroke Dave's cock, then as she sucked him off she'd stroke mine. 

As she took my cock in her mouth Dave came shooting his wad on the side of her face and neck. As she pulled away from me to see what happened I shot my load on her face and Marcus came deep inside her for the second time of the night.

I grabbed the first thing I could find, her basketball jersey and she wiped the cum off her face.

"I'm never washing this again," she stated as we again collapsed on the floor.

Well my team is now out of the Big Dance, but Sue wants me to invite more guys over to the Championship game. I will provided she can get her sister to come over, because we'll need more than Sue to 'serve' the ten co-workers and friends that I want to invite. We'll have to see what happens next.