 Hey everyone. Sorry I've been so slow to write this chapter. Honestly, I got a little bored with the series. I've got the big picture for the rest of it in my mind, I just have to write it, and fill in details, and that takes time. I'm especially excited for the finale of this series (the final projects), so that should help motivate me to write the chapters between.

I've also been working on a few other stories, but haven't gotten any of them to the point where I'm ready to share them. I am also thinking about writing a few chapters in this series to fill in gaps for homework assignments and whatnot, such as a chapter 5.5, but they might come later. Keep an eye out for all of that.

Now, without further ado, chapter 6!

*****

"Hello again, class," Ms Sharon said as she entered the classroom. "Long time, no see."

We were all seated, and ready to learn. And by that, I mean we were naked, and horny. Last class, the teacher had alluded to what we'd be doing this class period. She had made a point to tell everyone that if they cared to lose their virginity outside of class, to do it before today, because it would involve intercourse.

This wasn't a problem for me. I had lost mine to a good friend of mine in high school. I looked around and wondered if anyone else in the room was thinking about their first time too.

I pulled myself away from that line of thought, and noticed I was already starting to get a little wet, just thinking about it. But it wasn't just the thought of my first time that had me excited. All around the room there were cushions on the floor. I could only assume what they were for, but I had a pretty good idea.

Ms Sharon took her spot at the front of the classroom, and put her bag down, turning to the class. "Alright, class. Today, we're in for a great time. I've already received everyone's homework from last class, either via my email or my dropbox, so we'll jump straight into today's material. I'm going to need a male and female volunteer."

She looked around at everyone, waiting for someone to raise their hand, but nobody did. I could tell everyone was excited about what was going to happen. I could visibly see it in some of the guys' laps. But I guess nobody wanted to be the first to go. Ms Sharon sighed, and said, "Alright, then I'll have to resort back to the bag of volunteers"

I had completely forgotten about the bag of volunteers. Back in the anatomy class, Ms Sharon had created two bags with males and females, and said she'd use it if nobody volunteered for something. Those names that were removed from the bag would not be returned until everyone had been picked.

"If you all remember, the only two names we've removed from the bag have been Nicole and Filipe. In our toys class, all the girls got a chance to demonstrate one of the toys, including Nicole, so I won't be removing any new names from the girls bag. From the guy's bag, however, I've already taken the liberty of removing Tony's name, since he demoed the fleshlight, and none of the other guys demoed.

"So, first a girl." She reached her hand into one of the bags, and I felt my heart start pumping with anticipation. Would it be my name she picked? If it was, what would she ask me to do? She pulled out a piece of paper, and unfolded it. "Sofia, please come up here."

I felt a little relieved, and a little disappointed. I looked over and saw the cute latina girl lean her head forward in mock-defeat. Then she stood up, smiled, and walk to the front of the class. Her mid-sized tits, and beautiful ass jiggled the whole way.

Ms Sharon reached into the other bag and said, "And your lucky mate is...Kent!".

The white boy practically jumped up out of his seat with excitement, which caused everyone else to laugh. Then he calmed himself down and walked to the front. His cock wasn't quite erect, but it definitely wasn't limp. I watched it sway back and forth as he walked past me.

"Alright, you two. You will be demonstrating sexual intercourse. I know you two probably already know what to do, but I'm going to walk you and your classmates through it anyways, just in case.

"Before we begin, we should discuss a few important things. Firstly, before you have sex with anyone, you should ask them if they have any STDs. It can be an awkward conversation, but it's better to be safe than sorry. A few weeks back, I assigned all of you the task of getting yourselves checked for STDs. All of you have completed that task, and turned in the medical report to me, and I'm happy to say that you are all clean.

"The other important thing to be sure of before having sex, is that you don't get pregnant. This is always a risk when having sex, but it can be mitigated by using condoms or birth control. Before today's class, I have asked all of the girls to get a prescription for birth control and start on it. Has anyone not done that?"

Nobody raised their hands.

"Good. Since all of you are clean, and all of the girls are on birth control, the use of condoms is optional in class. However, if either partner would like to use them anyways, that is your choice. Either way, I would like to take a minute to demonstrate how to put one on, for your future reference."

She reached into her bag, and pulled out a wrapped condom, and handed it to Sofia.

"In high school level sex-ed classes, they typically demonstrate this using a banana. Personally, I think the analogy is crude, but for under-age students I guess it suffices. However, in this class, we have a little more liberty, so we can demonstrate by putting it on a real live cock. Sofia, I will ask that you put this on Kent for me." Sofia took the condom, and stared at it, a little dumbstruck. Ms Sharon waited a moment, but when Sofia didn't do anything, she suggested, "Maybe you should start by getting him hard."

Sofia reached over and grabbed Kent's shaft and started stroking it. She was a little timid, but she knew what to do from previous classes. It seemed more like she had stage-fright than anything else. He was already semi-hard, and Sofia seemed to be good at hand-jobs, so it only took a moment for him to get fully erect.

"Good," said Ms Sharon, when she was satisfied with the hardness of his cock. "Now, tear the condom wrapper open. Take care not to damage the condom." Sofia did as she was told, pulling the condom from the wrapper. "Great. Now, place it over the tip of Kent's penis, and roll it down." She did, and the rubber covered Kent's cock.

"Great. Now, do either of you want to leave that on?" Neither of them spoke up. "Alright, I'll take that as a no, so you can take it back off, Sofia." She pulled the condom off, and threw it away in a nearby trash can.

"Alright," said Ms Sharon. "Now on to the good stuff. There are many positions you can have sex in, and in a later class we'll be covering many more, but today we're only going to demo one: the reverse cowgirl. I picked it because it's great for showing the penetration to an audience, which will be a perfect way for me to explain what is going on. So, Kent, please lie down on the table, with your legs pointing towards your classmates."

Kent lied down, and his cock pointed straight up in the air.

"Perfect. Alright, now Sofia, you're going to get on top of the table, and straddle Kent, also facing your classmates. I'll help you get up there."

Ms Sharon pulled over an empty chair, and took Sofia's hand. Sofia stepped onto the the chair, then the table, using Ms Sharon's hand for balance. Sofia put her left foot over Kent, then lowered herself down to her knees, straddling Kent, with her pussy over his belly button.

"Great, Sofia," Ms Sharon said. "Now, I want you to move forward until your pussy is right next to his cock." She slid forward a few inches, until Kent's cock was resting against her pelvis. From this position, I got a clear view of how deep he would go inside her. It was a good 5 inches at least.

"Good," Ms Sharon continued, "Now we need to make sure you are both ready. For Kent, that means his cock should be hard. For you, Sofia, that means your pussy should be wet, and ready to take in Kent's cock. Let me check and make sure you two are ready."

Ms Sharon first grabbed Kent's cock. She stroked it a couple times, before smiling and saying, "That's great, Kent. You're cock is very hard." Then she slid her hand between Sofia's legs, and rubbed her pussy a little. "Sofia, your pussy is still a little dry. Kent, can you help me fix that? Just reach between her legs, and rub her pussy."

Ms Sharon left her hand there, and Kent reached around Sofia's body and added his. They both rubbed Sofia's pussy. I couldn't tell from where I was sitting, but after a little bit, it looked like Ms Sharon stuck a finger or two inside Sofia.

Finally, after a few minutes, Ms Sharon pulled her hand out, Kent followed her lead, and Ms Sharon said, "Alright. I think you're ready, Sofia. Whenever you're ready, you can start."

I watched as Sofia did as she was told. She lifted herself up a little bit, and grabbed Kent's cock, lining it up with her entrance. Then she let herself slide down onto him. She let out a small sigh as Kent's cock impaled her. Then, without being asked, she started hopping up and down, and I saw his cock slide in and out of her, as her tits bounced up and down.

"Great, Sofia," said Ms Sharon. "That's exactly right. Now Kent, in this position, you have a perfect angle to reach around and grab Sofia's tits. I'm sure she'd love it if you did that."

Sofia smiled at the suggestion, and leaned back a little. Kent did as he was told, and reached around her body. He grabbed a hold of Sofia's large breasts and they stopped bouncing. Sofia kept fucking Kent, as he squeezed her tits, with her nipples between his index and middle fingers.

The reverse cowgirl position was a great way for us to all see what was going on, but it also had a downside. After Sofia leaned back, a few thrusts later, and Kent's cock popped out of her. Ms Sharon saw it happen, and without saying anything, she stepped forward, grabbed Kent's cock, and aimed it back at Sofia's pussy, and they were immediately back at it again.

Ms Sharon watched Sofia and Kent fuck for a few more seconds before turning to the class. "Alright, everyone. Take a good look. This is called vaginal penetration. It occurs when a man's penis enters a woman's vagina. It goes by many other names, such as sex, making love, fucking, intercourse, and many more. Call it what you will, but in my opinion, it's one of the most beautiful things in the world. Notice the look on both of their faces. They are enjoying every moment of this. And you can see Sofia's fluids running down Kent's cock. It's amazing."

We all watched them continue for another minute or so. Ms Sharon helped put Kent's cock back in Sofia a few times. Eventually, Ms Sharon continued on to the next part of the class.

"Great. You two keep going," she said, as she turned back to the class. "Now, I want the rest of you to get with your partners and practice this. You can do it in whatever position you prefer, just as long as it involves vaginal intercourse. Darrell and Nicole, since your partners are occupied, you can partner with each other. John and Eric, get with other pairs today. I'm going to be going around and making sure everyone is doing it correctly, and helping anyone who has trouble. If anyone would like to use a condom, there's a pile of them here on my desk. Whenever each of you has an orgasm, you are free to leave. Just make sure you pick up a sheet from my desk detailing your homework assignment, which is due by the next class."

There was a bit of a commotion in the room as everyone got up and moved to be with their partners. Tony and Alex came over to me. Surprisingly, they were both looking me in the eye, even though all three of us were completely naked, and about to get it on. I guess that's just how comfortable we were with each other. 

"You ready for this?" Tony asked.

"Of course!" I said with a smile. 

"Do you want to use a condom?" he asked. I shook my head. I was on the pill, so I had nothing to worry about. Plus, I much prefer going bareback. Skin on skin contact just feels better.

Tony got down on a nearby cushion, and layed on his back, putting his hands behind his head. He was going to let me do all the work here. I was fine with that. It gave me more control. So, I got down on my knees, and straddled his thighs, facing his chest. Like a magnet, his hands were instantly on my tits.

Ms Sharon came over to us first. "Alright Samantha, scoot forward a little, and reach between your legs and find Tony's cock, and guide it in." I did, and it took me a moment, but I soon had my hand wrapped around his cock, which was rock hard. I pointed it at my pussy, and sat down. I couldn't help but let out a moan as I felt it slide deep inside me. I looked down and saw a smile on Tony's face.

Ms Sharon was behind me, watching Tony's cock as it slid inside. "Excellent! Now, enjoy the ride!" She stood and walked over to the next group.

As I fucked Tony, I watched Ms Sharon go around to the other groups. She mostly watched, but she gave a few tips here and there. Things like "try raising yourself a little higher" and "grab her tits". A couple groups had a bit of trouble getting started, so she lent a helping hand, getting the girl wet, or guiding the guy's cock into the girl's pussy.

After about 10 minutes, Tony told me he was about to cum. Before I could even react, I felt a warmth inside me. I looked down, and saw his cum dripping out of my pussy. I smiled at him, and continued riding until he was spent, then got off and stood up. I felt the cum dripping down my inner thigh, but didn't pay it much mind.

"Alright, Alex, you ready?" I asked him. He nodded. "Condom?" He shook his head. Excellent.

This time, it was my turn to be on bottom. I laid down on my back, and I immediately spread my legs as wide as they could go, showing my bald pussy to everyone who cared to look, which actually wasn't too many people. Almost everyone was preoccupied with their partners. Of course Alex and Tony looked, and I watched their faces as I felt Tony's cum drip out of me.

Alex pulled himself out his trance, and knelt down between my legs. He lined his cock up with my hole, and pressed. It immediately slid in, since I was thoroughly lubricated. As he entered me, my moans joined the many others in the room.

As my second partner fucked me, I laid my head back and enjoyed it, looking around at my other classmates. There was sex happening all around me. A few feet to my left, Latoya was riding Ken. On the other side of me, I saw Nicole on her knees, with Darrell behind her, thrusting. I looked towards the front of the classroom, and saw that Sofia and Kent were gone. They must have finished and left.

As Alex fucked me, the number of people in the classroom dwindled. Each pair would finish, lay there for a bit, watching everyone else, get dressed, grab a homework sheet, and leave.

After about 10 very amazing minutes, Alex whispered to me that he was close. I smiled and whispered back, "fill me up." He must have liked that because I immediately felt him unload into me. His thrusts slowed, and then he pulled out. I felt a whole new batch of cum drip out of me. I laid there a moment. I thought about finishing myself then and there, but that wasn't the focus of that day's activity, and the class period was almost over, so I figured I'd wait until later. 

Instead, I stood up. I looked around and saw that a few couples were still going at it, but almost everyone was gone. I walked over to my bag, and grabbed the outfit I was wearing earlier, which was just a gray, striped dress, and pulled it over my head. Then I went to the front and grabbed a homework sheet, put it in my bag, and left for home.

On the way, I read the homework assignment sheet. It said: "Have vaginal sex with at least 3 different people. Try as many positions as you can. We'll be demoing them in a future class. Be sure to bring photographic proof of the assignment. 

"If you're interested in extra credit, you will receive extra points if you participate in a threesome (or more), which involves double penetration (aka: two guys inserted into one girl at the same time)"

Reading the assignment immediately got me wet again, and I couldn't help but rush up to my dorm room. Before the door was even closed, I was stripping out of the dress, and getting on my bed. I fingered myself, trying to cum for what seemed like hours, but was probably more like minutes, before giving up. It was no use. I needed some cock.

Now was as good a time as any to finish my homework, so I grabbed my phone, and started thinking about who I wanted to study with.