 Wayne and I are what most would call "swingers" but a few who have known us in the lifestyle say we are more of a Stag/Vixen or Hotwife couple. Those are pretty accurate descriptions but really we are a secure couple with an open marriage. I'm free to fuck whoever I want and so is Wayne but we don't spend every weekend having sex with others, we can go months without any type of activity with another single or couple. 

I haven't really been in the mood for any crazy sex lately and I had gone out with some friends for drinks one night and our waiter was gorgeous! He was about 6ft tall, muscular, and had a great smile and flirtatious personality that just made me want to fuck him. Wayne and I aren't open about our sex life with our "social" circle so I had to refrain from sliding him my number in front of the people I was with, but it definitely made me want a guy like him as a fuck buddy!

That night when I got home, I said to Wayne "I want to find someone new to fuck, will you help me?" 

"Of course!" he said, "What are you looking for this time?"

I thought back to the waiter and said, "I'd like to find a guy who's a little younger than me, he needs to be in really good shape and over 6ft tall with at least a 7 inch cock," as I thought about it for another moment I added, "He also needs to be ok with you eating my pussy while he is fucking me!"

Wayne grinned and said "Feeling frisky are we?", as he leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips. He pulled back slightly to look in my eyes and cup my breast, his thumb tracing circles over my stiff nipple. "I'll see what I can find!"

A few days later, Wayne showed me a couple of profiles from swinger websites that met the criteria I was looking for. One of them stood out to me based on his stats:

Age: 24

Height: 6ft 4in

Weight: 248lbs

Build: Muscular

Eyes: Brown

Hair: Short

Race: African American

Endowment/Breast Size: Above Average

Sexuality: Straight/BiCurious

His pictures showed someone with the exact build I was looking for after seeing that waiter, so I sent an email.

"Hi, this is the wife of the couple and I like your profile. Take a look at ours and let us know if you are interested." 

I've found that too much detail in the first message always tends to invite stalkers or guys who just pursue me too aggressively. The next day, I received a response.

"Hello, my name is Darryl, thank you for reaching out to me. Your profile is very detailed and it sounds like we enjoy a lot of the same things. I love playing with couples and truly enjoy sharing a wife with her husband. Some husbands just want to watch their wife getting fucked and that's fine to, I try to put on a good show. How would you like to proceed from here?" 

I responded and gave him my username and Wayne's username, inviting him to chat with either of us. Shortly afterward we received a group chat request from Darryl. He got extra points from me for starting the chat with both of us.

Darryl: Hello, this is Darryl, I hope you two are having a good weekend!

Wayne: Hey Darryl, I'm Wayne and so far our weekend has been uneventful but good. How about you?

Darryl: Nice to meet you, and my weekend has also been uneventful but relaxing. You have an absolutely stunning wife Wayne!

Sara: Awwww, thanks Darryl, by the way I'm Sara and you look pretty damn good yourself.

Darryl: Thanks and it's nice to meet you Sara. It's hard to get that picture from your profile off my mind.

Wayne: agreed, she is quite photogenic and looks even better on video!

Darryl: I bet!! So do you guys take pictures or video of all your encounters?

Sara: Not all of them, some guys and couples don't want to be in pictures or videos, we leave it up to them or the situation. We only use them for our own consumption and don't post them without permission.

Wayne: I'm definitely into watching Sara doing pretty much anything with anyone at any time.

Darryl: ok, I don't mind pics or video as long as it stays private and I totally get you bro, she's a fucking treat to look at.

Sara: Wayne wishes I would walk around naked in a frat house of horny 20 somethings...which is kind of an exciting thought now that I say that out loud. Lol

Darryl: I don't blame him, that thought took me down a pretty dirty path just now as well ;-)

Sara: Oh really? So you like to think about me fucking a bunch of guys all the time like Wayne does?

Darryl: I would definitely prefer to be one of them but I have a had a couple 4somes and 5somes with one woman and it's kinda hot to think back and remember what she looked like while sucking one cock, having one in each hand and riding another.

Wayne: So you and 4 friends can make it over tonight right?

Sara: NO!! Well...maybe one day you horn dog!

Darryl: I think I could find a friend or 10 for Sara ;-)

Darryl: but I would prefer to get to play with you on my own first

Sara: me too...but I have a question, how "Above Average" is your cock?

Darryl: 9.5 inches long and about 6.5 inches around. Here is a pic:

Sara: Damn! I can't take all of that, it's too long, I wanna cry :-(

Darryl: well you'd be surprised what you can take with a little patience. I know I'm pretty big and wouldn't try to put it all inside you...until you ask me to.

Sara: deal! I'm up for the challenge

Wayne: I'm down to watch or help as requested.

Darryl: so are you guys a cuckold couple? 

Wayne: not really, I actually prefer to watch her with other guys and play when requested but we also have couples join us and I have had encounters with single females just as she has had encounters with single guys. Just depends on the situation.

Sara: yeah, the whole cuckold thing gets a bit specific and a lot of times includes humiliating the husband or degrading him and that's not what we enjoy. It's fun when the guy is assertive or dominant but not in a belittling way to Wayne or his ability to please me sexually. 

Darryl: I totally understand, I'm not a fan of the degrading talk either. I'm like...why, how could that be a turn on? But to each their own I guess.

Sara: yep! Our thoughts exactly. We tend to be pretty open minded when it comes to sex though.

Darryl: so what are your limits?

Wayne: My limit is midgets; I can't do midgets.

Sara: LMAO

Darryl: Hahaha

Sara: I don't have many, I'm open to pretty much anything that feels good. Sometimes I get a craving for DP or DVP but with your size that may not work...I guess anal would also be an issue with a cock that size.

Darryl: I understand. I'm also down for anything that feels good and don't have many limits myself...I'd probably even allow midgets and will definitely refrain from using my entire cock until you ask for it.

Wayne: LOL...I'm out if there are midgets. What about incidental contact between you and me?

Darryl: I'm not concerned about it, if our dicks touch or Sara can somehow fit both in her mouth or pussy, I'm fine with it. I've done DVP and had another guy cum first and I just kept going till I came too. I'm not opposed to intentional contact either.

Wayne: What do you mean by intentional?

Darryl: I'm not what I would consider bisexual but when playing with a couple it's just "all sexual" for me. Pleasure is pleasure...a hand is a hand...a mouth is a mouth, you know what I mean?

Sara: Got it. So you wouldn't be opposed to Wayne licking my pussy or ass while you are fucking me? Or if you cum in me and Wayne goes down on me afterward that won't bother you?

Darryl: NOT AT ALL!! That is hot as hell!! Like I said, if it feels good why not do it? Would you be opposed if I did the same while Wayne was fucking you?

Sara: Definitely not opposed...that feels great when Wayne does it and we've never had anyone do it while we were fucking.

Wayne: yeah I'm totally fine and agree with the "if it feels good, do it" approach.

Darryl: Great! Sounds like we are all on the same page.

We all continued chatting in the group chat, discussing some of our respective sexual adventures over the next few days and found that we all have had similar experiences. 

We agreed to meet for drinks on Friday night at a local bar as our initial meet and greet to make sure everyone vibes together in person. 

I asked Wayne "Do you mind if Darryl and I have a private chat session? I want to get a feel for his personality and see if there are any red flags."

"Go for it, let me know if you get any information worth sharing." Wayne replied with a wink.

By the way, I can't tell you how awesome it feels to have a husband who completely trusts you to the point where he doesn't mind you having private conversations with other men. I know I don't have to ask permission; Wayne has given me the freedom to do pretty much anything I want but it still feels right to ask if he minds.

Over the course of the next few days, Darryl and I began having a pretty hot and heavy session. Every time he would send a picture of is body (and especially his cock) I couldn't help but think about how he would feel against me, on top of me, in me. I would imagine taking his cock in my hand, feeling the weight of it, how my hand would wrap around the shaft and my fingers not be able to touch each other. I pictured looking up at him while I gently stroked his cock with both of my hands, and he leaned down to kiss me. The dark brown skin in contrast with my milky white hands, how it would look and feel as the thick head slides between my pussy lips and disappears slowly inside of me. His length pushing deeper and the feeling of being stretched by his thickness as he pulls back out and slides back in again with my juices glistening on the shaft of his cock. These chat sessions would always send my mind into the dirtiest of moods and make me so wet that I was afraid my panties wouldn't be enough, and I would soak my jeans!! 

On Wednesday night before we were scheduled to meet, Darryl sent me a message saying, "I can't wait lay you back and savor your beautiful body as I slip my tongue between the soft folds of your pussy for the first time!"

He proceeded to tell me all the things he wanted to do to me and after about 10 minutes I was shaking because I was so horny and ready to fuck this guy. 

I said, "I'll be back in a few minutes." and went to find Wayne.

"Wayne, I need your help for a minute, come to the bedroom please." I said as I walked by him sitting on the couch.

Wayne walked in to find me standing there with flushed cheeks and I handed him my phone, he flipped through the conversation quickly and looked up at me. 

"I need you to record this without my face in it so I can send it to Darryl." I said with a wry grin.

Wayne's face lit up and he took a knee, raising my phone up to capture me from the neck down and said "Action!" as he began recording.

I slowly unbuttoned my jeans and unzipped them to reveal lacy black G-string panties. I turned around and bent over in slow motion as I slid my jeans over my hips and down my ass to the floor. I spread my legs slightly and reached between my legs to run a finger over the outside of my panties. I turned back around, seductively sitting down on the bed and scooting back just far enough to be able to plant my feet flat on the surface and spread my legs. I slid a hand down the front of my panties and found my swollen clit immediately and gave it a gentle stroke as my fingers slid between my lips easily. My silky juices didn't need much coaxing, so with my other hand, I pulled aside my panties to show the camera how my initial hand was sliding up and down between my lips and over my clit. I used two fingers to slowly spread my lips so you could see how wet I was. I closed my legs, rolled to my back and slid my panties past my hips with my legs together so he could see my wet pussy lips glistening in the light. I kept my legs pulled to my chest and slowly spread them out as I slid my right hand down my pubic hair, over my clit and slowly buried my middle two fingers as deep as I could inside myself and began to slowly slide them in and out. I waved to Wayne to come closer in order to catch the up-close look and sound I knew was about to create. I began to speed up my hand and fingers which created a nice, wet smacking sound as I furiously finger fucked myself with one hand while rubbing my clit with the other until I came so hard that I was literally shaking.

Wayne stopped recording and moved in like he was going to climb on top of me and I pushed him back and said, "You need to wait your turn, the next cock in this pussy will be Darryl's!"

I dropped to my knees, unzipped his pants and released is throbbing cock, wrapping my lips around the head and taking as much of him as I could. I moaned and rubbed my pussy, pulling my mouth away every 30 seconds to look up at him, teasing his imagination with dirty little comments.

"Can you imagine his cock stretching my pussy...mmmmmm" as I greedily slid my mouth over the tip is his cock.

"I bet he cums a lot, oh god I can't wait to feel it shoot inside me!" 

"Will you lick my clit while he fucks my tight, white, pussy with his big black cock?"

That pushed him over the edge, and I watched as his cock spasmed and stream after stream of cum erupted from his cock all over my face and chest. I licked and sucked the tip of Wayne's cock until he went soft and then stood up to kiss him.

I cleaned up really quick and then sent the video to Darryl and said, "Sorry, I got so turned on thinking about you doing all those things to me that I had make myself cum!" 

About 30 minutes later, Darryl responded with "OMG, WOW, I bet Wayne enjoyed that super wet pussy, he'll have to thank me later."

I said, "He may curse you actually, I told him he couldn't fuck me, and I wanted the next cock in my pussy to be yours!"

"Damn!! I'll do my best not to cum until then but after that video I may not last much past Friday!"

When Friday finally came around and I got home from work, I took a nice long bath and shaved my legs and everything else completely bald. I stepped out of the bathtub and began drying off as Wayne walked in and asked, "You know I won't argue if you shave your pussy bald but if tonight is nothing but a meet and greet, why shave?" 

I looked at him and said, "Would you argue if I wanted it to go further tonight?" 

His response was a look like I asked if he wanted a million dollars and he responded immediately with "Of Course not!! I'll call and find us a hotel just in case!", and then he promptly disappeared.

I messaged Darryl and said, "You may want to come tonight prepared to go further than a meet and greet ;-)" and attached a picture of my bare pussy. 

He sent back a pic of his freshly shaved cock and balls saying, "You know it!!"

I selected one of my favorite matching bra and panty sets and chose a simple form fitting dress to wear that night. While I was standing there putting on my makeup, Wayne came up behind me, grabbed my hips and pulled my ass into his pelvis where I could feel his rock-hard cock straining against his pants. He hiked up my dress and I looked back over my shoulder and leaned back against him so I could kiss his lips. Wayne's hands began to caress my ass and waist, he slid a hand over my pussy and cupped it, massaging it as I ground my ass against his cock. 

He whispered in my ear "I have a hotel room around the corner from the bar. I can't wait to see Darryl's thick cock slide inside you."

Wayne slid his hands beneath my panties and pulled them down to my ankles helping me step out of them. He pulled my ass to his face, grasping a cheek in each hand and buried his tongue between my cheeks, probing for my sphincter. His warm, wet tongue pressed against my tight asshole and I bent forward and pushed back against his tongue as it stiffened, entering my ass. He groaned and squeezed my hips as I continued to rock back against his tongue fucking my asshole. I reached back and grabbed the back of his head to get extra leverage and pulled his face deeper into my ass for a few seconds. Then I stood back up, turned around and looked down at him and asked, "Will you do that again tonight while Darryl's cock is stretching my pussy?" 

Wayne grinned and looked at my pussy as he stood up and looked me in the eye and said, "Of course baby, I'd be happy to!" before he kissed me deeply and squeezed my ass before walking away to get ready.

We arrived at the bar a few minutes late due to traffic and saw Darryl sitting at a booth. We walked over and introduced ourselves and I sat next to Darryl as Wayne sat down across from us. We ordered drinks and Darryl's big, powerful hand found its way to my leg under the table. He slowly stroked the inside of my right knee with a finger as we all chatted over a couple of drinks. As round 3 came to the table, I reached over and put my hand high on Darryl's thigh and gently squeezed, I was surprised to feel his cock swell under my hand and I began to trace little shapes on his swelling bulge as his hand slid further up my leg. 

After round 3, I leaned into Darryl's ear and asked, "Are you ready to go somewhere a little more private?"

Darryl looked over to Wayne who nodded yes, and Darryl said "Absolutely!"

I said, "Wayne was nice enough to get a hotel room around the corner, you can follow us there."

Darryl said, "I only lived 15 minutes away and took an Uber here."

"Great, you can just ride with us, I'm sure Sara will keep you company in the back seat!", Wayne offered just as our check arrived. 

The waitress blushed a little as she heard the statement and looked down to see me stroking Darryl's cock through his jeans and Darryl's hand having pushed my dress up high on my leg. His fingers sliding up and down the inside of my thigh, inches from my pussy. She did her best to play it off like she didn't notice, but you could see goose bumps appear on her arms as she turned to walk away and put her face in her hands. 

Wayne dropped a couple 20's on the table and helped me up. He escorted me to the door with Darryl right behind. As we got to the car, he opened the back door and helped me in as Darryl entered from the opposite side and Wayne got behind the wheel. As the car started to move, I reached over and groped at Darryl's crotch, moving closer to him as he leaned in to kiss me. I opened my mouth to accept his kiss and felt his hand on my left breast. He kissed his way down my neck and over to my ear as I rubbed his crotch. My nipples were stiff and aching for his touch and I could feel the warmth between my legs. The tingle that had been building at the bar behind my clit was beginning to pulse in rhythm with our breathing. I could see Wayne glancing in the mirror every few seconds to watch. It was all I could do not to straddle Darryl right there in the car.

I expected Darryl to reach under my dress to fondle my pussy, but he didn't, he stroked my leg and squeezed my breasts until we pulled up to the hotel. Wayne shut off the car and opened my door to help me out. I stepped out and kissed him deeply as he reached down and cupped my ass. Darryl exited the car and we walked around towards the front of the hotel with Wayne on my left and Darryl on my right. 

Wayne said, "Room 1112, we are already checked in and the digital key is on my phone." 

We walked past the front desk and through the empty lobby to enter the elevator. Wayne stepped to the left to hit the button for the 11th floor, I stepped to the right and put my back to the side wall of the elevator, Darryl entered and moved to the left behind Wayne and put his back to the wall to face me. As the elevator doors closed and we began to go up, Wayne turned to face me, shoulder to shoulder with Darryl. I reached down to the bottom of my dress and began to slowly lift it, running a hand up the inside of my leg all the way to my hip. My dress came up high enough for them to see my bare pussy and I reached down with my other hand to trace the outline of my pussy lips. I began biting my lower lip with a look on my face of pure and utter desire. Just as Darryl started forward, the elevator came to a stop and I dropped the hem of my dress while the elevator doors opened on our floor. 
