 The thought of having another woman with us has excited me for a very long time...I have only mentioned this to you a few times...just in mere conversation...with no elaboration...I want tonight to be a surprise...I want to see the shock come over your face...the twinkle in your eye...when you see we have a visitor...

Her and I have talked for a long time...planned this night out in every detail...You arrive at home with no hint of what is in store for you...I have music playing in the background...the lights are dim as you enter the house...you head straight to the bedroom...as you get undressed her and I walk into the room together...you turn to see me...us...and a slow grin comes across your face...as you see us there...you inspect our visitor...I see that you approve...

We come toward you and take you by the hand and lead you out onto the deck...we finish undressing you...by now her and I both can appreciate your erect cock...you couldn't conceal it...even if you wanted to...

You can see the steam from the hot tub slowly rising and hear the gurgle of the jets roaring...her and I step in and you eagerly join us...as you sit between us...you enjoy the feel of our bodies against you...the feminine aroma teasing your nose...and you find your mind racing as you wonder what you are about to experience...

She slowly begins to rub the inside of your thigh...and I start to massage your shoulders and neck...you spread your legs for her as she begins to stroke your rock-hard cock...I slide in behind you pressing my tits against your back and begin kissing your neck...nibbling my way around to each ear...and carefully down your spine...

She carefully swings her leg over and straddles you...her voluptuous tits against your chest...the feel of us both against you is heavenly...you never imagined I would ever let this happen...

As she straddles you...you can feel her pussy against your raging cock...you long to slip inside of her...she begins kissing you passionately...your tongues darting in and out...exploring...tasting one another...

She begins grinding your cock now...rubbing her clit against the head...wanting...needing to get herself off...as her movements quicken...I begin kissing you almost forcefully...my pussy aching now as I have watched her tease you...as she begins to cum she grabs my head and pulls my lips towards hers...we kiss each other fervently...and you and I both feel her body tremble as her orgasm begins...

As she pulls back from me she smiles at you and slowly lifts her leg and steps out of the tub...she takes me by the hand and you follow us back into the bedroom...You are enjoying the sight that is unfolding in front of you...

As we reach the bed she carefully pushes you down on the mattress...climbs on top of you and straddles your chest...her nice round ass in your face...as she begins pumping your cock with her hand I climb onto your face and you eagerly begin licking my pussy...teasing my clit with the tip of your tongue...

I can't resist the temptation of massaging her ass...as I begin to touch her she backs up towards me...closer...you can feel her wetness against your neck...you begin taking turns licking our pussies...teasing us both now...

As I begin to cum I reach down and carefully insert my finger into her...she begins fucking my finger faster as her and I both climax almost simultaneously...

Your face and chest are soaked now with our pussy juices and your cock is throbbing...you are ready for a release...anxious to shoot your load...

I lay down on my back and spread my legs for you...I crave to feel your cock inside of me...as you begin to fuck me she lays down beside me...she begins to fondle my tits...pulling on my nipples...teasing me with her tongue...this excites me...

As you turn me over and get me on my hands and knees she slides underneath me...as your cock slips easily in and out of my pussy she begins to tease my clit...gently sucking it...bringing me to cum again...while you fuck me hard and fast...she begins to lick your balls as she watches intently how easily your cock goes in and out of me...

As you take your cock out of my pussy you notice that she is ready to be fucked...she has moved around on the bed now where her legs are spread wide and you ache to fuck her...hard...make her scream...

As you enter her...the tightness of her pussy makes you want to cum even more...as you start to fuck her...you glance over to see me with my dildo...

As you fuck her...my pussy gets more tense...needing to cum...you fuck her intensely until you feel her pussy tighten around your cock...she moans quite loudly as her body jerks with each wave of orgasm...

As you begin to hear me moan...you cum with such force your balls ache...you squirt your cream inside of her and your body jerks almost violently...

I move slowly over to where you both lay and I kiss you both...her more softly...more intently...because she is the one who has just made our adventure come true...