 I'm Sara and I recently found that I enjoy recounting and reliving some of my most memorable sexual experiences through the written word. Since this is my first attempt I feel like you need a sense of who I am, sort of a backstory for all the things you will read here.

I guess a description would be the first place to start. I'm 5'7" tall with dirty blonde hair that I keep fairly long, about to the center of my back and I have green eyes. I weigh 138lbs and my measurements are 34-28-34 with a DD cup size. My husband Wayne says I'm thick in all the right places and to be honest, I feel sexy as hell. Since these stories will span 7 years of my life, I'll leave age out...

Wayne and I met when I was 20 and he was 26. He kept me from making a bad decision one night at a party and we began dating the same week. Neither of us was shy about sex so we hooked up on our 2nd date. After a few weeks together, I walked in on Wayne jerking off while watching porn on his laptop. He felt embarrassed and tried to hide it like I was going to be offended but I opened the lid to find him watching a woman in a gangbang with 3 black guys and 2 white guys in a locker room. I told him to keep watching as I dropped to my knees and sucked his cock. He only lasted about 2 minutes before I pulled away and let him cum on my face. While looking up at him, my face covered in his cum and sound of the porn in the background I asked if had ever had a threesome. He said that he had and asked me the same thing, I told him I haven't but it turned me on to think about. After that we would watch porn together and find creative ways to get each other off. Fast forward a year and we were married with our first child on the way. Wayne and I live a happy life and are best friends, one night while getting ready for bed Wayne mentioned wanting to have some fun and I'm always up for an orgasm or two...so I flipped on the TV, turned on the Playboy Channel and began rubbing my clit while waiting for Wayne. He walked in and laid beside me replacing m hand with his as we watched this couple confess to being "swingers"...throughout the next hour Wayne and I were educated on the "swing" lifestyle and rather than having sex we ended up having a conversation.

We discussed how crazy it would be to see each other having sex with someone else. To be honest, up to that point, it never really crossed my mind as an option, I was married and that meant being faithful to my husband emotionally and sexually. After some honest conversation we both realized that sex is just a physically pleasurable act. We only live in this world a short time, why not enjoy as much of it as you can. Emotion on the other hand is where that faithfulness has to remain. If you can separate physical pleasure from emotion, then sex is really no different than getting a massage or pedicure, just slightly MORE pleasurable. So after a bit more conversation and a few test runs, we found that the trust we share is unbreakable as long as there is honesty between us and faithfulness to our love for each other. That is when SlutWifeSara was born.

So what are our sexual preferences or preferred sexual encounters with others??

I've always appreciated the beauty of both men and women in their own right. I made out with a girl once on a dare at a party in high school but that was it. After Wayne and I started this adventure our first encounter was with another couple. After that, I looked at women in a different light. In sexual situations with my husband, going at it with another woman is fun, exciting, different and at the end of the day just feels good. So I enjoy sex with both men and women. Could I have 1 on 1 sex with a woman without Wayne involved, absolutely, just as I could do the same with a man. If you ask for my preference, I prefer sex with men. Does that make me bisexual? I'm not sure and don't really feel the need to label it. 

Wayne says he has learned to be "situationally heteroflexible" over the years where I'm concerned. As he looks at it, anything with me involved and turns us on is fair game regardless if that is visual, imagined, or physical. He told me that one day he was watching porn and saw his first "Creampie Eating Husband" video...and ever since then he was turned on so much by the idea that one day he just did it after he came in me. That evolved into him going down on me after I had been with another guy, which evolved into me kissing him after I blew him to completion and now it's a normal part of our sex life. He hasn't ever been penetrated by another guy and hasn't ever given a blow job so he wouldn't consider himself bisexual, more of a "go with the flow and not worry about social norms type". I've told him he is welcome to explore that with or without me. It turns me on to think about all the things Wayne and I could enjoy if we were both open to all that sex has to offer.

So I lost all my inhibitions about fucking other guys early on. If there was a guy I wanted to fuck, Wayne and I would make that happen. Hell, he went on school field trips so I could make a daytime date with a new guy or he would take the kids to the mall and the movies while I spent a few hours sucking a new cock, having my pussy eaten and generally getting my pussy pounded. Wayne would always text and ask how things were going and I'd send him a pic of whatever we were doing at that moment. He would forbid me from cleaning up after these sessions with another guy and then he'd come home and ask me to tell him about it while he fondled, fingered, licked and sucked my body eventually sliding his cock inside me to fill me up again. So I knew he was always onboard with me being as slutty as I wanted to be. 

Occasionally Wayne would be able to join me and another guy so I'd get to enjoy my husband's awesome imagination and another guy's willingness to please me in the same room. Being the center of attention of 2 guys exploring your body with their hands, tongues, mouths, and cocks makes me squirm in anticipation.

Yes, we do enjoy other couples and the dynamic they introduce from time to time. Sometimes the wife or girlfriend from the other couple and I will start out by teasing the guys, slowly kissing and undressing each other. Wayne will eagerly ditch all clothing and stand there stroking his cock and the husband of the couple will eventually catch up. As I lay back and spread my legs for her, I can hear the woman's husband say "Damn bro, Sara is so fucking hot with my wife's face buried in her pussy!" 

And Wayne says "you haven't seen nothing yet!" As I call them forward and take a cock in each hand, pulling them up onto the bed so both cocks are pointed at my mouth and I can lick and suck them at the same time while I get my pussy licked. 

It's odd that the husband tends to be the first one to cum when he and his wife are with us, sometimes it just takes me licking his balls and sucking his cock, moaning as his wife brings me closer to climax and he just blasts his load down my throat. I eagerly swallow every drop and pull Wayne down for a big deep cum filled kiss which surprises most couples. I'll be kissing Wayne and stroking the husbands cock and then lean over and suck the last drops of cum from the tip and then immediately kiss Wayne long and deep. We always get looks of incredulous awe when this happens...it's almost as incredulous as when Wayne cums inside the wife, kisses her and says I'll be back in a minute...then either goes down on her or pulls her up to sit on his face! She goes crazy and her husband is in shock at seeing his wife's freshly fucked and cum filled pussy being eaten by Wayne. Of course I crawl over with my ass in the air and try to help which always tends to get the husband to fuck me...by that time, the wife has collapsed in exhaustion, Wayne and I are sharing more deep kisses that taste of cum and pussy while I'm getting fucked from behind and with a grunt I feel the husband stiffen and shoot a warm load of cum into my pussy. I grin at Wayne and I spin around to sit on his face and suck the husbands cock clean while I grind my soaking wet cum filled pussy on Wayne's face until I cum again.

As you can see we lead a fairly interesting sex life and this series of stories will recount some of my favorites over the years.

Till Next time...