 The day after our first encounter with Darryl, he reached out to both of us on KIK, thanking us for a great night and saying how much he enjoyed being a part of sexual adventures. I honestly appreciated his consideration of Wayne by messaging both of us, it showed a great amount of respect for our relationship. Of course, we responded, and I told him how much I enjoyed it and couldn't wait till we could get together again.

Darryl is one of my most memorable sexual experiences, it's one of those life events you recall when you are alone and horny, or when you get a tingle behind your clit when your jeans rub you just the right way and it reminds you of how sore you were the next day. Wayne on the other hand loves to watch the video he recorded that night. He will occasionally bend me over and fuck me while he watches Darryl and I fucking that night on his phone.

Wayne said to me the other day, "Watching you on video, sliding up and down on Darryl's cock, all 9.5 inches of that thick dark shaft disappearing inside you, and your cries of ecstasy is one of the hottest things I've ever seen!"

I responded, "Trust me, it was one of the hottest things we've ever done, and I mean ever! I really wasn't sure how to react when he stuck his cock between us while we were kissing but I'm positive it's what made me so wet. There was just something so sexy about us kissing each other and Darryl's cock at the same time."

"I know, and to be honest I thought you would be worried because I didn't have a stronger negative reaction at the time." said Wayne.

I looked at him quizzically and asked "What do you mean? Why would I be worried?"

Wayne took a moment, taking a deep breath he said "When we started this little sexual escapade of ours, I never thought I would get so much enjoyment out of watching you having sex with other men. When I first ate your pussy after I came in you, I was fantasizing about it being someone else's cum...and that sort of bothered me and I began questioning myself afterward. Did eating my own cum from your pussy make you think less of me? Did my fantasy of it being another man's cum make me Bisexual??? You had to be thinking something similar right? But I convinced myself to let it go because you came so hard and so fast. Then you fucked Bill like two days later...when you were riding him, he came in you and I thought to myself...'If she gets off him and sucks his cock with her ass in the air, I'm going to bury my tongue in her'...which is exactly what happened. Your juices mixed with his cum was amazing!! But you flinched when I did it and only let me lick you for a second or two before you sat up on your knees, I got REALLY worried and those questions all came back into my head in the three heartbeats it took for you to tell me to lay down. As you moved over and straddled my face, grinding your cum filled pussy back and forth over my tongue, nose, and chin...I realized you were totally into it..."

I moved over closer to Wayne and kissed him, saying "I love you; you should never be worried I'll think less of you for anything we do sexually, either with each other or with anyone else. We agreed that it's just sex and nothing to be ashamed of, we should just enjoy it if it feels good."

Wayne was nodding his head and said "But then with Darryl, that went to a whole other level. Me eating your cum filled pussy was for both our pleasure, even when I started licking your clit or ass while you were being fucked, it was all about your pleasure. Sure, there was incidental contact with the guy, how could there not be with you sitting on my face and him fucking you...I've had balls dragging across my forehead and nose for years! This was the first time a guy's cock was intentionally put in my mouth. So, I had those same questions come back into my head, does this make me bisexual? Is she going to freak out? Is she turned off by it? Should I freak out to show her that I'm not really into it...even though I am?"

Wayne saw my eyes go wide with his last statement. He was into it!! I quickly said "Honey, stop worrying about what I will think and stop worrying about putting labels on our sexual activities! I didn't like anal the first time but then you showed me how it could be pleasurable and now I love it. I thought it was weird when you first put your tongue in my ass and that freaked me out, but it felt good and now I love it! I never thought in a million years I would ever enjoy sex with women, but now, I like it! I REALLY never thought as a married couple we would openly invite others into our bed for sexual pleasure and now I love it!! If you think for one minute, I'm that hypocritical or closed minded to do all that and NOT be ok with you enjoying that experience with Darryl, you couldn't be more wrong!!"

Wayne smiled and nodded his head again "I figured that out when you asked about us both blowing him that night. I don't know that I can help but think about what that night meant for me personally. You can say all these things but inside it's like a giant, neon, blinking 'NO'. Guys who do this or want to do this are gay. But I'm not gay, I could never have emotional feelings for a guy like I do for you. So, then it's still blinking saying 'No' and my brain tries to rationalize it as bisexual...but I've never had 'sex' with a guy and I'm not sure I ever would. But then my logic kicks in and says 'You have eaten and swallowed the cum of at least 10 men from your wife's pussy, your tongue, nose and lips have touched at least 6 other men'...so in all reality, without actually being the cause of them cumming, I've essentially performed 6 blowjobs already and received. 4 facials!"

I couldn't help but laugh at Wayne and crawled into his lap, straddling him. I took his head between my hands and looked him in the eye "I know, and to think about it that way turns me on..."

I reached down between us, sliding my hand beneath the waistband of my tights and sliding two fingers over my clit, sliding between the folds and into my pussy, where I curled my fingers to cup my juices as I pulled my fingers back up and showed Wayne how sticky wet I was before putting my fingers in my mouth and sucking them clean. 

I moaned at the taste of my pussy on my fingers and said, "So now that you have applied some logic and can see how wet that thought makes me, what can I do to help?"

Wayne grabbed my ass and said, "If I'm going to do this, then I think you should text Darryl and see if he's in town."

I smiled and lowered myself so I could grind on his bulge saying, "He is, I was KIK'ing with him earlier today.", as I kissed him deeply.

I extricated myself from Wayne's wandering hands before we both got carried away. I told Wayne I needed to run to the grocery store, and I would be back in an hour or two. I could barely contain my excitement as I got in the car!! Wayne's all worried about what I'll think, and I've been trying to figure out a way to tell him that I want to suck Darryl's cock with him!! How perfect is that?!?! 

On the way to the grocery store I was thinking about the best way to make Wayne feel less intimidated about his admission. I can see how hard it would be for a guy, when you think about it in the context of our society today. The stigma of girl on girl sex all but vanished when pornography hit the mainstream in the 70's. It was every guys fantasy to see two women together or to have two women at the same time, almost a sign of masculinity for a man to be able to claim a threesome with two women. But it's always been a severe taboo for a man to even think about sex with another man. Most women don't even know how to deal with the thought of 'their man' wanting sex with men and are somehow threatened by it, so I know how difficult it must be for Wayne to even contemplate or admit that he enjoyed Darryl's actions a couple weeks ago...and then it hit me...an idea so perfect and insane...could it work??

I called Darryl, he picked up and said, "I hope we haven't been reduced to phone sex?"

I laughed, "Of course not, just figured I would call so you didn't think I abandoned our KIK conversation from earlier. How far do you live from the Harris Teeter on 6th and Broad?".

Darryl responded, "About 30 minutes, why?"

I hesitated for a moment and then jumped in, "Do you think you can meet me here in the next hour?"

"Sure, what do you have in mind?"

I couldn't help but get all tingly, "As long as you can get here in the next hour, I think you'll be happy... see ya soon!", and I ended the call. 

I hadn't seen him since that night a couple of weeks ago but the idea that began forming in my head when I left the house was just too fantastic and I had to give it a shot. 

I waited there in the parking lot for Darryl to arrive. I thought about the best way to approach him with my idea and the best I could come up with was to simply tell him what I wanted and see how he reacted. After a short wait I got a text from him that said he was at the store. I told him I was in my car and where to find me. A few minutes later my passenger door opened, and he got in. I leaned over to give him a hug and said, "Hey sexy, long time no see!" as I kissed him briefly and sat back in my seat.

Darryl kissed me back and said, "Too long, did you bring me to the grocery store for a quickie?"

I laughed and said "Not really, but I do have an idea and it's kind of a spur of the moment thing. Wayne was a little freaked out because he enjoyed our first encounter with you, the whole 'putting your cock between us' portion...he told me today that he thought I would be put off because he liked it."

Darryl nodded and said "Yeah it's not a 'normal' activity for a married man so I can see where he is coming from. Believe it or not, he's right, women have a hard time comprehending bi guys. My ex and I were much like you two, we could separate the physical from the emotional, but she couldn't handle me being bisexual. She was turned on by it, enjoyed watching and participating but ultimately felt insecure, like she couldn't satisfy me anymore by herself. It was SO far from the truth. While I'm bisexual, I still prefer women as sexual partners, but I can also get pleasure from having a male sexual partner and both at the same time is even better!"

I smiled at him, nodding my head "It's funny how guys don't think women could have the same issue. When we first started swinging, I was fine with kissing another girl, but drew the line at going down on her. It took me sucking Wayne's cock after he fucked another woman to realize it turned me on to taste her on him. So, I picked one of our swinger friends who had been bi since she was 13 and asked her about it. She explained to me that sometimes you just need exposure to really understand it. Pleasing a guy comes naturally to most women, open your legs, moan, grunt, put on a show and he'll get off, women are harder which is intimidating, you just have to go for it and enjoy the challenge."

Darryl said "Exactly! So how do you feel about Wayne liking it?"

I smiled and clapped my hands like a giddy schoolgirl, "I'm thrilled!! I have always fantasized about a fully bi foursome and where there are no major hang-ups or rules about who does what to who, where you can and can't touch, kiss, lick, suck, or fondle. If my imagination is any indication, having two bi guys and me all trying to get each other off would be awesome!"

I reached over and slid my hand beneath the leg of Darryl's basketball shorts, finding his cock and squeezing. He looked at me and said, "So are we doing this here?"

I smiled and said, "Not quite...would you let Wayne and I suck your cock right now?"

I felt Darryl's cock swell at my words, he grabbed the seat belt and pulled it over his shoulder and said, "Let's go!"

I texted Wayne and told him I was headed home and that I picked up something for him at the store before I pulled out of the parking lot. When I got home, I pulled into the garage and told Darryl not to let his door slam. Wayne always comes to help me with the groceries so I was banking on that when I hopped out of the car and stripped off my shirt, sports bra and yoga pants as fast as I could, whispering to Darryl to do the same. He dropped his shorts and removed his shirt, his cock semi hard hanging several inches down his leg.

I took him by the hand and headed for the kitchen door opening it and sending Darryl in before me. I expected Wayne to be on his way to the garage, but he wasn't, he was sitting in the living room naked, waiting on me! I said, "What the fuck?"

He pointed to his phone and said, "I saw Darryl in the car when you pulled into the garage." 

I stomped my foot and said "Damnit! I forgot about the security camera!", as I sat down on the couch next to Wayne. "Are you surprised at least?"

Wayne smiled, dropping a hand between my legs and said "Yes! Just as much as you are!" 

Darryl stepped over in front of us and we both looked at his cock. He dropped down to his knees, reaching towards Wayne's cock. I took this as my que and stood up on the couch, straddling Wayne and pulling his face into my pussy as Darryl lowered his head and began sucking Wayne's cock.

Wayne stiffened and then relaxed as Darryl expertly worked his mouth up and down Wayne's shaft. I was trying desperately to look over my shoulder and watch while Wayne's mouth worked over my clit. He reached up with his hands and grabbed my hips, urging me to turn around which I gladly accommodated, reach back to pull his face into my ass as I watched Darryl's head slowly moving up and down. Wayne moaned with each stroke Darryl made as he was trying to force his tongue into my ass. 

Darryl stopped and stood up, wiping his mouth and putting his hands on my hips, pushing me down on Wayne. My sopping wet slit easily parted as Wayne's wet cock slid inside me. I leaned back into Wayne's chest and began rotating my hips on his cock. Darryl stepped up on the couch straddling both of us, he leaned forward putting both hands on the wall, thrusting his cock towards face. I eagerly took it between my lips and began sucking, I moved my head to one side and felt Wayne lean forward, opening his mouth and taking the head of Darryl's cock onto his tongue. I lowered my head to lick at Darryl's balls while watching Wayne close his eyes and begin sucking Darryl's cock. He reached up grasping the shaft and began to pump up and down as his mouth struggled to fit Darryl's big black cock. Wayne moaned loudly as Darryl began thrusting forward. I felt a warm spasm of cum erupt from Wayne's cock inside me. His cock kept pulsing shooting what felt like a gallon of cum inside me. I moved my head towards the tip of Darryl's cock, and Wayne pulled off to kiss me fervently. We put Darryl's cock between our mouths and began bathing it with our tongues. Darryl continued to thrust forward and back while our tongues danced over the head and shaft of his cock. I expected Wayne to soften and slide out of my pussy, but he didn't, so I kept a grinding into him. Wayne pulled his mouth off Darryl's cock and breathlessly said "Stand up and let me lick your pussy clean..."

I complied, putting my back to Darryl and leaned forward to put my cum filled pussy onto his extended tongue. I felt Darryl grasp both of my arms and pull me back against him as he swung his cock around my hips and thrust up between my legs. I looked down to see Wayne watching as Darryl pushed his cock inside me. I gasped at how easily I took him this time and felt my ass press up against his hips and he slowly pulled his cock back out of me, glistening with Wayne's cum as he pulled my hips backward, sliding my pussy over the top of his cock towards Wayne. I could feel Wayne's cum dripping out of my pussy and along the shaft of Darryl's cock. I looked down at Wayne, biting my lip as he looked up at me with his mouth wide, taking as much of Darryl's cock into his mouth as possible before closing his lips around it and sucking it clean. Wayne stared up at me as he worked his mouth over the head of Darryl's cock. He pulled his mouth off the tip and gave my pussy a lick, guiding it back inside me. Darryl thrust upward harder this time has my warmth enveloped him. I gasped again as he filled me with his massive cock. He slid in and out a few times before pulling all the way out and pushing towards Wayne's open mouth. Wayne eagerly took the head of his cock in his mouth and began bobbing forward and back, stopping every few strokes to lick my pussy a few times before going back to Darryl's cock.

I turned my head up towards Darryl and he kissed me from behind. He whispered in my ear "I'm close..." I looked down at Wayne and pushed back against Darryl with my ass which made him step down off the couch. I sat down next to Wayne on the edge of the couch and pulled him forward, so we were side by side facing Darryl's cock. I kissed Wayne and reached out to pull Darryl towards us. We separated and both began working on Darryl's cock with our mouths. After a few minutes, Darryl stepped back and began stroking his cock. I put my check against Wayne's and opened my mouth, Wayne did the same and then Darryl slid his cock into Wayne's open mouth, then mine. Back and forth between us while he stroked his cock a few more times and with a grunt cum exploded from the tip of his cock into my mouth and then into Wayne's, painting our mouths and faces with his warm load. I began kissing Wayne desperately, our tongues slick with Darryl's cum, licking each other's faces and then coming back together to share his salty load. Darryl stepped forward again and we both began working his cock over, our faces coming together at the tip to share a salty kiss as Wayne grasped Darryl's cock and milked every drop of cum from it. 

Darryl began to soften but Wayne was still hard, so I dropped my head into his lap and began sucking his cock. Wayne sat back and guided my head up and down. I felt Darryl move behind me and gasped as he began to slap his soft, but still quite heavy, cock on my asshole. I felt Darryl's tongue part my pussy lips and slide inside me swirling around while I bobbed up and down on Wayne. I have sucked two guys off at the same time in the past while on my knees but have always wanted to do it while both cocks were pressed together. I pulled my head up and kissed Wayne again and told him to law down at the end of the couch. I looked back over my shoulder to see Darryl's eyes over my ass with his tongue inside me and told him to come over and lay down too. He started to lay down next to Wayne and I said, "I want to suck you both at the same time, lay down and scoot together, ball sack to ball sack."

They laughed and moved around so they were how I wanted them. I reached down and used both my hands to hold their cocks together the underside of each pressing against the other. I'm not sure I could have done it if Darryl had been fully hard as he is about 3 inches longer than Wayne. I stroked both up them together, up and down and lowered my mouth over Wayne's cock and then Darryl's as I stroked. I would give Darryl and quick up and down and then give Wayne 4 or 5 deep throats, then back to Darryl. I released their cocks, Darryl's falling against his rock-hard abs with a wet smack and Wayne's standing up begging for more attention. With both their legs spread, their balls were overlapping, I could see Darryl's dark brown hairless sack nestled up against Wayne's and I lowered my mouth and began licking both of their sacks, grasping each cock and stroking as I bathed their balls with my tongue. The warmth and softness of their balls pressed against my cheeks as my tongue swirled around over and between them was intoxicating. I slid my hands own to the base of their shafts, pulling up each of their sacks. Wayne's most sensitive area is the spot where his balls meet his taint and I figured Darryl was the same. I switched between each of them, both moaning and bucking with each lap of my tongue.
