 I don't know why I bet on things I know nothing about.

I hate football but a few years ago I lost a bet with my husband on the Super Bowl. I thought that Denver would destroy Seattle while my husband, a Raiders fan didn't really care one way or another.

"As a Raiders fan I hate both teams equally," my hubby Ed explained.

Well stupid me picked Denver and Ed picked Seattle.

The loser of the bet would have to do whatever the winner of the bet decided. I had a few ideas for Ed but he wouldn't divulge what his plans were for me.

We were sitting in the family room watching the game and quite frankly by halftime I knew I was in deep trouble.

"I'm gonna have fun with you," Ed explained as the game got quite out of hand.

"What do you have in mind?" I asked.

"In due time, in due time," he replied.

The next couple of months went by and nothing was ever said of the bet...until Ed came home from work one day with the newspaper in his hands.

"Guess what?" he exclaimed. "I know what your punishment is."

"What?" I replied.

"There's a sci-fi convention in town next month and you're going to go and put on a show."

"What kind of show?"

"Well lets just say the nerds are going to get a good show." 

"What am I dressing up as?"

"Well I'll give you a few choices. You can go as a slutty Sailor Moon, She-Hulk or someone from Avatar."

"Oh shit! How would the costumes look?" I asked.

"Well Sailor Moon wears very short skirts, She-Hulk is green and Avatar is blue. I'm thinking if you pick Avatar you wear only a thong and pasties on your nips with blue body paint. She-Hulk could be the same as Avatar only with green body paint."

"So another words I'd be pretty much naked no matter what I wear?"

"Yep, pretty much."

"Let me think about it for a day or so."

"You don't have a lot of time. The convention is in 3 weeks."

I looked up all of the characters online and didn't like the idea of body paint. I finally decided on slutty Sailor Moon with her short skirt and sailor shirt.

When Ed came home from work I had the costume that I was going to order online on my computer monitor. 

"Well Ed what do you think?"

"Slutty Sue as slutty Sailor Moon. That seems very appropriate."

I placed my order and the suit arrived a couple of days later. I tried it on and couldn't decide on what bra or panties would work with the outfit.

"Ed what do you think?" I asked as I walked into the kitchen in my outfit.

"Bend over!" he commanded.

I did and he walked over and slapped my bare ass.

"I like it! Undo the top two buttons," he commanded.

I obliged and he stood there and ogled me. 

He unzipped his jeans and dropped his briefs and commanded me to "suck my cock bitch!"

I dropped to my knees and took his hard 8 inches in my mouth. He held my head tightly and fucked my mouth until he tensed up and shot long warm jets of his cum in my mouth.

"Good job slut! I'll allow you to wear a thong but no bra."

"Okay," I replied as I wiped his dripping cum off of my chin.

The day for the convention arrived and Ed dressed as a Klingon warrior and I was in my slutty Sailor Moon costume.

We walked into the exhibition hall and I could feel the eyes of hundreds of men staring as I walked past. My breasts were bouncing as I walked past and I heard comments like "Wow and holy shit."

"You go into the main hall and I'll watch from a distance," Ed explained.

I walked into the hall and several college age guys came up to me and asked if they could get their pictures taken with me.

"Sure," I replied.

I had one on each side and the guy on my left who was dressed like a Storm Trooper groped my bare ass.

I let it go and as his buddy took the photo I grabbed his crotch.

"Holy fuck!" he screamed and his buddies all started laughing.

"You copped a feel so why can't I," I stated.

We laughed and he apologized.

"No problem. Why don't we go somewhere private and you can explore me more," I whispered in his ear.

He just looked completely surprised by my forward request.

"We have a room upstairs in the hotel if you want," he replied.

"Okay. How many are in your group?"

"Just the 4 of us," he replied.

"That works for me," I stated. "Come on boys lets go to your room and have some real fun."

I wish I took a picture whenever I said it because the looks on their faces was priceless. Complete and total shock was the best way to describe it.

"Come on!" I implored. "I'm horny and need to be satisfied."

The 5 of us left the main hall and we made our way to the elevator. We got on and as the door shut I pulled my top up exposing my 34Bs to the guys.

"You guys like them?" I asked.

"Oh yeah," the Storm Trooper replied.

Soon there were 8 hands exploring my body. They were pinching my nipples and one of them tried to pull my panties off.

"Not yet boys. Wait until we get to your room then you can do whatever you want to me."

I heard the bell ring signifying that we reached our floor so I pulled my top back down and we got off and went to their room.

"By the way I'm Sue," I replied.

"I'm Josh," stated the Storm Trooper. 

"Hi I'm Kent," exclaimed Luke Skywalker.

"I'm Bryant," who was dressed like Captain Kirk.

"Hi I'm Jim," stated Mr Spock.

Josh opened the door to the room and as soon as we walked in someone pulled my skirt off. I quickly took my top off and i was standing in 4 strangers room wearing only a blue thong.

Kent quickly ripped my thong off and he buried his hand in my wet pussy. Josh started kissing my right tit while Bryant went for my left one. Jim kissed me on the lips and I was enjoying all of the attention.

"Lets move to the bed," I exclaimed.

We got on the bed and I got on my back as the 4 guys undressed. Their cocks were all different sizes. Josh had the biggest with a 8+ inch cock. Kent's cock was shorter but really thick and Bryant and Jim were each only about 5 inches in length.

Jim got between my legs and kissed his way up to my wet waiting pussy. Josh got on my left and Kent on my right and I alternated between them sucking each of their cocks as Bryant sucked on my tits.

As Jim licked my clit I was getting closer and closer to a massive orgasm. 

"Oh yessss!" I screamed. "Fuckkkkkk!" I cried out as I came.

Just then Kent's cock exploded and he shot his warm load all over the side of my face and neck.

"Oh shit! Sorry," he sheepishly stated.

"No problem," I replied as I ran my fingers over my face and neck and licked his cream off my fingers. "Who fucks me first?"

"Me!" decreed Josh.

He spread my legs and spit on his hand and rubbed it on his cock. Then he slowly entered my box finally burying his 8+ inches inside of me.

As he slowly fucked me Jim got on top of me and guided his cock into my mouth.

I saw some type of flashing then quickly realized that one of the others was taking pictures of their sexual encounter.

"Get ready I'm gonna cum!" Jim yelled as he shot his load down my throat. I clamped my lips around his cock sucking as much of his cum out of his cock.

No sooner did he get off then Josh pulled out and got on his back and he lowered me onto his cock.

"Hey Bryant, get the KY and fuck her in the ass."

Less than a minute later Bryant spread my ass cheeks apart and he slowly penetrated my tight asshole. 

"Oh fuck!" I screamed as I had a cock in my cunt and one in my ass.

Jim and Kent took my hands and I stroked their semi-erect cocks as their two friends fucked me.

"Mmmmmmmm!" I screamed as I climaxed again my vaginal muscles tightening around Josh's cock.

"Shittt!" he screamed and he erupted filling my cunt with his jizz. 

Just then Bryant pulled out and shot his load halfway up my back. I collapsed on my back covering the bed with warn sticky cum. 

"Sloppy seconds!" Kent screamed and he quickly placed his smaller cock inside of me.

He fucked me so fast that I thought he was going to bruise me. Even though his cock was smaller than the others he knew how to fuck. He rubbed my clit as we fucked and pretty soon I felt yet another massive climax building.

"Oh yes! Yes, yes, yes!" I screamed as I came again.

Kent gave it one last thrust then he came deep inside of me mixing his cum with his buddy Josh's man juice.

"I wanna titty fuck you!" Jim stated.

He got on his back and I got on my knees and wrapped my tits around his erect member. As I stroked his cock with my tits I felt someone's tongue licking my cum filled cunt. 

"I'll clean you out," Josh stated and he proceeded to lick my swollen pussy and lick the cum out of my cunt.

"I'm ready!" Jim shouted as he came between my tits his cum hitting the bottom of my chin and dripping onto his stomach.

We all collapsed on the bed and rested for several minutes.

I got up and started looking for my clothing.

"Thanks boys. That was lots of fun,: I stated as I put on my skirt and top. "Does anyone have some underwear that I can borrow? My thong is ripped and won't cover anything."

"Sure," Josh said and he pulled a pair of gym shorts out of his suitcase. "I'd like them back someday. If you ever get over to WSU I'm in Donaldson Dorm room 422. We could have another party with all of the guys on my floor."

"I just might take you up on that," I replied as I kissed each of them leaving them spent and exhausted in their hotel room.

I made my way to the hotel lobby and walked into the exhibition hall and saw my husband sitting on a bench.

"Looks like you had some fun. Where's your thong?"

"Lets just say some college guys kinda destroyed it. They also filled every hole with their juices."

We left the convention and on the way home I gave Ed a blowjob and we fucked in the garage as soon as we got home.

As for the invitation that story is for another day.