 Living in a small town certainly has some great advantages ... and also a few disadvantages. One of those disadvantages is gossip control, or, the lack there of. Having a really tight bond within your circle of close friends is about the only way gossip can be controlled ... well, to some degree, anyway.

Our little town, Websterville, had four girls, all seniors at the P. T. (actually Percival Taylor) Webster High School who were absolutely inseparable. They were always together, whether in class, at a football game, (where they were all cheerleaders), in the Sunday night youth group at the Three Corners Congregational Church or at a weekend slumber party. And, had there been a mall in Websterville back in the late fifties, that would have simply been another place for them to be together. Not only were they inseparable, they even had August Birthdays withing a three week period.

The four girls were: 

Selma, but everyone called her Sally; 
Sharon, who preferred to be called Sheri; 
Cynthia who became Cindy: 
And finally there was Elizabeth, who was simply called Liz.

They were called the Fearsome Foursome by their Dads, but they were most often referred to by the young bucks of Boone County as that "Fabulous Foursome." That implied, and correctly so, that they were, indeed, four of the most attractive young women in Websterville.

First, there was Sally, a 5-6 brunette with a great smile who sported a very nice 120 pound, well constructed figure. She had an infectious and distinctive shrill laugh that was capable of rattling windows three houses away. Everyone recognized that laughter as quickly as they took notice of her incredible figure.

Shari was a short 5-1, very athletic, a pony-tailed blond with great legs, well endowed, captain of the school's Cheerleading Squad and a favorite of everyone in town. Some said more men came to the football and basketball games to watch Shari "bounce" than they did the game itself. An excellent student, she came from the wealthiest family in town. Her Father was the President of the Websterville State Bank and her Mother was President of the Ladies' Guild Guild.

Cindy, on the other hand, was the quiet one, 5-6, 120 pounds, well developed, something she always managed to hide by wearing loose fitting clothes that seemed to hide that prominent asset. She never used much make up, just a touch of lipstick, and was definitely the follower in the group. Though really quite attractive in her own right, she nevertheless felt inferior to the other three. Part of that reasoning may have come from the fact that she was from a broken family, her father had run of when she was seven years old. She lived with her mother and two brothers on a very limited income in a less desirable part of town and, perhaps, because her Mother was divorced and one of only a handful of Mothers who had trudged off to work every morning. She was the secretary to the Editor of the Websterville Eagle-Democrat, the town's daily newspaper.

And, then there was Liz! She was the acknowledged leader-of-the-pack, cute as a button, effervescing and always cheerful and the one with "the mouth!" It was always she who handled the verbiage if there was a problem or confrontation, and that was especially true if some guy got a little too big for his britches with one of the girls in her group. Despite her size, no one was ever willing to tangle head-to-head with Liz, a petite 5-3, with a robust 137 pounds packed very nicely into compact little figure that she managed to display with maximum effectiveness, yet without appearing to come off as trashy. 

So, that was the group! They were all excellent students who were active in literally every organization of school life and rarely missed church on Sunday mornings. Cindy and Shari even sang in their church choirs, and, while they were so similar on the surface, underneath they could also be quite different. 

In the early learning years, they had pretty much depended on each other for answers to the probing questions that often surfaced about inner the workings of the male specie. Cindy, who worked in the town's public library, became the group's "resident researcher" and the primary source all sorts of accurate information to those classified questions they had about sex. And questions definitely did come up during their mid-summer slumber parties at Sally's family cottage. Questions about the male penis were at the very top of the list and rose-up (if you'll pardon the expression!") whenever the girls slumbered, which kept the shy Cindy spending every spare minute she had available, chasing down answers. But there were other topics, too, like ... caused it to get hard in the first place and what was this disgusting thing about kissing a guy only to have him stick his tongue into your mouth? While the topics and even some of the answers Cindy found sometimes elicited unpleasant sounds from the girls like, "Eeuuhh!" or "Oh! Gaaa-ross!" their accumulation of invaluable sexual trivia had moved them far ahead of most of the girls their age in 1958.

As time went on, they all developed a healthy interest in boys and had steady boyfriends. When one had a date, it was not uncommon to have one of the others often participated in a double date when going to places like school sporting events, the drive-in movies, the beach, as well as regular stops at one of the car-hop burger joints in town or at Cardelli's Ice Cream Heaven. It WAS the late 50's and that's what life was like in small towns all across America.

By their junior year, most of them had steady boyfriends who had cars and the local gravel pit two miles east of town became the summer of hang out for the older kids. Though they had been warned about the dangers of that area, especially swimming in "The Pit," it became part of the summer ritual and many a night, all four of the girls were there. One summer night prior to their senior year, one of the boyfriends had daringly suggested they all go skinny dipping and the girls totally freaked out. That was NOT part of their regimen and the subject was hastily dropped! They were, after all, very respectable girls.

It was just before school doors opened in the fall of their senior year, 1958-9, that the focus of this story first appeared on the Websterville radar screen. Most of the really cool high school guys were off to football camp in mid-August, including three of the boyfriends. Cindy's boyfriend, Alex, however, had graduated the two years before and was working at the Allen's Super Texaco filling station, pumping gas, cleaning windshields and checking oil for old Mr. Allen, who was the owner and chief mechanic. 

A thing about Alex. He was well beyond his nineteenth birthday, not particularly good looking, but there had been growing rumors circulating around town concerning him. Even those women well into middle age tittered as those rumors spread. It was said privately, in hushed tones, of course, that he was endowed! Extremely well endowed, some claimed! "Absolutely HUGE" or so other rumors indicated! But, remember, this was 1958 so those rumors were only passed along in hushed whispers.

Defying any reasoning, the shy and always blushing Cindy had somehow become his steady, a fact for which no one had a logical explanation. There were some boys, however, at least those with a more discerning eye, began to notice for the first time that timid little Cindy DID have a very nice "rack" hidden under all those layers of clothing. It was said within "the foursome" that she had accidentally discovered that rumored fact about Alex one night while on their third date, parked at "The Pit." During some very hot necking, she had felt a strange, firm and unknown object rubbing into her thigh. She was initially unaware what it was or why Alex seemed content to rub it against her thigh. Equally confusing to her was the repetitive, rhythmic movement of Alex's flexing his abdomen as he rubbed IT against her thigh. She was shocked later that night, yet at the same time strangely fascinated, when he subtly moved her hand to near his crotch to touch that which had been rubbing into her. Cindy, a hopeless romantic, was already helplessly in love with Alex after only two dates, drawn to him because of his mature manner and his manly aura, so much so that she was known to swoon out loud when thinking about him while caught in her own private thoughts. And so on this night, when her hand made some "accidental contact" with his very erect penis, sheathed beneath the fabric of his trousers, it was a total reversal when it was she who heard him sigh. Given the moment and her excitement, she knew there was no way he was going to be denied! 

After some maneuvering, Alex managed to finally expose IT to the fresh air and, standing perfectly upright, he was able to wrapped her entire hand around it, ... well, considering its size, as much as her small hand could. Her instruction continued when he showed, by example, how to skinny her hand up and down as she grasped it. His mutterings of, "Oh, my gawd, Cindy, you'll never know how good that feels," really excited her, knowing that he was pleased with what she was doing for him. It also gave her great pleasure to be able to do this for him. Her own passion escalated as she continued to fondle his erection, but it really skyrocketed when he began to intimately touch her body. When his hands finally reached her breasts, her excitement spun out of control! That level of excitement was soon relegated to second place a minute later when his hand crept through an opened button on the front of her blouse and touched the bare skin above her bra! After an audible gasp, she could actually hear her own heart heart pounding in her ears. Not wanting to struggle with hooks and spoil the magic of the moment, Alex managed to pull her bra far enough from her body to simply lift it up and over her boobs, leaving them completely our of their harness. Using the back of his hand, he drew his knuckles over her nipples which were now exposed and fully erect. Those 36-C's trembled as his hand began to cup and caress her right breast, massaging the nipple between his thumb and forefinger. The sensation almost made her faint as she felt tremors ripple throughout her body.

Having been the source of all the meaningful sexual information that was passed along to the girls over the years, Cindy had a pretty good idea of what she was experiencing for the first time, yet there was a touch of fear that crept into her thinking when she realized she had no control of what Alex was doing to her. Despite those thoughts, she had no intention of stopping him. It was far too exciting, and besides, any rational thinking she might have had had already been overpowered by the explosion of her inexperienced hormones. At best, her passion ravaged brain was allowing her to rationalize that she was old enough to experience all of this and that physically her body told her she was certainly more than ready. Compounding her mental exercises, Alex had begun to move his hand downward. Her breathing became very ragged and Alex knew he was in the catbird seat. Cindy was helplessly waiting for whatever he wanted to do next. She was aware of the moisture trickling down the cleavage of her buttocks but even more aware of the tingling she felt in her clitoris. The thrills she had brought upon herself while privately masturbating paled and faded comparison to what was happening to her now. Shy though she was, she knew tonight she was the one plowing new ground and felt a certain smugness that it was she who was about to be the first girl in the group to experience real sex!

When Alex ran his hand up under her skirt, she held her breath until it reached her panties. His fingers clumsily slid under the elastic and stretched it out far enough to allow most of his hand to slip beneath the elastic band. It was at this point that Cindy thought she was sure to pass out. A few moments later she actually did for a few seconds when a finger lightly grazed the opening and then returned to touched her womanhood, stroking lazily up, then down and across her aroused clit. When she regained her thinking, she buried her hands in his curly hair at the back of his head and brought his face to hers. With strength that surprised him, their mouths crushed together and she promptly thrust her tongue forcefully into his mouth. That moment of passion was apparently too much and pushed both of them over the edge. She felt his body go rigid as a moan escaped him and she once again drifted into semi-consciousness as wave after wave of her "first real orgasm" radiated outward through the rest of her body. 

Cindy lifted her head a few minutes later, realizing her neck was stiff from the awkward angle she had been in, wedged into against the passenger door arm rest. She looked through unfocused eyes at Alex as he stared at the steamed windshield of his 1953 robin egg blue and cream Chevy Bellaire coupe. Alex had hoped the night would end with a taste of fulfilled sexual intercourse, but the large wet spot on the front of his tan slacks was mute testimony that his now limp cock would probably not be performing again that evening. Cindy was equally sure that she was done for the night and found it strangely difficult muster any enthusiasm or passion when a brief good night kiss came on her front porch, forty-five minutes later. 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Well, as the rest of that senior year unfolded for the other three, each one confessed soon after all the details how they had lost their virginity. After the third confession, Cindy finally broke down and admitted to the others that she had actually lost hers considerably before any of them. Sally's eyes opened wide in amazement when she blurted out, "YOU? You have done it with Alex? I can't believe it! Or are you just saying that, trying to keep up with the rest of us? Lying could get you thrown out of the club, Cindy!" With that, Sally rolled over and was unable to restrain the familiar "Sally-laugh" and quickly everyone but Cindy was laughing.

Cindy's face redden, showing she was really annoyed. She had definitely been the first but had been far too shy to admit it and now she was being ridiculed because she had confessed. Gathering her resolve, Cindy proudly exclaimed that Alex was more a man than any of their boyfriends, which immediately curtained the laughter. 

"Whadda you mean, Cindy? What makes you think he's a better man than any of ours?" Shari demanded. 

Liz was quick to respond, too, "You've never been with any of our boyfriends – how can you substantiate sucha boast. If you are going to make that kind of a statement to your best friends, you'd better be able to back it up, sister!" Liz was serious and she seemed a bit angry. All eyes were looking at Cindy and she felt her face flush with further embarrassment.

"Well," Cindy began, wanting to set the record straight, "Well, well, ... well, I don't know exactly how to explain it to you, but, but he really is. Well, that is ... unless one of you is dating someone truly abnormal, he's gotta be bigger than any of your guys" The statement hung in the air like a like the lingering, stale oder of cooked cabbaged. Looks were exchanged and then all eyes were again on Cindy.

"So? said Shari "you better have some proof of what you're saying, Cindy! We don't like you putting down our boyfriends! They won't like it either!" 

Finally, wringing her hands, Cindy tried one more time, "Well, I don't mean to put anyone down. But, do you remember when you used to have questions when we were younger, and it was me who looked up the answers in the library? Well, I got pretty familiar about a lot of sex stuff and I learned that the average man's penis is somewhere between three to four or inches or so when soft and five to maybe seven inches when hard." She had regained the rapt attention of all three girls. "When Alex and I first played a little at the gravel pit last fall, I found out that he was really abnormal. I mean he was HUGE!" 

Quickly wanting more details, Liz asked, "So just how huge, Cindy? My Derrick must be all of seven plus inches, maybe even more. So, how big IS Alex?"

Sally chimed in, "Yes, and my Bob must be at least as big as Derrick when he's got it up, probably even bigger."

"Well, I didn't have a yard stick with me, but he has to be at least eleven or twelve inches long when he's really hard and ..." that's when Cindy's sentence seemed to run out of steam and she paused. The mouths of all three girlfriends had dropped open but not a murmur came from of anyone. 

Finally, it was Liz who finally broke the silence. "Let me get this straight. Cindy, are saying that Alex has a twelve inch pecker? Do you really expect us to believe that? That is truly abnormal! It's impossible!" 

"Well, I'm sorry, but that is the truth and I wouldn't ever make up something like that. You all know me too well to think I would ever lie to you."

Shari, who hadn't said anything, was shaking her head in disbelief. "Cin, you are going to have to prove it too us if you ever expect us to believe that cock-a-mamy story."

"But, how can I prove something like that?"

"You could get a picture of IT," suggested Sally with a snicker and then, laughing as she tried to say, "You could tell him you wanted to enter him in a 'Big Man Contest.'" Sally then doubled up and lost it as her shrill laughter erupted.

"Be serious, there is no way I can ask him to let me take a picture of IT to prove to you what he's got," Cindy responded. They finally agreed there seemed to be no way Cindy could easily prove how big IT was and the subject was finally dropped. It was time for everyone to head for home but Cindy definitely carried a feeling of rejection as she left them. She wondered if her candidness would now backfire and cause her to lose these cherished friendships. 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

The next time Cindy was with Alex he sensed something was wrong. They were sitting on her front porch swing and when he attempted to caress her back, she seemed to shy away from him. It was only after an argument pursued and she began to cry that she eventually spilled the whole story. Alex wasn't sure what he had uncovered. Worse yet, when he finally sorted it all out, he was totally without an answer for Cindy. Deep in uncomfortable thought and silent, he squirmed as he pushed the swing higher.

"I'm so sorry, Alex. I know you must hate me for this, but, but, but, I am so proud of you and you ARE sch a man!. You have made me the happiest girl in all of Websterville, but how can we solve this fix I've put us in?" Alex was thinking and Cindy could almost feel the wheels turning in there. "If they were to see IT, would that satisfy them?" Alex asked. 

Well, little did he know, but Liz was about to hatch her own little devious plan to "see IT!" It was one of those unusually warm Spring nights and they had all decided to meet at The Pit. The girls had all secretly agreed they would go skinny dipping when the time came and Cindy said she would have Alex in tow. It was appropriately dark when the time came for them to all stripped down and to dive into the still cold water. But despte all of Liz's planning, none of the girls wanted to be the one to make some sort of intentional-accidental physical contact with Alex to confirm Cindy's revelation. When they finally, one by one climbed out of the water, everyone was shivering and had tightly wrapped themselves in towels to keep warm. Cindy and Alex had their arms around each other in a big terry cloth bath sheet and were leaning comfortably against the front of Sally's Ford pick-up truck. As they all talked in the total darkness, Alex found himself already anticipating what he and Cindy would do as soon as the others left, and he was getting aroused. Cindy was inconspicuously stroking the front the towel and she could tell he was definitely getting hard. 
