 I love the holidays!

I can't say that enough. Every major holiday my wife Sue's sister Karen comes for a visit from Florida.

Thanksgiving was no exception.

I picked Karen up from the airport on Wednesday and she was all excited to tell me something.

"How was the flight?" I asked.

"Great! You'll never believe who was on my flight."

"Who?"

"Dave Welch."

"You mean the guy who used to live down the street from you guys?"

"Yep. The one and only."

"Well why are you so excited then?" I asked.

"Because seeing him reminded me of a story about Sue that I think I've never told you."

Karen proceeded to tell me about the summer she graduated from high school. Sue was home from freshman year in college and their mother was trying to convince Karen to be a 'good girl', just like her sister.

Karen you see had a rather sordid reputation. She was voted the girl most likely to go all the way on the first date by her classmates.

"What used to piss me off was the fact that I rarely slept with my dates. Sure I'd give them head and let them cum in my mouth, but I rarely fucked them," she insisted as she continued to tell the tale.

That summer she noticed that Sue was hanging out with her old boyfriend Scott and his buddies, Dave, Kurt, John and Bob. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary until the day Sue left the house wearing a skin tight tank top with no bra and very short shorts. Karen said her nipples were straining to poke through the fabric of her top.

 She decided to sneak out after her and follow her to see just exactly she was up to with the five horny 19 year old teenage boys.

She followed them to the woods just past the borough park right along the railroad tracks. The area was known as the best party spot in the neighborhood. In fact Karen used to go there with her boyfriend to get high then have sex.

Karen found a hiding place in some bushes and waited to see what was going to happen next.

She watched with amazement as Scott walked over to her big sister and pulled her tank top off exposing her pert perky 34Bs to the crowd. Then in an instant he pulled her shorts down to her ankles and her sister was butt naked in front of the horny group of guys.

"Nice tits and bush!" John exclaimed.

"Fuck yeah!" Kurt replied.

"Okay here's the rules. We get in a circle and Sue will take turns sucking each of our cocks. Whoever cums first gets to fuck her last. The one who controls himself the longest gets to fuck her first," Scott explained.

I watched as all five dropped their shorts and realized that I'd sucked everyone of their cocks in the past. I was really looking forward to seeing my sister become a complete slut.

Sue dropped to her knees and started with her old boyfriend Scott. As she sucked his cock the others pulled on and pinched her fully erect nipples. Bob got in back of her and inserted several fingers inside of her pussy.

"What the fuck?" Sue exclaimed as Bob finger fucked her. "Oh yes! That feels good!" she cooed as she stroked Scott's circumcised cock.

Sue dropped onto her elbows and screamed and moaned as he brought her to a massive climax.

"Oh baby! Fuck yes!" Sue screamed. "Forget your hand, I need a dick inside of me!" she screamed.

Bob quickly replaced his right hand with his throbbing cock. Scott took Sue by the cheeks and buried his cock inside her mouth.

Bob was pounding away from behind and Scott was fucking her mouth. Sue had a cock in each free hand and while she was stroking Kurt's cock he bit his bottom lip and exploded all over Sue's swaying tits. His cum covered the side of her right tit and dripped onto the ground.

"I'm gonna cum!" Bob screamed and he gave one last thrust as he erupted deep inside of my sister.

Scott lasted another 30 seconds or so until he pulled her head closer to his crotch and he came in her mouth.

"Sloppy seconds!" John yelled as he buried his cock inside her cum filled snatch.

"Get up" Dave commanded. "I'm gonna titty fuck you."

Sue got up and john got on the ground and she lowered herself on his hard cock and Dave got in front of her and put his cock between her tits. 

Dave commanded Sue to spit on her cleavage and she obliged. He compressed her tits around his cock and started thrusting away.

The only sounds you could hear was the slapping of skin from Sue and John fucking.

Dave's eyes were shut as he fucked my sisters 34Bs. Seeing all of this even made me horny. I slipped my hands down my shorts and found my swollen clit and fingered myself to a killer orgasm.

"Suck it Sue!" Kurt commanded and Sue turned her head and took his now erect cock in her mouth. I was watching in disbelief as my 'good' sister had one cock in her cunt, one in her mouth and another between her tits. 

"I'm ready!" Dave said as his warm sticky cum erupted from his cock covering my sisters neck and running back onto her tits.

"Oh shit!" John yelled and he pulled out and came on my sisters back. 

No sooner did he cum then Kurt pulled out and came all over Sue's face and hair.

"What an awesome slut!" Scott said as Sue was sitting on the ground covered on five guys cum. "Thanks for everything."

"Let's go to 7-11. I need a Slurpee," John stated as the guys got dressed leaving my naked sister cum covered in the woods.

I waited until they left then I came out of my hiding place and confronted her.

"I don't think mom would call you a good girl if she saw you now," I joked.

"Oh shit! You fucking could've given me a heart attack," Sue replied.

"What the fuck was that all about?"

"I promised Scott that I'd make out with his friends when I got back from school. I didn't expect to become a cum bucket though."

"I'll be right back. I'm gonna go home and get you a towel. You need to get all of that cum off you."

I got home and grabbed a towel and helped my sister clean up. Then we went home and never spoke of it again. 

"No one has ever heard about that day until now," Karen explained.

"I think I'll say good evening cum bucket when we get home," I stated.

"Don't you dare!" Karen replied. "I'll suck you off if you don't say anything."

Who was I to refuse a blowjob from the best cocksucker I've ever met. We pulled off the interstate and I pulled my pants down and Karen took off her top so I'd have access to her little 34A titties.

She sucked me off and I came in her mouth. Karen put her top back on but unzipped her skirt. I fingered her on the way home and as soon as we pulled into the garage at home I put her on the hood of the car and fucked her silly.

"It seems my little sister must've told my husband another one of my sex stories," Sue said as she watched us fuck in the garage. "Which one was it? The bus ride story or the New Years Eve story?"

"No," Karen explained between moans, "it was the time you serviced five neighborhood guys."

"Oh yeah I almost forgot that one," Sue replied as she stripped naked and joined us.

We had a wonderful Thanksgiving. I stuffed each of them many times with my meat and we actually ate our Thanksgiving dinner naked in the dining room. 

I can't wait for Christmas because I've never heard about New Years Eve or the bus ride story. I can't wait.