 Part 1

I laid in the bed looking at the ceiling trying to go to sleep but, I was playing what had happened tonight over and over in my head. My hand kept creeping between my legs and my finger slid across my cum covered pussy lips, slipping easily between them and right to my still hard and swollen clit. I had never been with a couple before.....

I heard the low buzz of the alarm clock, felt the shift in the bed and knew that he was getting up to go to work. I closed my eyes tightly, pretending to sleep.

I heard him moving around the room, heard him kiss her and whisper that he loved her. 

Then I felt him standing beside me, I felt the bed move under his weight as he sat on the edge. He leaned over and kissed my forehead causing my eyes to fly open, and as he leaned his chest grazed the arm attached to the hand that was steadily rubbing my clit. I felt his hand skim down my side, and my breath caught. His finger tips grazed my hip and then took a sensuous ride over my bald, smooth venus mound. He splayed his large hand over me, the ends of his fingers resting on my inner thighs, then curling them in I felt his fingers slip into my slit meeting the wetness there.

He slowly pressed his fingers into me. I heard his intake of breath when he felt how wet I was. Our hands tangled and collided as I slowly spread my legs further. I heard a low "oh my god" when he felt how soaked my hand was. 

Both of of us had our eyes locked on her. I never heard him remove his clothes but, my eyes rolled back in my head as his naked body slid across mine, skin to skin. It took all that I had not to moan loudly as he took his post between my eager legs. He held the bed still while sliding his hard and engorged tool into me. Though he had already fucked me, with his well endowed flesh, my tightness had returned and then some. He'd left me full of his cum and swollen from his, pornographic exertions. When he slid his cock into my ready cunt, it strained to stretch around the girth of him but, as my eagerness grew so did my wetness and I opened for him, taking all of him as he pushed deeper inside me than any man has ever been. He began a slow rhythm in and out of me, a painstaking slowness and quietness that mocked the urgency we both felt. Steady, small movements, not the pounding that I wanted so badly but, it was amazing. I felt my body begin to come alive and felt the pull of the head long course I was on. Somehow laying beside her, knowing that she had no idea was so amazingly hot that no matter how he fucked me I was going to cum, and cum hard.

Our breathing increased as we both began to feel the intense orgasm that we were building. I pushed my fist and a hand full of sheets into my mouth to keep from crying out. "Watch her", he whispered in my ear as he buried his face in my neck and shoulder. I could feel the heat of his ragged breath on my skin. That was it, that pushed me over the edge. Forcing my eyes to stay locked on her sleeping back, my pussy clenched and sucked his cock and then erupted a fresh new batch of my cum, shooting it onto his cock, balls and legs. My orgasm, my gushing wetness proved to be more than he could stand and his massive erection hardened more still as it pumped jet after jet of his thick cum deep into my cunt.

We parted slowly, he silently made contact with the floor, scooped up his clothes and then turned back to me with a devilish grin, "see you tonight, " he mouthed. A chill ran down my spine and my well satisfied pussy began to fantasize about the coming evening.

I barely heard the front door close or the crunch of his tires on the gravel as he left but, I purred and my eyes slowly closed and I found sleep.

Part 2

This was my second trip to see the two people who were rapidly becoming my favorite people in the world. I was so excited that when I pulled into the driveway I barely got my car door closed before my feet were on the stairs and then the threshold as I burst through the door. 

Lexi had stood in the kitchen with her back to me, now turning rapidly her long dark hair swung out and around her like a cloak. She was short, incredibly rounded in all of the right places, sassy and sexy in a way that made you want to undress her and eat her alive right there on the spot.

'Jess!" She squealed and threw her arms around me. "I'm so glad you're here!! I couldn't sleep a wink last night I thought I was going to have to kill Bobby!! I hope you're horny cause babe, you are getting it tonight!"

We flirted and touched each other provocatively while we cooked dinner and sipped wine. We were both waiting for Bobby. She made me cum and caused my pussy to purr and I, gave her frenzied orgasms that made her moan and swear but, Bobby was the main attraction. He was what we both really wanted, both sets of lips nearly panted. We talked about dressing up for him and stripping, about how much fun it would be to watch him try to decide which pussy he would take first. 

Lexi wanted it to be me, she said that she wanted to watch his face while he slid into my soaked tightness. She loved to watch, moving around our bodies as he took me, her face sometimes so close that I could feel the heat of her breath on my clit. I understood, I watched in awe while he stuffed Lexi full of his cock, his body completely dominating hers. It was so hot to see him in action. His muscles rippled with his movements, his skin glistened with our combined sweat and cum, and his face a mask of pure lust as he elicited scream after scream and drip after drip of her cum.

Bobby finally arrived, we fed him dinner and waited for it to be our turn to be devoured. Dinner finished Lexi cleared the table and we all made small talk. The sexual tension was so thick that you could taste it. We all needed private time to prepare for the festivities and we were anxious to get started. 

Lexi said she'd shower first and asked Bobby to join her. He declined and said that he needed to run into town for more wine, that we'd drank it all at dinner. She pouted but, agreed and asked me to join her. I dashed off to the bedroom to grab my toiletries. Lexi begged a moment, and I sat on the arm of the sofa waiting for her to call me in. I heard a soft creak and turned to see Bobby sneaking in.

"I thought you went to the store!" I said in a surprised whisper. He smiled and held up a bottle that he'd brought in from his car. "Sneak!" I laughed. The shower water came on and Lexi announced that she still wasn't ready, for me to let her wash her hair.

"I was hoping to sneak in and catch the two of you going at it in the shower, I was going to watch and jerk off." Bobby said in a hushed voice. "I'm so horny from thinking about it, I could cum very easily."

It was then that Lexi called out and said that she was ready. I cut my eyes slyly at Bobby opened the bathroom door and stood just inside. "I'm going to wait my turn actually," I said, "all that flirting and playing gave me goosebumps and I want to shave my legs again." Lexy pulled the curtain back and showed her sexy bottom lip poking out. "I can't believe that you both have rejected this naked wet body." She made her pout harder and pushed the curtain back in a huff.

"You haven't been rejected," I reassured her as Bobby came up behind me and cupping my breast with one hand and my ass with the other. "I wouldn't want to chafe that gorgeous face with my stubbly thighs. I can assure you that I can't wait to get my hands on you!" I laughed lightly. Bobby was pressing his hard cock into my ass while his hands were deftly unfastening my jeans. I looked over my shoulder at him, my eyes wide in askance.

"Well stay right there and talk to me. I'm gonna shave again too." She shouted over the roar of the water and bathroom fan.

I agreed and pulled the door so that both Bobby and I could see her in the shower. We held idle chit chat while Bobby slid my jeans down and slid his fingers into the soaked tightness that was my pussy.

I braced my arms in the door frame as he worked my pussy, I was going to cum. He felt me tighten around his fingers and withdrew them, I almost cried, I was so close and so ready. He pulled my pants from me, and kicked my legs apart so that I was spread eagle in the door frame, his hands expertly tilted my hips back and in the same motion drove his forward burying his rock hard cock into the willing folds of my, now dripping sex. Dripping it was indeed, I could feel it sliding down my legs from my inner thighs. His strokes were long and deep, he pushed into me causing my flesh to ache with a dulling pain and then withdrew almost his entire length. 

He motioned for me to keep talking but, keeping up with Lexi's line of thought was becoming increasingly difficult, I kept asking her to repeat herself saying that the fan was nearly drowning her out. Bobby became more aggressive, his movements faster and harder, with clear intentions of driving me over the edge at full force. The orgasm was so strong that I lost my footing, Bobby slid his still hard cock from it's frothy sheath and caught me. Picking me up and spinning me out of his way, he walked into the bathroom, wiping me from his protruding member with his shirt as he whipped it over his head. Gripping the door edge he pushed it closed winking at me. Moments later I heard the evidence of his cock hard at work, as Lexi exclaimed over and over that she was "cumming so fucking hard."

To Be Continued...