 I love the outdoors. Hiking, camping, fishing...you name it I love spending time outdoors. This all started whenever I was a kid. My dad was paralyzed from the chest down from an auto accident when I was a kid, but that didn't stop him from teaching me and my sister about nature and the outdoors.

One of my favorite past times is to go hiking. I've hiked the entire length of the Appalachian Trail and considered myself to be very adept with hiking and camping. After a crazy few weeks at work, I needed some "me time". I told my husband Ed that I wanted to take a few days and go out in the wild and hike and camp out for a few days.

"When do you want to go?" Ed asked.

"Next weekend. Leave after work on Friday or early Saturday morning," I replied.

"Can I come along?"

"Sure, if you really think that you can keep up, yes you can come."

Ed isn't as good of a hiker than me, but he is an excellent outdoors man. He is an excellent hunter and fisherman, but not as accomplished at hiking.

Friday evening Ed and I packed the SUV and we hit the road about 6:30. We had about an hours drive to get to the small town where we the trail went through. It was getting dark when we arrived at the trail.

"Do you want to hit the trail tonight, or should we get a room at a motel?" Ed asked.

"I think we'd be smart to get a hotel room because the first camping lean-to is about two miles from town, and it'll be pitch black by the time we get there."

We found a room at a Motel 6 just outside of town and got to bed early, since we were going to hit the trail before sunrise.

"Wake up sleepyhead" Ed said as he shook me.

I yawned and hit the shower as Ed loaded the car. He opened the room door just as I walked out of the bathroom, completely naked.

"Shut the fucking door!" I cried out. "I'm not putting on a show."

"What's your problem? Normally you like showing off your goodies."

"Well I'm not awake yet," I replied.

I dressed in a pair of jean shorts, and flannel shirt and my best hiking boots. I didn't put on a bra, instead I had a wife-beater t-shirt on underneath my flannel shirt.

"Ok now I'm ready," I stated and we got in the car and headed for the trail.

We hit the trail just as the sun was coming up and I knew that it was going to be a beautiful late spring morning.

"How many miles do you think we can do today?" Ed asked.

"I want to hit the next lean-to about 20 miles down the trail by dinnertime."

"That's doable," he replied.

We hiked for about an hour without seeing another person on the train when nature called.

"I need to pee," I stated.

"Well go find a spot behind a tree."

I went behind a tree and dropped my shorts and panties just as I heard Ed speaking with someone.

"No I'm hiking with my wife. She's in the woods taking care of something."

Great, I thought to myself. Another hiker and they know I'm relieving myself behind a tree.

I walked out from behind the trees and saw a young couple talking to my husband.

"Hi. I'm Glen and this is my wife Cindy."

"Hi. I'm Sue and I guess you've already met my husband Ed."

"Do you mind company?" Glen asked. "Ed didn't seem to think that you'd have a problem with us joining up with you guys."

"Sure no problem."

The four of us started hiking together and through small talk we found out that Glen and Cindy were both new college graduates and were hiking the trail before they would be starting their new jobs in a few weeks.

We had been hiking for several hours when we decided to stop and make lunch. Ed and Glen built a fire and we cooked soup and coffee for lunch. By this time the temperature had really risen, and it was going to be much warmer than I anticipated.

"Ed can I see you for a second," I stated.

"Sure babe. What's up?"

"I'm getting hot so I need to take off my flannel."

"So what's the problem?" he asked.

"Aren't you forgetting? I'm not wearing a bra and I only have a t-shirt on underneath my shirt."

"Sue, we're all adults here. I'm sure Glen has seen a woman with out a bra on before. Its no big deal."

I reluctantly took my flannel shirt off, and there was just enough of a cool breeze to make my nipples poke against the fabric of my shirt. Glen stared at my chest and I could feel myself blushing. 

Cindy sensing my embarrassment then unbuttoned her top and took her flannel shirt off, and much to my surprise she was only wearing a tank top with no bra. 

"Looks like we're letting the girls air out," Cindy joked as her nipples were also poking against her top.

"Let's clean up and hit the trail," Ed remarked and the four of us cleaned up our campfire and made certain that the fire was completely out.

I didn't give it a second thought, and I'm sure Cindy didn't either because we bent over and helped clean up and out titties were completely visible as we bent over. I noticed Glen checking me out, and Ed was checking out Cindy. Cindy's breasts were smaller than mine, but my nipples were longer.

I must say that having a stranger check out my chest kind of put a boost in my step. I was hoping to get to the lean too, set up camp then jump Ed's bones and fuck like rabbits.

We hiked for about an hour when we heard the first crack of thunder.

"Oh shit! Looks like a big storm is coming," Glen remarked as the sky grew dark. "We better put up a tent for shelter."

We hurried up and the rain hit soaking us to the skin. My nipples and areolas were completely visible, as were Cindy's. The boys weren't really interested at the time because they were busy setting up a tent to try and keep us somewhat dry, because according to the weather that Cindy checked on her phone, it was going to rain all night.

Thankfully the tent was big enough to sleep four people and the four of us got inside as the rain really started coming down.

"This sucks!" I complained. "They weren't calling for this yesterday."

"The forecast changed this morning," Cindy replied. "We were hoping to get to the next lean to but I guess this will have to due."

We watched the lightning thru the flaps of the tent and a chill went through me.

"I'm cold!"

"So am I," Cindy stated. "We all need to get these wet clothes off."

With that Cindy pulled her tank top off revealing two small perky pear shaped breasts. Her nipples were small, but hard, and her aerolas were about the size of a quarter. I took my top off and there we were, two topless women in front of their shocked husbands.

"My shorts are soaked" I said as I unzipped and took them and my panties off.

"Same here," Cindy replied and she stripped naked as well.

"Holy shit!" was all I heard from Glen.

I reached over and hugged Cindy and we freaked out our husbands by kissing and rubbing each others breasts. I pulled away and leaned over and kissed her erect left nipple and she gave out a little yelp. Her free right hand quickly found my wet pussy and I only wish that I had a video camera to see the looks on our husbands faces as we made out.

"I need a dick inside of me! Now" I screamed and Ed quickly dropped his drawers and buried his cock inside of me.

Glen also took off his shorts and he entered Cindy from behind. If anyone was still on the trail the only sounds they would have heard was the slapping of skin and our moaning.

Cindy and I continued to kiss as we were being fucked by our husbands, and Glen's hands were all over my tits. Ed was feeling Cindy's tits as well.

"Time to switch!" I cried out and Cindy and I got up and I lowered myself on Glen's swollen cock just as Cindy did the same to Ed's.

"Fuck me good!" Cindy cried out as Ed rammed her from behind.

"I want you to cum inside of me! Fill me with your cum!" I cried out as Glen pounded away. 

After a few minutes Ed let out a moan and he came deep inside of Cindy.

"I'm cumming!" Glen yelled as he filled me with his man juice.

We all collapsed on the floor of the tent then we opened up our sleeping bags.

"I'm with Ed, and you're with Sue," Cindy commanded.

With that I climbed into a sleeping bag with Glen while Cindy and Ed got into theirs. Glen and I were making out and he went down on me and sucked all of his cum out of my wet snatch. I tightly wrapped my legs around him as he ate me to a monster orgasm.

I looked over and saw Ed and Cindy outside of their sleeping bag in the 69 position. Cindy was sucking Ed's cock faster and faster as Ed ate her pussy. Then Glen got up and straddled me and I took his cock in my mouth as he fucked my mouth.

I heard Cindy moan as Ed brought her to climax just as Glen exploded in my mouth filling my throat with his warm salty cum.

"Cum on my tits!" Cindy cried out as Ed stood up and shot his load all over Cindy's 34A tits.

We again collapsed on the floor of the tent, and this time I got into the sleeping bag with Ed and Cindy with Glen. We slept for a few hours but were awakened to the sound of fucking. Glen had Cindy on her back, legs spread apart as he fucked her.

I got up, unzipped the sleeping bag and lowered myself on Ed's hard manhood. I rode him for a few minutes then got off on got on my fours. Ed entered me from behind and my tits were in Cindy's face as Ed and I fucked, and she started sucking on my nipples.

"Glen fuck me in the ass!" I cried out. "Ed fuck my cunt while Glen fucks my ass!"

I got off of Ed and guided his cock into my wet pussy as Cindy greased up Glen's cock then guided it into my waiting asshole.

"Oh fucccccckkkk!" I screamed as they achieved double penetration. 

I was convulsing with a massive orgasm in no time and Glen soon came, his cum seeping out of my ass. Ed continued to pound away and he finally came inside of my spent cunt.

We all fell asleep cuddling with each other outside of the sleeping bags.

At first light Cindy and I teamed up and sucked on our husbands cocks until they were hard and awake.

I climbed onto Glen and Ed took Cindy and we started our day the best way a day can start...a good morning fuck.

We got dressed and started back towards town, and after a few hours the truth finally came out. As we were nearing town I looked at Cindy and said "See you at work tomorrow."

"Yes back to the grind."

Glen and Ed looked at each other as Cindy and I explained how we planned the entire trip.

"We just didn't expect the storm," I explained. "But we wanted a fun time so we've been planning this for about a month."

"I hope you guys aren't angry," Cindy stated.

"How can I get angry, it was a fun weekend of fucking," Ed replied.

That's how the four of us got together. Now we hike regularly. Cindy and I have even hiked topless whenever we know no one else is around. Our goal for next Summer is to fuck our way from Maryland to Maine on the Appalachian Trail.