 I'm Sue and I'm depressed. Summer is officially over and cold weather will soon be here.

The thing I hate most about cold weather is I can't dress the way I'd like to. I love summer. I can get by with the least amount of clothing on my body. I love showing off my perky little titties and tight ass.

The Saturday before Labor Day my company had their last blast of summer, our annual company picnic. 

My boss has a pavilion on his large farm where he holds the picnics. It has a full kitchen, bar and tables for us to sit at. He also has a stable with several horses and a large in-ground pool.

The day of the picnic was also the first day of college football, so my husband Ed would be in his man-cave parked in front of his three large screen TVs.

"Are you sure you don't wanna come with me?" I asked the morning on the picnic.

"No. Go and have some fun. Maybe you can sleep your way into a promotion or a big fat raise," Ed joked.

"What should I wear?"

"As little as you can get away with," Ed said laughing.

I went into our bedroom and went through my closet. I wanted to show as much skin as possible, without pissing off the wives of my co-workers.

I decided on shorts and a tank top with no bra. I showed off little, unless I'd bend over then you could look down my top and see my tits.

"Have fun honey," I said as I leaned over and gave Ed a kiss.

"Nice view!" he exclaimed and he slipped a hand down my top and pinched one of my nipples.

"Knock it off. If you don't go, you don't get," I explained as I pulled his hand out of my top.

He slapped me on the ass and told me to have fun, but don't get pregnant.

I drove over to my boss Mr Franco's farm. I was one of the first to arrive and parked next to the pavilion.

"Hi Sue. Happy Labor Day," Mr Franco stated as I walked in.

"Thank you sir," I replied.

"Today isn't a workday so call me George."

"Okay George."

"Can you help set up the tables?" he asked.

"Sure."

I helped my 60 something boss set the tables. I noticed him looking down my top as I set the silverware on the tables.

He blushed when he saw me look up and he quickly looked away.

Let me tell you something about my boss George Franco. He's a 60 something health freak. He is in great shape and his wife passed away two years ago. He looks like Peter Graves with darker hair.

Every woman in the office wanted a piece of him because they thought if they hooked up that they would be set for life.

It took another twenty minutes but we finally got all of the place settings set.

"Thanks for the help Sue."

"No problem George."

"By the way, where's Ed?" he asked.

"First day of football season. He's home glued to the TV."

"And he lets you go out dressed like this?"

I blushed then replied, "Yes."

"Well you can sit next to me if you'd like."

"Okay I think I will."

This wasn't in my plan. I wasn't looking to hook up with my boss, but why not I thought. If I sleep with him I'm set.

The rest of my co-workers arrived and the party started. We were all drinking heavily and having a good time.

George and I were seated at the head table and we were talking as the rest were drinking and dancing. 

"Having fun Sue?"

"Yes. I was wondering if we could go for a ride on your horses."

"Sure. Lets go."

We got up and he told the senior partner that we were going for a ride.

We saddled up two horses and hit the trail behind the barn. George was a much better rider than me, because he took off and left me in the dust.

"Come on Sue catch up," he cried out.

He was watching as I rode up to him. I noticed that he was staring at my chest as my breasts bounced up and down as I rode.

"Do you like what you see?" I asked.

"Uh. I'm sorry Sue I couldn't help it."

"No problem George. I guess I should've worn a bra."

Our horses were next to each other and he leaned over and kissed me on the lips.

"George!" I cried out. "I'm gonna fall off my horse if you keep it up."

We both got off our horses and our lips met again.

His lips met mine and I felt shivers running up and down my spine.

"I hope I'm not upsetting you," George asked as we stopped kissing.

"No not at all," I replied. "I hope I'm not being too aggressive," I stated as I took his hand and placed it on my tank top covered right breast.

"Oh Sue you naughty girl," he replied as he squeezed my pear shaped tit.

His fingers took my erect nipple between them and pinched them as we kissed again. His hands went up my top and he pulled my top up and exposed my breasts to the sun.

George leaned over and he kissed my erect right nipple. I pulled his head closer to me as he sucked on my titties, alternating from right to left breast.

His free hand quickly pulled my shorts down and pulled my thong to the side and penetrated my wet box with his fingers.

"Oh George!" I screamed out as he brought me to climax.

"Oh yes, fuck yes!" I screamed as my entire body shook and shuddered as I came.

I was naked in the woods in front of a man old enough to be my father as he quickly undressed. His cock was standing at full staff, and his pubic hair was snow white. I couldn't keep my eyes off his throbbing cock.

"Come here mister!" I stated.

He walked over to me and I dropped to my knees and kissed the tip of his cock. I slowly took all of him in my mouth and sucked him off faster and faster.

"Oh shit Sue! I'm cumming!"

He exploded in my mouth and I swallowed as much as I could. I licked his cock clean and we sat down on the ground.

"That was awesome Sue. I haven't had a blowjob in ten years. I want to have sex with you, but you'll have to give me a little time to recover. I took a Viagra this morning but it still takes time."

"No problem," I replied.

We sat there naked and talked as we heard a voice calling out his name.

"George! George where are you?"

We knew right away that it was Dave Logan his right hand man.

George stood up and called out, "Over here Dave."

"George! I'm naked!" I called out.

"I know. I can't get it up right now, but I know Dave can."

"Holy shit boss!" Dave called out.

"Dave can you do me a favor. Sue needs a nice slow fucking and right now I'm in no position to give it to her."

Dave took one look at me and without saying a word quickly undressed. I gasped as as he pulled his shorts off. He had the largest cock I've ever seen on a white guy. He was at least ten inches long erect, and the thick purple head was glistening in pre-cum.

"Come here Sue," he decreed.

I obliged and he rubbed my slit and made certain that I was lubed up.

"Bend over and get ready."

I bent over on a horse hitch and he slowly impaled me with his rock hard monster.

"Ughhh!" I moaned as he completely penetrated me.

He held onto my shoulders as he slowly started fucking me from behind. He cupped my bouncing breasts as fucked.

"Hey George looks like you're ready."

Dave pulled out and got on his back on the ground.

"Okay Susan, get on top of me," he commanded.

I guided his monster cock into my waiting stretched cunt and he pulled me on top of him.

"Okay Dave. I'm going to do her in the ass."

"What?" I cried out.

Before I could say anything else George penetrated my ass with his now hard cock. 

Here I was at a company outing with my boss fucking me in the ass and his assistant impaling me with his snake.

"Oh my God!" I screamed.

I had almost a foot and a half of cock inside of me and I was close to yet another climax.

"Oh yeah! I'm cumming!" I screamed and my cunt had spasms and acted like a vice grip on Dave's cock.

"Oh yes! Get ready" Dave yelled and he exploded filling my cunt with his warm white seed.

No sooner than that George pulled out and came all over my back.

"Oh my. Sorry Sue I didn't mean to make a mess on you," George stated.

"No problem and no complaints. That was the best time I've ever had at a picnic," I replied.

We all stood up and George wiped his cum off my back with his hankie.

"I have a proposition for you Sue," George said.

"What's that?" I asked.

"We have a board of directors meeting in October in Bermuda, and I'd like it if you came down with us. I know you'd be a hit with the directors."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well lets just say if you dress like you did today at the meeting, you're going to be a big hit."

"Are you asking me to sleep with the board of directors?" I asked.

"Only the ones who want to," he replied. "I'll pay all of your expenses. You'll be inline for a massive bonus."

"Give me the weekend to think about it."

We made it back to the pavilion and everyone else had left.

"Thanks for a fun day," George said as he walked me to my car.

"No thank you for a nice fucking," I replied.

I got home and told Ed about my picnic. I still haven't decided what to do about the meeting in Bermuda. I still have a couple of weeks to decide, so if I go we'll have a lot of new stories to tell.