 Ray and Terri

Ray strolled into the hardware store that he had owned for many years. Whistling quietly between his teeth, he glanced around with pride at what he had built. He took note of his employees going about their jobs and headed back for his office.

He had just left an amazingly satisfying meeting. Ray was the mayor of the small town where he lived and worked and considered himself quite important to the town. He felt that he "ruled" fairly and respectfully. But this morning, he had received the best compliment of his entire tenure.

The city clerk, Sharon, had invited him to her office and once there, had proceeded to fuck

his brains out. Now, Ray had never in his 25 years of marriage cheated on his wife, Terri, and he did feel a little niggle of shame for his actions. But the rocking orgasm he had just experienced kept that niggle quite small.

Upon entering his office, Ray found his wife sitting at his desk, her fingers flying over an adding machine as she totaled receipts. He stood and watched her for a minute, admiring this woman who had worked with him, here and at home, to raise two beautiful children. 

Terri's shoulder length, honey colored hair curled softly around her face and her deep green eyes were focused in concentration. She wore her usual jeans and company polo shirt. Terri was very slim with small breasts and really no hips or butt to speak of. But "back in the day", she had been quite a wild lover. 

Unfortunately, once their children had been born, everything changed. When Terri wasn't 

so tired that Ray could actually get her in the mood for some loving, then she wanted both of them to be as quiet as possible so the kids didn't hear. Eventually, their sex life disintegrated into quick tussles in the dark that only relieved the itch but had no satisfaction. 

Ray's session with the forceful Sharon had reminded him of better days that he had full intentions of getting back. Leaning down, he nuzzled a kiss into Terri's neck. Being as Terri didn't know anyone was in the room with her, this caused her an instant fright and she flew out of the chair, papers flying into the air.

Terri had managed not to scream but now stood with her back to the desk, one hand pressed to her chest to ensure her heart was still inside and the other hand reaching for a letter opener to brandish as a weapon. Green eyes flashing wildly and chest heaving to suck in air she exclaimed, "What the hell were you thinking?"

Ray stuck his hands in the pockets of his khakis and shuffled his feet and watched small pieces of paper float to the floor, "Well hun, I just... well," he stuttered.

Terri glared at the shorter man, "Don't ever do that again."

This caused Ray to straighten up to his formidable 5'6" height. "Now look here, you're my wife and I'll touch you or kiss you whenever I want."

Terri leaned back on the desk still holding the letter opener. "No, you look here. You are the mayor, this is your workplace, and you will not behave like that."

Ray rocked back on his heels and took a long look at Terri. It seemed Sharon was right about the things she said concerning his wife. Terri had become a prude and that would end quickly. "I know damn well who I am and who you are. I don't like the way things have become between us, Terri, and I intend to change things."

Terri narrowed her eyes and glared at the shorter man. "How dare you speak to me like that. You need to go home and remember how to talk to me. And while you're there, do the laundry and clean the litter box."

Ray raised his chin and attempted to look down his nose at his wife, but as she was a good two inches taller than he, it was difficult to pull off. He turned and stormed from the store. Once outside he whipped out his cell phone and called Sharon. The call went straight to her voice mail. He left a quick message and headed out of town. Ray had plans and they did not include laundry or litter boxes.

Several hours and many phone calls later, Ray sat in his comfy recliner at home waiting for Terri to arrive. He was sipping on his second rum and coke when he heard the front door slam.

Terri stalked into the den still fuming over the earlier conflict. Upon seeing Ray with the drink in hand she came to an abrupt halt. "You're drinking! Oh my god, you are not allowed to drink. What if someone calls or stops by to see you? Give me that right now," she said with one hand on her hip and the other outstretched to take the offending glass.

Ray took a large swallow of the drink and glared right back. "Terri, I told you already that I'm making some changes. I've allowed you to run me and this family long enough. I'm a laughing stock in this town and it's all because of you and how you treat people."

"You're a laughing stock because you're short and have no spine. I made you Mayor and don't you forget it."

Ray set down his drink and slowly stood up. "Which is why it's time for me to take back head of this family." 

Now, Ray might be short, but one thing people forget because of the preppy clothes and soft demeanor, was that Ray started out in life doing construction work for his father and still today was quick to lend a hand on local sites that were using his lumberyard. Doing so had made tough strong muscles that people didn't realize were there.

Quick as flash, Ray grabbed Terri's arm, sat on the nearby couch, pulled her across his lap face down and administered three quick slaps to her upturned ass. Terri screeched more from surprise and embarrassment than in pain as although the slaps were quite firm, her jeans somewhat cushioned the blows. Ray held an arm across Terri's back and left his hand on her butt to keep her from getting up. No matter how hard she squirmed and jerked, Terri couldn't get away.

"Let me up right now!"

"No. I don't think my point has gotten across yet." Terri suddenly felt another set of hands reach under her and unfasten her pants.

"Oh my god who is that? Who's here? Let me up damn you!" she screamed as the hands began to pull her jeans and underwear off.

"Well, you see Terri, I was reminded of the past this morning and even learned some new things. And I knew that since you had changed so much and you need such a major attitude adjustment that I'd need some help. Since I knew who would be perfect for the job, I asked a favor and here we are."

"What? What are you blabbering about? Let me up and whoever that is with you had better be gone when I do get up or I'll ruin not just you, Ray, but your little friends too."

Ray couldn't help it, he busted out laughing so hard he nearly dropped Terri and only a quick intervention from his helper saved them all. "Oh Terri, you even sound like a wicked witch now," he said as he continued to chuckle.

By now, Terri's pants, underwear and shoes had all been removed, leaving her small uptight ass exposed. Ray caressed the white skin gently admiring the view and then suddenly gave a smart smack.

"Ow! Stop that!" Terri felt the barehanded slap much more than before. 

Ray again caressed her ass, smoothing the pink hand print that had appeared, waiting until her muscles started to relax again before administering another firm spank. Terri shrieked in anger and again tried to fling herself from Ray's lap. The mysterious hands gripped her back and legs, not letting her move.

Ray again caressed her small ass before smacking to raise yet another pink hand print. Suddenly though, she felt lips brush over upturned butt and a tongue gently flicked over one of the stinging spots. Just as the confusion dissolved into the beginnings of pleasure, Ray's hand delivered another quick spank.

"Damn you!" Terri fumed. At Ray's quiet chuckle, Terri accepted that for the first time in years, he had the best of her.

"Say hun, does this remind you of anything?" 

Terri dropped her head down. She did remember. Once, long years ago, she and Ray had indulged in similar foreplay. Back before the kids, they enjoyed each other and Terri admitted to herself that the spanks Ray used to give her during their lovemaking always increased her pleasure. The combination of spanking and caressing was causing her pussy to remember also. As Terri closed her eyes and started to let herself feel the warm rushes through her body she wondered to herself, why had she forgotten?

Ray noted Terri's change and slid his hand down her ass to run a finger over her pussy. His partner again kissed and licked her bottom, this time drawing a soft gasp from the overturned woman. Ray slipped a finger into the soft folds of Terri's snatch, feeling the wetness starting to flow. He smiled to the other man and nodded.

While his helper kept Terri occupied with his attention to her now bright pink cheeks, Ray was able to shift his position and unfasten his pants. Once he had his engorged member free, he pulled Terri around until she was positioned between his thighs. Terri looked up at Ray and into the soft brown eyes that she loved. Hands behind her pulled her shirt over her head and unfastened her bra, but when she would have turned to see who was behind her, Ray quickly leaned down and took her lips with his in a hot, bone melting kiss. 

With Ray holding her still after removing her bra, those other wondrous hands began exploring her small but pert breasts. Terri moaned with forgotten enjoyment. Once ending the kiss, Ray gently pushed her head down to his penis. Terri started to balk; this wasn't something she used to enjoy, but Ray's firm pressure pushed her down and she opened her mouth to take him in. Ray shifted down to give her better access and ran his hands through her honey hair. The one behind her explored her compact body, running his hands all over her. 

As Terri's enjoyment of the petting of her body grew, she put more effort into her attentions of the cock in her mouth, sliding her tongue around and over the fat member. Ray was short in this area too, but more than made up for it in girth. His was the fattest cock she had ever known and had once enjoyed having it stretch her pussy tight.

Ray managed to push his pants down further without disturbing Terri's work. And work she did, sucking and pulling on his rock hard member. Reaching over to a table beside the couch, Ray opened a drawer and pulled out a tube of lube and handed it to the man behind her. This was a prearranged signal for the two of the them.

As the other one shifted back, Ray pulled Terri up into his lap, having her straddle his hips. He latched his mouth onto one of her little berry nipples, pulling it tight into his mouth. Reaching up, he slid his hand over her other breast, cupping it in his palm. Terri's breasts were rather tiny, but they were very sensitive. He lightly scraped his palm over her nipple while gently biting down on the one in his mouth.

Terri gasped and groaned, shuddering hard with pleasure. Lowering her hips she began to grind her soaking wet pussy against Ray's dick, slathering it with juice. The hands behind her returned to her hips, guiding her movements along the fat prick. Lifting up only a couple of inches, Terri slid the cock home. It had been so long since she'd been filled that she had to push down and work him inside. The hands on her hips began rocking her back and forth, moving Ray's cock along her tight tunnel walls.

Ray and Terri began sharing hot open kisses, tongues sliding and twining together. Suddenly, Ray administered another sharp spank to her ass at the same time one of the hands behind her reached down and flicked her hard little clit. Terri came with surprising gush. The orgasm hit her hard and unexpectedly. With his mouth still attached to hers, Ray swallowed her gasps and held her hips tightly as she contracted around him. Her pussy walls spasmed and tightened around him, milking his cock. He held in his own orgasm by sheer force of will.

As Terri relaxed against him, Ray gently tilted her hips up just a bit, being careful not to completely dislodge himself. Terri felt a probing finger along her rosebud hole and started to tense up. Ray quickly captured her lips in another kiss. "Trust me, Terri, just trust me for once."

A lubed finger slipped gently in her ass carefully stretching her open. As Terri continued kissing Ray and not objecting to the invasion, a second finger was inserted and worked around. This new feeling was interesting; it didn't hurt and combined with the prick in her pussy was actually rather pleasant.

She actually moaned in protest when the fingers were removed, but they were quickly replaced by the distinct feeling of cock. Terri's eyes flew open and met Ray's gentle and calm ones. Staring into his eyes, she let herself relax and accept the nudge on her back door. Terri even leaned forward a bit more sinking down onto Ray's prick but giving better access to her ass hole. 

Very slowly and carefully, the pole entered her virgin bud. The discomfort lasted only moments before the feeling of fullness overtook her. The two cocks began working together, moving her between them. For a moment Terri simply laid her head onto Ray's shoulder and absorbed the feeling of both her holes being plugged at once. But the longer it went on the more Terri began to enjoy.

She moved with the two, working the cocks inside her, pussy muscles and sphincter gripping and pulling. As the one behind her latched hands onto her breasts and a mouth onto her neck, Ray captured her mouth with his again. Harder and faster the three moved together; gasps and groans, harsh breaths flowing across and around her. 

"Oh god I'm cumming again! Pound me harder, fuck me now," she screamed.

It was all Ray could take and he erupted inside her. Streams of cum coating her pussy walls, he shoved hard up in her. The one behind her pushed her down against Ray and began to pump furiously into her ass. Terri screamed as the next orgasm tore through her and she shuddered as pussy juice coated both men. Her cunt clenched hard around the cock buried inside her as the one in her ass pounded hard. 

Suddenly there was a quiet moan behind her and the dick in her ass began to spasm and shoot jets of hot cum. This new feeling of having her ass coated from the inside caused even another small orgasm to rock through Terri. She marveled at the fact that she'd just experienced three wonderful orgasms in such a short amount of time. Never had that happened, not even when her and Ray were at their best. 

As the one behind her collapsed onto her back and gave another soft kiss to her neck, she looked up at Ray. The unspoken request to turn to see who was behind her was met with a small shake of his head. "It's better if you don't know. At least for now. Just know that he will never speak of this and never will acknowledge what happened unless you want someone to know. And only you can speak of it as I promise you now that I will not."

Terri thought for a moment and then reached back to give a gentle caress to the one behind her. "Then for now I'll say thank you to you both. But I am going to ask if someday maybe we can repeat this?" she asked with a mischievous grin that Ray hadn't seen in years.

He threw back his head and laughed. "That all depends, my dear, on your behavior. I've had enough complaints about how you treat people and I want it to stop. This is not the woman I married and I want her back. But... if you became disobedient here at home, I just might have to arrange for a reminder."

As the cock slipped from her ass Terri made no attempt to turn to see. She leaned forward and simply cuddled up to Ray, her face resting against his neck. Ray nodded to his partner and assured him that if his services were needed again he'd be called. Soon the two were left alone. 

"Ray... I'm sorry. I don't know what's happened to me. I got so caught up in you being mayor, the store... I really am sorry for the way I've been acting."

"Just promise me that we can go back to the way we were. We used to respect each other, we used to enjoy each other. We haven't done that in a very long time."

Terri dropped her head in shame. Ray chucked her under the chin and brought her mouth up for a soft kiss. Terri began to move against him, slowly sinuously. 

"Uh honey... I'm going to need a bit of time here."

Terri grinned, "What? Mr. Stud used to be good for another round this soon."

Ray actually blushed surprising his wife. She pulled back to look at his face. "Ray, what have you done?"

"Lets just say that I got a lesson of my own this morning. That combined with age is causing the 'ol one-eyed wonder to need a bit of a breather before getting up again."

Terri narrowed her eyes at Ray and turned his words over in her mind. "And will you be receiving any more lessons anytime soon?"

"Only from you my love, only from you."

Terri being the smart woman she was new damn well that meant Ray had fucked another woman. But at the same time, she had just willingly fucked another man, even if it was up her ass and not her cunt. So basically, she was stuck being unable to protest whatever Ray had done that had caused his manhood to need a break. Ray could see her working through the problem in her mind and was just a bit worried about what she'd decide on. 

Terri leaned forward and dropped a quick kiss on Ray's mouth. "I need a shower. And I have laundry to do and a litter box to clean," she said, grinning. Terri had seen that momentary flash of worry in Ray's eyes and knew that she still did have the upper hand. But she also knew that if she wanted more of what she got today, staying on Ray's good side was a must.

Ray chuckled. "How about you take the laundry and I'll take the litter box? You know I hate laundry and even though I hate that damn cat of yours, I'm willing to split the chores."

"It's a deal." Terri laughed and climbed off his lap to head for the shower.

Chapter 2

The next morning dawned bright and clear. Ray and Terri were going about their morning routines as usual. As they met in the kitchen for coffee before starting their day in earnest, Ray greeted Terri with a rather long slender wrapped gift.

"What's this?" she asked curiously.

"Just open it and find out," Ray handed her the package.

Terri took it and thoughtfully looked it over before opening it. "Funny shape for jewelry or clothes."

Ray just grinned and leaned against the counter sipping his coffee. Terri finally gave in a tore open the gift. As she unveiled the hidden treasure Terri's mouth dropped open in shock. In her hands, she held a box containing a bright purple 18" long double-ended vibrating dildo. 

"What the hell would I want this for?"

Ray's eyes twinkled in mirth. "Oh I'm sure a smart woman like you can find some use for it." With a quick kiss, Ray was out the door and off to the office leaving Terri standing in the kitchen still gaping at the object in her hand.

"That man has flipped his freaking mind," Terri mumbled to herself as she headed back to the bedroom, dildo in hand. She tossed it on the bed as she started to pull out clothes for the day. The thing just laid there, staring at her. She glared at it as she turned away from the bed but another object caught her eye. On the table beside the bed was a bottle of lube. Was that the same bottle that Ray and her mystery man had yesterday? How'd it get up here?

Terri looked at the dildo then looked at the lube. Her mind wandered back to having both her holes filled with cock. The brightly colored toy seemed to mock her and challenge her at the same time. She set down the clothes she had picked out and slid her robe from her shoulders. Walking nude over to the bed, she picked up the vibrator and flipped the switch on the side. A quiet hum filled the air as the vibrations filled her hand. 

Should she? 

Terri stroked the dildo with her hand. It wasn't all that big around, it was just long. But then being double ended that could mean different things. Couldn't it? She bent the toy together so that both heads lined up and then flipped the second switch. The humming increased as did the vibrations.
