 Chapter Two
Eric

Our lips locked together for what seemed like an hour. There is no way to describe the feeling that I get when we kiss. I am truly lost for that moment. We separated, and I had to clear my head for a moment before I came back to our time and place. "Are you sure about this", you asked? 

I laughed again and said that as usual I am rarely sure about anything, but that this just feels right. You said that you felt the same way, that the mood just seemed right tonight. "I just want to make sure that you are ready for this" you said. "I want you to take complete control. I want you to tell us both what to do. You know what I enjoy. I want you...and I want you to be able to just let go and enjoy this experience."

I kissed you on the forehead and told you that I would do the best I could, as I always do when I am around you. I told you that I had better go downstairs and find Nick. We both knew that he was nervous and I wanted to ease his fears. You offered to, and I knew that you could easily make him feel wanted, but in this case I understood a little better than you what might be on his mind. I think that you sensed this too and didn't argue with me, a minor miracle. You told me to take my time and that you were going to get a little more comfortable while I went to get him.

At first I couldn't find him, and then I saw the light coming from my office at the end of the hall. I walked in and found him examining the Asian artwork and various project citations that I had collected over the years. "I didn't realize that you travelled overseas....are you there a lot" He asked? 

I answered that I did, and told him about my most recent business venture to China and Vietnam, although I did not mention the secondary reason for that particular visit. Maybe if we got to know each other better. I thought that very unlikely. He started to fidget with items from my bookshelves. Various items that I had designed and tested. I knew that we needed to get the air cleared. I told him how much I appreciated him coming back here with us. 

"You must do this a lot" he said, turning away to look out the window. 

I told him that this was the first time that we had ever done this. He turned back to face me so abruptly that he nearly tripped over the coffee table that he had just circled. 

"I find that hard to believe. You both just seem so...relaxed about this. And Renee, she is just so sexy. I mean, if I had a girlfriend like her....." he trailed off. I told him that although this was the first time that we had invited someone into our house for the purpose of fantasy play, we had discussed it on many occasions. We are relaxed because we both understand that this is fantasy, meant for enjoyment of all three of us. 

I also told him that you and I trusted each other completely. That seemed to strike a note with him. He considered this for a moment and the nervousness seemed to melt from the air. He asked me about a few of the projects that I had worked on, and we found that we had actually worked for the same client last year, although on different types of work. We were just finding an easy rhythm when you called down from upstairs saying that we were being very rude by leaving you to drink alone. I motioned for Nick to head upstairs, and let him to leave my office first while I turned off the light and made a quick check to make sure that I had not left anything visible on my desk that could prove to be embarrassing if seen. With a sigh of relief I followed Nick up the stairs and into the den.

I noticed right away that you had changed into the soft gray t shirt that we had purchased on our last trip together. I loved the way it hugged your body in all the right places, and felt a tingle course through my body as I remembered the last time that you wore it, and how you felt in my arms. I knew intuitively that you were wearing nothing under the soft cotton, and wondered if Nick knew the same. The way his eyes followed you across the room I felt sure that if he didn't know that to be true, he was certainly hoping that it was.

I suggested that we go out to the porch. You chided me that you were already two steps ahead, and that our drinks were waiting and the music was playing. I was about to ask you who's play list you had put on, but thought better of it. I knew that you would find the right thing. It was amazing at times how tuned our thinking could be.

As we walked on to the screened porch I noticed right away that there was a full moon. It was reflecting off the ocean in ringlets of silvery light, and it made me think of a conversation that we had earlier in the evening about lovers meeting on the beach under a full moon. I wondered where Sam and Melissa were, and what they were doing right at this moment. Remembering the desire in Sam's eyes and the passion in Melissa's, I had a pretty good idea. I filed that thought away for a later fantasy.

On the porch there was a couch, two wicker chairs, a couple of Chinese porcelain garden tables and a hammock type swing that could comfortably seat three. You seated yourself on one end of the couch and I draped myself in one of the chairs across from you. You put your feet up into my lap and motioned for Nick to join you on the couch. 

The next thirty minutes were spent sipping cold martinis, listening to the sounds of the beach and pieces of conversation about whatever came to mind. Nick finally asked about something that I know was one of the two or three things on his mind, our fantasy project. He wanted to know how we had thought of it and how the project was progressing. I waved my drink in your direction and told him that the idea was launched from within the deep recesses of your imagination. I was only the facilitator. .It was you who had the birthed the concept. 

I think that Nick was a little surprised, thinking that surely it was me who had dragged you into the sometimes sordid world of fantasy fulfillment. 

I asked him if he had actually seen the website and he admitted a little sheepishly that he had visited it on his Iphone earlier in the evening. 

While we were talking, you were rubbing your toes up and down my thighs, generating the expected reaction from under my khaki shorts. I watched you start to explain to Nick that fantasy fulfillment was something that you had given a lot of thought to, not only for yourself, but for others. 

I was glad that you had taken up the conversation because it allowed me the opportunity to simply watch you. Your eyes were bright with excitement as you explained to him your concepts of naughty and nice fantasies. I could only think of the naughty ones as I watched your fingers drag the hem of your t-shirt up your thighs. 

I couldn't help myself. I set your feet on the oriental carpet, lowered myself to my knees and begin to kiss slowly up the inside of your thighs, which I know is exactly what you had intended me to do. The closer I came to your pussy, the more the desire for you made me loose all sense of my surroundings. You spread your legs. I could sense that Nick was watching. He stopped asking questions. You kept explaining about the genesis of the fantasy project. When my lips first brushed across your wetness I shuddered and I heard you sigh deeply. As my tongue slid into you, I was aware of only you, only that moment.

Chapter Three
Nick

This was amazing. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. From the moment that I laid eyes on this couple in the bar I knew that there was something different about them. They just seemed so unique; so apart from all that was happening around them. At first I was just attracted to Renee. She had these amazing eyes and a body that was so hot. I was actually a little disappointed to see that she was with Eric until I got to met him. I actually spent more time talking with him than with her. He just had this way of seeing into me. It's like we had known each other a long time. 

And then I would see him just reach out and take Renee's hand. And sometimes he would just brush the hair off her neck and kiss her there. And then she would look at him, and I would think I hope that I can have someone look at me the way that she looks at him. 

When Renee started telling Mel and Sam about her fantasy website sitting at the bar, I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Here was this gorgeous woman and her boyfriend. And she has this incredibly sexy and passionate side. I had to excuse myself at one point, mumbling something about needing to piss. I locked myself into a bathroom stall and started surfing her website. It was amazing. I looked at the fantasies that others had created. The pictures that people had sent in, the letters and stories that they had written. And then I saw the pictures that Renee had posted of herself. They were amazing pictures of her in lingerie. And then pictures of Eric there with her. Their bodies together were so sexy. 

I was so turned on, rubbing my left hand over my crotch as I thought what it would be like to be with her. Maybe to be with them? It was only a minute before I realized that I was rock hard. I was embarrassed at first, but then smiled as I realized that I had just created a fantasy by looking at a site about creating fantasies with a couple that was only about 30 feet away from me and waiting for me to return. The irony was not lost on me in the least. I couldn't help myself. I jacked off thinking about being with both of them.

I am going to skip ahead here a little because I am anxious to talk about what happened at the house. But first I need to describe how we came to the house. After returning to the bar from the bathroom, still a little flushed I am sure, I bought a last round of drinks. This was mostly to give me time tonregain my composure. Sitting next to them was a little strange after jacking off to their pictures a few moments before. 

I was saying something to Mel and Sam (who by the way seemed to be developing a thing for each other), when Renee ran her fingers through my hair and whispered into my ear "we would love to take you back to our place for the evening, are you up for that?" Again I had this sense of déjà vu. I had just been fantasizing about that and now I was invited to make it real. 

Eric has this amazing house on the beach just a few blocks away and we walk there although I can not for the life of me think of a single thing that we talked about while walking. All I could think about was that I hoped that they would think I was good enough for them! I imagined that they must do this every weekend. Creating fantasies for themselves and others, just like on the website. 

The first think that I did when we got there was to head for the bathroom to touch myself again. I was so afraid that I would just orgasm the minute I saw them together or the minute that either of them touched me, especially her. 

So there I was about to orgasm in Eric's bathroom. I am picturing both of them touching me and I cum explosively for the second time in an hour. As I stood there panting, i heared someone coming down the stairs. I cleaned up the best I could and walked out the bathroom door. I made a wrong turn and ended up in what I could only imagine was Eric's office. 

My cock was still swollen and throbbing and I could feel juice leaking down my leg when Eric walked in. I didn't know what to do so I start playing with the things that he had on his shelves. I had no fucking clue what those things were or what else to do, but again Eric just seemed to see into my soul and made me feel at ease. 

I can't for the life of me tell you most of what he said, except that he told me that I was the only person that they had ever invited to the house for fantasy reasons. I must have looked like lightning had hit me because Eric just laughed. It just made everything all right. At that moment I wondered if Eric had a hard on, and what it would feel like in my hand. 

And then were sitting together at last sitting on the deck. Renee was sitting next to me in a t shirt and I swear nothing else. Eric was sitting across from us with a bulging hard on, not caring who knew about it. And then all of the sudden Eric went down on her like nothing I had seen before. It's like his focus all of the sudden switched to her and her alone. 

Renee had obviously seen that happen before. She smiled at me and then just closed her eyes and wrapped her fingers through her hair and gyrated her hips. I had never seen anything like the orbiting of her hips before I saw her slowly gyrate as Eric licked and kissed deeper and deeper. I was mesmerized. 

I suddenly wanted to be a woman just so I could feel what that was like to have that done to me. Renee's head was back now and she was moaning softly. Her left hand left Eric's head and started brushing lightly over her left breast. I could see the nipple peak hard against the fabric. Then her right hand reached over and grabbed mine and she placed it on her right breast. 

Her hand then reached up and grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head over to her. I was about to kiss her lips when she looked right at me, suddenly very aware and said "no" and pushed my head down until my mouth was covering her right breast with the soft fabric in between. I suddenly understood that kissing on the lips was off limits. 

Renee then pulled up her shirt until her breasts were exposed, and with her right hand she cupped under the right one and held it for me to suck. I was dizzy with excitement. She tasted like nothing I had experienced. She was breathing hard now and her legs were spread open wide as Eric played with her clit with his lips and tongue. Renee was saying something that I didn't understand for a minute, until she leaned over and whispered in my ear "take your pants off...now."