 All characters are of legal age.

*****

Across from me, Glenda was rising from Mick's cock to stand unsteadily beside him. She looked around at Clare and crooked a finger at her.

"Here," she said. "It's your turn for the tilt-a-whirl." 

We all laughed as she managed to sit down on some cushions beside Tom. I saw them cuddle each other as they exchanged a long kiss. Katy and David are spooning to one side and he's pulled a sheet over them. I still see steam rising around the room and realize I should be freezing with the night air pouring in the window. I'm not, though. I feel well fucked and sexually satisfied but I'm still tingling and wondering what Zach will try.

Gwen has crawled back over and is spooning behind Stuart who is spooning against Jamie. Now there's an interesting situation. I wonder how it will play out in the cold light of day. Mick stands up and rubs his ass cheeks with both hands as his still hard cock bounces around.

"Do you want to change positions?" Clare asks. 

He shrugs and answers, "We can if you like."

"On your back?" Clare asks. 

Mick smiles and agrees. They move some cushions around and he settles down with his cock straight up his stomach. Clare kneels and slides her legs across his hips before bending down to kiss his lips. As she rises her heavy breasts brush his face. I see him suckling at her as she begins to rub her slit up and down his cock. She shivers as excitement climbs. I move over beside them and reach under her for the base of his cock. As she moves forward I raise it high enough to hit her lips as she moves back. She sucks air as it lodges in her opening. She wiggles her hips to settle him deeper and deeper before sitting upright. She puts her hands on his chest and begins to ride him at her own pace. Smiling down at him you can almost see her daring him not to cum before she does.

Mick cooperates and uses his hands to play with the heavy breasts she dangles in front of him. His hands slide back to cup her ass and help her move but she stops them and brings them back up to her breasts again.

"Uh uh" she murmurs. "Pinch these instead. Please." 

Mick pulls at her nipples and squeezes her breasts with both hands. She picks up the pace and starts thrusting down with real force.

I turn to see Zach smiling at what was happening in front of us. I smiled back and he moved to be beside me.

"Do you want a different position? He asked. That sounds good.

"On my back?" I offered.

"Sure," he replied.

We moved to be comfortable beside Mick and Clare. I smiled at him as Zach positioned himself beside me. He stroked his hand down my side and I dropped a hand to hold his hardening cock. Mick reached out to tweak my nipple before going back to Clare's hip again. This time she didn't stop him from helping her move. Sweat covers both their bodies and I could hear the slap of their flesh together. 

Zach had dropped a hand to my slit and found me still wet. Not surprising after what Tom had shot inside. He stretched out to kiss me and moved his legs inside my open thighs. His cock bumped at my lips a couple of times and then sunk about halfway. I breathed deep at the feeling of my fifth cock of the evening and moved my hips in welcome.

The last time we'd made love I'd ended up raw from rubbing against the bark covering the tree limb. I wasn't mad at him about that as I'd been a willing participant but it did make for an awkward conversation with my doctor who found it hard not to laugh at me.

He sank deeper with smooth thrusts. His slender cock felt hot and hard inside me as he settled down to a comfortable pace. Nice. Not too fast ... not too slow ... a pleasant, comfortable fuck that gently lifted me towards another climax. After what I'd already felt tonight this was good. I could happily ride this cock while his girlfriend rode my boyfriend. I lifted my legs and wrapped my arms around his back to scrape his skin with my nails. Sweaty skin slid under my hands as I moaned my pleasure and encouraged him with my voice.

I looked to my left as a sudden groan from Clare caught my attention. Her steady thrusts had become ragged and her matted hair dripped sweat on Mick below her. He held her hips still as I watched and set her to panting with short, sharp thrusts of his hips. She yelped and I saw her hands become claws on his chest.

"You want to watch them?" Zach asked me.

He raised up and bent my right leg before turning me on my left side. With my left leg between his, he dropped my right leg across his hips still bent at the knee.

Oh my. I can feel his balls rubbing along my thigh as he holds me sideways and proceeds to fuck me faster. His cock is hitting different nerve endings and I release soft cries of pleasure at the new feelings. Clare looks at us and her eyes grew wide. She gasps watching her boyfriend fuck me.

Mick stops and watches us moving. With a quiet word to Clare he lifts her over to lie beside us and turns her so we face each other. I see him lift her leg and obviously slide his cock back in from behind. Clare groans but doesn't stop watching us move. My breasts shake with every thrust and he has me close to orgasm. Clare starts to talk, her words running together and interrupted with gasps or sounds of pleasure.

"Is that good baby? Is she fucking you back? Are you going to cum in her?" Clare's eyes get suddenly bigger as she talks. "Can he? Can he cum in you?" She begs me. She turns her head to look at Mick as lust takes an obvious hold.

"Can he, Mick? Can he cum in her? I want to see him cum. Please. Please let him cum in her!" Her begging is to us both and I look at Mick who shrugs in response. She's getting me turned on more, too.

"I want to see ... I want to see him cum ... lift her leg baby .. I want to see you fucking her ... I want to see you cum!" Whatever trigger she's found has her going crazy.

Damn but she's got me going crazy too and I happily lift my leg as Zach holds it up. Clare's hand drops down to feel us joined and she rubs his balls. I reach out and take her face in mine to watch her lust filled eyes.

"He's fucking me good. Your boy is going to cum in me so hard ... I feel his cock swelling and he's fucking me harder .. I'm going to cum on his hard cock and he's going to fill me with his cum ... help him ... feel his cock inside me ... come on .. stroke his cock while he fucks me ..." 

I don't let her drop her gaze as I taunt her and she starts squealing as Mick thrusts harder. I drop one hand to find her clit and rub furiously as she makes a circle around his cock. I feel her tighten so he is fucking her hand and my cunt.

His cock swells and I realize he is ready to cum.

"Here he cums ... feel that?" Clare's eyes bug out as her own climax hits and I feel her muscles contracting hard on Mick's cock. Zach shoots hard inside me and I feel spasm after spasm filling me with his cum. His thrusts force his cum out of my own spasming cunt and Clare yells again as he coats her hand with our juices.

My own climax hits as I enjoy the hot, wet sensation of his sperm coating my walls. Every pulse of his climax sends my nerves into overdrive and I convulse in pleasure. I open my eyes to see MIck watching me ride my orgasm. He smiles as I slowly come back down again. Knowing I still have him to satisfy sends aftershocks through me and I shake as he licks his lips at me.

Zach falls away and I feel the emptiness of my well-fucked cunt. An errant breeze has my lips quivering as I feel cum leaking out. I'm panting for breath and sweat still slides across my skin. I feel a hand from behind me and see Jamie on her knees. She is caressing my side as she watches my face. She looks at me with a question in her eyes and I realize she still wants a turn with Mick. Maybe that would be good. I could use some recovery time after that fucking. I look over at Mick to see him nod. I smile back at her and give a languid wave in permission. She smiles back and moves pillows so my head can rest.

Sweet gesture. She's a nice kid and I'm sure Mick will enjoy fucking her. I lie back to enjoy the show and give my starting-to-ache thighs a rest. But instead of moving over to him she leans over to kiss me and fondles my breast. She moves around as we caress lips and she lies down beside me. Her hand drops lower to tease my cunt with her fingers. I gasp into her mouth as she hits my still sensitive clit.

Her mouth drops lower and lower as I feel her body move between my thighs. With a smile she settles down with her ass in the air and legs spread. 

Looking over at Mick she wiggles her ass and says,"Hey, big boy. Why don't you fuck me while I eat your girlfriend?"

Her head drops and I feel her tongue probing inside my cunt. She sucks at the combined cum and juice she finds there. Incredible feelings - I haven't had a guy eat me afterwards and her mouth is raising my temperature again. Mick moves behind her and I see his cock leading the way. She pauses long enough to look back at him and wiggles again.

"I'm wet from watching you. Hard and fast, please. Take me as hard as you can." She throws up a challenge as she turns back to me. This should be interesting.

"Okay," Mick says, spreading her knees and lining his cock with her cunt. "Here goes," he continues and thrusts forward. His thrust pushed her face into my cunt and I feel her gasp at his entry.

Her teeth rake across my clit and sensitive flesh as he thrusts his cock. Catching my eyes he grins as he takes her, watching my reaction to her mouth. It's like he's using her to fuck me at the same time and I groan at the situation. I slide my hands into her hair and my stomach curls my back off the floor as we move together.

Her tongue dives deeply into my cunt with every thrust of his cock. Her arms around my hips hold her firmly in place as she sucks and nibbles at my aroused flesh. I can hear her moaning and squealing as Mick holds her hips higher and fucks upwards, almost lifting her knees off the ground. He's done that to me and I know how full he makes you feel suspended on his cock. My cunt spasms and squirts fresh juices into her mouth as I careen over yet another climax. Mick licks his lips at me sending aftershock through my tortured flesh.

She raises her face and rests her cheek on my stomach as she approaches her own obvious climax. Her eyes are closed hard and face is contorted as she winds her way to exploding.

"Mick, do the thing with her arms," we suddenly hear from Katy. He looks at me as if asking permission.

"I'll help her try it," I say. 

I lift her so she's resting higher on my body, cradling her between my thighs. I hold her hands behind her back and she smiles at me. Our breasts slide across each other as Mick continues to drive his hips. I feel him take her arms and start to pull.

"If this gets too painful he'll stop," I tell her. It can be too much if you don't have the shoulder muscles to take the strain.

As he pulls her back I help support her shoulders so she can adjust to the sensations. I feel Mick widen his knees to force her thighs apart as he fucks harder. Her eyes open in shock as she feels suspended on his hard driving cock. Her mouth opens in a silent gasp and I watch as her skin blushes red from excitement. I can see she's at the edge of her orgasm and slowly drop my support so she feels the full effect of the position.

A wordless cry escapes her mouth as she pulls back and muscles jump under her skin. She's cumming hard and her neck shows the intensity. As she peaks Mick holds her up on his cock and moves his hips in a small circle. She gasps at the added sensation and I reach forward to rub her clit. She drops her head in submission and whimpers as we hold her through the aftershocks.

Mick slowly lets her drop until she is once again resting on me. Her face on my breasts lets me feel her jagged breath move across my tits. I hold her and murmur soft wordless sounds as she recovers.

More applause from around the room with some laughter remind me we still have an audience. Jamie looks up at me with a crooked grin as she asks, "Was that a fair enough trade for you?"

I laugh. "Sweetheart, I've NEVER had a man eat me afterwards. You are welcome to do that anytime!"

"How do you not cum, Mick? I'd have busted a nut three girls ago," said David. Mick just gave a rueful smile as he answered.

"I don't recover very quickly. Once I cum it can take hours to get hard again. But if I keep just below my explosion point I can usually last long enough to get her satisfied." He shrugged. "No one wants a five second wonder."

Katy and I nodded in agreement. "He'll pass out out ten seconds afterwards," she smirked. We laughed as he protested. 

"Okay," she conceded, "it's more like a couple of minutes if you're lucky."

She continued, "I caught him off-guard one night and made him cum in like ten minutes. I was ready for seconds but he needed all night to go again in the morning. I couldn't get him even half hard." 

The girls laughed at her predicament. I tried to find the strength to giggle and various parts of my body are starting to object to the abuse. I wonder how sore my tits will be tomorrow after all the shaking they've endured. Will I even be able to walk? Looking around the room I wonder if any of us six will be good for anything.

Mick sat down beside me and stroked my hair. I smiled and rubbed into his caress closing my eyes. He leaned down to whisper.

"Have you had enough, love," he asked. 

I shook my head in reply. Even knowing I'd be sore I wasn't willing to forgo one more go with him. I'd been fucking for most of the night and wanted a chance to make love before sleeping.

A sudden burst of light from a match as Gwen lit another bowl showed how dark the room had become. The smoke swirled darkly around her face as she sucked the embers bright. She passed it along and I saw my friends in various stages of repose as each took a small hit. Breasts and bodies showed marks of passion. The sweet hash scent couldn't completely banish the heavy smells of sex. Our combined aroma wasn't unpleasant though. The sharper smells of semen were overlaid with female arousal.

"I want to suck you," I said to Mick and ducked my head down his stomach. His cock met me and I opened my lips wide to take him inside. I ran my tongue along the underside and used my hands to slowly stroke him into my mouth. He was leaking pre-cum and I savored his taste - even mixed with other female scents.

He sighed and then groaned as I teasingly bit along his shaft. I hooked a hand behind his knee and raised his leg. I ran my hand up the back of his thigh and teased his ass with a wet finger. He caught his breath and I increased the pressure. 

His hands fell to my body and caressed me as I worked to bring him to orgasm. I doubted he wanted to cum in my mouth but I was willing to let him finish however he wanted. I sucked harder enjoying the feel of him in my mouth. He groaned and his breath quickened.

He suddenly moved and rolled me on my back. My legs opened and knees rose to settle him in the saddle of my thighs. His cock found its way to my opening and I was suddenly filled once again. My walls clung to him and caressed every vein along his length. I met his thrusts with soft cries of passion as we moved together in shared pleasure. Higher and higher my nerves sang songs of arousal as he dropped his head to my neck and bit hard. He sucked at my flesh and I moaned to this fleeting pain.

He lifted my hips and I wrapped my legs around his waist. He hooked my knees and lifted them higher towards my shoulders. My hands clawed at his back as nerve endings start exploding throughout me. He increases his pace and I feel his balls slap my ass. They are tightening and I feel he won't last long. Neither will I as I already feel my cunt starting to spasm.

My mouth opens and gibberish falls from my lips as he suddenly hits his short strokes sending me over the top. My nails dig deep into his flesh as involuntary cramps turn my body rock hard in ecstasy. I explode with a wordless scream as he coats my cunt walls with hot cum. My entire world shrank to the feel of his hot, hard flesh pulsating inside me. 

Shuddering I try not to draw blood under my nails in his back. His weight holding me down is a reassuring comfort as my orgasm and the lingering effects of the hash keep me spinning. Slowly I regain my senses to feel his chest moving against me. I tilt my head up for his kiss to feel his stubble caress my cheek. 

I sigh as my body slowly shudders to a halt. My legs drop to offer him a solid support as he relaxes between my thighs. His breath against my neck slows as he relaxes and I want to never move. This feels perfect - we are so close I feel the beat of his heart through his chest. 

His cock subsides and the slow withdrawal is a kind of torture. I know our separation is inevitable but can't stop the involuntary contractions of my cunt that slowly forces him out. We both twitch as nerves return to rest after an evening of intense stimulation. 

With a final moan I feel him slip from me and he rolls to one side offering me a shoulder and arm to cuddle. His heartbeat is stronger in my ear as I idly trace sweat trails across his body. Our breathing slows as his muscles relax and I feel him sigh. 

I feel a sheet slide across our naked embrace and I see Jamie arranging it around our feet. I smile at her and murmur a thank you. She smiles and bends down to kiss my forehead in a kind of benediction. I feel "put to bed" in some strange manner, as if tucked in with my favorite teddy bear as a child.

As my eyes close in exhausted slumber I hear Katy's voice one last time.

"Like I said ... about two minutes top."