 "30 seconds until this lift is closed," called out the lift attendant as the two skiers made their way through the corral to board. Taking position, they sat down as the seat swung around behind them and shuffled close to one another as they brought down the safety bar. 

Glancing back, Dean noted that they were the last ones that got on the lift. "I guess this is the last run for the day then," he said, smiling at Beth. "Probably a good thing too given how cold it is, I don't want my dick turning into a popsicle!"

"Oh but I like popsicles," Laughed Beth. "And if it really was frozen, you know that I'd thaw it out for you. 

"Well if that's the case, why don't you thaw it out right now then?"

"If you get it out, I'll thaw it for you she laughed, glancing back and forth and noting that there was no one else within viewing distance on the lift. 

"Hold my poles for a sec," Dean said, passing his ski poles to her safe keeping as he fumbled about with his ski pants. He fished around for a minute, working his cock around until he managed to get it to poke out through the various layers that he wore against the cold conditions. 

Beth handed back the ski poles to Dean and then shuffled on the seat until she could lower her mouth into the vicinity of his crotch. "Gee it really is in need of some warmth and love isn't it," she chuckled before closing her lips over the flaccid tip and running her tongue around the head.

"Ahh, now that is soooo much better," Dean sighed as he felt her mouth begin its expert movements on his cock. He hardened quickly in response and Beth worked enthusiastically to ensure that he had no reason to soften again. 

"It doesn't get much better than this," he said, "Beautiful scenery, no one on the runs and a gorgeous chick giving me head; true perfection." Beth simply continued sucking on him, her tongue swirling around the tip as she wrapped a hand around the base and pumped it, pausing only briefly to check how far they were from the end of the lift run.

"You're just lucky this is the longest lift here," she said when they were within a couple of stanchions of the end of the lift. She stopped and advised Dean that he'd have to deal with the disappointment now and wait until later for fulfillment.

"Well I guess I can't really be complaining, can I?" he laughed as he tucked himself away, adjusting his pants to accommodate his erection.

They skied off the lift and turned and headed down the run, enjoying the lack of congestion and the last of the day's beautiful light as they glided and turned their way to the base of the mountain.

"Just the gondola ride off now, and then time for the hot tub!" Beth said as they collected their gear and headed over to the entranceway for the final ride back to the car park.

"Yeah and that's quite a long ride too," Dean grinned. They entered their cabin on the gondola and were quite happy to find that they didn't have to share it with anyone as the door closed and they moved away from the start point on the cable. 

"Hmm, seems it's all fogged up in here," Beth said, grinning at Dean.

"Indeed, I wonder what could cause that?" Dean replied.

"Heavy breathing usually manages to contribute," Beth laughed. 

"Then maybe we should do some," Dean said, moving to kneel between Beth's legs, his hands caressing them, moving up between her thighs, sliding toward her crotch before seizing the fastenings of her ski pants and loosening them. Beth grinned and wiggled her bum around to facilitate their removal. With her pants down around the tops of her snow boots, Beth spread her knees wide and dean moved in between them, his tongue running quickly up her left inner thigh before lightly brushing over her bald pussy lips, dipping quickly between them tasting her. 

He ran his tongue up and down her lips and flicked it over her clit, teasing her before sucking on it hungrily, enjoying the moan of pleasure that escaped Beth's lips as her hands pulled his head to her pussy. 

"Fuck me," she said, "I want your cock in my pussy.

"Turn around then," Dean replied, standing up in the Gondola and dropping his pants to have them fall around the top of his ski boots, his cock hard and ready for action, sticking out before him. Beth turned and placed her gloved hands against the plexi-glass of the Gondola car and thrust her butt back toward Dean as he stood ready to impale her. 

Dean moved in behind, rubbing the head of his cock against her wet, slick pussy lips before pausing with the head nestling against them, intending to slide it slowly within her. Beth had other ideas and needs though and pushed back against him forcibly, causing his cock to slip quickly between her lips. They both groaned as he entered her, then pulled back and thrust again, burying himself completely in her pussy in two easy strokes.

"Oh yeah, fuck me with that nice big cock," Beth cried as Dean started to work his cock in and out of her pussy over and over again, shoving it hard inside her until his balls were slapping against her pussy lips. Beth pushed back against every stroke into her pussy and with the two of them settling into a nice rhythm, the Gondola car started to rock, very slightly at first, but with greater agitation as they continued to fuck.

"Mmm, you make my world move baby," Dean said as he slid in and out of her.

"God that's corny," Beth replied laughing. "I want you to cum in me, fill my pussy with your cum Dean," she added, pushing even harder than before as she enjoyed his spearing cock.

'Oh yeah," Dean said, the act of her asking for it having brought him just past the point of no return," Here it comes baby, I'm going to fill you!" and with that his cock exploded, sending his sperm shooting deep inside her as he left himself buried there, his cock continuing to twitch and flex as his sack was emptied.

The two friends quickly restored their clothing and sat down to enjoy the rest of the ride, kissing quietly and fondling each other with affection.

----------------

"Hot tub time!" Candy called out as she took her vodka drink from the bar and headed toward the back deck of the chalet. As she went, she slipped the track pants that she had been wearing down her legs, stepping out of them to reveal blue bottoms with the Corona brand marked across the butt. Putting her drink down, she shed her t-shirt as well, so that she stood revealed in the rest of the bikini, the left cup of the blue halter top also marked with the Corona brand. 

"Yeah baby!" Beth agreed, clinking her glass against that of her friend before similarly stripping down to reveal a tight, red string-sided bikini. "Get the cover off for us boys." Dean and Jack stood up, taking their drinks with them and carefully made their way across the icy deck to where the hot tub stood in the corner. They took the cover off as the girls stood in the doorway watching and then stepped aside as they quickly went past and climbed the steps before getting into the water. 

Dean went back inside to grab his drink and Jack tore his t-shirt off, dropping it back inside the door, pulled his track pants off and to the delight of the girls already in the water, stepped into the tub in just his boxers.

Dean heard the commotion from outside and decided to go one better, stripping down to nothing and casually walking out the back. He climbed the steps, his cock swinging in the cold air and quickly stepped down the other side as the girls whooped and hollered and Jack gave him shit.

"Nice one!" Beth said, grinning to him and moving to sit beside him, her hand quickly reaching out to grab Dean's cock as he settled in the water. Candy and Jack busied themselves on the other side of the spa and for several minutes there was no talking as they all kissed and fondled their partners. 

The four of them sat and chatted and drank for some time until with their inhibitions completely loosened, everyone getting randier by the minute. Candy insisted that if Beth's boyfriend was going to be naked, hers should be too and she made him stand up in the middle of the spa, his wet boxers draped intimately against him. With his back to the other two, she pulled his pants down, revealing his well toned arse to their friends and his rock hard cock to herself. And although they couldn't actually see, it was clearly apparent that the next thing that she did was take his cock in her mouth and give him a nice long suck.

"You go girl!" Beth called out laughing until both Candy and Jack settled back down in the spa. Beth moved in front of Dean, so that she was sitting with her butt between his legs, one hand behind her back stroking his hard cock as she leaned forward and sipped her drink. For his part, Dean brought his arms around her and as he did so, slid the straps of her bikini from her shoulders before pushing the cups down to expose her breasts. His hands made their way to her tidy little breasts, his fingers teasing at her amazingly long nipples, just beneath the surface of the water.

"We need bubbles!" Beth said, putting her drink down and moving away from Dean long enough to be able to push the control that would start them going. 

Soon the bubbles had obscured from view all that would happen beneath the surface of the water and Dean lowered one of his hands from Beth's breast to tease between her legs, his fingers working at her bald pussy. 

Beth watched as she saw Candy turn around in the water so that she was facing toward Jack and start stroking his cock with her hands. Jacks hands then attacked her bikini top until he was swinging it around his head before throwing it out on the deck. They played like that for awhile until both Beth and Dean had to laugh as Candy's head disappeared under the water, clearly making an attempt to blow Jack in that fashion. 

As she did, her butt was thrust back toward the opposite side of the spa where Dean and Beth sat, Beth still nestled happily between her friend's legs.

Feeling naughty, Beth slipped a foot out in front of her, slicing it through the water until it ran up against Candy's inner thigh. She didn't stop there though, but rubbed the foot up and down the thigh several times before allowing it to come up and contact her pussy. Candy flinched for a moment and Beth was about to stop, but Candy simply kept bobbing down into the water a few times. And each time she went under the water, Beth would slide her foot up her friend's leg to caress her pussy.

Candy sat back between Jack's legs, laughing at her attempts to blow him under the water. "Sorry babe, but I'm not a fish, I just can't hold my breath long enough," she said to him.

"Hey, no complaints from me, that was great," he said.

"Go on, you try, Beth" Candy said, a glint of mischief in her eye, looking curiously from Beth to Dean and back again as if trying to ascertain something.

"No, my ears get all funny if I go under the water," Beth said. 

"Hey poor me another drink dude!" Jack said as he drained his glass. Dean reached over and grabbed the bottle, but discovered it was empty.

"Bummer, looks like you're getting cold mate," Dean said as he displayed the empty to his friend."

"No way, I went last time." A brief 'discussion' ensured which resulted in a rock, paper, scissors settlement of just who would be getting out of the water. Jack lost and reluctantly climbed from the spa and went inside, leaving Candy alone with Beth and Dean. 

"Stand up," Beth said to Candy as soon as Jack was inside.

"Why?"

"So I can check out your tits," Beth said.

Candy laughed at her, "Why would you want to do that?" 

Beth stood up, "'cause I want to see some that are a bit bigger than my tiny little things," she said, pulling on her nipples. 

"Holy crap, look how long your nipples are!" Candy said, standing up to join her friend in the centre of the spa, the sight of her friend's extraordinary nipples causing her to forget her moment of 'why?' Dean simply sat watching, bemused at the sudden breast comparison that he was fortunate enough to witness. 

"And look how sexy your tits are," Beth replied, taking in the sight of Candy's full, firm c cup breasts. She reached out with her hands and cupped them, Candy jumping with a start.

"Beth!" she said loudly, pushing her friend's hands off of her tits.

"Sorry," Beth said, obviously disappointed, "I just couldn't help myself. 

"What's going on here then?" Jack said, returning with a fresh bottle of rum from inside, his eyes travelling over the sight of the two topless girls standing in the centre of spa. 

"Oh just a little boob envy," Beth laughed. Jack only had eyes for Beth's pert little breasts and the elongated nipples that stood out from them as he clambered back into the spa, his cock rising at the sight of the two girls. 

Dean reached up to Beth's waist just before she sat down saying, 'Hey, why are these still on?" and with that said, grabbed her red bikini bottoms and went to tug them down. The wet fabric didn't slide particularly well though and Beth laughed at him.

"Hell if you want them off, just ask!" she said and with that started gyrating her hips seductively, her fingers hooking in the waist band, moving it up and down, threatening to take them down, to reveal her nice slick pussy, but not quite getting there. Candy and the boys all encouraged her and moved to one side of the spa, giving her the other for her stage. Beth lapped up the attention and continued to dance, her nipples continuing to poke from her breasts in the cold mountain air. Eventually she turned to face away from them, her legs crossed and she slid the bikini down over her butt, until they met resistance where she'd crossed her legs, her pussy lips peeking cheekily from between her thighs. Then she stood again and turned to face them as she pushed them down the remaining length of her athletic legs before standing up and throwing her arms up with a "Tada!" 

All three of them looked with varying degrees of lust on Beth's taut body, her small breasts flattened against her chest with her arms stretched above her head and her bald pussy glistening with the moisture from the spa. She quickly moved and sat back down next to Dean, sighing as the she managed to envelope her body back in the warm water. 

"Can-dy, Can-dy, Can-dy!" Beth started chanting, clapping her hands, letting her know exactly what she expected now.

Candy laughed and took up the spot that had been left vacant, standing up and bowing. She turned away from them and put her hands over her impressive tits before turning around and beginning her own sexy dance, teasing them by almost revealing her breasts, slipping one hand then the other across both of them, or just having her fingers hiding her nipples.

Once she'd finally revealed them, she proceeded to teasingly play with her bikini bottom, much as Beth had done until she too stood with her arms upraised, her considerably larger breasts standing delightfully firm for everyone to appreciate, her pussy revealed to show a thin landing strip of pubic hair leading down toward her hairless pussy lips. 

Beth jumped up, clapping, "That was so hot!" she said and took her friend in a hug, crushing their chests together. Dean and Jack grinned at each other as they saw their naked girlfriends embrace one another. Candy hugged Beth back but then Beth completely surprised her by planting her mouth on her friend and trying to slip her tongue between her lips. 

Candy pulled back in shock, "Beth!" was all she managed to say.

"Haven't you ever wondered about kissing a girl?" Beth asked, grinning.

"Well yeah, but ..." she didn't get any further as Beth kissed her again, this time with Dean and Jack high fiving each other and cheering as they watched the two girls going at it. Beth may have been surprised and even reluctant, but she have quickly overcame it because the kiss was long and passionate, with the girl's hands resting on each other's hips.

As they broke apart and sat back down, Dean looked at his girlfriend and said, "That was so fucking hot!"

"You don't know the half of it," Beth said, grinning, her face flushed, "I've always wanted to try that and it was every bit as good as I'd hoped." She glanced at Candy who simply grinned and nodded in return.

"Now can I play with your tits?" Beth asked, turning back to face Candy again.

"Fuck yes," Candy said. Beth moved to where Candy was sitting and reached out to start playing with her tits as she leaned in for another kiss. 

"Come on Dean, don't just sit there," she said just before locking lips with the other girl. Dean was too busy watching for a moment to think of moving, but quickly recovered, the ache in his rock hard cock giving him motivation. He moved in behind Beth and wrapped his arms around her, his cock pressed up against her butt as he started playing with Beth's tits, pulling and tugging on her nipples as he knew she liked him too. 

When he felt Candy's hand reach out and touch Beth's tit, he let it go so that he could push his hand down between himself and Beth and move his cock so that it was between her legs and resting up against her pussy. He was then surprised to find that Beth placed her hand on his and moved it from her tit to Candy's squeezing with him against the full firm flesh of their friend. 

Candy seemed too busy kissing Beth to either realise or care who it was that was playing with her tits and so Dean didn't do anything to change it. 

For his part, Jack had his hands between Candy's legs, his fingers playing at her slit as she participated in the fun. 

"I need to be fucked!" Beth suddenly declared. She stood up in the water and shook the water from her hair. Candy moved to sit alongside Jack and then Beth put her hands on the seat between the two of them.

"Put that fat cock in my pussy Dean," she told him. Dean eyed the view he'd been presented with and stood up, moving until he once again had his cock resting against his girlfriend's pussy from behind. Without hesitation, he started to work and drive his cock into her until she was sighing and grunting with the pleasure of his efforts. Candy moved to kiss her friend as she was fucked and with one hand on the seat, Beth moved her right hand to Jack's crotch, grabbing his hard cock and stroking it. 

"I want to suck you Jack. Can I suck his cock Candy?" Beth asked, amazed at how horny she was, at how wild she was being, amazed at the feeling of a stiff cock in her hand whilst she was fucked from behind. 

"Yes," Candy said breathily as her hand reached out to play with Beth's tit, the long nipple folding against the palm of her hand as she grazed it over it's length. Jack all but leapt out of the water, moving to sit on the edge of the hot tub in front of Beth. Beth simply eyed the large erect cock before her and then lowered her mouth over it, swirling her tongue around it until she couldn't take any more. Candy stood up so that she could kiss Jack as their friend blew him, reaching with one hand to caress his balls, pulling gently but firmly on them and Dean just kept pumping his cock into Beth's pussy over and over again. 

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna blow," Dean said from behind and Beth stopped what she was doing to turn around quickly and take him in her mouth. She grabbed his shaft with her hand and pumped it, as her mouth vacuumed him, his cum bursting in a warm salty explosion within her mouth. Beth sucked it all down and swallowed. 

"Sit next to Jack Candy," Beth said to her friend, turning to face the two of them again, wiping a trace of cum seductively back into her mouth. Candy looked at Beth skeptically, not sure where this was headed. "Come on Candy, do it for me," Beth pleaded. 

Candy saw the look of pure lust and desire on her friend's face and decided that she wanted to explore the crazy direction that things had taken tonight. She sat up in the cold air next to Jack, giving his cock a quick stroke as she turned to kiss him. Beth moved up to where they sat and moved between Jack's legs. Candy had her hand wrapped around his shaft, stroking it up and down and Beth simply leaned in and sucked on the head of his cock some more as she pumped him. Her left hand ran up the inside of Candy's legs until she was able to feel her wet pussy lips. They dallied there, playing and exploring whilst she worked her mouth on the cock.
