 Cross-country skiing. It was a new interest of Sarah's. Now in her mid-thirties, she'd only recently discovered it - but she already loved it. The Swiss alpine landscapes were breathtaking -- that was why she frequently went here on vacation - but the slopes were crowded, the skiers rowdy, and the socialization always heavily alcohol-fueled. She, too, liked to relax with a drink when she got back in the evening -- but during the day she loved the solitude and felt it allowed her to fully enjoy the spectacular views of the snow-covered mountains and valleys around her.

It was a beautiful sunny day, and she had been on her skis making her way through the valley since just after breakfast. Skiing at a steady pace, passing a tall cliff face rising on her right, she knew that turning the corner after that, she would come to a small town where she planned to have a cup of coffee. Sarah hummed a little tune to herself as she went on her way, turned the corner, and...

What?

The town she expected wasn't there. The snow-covered ground fell slightly to her right -- half a mile further a forest began. And in front of her was just more pristine, white show -- in the far distance a couple of mountain tops she didn't immediately recognize. Was she lost? Well, she figured, she'd probably deviated from the route she'd planned by making a wrong turn somewhere -- but where?

She peeled off one of her heavy gloves and looked at her phone. No signal. That wasn't unexpected in this part of the Alps -- but it meant she wouldn't be able to place herself on a map via GPS. Of course, she could always turn around, retrace her steps, and find the place where she'd made a mistake -- but that would be boring. Better to find out where she was -- and figure out a shortcut to get back on track. But how? She might have gone too far east or west -- but she wasn't sure which.

"Fuck!" she said.

Time to make a decision. It wasn't noon yet -- and she could go on quite a way further and still have no problem making it home before dark. On the other hand, if she didn't find a shortcut, she'd have only the most uninspiring option of going back the way she'd come.

Sarah sighed, her breath forming a white cloud in the freezing cold air. She decided to go on for half an hour more -- and if nothing turned up, she'd turn around and go home. Since she didn't know the area, there might possibly be another little village nearby.

As she went on, the forest on her left-hand side got closer and closer to the path -- tall, snow-covered pine trees. And eventually, the path turned left around the edge of the woods. Perhaps there'd be something there that'd give her a clue.

The path opened up to a wide, snowy terrain. On the right, far up on the mountainside, was a small cottage, smoke rising from its chimney. And on the path in front of her stood two male figures, smoking and chatting. Great! She figured they'd be the residents of the little cottage. They'd definitely know the area and would be able to guide her back on track.

"Hello!" Sarah called as she approached.

They didn't react -- they were probably still out of hearing range -- and coming closer, she called again:

"Hello!"

The men turned around and watched her as she swiftly skied closer and closer, coming to a halt right next to them. They were younger than her -- probably no more than 25 -- one was quite pale and blue-eyed, the other darker with hazel eyes -- pretty handsome, both of them. Their heavy winter clothes disguised their figures, but they both had a definite athletic look about them. They smiled at her kindly, and Sarah immediately felt at ease.

"Hi," the pale one said.

"I'm sorry," Sarah begun. "But I'm afraid I'm lost. I made a wrong turn somewhere, so... could you just tell me where I am?"

The men smiled, moving closer. The dark one dropped his cigarette and ground it into the snow with his boot.

"Sure," he replied. "You're here with us, and don't worry -- we'll take good care of you."

He put his arm around Sarah's shoulder.

"Okay," she said. "But what I meant was... Wait a minute. Are you coming on to me?"

She looked from one to the other. Their smiles were still friendly -- but also slightly lustful. Well, she thought, two young guys lusting after a woman my age. That's somewhat flattering.

"So what if we were?" the pale one asked quietly.

"Well, I..." she began.

She looked around her. Snow everywhere. Somehow this was a rather unlikely setting.

"So you've never been a snow bunny?" the dark one asked.

"A... a what?" Sarah replied.

"Let's have a look at you," the pale one said.

He pulled off her woolen hat, and Sarah's red hair fell in waves down to her shoulders.

"Nice," the dark one said.

He began unbuttoning her ski suit.

"Wait," she said. "What are you doing?"

He didn't reply. And she didn't fight it. More than anything, she was just curious to see what he'd do. How far he'd go. Seconds later, he'd removed her ski suit and boots. Sarah felt the cold air seeping through the fabric of her leggings and long-sleeved undershirt. That was always the most boring part of skiing, she thought -- the dressing up in layer upon layer. The dark man handed the ski suit to his friend, who folded it up neatly and laid it on the ground next to them. Then she felt a gloved hand on her breast.

"Hey?" she protested.

The dark man grinned, squeezing her breast through the shirt.

"Well," he said cheerfully. "What have we here?"

Sarah sighed. Yes, she had rather large breasts. Which were of course sure to catch the attention of men -- when that was what she wanted. But when it wasn't, she detested how much time she had to spend covering them up -- to avoid having every guy she met leering at her. And now, of course, they had caught the attention of the two young men. No surprise there: Young men always loved a nice rack. And why not, she thought -- they were nice guys -- and good-looking, too. Might as well just play along.

"Yeah?" she said playfully. "Wanna look at my titties?"

The two men grinned awkwardly. Of course -- they weren't sure whether she really meant it. After all, they were just boys at heart -- excited at the thought of a pair of naked boobs. It was sort of sweet, really -- men were so easy -- utterly at the mercy of their sexual urges.

Sarah reached behind her back and up underneath her undershirt, undid her bra, and threw it in the snow. Then she lifted up the shirt, proudly displaying her large, shapely breasts. She could only just hear the men quietly gasping at the sight. The air felt cold on her skin, but this was worth it.

"So?" she asked. "Do you like what you see?"

"Wow," the pale man asked. "You've got your own set of Alps right there."

The dark man bent down, picked up a handful of fresh, light snow, and dropped it on Sarah's left breast.

"Ah!" she gasped as she felt the freezing cold on her skin.

"Snow-capped mountains," the dark man grinned.

He took another handful of snow and rubbed it all across her breast. The icy cold had come as a bit of a shock, but as the snow melted into cool water, running across her skin, it was not at all unpleasant. She felt her nipples growing stiff and hard.

Impatiently, the dark man removed her undershirt and leggings and finally pulled down her panties -- and Sarah stood completely naked in the snow. The pale man pulled off his glove and put his hand between her thighs.

"Spread your legs," he whispered.

Sarah stood with her legs apart and felt how his fingers began to gently stroke her clit. She closed her eyes and sighed:

"Aaah..."

Suddenly, the pleasant sensation was broken by another shock of icy cold. As she opened her eyes, she saw that dark man was rubbing another handful of snow into her cunt, his friend still masturbating her. Sarah thrust her pelvis forward, letting them have their way.

"Yes," she gasped. "More! Don't stop!"

Grinning viciously, the dark man scooped of handful after handful of snow, spreading it all over her naked, sensitive flesh. The pale man dropped to his knees and buried his face between Sarah's thighs, licking up the melting snow as his tongue danced across her stiffening clit.

"Oh!" she gasped. "Oh! Oh!"

The dark man was breathing heavily now.

"You like that, huh?" he said. "Get on your knees. Now!"

The pale man let go of her cunt, and naked and shivering, Sarah knelt down in the snow, The dark man unzipped his ski pants, and his thick, bulging cock jumped out, fully erect. His hard-on was so powerful it managed to push his heavy coat up and out of the way. Sarah opened her mouth and guided the hot, throbbing member in between her lips. He gasped.

"Yeah!" he said. "Good girl!"

She sucked his shaft hard, slobbering noisily. The cock swelled and throbbed on her tongue. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the pale man unzipping his one-piece snow suit, pulling it off, and standing naked in front of her. He was quite skinny, but athletic, too. His pubes were red and his cock fully erect. Not as thick as his friend's, but significantly longer, curving up a bit. Sarah swiftly grabbed a handful of snow and spread it all over his hairy balls.

"Ah!" he cried. "Fuck yeah! That feels good..."

Still vigorously sucking the dark man's cock, Sarah scooped up handful after handful of light, crisp snow, rhythmically rubbing it all over the pale man's balls and shaft. The heat of his skin soon melted it, and ice-cold water dripped from his twitching cock.

The dark man grabbed her hair, thrusting his rigid member into her wet mouth in a relentless rhythm. Sarah gagged as the head of his cock poked the back of her throat. The pale man stood right next to them, grinning as he masturbated at the sight.

Finally, the dark man pulled his cock from her mouth with a loud "pop". It twitched and bulged before her eyes.

"Lie down!" he ordered.

Sarah trembled from cold and excitement.

"But..." she protested. "It's freezing."

"We'll keep you warm," the dark man replied. "Don't worry."

He grabbed her arm and pulled her to the ground. She felt her body sinking into a soft drift of snow. The dark man pulled off his woolen cap and his heavy coat. Now both men stood naked above her, their powerful erections throbbing in the cold air. Sarah reached for her clit, letting them watch as she slowly masturbated, spreading her legs to reveal the pink insides of her cunt. The men grunted with lust.

"So..." she whispered. "Who wants to go first?"

As the pale man knelt down next to her, she saw a strange, elongated object gleaming in his hand. It was shaped like a male member, but transparent like glass. Not until he pushed the thing against her labia and she felt the freezing cold did she realize it was made of ice.

"Aaah!" she screamed as he plunged the icy dildo deep into her cunt. "Aaah!"

Sarah thrashed about in the snow as the pale man vigorously drove the frozen tool in and out of her warm flesh. She felt its surface melting, cold water mixing with her warm female juices, as he kept fucking her with the icicle cock. The dark man masturbated at the sight.

"Yeah," he whispered hoarsely. "Keep going. Give it to her good."

Sarah felt her juices gushing hot and abundant around the ice dildo as the pale man drove it into her cunt again and again. And though she could feel it melting, it didn't seem to lose any of its girth or rigidity. And slowly, she felt it driving her closer and closer to a powerful orgasm. This is madness, she thought -- I'm lying naked in the snow, while a complete stranger is fucking me with a cock made of ice. And it's about to make me come.

A split second later, Sarah surrendered to the climax.

"Ohhh!" she screamed, digging her nails into the now. "Ohhh! Ohhh!"

Her entire body quivered and squirmed. The dark man was masturbating like mad, a droplet of clear fluid glistening on the tip of his cock.

"Fuck yeah!" he grunted. "I want some of that pussy. Right now!"

His pale friend pulled the ice dildo from Sarah's trembling cunt. Swiftly, the dark man assumed the position between her legs and forced his fat cock into her cunt.

"Aaah!" he yelled.

Sarah was still shaking from her orgasm - but he immediately began fucking her -- long deep strokes, letting her feel every inch of his swollen shaft. She knew that he it wouldn't be long before she came again -- she could feel the pleasure building as her succulent flesh yielded to his fat, thrusting cock. She threw her head back and looked up into the bright blue sky, her eyelids fluttering in ecstasy. Next to them the pale man stood, carefully licking her juices off the ice dildo.

She felt a sudden shock of cold on her skin. The dark man was once again scooping up handfuls of snow and spreading them all over her breasts. Her nipples were painfully hard. He increased his pace, driving his bulging tool deep into her cunt. He grabbed her wrists, pinning her down in the snow as he kept fucking her.

"Ohmigod!" she gasped, out of breath. "Ohmigod!"

"Yeah?" the dark man shouted in excitement. "Are you gonna come again? Come on! Come on!"

"Yeees!" Sarah screamed as another orgasm surged through her. "Aaah! Aaah!"

Juices gushed from her quivering slit, gushed over the dark man's thick, thrusting cock, gushed all over her thighs and dripped into the frozen snow. The dark man pulled out, his swollen member shiny with her juices. He looked at his friend.

"Your turn," he gasped.

His friend gave a grunt of lust as he positioned himself between Sarah's thighs and steered his long cock towards her still trembling cunt. She whimpered helplessly as he entered her.

"Aaah," he sighed as he buried the entire length of his shaft inside her flesh. "That's good pussy!"

"Fuck her!" the dark man ordered. "Fuck her goddamn brains out!"

With a loud grunt, the pale man began thrusting, hard and deep in a fast, insistent rhythm, pushing her entire body back and forth in the cold snow. Sarah whimpered helplessly, which seemed to turn him on even more. He fucked her like a madman.

"Yeeeah!" he yelled. "You like that, huh? You dirty little slut."

"Yes!" Sarah cried, writhing in ecstasy. "I love it. Fuck me!"

He pulled all the way out with each thrust, letting her feel the entire length of his impressive cock every time he entered her cunt again. She felt her ass digging deeper and deeper into the soft snow by the sheer force of his fucking. The dark man watched them, stroking his fat tool at the sight. Clear fluid dripped from its tip. Now and then he grabbed a handful of snow and spread it all over his shaft and balls, making his cock stretch and jump. He was almost drooling with lust.

Sarah dug her fingers deep into the cold snow, stretching her entire body as she felt another orgasm approaching.

"Ah!" she cried. "Ah! Ah! Ah!"

"You're gonna come?" the pale man gasped. "Are you? Huh?"

"Yes!" Sarah cried. "Oh, yes! Don't stop! Aaah!"

As the orgasm surged through her, she pushed her trembling cunt up against the pale man's pelvis. She felt his rigid tool jump and contract inside her. The dark man stumbled to his knees next to her face.

"Uhhh!" he groaned. "Open your mouth! Open wide!"

And as she felt the first spurt of the pale man's spunk shooting deep into her pussy, she parted her lips and let his friend slip his cock inside her mouth.

"Aaah!" the pale man cried. "Yeahhh!"

Almost immediately, the dark man started ejaculating, too. Sarah's entire body shook in the throes of her climax -- and simultaneously she felt the two men coming inside her -- one in her cunt, one in her mouth -- felt their hot sperm firing into her with great force.

"Mmm," she moaned. "Mmm..."

The two men groaned and yelled in ecstasy:

"Yeah!" "Aaah!" "Huh!" "Take it!" "Take it all!" "Yes!"

Finally, the men froze, holding still inside her, savoring the sensations of pleasure. Sarah was still trembling, every fiber in her body still electrified by orgasm. She swallowed mouthful after mouthful of the dark man's semen -- and felt his friend's spunk slowly ooze from her cunt and drip into the snow.

The pale man was the first to pull out. He rolled over and lay on his back next to her.

"Fuuuck!" he gasped. "Damnit! That's was fucking hot."

His friend pulled his cock from her mouth and sat in the snow on her other side.

"Oh, yeah," he agreed. "I came so hard I can't believe it."

Breathing deeply, Sarah reached out and stroked them both.

"Mmm," she purred. "I loved it. You big, naughty boys..."

The pale man laughed.

"You really are a snow bunny," he replied. "Aren't you?"

The dark man looked at his wristwatch.

"Wait," he said. "It's going to be dark soon."

Sarah looked at the horizon and saw the sun slowly sinking over the snowy mountains.

"You can stay with us if you like," the pale man said. "Then we'll get you back on the trail tomorrow. We have a spare room."

"If you like," the dark man added.

Sarah nodded.

"Fine," she said. "Sounds good."

The two men stood up. One grabbed her arms and one her legs. She laughed in surprise as the naked men carried her through the snow and up the path to the small cabin. As they opened the door, she felt the heat against her cold, naked skin. The fire glowed and crackled in the fireplace, throwing dancing orange shapes on the wooden walls.

They gently placed her on a couch. The pale man drew a woolen blanket over her, as the dark man went back outside. Moments later he returned, carrying all of their clothes. He dropped them in a bundle on the floor.

"Want to get dressed?" he asked.

Sarah shook her head. The men smiled.

"Neither do we," the pale man replied.

They each sat down naked in an armchair in front of the fire. For a while, no one said a word. They all stared into the fireplace, listening to the fire rumble and snap. Sarah's cheeks blushed. She stretched out lazily on the couch.

"You know?" she said. "I think today was my lucky day."

The men looked at each other and smiled. Then they slowly nodded. Nodded in a way that Sarah couldn't quite comprehend.