 This is the first part of a previously published second part. Either can be read alone but they make more sense if read together. Comments are welcome.

*

Author's notes. The story is from a 70's British girl's' point of view. Snog = make out session without sex. Shag = sex. Chuffed = happy. 

*****

Let me just say right up front that I am not in the habit of having multiple lovers. Especially not one after another after another in some wanton frenzy of lust. My guy and I may be very sexually active and not afraid to try new things but we are young and in love (not just in lust) and very committed to each other. 

There had been some times where we've been intimate while on a double-date and the other couple was nearby, if not exactly in view. We didn't always have a private place to snog or shag so we took what we could get whenever we could. And what I'm about to share with you was one of those situations.

Mick wasn't my first boyfriend or even my first lover but once we met I understood the difference between teenage infatuation and being deeply in love. 

Luckily, Mick was the same way with me. While previous lovers had sometimes got me to climax, with Mick it was a constant event as he played my body like a well-tuned instrument. His rewards were my multiple climaxes as my cunt would try to eat him whole and very loud moans of pleasure. Not that he complained at all, as once he got me through my first climax he had a wild ride to enjoy. I would completely blank out the world and focus only on what we did together. His back bore testimony to my passions with several healing scratches.

We'd known each other for some time before we started dating as we belonged to the same theater club. I'd joined while still in school and continued after graduating along with several others. Mick had done the same but joined the Army out of school and returned to theater when he was stationed back in the area.

The theater group was an odd lot who had attended one of three local schools. School drama clubs tend to be very conservative so as not to offend the parents but this group did what was considered "experimental" theater. We did street theater and did some of the edgier plays, especially as we all reached maturity. 

Even in this group we had our cliques and I certainly belonged to one. 

There were five of us girls who chummed around almost all the time. When one of us had a new boyfriend he was sort of absorbed into the group and expected to go along with whatever we were doing. Most of the lads we dated were from the theater group so after a few years together any one of us could look around the room and see several old boyfriends with new girlfriends. It wasn't unusual for us to pass a boyfriend along after we'd satisfied our mutual curiosity. 

Katherine (Katy) and I had even done this once on a double-date. Started the evening with one and finished with the other. The boys didn't seem to mind either as they each had a chance for a polite snog with both of us during the evening.

Me? Oh, I'm Claire. Not to be confused with the other Clare as we don't look much alike. I'm about 5'6'' and slender with smallish breasts. Light brown eyes that match my brunette hair and lots of freckles. Clare is shorter at 5'4' and an ash-blonde with blue eyes and much larger breasts. Katy is our red-head with freckles and clear white skin that almost glows in the moonlight. She and I have similar builds but she got more in the boobs while I have a tighter set of buns. Gwen is our Welsh lass who has a wonderful lilt to her speech and swears in Welsh when she gets excited. She has a classic hourglass figure with wide hips and heavy breasts. The last member of our pack is Glenda who is much taller at 5'10". She has long blonde hair, green eyes, and long legs. She also has firm breasts so she rarely wears a bra even when we were in school.

As I said, we were an odd group but one thing we'd had during our awkward teenage years was a lot of support and security as we explored all the wonderful hormone things together. We partied together so we had seen quite a bit of nakedness and intimate behavior in darkened rooms as music throbbed in the background. All us girls played sports we so managed to stay fit even as we left school and started our adult lives.

Mick came back to the theater by dating Katy who was really chuffed by finding him again. She confided to me she'd lusted after him while they were in school but hadn't been able to get his attention back then. After a few weeks of bumping belly buttons they had amiably stopped dating as a couple although he continued running around with our little clique.

I'd been dating David for some time when Mick showed back up but we'd just reached the same point ourselves. David was still fairly new to the theater group as I'd found him at a dance. Once he realized how we handled casual boyfriends, he asked if it would be okay for him to ask Katy out. Since she was intrigued it worked out fine for me, too. He'd been a really good lover and I knew Katy had heard me with him more than once.

Mick asked if this meant he was allowed to ask me as well. Katy gave me a knowing wink and smirk as I accepted. Oddly enough, he and I never really had much to do with each other while we were in school. Even when he'd dated one of my clique we'd never been in close proximity so he was mostly a mystery to me. Not to say I didn't know something about him as we girls always shared stories about the various guys (and rated their sexual performances). But he'd really matured while serving and I found him a lot more interesting as an adult. The training had him really fit and he exuded a new confidence.

So we went dancing one weekend and I found he had some great moves and could keep up with me. This was the disco era and he knew some routines - even some I hadn't learned yet. As we chatted he had me laughing as he told stories about where he had lived and he listened carefully to what I shared back. 

As the evening wore on I found his personal aroma intoxicating. Unlike some guys who start stinking as they sweat, he just smelled better and better. I happily snuggled closer during the slow dances and enjoyed the sensations he was creating in my body. When he asked me if I would share a room with him that night I was happy to say yes.

Well, he blew my mind and I'm surprised we weren't interrupted and asked to leave because of all the noise I was making. Even now I shiver when I think about our first night together - at least what I can remember of it. He had me in positions I didn't know you could use and seemed determined to find out if I had a limit to orgasms. 

I have a memory of leaning out the open window and grunting into the night as cold rain fell on me while he fucked me hard from behind. Every time I climaxed he would change positions and start me all over again.

But that is another story.

This story happens several months later when we all got invitations to attend a Mid-summer party hosted by Gwen at her parents place in the country. This wasn't the first time we'd partied out there and the great thing about it was it was a vacation place, not a regular house. There were large rooms with cushions and futons, plus several smaller bedrooms. It was private enough we could be generally noisy although Gwen's parents would always let the local police know we had permission to be there. There was a private wood and small meadow where most of our partying happened (weather permitting).

About 25 - 30 of the theater group were able to make the trip including all my girlfriends. Katy was still with David, Gwen was with Stuart, Glenda had settled down with Thomas (Tom), and Clare with Zachary (Zack).

When we arrived, we found that two of the smaller rooms had been filled with furniture so the five of us claimed a room to share that had some hard backed chairs. We moved them into dividers and created some illusion of privacy although it was obvious that everyone would hear the others if not see them as well. We giggled as we sorted out the "sleeping" arrangements knowing that privacy wasn't high on the agenda at Mid-summer anyway.

We're not pagans but over the years we've done our share of moonlit dancing around bonfires. We usually wear some loose dresses and go barefoot with our hair unbound but one year found us all naked by the end of the evening. The lads were equally naked and watching all their cocks bouncing around was loads of fun. That was the year I got tied naked over the big oak tree limb by Zack (but that's another story too).

Yes, I'd been intimate with Zack and snogged a bit with Tom when we dated but we were friends more than lovers. Stuart and I had only ever exchanged mistletoe kisses and such but I'd seen him naked and snogging with Katy back when they dated. As I said, odd group but we were all friends and friendly with each other.

As the day turned to evening we made sure there was enough firewood for the bonfire, enough various drinks to keep us buzzing gently, and enough food to keep us grounded. Gwen had managed to score some hash so we knew there would be munchies later to satisfy. We're not dope fiends either - but a little smoke between friends was quite acceptable at our parties.

The evening was balmy as the shadows lengthened over the grounds around us. You could hear the early owls hunting the hedgerows as the world quieted. Mid-summer is always magical to me, even when it decides to pour down all day. Somehow we always find enough time to bonfire and dance in between showers. One year it rained so hard the meadow was almost a swamp and we finished the night covered in mud.

We changed into our festival clothes - peasant skirts and muslin tops - no bras of course, and at least two of us had decided to forego panties this year. My skirt was a simple wrap-around that tucked on one side. It would expose my leg up my thigh if I took long steps. My top had a deep neckline with a string to close and tie it off that I left completely loose. If I bent forward you'd see all the way down my front and both pieces were transparent with light behind them. 

I had no delusions about where I expected this night to go. I wanted Mick to ravish me for several hours starting sometime this evening. I was looking forward to it with anticipation that had me teasingly moist. Katy was in the same condition and I could tell most of the other girls had similar intentions with their boyfriends tonight. Mick and a few of the others had decided on linen shirts with kilts for the evening.

There were a dozen girls for our first circle dance as the boys clapped us through the steps. I could feel the heat of the bonfire behind me as I twirled my way around the circle. My hem and top floated out in soft swirls showing more and less skin to our appreciative audience. I wasn't the only one in light clothing. It was warm enough a couple of girls were in halter tops and skirts. We danced and teased our way around the bonfire as the music pulled our feet along.

The boys were out next in some jig that proved they had tasted the spirits already this evening. I privately hoped they didn't over indulge to point of being impotent for their dates. Mick and Zack showed the others some complicated steps Mick claimed to have learned from a Scot. There was a lot of laughing involved and someone decided a forfeit was due.

More mead was brought out and we celebrated either winning or losing - it didn't really make much difference.

Gwen started a bowl of hash around our little group and I inhaled a smooth dark smoke when it was my turn. I watched some of the couples dancing to the music from a portable unit and could hear laughter all around us. It was nice, mellow group of friends who seemed very relaxed.

Mick claimed me for a dance and we wove our bodies together whenever the steps called for closer contact. It felt like I was floating at times as the light breezes teased my increasingly hot body. Mick wasn't shy about caressing me either through my clothes or sliding inside to squeeze a breast or cheek. As the night wore on my skirt parted higher and higher on my thigh as we danced to the tunes. 

When dances moved us to other partners the caresses would often continue. 

David held me at some polite distance until I brazenly moved against him and guided his hand to my bare breast. 

I smiled and let him taste my lips knowing that Katy would reap the rewards of my arousal. I dropped a hand to his cock and felt the sturdy flesh that had pleasured me so well in the past. With a teasing squeeze I danced away to another partner and watched Gwen take my place in his arms. He smiled as we danced away.

The night progressed as we took our breaks to catch our breath. Whenever I sat on Mick's lap I would lean against his naked chest and inhale his scent. He had removed his shirt at some point or someone had removed it for him. Knowing these girls, I suspected the latter. His hands would wander across my naked flesh raising shivers that raced through my body and kept me wet. 

Close to midnight and couples have disappeared into the darkness of the surrounding trees. The odd sound or movement betrayed their activities as the group around the bonfire declines in numbers. 

One couple (Jeff and Deborah) are fucking beside the fire oblivious to the party around them. I see Gwen kneel down to offer them a pipe and holds it as they take turns inhaling the smoke. Deborah smiles and reaches up to kiss Gwen as Jeff plows his cock into her cunt. Gwen caresses a breast of the girl below her and moves away with a smile.

Mick's hand was under my top caressing my nipple as we chat with our friends. I'm having a hard time concentrating on anything but the sensations he is creating and drop my hand to his thigh below the kilt. Sliding up I find his cock hard and wet as I hold him gently in my hand. I start to stroke him determined to make him lose the thread of the conversation. 

Looking down I can see his caresses have my breasts exposed although the only ones looking are those who have seen them before. My nipples are hardening to the night air and his touch as Clare laughs softly at my predicament.

I whisper in his ear, "Are you ready to fuck me senseless, my love?" 

Licking his earlobe I growl my desires to him. I stick my tongue out at Clare as we rise together and walk towards our room. We aren't the only lovers seeking a firm place.

I can just see Susan on her knees in the shadows before her boyfriend sucking eagerly - his eyes have rolled back and he's leaned against a wall as she works her magic on him. She smiles around his cock and winks at me. I smile back and waggle my tongue at her. Further in the darkness I can hear a girl grunting in rhythm but they are hidden from view. 

I want my mattress - I want my man driving me senseless as he caresses me to orgasm over and over again.

In our dark room I can hear Glenda and Tom moving together as we walk past to the end of the room. There's a hint of moonlight spilling across our covers as a late evening cloud obscures the sky. Everything darkens as I turn to Mick.

His eyes are glowing as I cross my arms and lift my top over my head. I drop it to one side and reach for the tuck in my skirt. It falls free and my own scent reaches out from my aroused cunt. Mick pulls at the tuck of his kilt and it follows my clothes to the floor. His cock juts out proud and strong as he devours me with his eyes. I sink to my knees before him and smile with my hands on my spread thighs.

It's an invitation. I'm inviting him to do what he wants with me. Anything but leave me alone. I think I would crawl after him begging for his touch if he turned away now. My breasts move as I breathe deeply, preparing myself for the physical exertions to follow.

With a smile, Mick steps forward and guides his cock between my lips. His salty head slides across my tongue as he bumps towards my throat. I swallow, inviting his cock deeper and hum my pleasure at this exploration. He pulls back and begins a gentle slow motion that teases my mouth and tongue with his hot manhood. His hands reach out to hold my head as he pleasures us both with his cock. 

I'm lost as my cunt swells and leaks my arousal. He continues for several minutes as I taste his pre-cum. I move my hands to his thighs and reach up to caress his balls. I hold them gently as we move together and enjoy the feel of his cock firming in my mouth.

He kneels down in front of me and we move into a close embrace. I feel his cock pressed between us almost scorching me with its heat. My breasts are hot against him and my body shivers from his touch. His hands caress my backside as he pulls us closer together. He leans us over so I am on my back and I know what's coming. He kisses his way from my ear down my throat and across my right breast. He nibbles at it as his hand keeps my left breast warm.

His kisses descend across my stomach and my legs rise to open of their own accord. His body slides down until his shoulders are against the back of my thighs and his hands pull my hips closer to his mouth. I feel the hot breath as he savors what he finds at the junction of my thighs.

His first lick at my nether lips pulls a gasp from my mouth and my hips thrust forward for more. He takes his time as the tongue explores my folds, opening my hot cunt for his pleasure. I feel him firm and strong sucking at what he finds. My cunt floods his face with every minute he arouses me. His teeth nibble and pull at sensitive flesh for what seems like hours. I float on intense sensations as my body peaks for the first time this night and my thighs clamp hard around his head. I know I've yelled my pleasure as well but don't care who heard.

Gasping for air I hear other lovers moaning not far away. Katy is moaning and crying, "Fuck me, David. Fuck me ... fuck me!" I didn't even hear them come in.

I can hear Tom moaning his pleasure as Glenda slurps his cock. She'll have a mouthful with what he carries between his legs. He wasn't as long as some but was thicker than many.

Gwen and Stuart are giggling on their mattress. I look over in time to see her silhouette sit astride him before she pulls a cover over her back. Soft kissing sounds replace their giggles. 

Clare and Zach stumble in the door and make their way to a pallet on the other side of some chairs. They sound drunker than the rest of us with lots of giggles and shushing sounds to each other. That means we have a full room as we're all here now. The room darkens as more clouds cover the moon and skies.

I'm down off my climax but Mick hasn't been idle while I recovered. He pulls me up into his lap while he sits cross-legged and my legs go around his back. His cock rises between us as he leans forward to offer me a kiss. I taste myself on his mouth and lick the sweet juices from his chin as his hands continue to torture my breasts. He moves slightly and I feel his cock bump at my cunt lips. I cooperate and feel him sink into me as I settle down on his lap. I'm so wet and ready I have no problem taking his generous cock.

I should mention that he is well endowed. His cock is a healthy eight inches and very thick with a twist to the left. It took me a little while to get used to him the first night but my cunt is happy to feel this full as he is a tender lover.

His hands lift me up and drop me further down his cock several times eliciting gasps from me as I feel progressively fuller. As he bottoms out in me I moan my pleasure and lean against him with my arms over his shoulders. My body shudders as he now lifts me almost all the way off his cock and lets my body weight stroke him back inside me. I start mewling as this sweet torture continues. I love the feeling of his hands on my ass as he controls the speed of our bodies.
