 Group Sex - Julie becomes an escort for her company 

[Author's notes: Warning! This is an extramarital group sex story, where people have sex with other people who aren't their spouses. This hopefully will be hot enough to be a whack off story for the people who like these themes, as it does have a lot of sex in it. For those who don't like these themes please move along. Constructive comments are appreciated, hate speech will be deleted.] 

[If you have not read "Sniff Test CH.01" you probably will not have as much fun reading this story] 

Our cast of Characters so far: 

Julie (Juliana) Salazar DeMarco, the main protagonist, a bisexual MILF who looks a lot like Yurizan Beltran 

Dan DeMarco, Julie's husband and cuckold for twenty years, noted philanderer, sexual harasser, and all around man about town, who is just too good looking for his own good, with a talented tongue, and a good heart 

Jane Heart, the 6'2" Amazon billionairess who looks like Brigitte Nielsen and Sophie Dee had a love child together, bisexual as the day is long, and the boss of the outfit 

Roberta Marion, Office manager for Jane, long term swinger, and semi-pro seducer of women, likes afternoon blowjobs and tea 

Zhang Chen, petite martial arts instructor, billionairess, looks like Ming-na Wen had a love child with Lucy Liu, financial wizard, Jane's professional and life partner, and the boss of the outfit (its complicated) 

John Sinclair, Handsome British seducer of women, especially Julie, whose former employer is under civil and criminal RICO investigation for using the company women like whores 

Coach Jordan, semi-pro seducer of women with a big cock and tons of stamina, fucked Julie in every hole for two years 

Derrick Domino, co-worker of Dan's (before Dan got fired for fucking every intern), cuckolded Dan with Julie in the same room in the hotel of the Xmas party 

Karen Coltrane, Julie's dorm room girlfriend, lover, and roommate, who ate her out on her wedding day to "calm her nerves" 

Kimmie Barnes, the nosy neighbor with a cuckold husband who seduced Dan when he discovered Julie's affair with Sinclair 

Mary Hobbs, supermodel caliber redhead, VP of IT, dedicated to oral sexuality 

Michael LeMaster, butler and more for Zhang and Jane, handsome as hell and a good fuck to boot, with a 'service oriented' attitude 

Markos and Dmitri, Eastern European billionaire business partners of Jane & Zhang, handsome, horny as goats, hung like horses, who like to see lots of people getting it on (especially themselves with lots of different women) 

Gino DeMarco, Dan(?) and Jane's son, away at college, but important to the plot 

Zhang & Dan 

Dan's night with Roberta had literally blown both him and his mind. Her hunger for cock, her big breasts, her dreamy kisses - they rocked his world. He barely even noticed Julie was nowhere to be found, as Roberta quite simply seduced him. When her mouth wasn't servicing his shaft, it was kissing him, as she fondled him, "adjusting" all his clothes that now said he was a millionaire or a high priced gigolo. He'd awoken in his own bed, Roberta's luscious 40G breasts flying above him, as she ground her wet, hungry pussy on his morning wood. She tried to fuck him to death last night, blowing him back hard again and again with her skilled mouth - and that was after sucking him off in the limo and every "fitting" room. She blows him this morning in the shower, her soft lips deployed to keep him fuzzy, as she strokes his shaft and even sucks his fuzzy balls. She augurs a knuckle up into his rosebud, letting him know she will touch him anywhere. She deploys her thumbs up his ass as she sucks him in the shower, a unique experience for a man used to his wife fucking his ass with a vibrator when she blows him. As she gobbles down his first load of the morning, he starts to wonder what the full court press onto satisfying his cock is all about, or if Roberta is just that horny. 

Dan's ride in the limo to work is more of the same. No man is going to tell a beautiful woman to stop sucking his cock without a helluva good reason, much less one who could teach a master class in fluffing. Until his balls were completely drained last night, Roberta used her powerful cock resurrection spell, performed by her mouth, lips, tongue, throat, breasts, hands, fingertips, and thumbs. She at one point even resorted to rubbing her gushing wet pussy up and down his shaft, then licking it off. So until they arrive at the office, his mind is rather well occupied, fondling those big breasts he so enjoyed fucking last night, as she blows him to kingdom cum. 

They go though the paperwork required for new employees, get him badged, and show him to his new office, a Secondary Security Data Center (SSDC) in a keycard locked room in a keycard locked hallway, on a different floor of the building than any of the rest of Jane and Zhang's offices. He is given a picture of Zhang and a picture of his wife, shown the basics of the video surveillance system, enough to carry out his official duties. 

Roberta slips out of her dress, kneeling before him, undoing his trousers, stroking him hard, which by now is practically automatic at this point. He'd rather be kissing her luscious lips, and as if she can read his mind, she stands to lock her delicious cock-sucking lips on his own. Bending over his desk she pulls down her panties, spreading herself with her hands. Her big booty butt calls to him, just like it did last night, wet and dripping, begging to be filled, as he grabs her hips, positions himself, and slams balls deep into her splashing, gushing pussy on the first stroke. With a bouncing betty booty like this, soft and easy isn't the way to go. Roberta is already fingering herself, so he just whips the horses into a frenzy, then starts slapping her ass hard. Her clenching pussy tells him he made the right call, as do her cries of ecstasy and the rapid fire thrusting of her own hips. 

Roberta orders in lunch, the arrival of which is signaled by a knock on the door. She pulls off Dan's hard cock, opens the door, checks to see there is nobody in the hall, snags the food and drinks, then resumes her position on the desk. It's fucking lunch, as Dan scarfs his sandwich, she inhales hers, but they never stop boning. He climaxes, then drops to his knees, licking his own cum out of her pussy as she thrashes above him, hips thrusting in glorious ecstasy. Maybe that is part of the spell. Every time he came in her last night, she moved to 69, forcing him to eat his own cum out of her snatch. Maybe Julie would love that too, every time someone comes in her, he would have to eat her out. It makes him hard all over again. 

Every time Roberta gets him to climax in her mouth, she turns back to kiss him, her mouth full of his own ball juice, as she whispers "Does Julie do this for you when she blows other men? Because we know she blows a lot of other men." It makes his dick so hard he has to fuck her again. Then she grabs him by the hair, pushes him down to her gushing slit, saying "Remember this taste because their cum will taste different. Every time they cum in her from now on you will know." 

When she is clean, his cock is so hard it could break bricks, and he starts in hammering her ass with his cock deep in her pussy, then flips her over so he can kiss her delicious lips and torment her nipples. On and on they go, until the middle of the afternoon, where they finally take a break and then work intervenes, calling Roberta away. 

Dan settles down to find out what is going on with Julie. Badge system tells him neither she nor Zhang have been in the office since last night. Security board status shows they are at the manor, probably working out of Zhang's home office. Jane is busy, working on a flurry of phone calls, as Roberta dashes in and out of the office. Big doings down in Jane-ville. He sees Mary Hobbs, the absolutely drop dead gorgeous supermodel VP of IT running in and out. Then he remembers his promise to expedite Zhang's financial terminal, opens his e-mail to see all the welcome stuff, plus the details on the terminal they have ordered for her which will be delayed for at least two weeks. He makes a few calls to old contacts from the days when he was in charge of bank rollouts, and gets a terminal commitment for completed installation within a week by a reliable firm, sending the quote to Roberta, guaranteed if they order by 10am tomorrow. 

The door unlocks and Zhang appears, chuckling. Dan realizes he is naked, never having dressed when Roberta left. 

"I see Hurricane Roberta has blown through you and your office. I can see her lipstick tramp stamps on your balls, and frankly, her scent is a little overwhelming in here. Dan, I'm Zhang, your boss, and I'm here to tell you I'm in love with your wife and intend to take her from you. This can go easy, or it can go hard, but either way, she is going with me. Nice cock, by the way." Zhang slaps him hard verbally, then butters him up to take the sting out of it. 

"Look, I know Julie is going through a very intense girl-girl thing with you and Jane. Who wouldn't be attracted to such beautiful, capable, richer than 99% of the population wealthy women? I know I am, and frankly, Jane's intensity of lust for Julie scares me a little. I see you have fallen for her too. Can't we all just get along? Isn't that the way it is supposed to work around here?" Dan objects. 

"Normally, you are correct. Lord knows I never intended to fall for your wife, she was just a toy we brought on board because we are the idle rich who like to use other people as playthings. Fuck no Dan, you need to get used to my sarcasm, because there is going to be a lot of it. Just for background, Priscilla, the previous AA and PA to Jane, she shared our bed for years, met a good guy, wealthy, big dick, got knocked up and decided children with him was more important. She is still a treasure in our lives, but nothing like Julie. Jane and I have fallen head over heels in love with Julie, and I just can't see any other endgame. Besides, you have the scent of cuckold all over you. Julie has been fucking other men behind your back and right in front of you for twenty years. By the way, I'm having Gino paternity tested." Zhang strikes more deeply. 

"I can see your point. Just today I came in Roberta, on that desk right there, and I craved - I mean craved - eating out her cum filled pussy. When I think of Julie with other men, how many times I've eaten their cum out of her sopping wet pussy, well - you can see the result." Dan points at his rock hard cock. 

"Uh, this wasn't exactly the way I wanted this to go, but would you mind eating out my pussy while I suck your cock? I can't just suck your cock for nothing, with me its always quid pro quo, something for something, and as you know, I'm not exactly known for being strictly dickly, seeming to prefer women who wear sensible shoes. But this idea of you getting turned on by knowing Julie is taking other lovers turns me on too. Maybe it might be better, if I couldn't control who she slept with, if I always had to win her back..." Zhang muses. 

"Deal. Panties or whatever off, I'll lay down on the floor. Ride the mustache and get a prize." Dan says playfully. 

"Oh, honey, I hope you're better than that. I want to collect ALL the prizes. Greedy girl, that's what Jane calls me. I think I may have mis-underestimated the prize Julie already has." Zhang says as she peels off the pantsuit and blouse. 

"Prepare to experience the best tongue on this side of the Y chromosome line." Dan brags. 

"Put out and shut up." Zhang says as she drops her hot pussy on Dan's tongue. 

Zhang grabs Dan's shaft, sucking the tip, knowing that a cock is just an overgrown clitoris. She sucks all the way down his shaft, Roberta had taught her to deep throat years ago on her own husband, while Priscilla helped her to perfect those skills, mostly so she could be with Jane when Jane 'needed' a man. Zhang is using her throat muscles to jerk him off while he is still buried in her throat, swallowing his cock over and over without moving an inch on his shaft. Dan is using his long tongue to wet her lips, split them open, trace just inside, around and around and down to her channel, making an oval racetrack for his tongue out of her vagina and vulva. Zhang's hips respond, completely unconsciously, bucking against his face, leaving Zhang so surprised she has to pull back off of Dan's cock. 

"Damn, boy, you really do have some skills!" Zhang says happily. 

Pausing for just a moment to rub Zhang's gloriously tight ass, Dan replies "That was just pulling back the curtain. Get ready for the show! By the way, even Roberta couldn't suck my dick better than you do." 

Dan gets back to work, tongue deep inside Zhang, making her moan, then paintbrush dipping into the paint (her vagina), coating the wall (her vulva, his tongue flat and broad), then detailing the doorknob (flicking like a moth deciding to land) on her clitoris. Zhang is bucking and moaning now, fisting his shaft with both hands locked around it, her fingers interlaced to provide maximum pressure, while her tongue tries to repeat every single movement she performed on his wife's nub just hours ago. Could she really watch Julie get fucked by other men? I mean it is one thing to know it happened, another thing altogether to watch it like a voyeur. Could she dare to reclaim her, taste their sperm, drain their splooge into her mouth? The intensity of the resulting orgasm surprises Zhang, driven by the combination of Dan's expert technique and talent, her own psychological cuckqueen fantasies, and Dan's inability to resist her own skills. Just as she is posing the questions to herself about cocks and cum, Dan starts pumping his into her mouth. The resulting explosion exceeds her most intense climaxes before by a factor of ten, as she gulps down his jism greedily, right before she has the thermonuclear bomb go off in both her pussy and her mind, leaving her shattered. 

When she wakes up, Dan is guiding her hand to take sips of coffee in a mug. 

"Easy now. Your legs are going to be jelly for a few minutes. Don't try to stand just yet. Julie got a nice crack in her head on the end table once when she tried, required a trip to the urgent care and seven stitches. The big ones take more than just good technique, they require a psychological trigger too. Remember what it was, and you can use it when you need that kind of release." Dan offers gently. 

"I was thinking about..." Zhang starts as Dan places a finger to her lips. 

"Shhhh. Not right now. Right now nobody but you needs to know. If it works for you again, then maybe you can share. What I don't know, I can't tell, and right now a secret of that intensity is something you hold close. I am so very grateful you are willing to trust me with it, share it with me, but I'd like to earn a little more of your trust first, deal?" Dan offers softly. 

"Deal. Put your clothes back on, we are done for the day. But be ready, willing, and able to demonstrate those skills every single day you work here until I can figure out what the fuck you did to me and how the fuck you did it." Zhang commands tersely. 

"I live to serve my queens." Dan replies quixotically. 

Zhang left, getting halfway down the hall before she remembered her original purpose was to thank him for expediting the financial terminal, and then quizzing the hell out of him to find out exactly how the hell he did it when Mary's best effort wasn't even close. Mary wanted to know too, and like Zhang, she wasn't known for taking that much interest in men. Well, if he actually pulled it off, that would be the time to reward him, she decides. Never reward vaporware, only when the product ships and makes a profit. He's going to need a hell of a reward for that, she decides, as she starts scheming. 

Roberta & Julie 

Julie is an a fog, in a dream. Last night, making love with Jane. This morning, being taken by and then taking Zhang, in a power exchange that just left her giddy. Going to work in a helicopter, what could have been a climatic experience in her life, just a noisy backdrop to Zhang's kisses. Then they get to work and there is this heart wrenching moment when Zhang walks away from her on the helipad, forcing herself to go to work and turn her back on Julie. She wants to spend every moment alive, and she feels that way with Zhang. 

Back in the office, utter chaos reigns. Seven proposal requests from seven different clients, then five from Markos and Dmitri alone, all with short deadlines because it's September. 

Jane looks at her sharply, saying "You picked a heck of a day to play hooky, girl. If I didn't miss you so much myself, I might take offense. I loved being with you last night." 

"Oh my gosh, between you and Zhang I think I must have burnt out some orgasm circuits from last night and today! I love you both more than I can stand! Give me a kiss, then I'll help Roberta get a surfboard on top of this wave." I offer brightly as I gush love and affection. 

"Atta girl! Give 'em hell, and don't spare the firepower!" Jane encourages. 

Roberta and I start organizing, sorting and assigning teams to work on the projects, based upon experience and expertise. We are stretched thin, given twelve projects of this scope, so we ask the heads of each project to recommend partners for each project. I am loath to finalize the assignments without checking with Jane, but she has her hands full with client relations, while Markos and Dmitri will be here in days. Zhang is nowhere to be found, her badge doesn't even show her in the building. There is finally a break, where I can ask Jane about the assignments, and I'm not even done with my introduction when Jane interrupts me. 

"Julie, did you talk any of this over with Roberta?" Jane snaps. 

"Yes, of course." I say taken aback just by her tone. 

"Do you and Roberta agree?" Jane asks pointedly. 

"Yes, completely. We worked this up together." I say defensively. 

"Then you don't need me to sign off on it. You've got this girl. You have my full backing whenever you need it, but you're going to have to understand your role here is one of scope and power, someday to be equal to Zhang and myself. We trust you that much. Yes, you will make mistakes, ask Zhang about Marvin Gardens sometime when you are wearing a bulletproof vest in an armored bunker well out of her worldwide reach. But you will learn from them and we all will be better off the moment you put your bitch belt on and go start slapping people to make them listen to you. Do what is right, do what is fair, do what is loving. We have got your back and even Markos and Dmitri wouldn't dare fuck with that. I am your confidant, your ally, but no longer your boss in anything but title. You are a goddess, walking the Earth. Stride with pride, baby, stride with pride." Jane berates me and upbraids me at the same time. Her phone rings, and she turns back to answer it. 

I take my folder and hurry out, crying by the time I'm halfway to Roberta's office, crying tears of joy and wonder. 

I'm sobbing on her couch, waiting for her to come back to her office, then decide to get the assignments out, so I log on the Roberta's computer, opening up my e-mail to find emails to each of the projects teams have already gone out, sent by Roberta, "under the authority of Julie DeMarco, Jane Heart's personal assistant". I curl back up on the couch, sobbing again, as Roberta comes in to hold me. 

"What did they do to you, you poor girl?" Roberta asks as she hugs me close into her big bosom. 
