 Frank came over to George's house and they were sitting around watching a movie, drinking a few beers. 

"This is boring. Lets go down to the lake and see if we can catch someone making out or something." said Frank.

"Sure, why not. It's got to be better then this movie."

When they got to the lake they heard someone splashing in the water. They quietly walked to the shore and saw a woman frolicking in the water. From the look on her face she was enjoying the feel of the water on her body and what a body it was. She was tall with long brown hair that fell to her waist. Her breasts were high and firm with long tight nipples. She had a small waist and her hips flared nicely. Her well-rounded ass was the kind dreams were made of. She was standing with her back to them and her legs were slightly parted. From her arm position the guys could tell that she was playing with herself in the moonlight. It didn't take her long to bring herself to an orgasm. Her head fell back and they could see her tremble. She dove under the water and soon surfaced, laughing heartily. All this was too much for the guys to pass up and they decided to see if they could join her. The next time she dove underwater, they quickly removed their clothes and ran into the water. When she came up for air, she saw them. There was a startled look on her face, which suddenly changed to a smile, a very seductive smile.

"Have you boys been playing Peeping Toms?" she asked, her voice a low husky purr. "Did you enjoy the show?"

All they could do was shake their heads "Yes" and stare dumbly.

"Well don't just stand there, come here and let me see just how much you enjoyed it."

They didn't need to be told twice. They waded over and faced her with their hard dicks pointing at her. 

"Well, I see you are indeed appreciative of my charms. But my tits are starting to get cold. Do you two think you could find a way to warm them?" she asked as she grabbed a hard cock in each hand.

They each dipped their head to take a nipple into their mouth. As they did that she was slowly stroking their dicks, making purring noises. 

"Oh, you boys are doing a fine job there, but I want to feel those mouths on other parts of my body, if you know what I mean. Tell you what; the first one that can make me come gets his choice of holes. After that, we'll just play it by ear."

George and Frank looked and each other winked. George stepped behind her and ran his hands up and down her arms, while kissing her neck and nuzzling her ear. He took her wrists in his hands and drew them behind her, holding them both in one hand. He grabbed her hair with his other hand, turning her face to him. Kissing her hard he thrust his tongue between her parted lips. He explored the inside of her mouth, while she was exploring his. She pulled one of her wrist free and brought it up to grab the back of his head, turning her body slightly so they could get a better angle. 

In the mean time, Frank was enjoying the freedom of have both tits to himself. He took a nipple into his mouth, sucking hard, while he rolled her other nipple between his fingers. He applied more and more pressure on each bud until he was biting and pinching quite hard. She wasn't minding though. She moaned into George's mouth and kept thrusting her hips, like she was fucking the air.

Frank started to kiss his way down her body, leaving love bites along the way. He especially liked the curve of her waist, where he sucked at the taunt skin. He worked his way to her hipbone and across her stomach, and then he went to the top of her pubis, which was shaved smooth. He licked his way down to the top of her slit, working his tongue into the groove. When he extended his tongue, he felt her clit, which was hard and throbbing. He had never felt one quite that large. It was like a small penis, it's head unsheathed. He used his hands to part her legs to give him better access. He swore her clit grew even larger. By tilting his head back and moving forward slightly he was able to draw it into his mouth. He sucked gently, while running his tongue along its length. She started to move her hips, fucking his mouth with her clit.

George was also busy behind her. He broke the kiss and holding her hair to the side, started to kiss the side of her neck and shoulders. She laid her head on his shoulder to give him better access. He took her ear lob into his mouth, nipping and sucking, sending shivers down her spine. Taking one of her hands, he placed it on his cock, letting her feel how hard he was. He also liked her waist, which he could almost span with his hands. While stroking her sides, he kissed his way to the top of her ass, paying special attention to the dimples. By dropping to his knees on the sandy lake bottom he was able to have better access to her luscious ass. It was firm and round, filling his hands. He ran his tongue along the crack, flicking her rosebud as he passes. He felt her shiver and knew he was on the right track. Because of the tilt of her hips so Frank could lick her clit George couldn't quite reach her pussy, but he could give her a good rimming. Using his thumbs He spread her cheeks to flick her tight opening. He tried to get his tongue into her, but she was so tight, only the tip went in. Her response let him know that was enough. Suddenly, more of his tongue was able to enter, until his lips were flush with her opening.

She started to rock her hips, fucking her clit into Frank's mouth and her asshole onto George's tongue. She brought her hands up to her breasts, taking the nipples between her fingers, pinching and pulling them roughly. She wasn't sure how much more of this she was going to be able to take. All at once her legs started trembling, her pussy and asshole pulsed and pussy juices dripped down her legs. Frank felt her clit throb against his tongue and her asshole gripped George's. She had come but which of them had made it happen? 

They both stood, holding her while she trembled and the last of her orgasm rippled through her body. Grabbing a hard cock in each hand she smiled and said, "Well, that was great for a start, but I think it was a tie so I get to choose which of you gets to go where. I have an idea. Follow me boys." 

With that she pulled them into deeper water. Turning to George, she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist, plunging herself onto his cock. She was so slick that he had no trouble sliding in to the hilt. Using her leg muscles she slid herself up and down his dick. She looked over her shoulder to Frank and said "Play with my asshole, because you have to get it ready for that long cock of yours."

Frank didn't need another invitation. He ran his fingers down her crack, separating them around George's dick in her pussy. He stroked her a couple more times like that and then slide one finger up her ass. She fucked herself on George's dick and Frank's finger.

"OK. Now put that hard dick where it will do the most good, for me anyway." That said, she locked her lips to George's and kissed him hard.

Frank removed his finger and George grabbed her hips. Frank held on to his cock and placed it to her asshole. George slowly lowered her onto Frank's dick, feeling him enter through the thin skin that separated them. When she was filled with both of them, he let go of her hips and she floated. Never had she felt the ripples of pleasure that coursed through her body, tightening her pussy and ass around the hard dicks filling her. Needing to feel the friction of fucking she tried to raise her hips. George grabbed her, raising and lowering her slowly. Frank was paying special attention to her tits, pinching her nipples and kissing her neck. Closing her eyes, she laid her head on Frank's shoulder and let the sensations take over her body.

She was floating on a sensual cloud like she had never felt before. The cock in her pussy was hitting her womb with each down stroke. The one in her ass was rubbing her inner walls, hitting places that had never been touched before. George picked up the pace, raising her high and plunging her down on the two of them. They double fucked her for a few more minutes. With each stroke feelings were flowing through her, taking her closer to what she knew would be a mind blowing orgasm. She was so tight that both guys had to work hard not to shoot their load. 

She started to thrash around, shaking her head and moaning loudly. 

"Oh God, I've never felt this full before. Come on boys, just a little bit more and then you will feel something you've never felt before. Fuck my ass. Oh yeah, fuck that pussy. Fuck them hard. Keep it up. OH GOD."

With that she started to pulse around them, hot and wet. Her inner muscles tightened and relaxed around the dicks filling her. She was milking them with her orgasm, feeling every bit of them. Neither guy could take it any longer and they came at the same time, pumping their hot come deep in her, filling her. When she felt the pulsing of their cocks, every muscle in her body tightened. She shook all over, trembling inside and out. Her pussy gushed, sending a slick wetness over the balls of the men inside her. Tiny ripples continued to move through her body, tremors shaking her to the core. 

George slowly lifted her off their cocks. Just as they left her, another orgasm hit her, not as strong as the last, but satisfying just the same.

She lowered her feet and stood, while leaning against George. She took several deep breaths and tried to get her heart back under control. When she could stand on her own again, she kissed George, turned and kissed Frank.

"Thank you guys. That was wonderful. You've just made one of my favorite fantasies come true."

With that said, she walked out of the water and into the darkness. George and Frank followed her out, dressed and walked back to the road.

"Boy, that was something I will remember forever. Did you ever think that we would get that lucky when we came out here tonight?" said George.

"Well, I didn't expect it to be quite so wild, but I figured it would be special." said Frank. "That was my cousin, Tiffany. She's here to live with my folks for a while because she got caught fucking her brother."