 Eddie trudged through the snow with his shovel resting on his shoulder. The afternoon was already well along, and Eddie had his pocket stuffed full of bills. He didn't really mind the snow, especially not on week days. He'd never enjoyed high school as much as his parents had always said he should, and was glad it was almost over. College might be better, he had always told himself. The clicks had always labeled him as a misfit, and to Eddie that was what the felt like. "You make one mistake as a freshman and it haunts you for your whole high school career," Eddie thought to himself as he slogged through the calf deep snow past Trina McPherson's house. He'd stop and ask to shovel their drive but he really didn't want to re-live the embarrassment any more than he had to.

Four doors up was another potential customer. Suzan Askland. She was new at school, kind of cute even. More importantly, the driveway and sidewalk were covered with two days accumulation of snow. Yeah, Eddie didn't mind the snow, it meant a chance to put some more gas money into his pocket. He turned up the driveway, his heavy boots kicking a path through the foot deep snow still laying in the driveway. 

He walked up the front step and rang the bell, waiting patiently. The door opened an he found himself staring at Suzan, surprisingly wearing a pair of tiny gray shorts and a tank top. Her trim figure looked damn sexy in the outfit, her orange sized breasts pushing out the front of the tank top and two bumps protruding even farther, attesting to the lack of bra. The chill of the outdoor air swirling through the now open door seemed to make her nipples stand out in the thin shirt even farther as he watched. He almost missed her ask a second time what he wanted.

Suzan heard the bell and headed quickly down the stairs to answer the door. She wondered who in the world would be ringing their bell on a day like this. School had been out for two days and mom was still at work. She hardly expected any visitors. She was pretty new to this kind of weather. They never had snow like this in Florida, so she just assumed that when it did snow like this everything shut down. She was surprised to find that life went on, although school didn't. She had been told it was the busses that were the problem, but even kids living close to the school got out. She opened the door and recognized a boy she had seen from the neighborhood standing and holding a shovel on his shoulder. 

"Yes?" She asked quietly as he stood there practically transfixed. "Yes, can I help you?"

"Oh yeah, sorry, lost in thought. I wondered if you wanted me to shovel your drive?"

"I don't know. Mom's not home. How much do you want to do it?"

"This much snow? I'd say forty."

"I've never had anyone shovel snow for us. Is that a lot?" She asked quietly.

"Lots less than a regular service would charge." He answered with a grin, "But then my overhead is a lot lower."

"Well, mom isn't home right now. She'll be home soon. I guess you can go ahead and do it." She said with a little shrug.

"Okay. I'll get started!" He said enthusiastically as he turned and walked off the covered porch. He dipped his shovel into the deep snow on the sidewalk and started tossing shovelful after shovelful into the front yard, quickly clearing the sidewalk as far as the driveway. She closed the door and headed back upstairs to her room.

"So who was that?" the other young lady asked from where she was curled up on the bed reading a Cosmo magazine.

"Boy from the next block over. Wanted to shovel our driveway. Is that kind of thing normal around here?" Suzan answered her as she plopped back on the edge of the bed. "Kind of cute. I've seen him around school but can't remember his name."

"Yeah some of the boys will do it for extra money." Trina said as she slid off the bed and walked to the window, pushing the curtain open to look down at the driveway. She stood and watched a few minutes before letting the curtain close.

"You know him?"

"Yeah. That's Eddie Westwood." Trina said with a very slight sigh.

"He's kind of cute."

"Yeah, if he wasn't such a loser he'd be a lot cuter." Trina said as she dropped back on the bed and picked up her magazine.

"Oh." Suzan answered knowingly. After thinking about it a few moments she asked, "What makes him a loser?"

"When he was a freshman he was brand new to the school. Some guys convinced him that I really had the hots for him and talked him into texting me a picture of his cock. Only thing was the number they gave him to text to wasn't mine and they spread the picture all over school."

"How does that make HIM the loser?" Suzan asked curiously. "Sounds to me like the guys that thought that up were the losers."

"Probably right, but they were the popular guys. Mostly jocks. I think Eddie kind of got a bum rap. Not to mention he did have a pretty good looking cock." She said with a crooked little smile. 

"Oh, well, new kids always have a rough time. I'm just glad I've been accepted here as much as I have or I could be a female Eddie."

"You'd never be a female Eddie. You're not gullible enough to do something stupid like that."

"Dunno. If I really had a crush on someone I might send a picture of my boobs."

"Really? You think he really had a crush on me?"

"Either that or he's really a perv. But he seems like a nice guy at school, so I don't think it's that."

"Guess I never thought about it like that." Trina said with a shrug, getting off the bed and walking to the window again. "You think he really had a crush on me?"

"Seems like it to me." Suzan answered with a giggle. "I can't believe you didn't put that one together yourself."

Eddie shoved for well over an hour before he had the driveway cleared. Finally done he walked back to the front door and leaned the shovel against the front of the house. He rang the bell and waited expectantly, wondering if Suzan was going to come to the door in that outfit again.

"Hi Eddie. Mom's not home yet, wanna come in and wait?" Suzan asked, after opening the door. 

"Sure, is she supposed to be home soon?" Eddie asked, partly hoping that it wasn't too soon as he looked at Suzan's thin shirt and slightly protruding nipples.

"Any time now. Come on in." She said, holding the door open for him. Eddie stepped inside and Suzan closed the door behind him as he pulled his jacket off. "Here, I'll take that." She said taking his coat as he was pulling his heavy pack boots off. She walked to a chair in the dining room and hung it over the back. "Come on. We can watch some TV while we wait if you want."

"Sure!" Eddie agreed readily as he followed Suzan down the front hall toward the rear of the house. 

"Aren't your legs cold out there?" She asked, looking back at his jeans, wet up to the knees.

"Naw. Long underwear." He answered with a shrug as he followed her around the corner and into what he assumed was a family room. "Oh damn." He said under his breath when he saw Trina sitting on the sofa watching the TV.

"So, you can sit here." Suzan said, walking around the end of the sofa and sitting down on the other end, patting the cushion between her and Trina.

"I don't have to stay. I can always stop back later." He said hesitantly standing by the sofa.

"Nonsense! Come on. You worked hard out there. Take a load off and relax a few minutes." Suzan insisted, patting the sofa again. "Don't you wanna take that long sleeved shirt off? You have to be roasting in here."

"It is a bit warm in here." He agreed, still standing like a stone statue. 

"You're not naked under it, are you?" Suzan asked with a giggle, thinking back to what Trina had said about his text.

"Huh? Um. No, I have a t-shirt on." Eddie answered in surprise.

"So take your heavy shirt off and sit a while." Trina said politely.

"I guess." Eddie answered, only now realizing that Trina was wearing a pair of rather snug sweat pants and a t-shirt, her much larger breasts poking the front of the shirt out significantly, her nipples showing almost as much as Suzan's were. He unbuttoned his flannel shirt and hung it over the back of the sofa and then stepped over between the two and settled down onto the sofa between the two girls.

"So was it hard to shovel all that snow?" Suzan asked after they had been watching the show on TV for a few minutes.

"Not too bad. I'm pretty used to it." Eddie answered.

"I'm from Florida. We don't get snow down there. This is all pretty weird for me." Suzan said. "Aren't you uncomfortable in those jeans? I mean they're wet all the way to your knees."

"Kinda, but again, I'm used to it. Not much I can do about it anyway. It's not like I'm gonna take my pants off." Eddie said with a chuckle.

"Yeah, I guess that would be kind of silly. I mean after what happened and all." Suzan said quietly.

"I think maybe I should leave." Eddie said with a frown, standing up, not really interested in having his nose rubbed in the dirt again. 

"No! Stay. Please!" Suzan said, reaching out and grabbing for his hand and tugging it to keep him from walking away.

"Why? You're just going to make fun of me." Eddie said sarcastically. 

"That wasn't my intent. Please. I'm sorry." Suzan said. "Come on, help me out here!" She said to Trina.

"Come on Eddie. Sit back down. We're not trying to make fun of you." Trina said looking up at him. "Suzan knows what happened. She doesn't think you're a loser. In fact, she was the one that said the dolts that tricked you were really the losers."

"Look, it's just us. No phones, no cameras, just the three of us. I just thought you'd be more comfortable out of your wet pants. If not, then that's okay too. Just sit back down and relax, okay?"

Eddie thought about it a few moments and then nodded silently, turning and sitting back down between the two girls.

"So Eddie. You got college lined up yet?" Trina asked as she lifted her feet up onto the sofa and twisted herself a little to face him.

"Yeah, I'm going to stay here and go to U." Eddie answered her.

"Yeah? Me too. I'm going to study chemistry. You?"

"Engineering." Eddie answered. 

"How about you Suzan? Where you going?" Trina asked.

"I was thinking about going back to Florida State. I want to study architecture." She answered. "You sure you don't want to lose the pants Eddie? I mean they're dripping on the floor."

Eddie looked down at the puddles being created by the snow caked on the bottoms of the legs as it melted. "Yeah. Maybe I should go." Eddie said with a frown. "This was fun and all, but I don't want to make a mess in your house."

"No. Stay. Please." Trina said, reaching out and gently gripping his arm. "I want you to."

"Actually you've pretty much ignored me since the picture episode. Why now?" Eddie asked with a frown, expecting it to be some kind of trick to make fun of him again.

"I didn't realize at the time you had a crush on me. It was Suzan's idea that was why you took the picture. Everyone labeled you as a pervert, but you were really just looking to impress me, weren't you?" Trina asked him.

Eddie looked down at his lap and blushed, thinking back to that day when he took the picture and texted it, believing Frank that it would get her attention like nothing else. "Pretty much." He finally answered.

"So, do you still have a crush on me?" Trina asked.

That was a question Eddie didn't expect. He looked up at her in surprise, his cheeks still pink. 

"It's okay. Actually I'm kind of flattered. You really risked a lot to try and show me and got the short end of the stick." Trina said quietly. "I'm really sorry it turned out that way." 

"Yeah, well, live and learn." Eddie said quietly.

"You know, you're right!" Trina said suddenly. Eddie stared as Trina suddenly stood up and reached for the waistband of her sweatpants, hooked her thumbs in them and pushed then quickly down, the material clinging snugly to her thighs and rolling inside out as she bent over and pushed the band down. She stayed bent over while she worked the tight pants over her feet, dropping the pants on the floor and standing up again. Her T-shirt barely covered the small pair of colorful bikini panties she had on, at least for the moment. Eddie continued to stare, open mouthed, as she grabbed the hem of the shirt and pulled it up and off in one smooth motion, her tits bouncing and wiggling as she plopped back down on the sofa. Her breasts were round and full, sagging somewhat from their own weight, each one easily the size of a coconut. Her areola were large and round, covering a good portion of the front of each breast with a large rock hard nipple protruding from the exact center of each one.

"Damn!" Eddie breathed as he stared at her bare chest.

"You know, that's the same thing I said when I saw that picture of your cock." Trina said with a giggle. "So you gonna take your pants off now?"

Eddie looked Trina up and down, her entire body exposed except for her pussy, which was still covered by the panties. Trina looked at Eddie expectantly, her knee bent and leg cocked exposing the colorful material was pull snuggly across her pussy. He couldn't help but notice that the crotch of her panties were considerably darker than the rest of them, bringing a small grin to his lips. "Yeah. I'm good with it." He finally answered, pushing himself up. He quickly undid his jeans and worked them down, pulling the wet pants legs off his legs and tossing the partially wet pants aside. "Better?" he asked.

Trina looked up at his face, then down to the brown long johns and the huge bulge they contained. "Still look a bit overdressed to me." She finally said, looking up at him, chewing her lower lips lightly.

Eddie looked down at his long johns, blushing as he realized how far his underwear was tented out.

"Come on. Long johns too, okay?" Trina coaxed. 

"That might be a bit much." Andrew answered quietly. 

"Why? Unless...OH! Duh. Yeah, silly me. Kinda show a lot, wouldn't it?"

"Yeah, pretty much." Eddie said, sitting back down. 

"I guess I can see that." Trina answered him. "I mean taking a picture is easy. In person it's a lot harder, right? But you wouldn't be nearly as bashful with a completely naked girl, would you? Or would that make it harder?"

Eddie blushed heavily, his cheeks and ears turning red. "I've never been with a completely naked girl." He said with a whisper.

Trina looked at him with surprise on her face. "Never? I mean you're good looking, for a guy. Hasn't a girl ever wanted to...you know... Mess around with you or anything?"

"Not really." Eddie whispered.

Trina took a deep breath and then stood up, stepping in front of Eddie. She looked at Suzan sternly. "You better not ever say a word about this to ANYONE!"

"Hey, my lips are sealed!" Suzan said, holding up both hands in front of her in surrender. 

"Okay Eddie. Give me your hands." Trina coaxed, holding her hands out toward Eddie. He cautiously reached out and let her take his hands and pull them toward her, letting them rest on her hips and the low riding elastic band of the top of her panties. "Just push em down now." She whispered.

Eddie was practically frozen in place. His hands were on the hips of the nearly naked girl he still fantasized about and she was actually asking him to finish undressing her. He hooked his fingers into the elastic band and began to slowly pull down, afraid that she wasn't really serious and that she was going to tell him to stop. The elastic slipped down over her round ass, blond curls matching her long blond hair, peaked out over the material as he continued to slowly pull it down. Her round mound was fully exposed and he continued to pull down, exposing her full round pussy lips as he tugged the elastic band down her thighs. He stared at her pussy as he pushed the panties down farther, letting them slip to her ankles while he was bent toward her.

Trina reached out and rested her hands on his shoulders, his face only a foot from her now exposed pussy, closer than any other guy had been to it before. She stepped her feet out of the panties, leaving her completely naked. She looked down at him, his attention riveted to the space between her legs. She took another deep breath, preparing to do something else she'd never done before. She lifted one foot off the floor and set it on the sofa on one side of him, her now raised leg completely exposing her pussy to him. She was practically holding her breath as she waited for his reaction.

Eddie reached his hand up between her legs and gently stroked his fingertips across her full round pussy lips, feeling the wetness on them and the heat radiating from them, feeling an actual pussy for the first time. He gently stroked several times across them and then pressed his middle finger slightly harder, pressing it between her lips, which easily spread to accept his finger. He drew his hand back slowly, dragging his fingers across her lips and the one down between it, drawing it slowly across the very end of her pussy and the hard little bump he felt there.

"Ohhhh." Trina gasped softly as his finger dragged across her clit.

"I'm sorry!" Eddie said quickly, jerking his hand back. "I didn't mean to hurt you."

Trina reached out for his hand and pulled it back to her body, pressing it back between her legs. "It didn't hurt. It felt nice. More so than I expected, that's all."

"So you like this?" Eddie asked, going back to stroking her pussy as he had, one finger pressed between her lips and dragging it across that hard bump. 

"Oh yes. Very much." She whispered as the tingles raced through her body with each stroke of his fingers. "Just keep doing that. Oh god. I'm going to come." She moaned softly after several minutes of his attentions, her legs beginning to tremble slightly. 

"Seriously?" Eddie asked, surprised at how quickly she had become excited. "I thought it took girls a lot longer to do that."

"Usually when I play with myself it does. But your finger feels so good." She said breathlessly. "OH god Suzan, I'm going to come!" she squeaked as her whole body shuddered, her legs barely able to hold herself up. Finally she reached between her legs and gently drew his hand away. "Not too much." She said with a big grin, her face flushed bright pink. "Now it's your turn. Stand up." She said, pulling on his hand and stepping her foot off the sofa. 

"If you're sure." Eddie said, nervously as he pushed himself up with one hand while she pulled with the other. Once he was standing Trina knelt down in front of him, her hands shaking slightly as she reached for the waistband of the insulated long underwear bottoms he was wearing. She tucked her fingers into the elastic and then paused, looking up at his face before starting to pull the underwear slowly down.

The underwear seemed to roll inside out as she pulled it down, the huge bulge his cock was making in the front seeming to pull down with it until it suddenly popped out, nearly hitting her in the face. "Oh!" she squeaked in surprise as his hardon pointed toward her face, his big mushroom head leaking a glistening drop of precum. Trina quickly pulled the underwear the rest of the way down to his ankles.

"You're gonna have to sit down for me to do this." She said, trying to get the underwear down over his heavy wool socks.

"Oh yeah." He said, leaning back and sitting down, his hardon sticking straight up in his lap. 

Trina quickly pulled his socks off, tossing them over her shoulder, and then pulled the long johns down the rest of the way and off his feet, tossing them over her shoulder with a giggle as well. Her face turned serious again as she crawled between his legs, pushing his knees apart to make room for herself.

"Okay Here goes." Trina said as much to herself as anyone else as she reached her hand out for his cock. "Wow. It's kinda hot." She told Suzan as she wrapped her hand around it, her fingers not quite able to close all the way around the fat shaft. She reached with a second hand and wrapped that one around below the first, his mushroom head still sticking up exposed over her hands. "It really is huge," She whispered, her hands slowly sliding up and down his shaft.
