 The wicked queen had just been doing some very wicked things to herself, but now she was coming to her senses. That fucker! And that slut! That cock was hers! And the title of most loveliest in the kingdom was hers! There was no way she was about to let the little bitch take her title and her husband's cock along with it.

She slipped out of the stable with her husband and his daughter still entangled in each other.

Marriage was too good for the girl. No, the only way to get rid of her was to kill her!

All day she planned and plotted. Finally she sent word to a local woodcutter who owed her his life, that his services were required.

When the queen told the poor man what she wanted him to do, he was mortified. Kill Snow White? But she was the loveliest vision he'd ever seen! He, like every other man in the kingdom, fantasized about dipping their cocks inside her. He couldn't kill that delicate young lady.

But the queen knew how to get around the man's reluctance, using one of the oldest tricks in the book: blackmail.

The woodcutter had very little choice. In the end, he consented.

"And bring me her heart."

The Queen's final order sent a shudder through the woodcutter.

With every intention to do as the Queen ordered, the woodcutter took Snow out into the woods the following morning. But at the last minute his courage failed him and he mumbled some excuse and left her there with a hollow promise to return for her. The day passed and then night fell, but no one came for her. At last, frightened, tired and dispirited, Snow curled up into a ball under a tree and fell asleep.

She awoke from a fitful sleep the next morning to the song of birds and the whistling of the breeze through the trees. It was such a beautiful morning that Snow realized how childish and silly her fears of last night were. She set out, instead, to find her way home again. 

After some time, she came across a quaint little cottage that looked more like a huge doll house. Feeling her tummy rumble, she decided to call on the owner. She knocked, but there was no answer. Without a second thought, she opened the door and entered the cottage; after all, she was the princess of this kingdom.

"Hello! Anyone home?" she called out. There was no response.

She looked around and noticed that everything around her was of small proportions: the chairs were pint-size, the table had short legs, the pots and pans—along with everything else—were smaller than normal. Even the bedroom upstairs had little beds, seven in all!

"Well, who ever it is that lives here, I'll make them something to eat. Maybe they can spare a bed for the night."

By dusk, seven little men were making their way home from the diamond mine. When they entered their little house, they were surprised to see a pot of soup boiling over the fire.

"Okay, which one of you lugheads left the fire going?" demanded the head dwarf, Dick.

The rest of the dwarfs looked at each other, shaking their heads and shrugging their shoulders.

Perplexed, the guys searched their little cottage to see if anything else was out of order. It was upstairs that they found the culprit, fast asleep on little Dick's bed.

"Who the hell is this?" he demanded at no one in particular.

Again, the rest of the guys all shrugged, but eyed her with appreciation. She was a beauty, and they'd been without women for so long... Their little peckers hardened just at the sight of her. It didn't help, either, that she'd taken off everything but the flimsiest of undergarments before falling asleep.

"Are you boys thinking what I'm thinking?" Dick asked Lance, Harry, Peter, Willy, Jon and Thomas.

"Let's tie her up so that she doesn't try to get away," suggested Harry, so named because of his unnaturally hairy ball.

"Good idea," said Willy.

A couple of the dwarfs came back with some rope and proceeded to tie the girl without disrupting her sleep.

Snow was having a lovely dream about butterflies and waterfalls when she suddenly felt something rubbing under her nose. It smelled funny, and it quickly brought her awake. Her eyes flew open and she almost screamed when she saw the little naked man standing above her head, rubbing his fat cock under her noise and over her lips. She looked over him and saw six more little men with unnaturally big cocks for such small bodies, all naked and all milling around her with lust in their eyes. She tried to get up but only then realized that she was tied to the bed, now completely naked.

"What's the meaning of this?! Let me go!" she ordered, trying to wrench herself free from the ties that bound her to the bed.

The little guys started laughing at her futile struggle. Some of them were even getting horny, watching her supple young body writhe on the bed, straining frantically against her bonds.

"I demand that you untie me! Do you know who I am? My father's the King!"

That wiped the smile off everyone's face—except little Dick's, that is.

"Well, well. So we've got ourselves a royal pussy to thaw. Is that why they call you Snow? Ohhhh, my fantasy's about to become reality," he said with a lascivious grin, licking his lips in anticipation. The others, taking their cue from Dick, began laughing amongst each other again. If Dick wasn't worried that they had the king's daughter, then there was no need for them to worry either. 

Snow's bravado fell away. "Please, what do you want of me?" she demanded weakly, fright bubbling inside her as she gauged the situation and realized what was about to happen. 

The dwarfs burst out laughing. "We're just about to show you what we want of you," said Dick, who was still rubbing his pecker over her face. "Now why don't you be a good girl and open up for me. Mr. Happy has been waiting a long time for this."

"But—" Snow didn't get a chance to finish as the dwarf took advantage of her open mouth and shoved his cock in it, gagging the poor girl. The other guys laughed, watching the girl struggle and gag on the meat in her mouth as she lay tied to the bed.

"The little bitch doesn't want to co-operate. Why don't you boys make her...feel nice? Show her what she'll be missing out on."

Dick's words had the six men vying for their turn, until Lance, the largest of them, got in between the girl's legs first. She smelled fresh and fragrant. The little man parted her pussy lips with his fingers and then his tongue followed to lap away at her shiny, juicy crevice.

Snow couldn't believe what was happening. She had a cock in her mouth that wouldn't let her breathe and there was a man at her pussy, licking every fleshy nook and cranny she possessed down there. She was revolted...and yet unexpectedly horny at the same time. And when the little guy found her clit and started sucking on it, she knew any struggle she made would be pointless. Suddenly, she was curious and excited to experience the same kind of pleasure as she had with her father only yesterday.

Willingly, she began to suck on the cock in her mouth, opening her throat up rather than gag on the meat, and felt him push it in deeper and deeper to fuck her throat at a leisurely pace. The man between her legs worked his magic with his mouth, but all too soon he was gone. Fortunately, he was quickly replaced by another dwarf, who continued where his friend had left off. This kept on going until all the men had eaten her pussy and slurped up some of her cum. Ahhhhh, they really had made her feel good. 

And still the cock in her mouth kept fucking her throat as she groaned over it at the lovely sensations those lapping tongues had created in her newly deflowered hot little pussy.

Dick saw how aroused she was even if the thought of seven midgets disgusted her. But if her muffled cries and multiple orgasms was anything to go by, she was panting for it! "Do you want my cock in your pussy? I know you want it. But how badly do you want it?"

He took his cock out of her mouth. "I want it now. Pound me with your hard cock. Ohhh, please... I need your cock..." Snow was too horny and too far gone to care what she said, except that she did want his cock, anyone's cock in her cunt. She was hot and wet and desperate for the same kind of relief her father had given her. There was no point in resisting because resistance was futile. Her body was taking over. She didn't care if she got fucked by a dwarf or a troll—as long as it had a dick that's all that mattered.

Dick positioned his small body between her spread-eagled legs, his friends watching and jacking off. "Watch and learn, boys!"

And then he drove his cock into the girl's moist pussy, making her scream out with pleasure. His meat was big for a man of his size, and he sure knew what to do with it! In and out he fucked her, going at her like a jackhammer. She writhed and whimpered under him, thrashing against her restraints as she felt herself begin to cum. She screamed out her pleasure just as the little man suddenly jackknifed against her and buried his dick completely in her, crying out with release as he cummed into her sweet box. His head came down and his mouth took her nipple to bite and suck on it as he emptied is seed inside her.

But that wasn't the end for Snow; not by a long shot. There were six more little men (with big cocks) she had to please, and they were all waiting impatiently to get a piece of her pussy. As Dick lay slumped atop her with his meat still inside her suctioning pussy, the lineup for her mouth formed. The little guys, one by one, got up on the bed and straddled her head, forcing her to take their sizable meat into her mouth as she had their leader. There were various shapes and sizes and colors and she took them all willingly and gladly. 

Meanwhile, Dick pulled out of her, leaving his white mark seeping out of her little hole. He watched his buddies being pleasured by that lovely mouth and felt himself getting hard again.

When one cock was sucked, another one replaced it, and the guy who'd just been sucked off went round to the foot of the bed and got on and settled between the girl's legs. Then he pushed his stiff pecker into the cum-slimed pussy hole recently vacated by his buddy and he began to fuck her, desperate to cum. And so while she sucked on a cock, another one was hammering at her innocent, tender pussy. 

The little guy went to town inside her, quickly dumping his load of cum into her contracting pussy. His cock was quickly replaced by another one, which also spewed its seed into her. And on and on it went until she'd sucked every cock and then had every cock fuck her and cum inside her, all the while making her cum countless times in turn.

"We'll let you rest a bit. We're not done with you yet," said the leader once the men had all been satisfied and she lay still helplessly tied to the bed with gobs and gobs of dwarf cum spilling out of her not-so-sweet smelling pussy. Midget cum was smeared all over her face and cum that she hadn't been able to swallow dribbled out of her mouth. 

She didn't have a chance to say anything before they all filed out of the room, leaving her alone and tired. 

Damn! What was she going to do? She was exhausted and dirty, and she needed to get away from here. What on earth would her daddy say if he knew of her degrading ordeal? She hadn't even tried to fight them in the end, welcoming their cocks and cum like a starving whore.

She was trying to think straight to come up with an escape plan, but she was just too tired to manage it. And before long, she was falling asleep with the dwarf cum drying up and caking itself on her face, at her pussy and along her ass crack and legs where it had spilled.

To be continued...