 PART 2: Fork in the Road

***

I loved this feeling. I loved waking up next to this woman. I loved opening my eyes and seeing her smiling face on the pillow next to me. My right arm felt numb where it was trapped under her body, but I didn't really care. I loved how she stroked my cheek before kissing me. I loved the softness of her lips against mine. I loved her scent filling my nostrils.

This was the second night in a row I'd spent the night with Taryn. And despite the fact that I had not been rendered unconscious this time, it was the second night in a row that my body ached beyond belief.

However, exactly how my body got quite such a workout was a most pleasant memory. Taryn rolled over into my arms and then we were lightly kissing each other, just soft pecks amidst whispered sighs of happiness. No words. No questions, just cuddling and kissing. Now I knew exactly why Ben would zone out every time someone mentioned Stephanie's name.

Eventually I rolled over, stretching out my back and trying to rub feeling into my numb limbs. I got another look at the clock to find that it had been more than an hour since I woke up. We'd been quietly making out the entire time. I guess time really flies when you're having fun.

Taryn saw the clock as well, then turned her luminous eyes to me. "We'd better get downstairs. Don't want to hold everybody up."

I nodded. Our group had already agreed that since today was our last day at Big Bear, we'd skip the snowboarding and just enjoy the area until we had to go home that afternoon. Work and school were waiting for us tomorrow.

We cleaned ourselves up a bit, cleaning out morning breath and making sure we were presentable, then headed downstairs. Somewhat unsurprisingly, pleasurable moans wafted up the stairway as we descended.

This entire weekend had turned into one big orgy for the six of us, and whatever spell upon us was still working its magic. Reiko and Stephanie were buck naked on the couch. Derrick and Ben were on their knees before them, their heads buried in their respective girls' crotches. Reiko had her hand on top of Derrick's head, pressing him more closely to her and the two girls absently kissed and fondled each other lazily as they enjoyed the boys' handi-, er, tongue-work.

I followed Taryn into the kitchen, my eyes bugging out at the coupling on the couch and it took me awhile to notice that Taryn had placed orange juice and a bagel before me. Hmm, Breakfast and a Show.

I could feel my cock stirring, and I cast a lustful gaze at Taryn. "Want another go at it?"

Taryn just laughed. "Not right now. I'm still sore from that pounding you gave me last night... or was it this morning?"

I frowned, momentarily dejected. But I didn't have long to sulk as one particular set of moans escalated into a high-pitched wail as Reiko crested over into a shuddering climax. I felt the pajama pants I was wearing feeling just a little bit tighter as I watched her firm breasts heaving and her hips twitching.

When her eyes opened up again, she moved Derrick's head back, his lower face shining the sunlight off the collected juices on his chin. She lifted her feet and stepped off the couch, heading in a direct beeline for me, seated at the dining table.

Without further ado, she tugged at my arms to stand me up, then proceeded to drop my pants to the floor. I looked back at Taryn, who merely shrugged and returned to her food. Once I was naked, Reiko gave me a BIG smile, showing a gleaming row of white teeth. "I told you we were going to have to do this again."

And she pushed me, sending me backwards, tripping and falling onto my back across the loveseat positioned opposite the big couch. She then jumped atop me, but not before I grabbed her and rolled her off the loveseat and onto the thick shag carpet next to the loveseat. I turned out to be the one surprising her and before she knew it I had buried myself to the hilt inside her juicing pussy.

Meanwhile Derrick moved to the kitchen to make some cereal while Stephanie was in Ben's lap, her hips wiggling as she rode his horse. 

Reiko was already gasping in pleasure, her hands clawing at my back as I pumped into her over and over. Those fantastic pussy muscles she had were already rippling at our union, sending our pleasure into orbit. I was fresh from a good night's sleep and horny as hell, and our fucking took on an energetic urgency until I was pistoning in and out of her as fast as I'd ever fucked a woman before. Reiko was being overloaded with pleasure to the point where she forgot her English and was yelling incoherently at me in Japanese.

Reiko and I kept plugging away until my knees were getting rug burn and I could feel my muscles burning from the intensity of our little workout. And then she was coming, a high-pitched shriek that threatened to shatter my eardrum, her back arching off the floor as her shoulders writhed against the carpet. The roiling waves of her climax only added to the chaos inside her pussy, the extra lubrication allowing me to glide in and out of her even more easily to ram my dick far up into her body with every stroke.

When her back collapsed back down to the floor, she wrapped her legs around me and told me to flip over. Holding her in my arms, my biceps straining a bit to keep our union together, I flipped onto my back, where Reiko took up the stroke with me still buried inside of her, still gasping as she recovered from the monstrous orgasm.

Then Reiko lay forwards, pressing her fabulous tits into my face to let me lick at them while she turned her head to the kitchen and winked. Derrick left his half eaten cereal on the table and approached us, his hard-dick pointing the way. Reiko paused a moment from our insistent fucking when Derrick grabbed her hips. I watched his hands spreading her ass-cheeks, and held Rei in my arms when she tensed up as he apparently began to penetrate her other hole. Ben showed up a moment later, standing next to Reiko's head before she reached out to suck his thick trunk into her mouth.

***

I finished off my bagel, then idly sipped at my orange juice watching the triple-penetration before me. Stephanie moved to eat half of a bagel, complaining that they were going to make her fat. But then she too fell into a silence watching the scenario before us. They all moved with an ungraceful jerky rhythm, plugging away at Reiko's holes. They seemed to be getting little direct pleasure out of it, but Reiko was in absolute paradise. She couldn't even suppress a smile enough to stay focused on sucking Ben off, and her eyes were dancing as she felt every hole in her plugged up snuggly. Within minutes she had two more orgasms and was beginning to look a little dazed.

Stephanie had worn down Ben with their fucking earlier on the couch, and I knew that Reiko had a talented mouth once she started to focus on him. So after Reiko's second orgasm he pulled out and began to spray his juice all over Reiko's face, who simply twisted her head this way and that in an attempt to get as much of it on her face as she could. 

Not long after that, Reiko's tight ass became to much for Derrick, then Stephanie and I watched his hips bucking against her butt-cheeks, apparently filling up her backdoor with his sticky fluids. Rei was going to have a hell of a time going to the bathroom after this.

Derrick pulled out, giving Reiko's asscheeks an appreciative swat. Then he staggered up the stairs, apparently headed for a shower. He was dripping with sweat, his bulging muscles glistening in the light. I watched his cute butt flex as he went up the stairs, and grinning to myself, I left the table to go after him. My turn.

***

Once Derrick pulled out I was determined to send Reiko into another shrieking orgasm. I released my lip lock on her tits and flipped her over once again onto her back, then pulled down a pillow off the couch and placed it underneath her lower back to elevate her cunt. Then getting a firm grip on her asscheeks, I sank my rod back into her and began to saw in and out with increasingly hard strokes, yanking her light body back against my pelvis with an iron grip on her ass.

There was so much juice inside her box she was dribbling orgasmic fluids out onto the floor. A part of me wondered what the cleaning crew would make of the mess we had made. But it made her cunt ever more slick, granting me a lack of friction so I could keep from spilling my load and letting me attack her clit with a fury.

Reiko was gasping to get a little air, her body exhausted from repeated fuckings and repeated orgasms. I heard each little gasp getting closer and closer together in frequency and shorter and shorter in duration as her body tugged her inexorably towards yet another climax.

Her arms and shoulders went limp, her feet dragging on the floor uselessly. The indefatigable Reiko had finally exhausted herself, her body a limp rag doll as I mercilessly pounded into her. And then her gasping stretched out into a long wail, ending with a whimper as her body exploded with pleasure, her limbs tensing up one last time as the orgasm rushed through her body. 

And then I finally let myself go, growling as I fired the stored up loads that had been building all night, emptying myself into her willing twat and mixing my juices in her already overflowing cunt. And then her eyes rolled back into her head, her limbs going limp once again as she passed out.

I stood up, breathing hard and working to catch my breath. I stared at Reiko's unconscious form for a while. She looked so peaceful and at the same time so haphazard. Her body was sort of on top of the cushion I'd placed under her but mostly hanging off onto the floor, her arms and legs splayed out in every direction. Her gaping pussy was split open wide, oozing our collective juices. Her hair radiated around her head, her bountiful chest rising and falling slowly as she slept, her body still working hard to get oxygen into her brain.

She'd just had close to ten orgasms if you include Derrick's oral stimulations, and her body finally gave out. My body, on the other hand, had just had its first orgasm and had plenty more where that came from. I felt my cock stirring as I stared at her nude body, and turned my head to search out new prey. 

Stephanie was eyeing me thoughtfully, unabashedly checking out my toned body, washboard abs, and especially my re-energizing dick. She was so pretty, clad only in a red silk robe, the top opened up just enough to give me a tantalizing glimpse of her curvy tits. I smiled at her near-naked body curled up in a dining table chair. And then Taryn re-entered my head, and looking about I found she wasn't in the room anymore. I had to find her. I still had a fucking to collect on with her.

I gave Stephanie my warmest smile, "Later..." then turned and headed up the stairs. Taryn wasn't in our room, but I heard the shower running in the bathroom. The door was ajar, so I decided to poke my head in.

"Oh, fuck, yes!" Taryn's voice screamed out from behind the curtain. 

***

The bathroom tile was really cold against my back, but I didn't really care that much. All of my senses were focused down on what was happening inside my pussy, feeling the thick, round pole plunging itself over and over into me, stretching my cuntlips wide open with every thrust.

Derrick's grip on my ass was tight, his bulging muscles straining with the effort of holding me upright and pinned against the wall. His thick chest was crushing my tits back against me, his head turned to the side and pillowed against my shoulder as all of his focus was bent to pile driving himself up and into me.

I couldn't hold the raw emotions back any longer. "Oh, fuck, yes!"

My words were fuel to Derrick's fire, and his hips whipped forwards with increased power as I continued to rasp dirty thoughts into his ear. "Fuck me. Fuck harder! Deeper! Oh, yes! Can you feel it? Can you feel my cunt squeezing you? Oh, baby it's soooo goooood..." My last word trailed off into oblivion to be replaced by a breathless moan as he gave it to me particularly deeply with the next push.

I normally wasn't a very vocal performer. To be sure, I knew the little breathy moans and gasps I made always got my partner aroused, but I'd always thought that crass swearing during sex was kind of corny.

But this wasn't just crass swearing during sex. This was animalistic FUCKING and I just couldn't help myself. And Derrick had regressed into an ape. A powerful, sex-hungry ape who's entire vocabulary now consisted of grunts and muffled 'Hrrmphs' with every thrust.

I was sweating faster than the cascading water could wash it away, my legs and ass-cheeks were sore from where his hands gripped me. And the slightly uneven tile of the shower wall was scratching my back. But to have this gorgeous man fucking me was all that mattered. My mind was already gone, given over to lustful instinctive fucking.

I came to two screaming climaxes this way before my ape finally tired and lowered me to the shower floor. But he just spun me around and bent me forwards, pushing my face and my upper body against the wall underneath the shower head before getting behind me and plunging his shaft into me in one go.

I felt the hot shower spray on my back as his thrusts pushed me back and forth, the water dribbling off me, running down the crack of my ass to our fusion of sex, washing away the fluids streaming out of my cunt.

God, I was screaming so loud I was sure the whole house could hear me. My memory blanked out for a few moments as I felt another orgasm shatter my mind, just from the raw penetration of his dick. Only another minute passed before he slammed his body forwards, pinning my breasts and face against the cold tile of the wall in front of me. He held that position, bellowing out with a roar loud enough to make Tarzan blush. And I felt the odd splash inside me as his cannon burst, the weird but erotic sensation of a man's spunk mingling with mine.

And then we were done.

My legs buckled, and I sank to my knees on the floor. Only by leaning against the wall, feeling the soothing coolness of the tile against my skin did I keep myself upright. And the two of us stayed there in silence, the only sounds the rushing of the shower and the soft panting while we both tried to catch our breaths. All my energy was gone, spent in that last climax. I fought and fought to regain my breath, but then I saw an inky blackness creeping into my vision. I closed my eyes, surrendering to the rest my body knew I needed.

***

My eyes flew open as I realized what was happening. I had been so excited. My body was revved up from a fantastic fuck with Reiko. I was juiced for many more rounds to come. And I wanted to find the woman who I loved (I think I did at least...), to share that sexual energy with her.

"Oh, baby it's soooo goooood..."

The shower was a large rectangle. There was no bathtub, just smooth tiling and walled off from the rest of the bathroom by a frosted glass sliding door. I couldn't see anything specific, just blurry forms. But one of those blurry forms was trapped up against the far wall while the other form stood before the first, blurry hips moving back and forth with a violent pistoning motion. And then a sweet voice floated over the glass, the unmistakable moan of a Taryn orgasm.

I don't know why, but I felt betrayed. I had no right to be of course, I'd just screwed her best friend unconscious a minute ago, but yet that green evil haze was welling up inside of me. 

'You're just friends, dude.' I fought to tell myself. 'She's just having a good time while we're on vacation.'

A breathy gasp behind me shook me from my thoughts, and I turned around. Stephanie was leaning against the doorframe, her red silk robe opened up, a finger buried in her very pink pussy as she masturbated herself watching and listening to Taryn and Derrick's coupling. Her eyes fluttered with pleasure, then she turned to cast a dark, seductive gaze upon me. Her eyes drooped down across my body before locking in place about three feet off the ground.

I realized that I was still naked, and my erection had not flagged a bit. Taryn was just having a good time while we were on vacation... and so would I.

I walked towards Stephanie, her eyes rising up to connect with mine. I looked at her sweet fast, watching the flames of lust burning in her irises. Without another word she took my hand, and led me down the hallway to my bedroom. Stephanie tugged me outside onto my balcony, then dropped me into a lounge chair. For a moment, I felt exposed seeing as how we could be seen if anyone wanted to take a careful look up here. But then all worry left my mind as she descended her hot little mouth onto my rod.

As Stephanie's expert blowjob sent my pleasure receptors into overload, it popped into my head what I would be missing if I started a relationship with Taryn. I would be bound to her, committed, and monogamous. I wouldn't be able to fuck Rei's amazingly adept pussy or get a piece of her ass. I wouldn't be able to experience these mind-shattering blowjobs from Stephanie. And I felt the joy of bliss shooting through me as she chose that moment to deep-throat me, as if to punctuate my unspoken thoughts.

As her tongue tickled its way up the underside of my shaft and rimmed around the little head, I thought to myself that missing out on this in the future would be horrendously tragic. By now I was having a hard time keeping myself still, my hips thrusting upwards erratically trying to fuck Stephanie's mouth.

Pushing overly-analytical thoughts from my mind, I gave into my lust. I pulled Stephanie's head off me and stood up. I spun her around and she automatically bent over, leaning her hands against the rail and thrusting her proud tight-as- a-drum ass back at me. I stepped into position and lifted the silk robe up and folded it over onto her back, revealing rosy red cheeks and a steaming pink pussy, already dribbling sweet honey down her legs.

I eased myself into her, not a care in the world if anyone could see me. Really, what would a young stud have to be embarrassed about, fucking a gorgeous woman against the rail on a balcony. My ego puffed up like a giant as I began to drive my way into her. My hands clutched at her perfectly-shaped swinging tits while she reached one hand back to diddle her own swollen clit.

My hand soon joined hers, rubbing with her as my hips bucked forwards to pump into her. I watched with thoroughly amoral and lustful pride as my long dick disappeared and reappeared from Stephanie's sweating body, the cold wind piercing the heat fog around us, making us fuck each other even faster to ward the cold away. 

With both hands on her hips and me jack hammering away, Stephanie diddled herself into a wailing orgasm, her whole body vibrating against me. When it had passed, she turned around and launched herself into my arms, her legs crossing around my hips and kissing me with a fury. As fantastic as her tongue in my mouth was, my cock twitched impatiently to be embedded in a warm pussy. With my hands on her ass I lifted her until I was able to slip back inside her box, and we screwed upright for a minute with her tongue plunging into my mouth in time with our thrusts.

But I couldn't get the leverage I wanted, and so while still buried inside of her, I staggered back inside before literally falling forwards onto my bed. With her body clutched against me she shrieked playfully as we fell, her back slamming down onto the soft mattress and my upper body falling onto her, crushing her beneath me.

This extra momentum also meant my hips pile drived their way deep into her cunt, Stephanie screaming in mixed pleasure and pain as she was penetrated more deeply than she'd ever felt in her life. Our pelvises clashed together painfully but the sensations of pleasure more than overwhelmed them. And then we were fucking again, hard and driving thrusts in a vain effort to recapture that incredible feeling of deepest penetration.
