 The drive had been awful, 3 ½ hours of heavy snow and stop and start traffic. That was even before we had even managed to get off the motorway and on to the narrow country roads. The snow continued to swirl around in the strengthening wind as we drove up the narrow and rutted lane. 

It was late February, the school holidays. It marked the time of the annual college walkers' weekend. 

During the week, a few of the couples had backed out. Only Andrea, the lone single, had confirmed and so we weren't sure how many we would get for the annual bash in the Lake District.

We had been doing this every year since college 12 years earlier. Gradually people had lost interest and from the early days of booking out the whole youth hostel we now only had enough for a couple of farmers' cottages. Andrea had been a stalwart, she had stopped for a while but come back a couple of years ago. 

We turned into the courtyard, a converted farm, with 3 stone built crofters' cottages leading down one leg. At the end of the courtyard lay the 2 up 2 down barn conversion.

It was a beautiful spot, remote, miles away from nearest shop and pub. The driveway was long and rutted and took you 1/2 mile from the nearest road. The road itself wound down a narrow valley with a small stream running down its edge, down to the village. 

This looked like the last hoorah I thought to myself as the car swung into the small courtyard. We were the first ones there and it was already 8.30 PM, pitch black with the snow coming down harder with every minute.

Terry and I started to unpack the car; we had the booze, 3 wine boxes, a few crates of beers, a couple of bottles of gin and vodka, some cider and mixers. We wanted a party but had not bargained for the type we would actually be getting. We assumed that a part from the breakfast cereal we unpacked we could get food the next day at the village shop.

We found the key under the boot scraper on the step, just where Mrs Bell, the landlady, always left it. We opened the door and tried to switch the light on but nothing happened.

The house was cold; indeed it felt like someone had sucked all the heat from it. There was also the distinctive smell of damp, we were probably the first booking of the year and the house hadn't been aired as a result of the poor weather.

There was enough light from the car headlights to see that Mrs Bell had left us a note on the table, apparently the power had been off all day and was due back on at any time. She had left us some candles and a torch, the fire had been set and there were plenty of logs.

Terry set about unpacking as I lit the fire. She slung a bag over her shoulder and went upstairs being led by the light from the torch.

"Derek, you better have a look at this." She shouted down.

I stumbled up the stairs to join her on the landing. She shone the torch into the small bedroom at the front of the house and then up at the ceiling. A large crack had opened and water was steadily flowing directly on to the bed below. She shone the torch across the landing, following the trail of water into the other bedroom; this too was dripping on to the bed.

"Mrs Bell would have gone by now." I said, "she's probably half way to her sisters' by now." 

There was no phone and a mobile signal was out of the question. At that moment we heard another car pull into the courtyard. I trotted down the stairs to greet the new arrival.

Half blinded by the bright car headlights I could just make out the shape of someone standing behind an open car door, it was Andrea.

"I thought no-one else was here. What's with the lights?" she called out.

"There's no power. It gets worse!" I shouted back.

Andrea has a slight but athletic build, small, perky breasts with short dark hair, a dark complexion and electric blue eyes. She has sleek and sharp features and looks rather boyish from behind, with slim hips and a tight butt. Andrea works as a primary school teacher. She also plays football, she is good as well by all accounts, but didn't gain the physique to make it at a higher level. She coaches and runs girls teams and still plays, even beyond the tender age of 30. She is 5 ft 3, a left sided midfielder; she has a real passion for the game and remains fiercely competitive, aggressive, a ladette on the pitch but demure and quiet off it.

She came across and took a hold of me to give me a big hug. This was a nice greeting, Andrea and I had never been all that close. I was always an extra to the group of girls from the college, somewhat of an outsider, I just turning up at weekends, driving 3 hours each week from my job in London. 

I am 6 ft 2, and am in reasonable shape (I still manage to jog and go to the gym), I have dark hair and brown eyes. 

Theresa, my wife and an original member of the group is the exact opposite to Andrea. She is 6 ft tall in her stocking feet, a real match for me in stature, taller than me in any kind of a heel. She is buxom, has long flowing and wavy blonde hair, is broad, with a 42 inch chest, that is now blossoming to a generous DD cup as she gains a little weight. She is larger boned and very curvy, not at all sporty nor competitive, but very sexual and horny, willing to try anything. She works a social worker; dealing with some seriously messed up kids and so likes to play hard when the chance arises.

The night remained bleak and dark and looked like it was drawing in further, the howling wind was strengthening and white lumps of snow were highlighted in the glow of the car headlights.

"What's worse?" Andrea asked as she hugged and greeted Terry.

"We have a slight leakage problem as well." I said, trying not to sound too alarmist.

At that moment the lights flickered on.

"Voila!" Terry exclaimed.

"The upstairs is out of action, I wouldn't put the lights on up there, come and have a look." I said leading both women up the steps.

We decided to strip the beds and try to dry some blankets off. We all thought there was little point in trying to get somewhere in the village until morning, as it was already past 9.00 PM and everywhere would be full. The weather didn't look all that good either.

The heating kicked in and the fire threw up to a roar, the small lounge and downstairs became warm very quickly. 

I rigged up a line in front of the fire as we sat having drinks.

"Sorry I was so late." Andrea chirped up. "I know I am the closest but I had to make a few stops along the way and a detour, I think the weather has blown a few trees down."

With that the room was plunged into darkness, the power had failed again.

"Oh God, never mind, it will be an adventure." Terry said lighting the candles.

We chatted and caught up on the past year and reminisced about times passed as we sat in front of the fire sipping at our wine. 

It was past midnight when we finally made up a rough bed on the floor in front of the fire, Andrea had found some dry blankets in a cupboard and the duvets had dried enough to sleep under. The room was warm and cosy as one by one we changed into night clothes and dived under the covers. The stone floor was hard but my back was well cushioned well enough by the deep pile of blankets underneath me.

We had all piled in together many times before so this wasn't as strange as it could have been.

We awoke the next morning to a glorious but rather concerning sight - a complete white out. The weather had worsened in the night, the wind had changed direction and we had about a foot of snow. The view across the valley was a real picture but we all knew that nothing would be moving.

"We ain't going anywhere in this." Andrea said dolefully.

"I'll get the fire going again, we've got plenty of wood, I saw some behind the bunker over the other side of the yard if we run out." I said cheerily.

"Still no lights," Terry said flicking at the switch.

"I'll catch the news on the radio," Andrea said, "I'll get some gear on and listen to the 9 o'clock news on the local station in the car, there's bound to be some kind of a report."

We all got dressed. I poked and prodded the fire back into life as the girls ate breakfast. There was no milk left as I completed my task and went into the tiny kitchen for my bowl of cereal.

"I'll go up the lane to the big house and see if anyone is in, they might have some milk." Terry said, grabbing at her coat and walking boots. 

Andrea grabbed her gear and went off out of the door with Terry, stopping at her car on the way.

It was some time before Andrea returned; the news of the weather wasn't good, warnings not to travel and of worse to come. 

"The lane looks a bit deep, I wouldn't risk it if I were you." Terry said as she came back through the door. "The big house is empty and locked up tight."

"Oh well, we'll just have to haul in for a couple of days, no food, no milk, just booze!" I joked.

The cottage was bathed in a bright half light reflected from the snow, the sky was still angry and snow flurried down in waves. The fire soon warmed us all through; I began stripping off layers as the heat penetrated my bones. Terry rigged up a pot to boil some water, so we could have hot drinks and even a wash. 

We had some deep conversations, even a protracted argument about the offside law in football. Terry was so excited that she just fell asleep.

By 3.00 PM it was getting dark, the candles were long since gone and there wasn't enough light to read so we just chatted and chatted.

Having exhausted all other options the conversation turned to Andrea and her lack of boyfriends. By this time we were all a little worse for the weather, snacking on dry corn flakes and well into the third box of wine. Terry was slurring and swaying, Andrea was loud and had lost her reserve, openly flirting and spilling the beans about lesbians on her football team and the bi's that will nail anything.

"I have a real thing about tongues." Andrea said, "That's why I can't get any boyfriends. The thought of their tongue inside my mouth, it makes me want to, ..... then its all over."

"What about oral sex?" asked Terry, rather forthrightly.

Andrea retorted in equally forthright tones, "I don't really like oral being done to me, especially with the guy's tongue. I won't swallow, in fact I don't really like the taste of it either, I am not on pill so they can't come in there and I don't like it over my face or tits." 

"What do you like then?" Terry responded.

"Most other things"

"But boys like a blow job and I love giving them," said Terry with a coy smile, her reserve beginning to wane.

"No wonder I don't get many boyfriends then."

"What other things do you like?" I asked. A long silence broke out. Andrea just stared into space.

"I get enough," she said, changing the subject, "I just don't to get to meet enough men in my game. "

Terry went off to the toilet, staggering and bumping her way through the small dark and cold kitchen. 

"Derek," Terry's voice yelled in a shriek, "the torch has run out."

Andrea shouted, "What size are the batteries?"

"Um, mid sized, I think." Came the faltering voice from the toilet.

Andrea dove straight for her capacious handbag, overturned it and a torrent of love toys spilled out from the inside. She grabbed a huge pink veined vibro, unscrewed the end calmly and extracted the batteries.

I watched opened mouthed as Terry re-appeared clutching the torch and the dead batteries. Andrea calmly inserted the replacements, turned it on and gave it back to Terry.

"There you are, as good as new." She said chirpily.

"Have you got any more like that?" Terry asked, suppressing a broad grin.

Andrea just shrugged it off and sat back down by the fire. She dipped down and sorted the collection of toys slowly and deliberately, lining them up along the mantle starting with a small glittery number, a double ended anal stimulator and a stubby butt plug.

"There, now you know." She said gesturing at the line of objects.

We both grinned but decided to treat this display as perfectly normal. 

After a long pause Terry said, "I know we'll play a game," trying to change the subject.

I searched the draw under the television, there were no games, but there were bits of boards, some Monopoly cards, a couple of dice, a few playing cards, but nothing that we could use.

"What about I-spy or charades?" I asked. Both girls curled their noses. 

"Perhaps something a little more adult - spin the bottle?" Again no joy

"I know what about playing truth or dare?" said Terry. "Andrea, tell us the true story of the vibros", she was banking on her competitive nature and diminished judgement kicking in. "Why have you got them here, why in your bag?"

Andrea took a deep breath, "Ok truth. I can't stop wanking, I have to do it every night five or six times until I orgasm, sometimes I get myself off in the lunch break or in the car – I had to stop and wank off in lay-by three times on the way over that's why I was so late." Blushing she explained "It's the only way I can get off to sleep."

"Did you wank off in your car this morning" I asked, Andrea just went bright red, "I'll take that as a big yes then."

"What about last night? Did you," asked Terry.

"No, I do have some control over it you know." Andrea pouted back. "But I did slipe a finger or two in whilst you were asleep."

I coughed to break the thread and change tack, trying to mitigate Andrea's obvious embarrassment.

"What about your truth or dare?" she said looking at me, "Isn't this the ultimate male fantasy, two women and you, snowed in, you know a threesome. Didn't you do it college?"

I nodded slowly to confirm the stories from college, Terry the notorious bi.

"I heard stories but didn't fully believe them," Andrea said. "No wonder she was never short of boyfriends."

"Something kept me coming up from London every week, I wouldn't drive for 3 hours on a Friday night and back early on Monday morning for nothing would I?" I added.

"Tell me the details," Andrea said leaning forward with an excited look.

"Do you remember Ruth, the tall dark haired one with the massive tits?"

"Yeah"

"I did her, she begged me to fuck her after Terry had been licking her out. Terry is really good at licking out"

"What about the coloured girl, Trishia?" Andrea asked.

"Oh yes, she's the one that liked ATM, my cock from Terry's arse to her mouth, a real naughty one that one"

"Who was the best?"

"Besides Terry?"

Terry butted in, "That has to be Charlotte, God she was a real dirty cow"

"Insatiable too," I added, "I suppose she caught me at my best, she would keep both of us at it all night, I don't think I could keep up now, do you know what she is doing now?"

"Last time I heard she was working in the city." 

Terry, jumped in again "She had the widest arsehole I have ever seen, she could cram two of anything up there, cocks, bananas, cucumbers, anything"

"Did you see her do that?" Andrea asked in amazement.

"Oh yes", we both nodded

"Did any refuse?"

"Oh yes, the ginger girl, Eve, she wouldn't go in for a threesome."

Terry smiled wryly and said quietly, "But she did go in for me once or twice."

"It's time for Terry's truth or dare – do you find me attractive?" Andrea asked looking straight into her eyes.

"Nice tits and a tidy arse," Terry responded looking Andrea up and down, "nice smell," breathing on to the back of Andrea's neck, "but a worrying tongue aversion, I wouldn't get a good licking." 

"How did you get all of your room mates into bed?" Andrea pushed further.

Terry, with a sexy grin and looked over at me and said "Later"

"I like to watch. Derek has a bigger than average cock, not in length but girth.

I love to watch a girlfriend struggle to get her jaws around his cock and to see her tight hole stretched over and around his thick prick. Hardcore wasn't easy to get a hold of back then, we had no telly and to make our own entertainment, I have largely grown out of it since then, the kids came along and we haven't really done a threesome since we got hitched." She said, wistfully.

Terry continued, "There has been too much truth and not enough daring," stirring Andreas competitiveness further.

Andrea said, "I know another game"

She gathered the two dice from the drawer under the television.

"The game is quite simple," she instructed, "it is called odd and even. It is based on a game that one of the footie team girls played, although she did it with two guys. I have been thinking about how it could be adapted. It starts with us two girls taking it in turns to throw the first dice"

"You are even and the other girl is odd. If you throw an even number it happens to you and if you throw an odd one it happens to the other girl"

"What happens?"

"It's all about where you would receive an object of pleasure. If it is a 2 it happens to your mouth, a 4 to your tits and a 6 to your cunt. Even numbers"

"If it is a 1, 3 or 5 it happens to the other girl, although it could be in different places."

Terry, "Can I choose where I want it?"

Andrea, "Oh yes"

"What each time? Can we mix and match?"

Andrea continued, "I can't see why not, we'll have to see how it goes, perhaps we could leave it up to the other person or even Derek. But you must say it before the dice is thrown – OK?"

"OK"

"OK, Terry, 2 mouth, 4 cunt, 6 arse. Me 1 tits, 3 cunt, 5 arse. Derek you throw the other dice"

Even numbers are for the actions, 2 mouth, 4 fingers, 6 prick.

"What about the odds?"

"The odd girl, the one who isn't getting anything does them, 1 mouth, 3 fingers, 5 toy instead of prick"

Terry, "I don't get it"

"If I am throwing it is my turn I get the evens Terry gets the odd numbers. Throwing a 3 that means Terry is due to get something in her cunt. If you then throw a 3 on your dice that means I have to finger her."

"Oh, I get it." Terry said nodding her head with one big lunge.

"Let's have a test – Terry you throw."

"Go 5 or 6!" I called out in excitement,but not really knowing why.

"A 3, odd, you are even so that means I would get it in the cunt. Now Derek you throw" Andrea stated.

A 2, even, mouth, that means he goes down on me, although we may have to do some negotiating about that."

"We can mix it up a bit can't we?"

"What happens when I throw a 3, so you get it in the twat, then Derek throws, say a 5?"

"The other girl, the even one in this case does it. You would fuck me with a toy, Derek gets to watch"

Each turn lasts 2 minutes, I'll set my watch.

"Is 2 minutes enough?" I asked.

"Sure I can get myself off in less than 30 seconds if I want to." Andrea said passing Terry the dice. "First throw, Terry, a 4. " She provided the commentary. "Second throw, Derek, a 4 also. Derek gets to finger Terry." 

I pulled Terry's jogger bottoms down as Andrea set her watch.

I proceeded to finger fuck Terry whilst Andrea watched, open mouthed. Memories of college came flooding back as I folded my fingers inside her tight red lacy briefs. I managed to get Terry's cunt to juice up nicely, just before the time limit made the beeper go off on Andrea's watch. It beeped loudly, breaking Terry's concentration on my fingers running up down her smooth inner gash.

She opened her eyes and silently passed the small wooden dice to Andrea. Andrea in turn rocked on to the floor and hurled the dice excitedly. She scored a 3, then I threw another 2.

Andrea pouted as she announced that I was to go down on Terry. She pulled herself back up on to the sofa and made herself comfortable. She leant in and started her stop watch as I began the show by pulling down Terry's knickers to expose her bushy blonde pubes.

I went down on Terry at warp speed, ignoring the niceties of foreplay, lapping and sucking directly at her clit. She gasped and clenched her teeth as I excited her tender and hidden nub. When she was almost at the point of orgasm Andrea's beeper went off again. Terry sighed with disappointment as I withdrew my tongue, licking my lips I spun around towards Andrea. She passed the dice back to Terry and shakily Terry took her turn. Terry threw a 1, then me a 3, this mean it was my turn to watch. I got myself comfortable and pressed the button to start the clock.
