 Ever since she was a little girl she'd gone by the nickname of Snow. That wasn't her real name of course, her real name was Jessica. Jessica Whit. She'd been borne a blonde, but by the age of three, her blonde hair had literally turned bright white, and had remained so ever since. A rare genetic trait which she'd come to appreciate more and more the longer her hair grew. And with a last name of Whit, it soon followed that not only her parents, but soon all of her friends simply called her Snow. Snow Whit without the e. 

And just like her name, she came to love the outdoors, especially during the wintertime. The beauty of the mountain snows, the smell of the fresh crisp air, the almost fairy like atmosphere after a particularly heavy snow when the trees, meadows and everything about was carpeted and hidden away beneath the splendor of it all, beneath all that pure white crispness.

Her parents had built a fairly nice cabin on a rather large piece of property high in the mountains, a place they very often came to stay at during the summer for long extended periods of time. And as much as she enjoyed the beauty of the summer months when being there, Snow actually preferred coming during the winter, either just before the first major snow fall, or shortly thereafter when everything was undisturbed. The only real problem with that at the time was that Snow's father wouldn't allow her to go up there alone, not until she had turned of legal age, had moved out and gotten a place of her own. Even then she had to promise them to call, using the old style ham radio her father had insisted on putting up in the cabin whenever she went for a visit, especially during the winter months.

At times, days would go by while Snow was up there where she couldn't go or do much of anything, the blizzards could be fierce, intense and last for hours at a time, often nearly snowing her in. Another reason that there were several snow mobiles kept there in the event that she might have to use one in order to get back down to the main road just outside the property where she usually parked her car in the event of inclement or bad weather, and where yet another small garage had been built where they kept yet another snow mobile if one was needed in order to reach the cabin that way.

Snow loved her time alone. She enjoyed the simple pleasures of life for one thing, but she also had another joy that she didn't share much with very many others. She enjoyed writing. She had even written a few children's books, which she'd sold, and even made a little money from, which allowed her to begin doing that for a living. Quite often Snow used the excuse in coming up to her parent's cabin where she could be left alone to write, concentrate without being disturbed. Which she in fact enjoyed, but there were other reasons for doing that as well. As much as Snow enjoyed writing the books she had done, she preferred and enjoyed writing erotica even more.

She had in fact sold several of those stories too, though all under her Pen name of Snow White as opposed to Jessica Whit for the others. And quite often as she would then do, getting a nice warm fire going in the cabin, she would sit naked at her desk, her lab top open and begin to fantasize. Snow would create story after erotic story, one after the other until she had gotten herself so worked up and aroused from writing, she'd have to pause and take a break. She would then pleasure herself in a myriad of ways, enjoying her body, the explorations and arousals, some even new ones as she so uninhibitedly enjoyed herself.

Not that she didn't enjoy men, she did. But so far, each of her relationships had ended badly. Snow wanted to settle down with someone one day, get married, and have kids. But surprisingly, at the moment at least, that wasn't where she was at in her life. And ironically, all of the men she'd met so far, wanted to do just that. Something she wasn't ready for, so had given up trying to have the kind of uninhibited, no ties kind of relationship with anyone she'd prefer having. So for the moment at least, Snow was content to be by herself. And if that meant pleasuring herself rather than being with anyone, then so be it.

She knew she was reasonably attractive of course, though most men had said she was strikingly beautiful, though again she didn't see herself that way. Her long pure white hair falling well down her back, nearly reaching her ass was only one of her attributes that most men, and even a few women found alluring. Her others quite naturally, her firm well rounded medium sized breasts, larger than normal pink colored nipples, which when hard looked like thumb-sized little gum drops, and were extremely sensitive on top of all that. Additionally, Snow had always had a tight firm ass, which she personally thought of as her best feature, long legged, nearly six feet tall herself, giving her an even more Amazon woman like appearance. Something, which most men again found challenging, if not at times almost threatening. This too had led to a number of problems for her whenever she began seeing anyone. Most men simply assumed that Snow preferred the more dominant role, as she tended to look like she would. The simple truth of it all was, it was almost exactly the opposite. Snow found far more attraction in a man who quite naturally took control, though not in a demanding, really abusive sort of way, but one in more of a protected, though authoritative way.

She'd been watching the news and weather for weeks. It had already snowed of course, so she knew there'd be a few inches on the ground around the cabin, but the first major snowfall of the year hadn't as yet happened. When the evening news came on, and then the weather, forecasting what would finally be the first major snowstorm of the year, Snow immediately made plans to be at the cabin just in time for it. She had packed enough provisions to last herself a week, though her father had insisted on having enough canned and dried goods stored there to last a month beyond that. And every year they had gone up, chopped wood, and had a month's supply of dried wood set aside inside a special wood bin close to the main fire place which nearly filled an entire wall itself.

Parking her Jeep close to the road just inside her parent's property, even though she could have easily driven it all the way up to the cabin, she unloaded everything she had brought with her into the small sled trailer her father had also made, which she then attached to the snow mobile hauling up everything that way. Snow settled in shortly after that, venturing outside for a brief walk about the property after having gotten a nice warm fire going first. Primarily, because she enjoyed doing so while naked. There was just something about walking around out of doors in the nude, even when it was cold with snow on the ground. Snow had built up a tolerance for doing so, and could do so for longer than normal periods of time before she needed to warm up again. Doing so, made her feel even more alive, but even more importantly, very, very aroused, which is when she would then sit down and begin to write.

She had already finished the first of many new stories she'd planned on doing. Sufficiently aroused enough as it was, Snow had gone over to the window looking out, the skies already hinting at the snowstorm expected in the following day. As she stood there, she then heard the sounds of several other snowmobiles growing louder and louder. Though her parents owned a great deal of property up here, not a lot of it had been fenced, though they'd never had any problems with anyone crossing through it either, especially as a small lake sat less than five miles away from the road at this point. Many had often driven through the area on their way up to visit it, which wasn't on their property. And some had come up during the winter in order to ice fish, though few really did so as it was so remote in getting too during the winter without the use of snowmobiles.

Snow stood in the window looking out, eventually saw a half dozen or so men passing by a few hundred yards away heading towards the lake. She knew at this distance, no one could possibly see her standing in the window the way she was, though she half wished that they could. She could almost imagine the startled, surprised looks on their faces if they had, seeing her standing there naked, aroused, her hand even then buried between her legs as she stood there.

She smiled knowingly. Stepping out onto the porch of her parent's cabin, it was still highly unlikely that anyone would be able to see her, especially at this distance. But it was just the simple thought of that possibility that she now found exciting. She could just make out the small group of snow mobiles as they passed by, though unable to determine if any of them looked her way, or could have seen her standing there in the nude as she was. Her nipples long ago having hardened, both from the cold as well as her arousal, her fingers busily toying with one, enjoying the tautness of it as it puckered pleasurably. Her freehand, likewise twirling, teasing and gently caressing her very swollen little clit.

Snow felt the goose bumps as they carpeted her body. The chilly cold of the mountain air no doubt adding to that as well, but she knew from previous experience, it was truly caused by her arousal, her naughty, decadent side coming out in her at that moment. It would be a quick one, less than earth shattering to be sure, but a nice tingly little cum that would soon after send her back inside the cabin to begin writing again. After another story perhaps, she would do so again, taking longer this time, using something wickedly devilish to use upon herself. She had used and enjoyed toys several times of course, but never ever brought any of them with her here. It was almost blasphemic the way she saw it, everything here was so natural, so pure, and Snow in keeping with that, preferred keeping her arousal almost as natural pure too. She'd discovered the oddest of joys, finding other things, which she'd most often use to stimulate herself with, many in ways, she no doubt thought no one else ever had.

Seconds later, Snow felt the delicious tingle between her legs, working her hard little clit until the gentle, almost too gentle spasms ended before heading back inside. She stood warming herself by the fire, and then sat and began writing, already her imagination leading her off into another series of erotic adventures.

**

"Hey Pete! What're you doing?"

He had stopped momentarily, taking a double look back towards the cabin. They had noticed coming up that there was smoke coming from the chimney, so it was obvious someone was actually staying there. Perhaps with the intention of doing some ice fishing as well since the small lake was now frozen over. They had been coming up here and doing this for years now, something which Pete and his six other buddies loved doing. And in all that time, they'd never been given any grief in crossing through what they all knew to be the owner's property. No signs had ever been posted as to there being no trespassing, but they'd also ensured they'd never left anything after their coming here that might one day require that either. The cabin sat a good three football fields distance away, but he swore he had seen something out of the corner of his eye, pulling up as the snow swirled about, briefly obscuring his vision. Pulling off his goggles, and then looking, he saw nothing however, and decided it had been nothing more than a trick of the eye.

"What was it? What'd you see?" His best friend Steven had asked him now looking over in the direction of the cabin himself.

"You'd never believe me if I told you," he smiled, shaking his head. "But obviously, I probably shouldn't believe myself either. What I thought I saw, I obviously didn't. Must be the fact it's been a while since I've been with anyone."

"What?" Steven again pressed curiously. "What did you think you saw?"

"I thought I saw, a nude woman, with bright white hair standing out on that porch there."

Steven looked back once again, more closely this time, straining his eyes. He laughed. "No fucking way. So that must be the reason," he chided his friend. "Come on, we're falling behind the others," he then added kicking his snow mobile back into gear hurrying on. Pete glanced back one more time himself, and then settled his goggles back down over his eyes, shaking his head, and soon followed.

Pete and his friends had come up a few weeks before, hauling up their gear along with the readymade fit easily together panels that would provide them a small amount of shelter as they sat on the lake. They even had a small heater that would provide them with some additional warmth as they took turns fishing, heating coffee which they'd supplement with some hot rum as they sat there, though there was plenty of whisky to go along with that too. And it wasn't even so much about the fishing itself they all looked forward to, more so the simple getting together as friends, something their wives for those who were married, allowed them to get together and do once a year. It was something they had always looked forward to, whether they had much luck fishing or not. And though they had planned on spending three days here this year, one of the other guys having a cabin less than five miles in the opposite direction, the concern of a fairly major storm moving in might threaten to cut their actual fishing time short. They had brought just enough supplies with them to spend a single night here out on the lake. Plenty of fuel for the small portable heater, their sleeping bags and portable cots that would keep them up off the cold ice. It wouldn't be the most comfortable of evenings perhaps, but one that was always talked about as being adventurous after they had.

It was a sturdy enough shelter, and large enough to support all of them and leave space to move around in. They had managed to cut two holes in the ice, set up their cots for the night, fired up the heaters, and sat back to relax and enjoy their time up there. Even the wind, which began howling later on that evening, bringing along with it the threat of the approaching storm, didn't worry or concern them. No one caught any fish that first night there either. But that wasn't all that important anyway. The dirty jokes, the confessed liaisons, whether real or imagined, were always the primary reason for being there in the first place. They exchanged stories, drank their hot rum and coffee liberally, and then settled in for the night as the storm finally arrived, though doing so with barely a hint of what was actually to come.

**

It had snowed all night long with the storm gradually intensifying. By morning, there was easily a good two to three feet of fresh snow covering the ground. Snow knew it wasn't the last of it either, with an even bigger storm expected to arrive later on that afternoon. At the moment however, the morning sun was well up, the fresh blinding-white snow blanketing everything, and she decided to ride out in it, possibly towards the lake, curious to some degree to find out how the others she'd seen go by the day before had weathered it.

Dawning her heavy parka and boots, Snow didn't figure to be gone all that long. The lake was less than five miles away, though a good hours ride out and then back. Just enough time to enjoy the fresh fallen snow, check on those she'd seen the day before, and then head back. She enjoyed the break, time to think through her thoughts before writing them down. Snow enjoyed this intimate time with herself, running through her most private of thoughts, fantasies and desires, and perhaps with luck, she might even stop somewhere along the way, take a few moments time out to again pleasure herself before heading back. Something she quite often did, and obviously enjoyed doing. Perhaps she might even do so within sight of the men she'd seen coming up here, though careful of course not to reveal herself while she did. Though she might again strip herself naked when doing so, heightening the chance of discovery at least. Adding that dangerous little element to her pleasures which she so thoroughly enjoyed doing. 

Snow had traveled nearly three-quarters of the way when she noticed the sky beginning to darken. It was obvious that the second storm would arrive far earlier than she'd been led to believe. She considered turning around, heading back, but the skies were still clear over the lake, and she figured she could still easily make it before the storm actually hit. She'd been out in worse before. Knowing these mountains like the back of her hand, she'd been in worse blizzards, and had always found her way back. Even in a blizzard Snow had an uncanny sense of direction, though she always kept her handy compass with her, another gift from her father which she'd come to treasure perhaps more than anything else. Pressing on then, she arrived at the edge of the lake just as it once again started to snow.

She knew the wind had muffled the sound of her snow mobile, especially after arriving, parking it just within the edge line of the trees near the shore. Out near the middle of the small lake, some two hundred yards or more perhaps, sat the shelter they'd built. A small fire burning inside, one or two of the men outside sitting in summer lawn chairs actually enjoying the sun just before it began snowing and blowing again.

Snow's private thoughts immediately fast-forwarding to an intimate fantasy she'd been working on earlier. She'd imagined herself with them, however many they might actually be. A situation not so farfetched from the reality of this one as she stood there imagining it. And as she did, she was again aroused, the thought of her standing there, naked, pleasuring herself while looking on, though cautious of course, and highly doubtful anyone would look over in her direction, spotting her as she stood there. Yet even that was a part of it, a part of the fantasy, in being found, in being seen while she did. 

And though the skies were darkening rapidly now, the winds already beginning to pick up with the snow beginning to fall already, Snow felt her arousal likewise intensify. 

"Just a quick naughty little cum," she told herself, stripping out of her clothing, tossing them onto the back of her snow mobile where she could quickly and easily find them again. Already her nipples were rock hard, both from the cold as well as her ever escalating desire. Two, and now three of the men stood out on the ice, though none looking over in her direction. Still, it was enough to fuel the flames of her exhibitionistic desires and needs. Snow stepped away a few feet from her snow mobile, fully revealing herself now should anyone look. One hand again toying and cupping her exposed breasts, her nipples screaming with the intensity of their firmness. She likewise again reached down between her legs, quickly locating, and then teasing her supersensitive spot between her legs, her clit swollen, on fire as she touched herself, momentarily lost in the pleasure of it as she fantasized and imagined her lusty liaison with the men there on the lake.

She felt herself finally nearing orgasm, even as the winds began whipping about her, the temperature dropping easily several degrees within the span of mere moments. But the fire between her legs kept her warm, unfeeling and uncaring at the moment as she slowly brought herself ever closer to the edge of ecstasy.

**

"Fuck Pete! That storms going to be here sooner than we expected, maybe we'd better haul the rest of this stuff back inside, if not actually think about heading back before it gets any worse. What do you think?" Greg asked, another one of Pete's good and dear friends.

Pete had stood intending to do just that, actually having had to chase down one of the flimsy camp chairs, which had collapsed and nearly blown itself away across the ice before reaching it. He had looked up then, his eyes once again seeing something he thought he'd seen earlier the day before. Was he in fact actually hallucinating? Was there some sort of spiritual Ghost on the lake that he was seeing, and that no one else could?"
