 I had just finished landing a nice lake trout when I noticed that the light snow had just turned heavy. It was Labor Day weekend and heavy snow was not common for this part of Colorado in the beginning of September. I decided that this would be my last trout for this solo hiking trip and I returned to my shoreline camp to cook my trout dinner. As it was still snowing after dinner, it meant an early evening, so I prepared to retire to my tent to get some sleep before the full day hike back down to my waiting car. 

The next morning, I peeked out of the tent to see more than a foot of snow on the ground. I very carefully rolled up my sleeping bag to keep it dry. The tent was going to be a problem as the exterior was wet from the snow; I packed it in my mesh bag so that it could breathe, and then loaded my pack for the long trek down the mountain. 

Less than an hour into my trip, it began to snow again. It was already a tough going, trying to keep up a good walking pace in this heavy wet snow. Soon it became difficult to see the trail. In these near white-out conditions, it did not take long before I knew that I was no longer on the trail. 

After a few more hours of slow walking in the tall snow, I realized that it was taking its toll on my body and I looked for a place to rest. A short time later, I heard a chopping sound. It was the sound of splitting wood that I knew quite well from my younger years on the farm. 

I was a year out of college in my first position after graduating and this was my first real vacation , even though it was only a few days tacked onto a holiday weekend. And now, I was thinking that I might not make it back to work on time after this trip. 

Again, I heard the chopping, but who would be splitting wood in this weather and where was I on this mountain, as there were no buildings or structures, or even roads to my knowledge anywhere near the trail that I took up the mountain. The snow began to lighten in its fall, but it was still deep so, I decided to follow the sounds of likely the only other person on this mountain, for a bit of a rest. 

A short time later, I saw a lean-to ahead of me. I could see that the lean-to was just large enough to swing the ax and keep oneself out of the weather. As I adjusted my angled to walk towards the lean-to, I could see a man at his work. He appeared to be well suited to the rough environment on this mountain. 

As I approached, I looked around to observe the full scene. The lean-to was connected to what I would call a small barn. I also saw a small rustic cabin that was a bit nicer than the barn and well, nothing else. But where was this man's transportation? Certainly he had a vehicle, but none of the buildings had a large enough door that could house a vehicle. This was a bit perplexing. There was a small clearing; around the perimeter of the clearing was a solid line of trees. But there was no trail wide enough for a vehicle to pass between the trees. I continued my trudge in the deep powder to introduce myself to this hard-working man.

Before I could say anything, the man looked up as he saw me walking towards him, stopped his work and removed his hat for just a moment. 

"What the hell are you doing out here in this mess?" the man blurted out. "Come on, grab a load of logs and bring 'em inside." 

He did not even introduce himself, but quietly grabbed a handful of logs and walked off. I grabbed as many as I could carry with my backpack on and followed behind him. Not too far away was a small cabin, smaller than a 2 car garage. I stepped inside, closed the door and saw a woman who appeared to be a decade older than me, not skinny but, with all the right curves. She was wearing panties and a man's t-shirt that way too large for her, as the neck opening was exposing her left shoulder. Her breasts pushed out on the front of the shirt, surprisingly perky and quite full. I then realized that I was staring and looked away. I walked over, dropped the split logs along with my pack that was very heavy by this time and I turned around. She looked at me but her gaze quickly dropped to the floor. She said nothing but went back to her house work and ignored me. 

I looked around at both of them and they were busy at doing what I thought was next to nothing, thus I thought that perhaps this is the cause or result of being isolated: no social skills. 

"Hello, my name is Thomas." I offered. Hearing no reply, I added, "And who do I have the pleasure of being the guests of, that has rescued me from this storm." My words were a bit stumbling as I started to speak without thinking my thoughts through.

"Well, I am Mike and this here is Tina," Mike said in a country twang. Tina looked up at me for a brief moment and then back down to the sweeping that she was doing on the rough wood floor. "Well, ya didn't answer the question," Mike paused for a moment, "What brings you out here?"

"Sorry, I was fishing up at Trout Lake and I guess I lost the trail. I have been walking for hours, so I am not quite sure that I know what part on the mountain I am on right now." I backed up and told them the full story of my several days on this hiking / fishing trip while at the same time stopping to look over to Tina who would snap her eyes away from me at every glance I took at her. I could tell that Tina was listening to my story, while not looking away from her light house work. Although it appeared to me that the house work that she was doing, was just a ploy to appear busy. 

"Well, let me tell you," offered Mike, "No one gets by for free, everyone pulls their own weight and you do it right the first time." This appeared to be the motto that he lived by and I thought it a bit odd that he just started up the conversation with this comment. "Now, go outside and bring in another load of wood for the stove!" He demanded. 

I headed out directly, just as he requested and returned with a load of split logs from the lean-to. Upon my return, there was a bit of light conversation but one could tell that he was a man of few words and Tina was a woman of none, at least none so far. I offered my remaining trout up for dinner and Tina prepared the meal. She was a very good cook. After the meal, Mike went about clearing the plates and began washing the dishes. They appeared to have a sharing relationship when it came to the chores, as they split the workload evenly. At that time I began to survey the room to locate a place for my sleeping bag. At the same time, Mike was moving the tub of water from the dishes (A tub, because they had no sink) and spilled the tub of water onto my sleeping bag.

Mike remarked, "Well, that's unfortunate." I thought that was an odd thing to say. I did not realize it at that time that the makeshift drain to empty the tub into, was at the other side of the counter. What I did notice was that nothing else got wet, just my sleeping bag, and it was drenched to the core. "Well, you will just have to share our bed." Mike offered as he hung up my sleeping bag on a line by the stove. I noticed that they had a queen sized bed that was disproportionately large for the room. The bed was supported by a beautiful handmade wood frame, made from logs that I am confident came from what was now a small clearing just outside the cabin door. 

By this time, it was getting late and I was looking forward to a good night's sleep, followed by an early hike down the mountain. Mike must have read my mind as he suggested that I get some sleep while he went outside to finish his chores. As it was only a single room, I grabbed my workout shorts and t-shirt and then waited a moment for Tina to turn around. As she did, I dropped by pants and quickly put on my shorts. I tossed on my t-shirt and slid into bed and tried to settle into the far side and snuggle tightly to the wall. Soon, Mike returned, quickly disrobed and climbed into bed. A short time later Tina climbed over Mike and slid into bed between us and snuggled up to Mike. I became aroused, but I was able to fall asleep a short time later. 

I woke up in the middle of the night with Tina's round full butt cheeks pressed hard into my groin, I then felt her reach down and pull down my boxer shorts, from my hip. I did not know what to think. What was happening? Was she making a move on me just inches away from her husband? Her hand returned to my hip at the mattress, but why did I raise my hip off the bed to allow her to lower my shorts down to mid thigh? There was very little movement as she again positioned her butt cheeks into my groin. I quickly swelled up hard. She raised her butt higher up my body towards my chest. As she did this, my penis sprung out in between her legs and throbbed up and down. She slowly lowered her hips down along my body with only the slightest movement of the bed. She was very slow and deliberate in her movements. She then lowered her butt cheeks down to apply pressure on my shaft. Without moving her hands and with only the smallest movements, she circled her vaginal opening around the tip of my throbbing penis. As she continued her slow movements, I could feel that there was no need for lubrication as she was dripping wet from her own excitement. 

She moved away slightly and I almost gasped, that's when I realized that she began to rub the tip of my penis on her clitoris. This was as exciting for me as straight vaginal sex. This probably lasted for only a minute or two but still was very thrilling for me. She then skillfully positioned my penis back to her vagina and in one soft and slow movement she slid over my penis all the way to the base. I stayed motionless in the bed. I was expecting her to slide up and down on my member, but that did not happen. She began to squeeze her vaginal muscles around me and relax, squeeze and relax. I joined her with our mutual 'Kegel exercises'. She would squeeze, I would squeeze. We had a great rhythm going on, yet not really moving at all. This was so very exciting and seemed to last forever. 

I lost all track of time as I focused on her actions, then mine. It was quite some time, but I finally felt my orgasm approach, but I knew that I could not thrust or risk waking Mike up, who was right there, just a few inches away. I could tell that he was asleep from his breathing and occasional light snore. It took at least 5 more minutes of being on the edge of orgasm and at this point I could barely stand it. I stopped my squeezing and just pressed hard against her ass. I attempted to control my breathing, but I know that I was failing to be completely silent. Tina must have been able to tell that I was very close now, but she too held back from thrusting and continued to rhythmically squeeze and relax. I pushed into her as hard as I felt that I could without moving her. She has to know how close to orgasm I was, because she began to squeeze me in rapid succession. I finally released my molten hot load deep into her. It was possibly the best orgasm that I have ever had. The grin on my face must have been huge as I remembered every moment of the last 90 plus minutes in great detail. I began to drift off to sleep when my penis shrunk that last little bit and popped out of her vagina. I pulled up my boxers and attempted to relax. It took a few more minutes but I was able to settle into a deep sleep.

My next memory was only half-waking up to a sore penis, from having an erection that lasted for such a very long time. The memory of our activities from the middle of the night was still fresh in my mind. How was it even possible to have sex with a man's wife without him knowing, while he was in the same bed? Was it truly possible to slip one past the goalie, when the goalie was right there only a few inches away? And then the horror set in; what if he did wake up at any point last night? How would he react to learning about me having sex with his wife? I could be in real trouble in this secluded setting, when no one knows that I am here. 

I then gradually slid to a slightly more awake state and realized that it had to be Tina moving in the bed. I sneaked one eye open but could see very little in the dark room. My first true realization as I began to wake was that she had a full grasp of my penis shaft, and she was bearing down hard. My mind quickly jumped back to the horror of getting caught by Mike. I opened my eyes to look straight down, only to confirm my thoughts. It was her, what the hell was she doing? I just knew that this was not going to end well for me. I adjusted my gaze over to Tina, and to my surprise, I saw Mike on top of Tina pounding away in an aggressive sexual display. 

He was totally engrossed with a hard and fast thrusting into Tina, as he lay directly on top of her in a straight missionary position, with his head buried over her shoulder. I looked over to Tina and our eyes met in the dim light of the early morning dawn. She was staring directly at me as her body and head were bouncing about from the pounding her husband was giving her, yet her gaze did not break from me. Soon, he finished with 5 long hard and rhythmic thrusts. He fell upon her with his full weight. She maintained her firm grip on my penis from under the covers the entire time. Mike did not move for a moment, and at that time, I could see the longing in her eyes that she wanted more. 

I had not known her to have an orgasm with her husband, at least while I was awake. Come to think of it, she did not orgasm last night with me either, as far as I could tell. At this time, he rolled off of his wife and slowly sat up on the edge of the bed facing away from me. I looked at his back, then over to her and back to him, but I did not move a muscle. What should I do at this time? Should I pretend to be asleep? But how would it be possible to sleep through all of this action. He knew that I was right here in bed with them and still had sex with her. What was he thinking having sex with me in the bed with them? I widened my frame of view to see both of them. Mike then stood up, turned around and looked at Tina, then looked over to me with my eyes wide open showing a face of shock. I dared not speak, but decided to wait for him to talk. Did he know about my liberties from earlier that night? Was I in real danger at this moment? What the hell was he thinking? 

Finally, Mike spoke, "No one gets by for free. Everyone pulls their weight." I was expecting the third part of his motto, but instead... "Now get in there and finish what I started," Mike said as he gestured to his wife. 

"Ah, What!" fumbled from my lips, as this did not make any sense to me. What was he saying? The confusion must have been obvious from my expression. 

Before I could form another bumbling thought, Mike rescued me by saying, "It is harder to get this woman off, than it is to remove a seed tick after it's been buried in your backside for a week. Finish her off for me, and I suggest that you do not stop until you make her scream." He continued. "Now get with it, so I can start my morning chores." With those words, Tina grabbed my bicep and tugged. I could see before that she was begging me with her eyes and now her hands joined in on her longing. So I obliged her, and rolled closer with Tina's pull on my arm and landed with my lips to her breast. 

As I began to suckle and tease her nipple, Mike spoke again, "That's close enough." And with that, he began to dress and headed outside, with only a short glance back at the two of us sharing his bed and exploring each other's bodies. He closed the door behind him and I could hear the sounds of crunching snow as he walked away. 

I returned to my newly assigned task, and it got me thinking about my training from my first college girlfriend and how she had trained me right, because, as I started college, I knew nothing about women and my girlfriend could tell that right off from our first romantic encounter. So that on our second encounter, she signed me up for an extracurricular class and started this as a teaching lesson right there in the bed. She took control of the situation with her confidence and gentle voice as she walked me through the process of how to treat, care for, respect and help a woman to find true pleasure in the sexual experience. I was a fumbling student with her at first, but became a quick study. I enjoyed her direct tutoring session and soon, she was reaching multiple orgasms with our every encounter. Though we later grew apart, I will always cherish her for the gift she gave me during my freshman year. 

I quickly remembered where I was and got busy with putting my college-learned lessons to work. Tina had presented me with a wonderful gift in the middle of the night and now with her husband's permission, she deserved the best sexual experience that I could give her. I started slowly by caressing her neck with my lips and worked my way down to her breasts. Using my lips and hands all around the perimeter of her breast, I was just waiting for her to beg for focus on her nipples. When I did finally move to her nipples, I could feel the arch in her back as she pushed upward towards my working lips. She was totally engaged in the moment, like she had never had this level of attention focused on her. 

And as I continued to work on her pleasure, while enjoying every minute of this myself, it dawned on me that perhaps she has never received this level of attention. Most every man is a selfish lover until a woman shows him the best way for her to enjoy the sexual experience. And by the brief view of their earlier sex, it appeared that Mike might have never been taught these lessons. 

I returned my attention to her as I kissed my way down her waist and then to the edge of her pubic hairline. I could tell that she was begging for me to dive in, but instead I jumped to kiss her inner thighs, while my hands gently caressed every part of her legs. Her hands moved to return my caress, however, by this time she could only reach my head and shoulders. I split my attention as one hand messaged her left foot while the other lightly touched her inner thigh right to the point where her upper legs end. I could feel her melt and quiver at my touch. As I began to work on her right foot, I allowed my hand to finger her vagina. She pushed her hips into my hand as my finger easily slipped into her, being well lubricated by her husband's activity just moments ago. 

Just then, Mike walked back in with his hands full of chicken eggs from his morning chores. He immediately barked out, "Are your guys still at this? Just taking your time, Hmmm. Well, make it count." And with that, he set down the eggs and walked back out without adjusting his coat. It struck me as a bit odd, as my naked body was intertwined with his wife, with no sign of covers anywhere in sight. His comments were so relaxed and straightforward as if he was talking to a neighbor across the backyard fence. 

I turned my focus to her clitoris, already well lubricated and fully engorged. I worked on this for several minutes using light touches then splitting my attention, I inserted a finger from my left hand and worked on her g-spot with a 'come here' of the finger and with two fingers of my right hand I made a circular motion around her clitoris. It did not take long for her to approach a climax. I could not tell which hand was responsible for her orgasm but I kept my movement going and all the way through her climax that seemed to last for a solid 30 seconds. I did not stop my actions and it was less than a minute when she climaxed again, with a bucking action like a rodeo bronco. 

At this time, I was leaking pre-cum from my penis because my erection was as solid as it was the night before. I climbed on top and slowly inserted my penis into her eager cavern. Once fully inserted I began a few rhythmic thrusts. I paused and lifted her hips and rolled onto my side. I continued the roll and pushed her the rest of the way around to position her on top of me. She began with slow and steady movements forward and back. I pulled her knees up to my waist one at a time and encouraged her to sit up on top of me. Her glorious melons hung swaying in front of me. My hands almost instinctively moved to her breasts. They were so round, full and flowing with her moving rhythm, that I gave them my direct focus and attention. She appeared to be totally engrossed in driving her hips forward and forcing her clitoris hard against me with every thrust. 
