 A story based in North West England (UK). 

The names have been changed to protect the guilty.

A married couple need a spark. Then they meet Sarah and Steve...

*****

His groans and her excited, high pitched squeals, pierced the calm silence of the early Sunday morning, disturbing the sweet singing of the blackbirds outside in their small suburban garden.

Sarah smiled, listening to them, from upstairs in her bedroom. She lay back, snuggled tightly, cradled between George's thick legs, his back resting against the headboard. She could feel his cock still pulsating heavily, pressed cosily into the small of her back. Her hand casually stroked Dave's short, fair hair as he lay, breathing deeply, almost panting with satisfaction, on her thigh.

"Oh God...Oh God, Steve...I'm cumming again!" Bodies slapped together, skin on skin, faster, louder, harder, building into a crescendo of ecstatic screams of delight, followed by a deep masculine groan.

Sarah knew that her boyfriend had released himself once more, spurting high up inside Alysia's receptive tummy. He probably had her bent over the arm of the sofa, her face pressed into the cushions. He liked to fuck the other girls there, he'd said. It gave him the perfect position, the perfect angle, to be deep inside them. To make them really feel him.

A snort of laughter and giggling followed soon afterwards. The sheer bliss of mutual orgasms was surely the best aphrodisiac known to man.

Reaching over to the bedside table, she fumbled for her cigarettes. She passed one to Dave and then another, back over her shoulder to George. They lit up, inhaling deeply, relaxing, and coming down. She glanced at Dave and grinned. He grinned back, eyes twinkling, broad chest rising and falling, his now flaccid, but still large cock, rested, well used, against his belly.

She guiltily looked behind her into George's face and smiled. She tenderly ran her fingertips over his square, stubbly chin. He smiled back, took another drag and sighed.

Sarah didn't know why she felt guilty. Yes, it was her boyfriend, Steve, fucking Alysia downstairs, but here she was, cradled between Alysia's husband, George's legs. Her firm, naked breasts and her tanned, taut tummy, freshly spattered with his cum.

She felt Dave's warm spunk, seeping cosily from her stretched, crimson pussy, trickling from between her legs, onto the damp sheets.

She took another long drag and sighed too. Her pussy involuntarily trembled. Fuck, these guys were good. They definitely hit all the right spots. She looked forward to their fortnightly get-togethers. Mostly, it was just her and her boyfriend Steve, with George and his wife Alysia. Occasionally, like last night, Dave would be invited to join in too, but only when he could make up a sufficient enough excuse to be away from his new wife, Kate, for a night.

Having these two men was just wonderful. George's fingers and tongue would caress and lick her all over, bringing her to the boil. Dave, horny and rough as always, would take over and repeatedly slam his thick, incessantly hard cock into her, making her eyes roll in delight. Cumming, cumming, and, Oh God, cumming again.

She flicked some ash into an empty wine glass on the bedside table. George's heart thumped hard on her back. Well, she thought, it had been a pretty exhausting, strenuous session. She glanced at their alarm clock. Eight am. Four hours since they'd returned from the club.

The giggling and animated chattering continued downstairs and then the stairs creaked as they slowly crept upstairs to the bedroom door.

"Mornin' everyone!" Alysia gushed excitedly as she gaily entered the room. George and Dave grunted quietly.

"And a good morning to you, Alysia, you noisy little minx!" Sarah smiled, "I hope Steve was a good little boy for you?"

"As always!" Alysia said, "He's a fucking stud!" She grinned and turned to look at Steve as he breathlessly limped into the room.

"Oh, for fuck's sake, Steve!" Sarah exclaimed, staring at her boyfriend's flagging cock. His eyes followed hers down, to the source of her agitation. His pink condom still attached, straining and ballooned with the copious amounts of juice he'd just pumped inside Alysia, encouraged by her lustful gyrating.

"Whoops!" he sniggered apologetically and stripped it, with a snap, from his spent tool. He nonchalantly threw it towards a small bin in the corner.

"Dirty fucker!" Sarah said in disdain, "Come over here...the pair of you!"

George and Dave grinned.

Alysia danced excitedly over on her tip toes and threw herself onto the bed, locking herself in a deep kiss with her husband. "Have a nice time?" She whispered into his ear. He nodded with a loving smile, stroked her cheek tenderly and kissed her back.

She was an attractive woman. Not a slim girl, but not overweight either - she carried herself well. She had a gorgeous, contagious smile and the boys certainly lusted after her curvy figure. The way her large, heavy tits bounced as she vigorously rode their rigid lengths was a sight to behold.

Sarah stroked Alysia's smooth thigh and smiled sweetly at her. She wasn't interested in the girl on girl games which Sarah sometimes indulged in with her other special friends. Occasionally, they would teasingly undress each other and lightly kiss, just to get the boys in the mood. She definitely preferred a man's touch.

---------

Sarah and Steve had met them a year earlier at a wine bar in Manchester city centre. It was one of their games they liked to play; they would pretend that they were both single, go out to a bar or club, secretly and hungrily search around, looking for entertainment. Somebody they could share. It could be a man, a woman, or maybe both. Maybe more. They didn't care. 

Sarah knew she had become a slut, encouraged wholeheartedly by her boyfriend. She was proud of it. She had the looks, the body and an insatiable, sexual appetite. She knew she would get fucked tonight. Who with and how, was the real thrill.

During the day she acted demure and ladylike as her job as a nursery school assistant. At the weekend, like this Saturday night, she would wear a little, tight, thigh length dress, making sure to display her impressive cleavage. Her long brunette hair and pouty Mediterranean looks together with her well maintained, gym toned body could encourage arousal in any red blooded man. Most times, her tiny white panties were just visible through the thinness of her dress. She was lucky enough not to have to wear a bra, as her breasts, although large, were pert, firm and curved upright, like a teenager's.

Steve could watch her hitting on someone at a bar, feeling his cock swell, as he admired her brown, chocolate nipples, temptingly visible through her dress, become erect and firm, depending on her target's response.

Sarah had approached them, this particular cold February night, encouraged by her boyfriend, after they had noticed them sitting at the bar, looking around, nervously and unsure. 

It was George's dark looks, his collar length black hair and deep tan which had first attracted Sarah. That, and also his occasional, naughty glances directed her way. Alysia held onto his hand firmly for confidence, her hair black too, flawless skin, dark but welcoming eyes. They had Greek heritage written all over them. In their mid-forties, they could have easily passed for ten years younger.

She had edged in and broken the ice by admiring Alysia's little black cocktail dress. They seemed to be glad of her company and they relaxed and started to chat amiably. Sarah stroked her hand suggestively over George's hairy arm, chuckling at his little witticisms and jokes, holding his eye. Trying to guage their reaction. Their reaction obviously proved positive. She could sense George's manly lustfulness by the way he playfully cupped Sarah's trim ass with his large hand and slowly pulled her closer to him. Sarah's nipples became more defined on her breasts as Alysia smiled at her, raising her eyebrows, obviously aware of, and allowing, her husband's flirty behaviour. 

It couldn't be this easy...could it?

Sarah put her hand over her mouth in mock surprise. "Oh damn, I forgot...my boyfriends' still sitting over there, waiting for me!" She pointed to some random place in the bar room.

"Bring him over, let's have a drink."

Sarah smiled and pushed past the busy crowd. She reached Steve, pretending to be engrossed in his mobile phone. "I think we're in here, Ste..." she whispered, stroking the back of his neck with her fingertips. 

He looked up and grinned. "Dirty flirt! That didn't take you long!" Rising from his seat, he made a pretence of being shy and followed his girlfriend over to the bar to meet the new couple.

"This is Steve, oh, and I'm Sarah!"

Steve shook George's hand firmly and then reached over to peck Alysia on her cheek.

"George and Alysia" George replied. The four of them spent a brief moment, smiling politely at each other, assessing one another. Alysia held Steve's eye and then lowered her gaze shyly, and glanced at her husband. They both grinned reassuringly at each other, as all couples do.

"Do you come here often?" Alysia blurted out, then realised, embarrassingly, what she'd just said. The other three laughed.

"Sounds like you're trying to pick me up, Alysia!" Steve replied, still laughing.

"Oh God, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. That must have sounded so corny! Just shows that we don't get out much!"

"It's OK, Alysia. It's nice to be hit on by an attractive girl once in a while!"

"Oh God, thanks Steve!" She looked him in the eye and held his hand. "I'm flattered." She continued to hold his gaze with her sparkling eyes.

George interrupted. "Hey folks, why don't we order a bottle of wine and sit on that table over there?" He stroked Sarah's tight ass cheeks once again. "I think a fine young couple like you deserve a glass or two for putting a smile on Alysia's face." 

They all smiled agreeably. "Yeah, why not!" Steve replied, a burgeoning hard-on beginning to weigh heavy in his pants.

------------

George and Alysia lived out of town in a small village in Derbyshire. The two restaurants they owned had kept them both busy with little time for themselves. The talk was easy, the wine flowed. Steve ordered a second bottle of white and continued talking to George about the day's football results. Sarah and Alysia found much in common too. After a couple of large glasses and with her guard down, Alysia had started commenting on other people in the bar. 

She told Sarah that she and her husband liked to be around younger people. They were all so much brighter and had more energy, she said. They all looked so sexy. Sarah agreed, but Alysia pressed on, whispering quietly to Sarah that she and her husband missed a bit of spark in their sex life. They had thought a night out in town might ignite a little more passion.

"You know, we might meet somebody, someone who could help us out. Get some ideas..."

"What do you mean?" Sarah replied, grinning, acting surprised.

Alysia hesitated, glanced around, and then leaned closer to Sarah. "Well, we've always been a bit boring in the bedroom department." She grinned, embarrassed and then looked into Sarah's eyes to check that she understood.

"Uh huh"

"We feel that we may have missed out on one or two things..."

"Like what?" Sarah asked, furrowing her eyebrows. She knew, however, where this conversation was headed.

"Well, I looked at George's mobile the other day, while he was in the shower." She paused for reassurance.

"Yeah...and?"

"I found these stories and pictures of other couples on there."

"And...?"

Alysia cast her eyes down shyly and picked up her glass. "I shouldn't really be telling you all this!"

"Oh, go on...!"

"Well...It was pictures of them having threesomes and stories about wife swapping, swinging and all that!"

"Oh shit, Alysia! I'm sorry, I really am!" Sarah paused momentarily and looked around. "But Steve is a bit like that. He has pictures and all kinds of naughty stuff on his phone too!"

"Oh my God, Sarah!" She whispered excitedly, "Do you think it's a man thing?"

"Probably!" Sarah replied and laughed. "You're not upset or offended though are you?"

"I don't know what to think. I mean, should I be?" She looked at her husband lovingly and then reached for the bottle to pour them another glass. She continued, a mischievous smile curling on her lips, then whispering discreetly into Sarah's ear, "Some of what I saw was quite...erm, it got me quite...y'know..."

"Horny?"

Alysia spluttered, spraying wine down the front of her dress. She giggled, embarrassed and had to put her glass down to cover her mouth.

"Yeah, Sarah, as horny as hell!"

Alysia couldn't contain herself now and laughed out loudly. Her husband and Steve looked across in surprise at the commotion. Sarah briefly met Steve's eyes and smirked. She licked her top lip. 

That was their secret signal to each other. Time to act.

-----------

"It looks like it's getting too busy in here." Steve said, as Alysia calmed down, dabbing at the wine on her dress with a napkin. He looked up around him at the busy, tightly packed bar, drinks clutched tightly to chests.

"Is there anywhere quieter?" George asked, "We don't know Manchester much."

"Yeah, there's one or two places, but they're a bit crummy, if you know what I mean. I don't think we could take the girls there considering how good they look tonight and the nice dresses they're wearing."

Alysia blushed and tapped Steve's hand in appreciation. "Sarah's dress is wonderful though, isn't it George?" She said, politely diverting the attention.

George admired Sarah's tight fitting, revealing dress and nodded. "Yeah, superb," He muttered, consciously aware that he'd obviously been caught ogling Sarah's fit body.

Sarah knew George's game. This is why she wore this dress. She smiled at him, then sat back and casually looked around the room, pushing her breasts out, making her rock hard, barely disguised nipples tent the fabric of her thin dress.

"Superb" George found himself unconsciously saying again, now staring brazenly at her tits. Sarah sipped the last of her wine and gave him a dirty grin.

"I know," said Steve, changing the subject, noticing his girlfriend's provocative teasing, "I've got some proper brandy at home, the good stuff, some Metaxa Five Star - one of my mates brought it back from when he was on holiday in Crete. Would you like to come back to our place and try some?"

"Oh God, yes!" George exclaimed. "But only if you don't mind?" 

Steve nodded. "We'd love you to..."

"He loves his brandy, does my George" Alysia chirped in. "Don't let him have too much though!" She smiled and winked at her husband.

"Where's that taxi then?" George jokingly said. They all laughed.

-----------

They rose from their little table. Sarah paused to pull the hem of her dress down, nonchalantly stroking over her hips and the tops of her bare, silky brown thighs as she did so. Out of the corner of her eye, she sensed George's eyes darting, glancing lustfully at her. She knew she was driving him crazy.

Alysia grasped Steve's hand as they fought their way out of the sweaty, packed bar, towards the much needed fresh, cool air, through the door, onto the street. 

George offered his hand to Sarah and she took it, his large, soft fingers wrapping tightly around her slender hand, exuding his confident strength and power. Giving her a sense of security. 

She glanced behind her as their now vacant table became swamped by a gaggle of young girls. All tottering in their painful high heels, grimly snatching at the chairs, their demeanour projecting the 'Don't fuck with us...it's our table now...' look.

The two couples fell outside, popped like champagne corks from the heaving mass of the bar. Surely those guys still crammed in that place couldn't still be enjoying themselves in that hell hole, could they?

"Fuck me, it's freezing out here!" Steve said, putting his mobile to his ear to call them a taxi. George stood with shoulders hunched, his hands now in his pockets. The girls shivered in their thin clothes, their smooth skin covered in goose bumps. Steve looked grimly at his girlfriend, then, knowingly smiled, seeing her nipples, rudely pointing, sharply through her dress in the cold air.

He put his phone in his pocket and moved over to cuddle her against him, to warm her. He briskly rubbed his hands up and down her tense, uncovered arms. She smiled lovingly at him, then leaned in, kissed his lips and whispered in his ear. 

"They're nice."

Alysia saw that their new friends were cuddling and holding each other, as they waited for the taxi. She wasn't to be left out. It seemed romantic. She pulled her husband gently by his arms and made him wrap them around her, burying her head in his chest, smelling his comforting Christmas aftershave. She smiled smugly to herself and then reached up on her tip toes to playfully nibble his earlobe.

"They're nice." She whispered.

------------

A taxi arrived, surprisingly promptly for a Saturday night. The turbaned Pakistani driver looked at them blankly, not comprehending, when Steve told him where they were headed. "Never mind" Steve said, exasperated. "Sar, you know the way back to our place, don't you?"

"Erm, I think so..."

"Can you jump in the front and give him directions?"

Sarah tutted with annoyance. "For fuck's sake Steve!" she gasped, shaking her head. Then smiled to herself, when it dawned on her, that, just maybe, her boyfriend may have other intentions with Alysia during their twenty minute journey home.

Steve worked things so that Alysia was crammed between her and her husband on the cheap, imitation leather covered rear seats. He positioned his legs tight against the back of the driver's seat. His hand rested politely across his lap at first and then, after a couple of miles, he adjusted himself and placed his hand over Alysia's bare thigh. She murmured and smiled at him, reassuringly placing her hand over his. 

George gazed blankly at the passing lights, the signposts, trying to get orientated. Groups of men and couples were beginning to spill drunkenly, in high spirits, out of the edge of city centre pubs.

Sarah gripped onto the door rest. The night seemed to be going well. They really did seem a nice friendly couple. How far would she and her boyfriend take this? The taxi was half way there, back to their house.

------------

It had been a mental last few years she thought, as the roads began to quieten and they drove further out into the suburbs. City centre apartment blocks turned to semi-detached council houses, turning to larger individual homes with driveways and well kempt gardens.

That Thursday night, four years ago, before they had gone to her friend, Jane's, with her secluded villa in Spain, was when it had all started. 

Maybe it was the light headed feeling of freedom of a weekend away in the sun. 

Maybe it was the cheap porn the boys were watching, which had made her aroused. 

Maybe, it was the thought of being sat on their sofa, sandwiched between her boyfriend and the guy she used to lust over, Dave, dressed only in her provocative, tight, little chemise. 

Maybe it was that DVD. The one Steve's friend had given to him. The flickering, amateurish, intense scenes of his mate's wife being gang-fucked, over and over, her hair matted, covered in cum. 

Steve's mate's birthday present, to his wife.

Whatever, the fact was that Steve had allowed his best friend Dave to finger fuck her to a crashing climax, and then encouraged her to suck willingly on their cocks until they spurted. The night had carried on upstairs, in their bed; Sarah fucked silly by the two guys, her boyfriend and Dave, taking turns with her. Her first threesome.
