 The room was dark and humid; all the bodies raised the temperature to that of a steam room. If one was to stand back from the group we would look like a pile of garter snakes coming out of hibernation. Limbs were everywhere, flailing and twisting in the throes of passion. I didn't even think it possible to have that many people on one bed. Five men and five women were intertwined with each other, huffing and puffing more than the big bad wolf. The smell of sex hung thick in the air like a morning bayou fog. The moans were increasing to that of a dull roar. Everybody was lost in each other, grabbing and sucking, sucking and fucking. 

The party started off like any other party the wife and I have held before. We had invited four other couples, close friends of ours through the years. We put on some music, loud and thumping it beckoned us to dance to its hypnotic beats. We had booze in abundance and everyone was guzzling it down. There was wine, beer and other spirits to be had and no one was holding back. It had been awhile since our last shindig and the entire gang needed to let loose. 

The dancing went on for an hour or so then my wife brought out the electric jello shooters, we had made 200 in all. The group consumed the shooters in record time and soon all were feeling more than fine. I noticed all the ladies, including my woman were dressed very sexy that night, most in short skirts and low cut tops. I put together my wife's ensemble, a hot little number with a lower than low silk blouse that showed off her ample cleavage (if you want to see what I mean look at my profile) and a skirt that came barely to her thighs. The skirt had a taunting slit that went clear up to her hip; if she sat right you could get a glimpse of her lacy Brazilian cut panties. I noticed a few guys had their eyes glued, watching that slit and I knew they were hoping to catch sight of her tempting wears. I didn't mind at all, if fact it made me proud that other men would think my wife was that sexy. We kept staring at each other; we both could feel the sexual heat turning up in the room. 

After the shooters were done we took the garbage out to the kitchen, giving us a brief moment alone. I grabbed her from behind as she bent over and disposed of the trash. I put my hardening cock right between her luscious ass cheeks, causing her a little moan.

"Oh my, someone is having fun tonight," You whispered. 

"Hell ya I am! Have you noticed the way the other guys have been ogling your legs? They are just dying to get a peek at the tasty pussy of yours! Why don't you give them a little more of a show?" I asked her.

"You're so bad," she said. "But if you want me to I will. It gets me so wet just knowing all those guys out there are getting hard because of me." 

We made our way back to our guests and started dancing some more. My wife grabbed my friend Karl and I danced with his wife Lisa. To our left Chuck and his wife Anna were grinding up a storm with Pete, Gary and their wives Jill and Sissy right beside them. Pete was locked in a steamy dance with Gary's wife Sissy and Gary was keeping pace with Pete's wife Sissy. The ten of us were dancing up a storm all hips and hands everyone just enjoying themselves completely. 

I looked over and noticed Karl had turned my wife around and was grinding his crotch into her ass while at the same time groping her tits. I took Lisa and followed suit. She just cooed as she felt my hard cock press against her ample buttocks. I reached around and took her breasts in my hand, her nipples growing rock hard between my fingers.

"Yes, that feels so nice," She whispered to me as I continued to play with her abundant tits. "You are making me so wet." Her comments made my pole twitch in its confinement. I had to get my mind off this hot woman for a minute so I looked around and noticed everyone was united with each other, some were necking and some were feeling but now not one person was with their significant other. The scene before me was sizzling in its heat. I knew this night was going to end up being one fantastic orgy. I decided to see if everyone was game. I went and turned the stereo down to a chorus of boos, everyone was upset for the moment because I stopped their erotic dance. 

"Umm, since everyone here is getting so hot and bothered why don't we take this party to the bedroom?" I exclaimed. A cheer came up from the crowd and we all headed to the master bedroom. 

When we all got there I lit some candles and put on more sexy music, nothing like a little Genuwine to keep you in the mood. But for some reason everyone didn't know what to do and just grabbed a spot on the bed. My mind was racing trying to think of a way to get the heat factor to where it was just minutes ago. I came up with a plan and hoped everyone would go for it.

"Hey guys, how about we play a little truth or dare?" I asked the group. They all responded with an eager yes. We all lined the king sized bed, in a guy girl, guy girl order. Since it was my idea I thought I would go first. The rules we set were simple, if you backed on a dare you had to do a double dare the next time you were asked. If you called truth and the group thought you lied we could call bullshit and then you would have also have to do a double dare.

Being a little bit chicken to just go for it right at the start I decide to ask my wife. She quickly responded by saying truth.

"Ok I have one for ya! How wet was your pussy getting when Karl had his hands all over your ass and tits?" I asked her, and watched a smile come across her lips.

"So wet that I had to go to the bathroom and remove my soaked panties!" The entire gathering whooped and hollered at her answer. Since I asked my wife it was her turn to ask someone else truth or dare. She decided on Gary. He swiftly took a dare.

"Gary I dare you to show us all what you are packing in those jeans of yours!" My wife asked. He didn't even hesitate and hastily pulled his jeans and underwear off. The gasps not only came from the women but the men too. Gary was hung like a donkey, he must have been eleven inches and he was well on his way to a full erection. My wife leaned over and whispered in my ear that she was going to have some of that tonight. Now I have a decent sized cock myself, 7 ½ inches and somewhat thick but compared to Gary's massive tool mine would look infantile. Gary didn't even bother to put his jeans back on when he asked his question. He asked Pete's wife and she took a truth.

"Jill," he asked Pete's wife, "have you ever had a cock in your pussy and one in your ass at the same time?" Jill's eyes bugged out of her head and she went silent. "Well what is your answer Jill?" She turned four shades of red and quietly declined. She knew however that if someone asked her again it would be a double dare for her. Since Jill refused to answer it was still Gary's turn so he decided to ask Chuck's wife Anna truth or dare. He was thrilled when she said dare.

"I have to come up with something good for this one," he said, as he noticed Anna staring at his throbbing member. "Well since I have control right now how about you come over here Anna and wrap those lovely lips around my cock?" It didn't take her more than a second to jump to the other side of the bed and swallow up his monster. She continued to suck him for a couple of minutes when he told her that she had more than accomplished her dare. We could all hear the loud smack as she disengaged his rod from her mouth.

"My turn!" Anna said, "Ok Joe truth or dare?" Holy crap it was my turn to be put on the spot and there was no way I was going to let Gary have the entire spotlight so I decided on dare. Anna was ecstatic with my answer and laid down in the center of the bed and spread her legs wide, her short skirt rode over her hips displaying her naked pussy.

"I want you to take your tongue and slide it right up my pussy!" 

"Your wish is my command," I said then dove head first and licked her sweet cunt, lapping up her juices as she started to moan. Unlike Gary she didn't last even a minute before she was coming all over my face.

"Oh yes Joe, lick me right there! Margo your hubby sure knows how to eat pussy...God I am cumming already!" She finished with a splash of juice on my face. I savored every drip. Since Anna had asked me it was my turn again and the only woman who hadn't been asked anything yet was Sissy so the question was posed to her. She accepted dare and I had to think of something. Pete and Chuck had also been left out so far so I thought I would get them involved.

"Sissy I dare your to take your left hand and jerk on Pete's pole and take your right hand and jerk on Chuck's cock at the same time." She leaped right into her task, as did Pete and Chuck because before I could even finish my sentence the two guys were completely naked. She grabbed each man's poles and stroked them fast bringing them both to full readiness. The guys were moaning in unison as she expertly played with their cocks.

"Fuck this," my wife said and got naked herself. "I am too hot to play this game anymore let's get to some serious fucking people!" With that anyone who had clothes left on quickly stripped and soon we were a heap of bodies. Cocks, cunt, tits, ass and lips all on display, we were all giving and receiving. People were cumming so hard and so often you couldn't help but be covered in goop. 

We had double and triple penetrations, the women were trying things they had never tried before. My wife took my cock in her ass and Gary's huge tool in her cunt while at the same time she was eating Sissy's pussy. As Sissy sat on my woman's face she eagerly sucked on Pete's cock. While I was pounding my woman's tight rectum Anna was rimming my ass. She had her tongue busy on my ass at the same time Chuck was hammering his tool deep inside her. Beside this ménage of seven Karl was on his back with Lisa riding his hard cock and Jill riding his face whist they sucked face with each other. 

The mass of tangled bodies continued till all were exhausted and covered in cum. To this day, that night was one of the hottest and wildest we have ever had!