 ""Hi April" I said, kind of surprised to hear from her.

"Listen I know it only been a few days since...well you know." She said with a little uncertainty in her voice. "But I told someone."

"April, you said NOT to tell anyone and it's been like two days ...Christ April."

"I know, I know. But just come back to that apartment. Now if you can. Please."

"April, I don't know..."

"Fuck,just come. Trust me."

I kind of loved when she got all demanding. What the hell, It was my day off.

I rang the bell and was buzzed in. 

"Hurry up the steps." She said impatiently. " Hey there."

And she leaned in for a long wet kiss. She was wearing a low slung silk skirt with a tight t-shirt. Her nipples straining at the cotton material. Half way across the room was a women sitting in a chair in the middle of the kitchen.

"This is Char. It's her apartment, I had to tell her." 

Char stood straight up and walked forward a few steps. She was tall. Wearing a white shirt, thin enough to see her lace bra underneath, a gray herringbone skirt, long black leather boots, her straight black hair falling to her shoulders. She looked like she had come home from the office for lunch. 

"She wants you to take her clothes off." April announced. 

I turned and looked at April.

"Go ahead. I get to watch."

She was serious. I could tell. April was absent mindedly stroking her cunt through the silk material of her skirt. 

Char looked straight at me, watching me move toward her. I began to unbutton her shirt. More skin being revealed with each button. April moved next to me, watching my fingers as they moved down the front of Char's shirt. 

I undid the last button.

"She wouldn't let me see her naked. I had to promise her this. Now slowly take her shirt off. "

I looked at April and smiled.

"I just lust for some things now."

I place my hands inside Char's shirt and slowly pushed it off, caressing her shoulders, and pulling it down her arms. She stood there, very erect, in her bra. Her nipples stiffening under the lace. 

"Step back a bit. God she is beautiful. Char you have great tits. Okay, now take off her bra, no, no, ummmm, take her skirt off first. I want to see her standing there in her underwear. Just reach around back and pull down the zipper."

I moved close to Char and stood within inches of her for a moment, then reached around her. I unclasped the hook and pulled down the zipper. I could feel her chest on mine and her breathing quickened. I moved around in back of her to give April a better look, grabbed the skirt a few inches from the top, and began to slide it down her body. 

"Wait, stop. Before you take off her skirt, I want to be dressed right. Just stop."

And April grabbed the handles of a paper bag off the floor and ran into the bedroom.

"I'll be right back." 

So I stood there my hands still on the top of Char's skirt. I leaned in toward her right ear and whispered "Do you like this?" I had to ask.

A heard a quick "Yes. Please."

April came out of the bedroom wearing strappy high heels, black sheer high cut panties and a sheer black bra. 

"I wanted to look right. No fair only me having something to look at." She smiled. "Go ahead, let me see."

I slowly pulled down the skirt, bending my knees, until I was kneeling behind her. She lifted one leg, then the other and I put the skirt on top of the discarded shirt. My face next to her lace covered ass. I couldn't help a small kiss.

"Come over here, in front. You are wonderful Char." I walked over next to April. "Oh, your big tits in that lace bra. I can just make out your nipples behind the material. Is your pussy shaved under those panties? Ummmm see mine is, see." And April moved her hand over her cunt. "I'm going to find out. Soon. But right now I just want to look at you. You think she is pretty. Standing there for us in her lacey underwear. In those black boots. If I didn't want to see you naked so bad..." 

And April reached over and put her hands on my cock through my jeans. 

"You both are beautiful. And I..." 

"Shhhh...just walk over there and take something off. Lets see. Her bra. Yeah. But not all the way, just a little past her nipples." 

I walked over to Char and stood in front of her. Besides stepping out of her skirt, she hadn't moved. I looked right into her face, outlined in her black hair, and slid the straps off her shoulders. And I gently pulled the lace past her nipples, brushing their hardness with my hands."

"Look at those nipples." April had moved beside me and was moving the palm of her hand across one of Char's nipples. "I want to taste. And April bent down and flicked her tongue across Char's nipple. "You too." She said.

I bent and flicking it with my tongue.

"That's my fist nipple." April took my hand and pulled me back a few steps. "This is fun, aaah her tits are great. Look how hard he is Char. Fuck." And April gave her pussy a few strokes with her fingers. "Get back over there and feel her panties. Tell me if she is wet."

I moved over to Char again and took two fingers and rubbed them over he pussy. The lace was slick and my fingers moved easily. Char let a small, quiet sigh.

"Very wet." I said, looking right into Char's eyes. 

"Rub her a few more times and get your fingers real wet and come back to me."

April took my fingers into her mouth and sucked on them. 

"Char your cunt tastes good. I'm so fucking horny Char. Thank you. I think Char need something else to look at." And April unzipped my pants, reached in and pulled out my cock. "Turn around to show her your cock"

I turned around and April put her hand on it and began to slowly stroke it. 

"This is the cock I told you about sucking Char. Oh, don't want waste that." 

April put her finger at he tip of my cock and wiped the pre-cum off. She took the few steps over to Char, and put her finger to her lips.

"Taste." And Char dutifully licked April's finger. "Come over here and pull down her panties. Bend down right in front."

April stood over me and looked down. "Do you think I should get naked for this?"

I looked over into April's sheer panties. "No." And I kissed her cunt. "Your pussy looked too good in those."

"Okay, just for you. Now please pull them down."

I put my hands on the sides of the panties and pulled them down to reveal Char's naked pussy, and pulled them down to her ankles. 

"Look at her cunt. Leave them around her ankles. Your right in front of it. Just put your tongue on it a little. That's it. Inside a little. Up! Kiss me, now."

I got up and she pulled my mouth to hers and kissed me hard.

"Look at her. Char you are simply wonderful. I'm all wet, look at me. He is as hard as I've seen him. It's all you Char. 

Char stood there and let us look at her. Her bra still around her chest, panties around her boots. 

"Pull off you pants. Come on do it. Char sit down."

Char sat down in the chair that she had been sitting in when I first walked in.

"Stand right in front of her. Right there, so you dick is right at her lips."

April grabbed my dick and began to stroke. Hard and fast at first, then she stopped and moved the head across Char's lips, back and forth.

"Do you like that?" she said to no one imparticular. " It's got to be good. Fuck, you two look so..." 

And she pushed my cock into her mouth. And pushed Char's head onto it.

"Fuck her mouth. Like you fucked mine.' OOOh yeah like that."

April took a step back and put her hand in her panties. I could see two fingers working in and out of her cunt. 

Fuck her until you cum. Yeah, oh, let me see it all over her." 

I looked down and watched my cock move in and out of Char's mouth. She was fingering her clit in small circles. 

I came and Char pulled me out of her mouth so April could watch me cum. 

April screamed in an orgasm as the last of my cum fell on Char's chest. April stuck her finger in Char's mouth, and bent down to lick my cock.

"Char, honey, you need to cum. I want to watch you lick her pussy..."