 After a really hard work out at the school gymnastics club, I slumped onto one of the benches in the changing room, eventually getting the energy to tear off my kit. I lay there naked against the cool wooden bench and slowly caught my breath as my heartbeat settled and the sweat cooled on my body. After about ten minutes of recovery time, I got up and walked into the showers.

The communal shower room was full of steam, although I couldn't see anybody through the various shower sprays that had been left on by boys careless of Global Warming.

I found the most powerful jet in the middle of the range and turned it to lukewarm, covering myself in a fabulous lather of relaxation. I turned the heat up again and stood steaming under the vicious jets, turning slowly so that the shower could hit me all over. The pulsing jets provided a great massage and I enjoyed the sensation of the beating water as it travelled over my body, massaging and re-energising it again. I stood back and let the water spray on the head of my penis. It felt so good that my dick went to half mast and throbbed gently in the steam.

The level of steam gently dropped and I realised that I wasn't alone in the shower. A dim figure emerged from the smog and I recognised the school's top cross country runner. He was about five foot eight and desperately skinny – a product of his sport. My body was the complete opposite – six feet, broad shouldered, tiny hips, rippling six pack and giant arms from my work on the rings, horse and bars. I kept my pubic hair completely shaven – well actually I liked to keep my entire body shaven except for the foppish schoolboy hair on my head.

The runner was called Giles, a French boarder at the school. I had noticed him before at the various assemblies and school meetings and of course, I'd watched him performing in the track meetings. He had short cropped dark hair, a Gallic nose, high cheekbones and as I mentioned, a small frame which was incredibly thin and wiry.

He walked towards me through the showers, turning them off as he approached and nodded to me as he passed. I smiled back, but my gaze froze as I watched him. He had the most enormous flaccid penis that I had ever seen. It reached halfway down his thighs, and what it had in length it also had in girth – I doubted that I would have been able to circle it with my hand.

He nonchalantly strolled out of the shower into the changing rooms. I rinsed once more and started to follow him out, but noticing that my turgid prick was still standing out at around 45 degrees, I wondered about staying a few minutes for it to calm down. Having switched the last shower off, however, it would have been suspicious if I didn't keep going.

Giles was in the same block of lockers as me – wouldn't you know it! I said Hi as I walked in to the bay between them and grabbed a towel from my spot, starting to dry my hair.

"I watched some of your workout earlier," said Giles, "It was pretty impressive"

"Thanks," I replied, "I try to push it a little more each time, but I've been working too often recently – my timing and execution are both off"

"I see you shave you pubic hair," he said. I stopped towelling my hair and waited for him to continue, interested in his opinion and knowing that this was a kinky habit in most people's eyes.

"I think it looks good on a body as fit as yours," he finished.

"I don't know why I do it," I replied, "But it just makes me feel good, despite getting the piss hacked out of me by God knows how many people every time I get naked." I paused for a second then continued; "but once you've lived without pubes and enjoyed the smooth feel of your pubis, any hair seems too much"

"I just keep mine trimmed in a V," Giles replied, "I agree that you need to control it"

"You need to control something down there," I said, "I've never seen anything that big before – it must be hell when you're running long distance"

"Never hell - always a pleasure," he said, "When you've got a gift like this, you just have to be grateful. Christ, I've got almost twice as much to play with as the average man. How much fun is that? Anyway it looks like it's you who can't control yourself," he said, glancing pointedly at my semi-erection.

As I looked down at myself and realised the state of my penis, it was as if another force had taken control of my body. My penis started throbbing and with each heartbeat, jumped up a few more degrees until it was standing, priapically, fully nine and a half inches long and bending out and up towards my tummy button. At that point it just sat there and beat a rhythm to my rapidly accelerating heart beat.

"That's a beautiful big dick," said Giles, as he slid a hand over my rock solid erection, gently pulling back the skin so that it stood even more proudly against the background of my shaven mound.

As his fingers touched my burning penis, it jumped and jerked in his hand as if of its own accord. I sat heavily on one of the benches and reached for his now semi-tumescent member.

I could feel the blood flowing into his prick as it grew to its full potential, stretching out and up to around ten inches in length – also slightly bigger in circumference than my hand could manage (that's more than eight inches in girth).

"Now that is a beautiful sight," I said, licking gently around his circumcised helmet, enjoying the delicious clean aroma and warmth of this monster penis, slightly moist at the tip from a few drops of pre-cum, which I quickly licked and swallowed.

As I did this, I could see our reflection in the floor to ceiling mirrors that covered the whole wall of the gym opposite the lockers. I couldn't believe how deliciously evil the picture was. It was perfect voyeurism, seeing this enormous erection being licked and gently sucked, Giles's massive genital proportions emphasised by his slim, taut and tightly proportioned physique.

"That feels good," Giles said gently. "We should meet up later and take this a little further"

"Sounds good to me," I whispered between gulps and licks on the gargantuan head of his penis, "But I don't know if I can wait until later"

At that, he pulled away and dropped to his knees, taking my shaven dick in his hand before deep throating it completely. I felt hjs tongue licking the underside of my tensed-up balls, while his upper lip was pressed into my shaven mound.

"I'm going to come!" I gasped, and he merely nodded his head. I let fly with spurt after spurt of sperm deep into his throat. He didn't withdraw a bit – I must have been ejaculating directly into his stomach. Then as my penis stopped twitching, he lifted his head right to the tip, circled it with his tongue and then pressed the entire thing back into his throat to the hilt. This was driving me wild and I don't think my penis ever softened. He kept repeating the movement which touched every part of my continuously throbbing dick. When he stopped I was harder and even more solid than when he started, my erection stiff as a tree on the inside and swollenly bruised on the outside. My wet glans was gleaming bright purply-red with the enhanced blood supply and pleasure.

I ruffled his hair and said "Thanks, that was wonderful," before walking across the deserted changing room to the sinks to rinse off. As I stood in the empty, cavernous room, it suddenly occurred to me that I was naked, still massively erect and in a public room of the school, where anybody could walk in at any time. 

And so, of course, they did. Nick, the Head of Sports, walked in at the other end of the room, dressed as usual in his trackies with a whistle on a shoe lace around his neck.

"So Bill" he boomed, "How are the exercises coming on" 

I rinsed my hands and face in the sink and keeping my back to him shouted "Fine! Good workout today, I've been working on the style pointers you gave me last week"

He continued to stride down the length of the room. I noticed that Giles was now wearing his boxers and incredibly, his massive penis was being concealed by them. Nick nodded to him as he passed – "Alright Giles, glad to see you've got that monster tool covered up!" he boomed again. I was taken aback by this last jibe. Nick always spoke like Brian Barron in the last act of a period drama and had obviously also seen Giles in the clean before.

Whatever I thought about, I couldn't manage to get rid of my still throbbing erection. In fact the closer discovery came the more it seemed to beg exposure and humiliation. As Nick came up beside me he gave me a playful slap on the arse and was about to dispense some more of his valuable advice when he noticed it. His belly button was in danger of being speared on my throbbing dick.

"My God Bill! You've got a hard one there...," he murmured, giving my glans a fairly vicious slap. 

Apart from a little vibration, it simply didn't move, it was so hard. But the burn of the slap felt good. In fact it felt so good and so rude to be standing fully erect in front of the sports master that the glow from the slap simply turned into a wonderful humming sensation and I began to come uncontrollably.

"Oh God," I croaked as I spurted sperm all over his track suit.

"I'm sorry Nick," I murmured, although I was panting and still enjoying the aftershock of my second orgasm in as many minutes.

"Hmm – never mind – talk about this later" he mumbled, obviously embarrassed as he marched off towards his office.

I walked back to my locker where Giles was still in his boxers.

"I can't believe you did that you slut," he whispered, "Here, let me clean you up – again!" 

He dropped to his knees and sucked my soft and dripping penis deeply into his mouth, sliding his tongue around it deliciously and gulping the last of my sperm. Incredibly when he withdrew his mouth my penis was throbbing and erect again.

"Christ, there's no stopping you" he gasped. He turned back to his kit bag and withdrew a tube of KY jelly, smearing it over the length of my dick. Then pulled off his boxers and smeared more on his shaven asshole, sliding one, then two fingers into himself.

"Fuck me now!" he ordered.

I pressed the head of my now fully erect penis against the pink/purple of his anus, now shining with lubricant. His arse quickly expanded, yielding to the pressure of my helmet and I slid into him in one smooth movement, my balls coming to rest against his. 

After waiting for a few moments for him to acclimatise to the pressure on his anal muscles, I withdrew until I could see my rim of my helmet and then thrust back into him hard. He groaned with pleasure and I started to give his arse a massive pounding. I was in Heaven as his tight hot arsehole slipped around my dick as I thrust in and out. It seemed to distend - like a lover unwilling to stop kissing as I withdrew - and disappear again as I thrust forward.

I reached around him and grasped his huge curving erection, gently working it backward and forward until I felt it swell to unbelievable proportions and suddenly, it squirted literally pints of come over the locker in front of us in spurt after spurt of lust. Giles's anus was contracting spastically around my penis and I fired my third orgasm deep into his arse.

As I scooped up some of his come with my fingers and sucked it into my mouth I noticed Nick, the Head of Sport, staring as he strutted past the locker bay where we were slumped in post coital exhaustion. He made no comment but was shaking his head as if to say "You haven't heard the last of this"

Giles stood, gloriously naked, and I was reminded what a beauty he was with his crestfallen member now flaccid – a mere nine inches. I sucked and licked the rest of the sperm from his uber-dick and grinned up at him from my kneeling position.

"Hold on," he said, "There's more for you to clean up." With that he turned around and spread his cheeks, inviting me to suck my own sperm out of his gaping arse. I pressed my mouth to his anus and slid my tongue up inside as he released what seemed to be pints of my own delicious stringy fluid into my mouth.

Thoroughly humiliated I stayed on my knees as he towelled and dressed. Then he leant over and said:

"This is the way I always want to see you. You're my bitch. You're humiliated, you obey my every command. If you satisfy me properly and perform exceptionally I'll let you enjoy the arse-fucking of your life on this dick. Until next time lover"

He walked out of the coldly echoing changing room and the door slammed behind him. As I stood up I was again rigidly erect.

But boy was I pumped! I walked naked (more naked than naked since I was completely shaved) around the changing rooms and the vast empty Gym, almost willing a crowd of boys or masters to come in and catch me with my wickedly throbbing penis, bouncing gently in front of me.

Ten minutes later, I slowly got dressed and left. I reflected that I had probably severely disappointed the Sports Head and there would be a payment due in the future. Nothing that I could do about that now though!

I went to the boys' pigeon holes and scrawled a note to leave for Giles. It read "I like to sunbathe behind the barn on South Hill – hope to see you there tomorrow after 2:00"

The next day was a perfect baking hot summer's day and a Saturday so we were free from lunchtime unless playing team sports. I hit the gym at 12:00 after a light snack and worked out on the parallel bars for forty minutes, showered and headed for the barn across the sports fields. Once there I spread out my towel in the sun trap away from the school buildings and stripped naked. I polished my body all over with a delicious Clarins sun oil and lay back to relax, my well oiled cock flopping over my thigh. There was a beautiful view over farmland and small copses up to a big wood at the top of the far hill.

A gentle breeze cooled my body as I soaked up the sun – the only problem with being shaved was missing the pleasure of the breeze wafting and caressing your pubic hair.

I dozed for half an hour before waking up with another throbbing erection. I poured more oil into my hand and gently massaged my penis while I considered my strategy.

I was very willing to become Giles's sex slave and couldn't wait to feel his massive dick reaming my arse. Since I didn't know if I could take it I had bought the biggest dildo in the sex shop in town to practice with. Still, it was only ten inches long and easily spanned by my hand – not a patch on Giles's member. I got it out of my bag and pressed the suction cup at its base onto a big smooth flagstone in the barn yard. It did look good and I decided to practice some deep throat technique while I warmed up.

Then, I grabbed an eight inch dick shaped vibrator out of my bag, oiled it and then knelt back onto it, allowing my anus to expand around the head. Once comfortable, I turned the vibrator on and pushed down fully, my penis jerking as it vibrated against my g-spot. Then I leant forward and started to blow the ten inch dildo.

My jaw felt stretched as I took the entire helmet into my mouth but the pressure eased as I sucked gently. Then I licked up and down the huge stalk, lubricating it all over. Finally I braced myself and pushed my mouth down over the entire dildo, resisting the gag reaction and letting the dick slide smoothly down my throat until my mouth was against the plastic balls. I stopped there, tongue licking the balls while I concentrated on controlling my breathing. Then I started some up and down strokes taking the cock from glans to testicles each time.

Feeling proud of myself I sat back and enjoyed the vibrations in my arse as I soaked up the sun.

"That's an interesting way to spend a Saturday afternoon" – a woman's voice said. Ms Roebuck, one of the English teachers walked around the corner of the barn.

My dick twitched in exhilaration as I realised yet another member of the school staff had caught me – this time naked, shaved, oiled, stretched by a vibrator and blowing a king sized dildo. I said nothing but my prancing dick gave away my excitement.

"Stand up!" she commanded. I did, gripping my buttocks and anus tightly around the vibrator. She walked over to me and stopped right in front of me. She was about five six and had a beautiful thin but sculptured body, straight blond hair reaching to just below her shoulders, upturned breasts with large pointed nipples. She was wearing a blue wrap around dress with small polka dots. Obviously the meat of many a teenage fantasy at the boarding house and beyond.

She slapped by penis and then pinched the glans, more slaps, then she pinched my sack. My dick didn't know what to do with itself so it simply twitched and jerked uncontrollably.

"You're enjoying this aren't you" she said with awakening astonishment. Again I decided to keep quiet and see what happened.

Suddenly she stepped to the side and grabbed the end of the vibrator, churning and pushing it in and out of my arse. This was too much, I groaned with lust and said "Please don't, please I'll come"

"Not until I tell you to you won't" she said in a vicious whisper, ramming the vibrator fully up into my rectum. Then she let go and stood back casually observing me. This actually made me even hornier as the humiliation of her piercing stare took in the sight in front of her.

She untied her dress and dropped it to the floor. Beneath she was wearing a simple black g-string. She kicked off her flip-flops. Slowly, she slid the g-string down revealing a highly trimmed blond bush that did little to conceal her pouting labia and – an all over tan!

"Lick my cunt now" she said in a quiet, gravelly voice

Well I was just hoping that the world wouldn't end in the next ten seconds as I dropped to my knees and gently pressed my mouth against this divine pussy. I placed one hand on each of her buttocks and gently tilted her pelvis upwards so that her pussy was more accessible. My tongue snaked out very gently and striped the length of her slit. As it did so her pussy opened like a flower and her juices poured out into my mouth and down my chin. I began a gentle but rhythmic lapping against her clitoris, swooping to lick a huge circle around her entire labia every ten seconds.

I looked up her flat stomach and saw her head drop backwards in the beginnings of ecstasy as her hands tweaked and massaged her nipples before she bent over me, falling down to the back of my head pressing my face in deeper. Her breath came in accelerating rasps as she approached her climax. Within minutes she was murmuring "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes yes yes yes" and then she whimpered and her legs spasmed as the orgasm belted out of her and she screamed out.

She collapsed onto the warm dry ground and lay for a few minutes, legs agape, her swollen labia shining in the sunlight. Eventually she lifted herself onto one elbow and stared at me, still kneeling, the vibrator still buzzing in my arse.

"That deserves a little treat," she said "Kneel here"

I crawled towards her and she immediately sucked my cock into her mouth, reaching round to gently slide the vibrator in and out of my arse in time with the long sloppy strokes of her mouth. I had been ready to come as soon as she appeared and couldn't take much of this.

"I'm going to come now" I said, leaving no doubt in her mind that it was true. She simply clamped her lips harder around my rock solid cock and let my orgasm cannon into her mouth. I saw her throat working desperately to swallow all the semen but some trickled from the sides of her mouth as my balls emptied into her beautiful face.

My penis slipped out of her mouth and we lay down together. I kissed her, licking the excess semen from her mouth and chin. Then we lay together in the warm sun while I kissed and stroked her body. We relaxed into one another and dozed for a while.

Eventually, we awoke and sat up against the side of the barn. I scooped up the vibrator that had slid out of my anus and put it back in my kit bag. The big dildo still sat on its suction cup on the flagstone.
