 This is the fourth installment concerning the sexually inexperienced soccer-mom, Dorothy who goes to a swingers club for the first time and it changes her life. The first three installments were from the viewpoints of Frank, her husband, Dorothy and Mark who seduces and fucks her at the club. The next instalment was about Dorothy's meeting with her son's soccer coach. She finds out flashing her pussy will get her soundly fucked by a real man. This episode is about Dorothy and her family going to the state capitol for a soccer tournament. They meet a boy from their neighbourhood that is on a soccer scholarship at a big university. He has been fantasizing about fucking her since puberty. Read on to see if he realizes his MILF dream. It is told from Dorothy's perspective.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for editing it. 

*

We are at the state capitol for our son's all-state soccer tournament and the team is doing great. They just won their second game and the team and all the parents are celebrating at Applebee's Neighborhood Grill. Everyone is having a very fun and loud time. Tomorrow they play one of the best teams. 

Chuck Spenser, a young man who lives on our street when he is not going to university here, has joined our table. He is my son's idol since Chuck was always a star soccer player growing up and now is on a full soccer university scholarship. Chuck is a real jock. He is tall and broad-shouldered with blonde hair and a Scandinavian chiselled handsome face. One can only imagine that he could have any girl he wants. He has a sweet nature. I watched him grow up in our neighborhood from a young boy to a fine 20 year-old young man. I have heard that he is a bit of a firebrand when he gets drinking. But it's okay to sow your wild oats when you are young. We have the only outdoor pool in our backyard on our street and so we have a lot of block parties. I have watched how Chuck's body has matured over the years. This past summer his big package and firm butt were shown off by his tiny Speedo bathing suit. You can't fault a woman for looking can you? But the last thing I would ever do would be to seduce the lad. The scandal would be ruinous of our reputation among the neighbors and his parents are our close friends.

Chuck looks down at my son Billy and says, "Great game kiddo. You were super." Billy breaks out in a huge proud smile.

He looks over at Frank and me and continues, "Hey Mr. Johnson, why don't you and your wife and Billy come and see my university and frat house. I'll give you the big tour."

Frank responds, "Sorry, Chuck I had to drive a heck of a long way to get here. I am bagged and Billy has a big game tomorrow. He needs his sleep." Chuck makes a sad face. "But Dorothy, why don't you go and tell us all about it afterwards?"

I'm thinking this would be a lot more fun than watching hotel room TV while Frank hits the sack early and lays there snoring. I say, "Sure, I'd love to see the campus."

Chuck chirps, "Great. I think we have one of the nicest campuses in the country." But he is really thinking, "Wow, I can't believe Dorothy is going to be alone with me in my frat house. I've dreamed about fucking this MILF since before pubic hair. I spent countless nights stroking off while thinking of her hot mature body and small bikini that she teased us young guys with at our block pool parties. I even climbed a tree outside her bedroom window once and peeked at her getting undressed one night. Almost killed my self in the process but hers were the first live nipples I ever saw. Look at her sitting over there in that sexy summer dress with her tits almost falling out of the top. She always liked to show a lot of cleavage. Not like the other moms. It is seared into my brain that one time she bent over to give me a glass of lemonade. I don't know how young I was. I could see all the way down her top. My god, I had a hard on for a week. Well, Dorothy, I am the Big Man on Campus now. In the last two years at university, I have the frat house record of fucking thirty one girls without a miss. Any woman that I brought through the door, ended up well fucked. Hell, most of the time they put out for my frat brothers after I had my way with them."

After dinner, Chuck and I walk to his convertible that has its top down. He gallantly opens the door for me then gets in on the driver's side. What a young gentleman.

I'm thinking, "I saw Chuck have a few vodkas with Red Bull. I hope he's okay to drive. Hell, why am I worried. A few drinks for a big guy like him is nothing. On the other hand, I'm feeling a bit woozy from the two double martinis I had. But I am on vacation and you're supposed to have fun and let your hair down when you're on holiday."

"Excuse me Dorothy." Chuck reaches his right hand behind me and presses the lock down. He hesitates with his arm around my bare shoulders and continues, "Better safe than sorry." I feel him leave his warm, strong hand on my right shoulder as he continues. "Are you sure you will be warm enough with your bare shoulders or should I put the top up and turn on the heater?" 

"No, I'm fine. It's a nice warm summer night. But thanks for thinking of me." I could hear myself slur my words a bit from the drinks I had consumed and I hope Chuck didn't hear it. 

Chuck is just loving the feel of his arm around Dorothy's bare shoulders. He gives them a squeeze. "Mrs. Johnson, I must say I really like that dress you're wearing. It is classy and sexy at the same time. The girls on campus could learn a thing or two about fashion from you."

I turn my face to his and find it only inches from mine. I look into his confident eyes and handsome face. All of a sudden I feel a sense of sexual tension that surprises me. "Thanks Chuck. That's very nice of you to say. But please call me Dorothy. You're a man now, not the little boy in the neighborhood."

"Sure, Dorothy." Chuck can also feel the sexual tension in the air as he watches her full red lips move as she speaks. He can feel himself getting hard and his large cock is at a painful angle. Chuck takes his right hand off her shoulder and plunges it into his jeans and brings out the car keys and starts up the car. Thankfully he is able to adjust his dick to a better angle while doing this.

l love the ride over to the campus in Chuck's convertible. It is exhilarating to have the wind running over my body as Chuck speeds well over the speed limit. The wind surprises me and lifts my dress completely up before I can bring it down with both hands. I'm sure Chuck saw my sexy Victoria Secret panties. Oh no, those are the one that have the see-through crotch that clearly shows my camel-toe slit. Oh well, I am sure a hunk like him has seen a lot of girls private parts. Not to worry. 

Chuck is thinking, "Whew, I just got a good look at her pussy through those sexy panties. I like that she shaves her pussy bald. That's my favorite kind of cunt. I wonder if MILF pussy tastes like teen pussy. I think I'll find out tonight. I bet this woman did that on purpose just to tease me. She is going to find out what happens to cock-teasers at the frat house"

Chuck is getting so horny thinking about sex that he just takes a quick drive around the campus rather than a long walking tour. He wants to get this woman into his frat house as soon as possible. The guys are having a big party tonight and that always makes the seduction easier. They park the car and enter the old stately Alpha Delta fraternity building to the sound of loud trance-style music. 

What a beautiful old building. I am sure it is a hundred years old. The entrance way opens into a large wood-panelled room with leather sofas and old painted portraits on the wall. The darkened room has a couple of dozen young men and women in party mode milling about. I can smell the distinct odour of marijuana in the air and most people are drinking glasses of golden beer. 

One of Chuck's friend rushes up to us gleefully and shouts over the music, "The Chuck-meister is here! Hold onto your panties girls!" He pushes what must be a joint towards Chuck. "Her bro, take a hit of this killer B.C. weed." Chuck takes a deep drag and gives it back. The friend turns to me, "Hey, beautiful lady, take a hit of this and all your worries will be POOF, gone."

I am in a real quandary. I haven't smoked marijuana since college and I don't want them to think I'm an old prude. Hell, I'm on holidays and in Chuck's good care. I take a solid drag and hold it in my lungs. All of a sudden, the room tilts a bit and the music seems to penetrate my entire body. I feel a giggle rise in my throat and I'm a bit dizzy and put a hand on Chuck's strong shoulder to steady myself. 

Chuck turns to me and starts talking. The words seem to come down an echoing tunnel. "Dorothy, you surprise me. Have you smoked marijuana before?" I nod yes. "Wow, that's killer. But if you haven't done it for a while, you will find the new grass is much stronger than the old days." I can already feel what he means. This stuff is very, VERY strong. 

Chuck leans in and says, "Hey, I love dancing when I get high. Do you want to dance?" I nod yes and he takes my hand and pulls us to the center of the dozen couples that are undulating to the hypnotic music. I fell a bit out of place since I am wearing a dress and all the others are wearing tight jeans and casual tops. But they are all too busy humping their partners to notice me. We dance for a few minutes. Chuck looks gorgeous in his tight T-shirt and jeans. He is a great dancer. They say good dancers make great lovers but I shouldn't be thinking those dirty thoughts.

Chuck is thinking, "I can't believe I am dancing with Mrs. Johnson from the hood. Life is good. And did you see that hit of grass she sucked in! She is really starting to rock to the music. Look at the way she is wiggling her ass at me. What a cock-tease. It's time to get a feel of those buns that I have dreamed about since grade school." 

Wow, I am feeling great. That music just goes right through you. All these other couples are just grinding and humping their crotches with one another to the music. I wonder what they call that dance.

Chuck leans in and shouts over the music, "Let me show you this dance. A modern woman like you will love it." 

"Okay." I shout back and Chuck moves his body to mine with his right leg between my knees and holds me tight with both hands on my lower back. This is pretty intimate but certainly not scandalous. If the folks back home hear about it, I will say we were just dancing. 

The music has a strong thumping beat and soon I am transported into a sensuous inner place with my eyes closed and waves of pleasure washing over me. I can feel Chuck pull me closer and hump his thigh against my pussy to the beat of the music. I have my hands on his muscular chest. It is crazy making. I respond in kind with my hips humping to get as much friction as possible. My pussy is dripping.

His friend pops up again and pushes a new joint towards me. He says something but the music is too loud to hear what he is saying. I take a toke and hold it in. A rush of pleasurable sensations washes over my body. He offers it to Chuck who takes a hit. As the friend stands beside me, I feel his hand on my ass giving the cheek a good squeeze. What the hell do I do? Ah well, no big deal. No need to make a big scene and he did share his grass with us. I just stand there and let him grope me.

Chuck thinks, "I can see Fred feeling Mrs. Johnson's ass and she is doing nothing to stop him! What a slut. I bet I could have fucked this neighborhood MILF years ago if I would have had the nerve."

The boy leaves and we start dancing again. I am really getting high and grooving to the beat. Chuck is holding on tighter and humping my pussy with his thigh. Oh my heavens, he is sliding his hands down onto the cheeks of my ass. Shit, I should stop this but it feels soooooo good. What harm is there in letting him feel my butt. All the other couples are doing it. It's just part of this new dance style. 

The dance floor is really getting crowded and people are pushing together. Whenever I open my eyes I see Chuck's handsome face with a shit-ass grin on his confident face. Then I just close my eyes and sink back into the strong trance beat. He takes my hands and moves them to his muscular tight ass. I cup each cheek like all the others are doing and lose myself in the music. I can feel a large hard bulge in the front of his jeans rubbing against my leg now. He's getting aroused. Chuck dips down and kisses my neck and runs his hands down the back of my thighs to the hem of my dress and then raises the back of my dress up and grabs my panty covered bottom. Thank goodness the crowd is so packed in that nobody can see what he's doing. His strong hands feel so good on my sensitive skin. I swoon a bit with the delicious feeling. 

Chuck is thinking, "Fuck, her ass feels so nice. I can't wait to get these panties off and fuck her MILF pussy. Whoops, I think she is going to faint. Better get her someplace to recover." 

Chuck removes his hands from my ass and takes my hand and leads me through the crush of people. I stagger a bit because I am light-headed. We go down a long hallway and the music fades into the background. 

We enter a low-lit, wood panelled playroom with a bright green pool table under a bright light in the middle and a few card tables with chairs at the end and large screen TV and two stuffed leather sofas at the other end. Chuck leads me to one of the sofas and we sit. It is a good thing I am sitting because I was afraid I might keel over when I was standing. My vertigo starts to go away as I sit. I look around and see an attractive couple playing pool and a few geeks over on the game tables playing some kind of Dungeons and Dragons type of game. Over on the other sofa, I see a couple kissing and making out. 

Chuck is thinking, "Wow, this is too easy. This MILF is high and horny. I could make out with Mrs. Johnson for a while here and take her up to my room and fuck her but I think I will just fuck her here in front of my frat brothers. It's more of a challenge that way. Plus when the other wenches at the party see my cock they will beg to get fucked in the future. It pays to advertise."

"Dorothy, you look a bit woozy. Why don't I give you a little massage to get the blood moving?" 

"That is so nice of you Chuck." I sit forward and shift so my back is towards him. He starts massaging my neck. It feels delicious. He has great hands. The couple on the other sofa are only about six feet from us and they are really getting passionate. He is a handsome tall black lad and she is a tiny blonde cheerleader type. He has the body of a trained athlete and she has a trim figure with all the curves in the right places. They are moaning and murmuring love words as they grope each other, oblivious to the world around them. Watching really turns me on. 

Chuck thinks, "Aha, Chris is over there with a new girl. He loves to fuck girls on that sofa and brags he will put a plaque on it with his name to commemorate it for all time. I will let Mrs. Johnson watch the action and get all worked up. Then I will fuck her on this sofa. No, wait, that's too easy. Why not make this a challenge. I will fuck her over there on the pool table when she gets so horny she begs for my cock."

Oh my word, that black fellow has unbuttoned the girl's shirt and he is cupping her braless breast. She is licking his ear and really turning him on. Chuck's massage feels great. My pussy is getting so wet. I should stop watching those two. It is getting me very worked up. Thank goodness Chuck is such a fine young gentleman that he would never do anything inappropriate. I have seen him grow up as a polite boy and his mother and father are our long time friends on the block.

Chuck thinks, "I will wait until Chris's girl pulls his cock out and then feel Mrs. Johnson's tits. Chris has a legendary-sized dick that makes girls wild."

Chuck has pulled me back to snuggle against his chest as he massages my shoulders. Surely there is no harm in that and it makes me feel very safe. Wow, the blonde is unzipping the boy's jeans and pulling out his...... FUCK, look at the size of that thing! What a weapon. I just felt a gush of juice in my pussy and I need to cross my legs. My pussy is throbbing. Oh yes, I feel Chuck's hands cups both my breasts and massage them sensuously. My nipples are rock hard. Oh great, he is pinching them. Yes, yes, harder, YES! I feel a shock run from my nipples to my crotch and it is making me pant. Oh nice, he is slipping a hand down my dress along my bare skin, under my bra and he is cupping my bare breast. Oh yes, that feels wonderful. I think that was me moaning. Jesus, Chuck is going to think I am some kind of slut.

Chuck is thinking, "That was the moan of a woman in heat. Why don't I check out the scene downstairs?"

I can see the blonde's tiny white manicured hand stroke his black cock up and down as they kiss. His cock is so thick she can't even get her fist around it and it is at least three of her hands high. I see he is looking at me with a big grin on his face. What a smart-alec. Oh, Chuck is kissing my neck. That is one of my big turn-ons. What's this? He's reaching down to the hem of my dress and..... oh my word, he's pulling my dress up. If he does that, the boy over there will see my see-through panties! I should stop Chuck but the words are not coming out. Thank goodness I have my knees closed. Mmmmmm. Chuck is stroking the Y on my camel-toe notch. Oh no, I am sure he can feel the wet spot there. I should keep my legs closed. What is this? The boy over there is signalling to me to open my knees so he can see my pussy. I really shouldn't do that. I am a respectable older woman. Chuck is pushing his finger down over my clit. Oh fuck that feels sooooo good. I would like for him to do more but I shouldn't.

Chuck thinks, "Here we are at the moment of truth. If this bitch opens her knees she is walking out of the frat house well fucked and with memories for a lifetime."

He speaks aloud for all to hear, "Open your fucking legs so I can feel your wet pussy!"

My knees spring open with a mind of their own and Chuck dips his hand under my panties and over my sopping wet pussy all the way down to the cheeks of my ass. Then he expertly runs his middle finger back up along my slit to the hard bud of my clitoris. I can't help but let out a loud moan of pleasure and surrender. 

I open my eyes and see the black student whisper something into the ear of his blonde babe. She stands up and quickly takes off all her clothes as he watches and slowly strokes his long erection. When she sits back down he whispers into her ear again and she get up and walks over to us.

The cute girl looks down at us and says, "Chris wants me to take off your panties so he can see your MILF pussy. That's his words, not mine." She reaches down and I close my knees and she dutifully peels my panties down and off me and returns to her man who breaks out in a big shit-ass grin and gives me a thumbs up sign. What a conceited prick.

Chuck murmurs, "I love the feel of your tits and wet pussy. You are making me so horny. Mrs. Johnson, this is all your fault. You are so sexy, I can't help myself. Please don't tell my parents." Chuck thinks its best she think what happens is due to her so she can't complain later and she is more likely to put out if she thinks I will keep it a secret.

His hand on my cunny is making my primal brain crazy with lust. I open my legs as far as I can. Who gives a fuck what that other guy can see? My God, I need to get fucked and I need it now! I'll ask Chuck if we can go to his room for a bit of privacy. Even though he is likely inexperienced with women, I think he'll know what that means. Wait, I feel Chuck unzip the back of my dress. Oh no, I can't get undressed in this room! There are other people playing pool and board games. We should go to his room. 
