 This story is about Dorothy, a soccer-mom who is a first-timer to the swinging scene. Her husband has convinced her to come to a sex club to see what it is all about. It is a story very similar to the Mark's, the guy who hooks up with her in the previous story, but from her viewpoint.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for editing it.



My name is Dorothy. Here I am sitting on a sofa in a large darkened room of a sex club. Who would guess that Miss Goody Two Shoes Dorothy would ever go into a place like this? There are many sofas with people making out or just talking. Wow, there are two big beds with Naugahyde covering. One doesn't need a good imagination to know what happens on those later.

Let me tell you a bit about myself. I am 33 and a stay-at-home mom. My husband, Frank, and I have two children, a boy 6 and a little girl who is 3. Before we had children, I was the secretary in a law office.  Frank is a lawyer. That is how we met. I plan to go back to work when the children are both in school. Frank has been concerned lately that our love-life has been pretty bland. I must admit I am worried about that too. I think it's because of our busy lives with the kids and all. My guess is that every couple goes through this and there is nothing you can do. Frank on the other hand is a go-getter and he has this idea that we should try the swinging sex scene to spice up our sex life. If he would have said that a year or two ago, I would have thought he was crazy and packed my bags but I have secretly read the "Shades of Grey" books and even that new one, "Bared to You". They really make me horny.  Who knows?  Maybe it is worth a try.

This is my first time here. Frank has been here a couple of times to test the waters. They allow single men in on Fridays. He told me all about his sexual exploits. We made a pact to be totally open and truthful about anything we do and I believe he will uphold that. His stories made me a bit jealous. Be sure that I love my husband dearly. But those erotic tales did turn us on and we had the best sex in years after the telling. Tonight is Saturday which is couples night. I am 95% sure that I will not be having sex tonight, at least with a stranger. I am here to watch and check out what happens, period. I will admit that because of the other 5%, tiny, tiny chance, I did buy a new set of sexy purple bra and panties. It also makes me blush to say that I also shaved my private parts this morning especially well. I even did the area deep in the crack of my ass around my anus. I don't know what I was thinking when I did that! Who would ever go there?

Let me tell you more about myself physically. I have been told I am attractive. Once when I was in college, a fellow from a modelling agency gave me his card and said I was beautiful. I am five foot seven inches tall and weigh 128 pounds. We have some exercise equipment in the basement and it keeps me fit though I have put on three pounds since my school days. In school, some of the best looking guys chased me for dates. When I was working, men would flirt with me. It boosted my ego but nowadays as a mom, that just doesn't happen anymore. 

In the sex area, before Frank, I had very little experience. I was a diligent student and did not go out much. I had a part-time job to help pay my tuition and I lived with my parents. I lost my virginity in some guy's dorm room long before meeting my husband. But apart from that and a few other alcohol assisted slam-bam interludes with guys, I have only had real sex with my dear Frank. Until I read the "Shades of Grey" books, I had downplayed the orgasm thing. During sex, I just never had one of those mind-blowing orgasms. But after reading those erotic pages, I went out and secretly bought a personal vibrator and it has been super. I am really learning about my private parts. Frank tried to get me to do oral sex with him but it just seems a bit too icky. 

I forgot to say I have red hair - very red hair that is a bit curly and falls to just below my shoulders. It is my pride and joy. I brush it one hundred times every morning just like my mother taught me. The color is real. Before I started shaving my pubic hair last year, I had a flaming red bush down there. Frank says he misses it.

Tonight I am wearing a purple dress. I chose this one because it is modest and classy with a hem down to my knees and it goes all the way up to my neck. I didn't want to look like a floozy, with a short skirt and lots of cleavage showing like many of the other women in here. No way. Hopefully these men will get the message and keep their distance. I just want to observe, thank you very much. Sorry guys.

Frank is beside me talking up a rather loose looking woman at the other end of the sofa. We agreed he would go out and hook up with someone. No problem. Well I hope it will be no problem. I'm afraid I might get jealous if I see him having sex with another woman. But we really love and trust each other. I don't think it's possible to do this sort of thing unless you really care about your partner and want them to have as much pleasure as possible.

Oh, my goodness, there is a man over there that is openly staring at me! How brazen. I am just going to look away so he won't get any ideas. Hmmm. He did seem like a real hunk. Frank is pretty good looking but this man was attractive in a whole different way. Kind of dangerous if you know what I mean. I think they call it the bad-boy look in Cosmopolitan. He has dark spiky hair and an unshaven face. How do women stand the roughness when men don't have a clean shave? Let me cross my legs, to give him a message. Yes, buddy, you aren't going to be the five per center. That lucky man would have to be a gentleman who just flew in from the south of France on his private jet. You on the other hand likely just rode here on your private motorcycle. 

It won't hurt to take another quick look at the bad boy. He has a tight shirt over a muscular chest. That tells me he works out at the gym. I sure wish Frank would do that.  Oh no, he spotted me looking at him! How egotistical, he's broken into a big grin and licked his lips. He must think he is really something. OK, if I have to admit it, he is pretty cute.  I can't believe I just smiled back at him! What crazy impulse did that? Dammit, what must he think? 

Frank leans towards me. "I have to hit the washroom, love. I will be right back." Off he goes, abandoning me. What do I do until he gets back? Why do I feel all eyes are on me? Oh my word, there is a couple over there having oral sex in front of everyone. Boy, that guy on the receiving end has a happy look on his face. 

I see a few couple are getting up to dance on the small dance floor. The music sure is loud and all the songs seem to have a throbbing beat. I used to love to dance but Frank and I haven't done that in years. Maybe it turned him off doing those ballroom lessons. 

Hells bells, that guy who has been staring at me is walking towards me!

"Hi, my name is Mark. What's yours?"

Dorothy, don't panic. Just try to act normal. "I am Dorothy. Nice to meet you." I offer my hand and he sits down beside me like he owns this place. He has strong hands and I can feel they are a bit rough and callused. When he finally let's go, I cross my hands over my crossed legs. My brain is telling me I have to protect my girlie parts. Why do I have this crazy urge to open my legs? No way, these knees are staying closed, buddy. 

"Great to meet you too." He points to the people groping each other close by, laughs and says, "Well Dorothy, guess you can see you are not in Kansas anymore!" I have heard the "Dorothy joke" a million times but at least he seems to be trying. I give him a smile. I must admit it's nice to have an attractive guy flirt with me. Makes me feel like I am not just a frumpy old housewife.  From what I have seen, this is the best looking guy in the place.

"Dorothy, I really love that dress. Is that silk?" He puts that strong hand on my thigh. A bolt of lightning just went through me! Dorothy, keep it together girl. Just breathe slowly. 

"Thanks, but no, it's just a simple polyester type of fabric."  

"Well, it is very attractive. And I must say, you are the most beautiful woman in this room. Well of course, after my wife who is over there making friends."

My heart is racing. Thank goodness, Frank is back and sitting down.

"Well Dorothy, I see you've made a new friend already. Please introduce me."

"This is Mark. He just came over to chat. Mark, this is my husband, Frank." I cannot believe that this man is still keeping his hand on my leg. How brazen and conceited can a man be? My brain is dizzy. I better make a retreat. 

"Frank, I am going to the ladies room. Very nice to meet you Mark." Was that my nervous, little-girl voice? What will they think?

I walk to the washroom and sit on the toilet. My heart is racing. I feel myself down below and cannot believe that I got wet and aroused with that guy sitting with me. The other women in the washroom are laughing together and having a great time. That covers the tinkle of my peeing. Finally my heart stops racing and it is time to get back out there.

The two men have left only a space between them so I will have to sit beside that guy again. What will I do if he puts his hand on my leg again?

Frank says, "Dorothy, Mark and I have had a nice chat and I asked him to watch over you tonight. As we discussed, I am going to be out making new women friends. That is what these clubs are all about. You know, you're my first love. Mark seems a good fellow that we can trust. Good luck guys." 

WHAT???!!???!!!!

Mark leans towards me. "Don't worry, Dorothy. This place has a lot of really great people. Let me fill you in on some of the club etiquette. First and foremost, no means no. If anyone does anything to make you uncomfortable, like let's say a guy like me puts his hand on your thigh like this." 

Oh my God, he has done it again! I knew it!  

"All you have to say is no and they must stop." Well, I am no prude and by the looks of it with all the groping that these other folks are doing, this "hand on the thigh thing" is nothing.

"Is that clear?"

"Yes, I understand." His fingers are just inches from my private area. My knees have a mind of their own and want to open up but my rational brain is fighting the urge and keeping them closed. I can feel that primitive part is getting my cunny all juicy again.  

He says, "Dorothy, can I have this dance?" Great, that should cool things out.

My goodness, these folks love their music loud and strong. These fast dances are so freeing and happy. Mark is a very good dancer. I have heard that good dancers make good lovers. I bet he has a lot of practice because he would have no trouble hooking up with girls in here. I feel good that he has chosen me even though there is no way he will be getting into my knickers tonight.  He leads me just like the dance instructor said a man should do. Whew, did he just grab my butt? Ah well, no big harm in that, I guess. We are laughing and dancing. Must be the bottle of wine at dinner before coming here.  He sure likes to touch my bottom. The first time might have been an accident but not all these other times. HA HA. I know what you are up to buster. 

The music slows and he draws me towards him. I hesitate. I feel like it's like "the spider to the fly." What the hell, you only live once. He holds my right hand in a waltz position and puts his right hand in the small of my back, just like they taught us. He must have taken lessons too. Hmm, maybe he is an instructor. He firmly pulls my hips to his. Electricity. The DJ can really pick a sexy slow song. I can feel his strong chest against my breasts. I feel his hot breath in my ear. How did he know that is one of my big turn-ons. I can feel his package in the front of his pants getting harder and my hips instinctively move towards it. He kisses my neck and it sends a warm sensation though my body. I feel sooooo sexy.

He is letting his hands fall to my buttocks. It seems so natural as he massages them seductively. Ahhh, yes. That feels so good. He is pulling my hips towards his manhood and rubbing the hardness against my crotch. Whew, it is getting hot in here. I lay my head on his upper chest. His cologne mixed with his sweat is intoxicating.  

He must be getting really turned on because he just reached his hand to the front of his pants and adjusted his erection.  Oh, my goodness that feels so big against my stomach. My girlfriend at the law office where I used to work loves to have sex with men who have large penises. She always raves about any new "Mr. Big" adventures she has. But I have read that size does not matter. Her reaction to that argument was "Bull Shit." 

Why don't I just slip my hands behind his neck and enjoy the ride?

Oh, he's sliding his hand up and down my side and nudging my breast at the top of every stroke. I know where you are going Mr. Sneaky. Ahhh, I knew it. You are cupping my breast in your hand and massaging it expertly. Ummmm. I can't help but moan when you roll my nipple in your strong fingers. 

He whispers in my ear, "I want you feel how you are turning me on." He takes my hand and moves it to his manhood. I have my hand balled in a fist. This is just too intimate and overwhelming but he holds my wrist until I relax and grip his penis through his pants. I gasp at the sheer size of his weapon and reach down to the base and back up to the tip to measuring the unbelievable length. My heavens, I have never felt a big one like this before. Not even close. I can't help stroking it up and down. What am I doing? 

My legs are getting weak and I am feeling woozy. I look up into Mark's handsome face and say, "Mark, I am feeling light headed. This is all so overwhelming. I need to lie down before I faint." 

He says, "I know just the place. Hold on to me and I'll lead you to a safe place to rest and recover." I encircle my arm in his for support as we walk to a door off the main room that opens to a private bedroom with a bed and small side tables and several chairs. On one wall is a huge mirror. He closes the door behind us. The noise of the music dims. He leads me to the bed. 

"Please lay here and you'll feel better in no time." I lie down. He says, "Push over love. Let me lay beside you." I shift over and lay on my back with him on his side looking down at me. His eyes are roaming all over my body. I feel like he can see right through my cloths to my secret areas. 

I close my eyes. He puts his hand on my stomach and I can feel it tremble with his touch. I open my eyes and can't help smiling up at him. 

He says, "How are you feeling my dear?"

"Oh, so much better, Mark. Thanks for finding this pleasant place to rest."

"Yes, it is a private place where we won't be disturbed." He puts the back of his hand to my cheek. "Your face is much cooler now. I think you'll live." We both chuckle. 

He looks deeply into my eyes and says, "You are so very, very beautiful Dorothy. I feel so lucky to be beside you. Could I possibly have a kiss?"

How can I not say to the affirmative? "Yes, Mark."

He dips his lips to mine. Our mouths open and our tongues swirl in a passionate dance.

Our lips part. "Dorothy, you are so beautiful and so sexy. Your husband is such a lucky man." His hand is still on my stomach and I can feel it tremble a bit more. If he moves his hand to my breast or down below, I don't think I can resist him. He takes his hand away and I hear a zipper. He takes my hand and puts it on his stiff erection. Oh, sweet mercy, it is incredible. It is as big around as the hose on my vacuum cleaner. My word! Ahh, it feels like velvet over ivory. The skin moves so easily when I stroke it. My private parts are gushing and throbbing. All the blood in my body must be going there and not to my brain. 

I am craning my neck to see what I have in my hand but I am at the wrong angle.

He sees what I am doing and says, "Why don't you sit up a bit my dear and take a good look. Don't be shy." He is obviously proud of his thing. But what guy wouldn't be?

I get up on my elbow and stare down at it. Wow, that is one gorgeous piece of equipment. My hand seems so small as I stroke it up and down. He is circumcised just like Frank but that is where the similarity ends. I could just stroke it like this forever. Hmm, I see there is a small clear liquid coming out of the slit at the end. I wonder how that would taste. 

"You like my cock?" 

I nod yes and cannot take my eyes off of it. My lips are dry and I lick them.  

From out of the blue he says, "Hell, why don't I get more comfortable."

He undoes his belt in a flash, shimmies out of his pants, whips off his socks, unbuttons his shirt and tosses it all on the floor in a few seconds. 

HE IS NUDE AND LAYING BESIDE ME!

His penis needs my hand and I reach down to hold it. I can see now that he has shaved the whole area including his ball-sack. 

He says confidently, "Now, where were we? Oh yes, you were going to suck my cock." 

How did he read my mind? It seems that my mouth is nearing his staff in seconds. I have to stretch my lips wide to engulf the head. That tastes great, a bit salty and nice. I love to lick around the head while it is in my mouth. If I bob my head a bit it might please him with the friction against my tongue. I hope I am doing this right. I don't have a lot of experience.

"Baby, that feels great. Why don't you hold my penis, take the head out of your mouth and just lick it with your wonderful wet tongue?" 

Of course, I do exactly that.

"Ahhh, yes. Just like that. Oh yes. That's super. Make it really, really wet. Now, why don't you lick up and down my whole cock?  Oh, yes. Just like that that. Good girl. Yes. Ummmm. Very good."

He talks SO dirty. It is really turning me on. My pussy is just dripping. 

"Now, put that big dick deep in your mouth, suck a bit and stroke the shaft slowly up and down. Don't worry. I won't cum in your mouth right now. I'll likely cum in your mouth later after I fuck you real good."

Oh I hope so. No I know so. You are going to fuck me real good. Use me. It is just natural. Yes, just use me.



He puts his hand on the top of my head and pushes down until I feel his cock hit the back of my throat. I can feel his balls touching my chin. He holds my head for a while but I cannot breathe with the head of his manhood lodged in my throat. I get panicky but he withdraws before I black out.

"Ya, baby. You are doing great. That feels EXCELLENT." I am glad he likes it.

He continues, "Hey, love. Give my balls a nice squeeze there, will ya?" I immediately cup his clean-shaven sack and roll the eggs. This is all so dirty and it is making me crazy with lust.  

"Way to go love, but what the hell. Why don't you give my balls a good lick? Ahhh. That is yummy. Yes, just like that." I am making them sooo wet.

"Dorothy, why don't you come up here?" 

What a state I am in. I can hear myself panting. He looks down at my body like he wants to eat me. He is so dangerous that I cannot resist anything he wants to do to me. Hell, I WANT him to do anything just so long as it involves getting that cock in my pussy.

"Why don't I check to see if you are really turned on?" 

He reaches down to the hem of my dress and pulls it up. I know he can see the wet mark on my panties. Oh, how embarrassing! 

"My dear, how the fuck am I going to feel your pussy if you close your legs like that. Spread those legs, NOW." I spread them as far as I can. Touch any part of me. 

"Very good. Now let's see if you are really turned on or just faking it." Yes. YES!

He runs the palm of his hand over my pubic mound and then with his middle finger notched in my slit under my panties dips his hand down the length of my cunny to my ass cheeks. Was that me moaning? He is making me so HOT. 
