 Hi, my name is Dorothy and I am a true 'Soccer Mom.' This is the ninth installment recording my sexual journey. I live in suburbia as a stay-at-home mom and my 6 year-old son is really in a soccer league. My 3 year-old daughter will surely play, too when she gets older. A few months ago, I had an amazing sexual experience at a swingers club with my husband Frank that transformed my attitudes towards sex. Before, I was 'Miss Goody Two' shoes but now I am a fox or as the young men I have been with say, a MILF. I have been writing in Literotica about my adventures since my first swing party. Please read the previous episodes to get an idea of how my sex life has changed for the better.

Let me describe myself. I'm 33 and have red hair, very red hair, that's a bit curly and falls to my shoulders. Before I started shaving my pubic hair, I could have proved I was a real red head. Physically, I have been told I am attractive. Once when I was in college, a fellow from a modeling agency gave me his card and said I was beautiful. I'm five foot seven inches tall and weigh 128 pounds. My bra size is 36C and I must say I think my breasts are magnificent. We have some exercise equipment in the basement and it keeps me fit though I have put on a few pounds since my school days. In school, some of the best looking guys chased me for dates. When I was working, men would flirt with me. It boosted my ego. As a mom, that just didn't happen anymore until I had my swinging experiences. Now, the guys at the swing club flirt with me openly and I have had some sexual adventures with good looking guys that tell me I am beautiful. Why would they lie? Haha. You and I KNOW why they'd lie!

Let me outline the previous chapters of my Literotica posts so you can see where I'm coming from. The first three are at the swing club where I had my first wife swapping adventure. The fourth was about my meeting with my son's soccer coach. I found that flashing my pussy to him got me soundly fucked by a real he-man. In the fifth installment, I'm at a frat house fulfilling the MILF sex dreams of a university student named Chuck, from my neighborhood. Cell phone photos of the orgy have had frat boys calling and blackmailing me for hot sex. Unbeknownst to the young men, I am now a sex-hungry fox, and I love the variety of sexual adventures. The sixth story is about my neighbor, Silvia, frat-boy Chuck's mother, blackmailing me into having a lesbian encounter. We became good friends. Then Silvia filled in for me with two frat studs and would-be blackmailers in town with a lust for MILF sex. The seventh and eighth stories are about my encounter with a sweet young man, a frat buddy of Chuck. He gets what he wants, sex with a hot MILF, me. I get what I want, sex with a young stud. 

This episode has Silvia and I conspiring to get Silvia's husband, Ralph, into the swinging lifestyle by first having a four-way swap date with my husband, Frank, and me. This story is told from Ralph's perspective. But first, a girl-to-girl chat to hear us lusty ladies planning.

"Dorothy, since having that sex date with those two young, horny university students, I've been having mixed emotions. On the one hand, I feel guilty as hell that I broke my marriage vows to Ralph, the husband I love so dearly. On the other, I get so turned on thinking about the erotic acts the boys and I enjoyed in that motel room. How do you live with those conflicting feelings, girl?"

"Silvia, I love my husband, Frank dearly too. Before he and I set foot inside the swing club, we made a deal. We could have sex with other people, but we had to tell each other the details of what we did. That way, it was just sex. We believe that having an emotional attachment to someone outside our marriage IS cheating on our vows. But sex is just sex. We fuck like bunnies after we tell each other our erotic adventures. Now what you have to do to continue your randy sexual adventures without guilt is to get Ralph to get into swinging and make that same deal. I'm sure he'd love to dip his stick in a strange pussy. He's like all men."

"Ahhh, I see. Okay, got it. Get him into the swing club to give it a try?"

"That might work, but I have a better idea. Why don't we ease him into it with a little neighborhood encounter. You tell him that you and I had a chat and I told you that my husband and I had started into the swinging lifestyle. Then say that I propositioned you to have a couples' sex date this Saturday at my house. You guys have been to many neighborhood pool parties with us. They were good times. This will just be a FUCKING good time. Hahahaha. And Silvia, don't tell him about the frat boys sex date. That will just get him riled up. The agreement you strike with him to tell all should be about FUTURE encounters." 

"Dorothy, you naughty cougar, you. That's a great idea. Plus, I get to test drive that burly husband of yours. Hahahaha." 

Later that evening after dinner, Ralph and Silvia have a talk.

"Ralph, this afternoon, Dorothy from down the block, you know the one that has the nice pool in her back yard, well, she came over for a girl-to-girl chat and said the most incredible things. It seems that they've started going to one of those swinger's sex clubs. You know, the kind where couples swap and have sex right there. She said it has really helped their marriage. They are loving it."

"Wow, that is incredible. But I could see it with her. She is a bit of a sex pot at those block pool parties." 

"Well, hubby dear, the other thing is that she invited us to come over on Saturday night for a swap date with her and her husband, Frank." 

"Get outa town!"

"No, she was totally serious. I asked her how it affected their marriage. Weren't they jealous and such. She said no. They had a pact that this was only about sexual pleasure for them. There'd be no emotional attachment to anybody outside their marriage. They could have sexual adventures but they had to tell the other person everything that happened." 

"That blows my mind. Dorothy and Ralph, who would have thought it."

"You know dear, I was thinking that maybe it would be something for us to try. We're like all long time married folks, our sex life is not what it used to be. Don't get me wrong, I love you and that wonderful pleasure stick between your legs but what the hell? We would have to have the same deal as them, however. No outside emotional attachments. It's only sex and any adventures we have, we must tell the other person."

"Wow, I can't believe this is happening. Sure..... okay, let's give it a try. And you have my solemn oath that if I ever have sex outside our great marriage, I'll tell you everything. Now let's go upstairs and get naked. All this talk has gotten me very turned on. I want to treat your body like an amusement park."

"Baby, you big stud. I'm gonna ride you like a two-dollar whore. Let's go."

SATURDAY NIGHT: Ralph's viewpoint as he is introduced to the swinging lifestyle. 

Here we are walking over to the neighbor's. We've done this many times but tonight's a whole lot different. Must admit I AM a bit nervous about this.

It was a real treat watching Silvia get all dressed up for our sex date. She put on some sexy red panties and matching pushup bra that she bought at Victoria's Secret. Hell, she even bought me some sexy briefs, too. She's really taking all this in stride. Women seem to be like that. I'll never be able to figure them out.

We're both dressed in black, her in a hot tight cocktail dress with a naughty short hemline and me in black slacks and silk shirt. We're certainly dressed the part of a middle-aged, sexy couple.

Okay, here we are. Let me ring the bell.

Dorothy opens the door. "Hi guys, come on in! Frank's upstairs putting his makeup on. Just kidding!" She gives us New York air kisses. A wave of very musky perfume hits me. "You guys look great, come on in."

Dorothy is looking very hot in her party dress with a very deep neckline that is showing a lot of very sexy cleavage. I can't believe I'm going to be fondling those globes soon. The scarlet color of her dress goes really nicely with her flaming red hair. I wonder if she is a natural red head down THERE. Hell, I guess if you're a swinger, you shave your pussy. Hmmm. Maybe I should've shaved my balls.

Silvia chirps up, "Dorothy, you look fabulous. Doesn't she, Ralph?"

I get pulled out of my reverie. "Yes, Dorothy you look fantastic." Delicious is what I wanted to say. It looks like the girls are running this show. Fine with me. Ahh, here's Frank.

"Hi folks, welcome to our humble abode." He gives Silvia an air kiss and pumps my hand enthusiastically. "Come on in." He and Dorothy lead us along a hallway to the back of the house. When we get to the family room he turns and says, "Dorothy and I thought that, since it's such a warm night, we should sit outside on the patio in the garden. But first let's stop and get a drink. What can I get you?

Silvia says, "I'll have some white wine. Any kind is good."

I say, "Give me a scotch and water." 

Frank passes Silvia a full wine glass and me a very tall scotch. "Ralph, I made yours a double. Best to take the edge off. Haha." Hell, I could use a triple. I'm a bit nervous about all this. 

Dorothy lifts her glass, "Here's to friends becoming very close friends!" We all clink our glasses together.

Dorothy takes my arm and says, "Why don't you and I sit together and get better acquainted." She pulls me forward and out the sliding doors to the patio. She walks us to a love seat on a swing and we sit down away from our spouses. The night is dark but the patio is lit in a subdued fashion.

"I'm really glad that you and Silvia came over tonight." She breaks out into a foxy smile and crosses her legs in a sexy way. Her skirt rises up and I can see a lot of her thigh. I'm not used to a woman coming on to me like this. 

"Well, Silvia thought it would be a good idea." What a stupid thing to say. "And ahh, I thought it was a good idea, also." She smiles even more, turns to me, and drapes her arm on the top of the love seat behind me. I can't help looking at her beautiful breasts. She leans a bit towards me to give me a better look. "They're pretty nice aren't they, Ralph?" Jeez, not only is she not offended by me staring at her tits, she is loving it.

"You can say that again." Fuck, I sound like a high school virgin.

I hear some music and look over Dorothy's shoulder and see Silvia and Frank dancing a slow one. A twinge of jealousy pops into my brain as I see them holding each other very closely.

I jump with an electric jolt as Dorothy rests her hand midway up my thigh. I wasn't expecting that. The dancers are forgotten as I look back at my beautiful neighbor. I smile and slip my hand to her thigh. I am the man around here.

"Hmmm, that feels very nice Ralph." She uncrosses her legs. I hear the swish of silk on silk. I need my hands free so I gulp my drink down and place the glass on the small patio table beside us. She passes me her empty glass and I put it beside mine. I return my hand to her thigh.

She sits back and waits for me to make the next move. I look over and see Frank massaging my wife's ass as they dance. I'm not sure why, but my cock starts to get hard seeing this. Thank god my equipment is working. I was a bit worried that I might not be able to get it up when the action starts.

I shift closer to her and hug her, pulling her to my body with my face buried in the soft hair above her ear. Her sexy perfume really gets my engine running. I can feel her firm breasts on my chest. I slip my hand to her firm butt and give it a nice squeeze.

In a husky voice she coos, "Oh, you naughty boy." You bet I'm naughty and when you feel my dick in your hot pussy you will find out what naughty is all about.

I look over at the dancers and Silvia is stroking the tent in the front of Frank's pants. What a slut. I would never have guessed it. But what the hell, that's why we're here. 

Wow, Dorothy has moved her hand up and is feeling MY junk. Whew, that feels fucking great. Was that me moaning? Guess so. Gotta get a feel of those sweet tits. I move my hand to her breast. It's a perfect handful and very firm. I can even feel her hard nipple through the bra. This is the sexiest thing I've done in years. My cock is like steel. I hear a zipper. My god, she's pulling my dick out of my pants! 

"You have a nice cock. Ralph. I just have to give it a big kiss." She flips her hair to the far side of her head to give me a good look at her in action, moves her lips to my cock-head, and takes it into her red lipstick-covered mouth. What a horny slut. My god, she's deep-throating me. That is so fucking sweet. Wow! 

In a sex-clouded haze, I glance over where our spouses are and see my formerly shy wife on her knees in front of Frank who's sitting on a lawn chair. She's giving him a blow job. Now THAT is a sexy vision. He has a big shit-ass grin on his face. What? He's giving me a thumbs up. We are both getting BJs from a new woman. I smile and give him a thumbs up back. 

I see him take my wife's head off his cock and they get up. He shouts over, "Let's go inside," and goes through the sliding doors into the house. Dorothy seems to know what's happening and rises and takes my hand to lead me inside. I put my dick back in my pants. What do they have planned for us? As we pass the family room, I make Dorothy and me another drink and this time, I do make it a triple. I gulp half of it down before she takes my hand and leads me down a hallway to the master bedroom. 

I couldn't wait to be alone with her and see her hot body. But as we approach the door, I hear Frank and Silva talking inside. Holy fuck, are we going to be in the same room when we are having sex? Not what I expected. I enter the room and there is a giant king-sized bed covered by a dark red satin sheet. Standing on one side is Silvia, dressed only in her bikini panties and bra, with Frank buck-naked beside her hugging her and massaging her ass-cheeks. They're kissing deeply and don't seem to notice our arrival. 

I gulp the rest of my drink down and put the glass on a dresser. When I turn to Dorothy, she already has her dress off and is standing with just her bra and panties as well. I am getting a strange hunch that the girls had planned all this. She starts to unbuckle my belt, in a hurry to get at my goods while I unbutton my shirt. Off go my clothes and I am just as naked as Frank with my stiff dick pointing to the ceiling. He and Silvia are now on the bed in a horizontal close embrace. I get a slight twinge of jealousy again when I realize that I will soon be seeing my faithful wife getting fucked in front of my eyes.

Dorothy pulls me to the bed and we lie down with her towards the middle. I kind of wish I have her spot so I could be looking out at a wall rather than at my wife getting laid right next to us. Silvia is on her side with her back to me, facing Frank. I see that they are kissing passionately.

I hug Dorothy into my body and she fits very nicely. I see Frank move his hand to my wife's ass and give it a good feel. He then moves it to the back of her bra and with one hand, undoes it and my wife wiggles her torso as he removes it and drills his eyes into her chest. Then Silvia removes her panties without him even asking. What a little tramp.

Dorothy reaches down and starts stroking my cock. The action beside me is turning me on. I reach behind her and undo her bra and remove it. Her breasts are glorious. Much bigger than Silvia's, soft and firm. I go down and kiss them all over and suck on a nipple as she pushes my face into her tits and moans loudly. While I'm down there, I slip my hand under the waistband of her panties. She spreads her legs lewdly as soon as she realizes what I am doing. I run my hand over her bald crotch from the camel-toe notch to her asshole. She is wet and horny as she bucks her hips up against my hand. I strip her panties down her legs and toss them to the floor.

I hear Frank say, "Suck my cock. Silvia." It resonates in my brain. Holy shit, she almost never sucks my cock. I peek over and she is on her knees between his legs holding his staff with one hand, his balls in the other and sucking the head of his dick with gusto. What a truly horny sight. And I see that his dick is just about the same size as mine. All of a sudden, Frank grabs her head with both hands and starts bobbing her head forcefully on his cock. "I love fucking your pretty face, Silvia. That feels great." He releases her and she gasps for air. 

Dorothy looks down at me and says, "Lay back Ralph, I want to suck your big dick." I lay back on the bed and she dives to my manhood and starts sucking like a two-dollar hooker. I can see Silvia steal a look over at Dorothy's mouth bobbing up and down on my weapon.

Frank wants more. "Give my balls a good lick there, baby. I love it when a woman licks my balls. Amazingly, Silvia immediately starts licking his clean-shaven ball-sack. "Oh yes, Silvia, make it nice and wet. Ahhh. That feels great."

Without asking, Dorothy starts running her wet tongue all over my nut-sack. It feels fucking fantastic. I must shave my balls before we do this again. She gets up on her knees and straddles my hips and lowers her cunny to my cock and impales herself on it. This MILF can't wait to get fucked. She starts to rock her hips seductively and that slides her hot love canal up and down the length of my cock, cowgirl style. I'm in sex heaven.

I hear beside me, "Sweetie, come up here and sit on my face. I want to lick that hot pussy of yours." Christ, she loves cunnilingus. We should probably close the windows because she gets pretty loud when there is a tongue on her clit. I peek over and see she is literally running up on her knees and then throws a leg over his head and mashing her pussy onto his face. In a few seconds, she closes her eyes and a look of complete pleasure is on her face as Frank's tongue finds its target. I'm glad my dear wife is finding pleasure. She's moaning loudly and swiveling her hips to get maximum tongue action on her sensitive areas. I can see her partner stroking his dick as she has her fun riding his face.

Dorothy starts getting very turned on. "Oh your cock feels so good. Oh, I'm going to cum. OOOOOOOoooohhhhh. AAAAAAhhhhhh. I'm fucking cummmmming." She must have been getting very worked up while waiting for us virgin swingers to get here. Dorothy's tits are bouncing up and down as she rides me hard and has a giant orgasm. I reach up and grab those beauties and tweak her nipples to give her even more reason to scream in pleasure. I can feel her orgasmic spasms rippling along the length of my erection buried deep inside her. When the orgasm subsides, she falls forward and rests on my chest as she regains her senses.

I let her catch her breath as I look over and see Silvia on all fours with her head towards the end of the bed and her pussy pointed towards my end. Frank moves into position behind her and grabs her hips and mounts her doggy-style. I can see his ball-sack hanging down below his buttocks. He starts thrusting and, because her tits are hanging down, they start swinging lewdly. Every time his hips hit hers, the flesh of her ass-cheeks jiggles. It's an unbelievably sexy sight to behold. I know this is Silvia's favorite position. She always gets off this way. Sure enough, she is whipping her head and hair and urging him on.

Seeing all this has my brain flooded with adrenaline and testosterone. I need to get me some of this doggy-style action and fuck a pussy HARD. "Dorothy, get up there on your hands and knees. I need to fuck your tight pussy." She jumps up in a wink and her sexy ass is up in the air ready to be drilled. The girls are side by side. I spit on my hand and swirl the saliva over the head of my cock as I get into position. Dorothy, the horny slut, has put her chest on the bed and grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and spread her crack wide. Her pussy slit and love hole as well as her asshole are clearly visible. My target is easy to see as I place the point of my stiffy in the entrance to her vagina and slide into her luscious hot, wet, glove-like love canal. I slowly go as deep as possible to where my balls nudge up against her pussy. 
