 This is the fourth instalment concerning the sexually inexperienced soccer-mom, Dorothy who goes to a swingers club for the first time and it changes her life. The first three instalments were from the viewpoint of Frank, her husband, Dorothy and Mark who seduced and fucked her at the club. The next instalment was about Dorothy's meeting with her son's soccer coach. She found that flashing her pussy got her soundly fucked by a real he-man. The fifth instalment had Dorothy at a frat house fulfilling the MILF sex dream of a university student from her neighborhood.

This episode is about how cell phone pics of her getting fucked by the frat brothers come back to haunt her back home in a way she would never imagined. The story is told from Dorothy's perspective. 

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for editing it.




Silvia Spenser just gave me a call to come over at one o'clock for a chat over coffee. Strange, she has never done that before. I am a stay-at-home mom but she has a job so she is usually not at home on a work day. This is likely why we never got very close even though we have been neighbors a few door from each other for over ten years. Seems we only got to say hello and chat briefly at family pool parties a few times every summer. 

Her voice seemed stressed. I sure hope she hasn't found out about her son Chuck and I having sex at his university dorm. His friends had taken pictures that are scandalous. What a disaster if my husband, Frank, or the neighbors were to know how I acted like a complete tramp. 

A couple of weeks ago, her son came home for spring break and threatened to show the pictures unless I had sex with him. Little did he realize that I would have gladly have done him without the blackmail. I let him think he was forcing me just to make him get more down and dirty and controlling with the sex play. He even said he was going to send his friends to fuck me and I had better do them or he would expose my sins. I secretly was overjoyed at the prospect of a regular stream of young men who would help put out the flame in my crotch that has been burning since Frank and I started going to the swinger's club almost every week.

Silvia is an attractive woman, about ten years older than me. She is an executive at an international technology company and carries herself very confidently in a refined way. She has a trim build. She told me they have a full workout room at her company's building. I don't think I ever saw her with one of her short brunette hairs out of place. Her husband, Ralph, is a jolly friendly sort, quite unlike her. Unfortunately, we have never gotten to know them that well. But that is today's world, isn't it - where next door neighbors can be almost strangers? 

I did some gardening in the morning and changed into shorts and a colorful short-sleeved blouse and, with my sandals, I walked over and am standing at their front door. I ring the bell and I can hear her footsteps on the other side. The door swings open and there stands Silvia wearing shorts and a summer blouse, too. Great minds think alike.

I chirp out, "Hi, Silvia! Thanks for the invitation. You must be have a day off to enjoy this beautiful spring weather." 

She replies, "Come in Dorothy. Let's sit in the living room." She points to a room on the right and we walk in and sit across from each other with me on a mauve sofa and her in a matching stuffed chair. 

She seems very serious so I try to break the ice. "I don't know why we haven't spent more one-on-one time away from our husbands, Silvia. We girls should get together on a regular basis." She leans forward and picks up a folder from the coffee table between us and looks me straight in the eye."

"Dorothy, I was shocked to discover some photos in my son's room showing you and he and a number of other student friends of his, having sex. I could not believe my eyes. I had no idea that you were such a harlot. My son doesn't know I found these filthy pictures. It would simply be too embarrassing for words. Chuck is such a nice young gentleman and I have visited the fraternity house and met the other fine young men there. You must have used every feminine trick to corrupt him and his associates."

I tried to break in and tell her about the marijuana and alcohol. "Please, let me explai......."

She cut me off mid-word. "There is no explanation for a mature decent woman doing what you did. I can only surmise that you are a tramp." She sits back on the sofa and gives me a stern look. "If I want to I can expose you to the neighbors. Maybe your husband knows about this, maybe he doesn't. Maybe an anonymous package of photos can be sent to his boss at work. I have been doing a lot of thinking and I am very angry. But I am going to let you off, on one condition. Ever since, I had a sleep-over with a girlfriend of mine in high school and we fooled around a bit in bed, quite innocently, I have always wondered what it would be like to have sex with a woman. You are going to fulfill my fantasy or I am going to expose you to the world as the slut you are."

My mind is totally confused. This is the last thing I expected. I have never been intimate with a woman. My mind is reeling with the thought.

She barks out, "Don't just sit there, get your ass over here on this sofa or walk out and suffer the consequences." She pats the cushion on her left. 

Do I have a choice? I look over at her and know if I sit beside her on that sofa, there is no turning back, I will be totally submitting. Hell I think, this won't kill me. Maybe it will be good. I get up and cross to her side. She is several inches taller than me. She smirks at her power over me and slides to my side with our bodies touching. She is close enough that I can smell her musky perfume. 

She wastes no time. "Why don't I see what we have in here?" She starts to unbutton my blouse from the top and soon she pulls open the fabric and my pink bra is exposed. MMMmmm. Isn't this handy, your bra has a nice clasp at the front. I have always envied your firm breasts when we were in our bathing suits at the pool parties. Let's take a good look at them up close." She unhinges the clasp and pulls back the cups and stares brazenly at my tits. 

I am ashamed that my nipples are fully erect. I can feel my pussy moisten as she cups my left breast and runs her manicured thumb over the hard, eraser-size nipple. She takes it between her thumb and forefinger and gives it a hard tweak. I try to subdue a my sigh of pleasure but it is impossible as the surge of pleasure ripples through me from the point of my breast straight to my crotch.

"Ahh. You like that? What a horny bitch you are." She unbuttons her blouse quickly and pulls open the silk fabric to expose her own globes. "Now it's my turn. Give my breasts a good feel just like a lover would do to create maximum pleasure." 

I reach over and cup her right breast with my left hand. It is as smooth and soft as a baby's bum. It's amazing that it feels strange to the touch. I have never felt a woman's body. I had expected it to feel the same as touching myself but it is very different. I am sure if a straight man touches the ball-sack of another man for the first time, it would feel completely different than touching himself down there. That's how this feels. I look up at her face and I see her eyes are closed and a look of sheer pleasure is across her face. It turns me on that she is getting turned on. I take a bullet-hard nipple between my fingers and massage it gently. Her lips form a smile of pleasure as I roll it sensuously. 

She murmurs breathlessly, "God, I've been fantasizing about this for a week and it feels even better than I dreamed." She puts her hand on the back of my head and pulls me down. "Suck on my tits you dirty slut. Ralph never does that anymore and I love it." 

I open my lips and suck her areola into my mouth and swirl my tongue around just like I love it done. She responds with a low moan and pulls my head so my lips are mashed into her breast. 

"Ahhhh. Yes, yes, just like that. Ahhhh. That is great. Ohhh, don't you stop. Mmmmmm. That's delicious. Now harder, suck harder. Mmmmm. That is sooooo good. Now the other one....... Yes, yes just like that. Suck my nipple really good. God, I am getting so damn horny." 



I hear a zipper and I look down and see she is opening the front of her shorts. What if she wants me to go down on her? She is lifting her bottom off the sofa and sliding her shorts off. I can see a big wet spot on the front of her pink bikini panties. It makes the fabric transparent and I can see she has pubic hair that is trimmed enough so I can see the camel-toe slit of her pussy at the bottom of her pubic mound. I can smell the strong feminine scent of her pussy. This is a woman in heat. 

Ahhh, good, she is sliding her right hand under the waistband and down under to her womanly parts. Good. She will get herself off like that. I don't know how I could lick a vagina. I have been a bit curious but I am 150% hetero.

In a gruff voice she says, "Keep sucking my breasts. Don't stop until I tell you." 

I continue and do the best job I can. I want her to get off. The sooner the better. The slurping sounds of me at her chest mingle with the wet sounds coming from her crotch. Her girlie parts must be super wet and she is getting off with her fingers. She starts to pant and I think she is almost there. Then she suddenly stops.

"Time for us to get naked, slut." She pulls my head back and shimmies out of her blouse and lifts her ass up and removes her panties. Now she is completely naked. She has a nice, tight body. "Don't just sit there, get those clothes off. I have a few ideas that I want to try."

I really have no choice, so I stand and strip as she brazenly eyes my body with a big shit-ass grin on her face as I reveal all. I resist the urge to cover myself with my hands. I would never think of doing that in a woman's change room but her look of animal sexuality makes me self conscious. She pats the sofa beside her. The message is clear and I sit back down. 

"Now where were we" Ahh, yes you were sucking my titties. I just can't get enough of that. Get down there again and do just like before but this time I want you to stroke my womanly area while you do it." 

Okay I think, I can do that. I nuzzle into her boobs. Then I hesitate to think about the feeling her sex part. She grabs my hand and growls, "I said feel my pussy," and she pushes it down towards her hot spot. I quickly slip my hand down her flat stomach to the hair on her pubic mound. It is soft. As I reach down further, I can feel the slot of her camel-toe and the hair gets damp and then wet as I go onward. 

As my hand was reaching the Y where her legs meets her body, she opened her legs wide to give me total access to the first pussy other than mine I have touched. I can feel her down-covered nether lips and the wet gash between. I cup my hand over the entire area, just like I like to be touched by a lover, and gently circle my palm over everything. She lets out a low primal sound from deep in her throat. I run two fingers in the wet gash from far down by her ass cheeks up to the hard bud of her clitoris. This time she lets out a loud squeal of delight and pants breathlessly as I twirl my index finger around her inflamed clit. Her hips start humping my hand for greater friction. 

She whispers, "Put two fingers inside me." I do as instructed and she is soon humping my hand as I slide my fingers in and out of her sopping wet love canal. This is starting to get me very turned on and I secretly move my hand to my crotch to pleasure myself. I'm extremely wet down there too. I am sure she is going to cum soon and I can get home and work off my passion with that new giant black vibrator.

She must have seen my hand in action on my cunny. She says, "Ahhh the little harlot is playing with herself. Why don't I suck on your tits for a while. I've always wanted to do that and this is my big chance. 

She pulls me up so that I am leaning on the back of the sofa. She stares at my naked breasts and she slowly cups my left one with her right hand. She is kind of weighing it experimentally and then dives down and gobbles the point of my tit and nipple. A shot of pure sexual passion shoots through me and I can hardly breathe. She massages my breast enthusiastically while licking and teasing my nipple with gusto. 

"Oh fuck that feels sooooo good. WOW," I pant. Before I need to beg for it, I feel her hand dip down to my crotch. My legs shoot open instinctively and she caresses all the right places. I am getting a bit dizzy as all my blood rushes to my crotch. 

She purrs, "I can't believe how hot and wet you are down there. Am I like that too?" I nod a yes. "Wow. I love the feel of your pussy. Here, I am going to put a couple of fingers up your vagina. Wow, it is even hotter in there." 

By this time I am beside myself with lust and I grab her wrist with both hands and grind my pussy into her hand. I start to hump her hand and am galloping towards what I know will be an explosive orgasm. This horny scene has me as hot as I have ever been. 

"Yes, YES, YEEEESSSS." I cry, "Don't stop. I am almost ......"

Then she stops. WHAT THE FUCK??!!!???? 

I beg her, "No, no, no baby. Don't stop. I was almost THERE. Please."

She is heartless and replies, "Yes, I WILL stop. This is my party, doll and until I get the Big O, you aren't either. You get off really easy. That's likely why you are such a slut. But it takes me forever. I can't remember the last orgasm I've had. Ralph is not a Latin lover by any stretch of the imagination. He gives up way too easily. But I am sure as hell going to get to the promised land today and you are going to keep going until I get there. Now, get down on your knees between my legs and start eating my pussy."

I hesitate a few seconds, too long for her senses. "I SAID get that tongue of yours working in double time or those gang-bang pictures will be in every mailbox in the neighborhood."

Actually, she has me so turned on that blackmail isn't necessary. I sink to the floor as instructed and look down at her womanhood. I have never been this close to a pussy and it is a fascinating collection of pubic hair and lips of various sizes and colors surrounding secret hotspots. She is impatient and VERY horny. "Time to stop looking and start licking, slut." 

I follow instructions and move my face to her body, open my lips and dart my tongue to her clit as the pubic hair on her mound tickles my nose. I get an immediate reaction. "Holy fuck, that feels great. WOW." I run my tongue lower down her slit to the opening of her love canal and drive my tongue as far as possible inside. This elicits an even bigger reaction. "Yes, YES. Holy shit. Yes that's the spot. Right there. Don't fucking stop." 

I can feel her grab my head with both hands and pull my face firmly closer. My nose is mashed into the top of her wet gash. I dart my tongue in and out of her vagina. "Yes. Oh yes. That's good. Right there." I broaden my tongue and lick the entire gash from the bottom up to the hard clitoral bud. She moans with steadily higher tones as I track my tongue up to and then twirling around that most sensitive spot. 

It strikes me that I am in total control of her senses as if I am a sexual musician playing a well-tuned sexual instrument. 

I pick up the pace and soon the tempo of my flicking tongue and her deep-throated animal sounds blend into a symphony of lust. I put a hand on each side of her cunny and spread her nether lips as far as possible to open her sex so my tongue licks every secret place. Every lick brings a moan or a gasp until she explodes into lust. "I'm CUUUUUMMMMMMING. Holy FUCK! I'm CU.. CU.. CUUUUMMMMING. AHHHHHHHHhhhhhh. Ahhhhhhh. Wow. Oh, my God." She growls like a female trucker. I stopped my tongue from licking while she was cumming but now move it slightly over her clit. She screams, "NO MORE! No, No. Too much. Too sensitive. You are killing me." I sit back to survey my work. She is totally limp with her eyes closed and a satisfied look on her face. 

My pussy is burning with desire so I reach down and strum my clit in double time. I explode in a huge orgasm in what seems like a nanosecond. "AHHHHHHHHH. OOOOOOOOHHHHHH. Yes YES, ohhhhh FUCK, I aaaaaammmmm cuuummmming too! Aaaahhhhhhh." 

When I collect my senses, I look up and see that Silvia is looking down at me wide-eyed at my orgasm. We look at each other and then for some strange reason, we break out into gales of laughter as the sexual tension enveloping us falls away and we see our MILF-selves splayed out comically on the sofa and floor. I feel a deep bond- something stronger than simple friendship with her and I know we will be soul-mates.

We get dressed and are having an ice tea on Sylvia's patio behind her house just like the friendly neighbors we are. She admits that she would never have exposed my secrets to the world. She was just blackmailing me to experience being with a woman. I can understand how she feels. That's something I might have done. Now that we have broken the ice, I am confident we will be lovers often. 

I tell her how her son has been having his fraternity buddies contact me when they are in town to have sex and threatening to expose me with the pictures if I didn't submit. I confess that I love it when these young studs call and we have hot fuck sessions. Sylvia begs me to let her stand in for me the next time one of them calls. Reluctantly, I agree with the stipulation that she tell me everything that happens. What follows is Sylvia's sex adventure story.

Sylvia Gets Fucked by a Young Stud - What she said to Dorothy the next day.

Dorothy, I couldn't believe I was actually going to go through with a sex date but I had been fantasizing about being with a hot young man since you said you would set me up with a booty call with the next guy that contacted you. 

The fateful day arrived and you gave me his cell number to call. You also gave me a few tips. I can't thank you enough. Some of the boys you said are a bit shy so it is best to act really scared so they'll go through with the blackmail threat if I don't do everything they want. The emphasis is on the 'everything.' This gives them a feeling of control and unleashes their inner caveman. You have such a filthy mind. I love it. 

I have to admit to myself that I was nervous about this whole thing. I've never had sex with a strange male. But I had always harbored the fantasy. It was time to act.

I summoned up my courage and dialed the number and a male voice greeted me. "Hello, my name is Dorothy. You contacted me and asked me to call."

His voice turned stern, "Yes, it's about time you called. I understand you know the drill. We meet. We fuck and all is good. We don't meet. We don't fuck and all is bad. Your orgy fuck photos get spread to your husband and the world, right?" I agreed and he went on. "Meet me tonight at the corner of 4th and Irvine at eight o'clock. Dress up real nice in a dress not in pants or jeans. I like my women nice and feminine." I agreed in a meek voice and he hung up.

I went immediately to my closet and started trying on various outfits while humming a happy tune. When I looked at myself nude in the full-length mirror, I thought, "Now, there is a forty three year old fox with breasts that still have some lift and a slim, yoga-trained body that still gets the occasional wolf whistle from the construction workers." 

I finally decided on a colorful summer dress with bare shoulders, held up with small strings over each shoulder with just the right amount of conservative cleavage showing. It was a bit modest rather than sexy but I thought these young men expect MILFs to be a bit reserved even though they would be shocked at how we're cougars down deep who want sex as much as they do. I also wanted a dress that won't cause my husband, Ralph too be suspicious when I went out 'with the girls.' 
