 Author's note: The following story is a work of complete fiction. Any semblance to people, real or imaginary, is purely coincidental. Thanks to Literotica reader Signore Calcio for the story idea and encouragement. Also thanks to Copperbutterfly for her editing expertise in making this story easier to read.

Glennie Patterson:

Looking back on my life, I never would have believed that I would have gotten involved with a much younger man, let alone with two and shared them with other women. That was not something I ever would have contemplated but now it seemed so natural and so right I had to wonder about my whole way of thinking.

I'll admit I didn't spend a lot of time poring over my choices. I knew I was happy for the first time in a long time. Even when my husband had been alive, I don't recall our sexual escapades being this satisfying. But certainly it had not been better than what I had with Tommy and Aaron.

Probably the thing that surprised me the most was that I didn't mind in the least bit sharing them with Phyllis and Amy. Always before this, I had thought only in terms of a monogamous relationship with some man, my husband in earlier times or any man I had dreamed about after that. Yet here I was sharing two lovers with two other women and I couldn't have been happier.

As we approached the spring school break, Brandon told me that Coach Weyland had invited as many of the team members as wanted to go on a camping/fishing trip with him and his wife. He said that most of the guys were asking their parents to go and he wanted to know if he could go. I gave him my permission.

Later when I asked Tommy if he was going, he said that he wasn't much for fishing and figured he'd just hang around town and goof off. When I followed up with Aaron, his response was much the same.

Two days later as we watched the boys win another home game, an idea came to me and began to grow. Since Amy and Phyllis and I were kind of isolated from other spectators, I whispered my thoughts to the women and asked their opinions. At first they were incredulous but then the more we talked about it the better it sounded. All we had to do was get the cooperation of our lovers.

When the game was over and the coach released the players, we cornered Aaron and Tommy while our sons were still occupied. I ran the idea by them and both boys were ecstatic, to say the least. I warned them that they had to make arrangements with their parents to go on the trip, except it wouldn't be the trip with the other players.

Amy made plans to use the time to visit an old college roommate, or at least that's what she told her hubby. Neither Phyllis nor I had any excuses to make so we were in fine shape. All three of us bought snacks and foods for a week's worth of meals, which we stored in my garage cabinets and the extra freezer.

On the Saturday when break started, Brandon was up early, stuffing last minute things into his backpack and bedroll. I drove him over to the Weyland's house where everyone was meeting. In addition to the Weylands, the Vaughns, Hemphills and Peachs were all going to help out and provide vehicles. The Hemphill's son and Peach's son were both members on the team.

By the time I got back home, it was only eight o'clock but Aaron and Tommy were sitting on the steps at my kitchen door. I let them in and got some breakfast started while they sat on the barstools and watched. We were just finished up a little before nine when Amy pulled into the driveway. I flicked the garage door opener and she pulled into one of the two empty spaces. A couple of minutes later she joined us in the kitchen for coffee.

Just a few minutes later I heard Phyllis' car in the driveway and hit the opener again so she could pull into the other empty spot. She came in, gave both the boys a wet kiss and then hugged both of us girls. A few minutes later with a lot of giggling and touching, they all followed me up to my bedroom which was going to be our principle home for the next week.

Unlike some of the weekly meetings, there was no need for haste at all. We had a week together and we were going to have an old-fashioned orgy. We all shed our clothes, some with help of someone else, and others with more of a playful hindrance. I captured Tommy's erection in my hand and pulled him into bed after me, where I started licking and sucking on his cock. Phyllis and Amy ganged up on Aaron and were jointly servicing him.

The day was so much fun. After I sucked him, Tommy fucked me while Aaron lay beside us with Phyllis riding his cock and Amy sitting on his face. Late in the morning, Tommy had Amy bent over plowing her from behind while she sucked his cum out of my overflowing pussy. We took a break for a sandwich and chips lunch with ice cold soft drinks, not even bothering to dress before we went downstairs. It felt naughty but wonderful too.

In the afternoon, partners kept changing. I know both boys stuck their cocks in me multiple times, although I only received a load of cum from Aaron in the afternoon. For the first time in my life, I ate a pussy when Amy begged me to suck Tommy's cum out of her. I have to admit that I enjoyed it too.

By early evening we were all tired and ready for a break. I hurried down to the kitchen and stuck our dinner, a pre-prepared roast and veggies, in the oven to heat. Then I went back upstairs to join the others and found Tommy and Amy in the shower fucking again while Aaron and Phyllis were drying off from their shower. Once the others climbed out – eighteen minutes later – I barely had enough hot water to wash off before it turned too cold to stand.

After I dried off, we all trouped downstairs, still naked. We had agreed that, for the entire week, the only time we would put on clothes was if someone came to the house or if we had to go out for some reason. Amy and Aaron set the table while Tommy and Phyllis prepared iced tea to drink and I got the all-in-one-dish dinner from the oven an put it on the table.

I was pleasantly surprised that the conversation went as well as it did. The young men were very conversant with current affairs and joined in freely with us women, so sex was not the only thing we had in common. The meal went well and we all had a lot of fun.

I had a pretty good library of DVDs so after dinner clean-up, we went back upstairs. I tossed a bunch of extra pillows on the bed and everybody climbed up and sat near the headboard, propped among the pillows. We selected a movie and I put it on and turned on the wall-mounted TV and we spent the next two hours watching an action adventure. There was some heavy petting going on but nothing more.

Afterward though, I put on another movie that the girls had all agreed on. It didn't have much plot really but there was a lot of sex of every kind imaginable. It had only been going a few minutes before there was more sex on my bed than there was on the screen. I had Tommy's cock in my mouth while Phyllis sucked on Aaron's cock and Amy licked and sucked his balls.

The night was a cacophony of sexual activity and sounds and smells. There were breaks when everybody rested but usually there was at least something going on between two or more people. Surprisingly the young men stayed involved much longer than other men of my experience but part of the time involved girl-to-girl activities as well. We finally fell asleep well after midnight.

I awoke with the sun straining to get into the room around my heavy drapes, indicating that it was well after sun-up, probably much closer to noon in fact. I realized that I was scrunched down in the bed with one arm over one of the boys, his erection rubbing the side of my face. I lifted my eyes and looked straight into Aaron's smiling eyes. He wasn't moving but was waiting patiently. 

I thought it was a wonderful way to wake up from a great night's sleep. I guided his cock to my mouth and began to lick him. However Aaron put his hand on my head and grasped my hair, holding me tightly so I couldn't bob on his shaft. I looked up at him and he shook his head, then mouthed, "Not unless you let me do you, too."

I grinned and crawled around until I could straddle him. Taking his cock back into my mouth, I lowered my pussy until I felt his tongue licking me. Suddenly thinking about the others, I glanced to the side to see Tommy stretched across the foot of the bed. Amy was doing a slow dance over his shaft with her head, sucking his cock and playing with his balls with one hand. Her ass was in the air and Phyllis was under her, her tongue darting in and out of Amy's pussy. 

While I watched, Aaron's hand languidly searched the underside of Phyllis' uplifted leg until he settled at her quim and after just a few strokes, he sank one, then two fingers into her snatch. After a few short strokes, the third and finally a fourth finger entered her but his tongue never missed a stroke on my cunt.

By the time we had breakfast that Sunday morning, everyone had enjoyed a wonderful awakening bout of sex. We used both upstairs showers to wash off the remains of our activities as well as to enjoy some new ones. The day that followed was divided between time in the den, where we watched TV and played board games and fucked on the thick carpet, and my bedroom, where anything went.

The day drifted passed with some of the most fantastic sex I'd ever dreamed about. Over the course of the day, both of the young men fucked each of us women at least once and some more than once. There were any number of oral activities, some between the guys and girls and some between girls. And heavy petting occurred all day long. Not one time during the whole day did anyone put on any clothes.

Monday and Tuesday were nearly carbon copies of Sunday, although Tuesday night we decided to call for pizza delivery and I had to put on my shorts and a shirt to pay the delivery guy. When he saw my unfettered tits under the thin t-shirt, I think he suspected something might be going on.

By Wednesday, I was beginning to wonder if the guys would hold up. I was concerned that they might become sensitive and have to have some rest time. But it didn't happen. And when Amy talked Aaron into fucking her ass, we all had to try it and it turned out to be quite an interesting experience for all of us. Everybody seemed to like it and the girls made sure that the guys were thoroughly cleaned up afterward so there would be no yeast infections when they fucked the next pussy.

Thursday, Friday and Saturday was like a monstrous party. There were people having sex at all times of the day all over my house. The boys got into a contest to see how many orgasms they could create among the women without cumming themselves or losing their erections, which was not really a problem for either of them. Of course that was just fine with us girls. Tommy won with a count of 11, while Aaron had nine before shooting off his load. They rested during dinner and then started it all over again.

By the time we had settled down for a little sleep Saturday night, my boobs were feeling a little sore from being sucked so much and my pussy was feeling well-used. I went to sleep with an arm over Phyllis and a leg over Aaron.

With the campers due back early Sunday afternoon, we decided to have one last intense round of fucking before we wrapped up our orgy. In the last three hours of the morning, both boys fucked each of the three women one last time before we climbed into the showers for a last cleanup. Before 1 o'clock, I had kissed Tommy, Aaron, Amy and Phyllis goodbye and watched as the two women drove away, each delivering one of the boys back to his home.

We all had a lot of memories – great memories – that would last a long time. It had been the most memorable week of my life.

Amy North:

As spring blossomed, my thoughts turned to the daughter I had always wanted but never had. My husband and I had talked about it many times and he didn't care one way or the other. He had often told me that if I wanted another child, it was okay with him.

Of course I would have to go through the same ordeal that I'd gone through with my son, Camron. Given my husband's low sperm count, I would never get pregnant by him so we'd had to resort to artificial insemination. He told me that if I wanted to do that again, it would be up to me to make all the arrangements because he was just too busy to take time off to go with me just to watch someone else's sperm being placed in my womb. However if I did it, he wouldn't mind having another baby around the house either – not that he did anything to help raise the kid.

I'm not sure when the idea began to grow. I think the germ of the idea hit my mind one day during our orgy week but it still took time to develop. Then one day my resolve firmed up and I knew what I was going to do.

The next afternoon during practice, I asked Phyllis & Glennie to come to my house for a meeting, if I could set it up with the boys. They agreed. When the coach released the team, I caught Tommy & Aaron's eyes and they came strolling over. I asked if they could meet at my house that evening at about 6:30 and everyone agreed.

With Cam locked in his room studying and his headphones shielding all outside noise, I met with the group in my den. I laid out my plans.

"I've talked it over with my husband and we've decided to have another baby. He has a sperm problem and can't be the father. I stopped taking my birth control pills two days ago. What I'd like to do is begin having sex with Tommy and Aaron every day, on alternate days of course, until I get pregnant. I don't care which one becomes the father and don't anticipate ever trying to find out. This impacts the guys because I want them to impregnate me but they will have no responsibility for the child, either raising it or financing it. This impacts you ladies because I'm asking your permission for special privileges from our two lovers.

"First of all, Tommy and Aaron, do you have any problems with this?"

Both of them seemed to study the situation for a bit and then murmured, "No, no problems."

I turned to Amy and Phyllis. "Do you have any problems with it?"

Phyllis got up and came to sit beside me. She put her arms around me and hugged me tightly, "No, honey. Of course I don't have any problems with it. I wish you luck, babe. I hope it turns out to be a precious little girl just like you."

I hugged her back and whispered, "Thank you, sweetie."

Glennie was on my other side offering the same sentiments. I hugged her as our big tits mashed together and thanked her for her support. Thus was born Operation Baby.

The boys flipped a coin to see who would be first to fuck me. Tommy won and, while the others left to go on their way, he and I slipped down to the basement where we fucked like rabbits for nearly two hours. While I lay on the old mattress with my ass raised to keep his sperm inside, he eased upstairs and let himself out.

The next afternoon after Aaron's tutoring session with Cam, he came to my room after Cam had run out to the basketball game. We fucked until he had dumped two loads of cum into my hot pussy. I kissed him and he left before Cam came back home.

Six days a week, excepting only Sunday, one of the boys came to the house and gave me a royal fucking. I took precautions to ensure that the sperm had the best chance possible to ready my eggs but that first month I failed to get pregnant and was very disappointed when my period started. However knowing how hard it can sometimes be to get pregnant, I cheered up and told the boys we would resume the schedule when my next fertile period began.

Glennie and Phyllis were very supportive. The boys had done a marvelous job of keeping those two happy while still providing the special attention I was in need of.

In the second month when my fertile time came around, the boys resumed the every-other-day fucking schedule. I was feeling so fantastic, getting all that attention from two virile young men who had turned out to be wonderful lovers. The two weeks passed oh-so-quickly and then the waiting began.

When the time for my period came and went without the usual flow, I was cautiously optimistic. I wanted to rush right out to the doctor and verify that I was pregnant but decided to wait a bit to make sure. We repeated the schedule the following month, which was May as the end of the school year approached. When the second 28-day period had passed without PMS or its accompanying discharge, I began to feel a certain euphoria. Several home pregnancy tests showed positive results and then a doctor confirmed my good news. I was going to be a mommy again!

I couldn't wait to tell my lovers and my friends. That evening I gathered the whole group and shared my news, after which we had a "love in" of sharing and hugging and kissing and loving ... yes, even fucking!

With the end of the soccer season and then graduation for our two lovers, we had to shift gears as the young men found summer jobs before going on with their education. Both of them had decided to attend a college in our city so, although they had an unenviable commute, they were able to remain our lovers, although our meeting schedules changed to late evenings instead of afternoons and early evenings.

Now that it's fall, it is still a few months until my baby is due. My stomach has grown round and the boys both seem to be in awe of it. My tits have filled out even bigger than they were and the areolas and nipples have changed from a dark, rosy color to a deep brown shade. Those tits are the objects of lots of attention.

Oh, and the team this year has five seniors, three of whom are over eighteen. Phyllis, Glennie and I have already been talking about indoctrinating them into our little Soccer Moms Fuck Club.

End of Chapter 04

The End of Story