 This is the third installment concerning the soccer-mom, Dorothy who goes to a swingers club for the first time. The first two installments were from the viewpoint of Mark and Dorothy who meet at the club and he seduces her. This installment is from the husband, Frank's perspective. He wants to have the swinger lifestyle be a part of their life together but has lingering feelings of jealousy and worry about how it might affect their loving relationship. 

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for editing.



Getting Ready for the Big Evening

It is always a pleasure watching my beautiful wife get dressed to go out. We are going to a swingers club. I see that Dorothy is putting on a sexy purple set of push up bra and lacy bikini panties that show the sweet camel-toe outline of her pussy. The sexy lingerie is a good sign. My dream is tonight she will meet a man at the swingers club and have sex there. I have tried the place a couple of times on Friday nights when they allowed single men in. I think it is great and I'm convinced that if she would just give it a chance, it would help our marriage tremendously. But, the chance of her allowing a stranger's penis to enter that vagina tonight is almost zero. Dorothy has made it clear that she was only going to "look around." Well, with any luck maybe some guy will at least get to second base. Hell, when we first dated, it took me four dates before I got a feel of those glorious melons. A slow introduction to the lifestyle might get her to try it again. Eventually the ice might melt.

I must thank the author of the Shades of Grey series of books for getting Dorothy to even think about swinging. I gave her the three-book set for Christmas and she finished them in a few weeks. It blew my mind when she went out and bought that swinger novel Bared to Me. It gave me the nerve to mention trying the swinging scene. Wonder of wonders, she said it might be a good idea and asked me to go to a sex club and check it out. When I came back and shared my experience, we had the best sex in years.

I do feel a twinge of jealousy in offering her to other men but that is overwhelmed by the horny thought of watching a man fucking my beautiful wife. Look at her. She's 33 but she's as beautiful as the day I met her. We have two kids but her body is very tight and her breasts are still firm and perky. Any guy that can fuck her will be very lucky. 

I am bit worried that Dorothy might hook up with a guy who is really well hung and knows how to use it. Her experience in sex has mostly been with me or youthful fumblers before me. I think I am pretty good in the sack but who knows? Will she still appreciate me if she meets a better lover?

The truth is we love each other deeply. If we didn't, the swinging lifestyle would destroy our great relationship. We both want the other to have as full a life as possible. If this lifestyle will give the other more pleasure, we both feel it is good.

Oh, oh. I see she is putting on a very conservative dress over those sexy undergarments. Dammit, that means she is serious about the "I am just going to watch" idea.

Later at the Swingers Club

I must say, the action is much better on a Saturday night. There must be at least thirty couples in here. There are a dozen MILFs that look very fuckable. When I give them the eye, they look right back at me. Oh, those brazen, wonderful swingers. They look at life differently. 

My sweet Dorothy is doing exactly what she said she would do, just looking around. Those crossed legs are like a big "Don't Touch" sign.

Ahh, I see a guy giving my wife the big look and from her reaction, she knows he is. That is the same guy who was getting a blowjob from a beautiful lady last night and the same time I was drilling her, doggie style. I am pretty sure those two were married. He's a good looking man. Maybe if I exit for a few minutes, he might take the opportunity to chat Dorothy up. 

"Dorothy, I have to go to the washroom. I will only be gone a few minutes."

I will watch what is happening over from the dark side of the room. Aha, he is moving in on my wife, the sly wolf. Hell, I would do the same in his shoes. I'll give them five minutes to get to know each other. 

That guy is good. He has his hand on Dorothy's thigh and she is letting him keep it there. Smooth.

I better go back in there and give the lucky guy the green light to seduce my wife. 

I will sit here beside my wife so he can keep his hand on her thigh. "Well, Dorothy, I see you've made a new friend already. Please introduce me." 

"This is Mark. He just came over to chat. This is my husband, Frank."

I can see the panicky look in her eye as she caught up in the sexual tension of the room and the nice looking guy with a hand on her thigh.

"Frank, I am going to the ladies room. Very nice to meet you, Mark." So she escapes. What a chicken.

I can see Mark watching her ass as she walks away. He is mentally fucking her. This is the kind of guy that would be great as a first experience for Dorothy in the swinging scene. Let me tell him what's happening here. 

"Mark, I am glad you came over to chat with my wife. Last night I really enjoyed myself with you and your wife. I can see that you guys are a class act and know your way around this lifestyle. You could be a big help to me. Tonight is Dorothy's first experience in the swinging scene. I really want my wife to enjoy this lifestyle so we can make it part of our marriage. But she is very shy and will need a gentle but firm touch to come around. I'll leave you alone with her and if you can break the ice, please do. I doubt if she'll have sex but however far you get will help the cause. If nothing happens, I'll try to get her back next week and maybe she'll get in the groove. I can only hope."

He grins at me slyly and says, "It's a dirty job but someone has to do it." And he chuckles. "I am just kidding. It would be my pleasure Frank; she is a very attractive lady. You are a lucky man."

Dorothy returns and sits between us. I say, "Dorothy, Mark and I have had a nice chat and I asked him to watch over you tonight. As we discussed, I am going to be out making new women friends. That is what these clubs are all about. You know you are my first love. Mark seems a good fellow that we can trust. Good luck guys." I exit fast before she can protest. 

There is a good spot over there with a pretty blonde MILF in a sexy mini-dress sitting where I can chat her up and watch them at the same time. I sit down beside her and say, "Baby, I can't believe a gorgeous woman like you is sitting all alone. Why don't I join you for a Saturday night touch-fest?" She breaks out in a big smile and nods her head yes. "That's the spirit." I slide in beside her and give her a firm hug which she returns enthusiastically. I reach down and grab a handful of firm ass and she starts kissing my neck. Wow, this lady is a tigress. I run my hand down her leg and up her side for a while trying to decide when would be best to cup her breast when all of a sudden she makes the first move and cups my balls! Fuck! Who is seducing who here? I cup her breast and roll the hard little pea-like nipple through her dress with no bra. She unzips the front of her dress to give me full access. I slip my hand in and cup her soft breast and gently massage it. It is much bigger than Dorothy's. "I love your tits. They are incredible." I unzip her dress more and massage the other breast.

She is not to be outdone and replies, "I love your balls. They too are incredible. Let me touch them." She unzips my pants and reaches in under my underwear and cups my balls expertly. She rolls them softly but firmly in the nicest way. I don't think this is her first rodeo. 

I look over at Dorothy and Mark and I see them dancing to a slow song. He is massaging her ass and she is letting him do it! Hmm. Is that like second base or is it heading for third? The sight is giving me a stiff erection. 

The MILF massaging my balls says, "Well look what we have here. A nice stiff cock. He must love what naughty Barbara is doing." She reaches down and undoes my belt and waistband. Then she suddenly stands up and pulls the bottom cuff of my pants with such force that she literally rips the pants right off my legs. "Fuck", I think in a panic, "I'm going to be violated. I hope she doesn't use a strap-on." She bends over with bare tits falling out of her top and grabs the waistband of my underwear and pulls them off too. My dick softens up in fear but she gets gentle and snuggles sweetly beside me on the sofa. We kiss and she is a wonderful kisser. Our tongues are dancing and I feel her hand encircle my cock expertly. 

I look over to the dance floor and see Mark taking Dorothy's hand and putting it on the front of his pants so she can feel his dick. I know from last night, it is a very impressive size. I cannot imagine what Dorothy is thinking right now. 

Hey, they are leaving the dance floor and going through a door on that wall over there. I wonder what that's all about.

The blonde beside me goes down and takes my cock into her hot mouth. It feels great. I love the way she is massaging my balls as an added treat. My wife hasn't sucked my cock for years. She never liked it. I forget about Dorothy as Barbara's head bobs up and down over my crotch. I brush her blonde hair back to watch my cock slide in and out of her red lip-stick colored lips. 

All of a sudden a man, likely her husband, shakes Barbara by the shoulder and whispers loudly, "Mark has taken the new woman we saw earlier into the Green Room. Quick, let's get into the viewing room so we get a good spot to see the action." 

Barbara sits up and says, "We can fuck later, I promise, but now we should go over and watch Mark break in another new woman. It's great fun. Here give me your hand." And she drags me half naked with my woody pointing the way, through a door next to the one Dorothy and Mark went through. I knew my wife was the woman Mark was going to break in and I want to see this more than anyone. But I still find it hard to believe she would fuck a stranger on her first night. I want to see what happens but I have mixed feeling about another man fucking my wife. But that is the push/pull of this lifestyle. They do call it swapping.

Inside is a darkened room about eight feet by ten. At one end there is a large window and my new friend hustles me over to it as the room fills up behind us. Through the window I can see Dorothy and Mark, fully clothed, lying on the bed. 

Barbara whispers, "This is a two-way mirror. We can see them but they can't see us. There are some speakers up there so we can hear what they are saying."

I hear Mark say, "You are so very, very beautiful Dorothy. I feel so lucky to be beside you. Could I possibly have a kiss?"

My wife says, "Yes, Mark." That is pretty tame I think.

He continues, "Dorothy, you are so beautiful and so sexy. Your husband is such a lucky man." I sure am. Dorothy is truly a real standout.

What's he doing???? Fuck, he is unzipping and pulling out his dick. That's a bit fast. Oh my God, look at the size of it! He is taking Dorothy's hand and placing it on that weapon. She is wrapping her small hand around it. She can barely encircle that snake with her fingers. She is stroking it like a common slut. I can't believe it. She is even straining her neck to see it better.

Mark sees this and says, "Why don't you sit up a bit my dear and take a good look. Don't be shy." What a conceited fucker. Ah well, if I had a wang like that, I would be proud of it too. I hear some murmurs of appreciation in the audience around me.

Dorothy gets up on her elbow and looks down at it in awe without missing a stroke.

"You like my cock?" She nods yes and licks her lips like she wants a taste of it. I don't feel too comfortable with that.

From out of the blue he says, "Hell, why don't I get more comfortable."

He undoes his belt in a flash, shimmies out of his pants, whips off his socks, unbuttons his shirt and tosses it all on the floor in a few seconds. 

HE IS NUDE AND LAYING BESIDE MY WIFE! 

She reaches down immediately and holds his staff again. There she is fully dressed and there he is all hairy except for his clean-shaven pubic area with his hard pole sticking up. He has a lean, darker, southern Mediterranean look.

He says confidently, "Now, where were we? Oh yes, you were going to suck my cock." Boy is this guy going to be disappointed when she doesn't go down on him.

What the fuck is this??!! She is diving down on that cock like a pro. Hell, look at the way her head is bobbing up and down. Ahh. Sure Mark, give the folks in here the big thumbs up that Dorothy can't see with that shit-ass grin on your face, you cocksucker.

"Baby, that feels great. Why don't you hold my cock, take the head out of your mouth and just lick it with your wonderful wet tongue?" Well, at least she is learning what a man likes. I can't wait to have her wet tongue on my cock.

"Ahhh, yes. Just like that. Oh yes. That's super. Make it really, really wet; right, up and down my whole cock? Oh, yes. Just like that that. Good girl. Yes. Ummmm. Very good." She is licking that like it's a yummy popsicle.

"Now, put that big dick deep in your mouth, suck a bit and stroke the shaft slowly up and down. Don't worry. I won't cum in your mouth right now. I'll likely cum in your mouth later after I fuck you real good." You really love yourself dick-weed. You might be surprised when she stops this little love-fest before your cock splits her pussy.

"Ya, baby. You are doing great. That feels EXCELLENT." I think she just almost gagged on that huge dick.

He continues, "Hey, love. Give my balls a nice squeeze there, will ya?" I am going to like that too when she sucks my dick in the future.

"Way to go love, but what the hell. Why don't you give my balls a good lick? Whoa! That is incredible! Ahhh. That is yummy. Yes, just like that." I can hear the loud slurping sounds through the speakers and I have to admit my cock is getting super hard watching this expert swordsman in action.

"Dorothy, why don't you come up here?" She crawls up to his side, obediently. I can see her chest going up and down as she pants. The last time I saw her this much in heat was on our wedding night.

"Why don't I check to see if you are really turned on?" 

He reaches down to the hem of the dress and pulls it up. I can see the wet mark on her panties. She brings her knees together shyly. That's my Dorothy.

"My dear, how the fuck am I going to feel your pussy if you close your legs like that. Spread those legs, NOW." She spreads them like a real tart to give him full access.

"Very good. Now let's see if you are really turned on or just faking it." 

He runs the palm of his hand over her pubic mound and then with his middle finger notched in her slit, dips his hand down the length of her panty-covered cunny to her ass cheeks. She gives off a deep-throated groan. 

"Hey, sweetie, is there some reason why you aren't holding my cock?" 

"I'm sorry." Dorothy grabs it quickly. 

"Good girl," he says and continues, "OK, let's feel this nice pussy." Other than her doctor, I am the only guy who has felt that sweet pussy. He reaches in and pulls the wet crotch of her panties to one side and with his middle finger, strokes the sensitive lips of her private parts. Then he dips between the lips and up to the hard bud of her super sensitive clitoris. Everyone can hear her squealing sounds as he strokes her girlie parts. He is playing her pussy like an expert musician. There is a hushed silence among the crowd in the room as we all appreciate the work of a true craftsman.

He is taking his hand away and stopping! 

"I don't know if you really want to go any further than this, Dorothy. I think when you first got here, you just wanted to watch. Maybe we should just stop right now?" Is he serious or just teasing? Better watch out. She may just want to stop, buddy.

"No, Mark everything is fine." Hmmmm.

"I don't know. I kinda feel I am taking advantage of your good nature."

"Please Mark. I need you." Wow, is that my wife?

"What do you need? Now don't be shy. Tell me exactly or we will have to stop?

"I need your big cock to fuck me. Please." I have NEVER heard her say the "F" word!

"OK. Good news love, I WILL fuck you! Now get that fucking dress off before I change my mind and go out there and fuck some other wench!"

Dorothy jumps up beside the bed, unzips the back of her dress and slip it off in double-time. She is standing there in just her bra and panties with the hairy brute casually stroking his meaty long cock. Her eyes are drilled into his stiff cock.

"Lose the undies baby." She reaches behind her and undoes her bra and drops to the floor. She hesitates and then whips off her panties too. 

"Turn around love. I want to get a good look at the woman I am going to fuck." As she turns slowly for him in that room and all in this room to see, she looks really gorgeous. I can see her blushing like a schoolgirl. She seems to be holding her hands stiffly at her sides fighting the urge to cover her private parts. But who can blame her shyness? She is not used to this. 

"Dorothy, you have a very beautiful body. Congratulations." My wife smiles in pride and so she should be proud.

He pats the bed beside him. "Come to Mark, my dear. It is time for me to fuck you." Dorothy slides in and snuggles up to his body in total surrender. Incredible! She is going to let him fuck her. You secret slut, you! Well, Frank, you fantasized about your wife getting laid by another man and you are about to get your wish. My cock is going to burst it is so hard. I need to stroke it a bit.

He kisses her deeply and grabs her ass-cheek and massages it deeply. He slides his hand over the crack to the other cheek, massaging it equally. I love to squeeze those buns too, just like that.

I can see she is holding his hard dick again. She can't keep her hands off of that big boy. 

"Dear, do you mind holding my cock with your other hand so you don't block my view of your horny body?" 

She shifts hands and says, "Sorry." He is eating her body with his eyes. All of the people in this room are doing the same I am sure. 

He cups a breast in his hand and massages it softly and then more deeply. He rolls the nipple between his fingers and she closes her eyes and gives a soft moan. She is stroking his penis. If she keeps doing that he is going to get so horny that he is going to fuck her very, very hard.

"My, dear. Why don't you just hold my balls for a while? Not that I don't like you stroking my dick. It's just that I don't want to cum too quickly before I drill your sweet pussy and give you the biggest orgasm of your short life." I bet he will too. Oh my God, will she ever be satisfied with my normal dick after getting drilled with THAT.

"Mark, can you feel me down below like you did before? It felt so good." She never talks dirty like that with me.

"Down, there? Tell me what part, down there." You conceited fucker. You want her to beg. 

"Pease feel my pussy. It is so hot." Okay, cocksucker, she said it!

He agrees, "Sure babe." 

He's driving her crazy sliding his hand all around her sopping wet pussy. Her hips are swivelling. She's humping his hand like a bitch in heat. Now he's strumming her clit like a fucking banjo.

She screams breathlessly, "Holy fuck, that feels great. Oh my God!" 

I can hear sounds of sex around me as people grope, stroke and suck.

Mark gets up on his knees and spins her on the bed. He gets between my wife's wide open legs and looks down at her and says "Well baby, you are about to get the best fucking of your young life. Unless of course, you want to stop now." She reaches her arms up to him as a sign that she wants to be mounted. He reaches down and puts both hands under her ass and lifts her girlie parts towards his erection. Soon, his staff is resting along the full length of her slit and he lets go of her ass and lets her buns rest on his thighs. He takes his cock in one hand and spreads her cunny lips with the other and slides it up the wet folds all the way up to her inflamed clitoris.
