 This is the King's account that took place 20yrs prior to his daughter's (Princess Pamela) scribes. Please reread "S&G-part I" again after this story. Thank you.

* * * * *

The KINDOM OF SODOMY AND GAMORE a prelude to...

It was a momentous occasion we gathered for at the Royal mansion. Lady Geneva, my mother, a wealthy widow, sat at the head of the round (oval) table. My Princess wife and I( Prince) were across from each other. For special occasion, my daughter (Pamela) sat at the head with her grandmother, opposite her fiancé Lance. My son Peter was on the other side of me, across from my first cousin Duke. Between the two of them, at the end of the table, was Duke's mother, my aunt, the Dutches. 

At 52yrs of age, Dutches was stunning. A perfect figure with head of thick red hair. Lady Geneva's, a 57yrd, had hair reddish-orange, and shorter. She taller but slimmer than her sister, her figure more pronounced. The sisters defied the ages of time. 

Entered in the housekeeper to remove the dishes, the French girl around 28yld wore such a transparent blouse that her young pert breast push her nipples out over our plates. The Latino housemaid, Marie, served desert in a short maiden skirt that exposed her uncovered fleshy derrière each time she bent over. When she and Katrina were out of the large dining room, Princess was dreamy-eyed. My lovely wife was the most regal of the room. With long strong legs up and thick long black hair down separated by the finest round butt there is. The sight of the maids had excited her. So did our daughter's fiancé. He had his hand between her soft creamy thighs. 

The cook entered the room for further meal instructions and Lady Geneva excused her with proper gratitude. The butler entered the room and operated by remote, a sliding cabinet door to reveal an entertainment wall. Slow soft music filled the room. Max was young at 55yld, his ripped muscular body showed through his uniform. He appeared to be well-fit and often seem to have extra duties in the master's chambers. On cue to the music, Miss Jackson the cook, proceeded to strip dance away her cook's outfit, a few sensual minutes later, a black and green leotard remained. Uncustomary for a black woman, her hips and ass were the flattest of all women present. But at 46yld, only she could perform such a sensual prelude. 

By now my son Peter was wrapped around his grand aunt. He cupped both of 34c braless tits through her skintight body dress. Duke was also close to his mother and Dutchess was stroking his supreme cock. 

"Clap, clap, clap" went Lady Geneva. "Thank you Miss Jackson. Very nice. As you all know, we have a soon to be new member of the family. Son of Sir Lance McBane and Mrs Vera McBane. Miss Jackson, If you would do the honors." So the black cook seductively crossed the room, pulled out the chair of the 21yld lad, bent to kiss his mouth as she undid his dress slacks. With the chair several feet away for all guest to view, out came the boy's 9" cock, virgin hard. He and our daughter would be virgin until marriage, but could enjoy some part of our momentous gathering. Miss Jackson bent lower, flickered her wet tongue around the cockhead, fluttered the underside of his cock, waited until the boy's breath stuck in his throat, and then gulped down the entire length of his shaft. 

Lady Geneva had always orchestrated the events, but today was special, and so was our daughter. Max would usually call for the housemaids here, but when they entered, mother was already under the table tearing at my girls panties. Family women had never been under the table, mother would order the mansion's employees for any urgent details. But it was evident with my daughter's panting and wining that mother would be the first to taste the nectar of our 19yld prize. 

A rare case being an absence at the head of the table, Max the butler assumed control which seemed natural to me. He called for the housemaids and directed them to the next in line, Duke and myself. We positioned our chairs and pulled out our champion cocks. Dukes cock impressed me as we were always competitive. 11" and very thick. I unleashed mine in time to smack Katrina's face by accident, and Duke eyed my 12" fuckstick slightly less his width. His eyes left my cock to focus on the small pouty laced, pantied covered asscheeks of the French maid. And I longed for the naked jiggling ass of his Latino cocksucker. 

A loud moan filled the room as Lance's cock exploded for cook's desire, and my darling daughter's high pitch squeal indicated that my mother was just as good a cunteater as when she first eaten my wife. My Princess and the Dutchess interrupted the maids to position us on the floor. Duke and I clutched the heads of our maids and forced them to fuck our cocks with their mouths. My wife straddled Duke's face and the Dutchess straddled mine. As we ate their steamy cunts, they joined together to suck off my son Peter, who was laying under the table. They pumped away at the boy's 8" cock' till it popped off thick family slime. His mother ate most of it because the Dutchess was selfish when they shared Dukes cum. 

Duke and I had not cum yet when we all noticed the engaged couple slumped against their chairs. My wife and I raised, she dripping cuntjuice on Duke's face and me popping my king-size rod from the maid's mouth. We raced to my mother to taste our baby's nectar from her lips. I reached first and shoved my tongue into Lady's mouth and searched all corners of it. Princess was left out so she scurried over to Miss Jackson who knew to save any boycum in her mouth. Princess siphoned out every bit of her son-in-law's used seamen that she could. 

Duke later had shoved away his Latino cocksucker. He and I were experienced cocksmen. We had not cum yet and we would parade around the room an half of an hour or so. 23" of long fat, and hard cock was making all of the women giddy. They grabbed for our meat and begged for a suck. They'd drop to the floor on their knees, hiking their beautiful rumps at us. They'd offer all to our liking. We would tease them by slapping asses with hard cock, and then slapping faces with them. We were wickedly proud of the effect it had on them, until we were showed up. 

In walked the gardener. A black man with a body as stout as our own. His body was covered with dried mud and his ragged jeans revealed his bulges. He had the look of plowing the field. Duke and my teasing had made the women ready for a plowing of another sort. Princess, the Dutchess, and the cook rushed to him, smothered his body in kisses, and before long, he was stripped bare. Don't be mistaken, he couldn't show us up along. They mused over his thick black cock that was only 10" long. But the butler, naked wasted down, reveal a massive 13" monstercock, the thickest one there. And the two of them weren't aloud to tease. With their 23" they were ordered to please. 

"Alright you studs" my mother would say, "let us taste these huge monsters and then you can fuck our cunts nice and hard!" finishing her statement looking directly at Duke and me with a lusty grin. 

"He's my man so you two can suck it nice and hard. But he fucks me first." The black woman shouted. She had sloppy seconds with family men, but the black fella belong to her. 

And Max standing up with over a foot of fuckmeat out parallel to the ground. My mother, the worldly respected Lady Geneva, on her knees staring straight up at it. The two maids kneeling at her sides undressed her. Mother had rights. She gripped the base of Monster cock, and planted a lurid kiss at the head. And as earlier, she was out of character. No doubt she enjoys him often in private, but now even with the youngsters watching. She salivated all over the thing and began giving the loudest, juiciest blowjob we've seen. She shared some with her subjects but dominated the sucking. She offered moments to them in return for them to ready her pussy by eating it. The cockhungry maids dutifully accepted her offer while Lady sucked his melon size nuts. 

Duke and I bent behind the cockeating women sucking the gardener. We wanted back in. They swatted back at our advances, throwing their luscious rumps off line. Even the fucking cook would not permit entry. But their mouths were wide open to accept the fucking the gardener was giving. Back and forth, he boned one mouth to another. He fuck the spit from my wife's mouth and delivered it into the cook's. Then thick strands of spit to the Dutchess' mouth until spit bubbles popped and crackled from her lips. The family women did not have to prepare Miss Jackson for a fucking so they were still licking at the big black meat as the cook laid on her back. 

"Fuck me Joe" she yelled. "Fuck me now". And he had to wrench his cock free of my wife's mouth to do it. 

"Ohh fuck Max I need your cock." mother hissed. But she didn't let him mount her. "Max, I can't let you fuck me this way. I'll make you cum sweety. You know I will. Just let me ride you this time, so you'll have some left for my sweettarts. They've been fucking Joe lately 'cause I take all of your nuts" she giggled with guilt. "Ha ha, Miss Jackson hates to share him." She mounted his monster cock and it surged into her dripping pussy. "Ohh god, yes!" as she rode his cock with with delirium. 

Duke and I noticed that Lance and Peter were behind the maids licking hot snatch and kissing asses. Even little Pammy was in the act, getting her first taste of pussycream. She had her mother and her auntie near cumming as she alternated plugging of wet cunt to the other, and then tight asshole to another. Duke and I was holding our 23" of cock in our hands nearly passed the point of our cocksmenship. 

Joe the gardener decided to let the other two ride him so he would sustain. He made it through although it left him more ragged than he was when he came in. Max also was ready to cum and he too had satisfied a trio of women. Joe pulled his cock from my Princess and splattered the women faces with thick ropes of cum, at least two for each face. They were competing for the pearly-white shower and then shared it with their lips and tongues. We turned to see Max repeatedly sting the faces of the two maids, four looping ropes apiece drenched their faces as the girls chewed and swallowed what they could. 

Duke and I was about to explode when my mother and my daughter crawled over to us. They had escaped facials of cum that the five women were now playing in. To be expected to me, for the Lady Geneva and of course my little Pammy does not parade around with faces sticky of cocksewage.

"Come on big boy" my mother said staring at Duke. "I going to suck your fat cock real good so you can feed me your hot thick cockgoo. I want you to fill Auntie's belly full of rich fuckjuice!"

I couldn't believe she said that and neither did Duke the way his cock bolted. I was looking at it wishing mother had offered that to me when I felt a small hand on my own cock.

"Daddy, your cock looks so fucking good. I want to suck it Daddy, pleeease?" My girl was gripping my cock begging for it, and her little hand could not fit around it yet. I knew she was desperate when her second hand came to the rescue. 

"Please, please, please Daddy. It look so fucking yummy, I want to taste it. I know you need a good cocksucking!" Pamela was virgin in many ways, and I knew her mother would have to be there when her fiancé fucked her first. I looked towards her and all three women were silently watching. Princess showed no objection. I turned my head to see Max mouthing cunt and ass of the maids while they were bent over giving Peter and Lance their second blowjobs. My mothers hot mouth was smacking and then it 'popped' off of Duke's knob. 

"She knows she has to wait to have sex honey, so just let her blow her fathers tasty fucking cock" she whispered. "I remember when I first ate you, better than your father's milk. I should warn the little minx that she can choke on all of that cum."

Pammy was jerking my cock and I was ready to cum. I smiled my consent and then heard her mother. 

"Suck your Dad's cock baby, empty his fucking nuts for him." Pammy was on me that instant barely getting my huge cock in her mouth. She quickly became frustrated for she couldn't even get the crown in. She tried too hard. 

"Watch me darling, watch how I eat your big cousin's cock" mother gurgled with his huge cockhead in her mouth. And then she smoothly lowered her face taking what she could comfortably. She sucked calmly and breathed from her nose as the women of the house had learned to do with Duke and me. She slurped her way up to the crown, opened her mouth wide for her young girl audience, and began swabbing and lapping at the cockhead. When her mouth filled with spittle, she plunged her head down the shaft soaking his cock with her warm wet mouth. Pammy would try to match my mothers instruction, but soon my cum-hungry mother was gagging herself again trying to swallow Dukes full length. Pammy meanwhile used her hand and tongue, licking every inch of my cock in frantic pace. She jacked with one hand and raped her virgin pussy with the other. 

"Ulpp, ulp, ohh". "Gulp, aghh, Unngh". "Ulpp, uhhng". Duke's cock had exploded in mother's throat. She had to swallow as she choked, her head snapping with each contraction of his cock. She was getting her bellyful of hot thick goo. 

It was so lewd that my cock exploded. No sooner had my sweetie fit the knob behind her teeth, I lodge a thick wad that stuck in her throat. Her body jerked and I knew that it caught her off guard. I jerked my cock to free her mouth, but her trapped face was dragged along with it. The second wad was even heavier as I pent this cum up for hours. It hit her throat and forced the prior load down, I felt her swallow with momentary relief. But now this wad was stuck and she recoiled back. She tried to wrench her mouth free and bit the shit out of my dick. 

It only expanded in lust, keeping her locked, and my next two wads filled her mouth 'till it ran from the corners and bubbled around her lips. My thick cream now covered her windpipe and cum escaped through her nose. She somehow controlled the load and instinctively shoved my cock to the back of her throat so she could breath around the shaft. It took her three more explosions to figure it out. The expanding of my dick trapped her so, directly after it expanded, on the reload, she snatched her mouth free of my cock. "Plop", it came. "Ahhh, hucuk, aghuk, ulmp" she caught her breath. She stayed there coughing, unable to fight against three to five long ropes of cum that covered her nose, face and cheeks. 

"Ahhgn, ulmp, aghh". Mother had no more room for Duke's cum. I looked over to see mother belching foamy white slime from her mouth. But she gamely pumped his fat cock above her face, to show off a rope or two. She continued 'till he dribbled cum on her nose. Then she released him, reaching over for mine with a grip stronger than my daughter's, and pumped out ropes and dribbles 'till our nuts were empty and sore. Princess and Dutchess rushed over to clean lumpy mess from their faces and kissing our rubbery hanging cocks. 

It was now getting late and the youngsters would take their depraved little asses to bed. Little Pamela looked more like me than her mother. Not as pretty as her mom, but even more fuckable looking, I shamefully admit as a father. Everything about her body is round, bouncy hips more round and womanly than any of the others. She has a tomboyish persona, and equal to her grandmother's hospitable charm. Her fiancé retired to another room with Peter. Lance McBane was a promising young Ladd in every lively way. A very handsome kid with courage and compassion. He would stop at neither me nor his father in protecting our little Pammy. He'd someday give her the world, and everything in it. 

Peter, our 18yld son, is wickedly handsome. But his 'spit and polished' persona intimidates women. As well as men. A tall sleak kid yet, but an overly developed wingspan like an adult cobra. With wisdom and ambition to go with the temperament of a lion, he will someday be King of the jungle.

But the sexual potency of youngsters. He and Lance called for a third blowjob before Duke and I were ready for a second. Lady sent the maids up to their room. My wife and I just had to indulge our daughters tight little snatch to put her asleep. 

Meanwhile, down in the gardener's tackroom, mother was sucking Mr. Joe to a nice stiffness. He ate her hot snatch, and my wife seen her sitting on cock facing his feet. They were on his workmen's bench as she played with his 'power tools'. 

As I went to the living quarters I heard metal clanging behind a door. It was the cook's ass all over the stove as Duke's tongue delved in the overbaked snacks of her cunt. 

Once in the large living quarters, we spotted the Dutchess lying up-side-down on the back of the lounge sofa breathing heavy with her legs still in the air. She was alone and her cuntlips still open leaking cream into her bellybutton and down towards her tits. You guessed right. We laughed at the notion that...the butler did it!. 

We all had drinks and laughs. We discussed family business before admitting the employees back in. We sat around talking with it ending as usual, The Duke and I near fisticuffs. Silence befell the room as Lady Geneva spoke. 

"Thank you all for inducting our youngsters to our gathering. This family have thrived for the ages because we live everything together. All pains and pleasures must start here and end here. It has been fifteen years since we enjoyed such peace and prosperity. With the new arrangement with long time ally Lord McBane and his lovely wife, we shall see our youths grow into Lords, Dukes, and Kings of the land. 

Let us Thank you men, my Prince, and Duke, for fighting and winning in battle. Battle that took your fathers, though their kingdoms has prevailed." 

It had been 15yrs since this occasion. Duke and my first battle for territorial supremacy. It was our blood, so it was our rights. Max had been a valuable army colonel to my father. Mr Joe's father was retired (killed) after a lifetime as personal Knighthood to the Duke's Castle. With Duke's and my acceptance, they could partake. 

When the chambers were shut, the butler walked to Lady Geneva. Miss Jackson handed him vials of oils. He then handed two each to Katina the housekeeper and Marie the housemaid. The women bronzed our bodies (Duke and mine), liberally on our stiffs. Max handed two to Joe. 

The four women turned around and dropped their robes. They dropped to hands and knees and allowed their asses and thighs to be oiled. Max having the women of the kingship, Joe having my wife and the cook. When the men stood back beside us, the housemaids use their second vile on them. None were left for the housemaids as they took their positions. 

Mother wore a body length pantyhose with the back of her thighs and ass bare. The Dutchess was naked but her crouchless panties with a hole exposing her pink little anus. My wife wore just garter and stockings. Miss Jackson wore a short teddy that rode up her caramel colored rump. The maids were in their french-cut attire the whole day. 

15yrs ago when this had occurred, I was young and the family was larger. I had limited priority then. Now I was Lord One and stepped up to my mothers trembling backside. After all of the years, she still had a small waste and a pert little ass. Her cheeks were warm to my steel-like pole as I nudged between them. Katrina steadied my member as did Marie for Duke. We entered slowly our mothers rarely fucked assholes, hearing minimal squeals. I worked my long fleshy cock into her hot little ass and began fucking back and forth. We officially assumed Royalty with assured command of order. 
