 Calvin pushed me up and his cock slid out of me, leaving me bereft. I knelt up, and was helped to my feet by Alf and Charlie. Calvin, his wet, glistening cock still very large, thick and erect, stood up. I sat down again on the sofa, my bum at the edge of the cushion, legs spread wide apart. I leaned back on the seat, my head over the top of the back of the sofa.

"Me first," growled Simon breathily.

He knelt in front of me, leaned forward and squeezed my tits together and sucked both nipples hard at the same time, and then slipped his cock deep into me. I wrapped my legs around him and he began to fuck me hard and fast. I reached out with both hands and firmly grasped Charlie's and Alf's hard cocks, squeezed them, and began to pump them in time to Simon's fucking.. My tits were bouncing and I could feel Simon's growing excitement, along with my own. He was, inevitably, going to come inside me. I opened my eyes and immediately above my face was Calvin's big hard black cock. He was standing behind the sofa, and far above the Cock that dominated my vision, I could see the arousal on his face, and this was very exciting to me. I glanced forward, and there I could see Simon in final desperate throes before he came. I watched his face as he climaxed, and felt him coming inside me. His face and the corresponding pleasure in my pussy, brought on my own huge orgasm. As his crisis diminished, Simon fell forward, his head resting on my tits. I noticed I was still holding a cock in each hand, and leaning back a little, I reached up with my mouth and kissed Calvin's tight balls. 

I took my hands back, and stroked the back of Simon's head as he recovered. He nuzzled and kissed my tits, and then withdrew his detumescing cock from my pussy and moved away. Charlie knelt down in front of me, reached forward to caress my breasts and whispered.

"May I?"

I nodded, and with no further ado he slid his erect cock deep into my wet and already spermed pussy. The excitement of a different Cock inside me so soon after another had spent in me renewed my lust and arousal in a way that surprised me. I raised my legs over his shoulders so that he could enter me deep, and fuck me hard. Which he did. Were the four of them going to come inside me. I wondered briefly, and got very excited at the thought, adding to the physical excitement of the cock inside me. I opened my eyes to see Calvin pumping his massive member above my face, and Alf, also pumping his own behind Charlie. I was bringing pleasure to all of these men at the same time, I thought. Charlie was fucking me hard and looking at my face. I watched his growing excitement and the glazing of his eyes as he reached his climax. As he came inside me I glanced up at the vigorous pumping of Calvin's cock, and this, together with the pulsing of Charlie's orgasm in my pussy, and the sight of his face in paroxysms of pleasure, made me come with intense feelings, once more. When Charlie opened his eyes opened his eyes again, he smiled at me warmly and withdrew. I saw then that Simon was had moved and was kneeling beside me on the sofa, and he began to fondle my big tits.

My body was afire with desire. The exertions it had been put to, rather than satisfying my body's desire, seemed to feed its sexual excitement and my body required more and more of it. When I reached out and grabbed Alf's very erect and hard Cock and pulled him towards me, my intention could not have been clearer. He did not kneel, but leaned over me. His cock, leaking with excitement, traced a trail down my belly, until he rubbed his head against my clit. This was electrifying, and I arched my body up towards him. Simon took advantage of this, leaned over and sucked my nipples. Calvin leaned forward, so that his Cock brushed my lips and mouth. I opened my mouth so that he could slide hits impressive length across my open lips. Alf plunged into me without subtlety. I loved it. He fucked me hard, fast, and desperate. Simon held my bouncing tits and sucked both nipples at once., Calvin's long hard black Cock slid across my open lips. And I came massively. Alf kept fucking me, and as I recovered I opened my eyes to watch his face as he reached the summit of the hill and loosed his come into me in any series of spasms that I could feel inside my pussy.

"My turn now," growled Calvin, over my head..

As Alf withdrew, and rolled away, Calvin came round the sofa to stand before me, big, hard, and very exciting. Simon was still kneeling at my side caressing my breasts. Charlie moved to kneel on the other side and began caressing me as well. Calvin leaned over and kissed me hard on the mouth, which surprised me in a very pleasant way. I reached out for his Cock. He put my hand to one side and leaned over me and began to explore the lips of my pussy with the purple head of his member. That, together with the four hands caressing my tits and other parts of my body, was extremely exciting. But I wanted that thick Cock inside me.

-- "Fuck me," I said, quietly.

Calvin laughed, and after rubbing his cock against my clit, which was almost unbearably pleasurable, and then sliding the head of his Cock down beyond my pussy lips to the sensitive area behind it, he brought it back and plunged it fully into me. I know I cried out with pleasure. I wrapped my legs around his waist, and my arms around his neck. Simon and Charlie left me alone, and Calvin and I fucked as if we were alone and in love. I came quickly hard, intense. He carried on pumping into me, the rhythm getting faster. This massive cock was going to come inside me. I held him tight and thrust back. As I felt the bursting of his orgasm and the pulsing of his cock as he pumped his come into me. I was overcome by wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure. Tears filled my eyes. I had never known physical pleasure as I had had this evening, and even now, I still wanted more.