 As luck would have it, I finally met a girl I liked. And she seemed to like me. Our third date and she was letting me cook her dinner. At my apartment. Just me and her. I could not blow this.

I let her into my building, and we began to walk up to the third floor. I was a gentleman and let her in first and we began to climb the stairs. Of course there are advantages to being a gentleman. Like walking up a flight or two of stairs with a pretty girl in front of you and being able to gaze at her ass. She was wearing a tight, low, stretch brown skirt that left no question to what kind of panties she was wearing. It ended mid calf, and she was wearing black mary jane shoes. She had dressed fairly conservatively on our first two dates, but had defiantly taken it up a notch tonight. She look stunning, showing off some skin for the first time with a strappy camisole matching her skirt and her lacy black bra straps showing. 

I broke from my ogling as we reached the second landing, and she turned to smile at me. It was nice, warm and seemingly sincere. Things were going perfect. I would cook her a great dinner, and just let things go from there. 

I was then then the door from the second floor apartment flung open, And there was Jennifer. Knee high black leather boots, sheer white stockings caressing her long legs up to her thighs, a matching sheer white body suit wrapped around her tall body.

"Want to fuck toooniiii....aaaaaaah crap" and she slammed closed the door when she realized what she had done. 

"Well, that was my neighbor Jennifer." I said as cooly as possible.

"Nice girl really."

Amy of course was stopped dead in her tracks. She slowly turned around to look at me. This could be it before it even got started. "She certainly seems friendly." Amy deadpanned before a smile broke across her face. "I imagine there is a little history here. Or do girls often do that to you?"

"Uh, no, not often enough anyway." And I began explaining as we walked the last fight of stairs. "When I first moved here six months ago, me and Jennifer had a little fling. It lasted only three weeks or so."

"Why so long?" Amy asked. 

"Well as you could probably tell, she's a little nuts. Fun, but defiantly a little nuts."

"Mostly about sex huh?" Amy giggled as she asked, her checks growing a little red at the question she had asked. "So do you two still...?"

"No, no. Every month or so she tries to get me to. But...no not anymore." I said trying not to stammer. "Life is complicated enough. She's a friend and that's the only way I can deal with her."

"Ok." she said and shot me one of those smiles.

I'd have to kill Jennifer later, right now I would have to try salvage this.

We got into the apartment and a poured her a glass of wine and set off to making dinner. Amy stood in the small doorway separating the tiny kitchen from where the table was in the living/dinning room. We were talking, getting to know each other better. Then there was a knock on the door. 

"That, would be Jennifer." I said, and the holy crap it's Jennifer look must have been plain on my face.

"I'll get it." Amy said calmly, and she sauntered over to the door and opened it.

It must have surprised Jennifer a bit to have Amy open the door because there was a moment of silence. I was pleading silently to Jennifer to not make to much of a scene.

"I am so sorry, please don't let me, my act.....I really thought he...he really is a nice guy, honest, and we..." and she stopped and I think she may have been starting to cry.

This wasn't going well. Damn Jennifer. Don't screw this up anymore. 

I could only see Amy. Then I could only see Amy with Jennifer's arm around her.

"It's ok, really. Jennifer it's alright. Really I'm fine with it. I was a little weird, but I understand." Amy said very sweetly to the girl not fifteen minutes ago was standing half naked in front of her. "Come on in, you want some wine."

And in came Jennifer to my date.

I poured her some wine and Amy and Jennifer sat at the table. She was now dressed in a big sweatshirt and jean skirt, talking with Amy for the twenty minutes or so it took me to finish dinner. Their conversation floated into the kitchen and I could hear snippets of them talking about music, clothes, what they did for a living. Then the conversion took a decidedly different turn.

"So tell me, what does he like. How does he like to ...you know, get off." Amy asked with a giggle. 

"He's very sweet, really, but he has his side. He once got me off in a crowded museum. Just slipped his hand right up my skirt. I loved that. He would love to just bend me over anywhere. I could be making coffee in the morning and he would just walk up to me, pull down my panties and have his way with me. Just bend me over right there, over a chair or counter, and slip it in. No words. Just did it. With a few slaps on the cheeks, to make it playful"

Amy sat looking at Jennifer very intently. "What else, would he do, like to do. To you."

"Ummmmm..he has this thing he does to your nipple." And she paused for a moment. "He takes it in his teeth and bites, just enough, well, most times, " and she smiled, "then takes his tongue and flicks it across very fast. He would get me off sometimes just like that."

Amy just looked at Jennifer and really couldn't believe she asked the question. 

"Well then lets see, one of his favorites was was when I gave him a blow job, but especially in this certain way." Jennifer smiled. 

"Do tell, do tell." Amy said curiously. 

The girls were certainly having a good time with this. Neither could hold back the big grins on their faces when I took a peek around the doorway. 

"Well I would have to be in a certain position. Sitting in a chair, the way I am now. Back very straight. He would pull his dick out of his pants and stand right in front of me. I would hold the sides of the chair, like this. He would straddle my legs and slowly move the head of his cock across my lips and wait for me to take him in my mouth. Then he would fuck my mouth. moving his cock in an out until he came." Jennifer said with her eyes closed, hands clasping the side of the chair. 

I tried keeping busy in the kitchen. Not knowing if my presence would interrupt their conversation. 

"Did you like it that way?"

'"Ummmm...yeah. There is something so sexy about it..."

"Would he come in your mouth then?"

"Sometimes. Sometimes he would pull out of my mouth and come on me" 

"So, would you say he was...good?" Amy said as I entered the room with a bowl of olives and bread. 

Jennifer looked right at me. "Why, is he getting lucky tonight?" 

"Jen come on, don't ask her that. Man..."

"Well, it depends how good this meal is." And they both preceded to laugh.

"Yeah, he was good I guess..."Jennifer said as I walked back into the kitchen. "Listen Amy, there's a reason I keep trying to get him in the sack. Hey, I've got a question for you." 

"Well, I guess it's only fair." Amy said cautiously. 

"Have you ever kissed a girl?"

Only Jen I thought. I had only kissed Amy once, now my ex-bed mate was asking for a kiss. 

"Nope."

"You'd like to though, right." 

"Never really thought about it."

I had to peek around the corner again. I watched as Jennifer leaned over and gently put her lips on Amy's. It was just a sweet peck. Then she placed her lips a little firmer on Amy's. Patiently Jennifer lingered at her mouth until Amy began to kiss her back fully. This was getting out of hand. I was suppose to be seducing Amy, not my nutty neighbor. I moved back, hidden in the kitchen and yelled out, "Dinner's almost ready. You two mind if the sauce is a little spicy?" Hoping to break the trance. 

"Um..Yeah sure. Sounds good." Amy responded. "Are you still wearing what you were wearing when we walked in?" she whispered to Jennifer.

"Well still got my boots on as you see. Yeah under this, same thing. Why, did you like it? You want to see me like that again."

"Yes. I want him to see too. Could you take off..."

"I would love to. Your a kinky little thing aren't you." And I heard Jennifer get up from her chair. 

Amy got up and came into the Kitchen. 

"Hey what's up?" I asked her.

Amy just stared into my eyes. "You know what's up. I know you can hear everything from in here. Just shut off everything. Come in here with me." And she led me into the other room. "Just stand there."

Jennifer was standing in the middle of the room, wearing what she was wearing when she had swung open the door. She strutted confidently over to where we were standing. Amy was stroking my hand. 

"Could you sit there for me Jen?" and Amy pointed to the chair Jennifer had been sitting in. "Thanks. Look at her. It doesn't hide anything. But so alluring." 

I could feel Amy's palms begin to moisten as she looked at Jennifer sitting in front of her.

Amy turned to me, "Take your cock out of your pants. Show me how you did it. How you put your cock in her mouth. Show me why you liked it. Jennifer, please sit up straight, hands on the side of the chair." 

Jennifer did as she was told. Sitting there as she had a dozen or so times for me. I took my cock out, leaving my pants around my hips, the way I would have done it then. 

"Go, stand right in front of her. I just want to watch you." And Amy leaned back on the table and looked down at Jennifer's lips.

I straddled her legs, my prick inches from her mouth. I looked over at Amy who was entranced. I slowly began to move the head of my cock across Jennifer's lips. My pre-come mixing with her wetness of her mouth. Back and forth across. She wasn't letting me enter. Every time I would push a little, her teeth would block my cock from entering. 

"You are just a little tease." Amy said to her. "Do you need me to ask you to let him in your mouth." And Jennifer grinned. "Ok, Jen baby, I know I've only known you for an hour, but would you let me see what it looks like, when he fucks your mouth?"

And with that Jennifer swallowed my cock. I began to move it in and out, slowly. Jen did her part by staying perfectly straight, hands locked on the sides of the chair. My movements picked up the pace as my pleasure began to rise. Amy placed a hand on the back of my thigh, gently coaxing me along. 

"Jen, this is beautiful. He's getting close. Oooh what's he going to do Jen, come in your mouth, on you, both? Yes fuck her mouth, suck on his dick Jen." 

I looked over at Amy who was rubbing herself though her skirt, made three more hard thrusts into Jennifer's mouth, and started to erupt. I spurt twice and pulled out, letting the rest of my come splash onto the sheer white material covering her breasts and the tops of her thighs. 

"That was beautiful Jen," Amy said as she leaned down to kiss her fully on the lips.

Jennifer had now kissed the girl I came home with one more time than I had, and Amy was tasting my come before she had even touched my dick. 

"I was hoping to fuck you tonight, but hell, I couldn't have imagined this." Jen said and we both grinned at each other, my cock, still hard, dangling in front of her. "You like seeing your come on me again?" before I could answer Jennifer leaned back and began rubbing the come into sheer white material clinging to her breast. Pinching her nipples though the slickness. Reaching down to her thighs, she smeared what had fallen into her skin and began stroking her wet pussy with her sticky hands. "I'm some kind of..." 

"When he would spank you, slap your ass while you were fucking, how hard would he do it Jen? Show me. Just spank her a little." And Amy lifted the wine glass to take a sip.

Jennifer got up from the chair and turned around and bent slightly over. The sheer material had worked it's way into the crack of her ass, leaving no barrier between my hand and her cheeks. 

Jennifer looked back, "Ummmm...for old times sake, let's show her how you would spank me."

"Just a once on each cheek..." Amy commanded as the first slap had landed on her right cheek. 

I didn't spank her too hard, just enough to leave a light red mark and make noise enough to sound impressive.

"How did that feel Jen. Tell me." Amy said taking another sip from her glass. "That looked great I must say. Jennifer could you slap me once, on the ass?"

And Amy turned and leaned slightly over the table with her hands supporting her on the table top. 

Jennifer sat down in the chair and faced Amy. "Ok, bend just a little bit more. Good, good. You ready?"

"Yes."

And Jennifer swung and slapped Amy hard on her skirt covered ass. 

"Owwww....ummmmm...that was nice. Wow, very hot. Once more please Jennifer." 

"Ok, but," Jennifer said, "to really get what it feels like, it's got to be on skin. So I'm going to pull you skirt down a bit."

Jennifer pulled down one side of Amy's skirt to expose one cheek and slid away the panties that were covering it. 

"Ok you ready?"

"Yes." Amy said as she glanced over to me. 

Jennifer slapped her one more time square on the flesh.

"Oooowwww....yes, ummm that was...." Amy trailed off to catch her breath. "Your right it make such a difference skin on skin. Ugh, fuck that stings."

Jennifer stood up and caressed the red cheek with her left had. "Mmmm yes well twice pretty hard on the same side will do that." And she began to caress the other cheek, pushing her skirt further down, exposing her ass. "But to really understand how it felt, you need to feel something hard in your cunt." Jennifer reached down and slowly pushed a finger into Amy's pussy. Then two. Slowly moving them in and out as Amy bent lower over the table.

"Oh, I can't believe you...uhgmmmm, yes...spank me now...please."

"Yes I will, don't worry." And Jennifer kept working her fingers in and out of Amy's cunt. "He would fuck me slowly like this and whisper in my ear how hot I was. Sometimes I would be just like you are, most of my clothes on, his dick up my cunt. Not knowing when, sometimes he wouldn't."

Amy began to grind into Jennifer's fingers. Breathing heavier.

"Sometimes he slap me once just as he entered me, sometimes right at the end. Sometimes..." and Jennifer swung again, pulling her fingers from Amy's cunt when her hand made contact on Amy's ass. "That's how it felt."

And Jennifer turned Amy around to face her. "Only he would make me cum." Jennifer said as a wicked grin came over her face.

And with that she sat down again in front of Amy, who was standing, leaning against the table, her skirt pulled down to the middle of her thighs. Her panties askew, partially exposing her wet cunt. Amy looked over at me, my cock still hanging out of my pants, not quite knowing what to do next.

"Look at my tits Amy."

Amy broke her gaze on me and locked onto Jennifer rubbing her tits through the sheer material. Jennifer began pulling at her nipples.

"Ummmm..he would suck these nipples until they were raw. You see these nipples. how hard they are Amy. Are Your nipples this hard? I can see them poking through. Are yours like mine Amy? Give me your hand."

Jennifer took Amy's hand and placed her fingers on one of her nipples.

"Feel them Amy, that's right roll my nipple around in your fingers. Agh..he would love to suck them. What are your nipples like? Are as suck-able as mine Amy?"

Jennifer reached up and stroked Amy's right nipple through the silky material. "Ummm, it feels pretty hard. Lets see what it looks like." 

Jennifer gently pulled down the strap of Amy's camisole, exposing her breast cupped in the lace bra. "Look at that nipple," and Jennifer rubbed it through the bra. "Lets see it."

Jennifer peeled down the bra, letting the strap fall on Amy's arm were the other strap fell and kneaded her nipple between her finger and thumb. Amy stood there, her eyes closed, leaning back a little farther on the table,, supporting herself with her arms. 

"Nice size, very hard. You'd like to suck these." Jennifer said to me. " Go ahead so I can watch."

I stood in front of Amy and looked at her. One breast exposed, skirt half off, head tilted back, eyes closed. I bent down and took her nipple between my teeth and slowly began to move my tongue over it. I worked my tongue faster and faster, flicking the tip of my tongue over her nipple. Sucking hard. I placed one hand around to her back and pulled her toward me and brushed aside the camisole covering her other breast. Kneading her tit through the lace as I worked my mouth on the other. My cock was rock hard and grazing over her inner thigh.

"Ugh fuck that is good." sighed Amy. "Yes, oh suck it harder, yeah faster. Ummmmm, don't fucking stop."

I felt Jennifer tap the small of my back. And I bit down. 

Amy yelped and stood straight up. "Oh that hurt! Why in the hell..."

I backed up a step to stand next to Jennifer who was still sitting, and grinning. She began to stroke my cock slowly. 

"You know the other thing he would do Amy? He would tie me up. To a chair, the bed, across a table, lying up, face down. My favorite would be when he would tie me to the bed while on all fours. Tying my wrists so i couldn't move, and then he would fuck me..." and Jennifer bit her lower lip.

I had never tied her up. 

"You wait here." Jen said to me. "Amy come with me, lets go." And she pulled Amy by the arm toward the bedroom. 

"Take off your clothes while I get her ready." Jen grunted her command at me.

She was really enjoying this.

While I was pulling off my pants and shirt I could see Jen strip Amy through the open door and have her get on all fours on the bed, only the bottom half of her body visible.

"Just hold onto the head board until I find something to tie your hands with." I could hear Jen say to Amy as I stood there naked. "These should work. Oh Amy, you look beautiful. You'll love this honey."

Jen finished her job and stood in the doorway with that look she gets in her eyes and called to me. 

"OK, she's ready!" And I walked toward the bedroom. 

When I got to Jen she leaned into me with a long hard kiss, then whispered in my ear. "Lets have fucking fun with her. She looks so fucking hot, I wish we had thought of this." 

"Doesn't she look great?" Jen said as we walked into the room. "Do you remember when you would tie me up like that?" She asked with a big grin on her face. 

Amy was kneeling with her hands tied to the headboard, ass high in the air, her tits dangling underneath her. She turned her head over her shoulder with a lustful and a little bit of a worried look on her face.

"Oh yeah Jen, how could I forget. I mean, you would beg me to tie you up like that." 

Jennifer crawled up onto the bed and knelt beside Amy. "Look at this beautiful ass." and she began to caress it. "I bet you didn't think you would have this girl tied up in your bed tonight. Oh honey she is so wet." Jen had her hand slowly moving between her thighs. "You want to be fucked Amy? He's ready. His cock is nice and hard Amy. Or maybe we should just suck your tits?." 

A breathy, "Yes." was all Amy could muster. 

I moved onto the bed and knelt next to Amy, opposite Jennifer. I moved my hands all down her back and underneath, caressing her tits.

"You know, I need to be fucked too." and Jennifer sat on the bed facing the head board. Jen began unzip and pull off her boots. "Ummm Amy, turn your head over here and watch me, I love being watched." Amy turned to watch Jennifer slowly strip, unsnapped the body suit and plunged her fingers into her pussy. "Uuuuugh...You like my cunt darling?" She asked. "Your going to lick it honey don't worry. Want a little taste?" And Jennifer slipped her fingers into Amy's mouth. "You like that don't you?"

"Yes...could, um, could I..." Amy panted.

"Not yet, first me." Jen said and she stood on the bed, straddled Amy's bound hands and sat on the edge of the head board. "Lick me Amy, I come before you."
