 Before this story begins I must say that this is a fictional story with fictional names and events but is based on real people that I know. 

The series of events all started on December 25, 2007 the day I turned 18 and before I start going in to what happened I am going to describe myself. 

My name is Seth and I am now 18 years old and stand at 5'8" weigh 200 lbs with most being muscle and with short brown hair and blue eyes and a 6" cock when hard. Now for the story...

I have been becoming a lot more social lately probably just from growing some balls and knowing nothing bad will happen to me if I do and because I am on the football team and I became friends with my teammates and got used to talking in social situations with them. 

I attend Poseidon Prep, a school. Our school is small and there are about 350 people that are in our high school at our school so everyone pretty much knows everybody. Our school is very diverse and full of different nationalities. Ok, enough with all the background information and let's get to the story. 

"Hey, Seth who are those girls over there?" John, one of my friends asked me one day at lunch while pointing at some new smoking hot girls in some skimpy clothing that I have never seen on campus before. 

"Woh I have no clue but I would love to find out," I said as I leaned back a little to take a good look.

"Go ahead Seth go introduce yourself and talk to them," said by 3 other of my football friends as they saw me looking.

"No, No I couldn't do that. I am too shy," I said even though I was thinking I might just trying to see what other people's reaction would be.

"Just go and talk to them. What is the worse that can happen?" My football friends said in unison.

I never thought I would do what I was about to do but I was tired of being known as the shy guy and I figured I might as well meet them before they get lost in the world at our school and I may never see them again too so I decided to take a risk and shock everybody. I got up and made what felt like me to be my walk to death but turned out to be the hallway to a new and more exciting and fun chapter of my life.

"Hello um welcome to Poseidon. My name is Seth and I am a senior here and I play varsity football and I would like to welcome you to our school and if you have any questions just feel free to find me," I said as I looked them up and down without being too obvious.

I think they noticed me checking them out because they looked me up and down and looked me in my eyes and smiled and one of them said in a German, "Well hello there Seth was it? We are new students and we just moved here from Germany. My name is Ada and this is my sister Emma and we have a friend from England coming up now."

My mouth must have been wide open in ah of meeting two gorgeous girls who were actually checking me out and about to meet another one. Let me describe them for you, Ada probably stands about 5'7" and has long brown hair that goes to the middle of her back with blue eyes and has some freckles on her face and I would guess B cup breasts. Emma probably stands just an inch shorter of Ada and everything else about them is pretty much the same. 

"Hey guys who is this?" Their British friend said as she walked up and pointed to me. 

"Hi my name is Seth and I am a junior here at Poseidon," I said looking her up and down and finding her as beautiful as the other two are.

Like her friends did she saw me checking her out and did the same to me and looked up at me and smiled and said in a very sexy British accent, " Nice to meet you Seth. My name is Daphne."

Daphne stood about 5'6" and had blonde hair that went a little more than her shoulders and had blue eyes and about B cup breasts. 

"Well it is nice to meet you all. Is there anything I can do for you guys?" I asked hoping they needed me to do something.

"Well actually we were looking for the office. Could you take us there?" Ada asked me as the other two smiled at me.

"Um yeah of course it would be my pleasure," I said as I started taking them to the office.

While I walked them to the office I got to know them. I found out that they were from Germany and have actually been here for 7 months and aren't enjoying it much and don't really know anybody around but I told them I would be happy to show them the town and she seemed to like that idea. Once I took them to the office the bell rang so I had to go to class but I said that I would see them after school and they said they would be looking forward to it. I was in heaven once I left the office and ran to my next class which I barely made it on time for. Even though I made it to class I wasn't able to concentrate in the last of my classes. My cock was the one paying the most attentions since it was at attentions, pun intended. After an excruciating two hours the bell to end school rang.

"Yes finally," I said as I jumped up in my English class when the bell rang.

"Finally what?" my English teacher asked as everybody started laughing at me.

"Oh umm nothing sorry," I said as I grabbed my backpack and rushed out. 

I ran to my locker and got all I needed for the night out of it and in my backpack as soon as possible so I could get to the place I told I would meet the girls. I finally got the last book out and slammed my locker shut and locked it and ran at the double doors in the front of our high school building and ran through them straight to the flagpole and stood there waiting for them like I didn't just run to see them. 

I must have been bending over trying to catch my breath because I didn't hear what the girls were saying till the second time.

"Hey, hey Seth it's us." Ada said as she tapped me on the shoulder startling me and making me jump.

"Oh it's you guys. You guys scared me," I said as I calmed down and stood up.

"Sorry we didn't mean to scare you. So did you make it to your class on time?" Emma asked as I caught my breath and was ready to see what was going to happen next.

"Yeah I did. So did you guys get done what you guys needed to do?" I asked just trying to keep the conversation going to see what was going to happen.

"Yes we did thanks for asking. Hey Seth I know this may seem a little forward but we don't really want to go home already and we were wondering if you could maybe show us a good time?" Ada asked me as they all looked at me with hopefulness on their faces. 

"Umm ye...wow umm wow," I said as I was dumbfounded by them asking me and I just couldn't even speak.

"Um are you ok Seth? Were we too forward?" Ada asked with a look of worried ness. "Oh yeah I am fine and no you guys aren't being too forward it is just I am shocked you are asking me is all," I said as I was still trying to get over the shock.

"Well we are asking you because you were the first one to come up to us and make us feel welcome and everybody else we have talked to are just looking for a way to get in our pants so we asked you and glad you said yes," Emma said as they all looked me up and down and smiled.

I noticed them checking me out and was pleasantly surprised and smiled as I pointed to my car, "Well then, after you ladies."

I had pinched myself as they walked past me to make sure I wasn't dreaming and thank god I wasn't. I felt like I was on top of the world as the three gorgeous ladies slipped in to my car. I looked up and thanked god and jogged over to my car, started it, and pealed out of the school. Emma was sitting in front with me and Daphne and Ada were in the back together.

"Hey Seth do you have any music?" Daphne asked as I started off to the mall.

"Oh um yeah sure here we go," I said as I picked up my ipod that was plugged into my stereo and pushed play.

"Grind on me...Oh sorry I was listening to that earlier," I said as I turned off Grind on Me by Pretty Ricky.

"No, no leave that on I like that song," Daphne said as she started to move to the beat. 

"Oh ok sorry I will turn it back on. Here you go," I said as I pushed play and let the song go. 

I noticed the girls were enjoying the song and dancing to it as best they could in the car. The song was almost over and I was so focused on the road as it was filled with traffic that I wasn't even paying attention to the girls. I stopped at a red light and looked at Emma who was still moving to the music and then I looked in the mirror to see how Ada and Daphne were doing and I was completely shocked at what they were doing.

They were both kissing each other passionately while massaging each other's breasts. Emma must have noticed me looking because she brought me out of my trance by saying, "Oh I guess I should have mentioned that to you before. The three of us are all bisexual and ever since we all met each other they have been getting really close and they do that a lot but they didn't want to do it at school so as to not attract any more attention than they already do. Oh and the light changed"

"Oh um ok sorry," I said as I shook my head to get me back into reality and moving. 

I tried to keep my eyes only on the road but it wasn't easy but I was able to do it. We were close to the mall when I felt a hand on my leg and I looked at it and it was Emma's. I was shocked at what she was doing and my cock was slowly growing and I was really enjoying it until I heard a horn blowing. I quickly opened my eyes since they were closed from the pleasure and saw a huge big rig truck driving towards us and I had to swerve right to get out of the way and when I gained composure I noticed her hand was off my leg.

"I think it would be best if I we not do anything right now and you just drive. I don't want to get in a crash and have to tell the cops what was happening but don't worry, just wait for later." Emma said as she gave me a little wink as she took a look back at what the other two girls were doing.

I was upset that she stopped but I knew that for our safety it was necessary even though my cock was hurting from all the teasing. I was barely able to keep my eyes on the road but I did and we finally reached the mall. I looked at Emma and she was smiling while looking at the back seat so I took a look and was pleasantly surprised to see Ada and Daphne staring at me with messed up hair and panties in each hand a smile on their faces. 

"Here you go Seth these are little souvenirs for you to keep," they both said as they handed me their soaking wet panties.

"Oh um...wow thanks," I said as I took them from them and put them in my glove compartment.

"Hey Seth you can have my panties too but you have to take them off of me first," Emma said to me as she smiled at mischievously.

"Wha...Um ok," I said as I slowly leaned over towards Emma swung her legs over into my lap.

I completely froze when her legs rested right on my lap and she said, "There you go that should make it easier. Go ahead and take them off."

"Um...ok," I said thankful for just getting anything out as I slowly moved my hands to her legs and let them rest there as I slowly moved them up her silky smooth legs.

"Mm Seth your hands feel great and you are making me so wet," Emma said as she let out a moan as my hands got to the top of her skirt.

Once I reached the top of her skirt I got a rush of sexual energy run through my body as I felt the heat of her pussy as I moved my hands up her skirt. I thought I couldn't be any more shocked after finding out how sexually free these girls are until I felt the moisture of my fingers as my hands hit silky smooth skin under her skirt.

"Oh woops Ha-ha Sorry Seth I forgot that I didn't put any panties on today," Emma said as she threw her head back and let out a long moan. 

"Oh um Emma lets get out and I will show you the mall," I said as I pulled my hands out from under her skirt and got out of the car quickly.

"What is up with him?" Ada asked shocked by my reaction.

"Yeah why isn't he jumping our bones right now," Daphne asked as shocked as Ada was.

"Don't worry guys I don't think he is used to someone as sexually aggressive as we are and I am sure he will lighten up we just need to loosen him up a little so lets go," Emma told them as they all got out of the car and walked up to me.

I was waiting for them to get out of the car so I started reflecting on what has happened so far and concluded that today is the best day of my life so far. I snapped out of my trance when I felt two hands on my ass and it was squeezed. I jumped and turned to see the three girls smiling at me and I just smiled back.

"Well that was a nice little surprise. Shall we head into the mall now?" I asked as they walked alongside me.

Daphne walked on my left and Ada walked on my right and they both put their arm though mine as Emma walked really close in almost making me not able to walk as her ass brushes my crotch. It was hard to walk with Emma in front of me and the girls on either side of me but I managed to get used to it and finally was able to walk normally as we got to the door of the mall. I also started to notice that my cock was starting to harden from the constant brushes of Emma's ass and my cock was starting to poke into her ass.

"Mm someone is sure excited," Emma said as we walked through the doors and she turned to look at me.

"Oh sorry I just can't help it," I said as I put my head down in shame which made my cock deflate slowly.

"No its ok Seth I like it you don't have to be sorry about it," Emma said with compassion, "You know what Seth, I think we should come out clean with you. You know that we are from Europe and I am not sure if you are away of it but we are more free and uninhibited where we are from especially sexually. We are used to having sex and a lot of it but not with many people in fact my sister and I usually pick just one guy and stick with him for a long time. We told Daphne about that and she admitted that she has had sex before and is used to just recreational sex and agreed to be a part of our sex ring and we all decided for you to be the guy we will let fuck us all. So what do you think?" Emma said with hope on her face.

"Um wow um I am shocked and flattered but mostly shocked. Why me?" I asked as I pinched myself trying to make sure I was not dreaming.

"Well it is because you were the first person to come up and introduce yourself and were really sweet and helpful to us and you seemed to be the only person who wasn't just trying to get in our pants and now we are offering you to be able to get in our pants anytime you want. So what do you think," Emma asked as they all had hopeful and what looked like lust filled gazes looking at me waiting for an answer.

"Well let me just say I am flattered, completely flattered, shocked but flattered. I have to say it is an honor that you guys would choose me and to tell you the truth I have no experience in sex. In fact I have never even kissed a girl so I just want to let you guys no you guys are going to have to teach me how to do stuff but I am definitely willing to learn and except your guys' offer," I said as I looked at them with complete hunger.

"Yes! Yes! I am so happy to hear you say that and don't worry Seth we will teach you everything we know even stuff that most people don't even know and some stuff that most people won't do," Emma said as all their faces lit up with happiness.

It was like a gate opened in my life and the light was almost blinding as I was kept in the darkness and conservative side and now that would all change. Even though it was decided that I would become their sex partner it just created a strong sexual tension in that I didn't know what was going to happen next. I guess all the wonders of what was going to happen next ended by what the girls did. All three at once moved close to me and they all at once gave me a sloppy kiss on my lips and at first I was shocked and didn't know what to do but eventually I got into it.

"Wow that was great. That was an interesting and exciting first kiss," I said as we all broke apart.

"Well I am sure happy and honored to be your first kiss," Ada said as she bent her head down a little and winked at me seductively.

"Yeah same here and you were great for a first timer," Emma said as I noticed her breathing a little harder than usual as she did the same thing as Ada did.

"I agree with both of them Seth. I also want to add that you are an amazing kisser and I don't know about the other two but you really made me horny and I think we should leave and maybe go somewhere else maybe like somewhere more private," Daphne said as she reached out and grabbed my crotch and gave me a wink.

"I second that," Emma said.

"I agree," Ada said.

"Well looks like am out numbered so I guess we have to do what we have to do. Let's go and we can go get a hotel room," I said with a sly smile and as my hand reached out under Daphne's skirt and ran a finger up her slit. 

"MMM that feels great. It seems like some switch was finally turned on in your head," Daphne said as she closed her eyes in pleasure. 

"It sure looks like it," Ada said with a huge smile on her face.

"Well you guys did it to me and I have to thank you guys for doing it now since you guys got me horny lets go and do something about it," I said as I brought my fingers that were under Daphne's skirt to my mouth and sucked on them. 

I had never seen 3 girls run as fast as I did after I the last thing I said. I didn't even notice what happened till I heard the doors of the mall close behind me but right when I heard that I bolted for the doors and to my cars because I didn't want to miss any of the fun. I finally reached my car and was extremely happy with what I saw. The girls all appeared to be naked and making out in the back seat. I didn't understand how they got in so I started checking my pockets then looked up and saw them all smiling at me as Daphne dangled my keys in her hand. 

"Wow these girls are freaks. I am definitely not going to ever forget my first time," I thought to myself as I moved around to the driver side of the car. 

I went to the driver side of the car and tried to open the door but it was locked. I tried to open it a couple more times but it was locked.

"You have to get naked before we let you in," Emma said smiling as she rubbed her breasts.

"You naughty girls are going to get it soon," I said as I looked back and forth before I quickly took my shirt, shoes, socks, and pants off and finally slowly pulled down which made my hard cock spring out and hit my stomach. 

"MM you can punish me with that any day," Emma said while smiling and what looked like drooling as she looked at my hard precum dripping cock.

"Here, here," Daphne and Ada said in unison. 

Once I slipped off my boxers Emma unlocked the door and I quickly hopped in with my clothes in hand. Emma grabbed them and put them in the back with them.

"Hurry up and drive so we can get a room quickly. I need that big cock of yours in my pussy fast," Emma said as she leaned towards me and grabbed my cock which made it jerk.

I did not have to be told twice so I drove faster than I ever have, even faster than I thought possible. We were pretty lucky with the green lights but we hit one red light right before the motel. We stopped and I looked back and the girls were all making out and groping each other all over. I didn't notice it but I was starting to stroke my cock as I watched them grope each other until I heard a horn blow and looked around and I was shocked by what I saw yet also really turned on.

There was a lady in a car on my left looking right at me. I was scared that she was going to call the cops and get in trouble so I tried to cover up and grab my clothes but was excited and shocked when I heard her say in a sexy voice, "No its ok, keep going I like watching."

I just stared and watched as I saw her eyes glaze over with lust and see her arch her back and that only got me hornier and wanting more to fuck these girls harder than they ever thought they could be. I was ready to fuck them till they couldn't walk for a week. I gave the lady smile and another quick jerk before the light changed and we had to go. I sped to the motel since I didn't think I could last much longer before I just pulled over and fucked them then and there. We parked right in front of the front office and quickly put our shirts and pants or skirt on basically just enough clothes to get to not get arrested. We almost ran into the front office.
