 When Mr. and Mrs. Black asked me to babysit for them Saturday night, I wasn't really that happy about it. I was supposed to go out with my boyfriend, Mike, that night. When I called Mike to break the date, he wasn't too happy about it either.

I've been babysitting for the Blacks for a couple of years, since I was 16. Taking care of their kids is no problem. This Saturday, it was even easier. Their five-year-old was staying with friends, so I only had the four month old to look out for. Not too bad. I like the Blacks and it's good money.

The Blacks had been gone for about an hour when the doorbell rang. I was surprised to find Mike on the other side. He'd decided that if I couldn't come out and play with him, he'd come in and play with me. Since the Blacks weren't supposed to be home for another couple of hours, I didn't see anything wrong with letting Mike in. 

We settled in front of the tv in the living room. Mike is a great cuddler. That surprised me. I hadn't expected anything like that from an eighteen year old boy. We'd been going for about a year and we were planning on going to college together the following fall. As we sat on the couch, watching tv, I felt Mike blowing gently on my ear. He knows that does wonders for getting me in the mood. I turned to face him and felt his lips on mine immediately. We kissed, our tongues fighting each other. I moaned into his mouth when I felt his hand reach up and cup my breast.

As we made out on the couch, Mike slipped his hand up inside my sweater and stroked my breast through my bra. I have large breasts, which Mike loves, and my nipples are extremely sensitive. Mike's fingers were pushing down the cup of my bra and I moaned again as his fingers touched my bare nipple. Mike laid me back down on the couch and settled above me. Lifting my sweater up over my breasts, Mike pulled my bra down. He looked at my nipples and smiled. I knew what was coming next and I moaned in anticipation. When his mouth touched my nipple, I arched my back and pushed further into his mouth. 

As Mike's lips closed around my nipple, sucking me deeper and deeper into his mouth, I could feel his cock getting hard in his jeans. Mike has an amazing cock. I reached down between us, rubbing my hand over his growing bulge as his mouth sucked harder on my nipple. Lifting his head, Mike licked my nipple and then moved to my other nipple. I moaned again as this time his lips closed around my hard nub and his teeth bit down gently. Nibbling on my nipple, Mike massaged my other tit with his hand. I was going crazy. My panties were already soaked. 

Mike lifted his head and told me he really need to fuck me. I pushed him off and rapidly took off my sweater and bra. I kept my eyes on him as I unzipped my jeans and pushed them down. Mike was lifting his t-shirt over his head and then taking off his shoes and socks. Standing in front of Mike, I slipped off my panties and turned around for him, showing him my naked body. Mike reached out for me and I fell onto his lap. We kissed, our mouths grinding against each other. My legs were on either side of his. With my pussy open to him, Mike reached down and stroked my moist lips with his fingers as his tongue drove into my mouth. I love that Mike pays attention to my pussy. It's an even trade. He loves my pussy and I love his cock.

As Mike slipped the tip of his finger gently inside me, I moaned into his mouth and wrapped my arms tighter around his neck. Mike was telling me how much he loved my pussy, how wet I was, as he slid his fingers deeper and deeper inside me. When his lips closed over my nipple again, sucking as he fingered my cunt, I moaned and felt my orgasm building. I came hard and pushed down on his fingers. Smiling, I lifted my head and told him it was my turn.

Sliding off of his lap and onto the floor in front of him, I told him to stand. He did and I reached up, unzipping his jeans and sliding them down. His cock was hard and standing at full attention. Tossing his jeans to the side, I pushed him back down on the couch again. Opening his legs, I crawled between them and rubbed my hands on his thighs. Leaning my head down, I flicked the tip of my tongue across his head and Mike moaned. I love to suck his cock.

Slowly, I wrapped my lips around his cock and sucked gently, pushing my mouth down his shaft and then up again. Not using anything but my mouth on him, I sucked him, giving him the best head I knew how. My mouth bounced up and down on his shaft, twisting and turning, and pulling up and pushing back down on him. Mike moaned and threw his head back, telling me to suck him harder. We were so caught up in what we were doing, we didn't hear the door....

Greg and Courtney Black are a young couple, both only in their early 30's. Neither had ever thought that Cathy would ever be any trouble, that's why they had always asked her to babysit. Besides, the kids seem to like her. Their evening out had been shorter than they'd expected. Both were bored at the party and decided to come home early. When they walked in the front door, they had heard the tv on in the living room. As they approached the living room, Courtney stopped and grabbed Greg to stop him. Bringing her finger to her lips, she motioned for him to be quiet.

As Courtney had just been about to enter the living room, she'd noticed the light from the tv shining on the couch. Cathy was naked on her knees in front of her boyfriend, whom they'd met before. Cathy was giving the boy head. Courtney couldn't believe what she was seeing. She felt an immediate rush of arousal. Grabbing Greg, Courtney pointed out the scene on the couch. She heard Greg take a quick breath and watched his eyes go over Cathy's naked body. He was as excited as she was.

Standing in the doorway, they watched their young babysitter bounce her mouth up and down on her boyfriend's cock. She was moaning, obviously enjoying what she was doing. The boyfriend was moaning, telling her to suck harder. She did. Courtney felt Greg's hands reach around her and cup her breasts. She leaned back against him, reaching her hands back to grab his hips. Unbuttoning the front of her blouse, Greg slipped his hands inside and tore at her bra, exposing her breasts. His eyes were focused on the two eighteen year olds and his hands were roughly massaging his wife's massive tits. She suppressed a moan as Greg's fingers squeezed her nipples, tugging on them. 

Cathy lifted her mouth from Mike's cock and looked him in the eye. Standing up, she ran her hands over her body, fondling her breasts, and then she lowered herself slowly onto Mike's hard cock. She moaned as his cock pushed up inside her. Greg couldn't stand it. Watching this girl fuck her boyfriend was pushing him over the edge. Reaching down, he tugged on Courtney's skirt, pushing it down around her ankles. Grabbing the top of her panties, he pulled hard, ripping them off her. Courtney bit her bottom lip as Greg's fingers rammed themselves into her hot, wet pussy. 

Cathy was bouncing up and down on Mike's cock, her breasts swinging from side to side. She grabbed his shoulders as he grabbed her ass and slammed his cock up higher inside her. He loved her pussy, so fucking tight. They were both moaning, lost in each other, unaware that they were being watched. Cathy was trying hard to keep from moaning. She wanted to watch them cum. Greg was hard, his cock straining in his pants. As his fingers dove up inside Courtney, Greg unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. While he diddled his wife, Greg wrapped his other hand around his cock and stroked it hard and fast. 

Fucking harder and faster, Cathy moaned and Mike thrust upwards. Cathy's pussy tightened around Mike's surging member and she moaned as she climaxed. Mike pushed up again and then moaned as he came hard. Standing up, Cathy bent over and took Mike's spewing cock in her mouth and sucked. As she was sucking him, she noticed a movement and stopped, stunned. Mr. and Mrs. Black.

Courtney knew they'd been seen. Smiling, she pushed Greg's fingers from her pussy and stepped down into the living room. Her blouse was open, her breasts exposed and she wore nothing below the waist except for her heels. She walked towards Cathy and Mike. Greg followed behind her, his cock hanging out, hard and erect. Without saying a word, Courtney leaned over and took Mike's still spewing cock in her mouth and sucked, tasting Cathy. Mike moaned and pushed his cock up. Courtney sucked hard, pulling on his rod, her fingers moving down and closing around his balls. She squeezed and Mike shot another load in her mouth. 

Cathy watched and then moaned as she felt Greg come up behind her. His hands reached around and grabbed her breasts, his fingers rubbing her nipples. Greg's hands moved down her stomach and settled between her legs. She was so wet and his fingers slipped easily inside. Cathy moaned as she leaned against him. She watched as Courtney's head bounced up and down in Mike's lap, sucking his semi-limp cock. Greg whispered in her ear to sit on the couch next to Mike. She did.

Sitting, watching, Cathy was mesmerized. As Courtney sucked Mike's cock, she slowly shimmied out of her blouse and bra. Naked, she knelt between Mike's legs. MIke was getting hard again already. Greg stood and watched his wife suck the boy's cock and he stripped out his clothes. Cathy turned back and watched as Greg stepped towards her, his hand stroking his cock. She thought he wanted her to suck him, she knew she wanted that, but he had other ideas. Kneeling in front of her, Greg spread her legs. Cathy moaned and arched up as she felt Greg's tongue on her sensitive pussy lips. 

Mike looked over and watched as Mr. Black ate Cathy's pussy, licking her lips up and down. Cathy's eyes were closed and she was moaning. He knew he couldn't believe this was happening. Mrs. Black was sucking his cock like it was her last meal, and who was he to complain. Her mouth kept pushing down on him, he could feel the back of her throat. He didn't want to shoot his load yet but he was so close.

Greg licked Cathy's tasty pussy, his tongue dipping just inside and then sliding back out again. She tasted to sweet and so young. As his tongue circled her clit, he slipped two fingers up inside her, fucking her fast. He knew she was close to coming. Closing his lips tight around her clit, he sucked hard, pulling an orgasm from her. Her body shook and he smiled. 

Rising to his feet, he held his cock in his hands. Cathy leaned forward, wrapping her arms around his legs, and took his cock in her mouth. Greg moaned as her warm mouth sucked hard. She didn't have Courtney's experience and finesse but god could she suck cock. Her mouth moved up and down, twisting and turning. He watched as Courtney rose to her feet and told Mike to stand up. Courtney crawled up on the couch, her ass in the air and told Mike to fuck her. He looked at Greg and when Greg smiled and pushed Cathy's head down further on his cock, Mike smiled. Grabbing Courtney's ass in his hands, he guided his cock slowly into her.

She wasn't as tight as Courtney but she still felt amazing. He pushed his cock deeper inside her, slamming his balls against her thighs. She moaned and reached down between them. Mike felt her grab his balls and he thought he'd lose it right then. He held back and drilled her pussy over and over again. 

Greg slipped his cock away from Cathy's sweet mouth and turned her around, leaning her over the couch. As he buried his cock in her tight pussy, Courtney reached out and grabbed her dangling tit in her fingers. Cathy moaned and pushed back against Greg. He was fucking her hard. She watched as Mike fucked Courtney and felt a rip of excitement. She loved watching him. She never thought she would but she was so fucking excited.

Mike moaned and pushed harder into Courtney. She pushed back against him, her orgasm ripping through her. She turned, taking his dripping cock in her mouth and sucked him. Mike collapsed back onto the couch and watched as Greg continued to drill Cathy's pussy. 

Courtney watched and couldn't stand it. Crawling down between Greg and Cathy's legs, Courtney flicked her mouth out and licked Greg's swinging balls. He moaned and pushed harder into Cathy. Cathy was the next to scream out as she felt Courtney's tongue on her pussy. Courtney was licking her as Greg fucked her. Cathy moaned and her orgasm tore through her, shaking her to the core. Greg pulled out and Courtney took his cock in her mouth. Cathy watched as Courtney sucked Greg to an orgasm, his cock erupting in her mouth.

Courtney laid back on the floor, still feeling horny and excited. Greg sat in the chair across from the couch and watched as his wife slipped her fingers between her legs. Without thinking, Cathy crawled off the couch and settled on the floor next to Courtney. Reaching out, Courtney brought Cathy on top of her in a sixty-nine position. Both Greg and Mike watched as their wife and girlfriend ate each other's pussy. 

Cathy moaned as she felt Courtney's tongue pushing inside her and she followed the example, pushing her own tongue between Courtney's lips. She'd never done this before, never even imagined doing it, but she was turned on as she repeated every move that Courtney made on her. Courtney was moaning, thrusting her hips upwards, meeting Cathy's mouth. As both women moaned and writher on the floor, the men grew hard. Greg looked at Mike and pointed to Courtney. Greg slid off of the couch and settled behind Cathy again. Lifting her, he slid his cock into her pussy as Courtney continued to lick her pussy, alternating with licking Greg's cock as he slid in and out. 

Mike moved and pushed his cock between Courtney's pussy lips, stroking her cunt with his rod. Cathy kept licking, rolling her tongue as Mike's cock moved in and out. Taking him in her hand, she sucked him and then pushed him back into Courtney. All four were moaning and thrusting, licking and sucking. When the orgasms started, they shook each and every one. Exhausted, they collapsed on the floor. 

The adventures in babysitting were just beginning. The following weekend, the Blacks were sending the kids to their grandparents and Mike and Cathy were spending the weekend with them. In bed.