 Our man just has no time to rest up and recharge. If you haven't already read the previous chapters, I suggest that you do. This chapter has a lot of variety: MM, FF, MMFF, MF and more. If this offends you, why are you here. If you're too young, get out of here before I tell your mother. One more thing: This story imagines a world without protection from dreaded cooties. But this ain't it. Wrap that rascal! Comments, messages, ratings; All are welcome!

The next morning, I couldn't sleep past eight, I had things to do. My business took front and center. I worked on an important client proposal all morning and was finishing it up when the doorbell rang.

"It's open!" I shouted.

It was my neighbor, Billie, no doubt coming over for a booty call. Billie does that maybe once every two weeks. She has an argument or words with her husband and then walks out and comes to my place. Her husband is a fucking fool, a loudmouth and mean spirited. I don't get their marriage. Billie just turned fifty, about five foot five, she is very pretty and with a good figure (maybe a little soft and pudgy though).

"Hey Ray. How are you doing?"

"Just finishing up some work. How are you, Billie?"

"I'm okay, considering. I just had my morning argument with dickhead. I told him I was going out to walk on the beach. I have about a half hour." She told me this as she stripped down. Standing in her bra and panties, she had her hands on her hips waiting for me.

"Hold on one second, okay?" I pressed "enter" and my proposal was winging it's way through the ether. I stood up and stripped down. "How would you like it today?"

"Hmmm. I wouldn't mind if you went down on me and then fucked my ass."

"You wouldn't, huh?"

I threw her onto the couch and she spread 'em for me. A moment later, I was on my knees, slurping at her gash. Billie has a very sweet tang, it's very different. She's got a tattoo of a Rolling Stones Lips-and-Tongue right above her vertical smile. She loves to be eaten and dickhead won't do it. What a putz.

Now let me describe her beautiful snatch to you. She has a flat stomach with no stretch marks from no kids. She's fully waxed from her asshole all the way down the road. She's fully tanned from sunbathing on her deck and skinny-dipping in her pool. He vulva has large puffy outer lips and her inside lips are nearly as long and very meaty. Her clit is a small pencil eraser that is buried under a thick hood. Revealing her clit is like peeling an onion without the tears. She's tight, too, but the very best part of her trans-labial highway is a very pronounced g-spot. Easy to find and explosive to touch.

It took me no time to eat Billie to an orgasm and then another. She is multi-orgasmic and a very wet cummer. My beard was sopping. And, just as soon as she came a second time, she flipped over on her hands and knees. This was the way she did it. She didn't like me to fuck her pussy on the outside chance that dickhead would have sex with her and find someone's cum in there. So it was her ass because it was someplace he never went. But it was fine with me. Her chute was extra tight and she knew how to milk me right. It didn't take me long to shoot a load up into her small intestine. At least, that's what it felt like as my balls slapped her butt. And, just as quick as I popped my first nut of the day, she got up, grabbed her clothes and went to the john. A minute later, she came out dressed. "Thanks, Ray. Gotta go!" And just like that she was gone. Twenty-five minutes for nut-popping pepper-upper. Nice.

I had some chores around town and it was a good thing because I bumped into Zara, a flamboyant woman who owned an art gallery. She was a tall, dark-skinned sabra with a peculiarly affected way about her. She was a lesbian queen famous for her parties, which often got out of hand with the police being called and all that. Her gallery was famous for its collection, exhibitions and showings. I thought her taste was mostly commercial aka drek. What do I know, her gallery made tons of hedge-fund cash.

"Ray, how fabulous. How are you, dahling." She held her hand out in a ludicrous gesture as if to kiss it. Smiling, I gave it a little punch tap. Anything to unnerve her.

"I'm fine, Zara. What can I do for you?"

"Always straight to the point, this one. You owe me a painting, dahling? Have you forgotten?."

"I don't owe you a painting. And anyway, I have nothing to sell. I haven't painted in a few months. I've been busy gratifying myself in other ways."

"Get back in the saddle and paint! Your stuff sells as soon as it comes in. You can make thousands. I can sell your stuff all day long. Now, do it! You know Zara is always right."

I wanted to get away. Zara was always right in that she gave me the creeps. "When I have something I like, Zara, you'll be the first one I call. I promise you. Now, if you'll excuse me..."

"Don't be a stranger, Ray. Bring me something. Ta Ta."

I was glad to escape her clutches but it put a thought in my head. Hmmm. I went about my business in town. I mailed out a hard copy of my proposal to the copyright office. I picked up some food and drink for Thursday. I stopped into Elaine's shop but she wasn't there. I looked at her line of women's clothes and was impressed at the prices. I'd never spend that kind of money on a cashmere sweater even if it was for me!

I moved on down the other side of the street and back to my car. The hardware store had a sale on a Leatherman tool so I bought one because I can't seem to find the one I had. Finally, I stopped into the Chinese take-out place and got some Won Ton Soup, a Pork Egg Roll, some Boneless Spareribs, some Egg Foo Yong and an Almond Cookie. I also stocked up on Duk Sauce, Soy Sauce, Hot Sauce and Chinese Mustard. I took a bunch because I cook with them. Note: The Egg Roll didn't make it home.

As I was chowing down on my deck, Nursey called me. "Ray, we're still on for Thursday, right? Around noon?"

"Yes, we're still on. I just came back from town and bought some food. Don't worry, everything's covered."

"Oh, I'm excited. I want to see my friend, Eric, finally find some relief! I spoke to him and he's very eager."

"Good. I'm having my friend, Elaine, over, too. She wants to do a bit of exploring, too. She's hot. I promise you will like her."

"I haven't gone that way in a while. This sounds better and better. I'm getting damp thinking about this." She paused and then asserted herself. "I can't be doing this, I'm working! I just wanted to check in and now look at me. See you Thursday." Click. I couldn't help it, I had a big smile.

I didn't hear back from Elaine but she called the next day. "Sorry I missed you in the store. I was in the city all day talking to buyers. And I bought some hot lingerie for Thursday. I'm excited."

"I spoke to Nursey and she told me that she's excited and Eric is excited, too." It occurred to me that I was not excited. Huh! That seemed odd. It seemed to me like just another part of life like waking up or going to sleep. I must be either jaded or weird.

"So what are you doing now?"

"I was mixing some paints and making waves at the canvas. Zara wants a painting so I thought I'd give it a try. But I got nuthin'."

"Hmmm. Hold that thought." Click.

I was still staring at the canvas when Elaine walked in. She said nothing. She walked across from me and started to strip. She peeled off her clothes mechanically, as if it was matter of fact. She unfastened her bra and let it drop. She peeled off her thong and tossed it in my face. I grabbed it and took a deep sniff. She turned and sat on a bar stool, one leg down and one up on a rung, exposing herself to me. She tossed her hair and flexed her chest proudly. "Paint me," she said.

I stared at her a full ten minutes. First, I took the view in and it was magnificent. She had a fine body. I analyzed the lines of her curves and how she fit in the space around her. I began to frame out a picture with charcoal on the large canvas. Soon, I was painting broad lines with a bit of Elaine in them. The painting progressed into something more involved, something almost revealed. It was a good forty-five minutes when Elaine asked for a break. I continued to paint expressing an interesting feeling, still undefined. After fifteen minutes, I was empty. My juice had run out. "That's all for today."

"May I see it?"

"Sure. I have lots to do still but you can see it."

She walked around and studied my work. "I like it. I can clearly see myself in there. But I also get this sexiness, a sort of gauzy veil over it. I like it a lot. I think it's interesting but also provocative. I think you should leave it."

"Ya think?"

"I do."

"Lemme think on it. I have to relax a little now. I suddenly feel very tired."

"Come. Let's take a tub. I already rolled a joint because I figured you could use it."

Once we were in the tub, the hot bubbling water instantly relaxed me. The sweet smoke relaxed me further. Then Elaine began to rub my shoulders and I was gone.

"I'm excited about tomorrow," she whispered draping her body into mine, her breasts pressed into mine. "I'm going to experience things I've wanted to try for years...and with a great guide."

She kissed me with a passion that I hadn't realized in my portrait of her. I knew what my painting needed. I suddenly energized and jumped out of the hot tub.

Naked, I raced to the painting and grabbed my palette. I laid stokes down with precision and yet some abandon. Bolder and more assertive. I fixed her body with strategic washes of color. I danced as I painted. I was happy. I was alive. The painting was coming alive to me. Finally, after a half hour, I touched up her nipples and I exclaimed, "Now it's done!"

"Let me see!"

Even towel clad, she exuded passion and desire. "Oh. My. God. Oh, that's me. I look so hot, like I'm going to leap from the canvas and fuck you silly. Oh my God. This will burn down her gallery." She then let a thought hang. "But I should own it..."

"I'm glad you like it. We have to do more...a whole series. I can always paint more...different poses..." I was starting to babble. "I have an idea. Let's go into town for dinner. A celebration! We can give the painting to Zara. It will be dry soon!"

"Hey, relax. Settle down. Before we do anything, there's something I need to do first."

She pulled me into the bedroom and pushed me onto the bed. Getting on the bed and straddling my face, she proceeded to hug my face with her sweet ass cheeks. She was doing all the movement, sliding her ass over my mouth and then sliding up to her clit. I grabbed her cheeks to slow her motions, I wanted to sodomize her with my tongue. It slipped into her sphincter and elicited a moan. After a few minutes, I rolled her up to her clit and allowed her to rock again. She leaned her clit into my mouth and I tangoed over it. She pressed down on my tongue and I sucked it in, sucking it like a teat feeding an infant. She squeezed several times and panted heavily. L'Essence de Twat began to drip down onto my chin. The scent was very powerful. She squeezed again producing groans that sounded like she was in pain but it wasn't pain, it was ecstasy. She squeezed again, let out a long groan and then opened the dam releasing a warm deluge. Her orgasm lasted an unusually long time and she milked it for all she was worth. Her clit seemed to flutter under my manipulation. This was a different kind of orgasm, one without the bucking, arching, screaming. In contrast, it was almost sedate but very intense and very wet, and very, very sensual. It reached down into her core. She rolled slowly down and laid her head down near my cock. She needed to catch her breath and decelerate.

We lay quietly for a few minutes and then she gently sucked my crown, just taking in the head. My cock had softened but a few swipes of her tongue made it rise and to prepare for lift-off. After a few minutes, she began to gently stroke my shaft. It was so loving, I could feel her emotions surging.

"Oh....that's nice."

"I love your cock. It feels so right, so good."

She continued with her soft, gentle ministrations. Her sucking was even softer and more affectionate. I could feel the head surging with blood and tingling. She took all the way down a few times and then licked my pee-hole. She cupped my balls and caressed them. She seemed to be taking her time while thoroughly exploring and discovering my organ. I couldn't take this much longer. She was doing tricks with her tongue like she had the point of her tongue just under the crown where the vein reaches. Damn, that felt so good. I began to rock. I could feel my cum pushing up the shaft like a lava flow about to erupt.

"I'm cumming. Just a little more"

She looked up at me as my cock began to pump it's cream. Not an explosive orgasm, this one seemed to flow out of me in a steady cum stream, sort of oozing out. It was a full load but slowly spooging out and dribbling. It also seemed to last a long time. I felt a total release in that my entire body felt immediate release. Elaine continued to milk me until there was no more.

She climbed up to my face and kissed me with a mouthful of cum. We swapped it and rolled it around our tongues. And then we were quiet again.

"That was a very soulful blow job, Elaine. Very nice. Thank you."

"No, thank you, Ray Man. I really liked that. I was so into your cock. And my orgasm! Damn, it was so intense...it was visceral! So deep!" She shook her head in wonder. "You know, before you, a cock was like a toy to me. But with you, I like it my mouth, on my tongue...I even like the taste of your cum. You must have a good diet. Your cock isn't a toy, it's the real thing, it's a magic wand."

I laughed at the absurdity of her last statement. She rolled on. "I'm excited about tomorrow. I want to see you suck cock. I want to see what your technique is like. And I want my first taste of a woman. I'm really excited to go down on her. By the way, what is her name?"

"I call her "Nursey". Her real name is Rose. She doesn't like to use names, she likes to play with anonymity, she thinks it's sexy... sort of Last Tango in Paris."

"Are you nervous about tomorrow?"

"Nervous? No. Tomorrow will be good. Opening a person and allowing him to realize what it is that makes him a total person, is exciting. I hope he enjoys himself and feels comfortable with us."

She looked at the still drying painting which was visible through the bedroom door. "That is so great. I can see myself in it. It is such a sexy pose. I've never posed before. I look so sexy."

"You are so sexy. You don't know that? I didn't come close to doing you justice. Let's get dressed and take it over to Zara."

"No, I want it."

"I'll paint another for you. One that's even sexier."

We started to dress. "You take it over there. I'm going back to the store. I'll meet you at Tee's Diner in two hours, okay?"

As we were leaving, she turned to me and kissed me. It was a deep kiss. I felt trust. I felt good.

Zara was over her head in love with my painting. "It's big. It will fill a good part of the wall." A quirk. She's a size queen. "I like it and it will sell quickly. That how nudes sell. The model is beautiful and sexy. How about ten thousand dollars?"

"You know best. I'm thinking of doing a series."

"And I can sell them all. Number them." I consigned the painting and left feeling very satisfied. I'd never done a painting that went from studio to gallery so fast. Now let's see it sell.

I spent the time driving around aimlessly. I drove down to the ocean and watched the waves for a while. I sketched the birds dancing on the dunes. I drove up to the bay and watched the rollers; an entirely different ecosystem. I saw a pod of dolphins off in the distance. I became introspective. I was living a good existence. Things were coming together with a synchronicity that was eminently gratifying. I just had to enjoy ride for as long as I had gas, so to speak. Also, and this was a recent thing, I was being stuffed with cunt. How good was this?

I wove back into town and met Elaine. We had a quiet and simple dinner. Bacon, Swiss Cheese and Tomato on Grilled Rye, Fries. Yum. She went home to prepare herself and catch an early bedtime. It occurred to me that I liked her. I mean it. I like her.

I had a quiet night. Cliff came over and we jammed for a while, tossing around some ideas. After he left, I straightened out the house and then nestled in bed watching a good/dumb Judd Apatow movie until I passed out.

I awoke early feeling fully rested. With no little arthritic pains, I hit the shower. Over coffee and a bagel, I checked my email. I had several hours until my playmates came by. I spent the time exercising, doing outside chores. My house was looking pretty good. "Well it should," I thought, "I have sunk enough fucking money in it!" But it did look very good. People liked to come over and hang. Like me, the house had a easygoing ambiance. The house was actually a reflection of my lifestyle. Very fucking good.

At eleven-thirty, Elaine pulled in. Looking very perky, she wore a pretty sundress. As she got out of the car, she shot me a not-so-subtle beaver. Commando. "You look like Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farms and Mustang Ranch."

"Rebecca never had what I got," she teased.

"You can say that again."

She came in and went directly to the hot tub which she turned on. "I wanna get this party started!" Just then Nursey and Eric pulled in. He drove a deep, deep blue Bently Mulsanne. I was impressed. I saw Elaine's eyes sparkle. "Goody, goody!"

I met them at the door with a big smile. My first look at Eric was a big surprise. I knew him from seeing him around town but also, I knew him from my nude beach excursions. Yes, that's where I'd seen him. I think a look of recognition passed over his face.

"Come in, come in. Welcome to my house, Eric." I gave Nursey a kiss. Elaine came running into the living room and stopped dead in her tracks. "This is my girlfriend, Elaine. Elaine?"

"Hello, Dr. Feldman. Hello, Rose. I'm surprised – and delighted – that it's you guys!"

"So you know each other?"

"Yes, Rose is a longtime customer and Dr. Feldman is my father's internist. It's a small world."

"Call me Eric, Elaine."

"So – obviously, since we all know each other, let me remind all of you that what happens inside these four walls, stays here. This is our secret playroom, right? Right. Now, how about some wine?" I poured a light Provencal and we walked out to the deck.

"How is your Dad, Elaine? I haven't seen him in some time. He's well, I assume?"

Elaine was a bit taken by Eric. I noticed the sexy way the stood as she conversed. "My parents are fine and happy down in Palm Beach. He has his golf and Mother has her organizations and her tennis instructor. They never come up here anymore for the summer."

"Well, please tell them I said 'hello' and he should see Dr. Spengler for a check up. Your dad can be cranky and he's getting on...tell him Doctor's Orders!"

"I'll relay the message but..." She shrugged as if to say that he probably wouldn't listen.

I wanted to change the Doctor/Patient thing. It wasn't on the day's agenda. The hot tub was bubbling in the bright sunshine. As the air was about sixty-five degrees, it was perfect. I walked over to the tub, casually stripped off my clothes and slid in. It was time to play, we could get to know each other later. Rose and Elaine followed my lead. Elaine stretched and gave us all a preview. Eric was the last to strip and he did so hesitantly. Finally, he dipped into the tub as Elaine and I inspected him. His tall, lanky six-foot frame was in good athletic shape, he was good looking and most of all, his eight-inch circumcised cock with its large flared head looked delectable.
