 My husband Steve and I have been married for seven years. We both have ravenous sexual appetites. At the start of our relationship we agreed to always share our deepest sexual desires and fantasies with one another. This was our way of keeping our bedroom life from becoming stale.

We’ve had many erotic adventures over the past seven years: from golden showers and bondage, to engaging in a threesome with my best friend Kim. All of the experiences were extremely pleasurable, but seven years and numerous sex-scapades later, I still had the nagging feeling that Steve had never been truly satisfied the way he would like to be.

The feeling grew even stronger for me after Steve returned from a weekend trip with his friends, Marcus and Dan. Dan had somehow managed to get his hands on some tickets to a pro- baseball game, and naturally Marcus and Steve jumped at the chance to go.

After three nights of sleeping alone in our big king size bed, I was more than ready for Sunday night to arrive. When I saw Dan’s car pull into our driveway, and I heard Steve’s familiar call of “I’ll catch you guys later,” I set my plan into motion.

I searched through our box of toys, and I found a pair of edible panties. I slipped them on and prayed that my quivering thighs wouldn’t cause the tender strings of licorice to snap before their time. I grabbed a can of whipped cream from the fridge and my fuzziest blanket and made myself comfortable on the sofa.

When Steve opened the door, it was like seeing him for the first time again. His t-shirt clung to his muscular arms and abs like I so desperately wanted to. His bronze arms seemed to explode with sinewy muscle as he picked up both of his suitcases and set them in the foyer. I could see the faint outline of a hard on through his snug fitting jeans, and I knew he would love what I had in store for him.

As he came over and leaned into me, the weight of his body sent shivers down my spine. We shared a welcome home kiss, and I couldn’t wait any longer. I peeled back my blanket to reveal myself spread eagle, nude- except for my edible panties-awaiting Steve’s rock hard cock to fill me up.

Steve let out a gentle moan as his lips continued to massage mine. His right hand found my breast and my back arched in feline like fashion. As I arched my back even farther, to offer my rock hard nipples to his waiting lips, he backed away suddenly. He covered me back up with my blanket, and he sweetly brushed my hair away and kissed me on my forehead.

He told me I looked beautiful lying there, but tonight, more than anything, he wanted to simply lie in bed and fall asleep holding me. 

I knew that we agreed to always be honest concerning our sexual feelings, but just for tonight I wished he would have thrown honesty to the wind and just fucked me.

I fell asleep that night with his strong arms around me, and I soon forgot my disappointment earlier.

At four a.m. I was awakened by sounds in the bathroom. I turned over to wake Steve and have him go check things out, but he was nowhere in sight. I eased out of bed, went over to the slightly ajar bathroom door, and peeked in.

Steve was rummaging through his suitcase he had brought home earlier. He pulled out a blue t-shirt and held it up. The initials SJH were stamped on the front. I knew I’d seen the shirt before, and at that moment I realized where. SJH stood for Spartan Junior High; the school where Marcus taught science and coached the basketball team.

Steve held the shirt to his face and inhaled deeply. He suddenly bent over slightly, slipped off his underwear, and sat down on the toilet with his legs open wide.

He firmly grasped what was now the biggest erection I’d ever seen him have. He began to jack off like a mad man was holding a gun to his head and daring him to miss one stroke. All the while he held the shirt to his face and inhaled deeply with his eyes closed. He began to moan, and I couldn’t clearly make out what he was saying, but I’m sure at some point he said: “Oh yeah baby, fuck my hole.”

I continued to watch as he quickly shot a load of hot semen into the nice blue shirt. I turned and quietly scurried back into bed. I knew then what I had to do.

The next day while Steve was at work I decided to call Marcus. I knew him well enough to know that any man who told my husband where to find harnesses and handcuffs cheap had to be a pretty open minded guy.

I started out our conversation innocently enough. Asking if he’d enjoyed his weekend trip. I could tell he wondered why I was calling, so I told him there was no reason to beat around the bush. I reminded him of the sexual openness that Steve and I enjoyed in our marriage, and he said he recalled Steve telling them that. He had thought Steve was one lucky bastard, he said. I couldn’t think of a really tactful way to put it, so I just blurted it out.

“Would you be interested in watching Steve and I get it on?”

I couldn’t believe I’d just said “get it on”, but it seemed a bit more ladylike than “fuck.”

There was a slight pause on the line, followed by a gasp, and then Marcus’s eager response.

“Oh yes! I’d love to see that tight pussy get banged, and watch those sweet little freckled titties shake.” 

The line went silent again, but it was soon broken by Marcus, who said he thought he was going to launch into orbit right there.

We continued our talk and I shared a few more details with him. Before long we’d made plans for the following weekend, and I couldn’t wait.

I teased Steve all week about the surprise I had waiting for him on Friday night. He seemed intrigued by it all, but at times I caught him looking at me with a raised eyebrow of suspicion.

I assured him that this was nothing like some of my previous surprises; and, in particular, it was nothing like the time I got a new car without telling him.

By the time Friday evening rolled around I was ready to explode. I took a nice, long bubble bath and prepared myself for the events of the night.

At eight p.m., as I noticed Steve was getting a little fidgety, I asked him to run out and rent a video. I told him I’d planned a romantic evening at home and to hurry back. He seemed pleased that my surprise wasn’t going to cost him anymore than a two dollar rental fee, and he happily went on his way.

I phoned Marcus and told him to hurry up and get to the house while Steve was out. I went to the bedroom and prepared everything. When Marcus arrived, I shoved him into the bathroom and told him to wait there until his cue.

When Steve came back, I met him at the door wearing nothing but an open robe. I took the video from his hand and threw it on the sofa and led him to our bedroom.

I dropped my robe and lay down on the bed. I spread my arms and legs wide for Steve to climb inside. I looked into his eyes, and with all of the sexiness I could muster in my anticipatory state, I told him to take me.

He quickly undressed and slid himself on top of me. His mouth found my tender nipples, and he began to suck. I allowed myself to lose control for only a moment, and then I said: “Now it’s time for your real surprise. We have a voyeur with us tonight.”

Right on cue, Marcus came out of the bathroom. I felt Steve’s body tense up atop mine.

Marcus sat down in the chair I’d placed in the corner. Steve looked dumbstruck. Marcus sat there, completely naked, and I knew it was up to me to get things started.

“So Steve,” I said, “How do you like your little surprise?”

“Oh I love it!” He gushed. “There’s nothing I like better than performing for an audience; that really gets me going.”

He continued to suck on my nipples, and I could feel the head of his cock separating my pussy lips, looking for my moist hole.

I whispered into his ear that there was more of his surprise to come.

I motioned for Marcus to come join us. Marcus stood by the bed watching Steve, and I handed him a condom. He slipped it over the head of his enormous cock, and it was stretched so tightly it all but disappeared. 

“Steve.” I said sweetly. “Marcus and I had a little talk and we think we know just what you need.”

Marcus began to rub the head of his cock on the same nipple that Steve was working over. He guided it with his hand and made small circular motions. With two handsome men at my whim, I thought for a moment that I would just lose myself in ecstasy, but I knew the best was yet to come.

Steve raised his head, and as he was going back down for another taste of my nipple, Marcus intercepted and slid the head of his cock ever so slightly into Steve’s mouth.

Steve drew back with a look of embarrassment, but Marcus pulled his head forward and held his throbbing cock out and told Steve to suck it.

Steve wrapped his lips around Marcus’s thick shaft and began to work it. He squeezed Marcus’s balls and every now and then he would go down and give them a quick lick and a suck.

I was rubbing my marble sized clit, and just when I was about to cum, Marcus pulled his cock out of Steve’s mouth and stared directly into his eyes.

Steve had a look in his eyes like a starving man staring at a prime rib. 

Marcus said, “I want to fuck you. I want to slide this in your ass.”

Steve lost all control. His arms began to shake and he just lay down on top of me.

He reached for the KY Jelly on the nightstand, but his hands were shaking so badly he knocked it over instead.

Marcus bent over to pick it up and his bare ass was only inches from Steve’s face. Steve’s cock was inside me, and I just knew I could feel it growing.

Marcus lubed up his cock and got on the bed behind Steve. He put his hands on Steve’s hips and pulled him ever so slowly. 

“Man just fuck it, it’s wide open,” Steve moaned.

I felt a hard thrust, then another, then another. Steve was screaming in pleasure, and it was only a moment before Marcus and I joined him. 

Every shove of Marcus’s big cock into Steve’s tight asshole, sent Steve’s rock hard cock ramming into me.

For the next ten minutes, I knew what heaven must be like.

Marcus was the first to let it blow.

“Oh god, here it comes Steve. Oh yeah man, right in your hole.”

Marcus’s body began to jerk and Steve’s soon followed. I felt his hot load shoot up inside me. I was rubbing my clit and worked myself to my second orgasm.

We all lay there in such a tangle for a while. Our hot bodies glistening with sweat. When we all managed to sit upright I was the first one to speak.

“Oh man was that ever good!”

I looked over in the bed expecting to see two satisfied faces, but Steve and Marcus both lay there snoring, bellies up.

I laid there knowing that there was a joke somewhere in all of this. Not just one, but two men falling asleep on me. 

I eventually slipped into never-never land with them; I had a mind full of dreams of the next time Marcus would come visit.