 PART 2: Consequences

***

Sunday morning we awoke to the smell of pancakes. We probably would have slept in a bit longer if Francine did not start banging pots and pans three inches from my head, but I guess she wanted us to enjoy the breakfast she'd made before it got cold. My arm was rather sore from Catherine using it as a pillow all night, but I readily decided that she was worth it. She nuzzled against my chest and refused to get up until Francine came back to pull her off of me.

Jimmy staggered out of the bathroom a minute later, the pain of hangover evident on his face. An hour later, fed to satisfaction, the four of us had cleaned up the evidence of last night's events and were sitting around rather awkwardly, unsure of exactly what to say. All four of us were attached, and yet we had just engaged in a four-way orgy last night. The question was what to do now? None of us knew. Instead, we drove back to the bar to retrieve our various vehicles and drove home. Before we left, I promised Catherine I would call her.

***

I returned home to a visibly angry Kelly. She wanted to know where I had been all night since I obviously did not come home, nor even called her. I had turned off my cell phone at the bar, and never turned it back on. I told her truthfully that I had gone out drinking, and crashed at Jimmy's. It devolved into the usual fight. I still have no idea how she can remember every little mistake I've made for the past four years.

"Well, remember that time you accidentally dropped my paper into the puddle while proofreading it for me sophomore year?"

Actually, I did not remember until she just brought it up right now. And what did that have to do with me staying out late last night? The argument kept going and going, and for once I was determined not to cave in. I felt like I'd caved in the last three trillion arguments we had. She always had to be right. And I always put the relationship ahead of the conflict. Preserving our relationship had always been more important to me than whatever stupid thing we were arguing about.

But not today. At long last I uttered the words I never thought I would. "I want to break up."

What came next was expected. She yelled. I yelled. She threw things. They hit me. Four and a half hours later, I was loading some clothes into my car. I would be back for the rest as soon as I found a new place to stay. In a big way, I was very sad. I was walking away from my partner of the last four years. In a way, I was relieved. I was free once again. I drove straight to Catherine's.

***

Catherine still lived at home with her parents. Alex was the one with the big mansion in the hills. Her shiny Mercedes looked rather out of place parked on the street amidst the used Toyota's and Buick's in her lower-middle-class neighborhood. When I knocked, her parents let me in. We had met on a few occasions. Catherine was relaxing in her room, listening to music and writing in her diary. I asked if she would go for a ride with me, and soon we were cruising down the freeway, going nowhere. She looked beautiful.

It was late afternoon and the sun would be setting soon. We stopped by a Starbucks and I bought her a Cafe Mocha. We got to the beach, still relatively busy on this late summer Sunday. We took off our shoes and walked hand in hand along the surf, just talking to each other. To this point, we had deftly avoided conversation about "us." We were still the same good friends we had always been, and if not for the fact that she was holding my hand, I might have thought that last night had never happened. Our feet were wet and the sun was casting out a brilliant red-orange glow in its final moments when I told her "I broke up with Kelly today."

She stopped in her tracks and turned a hesitant gaze towards me. "It wasn't because of me, was it? I don't want to be the person who ruined another woman's relationship."

Tough question to answer. "Well, yes and no. We had been dying a little bit every day, you knew that. But what happened last night and with Francine last week just sort of put the final nails in the coffin."

"So now you're free. Now you're available." There was a faint glimmer of hope in her voice.

"Yes, I am."

Catherine said nothing, but looked down thoughtfully, and we kept walking until we reached a rock formation that extended the cliffline out into the water. There were hordes of large boulders we could hop across and walk out over a natural little pier. I held her hand for balance as we scrambled across, before sitting down on some comfortable looking boulders. We just watched the last rays of the sun disappearing beyond the horizon in silence. The salt air blew by in a cool wind, blowing back her hair. She looked so beautiful.

She tilted her head back and drained the last of her Cafe Mocha, and I reached out to hold the cup for her. Then it looked like she had sorted out a few things in her head, and was now ready to re-enter the conversation.

I reached out, and held her hands in mine. "Catherine, I want to know. Am I only a friend to you? Or is there a chance that we can become something more?"

She started crying at that moment, tears of joy, and I leaned forwards to cradle her head against my chest. She reached her arms around me in a tight hug, and we rocked back and forth just enjoying the feeling of our embrace. She looked up into my face, her teary eyes glowing with happiness. I lowered my face to hers, and then we were kissing with overflowing passion bursting from our bodies and melding together. For one brief moment, we were the only two people in the universe, and my heart was filled with a joy I'd never believed possible. When she finally pulled back, she looked deep into my eyes and whispered, "I love you, Michael."

I just beamed back at her, "I love you, too." And I kissed her again. The sunset was now a fiery red, and soon the sky began to darken.

We gradually picked ourselves up and returned to my car. I was dreaming of our future. Of quiet romantic moments. Of family, of a home. Of the two of us, of course, in my bed. And all of these dreams had Catherine right in the middle of them. We ate dinner together and were talking animatedly. We laughed and we cried. We were perfect for one another.

After dinner we drove up into the hills, to a spot I had discovered back in college. It was a secluded grove just off the highway, with a wondrous view of the city lights below. We made love in my backseat, something I had not done in years. On this night, with Catherine's sweet face shining at me in the soft moonlight, I had hope.

***

I let Catherine decide how she would break up with Alex, and how she would break the news to her parents. They had been so hopeful for her marrying into a wealthy family. I wanted to be there with her for support at every step, including face-to-face with Alex, but she said she wanted to do it alone. I spent the night at Jimmy's, who immediately grilled me about our budding relationship. He peppered me with questions about how much I loved Catherine and if I was aware of the pitfalls of getting involved with one of your friends. "It's impossible for men and women to be friends. The sex part always gets in the way." If for some reason it didn't work out, I probably would never again have the same level of friendship with Catherine.

He also thought I smart for breaking away from a controlling committed relationship, but even more stupid for jumping right into another committed relationship. I told him that I wasn't jumping right in. We were going to take it slow, and just let it evolve.

Monday morning. I was engrossed with some important analysis numbers on my monitor when I felt the unmistakable sensation of soft lips caressing my cheek. I turned my head and lit up into a smile at Catherine's sweet face just an inch from mine. She leaned in and kissed me, and when she pulled back she started tugging on my hand. "Come on, loverboy."

Maybe those analyses weren't so important after all. I quickly got up and followed her down the hallway. We stepped into an elevator and quickly rose up to Catherine's floor. Biodyne had done some restructuring of the company in the recent economic downturn, and fully half of the floor she worked on had been abandoned. That abandoned section appeared to be our destination, and my mind was suddenly filled with the possibilities for what we could do together in the privacy of the empty section.

When we entered into an abandoned visitor's lounge I found that even my imagination could not keep up with the real possibilities. Francine was already fully naked, and quickly closed the door behind us before launching herself at Catherine. I leaned back against the door and sighed with contentment as Francine thrust her bosom into Catherine's equally fine chest and thrust her tongue into Catherine's gaping mouth. I stood back and watched them kissing as Francine began to strip of Catherine's clothing. Although I had seen every inch of both of their bodies in the past few days, I found my erection getting even harder and tenting my pants as each part of Catherine's body was slowly revealed to me.

I stripped off my own clothes in a hurry, and looked up just in time to see the last of Catherine's pantyhose slipping off her legs. Catherine looked up at me with a sheepish grin and a hand covering her mouth in embarrassment. She looked to Francine. "That wasn't part of the plan."

Francine's eyes flashed with arousal. "Oh, I know, I just felt like kissing you on my own! Besides, it seems to have gotten your boyfriend really turned on!"

She was right, I was now fully naked with my hard-on jutting proudly out towards the two beautiful naked women. At this, Francine stalked up to me, then sank to her knees and in one gulp took most of my length down her throat. I groaned out in pleasure but my eyes cautiously looked up to Catherine. She just had a silly grin on her face, and was waving her hand, telling me to go for it. There were a couple of couches still in this lounge, and she retreated back to one of them, spreading her legs wide to let me see her fingering her own cunt.

As great as Francine's blowjob was, I couldn't let Catherine stay back there all by herself. Gently tugging at Francine's head, I pulled her off of me and moved towards the couch. I took Catherine's hand and then lay down on the floor before her. "I don't want you to wear out your fingers. Come let me do that for you!"

Giggling at me, she sank to her knees on either side of my head, lowering her steaming cunt to my face. Francine quickly got the idea and resumed her furious blowjob, kneeling next to me and descending her hot lips over and again along my stiff rod. I felt such a rush as my greatest fantasy was now coming true. I eagerly jammed my tongue up Catherine's slit, causing a fresh burst of moans to tumble out of her mouth as I watched her whole body shaking above me. This of course produced a sensual wiggle in her heaving tits, which only turned me on even further. I introduced two fingers deep into Catherine's box at the same time my lips nibbled down harder onto her engorged clit, and was rewarded with her honey gushing out to coat my hand as she moaned out her first orgasm of the day.

Apparently Francine wanted to get her own pleasure in on the action, and holding me upright, lowered her snatch down upon my upturned staff. When she had slowly lowered herself halfway, my hips bucked upwards, impaling her the rest of the way in one thrust, her own shrieks joining the cacophony of noise with Catherine's continuing orgasm. The three of us continued to rock and buck, my head furiously attacking Catherine's pussy and love button while Francine was riding me hard. She had wrapped her arms about Catherine's body before her, squeezing and caressing Cat's firm globes and teasing her friend's nipples.

After what felt like hours I was only beginning to tire from my constant motion. I had found that my repeated sexual encounters with Francine last week as well as this past weekend with both girls had vastly improved my stamina. Sex is good for muscle tone. I could sense that I was nearing the edge and the sudden erratic motion of Francine atop my dick informed me that she was close as well. I renewed my assault on Catherine's pleasure centers with renewed vigor, intent on bringing her off again as well.

Francine was then suddenly screaming, her hips slamming down upon me with incredible force as she also wrapped up Catherine in her arms holding her tightly as her climax shot through her body. The rush and the pressure of her cunt climaxing with my rod embedded inside of her was enough to send me over the edge, and I was soon coating her insides with my hot, white, and sticky cum. The pleasure coursing through my veins tensed up my whole body, and then Catherine was joining us in simultaneous release as my fingers plunged into her and my lips clamped down around her clit.

When we all finally collapsed off of each other, we lay silent across the floor, panting and working to catch our breath. Francine lifted herself up and onto a couch, her legs spread wide allowing us to see the milky jizz oozing out of her swollen cunt. "Catherine..." she purred. "Come up here."

Her voice was silky sweet, and Catherine soon got on all fours, and began to crawl towards her friend. Oh, how I loved the view of Catherine's sweet ass sticking back at me and a fully naked vixen just on the other side of her.

"I know you want to taste this..." Francine was now reaching out to Catherine's head, and directing it downwards in between her legs.

Catherine hesitated first. It was clear that she had never done this before, and was unsure of whether or not to proceed. But then Francine's hand was pushing more insistently, and I groaned out with renewed arousal watching as Catherine's head began to bob in Francine's lap. I heard the slurping sounds that could only be my new love sucking my juices out of her best friend's box. And the way Francine's eyes rolled back and she sighed in pleasure indicated that Catherine was doing something right down there.

I was hard again in no time, and with Catherine on all fours before me I knew exactly what I had to do. I set myself behind Cat, my hands getting a solid grip on her hips as I aimed my spear at her still glistening pussy, and with a determined push sank my way into her.

I heard Catherine's muffled groan emanate from Francine's crotch as I pushed inside, and soon she was pushing back at me in earnest. We were soon pumping together, settling into a quick rhythm. Catherine's lips and tongue were sliding in more deeply into Francine's box with every push my hips made against her ass. For her part, Francine was grabbing at Cat's hands, directing them up to grasp at her tits. There is nothing in the world more sexy than watching your dick reaming out a woman's pussy while she's eating out and pawing another hot babe. I reached down to cup Catherine's swaying boobs in my hands, using them as handholds to pull her even more tightly about me.

Francine was screaming out every other moment. This may have been the first time Catherine had ever eaten out another pussy, but she obviously knew what buttons to push. As time went on, our thrusts began to speed up to a frantic pace. I had to move my hands back to Catherine's hips. She was bucking back with enough force to eject me out of her if I didn't hold myself in. At last she came, her hips writhing and shaking so much I felt I was screwing inside of a washing machine. Francine came shortly after, her legs clamping down so tightly around Catherine's head I thought she was suffocating her for sure.

Watching these two babes losing it finished me off, and my hips began the jerking that signaled my last few seconds of control. Francine was off of the couch in a second, and Catherine disengaged off of me as well. Just as I exploded they placed both of their exquisite faces before my swelling member. The head expanded and then burst, and I was spraying the two of them with a healthy load. The white juice flew everywhere, coating both of their faces from eyes to cheeks and even in their hair. I collapsed backwards to the floor from the exertion once I had finished. Then there was Francine literally tackling Catherine, her tongue extending out to lick up every droplet of my come off her friend's shining face.

I lay back on the floor, staring at the two of them licking and caressing each other. Fuck all my other office appointments. I had died and gone to heaven.

***

This Monday was closing in on six o'clock when the phone call came. I had been reminiscing about my sex romp with the girls that morning, and looking forward to an evening alone with my new love. Catherine was only a few floors above me, but the quiver in her voice on the phone suddenly made it feel as if she was miles away. "Mike, I'm going to have to cancel our plans for tonight."

"Why? What's wrong?"

"I just can't make it. I... have other things I need to take care of tonight."

"Okay, that's fine, honey. No problem. But can I ask what you need to do tonight?" I wanted to put as much reassurance into my voice as possible. My relationship with Catherine had just begun. There was no way I wanted to overpressure her or do anything to scare her off now.

There was a long silence. It seemed that Catherine was working up the nerve to say whatever it was she had to say. "I have a date with Alex tonight."

The first thing that went through my head was WHAT?, but I waited to see if there was any more to it. "Go on."

"Mike, I haven't told him about us yet. I haven't been able to find the right time, so I was planning on doing it over dinner tonight."

"Okay, you need your time to take care of this." I was disappointed about missing a night with her, but I knew it was for the best that she clear away her past first. On the other hand, this would be my first evening in a long time not spent with a beautiful woman. For all of our lost passion, I had still spent virtually every night with Kelly. Then my breakup with Kelly had been Saturday, but right away Catherine and I had found ourselves. So what to do tonight? Go and grab Jimmy and do the "Guy" thing.

***

Of course hanging out with Jimmy would result in spending the evening with beautiful women. I was thinking of turning on the PlayStation and spending a few hours attempting to kill each other. It was a work night, and we had to be at the office early the next morning.

Of course Jimmy would rather go pick up "chicks." And so we found ourselves at the local bar. For a Monday, the place was decently busy. And for the first time in years, I felt like a true bachelor. True, my relationship with Catherine was blossoming, but we were not together just yet, and she had not even broken up with her old boyfriend. So tonight was my night to be free.

Ten minutes after entering the front doors, Jimmy and his silver tongue had earned invitations from two girls who looked barely old enough to legally drink. It turned out I was right, as they were both students at one of the local Cal State schools. Alana and Alicia, both clear blue-eyed, long blond-haired beauties in your typical college student come-fuck-me outfits. As our conversation progressed, they did not appear to be the highly intellectual types. However, Jimmy and I were perfectly comfortable showering flirty attention upon them and buying them drinks, and they felt perfectly comfortable flirting right back and doing their best to drop in little sexual innuendos.

The rest of the night wasn't that important. Suffice it to say that we all got sufficiently hammered and Jimmy invited them back to his condo for a few more drinks in private. I, of course, was still staying with him until I found a new place. The girls followed us in their car. When we arrived, the girls automatically paired up with us, with arms wrapped around waists as we sauntered up the stairs.
