 The first time I was with another couple was in California. I worked at night as a musician, spent days running, biking, practicing. Occasionally I'd pick up a movie at the local adult store.

Adult store patrons are the same the world over: middle-aged married men, rendezvous-ing gay men, horny twenty-year-old gotta-get-off-NOW men (that was me). Drunks and druggies of all shapes and sizes. A prostitute or two. And the occasional nervous couple.

One such couple picked me up that particular fall day. They were paying for their movies as I was entering the store. Mid-20s, t-shirts and jeans, attractive in a science-and-math-geek kind of way. I came around an aisle to discover that they hadn't left, but rather were standing together off to the side of the register, whispering to each other.

When I turned the next aisle, the female half of the couple--lovely, light-brown-haired, un-made-up and all of four-and-a-half-feet tall--was suddenly there, walking past me. She made a point to catch my eye. Then leveled a devastating gaze, more invitation than greeting.

I glanced over at her boyfriend to see if this was "on the record." I can't tell you how many women used to wait until their date/boyfriend/husband's back was to the bandstand to offer up that same look while I was playing somewhere (men, take note). He was watching--but with pride, not jealousy.

Interesting.

"Nice to see a couple in here," I said, not sure exactly what was up.

She stopped and smiled. "We were just saying it was nice to see a normal looking guy in here."

"Normal LOOKING," I said. She laughed...and didn't show any signs of moving on.

"What are you guys renting?" I asked, almost simultaneous with her attempt at the same question.

She blushed, laughed. She was adorable. Sweet and nervous. Pale skin. Tiny. "Jimmy's got it." she shrugged. "Just random stuff." Pause. "Stuff we like." She looked toward Jimmy, then down again. "Here, it's easier to show you."

She headed toward her boyfriend, turned around to make sure I was following.

He was lanky, skinny, not a bad-looking guy. He appeared downright impressed with his girlfriend at that moment. She introduced herself--"Sam"--and her boyfriend, and I reciprocated. Then she took the paper bag that held their movies and opened it for me.


Jimmy wrapped his arm around Sam's shoulder, held her to him.

All amateur movies, back when they really were. Couples, threesomes, an orgy of California swingers.

"You found all the good stuff, man," I told them. "Exactly my style."

They both laughed, then looked at each other, clearly nervous now. Jimmy nodded at her, asking approval. She nodded back and looked down, cheeks flushed.

"Hey, D______," Jimmy said. "You doing anything right now? We're just going to be watching these, kicking back, nothing heavy. You ...you want to join us?"

OK, now I knew what was up, more or less. 

This was not the easy call it might have been later on. To me, a threesome then was two girls and a guy. And I'd only ever had one of those at that point (the one I write about in "First Threesome...But Not the Last" on this site). But she was really damned cute, and I certainly didn't mind the idea of watching her get fucked, whether it was me or someone else doing it (if that was, in fact, what was in the works). That's what I was renting movies for in the first place, right?

I said that sounded cool. Followed them to their condo. Watched their private whispers as they headed up the stairs in front of me. Admired the graceful cleft of Sam's compact ass as it peeked out from under her t-shirt, the soft white skin revealed by the pony tail she'd tied on the ride. Yes, this might be fine, I thought.

Jimmy got me a beer, showed me to the couch. Left me there for a few moments as they both headed to another room, presumably to check in with each other now that the other guy they'd talked about involving was actually there in their condo.

When they came back, Sam's hair was down again, freshly brushed. She was wearing her "stay at home" shorts, revealing smooth white legs, dotted with an occasional nick from shaving. She dropped a quick, shy smile on me and sat cross-legged on the couch to my left, staring somewhere straight ahead. Jimmy got himself a beer, picked through the movies, and dropped one in the VCR. Sat back against the arm of the couch, one leg on the floor, one behind Sam. She leaned over against him, he wrapped an arm around her.

He started the movie.

Ugly couple first. Fast forward. Unattractive sex at high speed, some nervous laughs and unkind comments. Next segment, two women. Nice, but one of them has pimples all over her ass and back and we can't get past it. Fast forward again.

Cute young couple. Finally. We settle in. The couple in the film kisses, grinds. The woman takes the man's pants off, gets him hard, starts to suck him. Nice. I feel the air in the room get closer as we all seem to be enjoying this one.

She pulls tight the skin on the man's cock and sucks him fast and deep. I start to get hard. I hear Sam breathe deep, glance over to see her lightly running her tongue over one of Jimmy's fingers.

And then...the guy in the movie cums. Right there, no fucking, no nothing. The girl swallows, they laugh an "aren't we cute" laugh together, and the end credits roll.

What?!!?

Louder unkind comments, sharper nervous laughter. Jokes about amateur movies and some fierce oh-man-if-that-was-me-ing.

Jimmy visibly adjusts himself in his pants before getting up to change the movie. Drops another video in. Gets more beer for us as the movie rolls. The threesome flick. Better choice.

Sam pulls her knees up to her chest, tightening her graceful calves. Rests her head on her knees. Jimmy sits on the back of the couch, one leg on either side of Sam. I lean back with a foot on the coffee table, watching the first scene.

Two girls and a guy. A nice scene. Jimmy asks if I've ever done that. I say yes, and they both turn to me. I tell them about my recent ex and the woman from work. They look at each other, Jimmy says, "Sweet." Sam nods, lets her eyes graze down my body a bit before turning back to the movie.

Jimmy slips down to nestle behind Sam, she rests her arms on his bent legs.

On screen, one of the women is lying back on top of the man while he fucks her. The other woman is licking the first one's clit, cupping the guy's balls. When Sam sees this, she breathes in, scrapes her nails down Jimmy's thighs against his jeans, squeezes his legs, looks back at him.

She whispers to him. "That's hot." They kiss a bit, take each other's hands, turn back to the movie.

By this time, I'm fully hard. Even with my left leg raised to rest on the coffee table, it's clear there's a bulge against the front of my jeans. I hope no one minds. At this point I'm pretty sure they don't.

Next segment, two guys and a girl. Sam leans back harder against Jimmy, clearly looks over at the front of my jeans, stares for a moment, takes another deep breath. Jimmy wraps his arms all the way around her, nuzzles her a bit. She watches the screen.

Here's the thing. The scene is terrible. The guys look bored, the woman is unsatisfied. Fake sounds, bad sex. The air in the room starts cooling off.

"Fuck this," Jimmy says, and suddenly clicks the TV off.

"It's OK, baby," Sam says. She kisses him. Doesn't pull away. Kisses deeper. He whispers to her. She turns and looks at him. "You sure?" I hear her say. I can tell that he's saying he is. With that, shy Sam moves toward me, kneels next to me on the couch, places one hand over my cock and kisses me. Tentatively at first, then more deeply. Explores the shape of my cock with her hand.

She pulls lightly away. "Is this OK?" she says. I tell her it is. She gets that shy look again. "It's my birthday," she says.

That did it. I decide that Sam is going to have the birthday of her life. I sit up, kneel facing her, we kiss again, bodies making full contact. Jimmy moves behind her, and she writhes between us. I feel Jimmy's hands cupping her breasts. I run my hands down to her legs, slip them up under her shorts, cup her small ass cheeks. She leans back to kiss Jimmy and I flick my tongue over her neck. My cock is pulsing, and I realize she still has her hand around it through my jeans. Her other arm is behind her, presumably doing the same thing to Jimmy. I reach down the front of her shorts, find the waistband of her panties, pull up in short pulses, tightening it against her clit and pussy lips. She rocks her hips in rhythm with this.

Jimmy pulls her shirt off and she gets momentarily shy again. I hold her face, kiss her, take my own shirt off. She runs her hand straight down my chest and undoes my pants. Pushes me back. Leans down and grabs my cock, just looking at it. Jimmy takes his shirt off and kisses her back. She looks back at him, holding my cock. He nods, apparently telling her yes, she can suck it.

Which she does with a vengeance. She is not polished--there are teeth here and there, none of the grace of pacing that some women have--but her excitement at sucking a strange guy's cock is palpable. Jimmy peels her shorts off, kisses her ass, rubs his hand between her legs. She reaches back for his cock, brings him around. He stands next to the couch, and she strokes him while she sucks me, strokes me while she sucks him. She looks him in the eye while she takes my cock far into her mouth, then looks up at me for my response, which comes in the form of a deep and sincere "fuck!"

She works me a bit more, then I lay her back to go down on her. She is trimmed and sweet smelling. I realize she's sprayed perfume down there. I wonder if even Jimmy knows that yet. She sucks her boyfriend while I turn my attention to her clit, then slip a finger inside her, then another, and find that fine fingerprint of ridged skin on the top wall of her vagina. Begin stroking it with my fingertips. She lets out a yelp, and I'm guessing this is something new. I keep going, her clit in my mouth, flicking my tongue over her on the outside while my fingers work directly beneath it on the inside.

She begins hitting my head with her hand, breathing hard through her nose, moaning with her boyfriend's cock in her mouth. She takes it out, holds it, looks up at him as her breath quickens, then down at me. In a flash her head goes back and she begins breathing out lovely ice-pure peals of pleasure. Comes around my fingers, against my lips. Looks up at Jimmy and laughs. Looks down at me and says, "Wow."

Jimmy and I switch positions. He arranges himself above her and starts to move into her. She runs one hand down to guide his hip. I kneel next to her and wrap my arms around her, kiss her as she gets fucked. She reaches down and tugs at my cock, strokes it. It's a first for me, holding a woman while someone else is fucking her. I like it. I kiss her neck, her jawline, her ear. Hold her breasts, pull a nipple into my mouth. Then slide a hand down to where Jimmy is moving into her.

I don't know how close to get. I admit to being squeamish at the time about incidental contact with his dick. Finally I see her head drop back in anticipation of another man's finger's on her clit while her boyfriend fucks her, and I know I need to go for it. A birthday gift. I move my hand further, find her clit, rub her. Yeah, make some occasional contact. The world doesn't stop, bombs don't fall, I don't turn gay. She lifts her head up, lets it fall back again. Has a death-grip on my cock, tugging on it for all she's worth.

Jimmy flips her over, expertly slips a pillow between her and the couch, and pushes in to her from behind. I sit in front of her, and she rests on her elbows, taking my cock between her hands. Slips it in and out of her mouth. Nuzzles it, licks it, strokes it, squeezes it, sucks it some more. Stops here and here to put her head down and just get fucked, but never letting it go.

Jimmy leans forward, whispers to her again. She nods and pushes her ass up against him, fucking him back. Another whisper. She whimpers yes and fucks back up to him harder.

He pulls out. Looks at me and motions toward her. "Sam would like you to fuck her, D______."

She looks quickly up at me and then down, that lovely shy sexiness of hers.

I take her face in my hands, look her in the eye.

"Anything special you'd like, birthday girl?"

She immediately climbs up and straddles me, pulls me inside her, starts grinding against me. She's tiny, tight, nimble. I pull out a bit and angle myself to find that same spot inside her, grind in circles against it. She moans. I think, "Wow, being on top is that novel that this is what she wants for her birthday?"

Then I realize that I'm a dope. I feel movement between my legs. Jimmy. Kneeling behind her. Pulls her head back, pushes her up and down on me. And presses his cock down against her ass.

This is what she wanted.

I feel him push into her ass, just the head. Waits there for her to open for him. She breathes deeply, presses her head against my chest. He squeezes some lubrication onto both of them--no idea where it came from. Some of it drips onto me.

Then Jimmy pushes farther into her ass, and I realize this is going to take some logistics. I pull out, let him push in. When I feel him pull out, I push back into her. We work out a pretty good rhythm, and start fucking her this way.

Sam is elsewhere--sent over the edge. Her eyes don't appear to be focusing. She's smiling a blank smile, lost in the moment. She leans down and kisses me, a wide open, desperate kiss. Rocks her body against both of ours. Gets a look of intense concentration, then finds a circular movement with her ass that gets my cock in her pussy with one gyration, her boyfriend's in her ass with the next.

I reach down and slip my middle finger between her and me, rub her clit as we fuck. Jimmy is holding her hips and driving hard into her ass. He reaches around to her mouth, slips a finger in, and I watch her suck his finger like it's a cock. I start driving into her harder from below, moving my finger faster against her.

Jimmy takes one of her breasts and literally pushes it into my mouth. "Bite her," he says. I take her between my teeth, bite down, tug. She moans loadly. I scrape her nipple with my teeth, suck her back in and bite again. He knows his girlfriend: this seems to change things for her, sends her over an edge. Her body starts trembling and she begins a long moan. I keep her clenched between my teeth, push my cock far into her with each thrust, press my finger harder against her clit.

Then, with short, breathy, musical gasps, she comes, collapsing onto me and breathing aftershocks in mossy bursts into my ear.

Jimmy pulls out, and she slowly climbs off of me. She sits me up against the back of the couch and sucks my cock again, still planting some teeth at the bottom of each stroke, but stroking me perfectly, pulling the skin tight like the woman in the movie. And I kind of like the teeth, if I'm honest. Jimmy is watching, that same proud look from the video store. Stands behind her and holds her hair back.

She works both hands around me, grasping me from both sides of my cock. I'm going to come, and I tell her so. She repeats the move from earlier, taking me deep into her mouth, until her lips hit the thick swell at the bottom. Keeps me there and moves her head back and forth. Pulses her lips around me until I can't take it. I shoot come down the throat of Jimmy's girlfriend. And she swallows it. Stays until there is no more.

Finally pulls off and turns around to Jimmy. He grabs the back of her head, and they slip into a familiar motion, him fucking her mouth in a way I wouldn't have anticipated when they were the nice young couple from the video store: both his hands on the back of her head. Both her hands up between his legs, cupping his ass. Him moving into her mouth. And then, with final push forward, he comes in her mouth too. Birthday girl swallows his sperm, rests her head against his thigh.

She reaches out and places her hand on my leg, runs it up my chest, then back down to casually cup my softening dick.

Jimmy works his way to the couch, sits down. Sam rests her head on his leg, looking toward me. She plays sweetly with my cock, strokes my balls. Savors her birthday gift of a second cock.

After a while, we get up, get dressed. Say appropriate goodbyes. Trade numbers and thank yous.

She gives me an especially sweet kiss on the way out, letting her hand linger on my chest.

We did not play again, although we did stay friends, of a sort. There was a dimension to the friendship that obviously wouldn't have been there without that afternoon, and I think we all felt that.

I have been with two other couples (as a threesome--others in foursomes) over the years. But there was something so fundamentally sweet about Sam and Jimmy and their shy sexuality that the others--good as they've been for their own reasons--have not yet quite stacked up.

As always, perhaps that's best left for another story.