 "One, two, three - drink!"

Sarah coughed as she drank the shot of sambuca in front of her, slamming the glass back onto the table at the same time as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hands. Some of the drink ran off her chin and down the top of her shirt.

"Don't waste it!" laughed Mark, putting his own empty glass down with a bang.

"I'll get it!" said Jake, leaning forward as if to pull Sarah's shirt off.

"Feel free." she said.

"Whatever, mate!" laughed Jake, "Pete's not here."

"Wouldn't matter if he was." said Sarah, suddenly not smiling so much.

Mark and Jake looked at each other. Pete was their friend, and had been Sarah's boyfriend for the past few months.

"Y'what?" said Mark, filling up the glasses again. Sarah grabbed her glass and swallowed it down straight away, then looked Mark straight in the eye.

"I never come with Pete. He's just... Well, I never do."

She looked down at the table, took Jake's full glass and drank that, spluttering slightly and dropping the now half-empty glass onto the sofa next to her.

"Steady, Sarah," said Jake. "You may have been left in charge of the pub but there's no need waste the stuff."

"Why can't you and Pete, you know..." started Mark, sipping at his own shot.

"Oh, he can." said Sarah. "Trust me on that one."

"But you?" asked Jake, bending down to pick up the fallen shot glass.

"Never. Well, hardly ever."

"What about if you, well, if you do it yourself?"

Sarah shook her head.

"I'm not really big on masturbation. I do do it, and I can come with a vibrator, but not very often with another guy."

Mark and Jake looked at each other as Sarah continued.

"I just never seem to get long enough - by the time I'm into it, it's all over. Maybe I need more than one guy."

Jake grinned at Mark, then at Sarah.

"Mate," he said to her, "We are not leaving this bar until your coming for Britain. Mark - go and lock the door."

Clapping his hands together, Mark got up and went to the front door of the pub, as Jake help Sarah slide forward on the sofa, then put his hands on her knees and opened her legs.

"We're not telling Pete, right?" he asked her.

"No!" said Sarah, impatient and exited at the thought of what was to come. "Do it, do it."

Hooking her panties over his thumb, Jake purposefully started to lick at her clit, pinning her down with his spare arm across her belly as she started to buck and squirm in front of him. She slid down the sofa, pulling her top off as she did so.

"Do you need a condom, Jay?" Mark asked as he walked toward the Gents.

"Uh-uh" replied Jake, moving his tongue downward into Sarah's wet fanny.

Sarah grabbed Mark's wrist as he walked past, and slid his hand under her bra. Mark cupped her little breast and gently squeezed her hard nipple between his third and forth finger.

"Give me your cock," said Sarah, shivering under the feel of Jake's tongue. "Put it in my mouth." She reached out and rubbed at the front of Mark's jeans.

"Wait," he said, taking his hand out of her bra. "I need to go and get a Johnny."

Checking his back pocket for change, Mark ran toward the gents.

"Jesus Jay, that feels great." gasped Sarah as Jay moved his tongue back up to her clit. "Christ, I'm going to be soaked."

She arched her back and unclipped her bra, sliding it off one shoulder before losing control in an a shudder as a wave of pleasure rode through her.

"Come on and fuck me now." she moaned, wriggling herself forward further on the sofa.

Jake looked up and wiped his mouth quickly with the back of his hand.

"Who's going first?" Jake asked the returning Mark with a grin, as he took his wallet out of his pocket. "D'ya want to paper/scissors/rock for it?"

"Nah," said Mark. "I've seen your cock - if I go first you won't be able to touch the edges."

"Yeah right," laughed Jake, tearing a condom packet open with his teeth as he undid his belt..

"Are you ready?" Sarah asked him, then laughed as Jake's hard cock sprang out of jeans.

"Looks that way," grinned Jake as his rolled the condom down his shaft. He put his hands on her hips, and placed the tip of his cock against the entrance to her wet pussy.

"Go on, go on." Sarah breathed, rubbing herself up against Jake bulging head. "Put it in, go on."

Jake gently pushed himself forward, making Sarah shut her eyes and twist her head to the side.

"That's good, oh, that's good, push it all the way in." Sarah insisted. Jake slowly obliged, sliding his cock deep into her eager fanny.

"Wait, hold it there a moment," said Sarah, letting out a long breath. "Okay. That's really nice."

She opened her eyes and looked at him.

"Now fuck me - fuck me hard."

Lifting her arse up from the sofa, Jake fucked Sarah with quick thrusts, their hips banging together rhythmically.

"Wait, wait" said Sarah. "I'm pretty bendy, look."

With that, she lifted her slim legs up and placed them over Jake's shoulders.

"That's what I'm talking about." said Jake, leaning back and sliding his whole length into her.

Mark sat on the arm of the sofa and gently rubbed Sarah's breasts, then held his hands just above them so the nipples brushed his palms as her little breasts wobbled up and down.

"Give me your cock." Sarah told him, pushing her tongue out a little bit as she did so.

"Wait, you impatient bugger!" laughed Mark, putting his big hands on her breasts and squeezing them hard. "Maybe this is why you never come - you're always in such a hurry!"

She pulled a face at him, then relaxed into Jake's rhythm, moving with him and squeezing her thighs together to increase the pressure on his cock.

"Hell yes," Jake moaned, "That is a nice little pussy. That is an excellent little pussy."

It was such an excellent little pussy that Jake could feel himself getting close to the edge. Her tight, slippery hole seemed to be sucking at his cock, and suddenly he found himself really wanting to come.

"You want a go, mate?" he asked Mark with a grin.

"Hell, yes!" said Mark, standing up from the arm of the sofa and undoing his jeans.

"Christ!" said Sarah as Mark stepped out of his trousers. "That's quite a cock you've got there."

She reached out to feel it, and it was quite the cock, long and fat and hard as granite. She rubbed it up and down a few times, then sat up.

"Do me doggy." she said, sliding onto the floor and kneeling in front of him. "I want to feel it all."

Mark turned her round a little so he could fit behind her, then slowly squeezed his big cock into her little fanny. He was always careful not to hurt anyone he had sex with, but Jake had excited Sarah so much that she pushed herself right back onto his bulging cock, gasping with delight as she did so.

"Jesus, that's good," she moaned, "Fuck me, please, get it right in me."

Holding her hips in his hands, Mark began to fuck Sarah with long, deep strokes, burying his big cock right into her.

"It is an excellent little pussy," he said, "and you've got a fantastic little arse to go with it."

Grinning, Sarah wiggled her backside just as Mark's cock was right inside her, making him groan.

"Come round in front of me, Jake," she moaned between thrusts. "Let me feel like I've done something to help tonight."

Jake knelt down in front of her and she pulled his condom off, dropping it on the floor. She circled her hand around his leg and pulled him forward, wrapping her eager lips around the head of his shaft.

Letting the motion of Mark banging himself into her do the work, she sucked and licked and Jake's cock, slowly, slowly getting it further and further into her mouth.

Soon, Mark's was gliding in and out of Sarah's pussy with ease, and she made deep moans as she gobbled at Jake's twitching member.

Suddenly she pulled her head back and said "God, I'm close guys, so close. Get my tits and squeeze them hard, Jake."

Jake reached under her and grabbed her shuddering little breasts, making her squeal with pleasure.

"That's it, oh fuck, like that. Just a little longer."

She reached up with one hand and started to wank Jake's cock furiously.

Mark was well aware that he didn't have much longer to go - Sarah's tight little fanny gripping at his cock felt so good he was already having to hold himself back. Determined to make her come, he reached underneath her belly and gently started to rub her clitoris with his finger.

"Tell us what you like, mate." he said, amazed at how wet she was.

"Just that, that's great, just a little longer!" she gasped, loving the feel of Jakes's hands and Mark's long, fat cock.

Mark was about to tell her that he didn't have much longer, but the feel of Sarah's hard nipples, the sight of a big cock squeezing itself into her little body and the eager wanking of his cock suddenly became to much for Jake, and before he knew it he was orgasming so hard that big, hot streaks of his come were splashing off Sarah's face and onto the floor before he could even warn her.

Leaning back and crying out, he shot another load of come right into Sarah's gasping mouth.

"You fucker!" cried Sarah, come sliding down her chin. "You came right in my face, you..."

Suddenly, the feeling of Jake's seamen in her mouth and on her face stopped feeling wrong and started feeling so, so right. Within a second she found screaming out loud; she was so full of that big cock and she felt so, so dirty...

"Oh my God, I'm coming, I'm coming!" Sarah cried, frantically ramming her pulsating cunt hard onto Mark's cock. She licked some of the come from her lips and then jammed her mouth right over Jake's dripping shaft, coming so hard and bucking so much that Mark fell out of her and a dribble of her juices ran down her leg.

She collapsed onto the floor, gasping and shuddering as her orgasm wound down.

When she opened her eyes again, Jake was holding a bar-towel out for her.

She grinned at him as she took it, and wiped her face and neck.

"Did you come, Mark?" she asked him as she sat up.

"Not quite." he replied, "I was going to but then some crazy little woman bucked me off!"

"I'm sorry," she said, breathless. "Fuck, that was nice - that was so, so nice. Come here and get that blow job I promised."

Mark took his condom off and stood up. Sarah knelt between his legs and put as much of his cock into her mouth as she could, working what was left with her right hand, and rubbing his balls with the other.

"This won't take long," said Mark, arching his back and running his hands through her hair. "Oh God yes, here it comes."

Sarah took his cock out of her mouth, her eyes shining up at him.

"Come on me," said begged him, eyes wide with excitement, "God, please come on me!"

Grasping his cock in his hand, Mark came everywhere - hot runny come squirted all over her breasts and belly, and long hard jets flew up into her face and hair.

Finally, exhausted, Mark collapsed onto the sofa. 

Sarah ran her fingertips through the puddles of come by her nipples and giggled.

"I always thought that coming in a girl's face was disgusting," she laughed. "But fuck did it feel nice."

"You're not wrong," said Jake, handing her the towel again.

The next night, Sarah had Pete lean over her and come all over her tits while he buried a finger in her fanny. Sarah came loudly, and later came again with just the memories as Pete gently made love to her.