 Joe stumbled forward.

"Did you like what you saw Joe?" Jessie asked, her mouth glistening with the blonde's pussy juice.

"Oh yeah." He answered, his hand rubbing his hardening cock.

"Why don't you take that bad boy out and give Kris a good fucking." She said reaching up and touching his calf.

Joe shook his head slightly to clear it. He then pinched himself again. Really hard this time. It had to be a dream. But the pain in his arm and her hand on his leg confirmed it wasn't.

Joe dropped his boxers and knelt behind Jessie's head.

"Closer Joe. You have a big cock but you still won't reach her."

Joe moved until he straddled Jessie's face. He felt her hand on his cock, guiding him to Kris's wet pussy. She rubbed his cock head against Kris, anointing the tip with her juices. Then she moved her hands underneath to his ass and slowly started to push him into her. Inch by inch, he slid into her. He watched her hairy lips stretch around him.

"Oh Joe, that feels so good." Kris moaned, dropping her head down against Jessie's stomach.

Joe felt Jessie nails dig into his ass once he was buried inside Kris. She was so wet and tight around him. Thank God he jerked off once. He would have blown his load all ready if he hadn't. He started to move inside her, pulling almost all the way out then plunging back in. He did that a few times before he felt something on his balls. He looked down as he pulled out and saw Jessie tonguing his hairy balls.

"Uhhhhh." He growled throwing his hard back and started to fuck Kris faster.

"That's it Joe. Fuck my pussy." Kris cried as she circled her hips around his cock.

Joe looked down and watched as each deep thrust sent her body rubbing against Jessie's. Kris buried her head again in Jessie's cunt.

"Oh fuck." Joe hissed, his balls starting to tighten. He was about to fucking blow!

"Yes Joe! Yes!" Kris cried in between her slurping of Jessie's cream.

He felt Jessie growl against his balls and the vibrations sent him over the edge. With a shout, he dumped his load deep into Kris's spasming pussy. Beneath Kris, he saw Jessie arch her hips up to Kris and cry out.

Totally spent, the three of them collapsed on the floor. Joe was the first to recover and lean over and kiss Jessie. Her lips parted beneath his and her tongue came out to rub along his.

"Fuck Jess." Joe whispered against her lips.

He had dreamed of being with her like this. Well, not exactly like this. Kris was just an added bonus.

"Come on Joe, I want to feel your cock in my pussy." Jessie said sitting up and pushing him onto his back on the floor.

Joe watch as Jessie crawled toward him. Her breasts swung with every move. She stopped at his cock and leaned down to take him into her mouth. Joe shuddered and groaned at the feel of her wet mouth surrounding him. He couldn't help but stare into her green eyes as she sucked on his cock. She licked it from base to tip, stopping every once in a while to rub it over her lips and slap it against her cheeks. He fisted his hands at his sides to keep from reaching for her. 

"Oh baby, you taste delicious. You and Kris." Jessie said smiling up at him.

"Enough Jess. Sit on my cock."

Jessie let his cock slip from her mouth. A small line of saliva and pre-cum dripped from her lips. Joe watched her lick it away. His cock jumped in response. Jessie straddled Joe's hips and slowly lowered herself onto his cock.

"Oh yeah." Joe hissed once she was fully seated.

Jessie started to slowly rotate her hips on him. His hands went to her hips guiding her.

"That's it baby. Ride my cock."

Joe was so into Jessie that he didn't notice Kris had moved behind his head.

"Ever had a creampie Joe?" She asked looking down at him.

Joe opened his mouth to answer when Kris moved and settled her dripping pussy over his face. His tongue came out and licked her bare lips.

"Oooohhhhhh." Kris hissed, rubbing her pussy over his mouth.

Joe had never eaten a woman out after he had cum in her, but at this moment he wasn't about to turn her down. He opened his mouth wide and began to suck her cream and his from her messy hole. He moved one hand to her hips, still keeping one on Jessie.

"You are as good at eating pussy as you are at fucking it." Kris said pushing her cunt harder against his mouth.

Jessie lifted her hips off his cock and quickly slid back down. She continued to ride him, alternating with grinding against him. His hand slid from her hip to her clit and he began to rub it.

"Oh....Joe...." Jessie breathed, moving faster on him.

Joe bucked beneath her, driving his cock deeper into her.

"Oh yes! Oh fuck!" She chanted, meeting his upward thrust by slamming her pussy down on him.

It wasn't long until he felt her pussy tighten around his cock. Her clenching cunt triggered his own orgasm and he erupted deep inside her.

"Oh Yes!" She cried and soaked his cock and balls before collapsing onto his chest.

Joe worked his tongue furiously in and out of Kris's hole. He felt Jessie move and then her tongue joined his on Kris's clit.

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming!!!!" Kris cried.

Joe and Jessie continued to lick and suck as Kris came in a rush.

Kris moved backwards, crawling on all fours. When her breasts dangled over Joe's mouth, her took turns sucking her nipples.

"That was great Joe." Kris said, kissing and licking his lips, tasting herself.

Joe just smiled. He looked and saw Jessie looking down on him.

"Damn Jessie...."

"Oh, I'm not through with you yet Joe." Jessie said with a smile and slid down until she was settled between his thighs once again.

This time, she was joined by Kris as they both started to lick his cock and balls clean. He didn't think he had anything left inside him but he was anxious to see if they could get him hard again.

It was the most erotic thing to have two girls tongues on him at the same time. He watched Jessie take his semi-hard cock into her mouth, while Kris licked and sucked on his balls. To his amazement, his cock hardened again and soon he was feeling the familiar tingling start in his balls. He couldn't believe he was going to cum for a fourth time.

He felt his cock stiffen even more and then he shouted out as he erupted. Jessie and Kris opened their mouths and tried to catch his spurting cum. Little globs hit their lips and noses. Then they turned and licked each other clean. 

Joe started to say something when all of a sudden a buzzing sounded from his bedroom.

"What is that?" Kris asked sitting up.

"Fuck! It's my alarm. I gotta get going." Joe said struggling to his feet.

Kris and Jessie moved as Joe got up and headed to his room. He turned back and watched as they started to kiss each other. Shit! he wanted to stay so bad and continue this but this meeting was important to him.

He went into his room and ten minutes later came out fully dressed, carrying his overnight bag. He cursed as he saw them laying naked and entwined on the floor.

"Joe?" Jessie called as he reached the door.

He turned back.

"When you get back....." She said with a smile.