 Amber liquid filled the glass. The powerful fumes of fine bourbon wafted up to me, a warm greeting. I plugged my music player into the stereo, turned on the back patio speakers and raised the volume. The heady tones of a saxophone lazed in through the open sliding glass door. My drink in hand, I stepped through onto the patio. The concrete, still hot from the blazing sun, felt soothing and solid on the bare soles of my feet. Ella Fitzgerald's sultry voice met me. The balmy summer evening air swirled around my ankles to lift the edge of the sarong tied around me and teased my hair, lifting it off my shoulders. 

An evening of self indulgence was long overdue. I felt a smug smile touch my lips thinking of my night ahead of doing nothing but spoiling myself. Humming softly along with the soothing music, I walked towards the bubbling hot tub and untied the fabric confining me. It slid to the ground allowing the breeze to caress the rest of me. The shadows and light cast from the pool water played in ripples over my body as I stepped into the hot, roiling water. I stood there for a moment, took a long swig of bourbon and let Ella serenade my woes away. 

I set my drink to the side and pulled my loose brown hair back from my face, plaited it and let the braid swing free to hang midway down my spine. I slid the rest of me down into the blissful heat. Closing my eyes and letting the heat and force of the jets work on the knots along my spine, I relaxed into the moment.

I was alone until morning, when Mr. Andersen would arrive, take his keys back and I would head home. My small side business as a caretaker continued to grow. The town was fairly large and situated between two major metropolitan areas, so families escaping the city moved here. The valley contained a sea of tract homes cleaved by the interstate freeway and peppered with shopping centers and big box stores. All those homes made for a sprawling suburban labyrinth that generated plenty of needs for me to fulfill. I ran errands, shopped, and saw to my clients' pets and property while they traveled or vacationed. This particular home sitting job was my favorite. 

The house and yard were easy to keep, there were no pets to manage, and there was a pool and hot tub that I was encouraged to use. The client insisted on overnight care which wasn't an unusual requirement. I had a few clients that wanted their house sitter to stay nights, for fear of burglary or because of pets with special needs. This client had a great many acquaintances that might come by at anytime. I had been given short list of those who were allowed inside to use the pool, take a shower, or just sleep a couple hours. It seemed weird to me, but none of my business. The place was a pleasure to watch and I was always well compensated for my time. 

The client wasn't bad looking, either. Mr. Andersen had intrigued me from the start. My face heated in a blush as I remembered almost a year ago when I'd knocked on the door for my initial interview. I had been looking down to put my keys in my purse when he'd opened the door. I saw dark slacks and a dark blue button up shirt, tan throat, and eyes so intense and blue that I'd fumbled and dropped my keys. I'd stammered out a greeting and introduced myself while trying to pick my keys up off the welcome mat. That was my clumsy start to the interview that got me this lush job. 

Despite the awkward introduction, my references and experience had secured Thomas Andersen's account. This was my third time here and I had the simple job well in hand. There were few plants that required attention; the house was easy to keep clean, even when he had a couple visits from his friends on the list. He seemed an easy going man, insisting that I make use of the place while I watched it. I did as far as his pool and hot tub were concerned. My little apartment complex didn't have a pool and I loved to swim. The hot tub was simply a hedonistic delight. 

I took another sip from my drink. The alcohol burned a line of fire down my throat and bloomed into smooth warmth that seeped back up to make my scalp prickle. Yep, this was sweet self-indulgence and I was ready for an evening of it. I could barely hear Louis Armstrong join Ella, crooning about summertime above the jet of the hot tub. There are few perfect moments in life and I decided this was one of them. I relished the languorous feeling of the hot water unwinding the kinks in my muscles and the pleasant burning of the liquor unfurling inside me. Closing my eyes and sighing aloud, I let the music wash over me and sank into the blissful moment. 

My mind wandered. Earlier this week I'd met two of the five on the allowed list, Mel and Dmitri. They arrived together, but Dmitri barely acknowledged me before heading to the couch. Within a few moments he had his cap pulled down over his face and had begun snoring loudly. Mel had laughed and told me to ignore him, if I could, and proceeded to introduce herself. With dark hair the color of glossy coffee beans and warm, almond shaped brown eyes, she had a friendly manner and an easy smile. I couldn't help liking her. She had come for the pool, she told me, used it for a workout a few times a week.

I recalled glancing out the kitchen window as I made my lunch and saw her strip out of her tee shirt and sweats and dive into the sparkling water. My jaw had dropped a little at her boldness and nonchalance. I also admired it. And I couldn't help but admire her. Just the brief glimpse had shown me a stunning female form. I finished making my sandwich while she swam, and remained near the window to eat. I watched when she emerged from the pool, her sleight, slender body moved with feline grace and strength. The sun had glinted off the water on her body as it sheeted from her skin to pool at her feet. Her pert breasts stood high and proud and her taut muscles flowed over delicate bones as she moved to get the towel from the rack near the pool steps.

She saw me at the window and smiled and waved. I ducked my head and blushed to be caught watching. She came in, toweling off and still nude and helped herself to water from the fridge, continuing our chat from earlier. There was a peculiar glint in her eyes that I hadn't been able to define, but it made me feel special, included in something fun. It seemed Tom Andersen had some interesting friends. 

Feeling quite buzzed now, my muscles loosened, I decided to swim a couple laps and then get back into the hot tub. Stepping out of the tub, the air felt cool and pebbled my wet skin. I did a shallow dive into the pool; the water was shockingly cold after the heat of the tub. I surfaced and gasped, treading water in place until I adjusted to the temperature contrast before starting to swim. Pulling my body through the water felt divine, my muscles stretching and working as I pulled myself through the water. I ducked beneath the surface into a silent underwater world. I swam a lap before I had to come up, sucking in the late evening air. I flipped onto my back to float, surrendering completely to the buoyant water. Billie Holliday sang now. Her butterscotch voice chided, yet almost begged, "All of me, why not just take all of me". I listened to the whole song while floating blissfully. Billie's song muted and clarified as water lapped over my ears with the gentle waves my swim had stirred. 

As the last strains of the song finished, I dove back beneath the water and swam towards the pool steps. Reaching the lowest step, I pulled myself up each one until I surfaced and luxuriated in a stretch. I stepped up out of the pool to find the owner of the house and dark eyed Mel standing on the back patio watching me. I stood startled and dripping in my bikini. 

"Um, oh gosh..." I felt awkward and embarrassed even though I had full permission to be doing what I was doing. I still felt like the kid caught with her fingers in the cookie jar. 

"We didn't mean to startle you. I called out, but you didn't hear." Tom gestured in the vague direction of the outdoor speakers, the music still lazing into the summer evening. "My trip ended sooner than expected and Mel here was kind enough to give me a ride. By the way, this is Mel." 

"We've met; she was just over earlier this week." 

I greeted Mel. This time in jean shorts and a pink tank top, I noticed again how striking she was. Shorter than I, with shoulder length dark hair and brown eyes that glinted with something I couldn't name. She gave me a quick hug and kiss on my cheek which threw me off guard. I was always startled by people who greeted anyone with hugs, friend or stranger. Mel's friendly attitude made it feel genuine. 

"Sorry I didn't hear you. Here, let me get my stuff." I walked over to my discarded cover. "It'll only take me a few minutes and I'll be out of your hair." 

"No, please." He moved to intercept me. "Continue to enjoy your evening. I told Mel she could come swim. Please. Get on back in, you're starting to shiver. I insist." The last words were firm. His look said he had little patience with polite refusals. The inviting smile that accompanied it devastated me. Oh boy.

"Um, well, okay. Thanks." I gave a shy smile and struggled to get my galloping pulse under control. He shouldn't be permitted to do that, whatever that was, exactly. Tom and Mel shared a look. Then she smiled encouragement at me. 

"I'm getting changed, then." Mel moved back into the house as I climbed back into the swirling hot tub. The heat stung my skin after the chilling pool and standing in the cooling air.

"What're you having?" He picked up my nearly empty glass. 

"Oh, bourbon. There's more on the counter, can I make you a glass?" 

"No, I'll make myself a glass, and freshen yours up." He turned to the house and then directed a look back at me. It definitely should be illegal for a man to ooze that much charisma with seemingly so little effort. "Please, feel welcome. I'm home early, my trip went well. I am in the mood to celebrate and would be delighted if you'd join us." 

"Yes, stay." Mel had come back out with a towel wrapped around her. Tom passed her, walking into his house with my glass in his hand. I looked at them, a bit confused. Surely he wants to enjoy his evening alone with his girlfriend. My thoughts must have registered on my face because Mel leaned down close and said, "We're not together. You're not interrupting any plans." 

I laughed nervously. "Thanks. Okay, well, okay sure." Smooth talker, as always, I thought at myself with a wry twist to my mouth. 

"I want whatever you guys are having." Mel called to him. 

I heard the music turn down until it was easier to talk. Mel stepped up to the edge of the pool and drew off her towel. Of course, she wore nothing. She executed a graceful dive into the water. Well, it was none of my business what she preferred to swim in. Still, I politely averted my eyes as she climbed from the pool. Not before I sneaked another quick peek. She was small and lean, her petite breasts stood firm with dark aureoles and nipples. Her slender waist flared subtly into slim hips. With her dark hair slicked to her head, those large, tilted eyes black in the lack of light and rivulets of water tracing the angles of her body, she looked like some sort of selkie come to enchant whoever dared happen upon her.

I swallowed. She was gorgeous, her physique so different from my own. I was taller and longer limbed than she, and my body fuller and softer. I was all supple curves compared to the hard planes of her strong, muscular body. My ample breasts hung heavier, full and plump. I couldn't help but feel just a little self conscious with beautiful Mel going about naked and carefree. I looked up to see the stars shining in the darkening sky. Evening had lost its hold to night. I kept my gaze heavenward as she strode over to join me in the heated tub. As she sank into the warmth with a sigh, I tried a casual smile and she smiled back. 

"So, what's new?" 

"Not much, really." I made an effort at small talk, telling her about my difficult landlord and how I likely needed to find another place. I could afford something a little better, now. We talked about what she'd heard about different apartments around town. 

"You wouldn't be interested in a roommate situation, would you?" 

"Maybe. I guess it would depend on the roommate and the place." 

"Me," she said with a grin, "My roommate moved out last month and I'm looking for someone else. I live just a few blocks away from here. It's a four bedroom, way too much house for me alone. You don't need to tell me right now. Think about it." 

"I will." It actually sounded pretty good. She seemed nice, I liked her easy manner, and the bigger space would be welcome. My home was my own though, I didn't relish the idea of giving up my solitude. 

I noticed Tom standing in the sliding glass doorway, watching both of us. God damn he cut a fine form. I swallowed hard, smiled and waved him over to us. 

"Aren't you coming in?" I took my refilled drink from him and thanked him, taking a sip. 

"In a minute. I'll swim first, I need to burn off some energy. That flight was far too long." 

He stood and pulled his shirt over his head, kicking off his shoes and socks, leaving his shorts on. I couldn't help but admire his physique with him right there in front of me. He was lean and well muscled, his chest a bit furry. Yum. Tan and fit, I wondered what it would feel like to run my hands over his chest, behind his neck and into his tousled brown hair. I caught myself staring and quickly looked to see if he had noticed. He had. His gaze met mine and his mouth curved into a smirk. I felt my face heat and I looked away. Those blue eyes of his made my mouth go dry. I didn't dare try to meet them again now. 

My drink abruptly became fascinating to me and I took my time with another long swig. I heard him jump into the pool and the splashes of him swimming. My head spun. I set the drink back down carefully, eying it. Nearly drunk, I considered the circumstances and decided it would be wise not to drink any more. 

I felt something touch my foot and I pulled away, startled. I realized it was Mel's foot nudging mine and looked up to see her smiling wickedly. 

"Nice on the eyes, isn't he?" Mel spoke in a conspiratorial whisper. She moved over to sit next to me. 

"A fine example of the male species." I giggled. Oh, I definitely need to lay off the spirits. 

"You're not bad yourself, you know. I saw him looking at you. He liked what he saw." 

"Me?" I snorted in disbelief. "No. I'm not, no." I bit my lip to stop stammering. My head fuzzy, I felt ill equipped to deal with the whole situation. This night was turning out to be interesting.

"Of course, darling." Her hand reached up to trace my eyebrow. I suppressed a reaction to flinch back. I didn't do well with uninvited contact, sometimes too sensitive to touch; I'd always been that way. But this made a shiver run up my spine and warmth spread through me. Her eyes glinted and her lips curved. "I'd do you." Her words took time to order into meaning in my brain, then promptly triggered chaos in my fight or flight response.

Yes, most definitely becoming an odd evening. I grabbed my drink and took a gulp before I remembered I shouldn't. I looked over to see Tom still doing laps, pulling his body through the water in long, smooth strokes. Mel's leg pressed up against mine. It felt especially pleasant. My leg tingled everywhere her smooth thigh and calf touched me. Her intent had become clear and my body was responding to it. 

I looked at Mel, my eyes falling to her breasts just at the top of the water. A vision of me lowering my head to kiss and suckle them invaded my mind. I felt my face turning red again. My hand brushed her thigh, seemingly of its own volition. She bit her lower lip and smiled encouragingly. My mind was really whirling now. Clear thought was replaced by a slow burn between my thighs. I looked over at Tom, who was still in the pool. Mel caught the direction of my glance and grinned. 

"He's not going to mind if we fool around. I've known Tom for years and I know for a fact he wouldn't mind." She raised beautifully arched eyebrows and waggled them at me, eliciting a laugh out of me. 

What the fuck. I was horny and I'd consumed enough spirits to be bold. I stood facing her. She watched me, her eyes avid on mine. My self-indulgent night was offering the chance to be as licentious as desired. It felt surreal as I reached behind my back and undid my top, like someone else's hands moving. Mind disengaged, my world became impulse and sensation. Freeing my breasts and tossing the scrap of fabric to the side, my nipples tightened and wrinkled in the breeze. Half naked and exposed, I felt feral and uninhibited. Mel moved close to me, her eyes greedy. 

I removed my bikini bottoms, the hot water swirling and bubbling around my waist. The currents swirled around and between my legs, tickling and teasing me. Oh, that was delightful. Before I could lose my nerve I pushed her back to sit on the tub bench. I straddled her lap, letting only our thighs touch. I leaned in and kissed her jaw. She turned her face to mine and our lips met. Soft and sweet, I could feel the heat in my belly growing, settling lower. I deepened the kiss and felt a thrill when her mouth opened to mine. I let my tongue enter her, exploring the depths of her mouth. 

Her arms moved around my waist and her hands ran up my back and down to the roundness of my ass. My mouth moved down her body, teeth grazing her collarbone, laying kisses down her chest. Her breathing increased as I kissed first one dark, hard nipple, then the other. I took one into my mouth and tugged it with my lips. She made the tiniest little moan. I felt a thrill through my belly which traveled decidedly lower. I wanted to hear that most gratifying sound again. I wanted to hear it louder. 

I moved on to her other nipple, licking and nibbling until it stood stiff, and let my hand slide down her belly to graze her pussy lips. Her hips jerked forward and her back arched, pushing those sweet tits into my face. I ran my fingers along her slit, just brushing the swollen knot of her clit. She moaned again and squirmed closer, trying for more contact. I pinched her pussy lips together and broke away with a smile. I was enjoying myself immensely. Her eyes fluttered open, glazed. 

I motioned for her to stand and she obeyed. My hands slid up along her thighs to caress her slender hips and the smooth curve of her ass. The dark tuft at the juncture of her thighs was slicked down and didn't hide that her pretty little lips were slightly swollen and parted from her arousal. I placed a kiss on those pouting lips, causing her to shiver. My hands on her hips, I guided her backwards. I had her sit on the side of the hot tub, her legs dangling down into the water, and resumed my exploration of her body. 

I enveloped a breast in my hand, letting her nipple slip between my fingers and gently squeezed it. She moaned softly. Mm, yes, but I wanted so much more. I used my other hand to run fingers the length of her slit, down and back again to find that sweet spot between her legs. She shuddered, her mouth parted and head thrown back. Mmm. This was considerable fun. She lay back on the concrete deck, her legs parting for me. Leaning up over her, I kissed her nipples and moved my mouth down over her taut stomach. I followed the planes of her body, kissing, nibbling my way to the slope below her belly button. 

I kissed the silky hair of her mound and her legs opened further, inviting. I heard movement behind me and looked over to see Tom out the pool and toweling himself off. I froze momentarily, shocked that I had momentarily forgotten his presence. He made no sound but watched us intently. Lips curving, he motioned for me to continue. His rapt expression gave me chills and inflamed the aching between my thighs. Plainly enjoying our play, his growing excitement was becoming obvious in his shorts. Seeing him aroused and watching me, this man I had desired since first meeting those startling eyes, made my heart pound wildly. The heat between my legs bloomed into a persistent aching throb. 
