 It all starts out the night Carrie put her fingers in my mouth while she was riding me. I really got into the moment, and my mind began to imagine things. I sucked on each of them as though they were all penises. Licking them, sucking them, making them go as deep into my mouth as possible. Then she moved her body faster up and down. I moaned as she orgasmed. Our cum collided inside of her, causing some of it to splash out in between our bodies. 

Right when she was about to get up, to clean herself, I held her down by the hips. "Carrie, lay down, I will take care of it." I said softly. 

She laid, I ate. I my jizz was pouring out of her and I was making a meal out of it. I loved the taste. I couldn't get enough of it. I sucked and licked till there was nothing left except another round of her cum.

Carrie and I have been together for almost two years now and still, our sex lives are growing more interesting. When we fuck, we fuck well. When she gives me head, I go insane. When I eat her out, she yells out to G-d. We always make sure we enjoy the different forms of pleasure we perform. 

One night, we were watching HBO and an episode of Real Sex was on. One of the women being interviewed said she always wanted to use a strap-on to "fuck a man." I looked at my Love and she was smiling. I asked, "What are you smiling at?" 

"I have always been interested in fucking a man in the ass." 

I was so happy to hear this from her because I always wanted to lose my anal virginity to some one whom I trust and love and know will treat me gently when doing so. For most of my high school years I would finger myself while masturbating. I am not gay but I was curious to feel another mans dick in my hand, mouth and ass. I can't help but get turned on about the idea. My problem is that no one knows about it. So I simply said, "Let's do it."

The week goes by and on Friday, after work, I stopped by the local porn shop to buy a strap-on. When I got home that evening I saw my girlfriend standing in the doorway of our room wearing only a thong. She signaled for me to come closer and I obeyed. We begin to kiss passionately and I lightly grab her ass. She pushed away the second I grabbed and said, "Where is my penis?" 

I give her the bag and she shoves me out of the room and locks the door. Two minutes later she opens the door and I noticed the amazing penis she was wearing. I instinctively dropped to my knees.

She approached me and I began to stroke this beautiful, realistic looking penis. I grabbed her ass to pull her crotch closer and started giving her a blow job. 

At first I had trouble getting this big piece of rubber in my mouth, but eventually I relaxed my jaw and throat and began to deep throat the whole thing. It is about 8 inches long and I was taking it all in. She starts to say to me, "Ohhh Jay, you look so good sucking my cock!" 

That drove me crazy. So in my moment of insanity I stood up, ripped all my clothes off and threw her onto the bed and told her to lay back. I continued licking and sucking this amazing toy as though it would really shoot cum. After a while she stopped me and told me to get on all fours. I did so.

I felt her tongue on my asshole. It felt incredible. I had to hold back with all my strength from cumming right there on the bed. She licked fast and hard. Amidst of this pleasure I thought I heard her say I was getting wet. She he reached around with her hand and began to slowly jerk me off while tossing my salad.

"Ok, honey, I am going to make you my bitch now."

She starts to finger me with one hand and lubed the dick with the other hand and before I knew it I had this big long, thick rubber cock in my ass. It felt great from beginning to end. Pumping me slowly at first, she kept her hands on my hips. We developed a motion and I started to press myself harder and faster on the dildo. She then flips me over, raises my legs and starts to fuck me on my back. I instantly began to cum all over myself. 

"Scoop it up and eat it." She demanded.

I got as much into my mouth, with my fingers, as possible and, like always, it tasted so good! When I was done eating my cum she took the cock out of my ass and started to give me head. Once I was hard again she stopped and then blindfolded me and told me to wait on the bed. 

I heard her move to the bathroom door, and then I heard a voice that wasn't hers. A bunch of footsteps moved toward me on the bed. "Jay, find your way to the floor and get on your knees!"

I obeyed. I could smell the person in front of me. They smelled like me except with different cologne on. I had a feeling of where this was all going. 

"Take the blindfold off."

When I did I saw these two guys standing in front of me, naked. "Meet Steve and James," Carrie said. I greeted them with a kiss on their penises. 

"Now meet Adriana, my new best friend." I looked over to her and there is this beautiful girl who looks very similar to my Carrie, except South American looking, standing there in her underwear with her arm around Carrie's waist. 

While on my knees I move towards Adriana, pulled down her thong and gave her a big, wet lick on her pussy. She moaned and her knees went weak and held herself up by holding onto my shoulders. Carrie got down on her knees with me and began to lick Adriana's already wet vagina. Carrie pressed her against the wall and licked some more while grabbing Adriana's ass. She stopped for a second only to give me a big kiss, sharing Adriana's wetness with me. 

"Sorry, but she is mine. Now go attend your two new friends." I went back to Steve and James, stood up and began to kiss Steve. While Steve and I kissed I grabbed his dick and began to jerk him off while he grabbed my ass. James came from behind me and began to rub his dick in the crack of my ass and kissed and licked my neck. It felt so good. The sensation of another person's dick rubbing my ass almost made me cum right there all over Steve. But I held it in.

James then put his hand on my shoulders and gently pushed me down to my knees. I loved this view. I had these two, beautiful penises and sets of balls right there at my face, begging to be pleased. I began to suck on Steve first while stroking James. I never felt so sexy in my life. Pleasing two men at once was such a turn on for me. I kept a steady pace with Steve, with my tongue running up and down the shaft of his steel hard dick. I tasted his pre-cum which only made me lick fast and harder and make his penis all wet with my saliva. I felt a sudden pulse in my mouth and his cock erupted his hot, juicy cum. There was so much. I struggled at first to swallow it in one gulp which caused some of his cum to leak out and run down my cheek. I got even more turned on to have his jizz on my face like that, I felt very feminine and slutty. Then I took a second gulp and got every last bit of it. 

"Let James cum on you!" I heard Carrie yell. I looked over to see her sitting on the bed with Adriana on her knees in between Carrie's legs, licking her vagina. She moaned and gave me the sexiest look I have ever seen her make. She then put her hands on top of Adriana's head and pushed her down more into her vagina. Carrie seemed to be enjoying herself having this kind of control. 

I started to speed up my hand job on James and licked his balls. He grabbed my hair lightly and I licked the pre-cum off the tip of his penis. With my other hand I was fingering his asshole. After I stuck two fingers deep into his ass he took half a step back and shot his load all over my face and chest. He too had so much to release and it got all over me. On my cheeks, chin, neck and nipples. The warm juice of his made my dick want to explode but still, I held back. I stood up when he was finished and they both began to scoop all the cum off of me with their tongues and kissed me after every lick. 

After they got most of James' jizz off of me and into my mouth I got back down on my knees and started to give them both head. I couldn't help myself. The taste of dick was so addicting. I wanted more of it. I kept switching off every few seconds of sucking the two. Before I knew it they were both hard again. This is where the real fun began. 

When they were hard Steve stood me up and put me on the bed. James laid on his back and I began to suck him some more. I deep throated him the whole time and I could tell he was going crazy by the sounds he was making and his squirming. I wasn't sure what Steve was doing until I felt his tongue on my asshole. It felt as good as Carrie's except this time I knew a real dick would follow. I was getting so horney from the tossing and me giving head, that I just yelled out "FUCK ME!"

Click here!

Carrie giggled and I realized I forgot she was still in the room. I caught a glance of her on the floor 69ing with Adriana on top. They looked so sexy together. Almost exact body matches licking each other's vagina. I wanted to watch some more but Steve stuck his meat into my ass, I was in heaven. Once we both established a rhythm I continued sucking James. 

Now I am not sure how this happened but after about 15 minutes of her 69ing and me being double teamed, Carrie and I began to moan together. I didn't bother to turn my head because I was into working on James and Steve cumming inside of me. Our moans began to grow louder and louder and Steve pumped faster, in and out, in and out, faster, while I moved my head faster up and down on James. 

My dick was pounding at that time, and when I couldn't hold back any longer the magic happened. Carrie and I both yelled out each other's name. We were so loud I was sure the neighbors would call the cops. I came all over James' leg; he came in my mouth, getting it all down my throat in one shot. Steve gave a hard thrust and he shot his load far up my ass. The feeling of hot cum in my ass made me cum some more. I look over at Adriana and Carrie and see that Adriana's cum was leaking out and Carrie was eating it all up while Adriana sucked up all of Carrie's cream. 

We all laid around for a few minutes until Carrie got up and said "Ok, everyone has to go home." Carrie and I never saw Steve, James or Adriana again, but she still puts her fingers in my mouth when riding me. 

The End?