 My going away party was winding down. I wasn't going to miss this place but I would miss the people. That was for certain. All of the other bosses had gone and only Chrissie and myself remained as well as Tim, Ron, and Frank. They were always like my older brothers and they had always looked after me. I was 36 and had been with the company for almost ten years. We all joked that we had to keep sending each other e-mails. "The nastier the better" Tim said referring to how I always sent good, funny and sometimes raunchy e-mail to them. Tim asked if he could still send me e-mails when he had sweet dreams about my ass (my best feature, I've been told). "Sure" I answered feeling a little light headed from all the wine I'd drank. "Will you still tell me about that 8" mushroom of yours?" I joked back. Tim had mentioned several times that he had something he knew I would love. 

We moved from the restaurant part to the bar and had one more round of drinks. I danced with all three guys and was standing by the table when Tim excused himself to pee. Tim was 6'3" and weighed close to 300 lbs. Yes he was overweight but in a big teddy-bear kind of way. I playfully leaned back and rubbed my ass against him and he froze and let me rub against him a few more seconds. I could feel him getting hard so I stopped.

"Thanks. Now that you made pissing near impossible." Everyone laughed but I could tell Chrissie was a little embarrassed by my actions. She was my age and married and fairly straight-laced. She joined in on our sexual dialogues from time to time but she was timid compared to us once we got going. 

I felt really sad when it was time to go because I knew I'd be leaving these guys, my friends. As we talked in the parking lot I suggested they all come to my house and I could make them coffee so they didn't drive home drunk. Everyone agreed but Chrissie who said her husband was waiting for her. It wasn't strange for me because I had gone out to dinner with just the three men before. Like I said, we were all friends for a very long time. The guys knew my husband was in New York on a business trip, I had mentioned it earlier. My husband wasn't the social butterfly. He was a wealthy man and traveled often on business and as far as I could tell, was not faithful. But I was living with things I'd never imagined so I never complained. 

"Let's go" Ron said and we headed towards our cars. That's when I saw Eddie's car still in the lot. Eddie worked with us. He was 23 and I was good-friends with his mom who also worked with me. His dad was one of my first Internet buddies, a retired professor who sent me many of the e-mails I passed along to the others. He was slumped in the seat and for a quick moment I panicked he was injured or dead but he moved when he saw me coming. He smiled and rolled the window down. Turns out he forgot his key which he said was a habit and that it was too late to go home. 

He spotted Ron and got out of the car. He said Ron had a set of keys for his house since he lived close by. We all talked and Ron said he didn't have the key but it was no problem. He said to come back with us for coffee and then they would leave and he could follow Ron home and get the key. So off we went, what a group.

Tim as I mentioned was a huge man. He was big and burly. He was 54 and divorced over 20 years. He lived in the suburbs with his sister and mother. He got lucky once in a while but it was rare and we all joked him about it. I knew he had an innocent crush on me and I figured he really did admire my ass because he certainly commented on it enough.

Ron was 56 and married with grown children. He was in pretty good shape but probably a few pounds overweight and not as firm as he was in his younger days. I knew his wife from various functions over the years and she was very pleasant. Ron was closing in on his 30th anniversary, a rare feat these days.

Frank was in his mid 40's and in great shape. He was a typical tall, dark Italian. Wide shoulders and black hair and olive skin, we (the other ladies and myself) would joke and we wondered if he was a good lover or not. One of the women would often tease him and ask him if he had a real "Italian Sausage" in his pants. I admit that Frank crept into my fantasies from time to time when I was masturbating. He was married with three children and from what I knew, an uptight wife at home.

And now Eddie was joining us. He was a very handsome, shy kid. He was very popular with the women at work who loved to tease him about being the youngest stud in the roost. From what his mom said he was also very popular with the ladies his own age and it wasn't uncommon for him to spend a Friday or Saturday night away from home. He had just graduated from college and come to work with us. It was almost a year now. His thick, black curly hair and dark eyes added to his ethnic look (he was Greek).

When we got to my home about ten or fifteen minutes away I gave them all a quick nickel tour since none had ever seen my home before. When I took them upstairs to see the exercise room we had I heard Tim ask me if this was where the magic happened. He was looking in my bedroom and I told him that it certainly was. We made our way downstairs to the family room. When they saw the 60" television they commented on how good it must be to watch sports on it. Tim said, "Fuck sports, I bet porn looks amazing on that" and without thinking I said "it really does look awesome" and they all looked at me and we all shared a laugh. 

I excused myself to go back upstairs and make us all coffee and told them to put whatever they wanted on. I told them the interesting DVD's were locked in the wooden cabinet and that the key was in the top drawer. They all laughed but while I was in the kitchen I could hear the unmistakable sounds of porn on the T.V. It didn't bother me at all. I was just worried about Eddie. I didn't want these old perverts to corrupt him.

I decided to change while the coffee was brewing and went upstairs and stripped away my work clothes and opted for a pair of workout pants and a loose top. I couldn't believe it but my panties had become very wet. I decided to change them as well and put on the usual thong I wore with those pants (they were snug). Besides that, my shirt hung down low enough not to show just how these pants hugged my curves.

I put the coffee on the tray and found the three of them sitting on the large leather sofa watching porn as I suspected. I asked them where Eddie was and they said he saw something in the game room that interested him. I put the coffee down and found him playing one of the many pinball machines my husband collected. I asked him if he was all right and he said he was fine. I told him he was welcome to come back inside because I was planning on putting an end to the adult theatre in there. He said he'd be in shortly. I tussled his hair and told him I was going to miss him and that he was such a sweet kid. He blushed and told me he'd miss me too.

When I rejoined the guys Tim was looking through our adult selections and commented that all the DVD's were of amateur porn. I told him it was the only kind of porn my husband and I enjoyed. "How's this one?" he said holding up a tape. "Suburban Sluts" he said. It happened to be one of my favorites. There was a scene where a woman discovered her hubby was cheating and tied him to a chair near the bed and fucked two of his friends. It was amateur because none of the actors were pro's but I knew this set up was staged. I told him to throw it on if he wanted. They all looked at me a little surprised but Tim was quick to change the current DVD and put this one on.

I poured them all coffee and sat by myself on a chair across from them. We watched in silence for a few minutes and Ron mentioned how he wished more women like this lived in his neighborhood. A woman in her thirties was masturbating on her bed while her husband whispered dirty commands and held the camera. 

"Well, I'm not that far away. Am I?" I joked. After a few more minutes of quiet Tim quietly asked if I did that. The woman on screen was using a large vibrator on herself.

I wasn't sure if I should answer or not. I felt incredibly horny and earlier I had blamed the wine and the fact that my husband has been away for over a week and I'd been to busy tying down loose ends at work this week to even masturbate. Now though I was blaming the visions in my head. I was seeing myself with my three friends. I adored sucking cock; I guess it was the feeling of empowerment or something. Whatever it was it never failed to make me hornier then hell and many times when I finished sucking my husband my pussy was dripping. It was getting there already; I could feel the wetness in my crotch. 

"I have quite the toy collection if you must know. My husband travels a lot".

"G-d, I'd love to see that" Tim said. Again we sat in silence as a slightly overweight woman sucked her husband's dick.

"Go ahead and ask her Tim. Tonight may be your last chance" Ron said. 

"Ask me what?" I looked to Tim who turned red and turned away. He told Ron to shut up. "Jeez guys, now we're getting shy? All the crap we discuss and suddenly one of you is bitten by the shy bug." I was serious too. We usually said whatever was on our mind. We could make a sailor blush sometimes. Tim was still quiet though even after I egged him on so I turned to Ron and asked him what he was talking about.

"Well, apparently our friend here gets hard at the sight of your clothed ass and he's mentioned how good he thought it would look naked or in a bikini. For ten years all I've heard was how great your ass must be. I told him to ask you to show him your ass so that it would be clear in his mind while he jerked off in his old age." I'm not sure if I should have been offended by that or not but I wasn't. It just added to the fire burning between my legs. I was about to comment when a guy with a big uncut cock stood in the shower. His wife was holding the camera and talking. I commented on how I must've sucked 30 guys in my life and not one of them had his foreskin. Frank looked at me and asked me if that turned me on. "Hell yes" I said smiling.

"Please talk to my wife then. 16 years of marriage and she hasn't given me a blowjob because of my foreskin," he said disgustedly. 

"Maybe she's just scared because you look like a donkey" Ron said jokingly.

"Hey, how do you know what Frank's packing?" I asked quickly. 

"We play golf together. You should see him walking proud like a rooster, his thing swinging side to side. That's why she won't suck it. She's afraid you'll choke her" Ron was really amusing himself. He always was the loudest and funniest.

"Just how big is it?" I asked in a joking tone but I really did want to know. 

"I'll measure it and get back to you," he said sarcastically. 

Again we sat quietly and watched a few more minutes. I saw Eddie poke his head in but he left again. I felt bad but to be honest I was horny and I was having these images in my head and I didn't know just how far this evening would go. It was 1 AM already. 

"Maybe we should call it a night," Frank said. "We should stop watching this because I'm already dreading driving home with blue balls." 

"Yeah, can I use the phone Sharon? I should let Helen know I'm alive," he said and I pointed him towards the other room. I saw the outline of his hard on through his pants as he walked quickly to the other room. Frank grabbed the remote and turned off the movie. About thirty seconds went by before I asked Tim if he really wanted to see my ass? He smiled. I stood and took his hand and led him to the chair I had been sitting in. I was facing Frank now who was paying attention to us. I leaned forward and raised my shirt in the back and presented Tim with my clothed ass. I heard a loud sigh coming from him. Frank asked why he didn't get to see and I told him we'd discuss a trade in a few minutes. He laughed but I was serious. I planned on seeing that uncut cock of his and if he wasn't careful I also planned on sucking it. 

I bent forward a little more until I was holding my calves and my ass now was only inches from Tim's face. I could feel his hands on my hips and his touch felt wonderful. It turned me on to feel another mans hands touching me. I don't know if it was the newness of Tim's touch or the alcohol or just the feeling of being in control over these men. Whatever it was, I was hornier then I could ever remember and I pushed it a little further. 

I stepped forward a bit and pulled down the tight sweats I was wearing. Not off, but rather down my thighs and once again bent forward to present my ass to Tim only this time I was covered only with my thong. Tim was losing his shyness as he began massaging my ass cheeks. Frank was rubbing his crotch now, obviously as turned on as Tim and I were. I guess this was the make or break moment. I could play a little longer and call it a night and this would all go down to mostly innocent fun. Or I could take it to the next level and turn this tease into sexual satisfaction not only for the boys but also for myself, especially for myself. I decided while my husband was off at his meeting getting laid by one or more of his female assistants, I was going to enjoy some cock of my own.

I stood up and pulled my sweatpants down to my feet then off. I slowly unbuttoned my top and dropped it to the floor. My bra followed a few teasing moments later. My 34B tits were swollen and my nipples looked like they had been dipped in ice water. I tweaked them and loved the way that felt. "I really need some cock" was all I said and I went to Frank and knelt between his open legs. I could see the thick outline of his cock and worked the front of his pants until I had his belt undone and his zipper down. I looked over my shoulder and saw Tim still eyeing my ass and rubbing his crotch. 

I rubbed Frank's cock thru his underwear. It started as a tease to him but I was really teasing myself because what he had in his shorts seemed like I was about to get more then I'd ever asked for. My husband is over 7" but I could tell he wasn't nearly as thick as Frank. As I reached in and hauled out Frank's cock, I proved myself right. Frank raised his ass and allowed me to pull down his pants and underwear enough to let his balls out as well. I stopped and just stared at the amazing maleness in front of me.

It's easy for me to describe Frank's cock because it has returned in my fantasies while masturbating many times. He wasn't fully hard yet and I guessed he was about 7" already. He was thick, as thick as my petite wrists. His foreskin covered its head and it made his cock look like a sexy animal. My very first thought was that his wife had to be crazy not to be sucking this beauty as often as she could. His balls were in proportion to his cock, which is to say they were big and they were heavy. Finally I allowed myself to hold it. I stroked it several times and rubbed it over my lips and against my cheeks. Frank let out an audible moan and it got louder when I wrapped my lips over the head.

I pulled the skin down and licked the swollen, pink gland in circles and paid attention to his piss slit. He was getting even harder and I grew more turned on as the cock in my hand and mouth grew thicker and longer. My best estimate was 8", maybe a little more. 

I made love to his cock slowly with my mouth. I'm really not sure for how long but my complete concentration was disturbed by Ron's voice as he came back into the room obviously shocked at what he was seeing. I only remember the loud whistle and the "holy shit" that he said. Before long he had moved in and was standing next to me. He had pulled out his cock and balls from his pants and presented them to me just above my right shoulder. I pulled my mouth away from Frank long enough to give Ron's shorter and thinner cock a few deep sucks. I swallowed him down to his pubic hairs, which he seemed to enjoy immensely. I repositioned everyone so that Frank and Ron now stood around me. I felt Tim close behind me. He ran his hands all over my ass and eventually over my still covered crotch and let everyone know my pussy was "dripping wet." 

So for the next several minutes my mouth went from Frank's thick uncut 8" to Ron's mushroom headed 6" and all the while Tim was rubbing my ass and pussy through my panties which I was certain I'd have to throw out because they were so completely soaked by now they had to be ruined. Tim was growing bolder behind me and I felt him pulling my panties down over my ass and then his face was there. He buried his face in my crotch from behind and dug his tongue in my ass as he fingered my swollen clit and I exploded into a violent, earth moving orgasm that almost buckled me and sent me down headfirst. Frank and Ron recognized this and for a brief moment while I recovered they stroked their own erections slowly, keeping them rock hard for me. I looked over my shoulder once I found my voice and told Tim to "Please fuck me" but I didn't get the reaction I expected.

I figured he would be in my hot pussy in seconds but instead he backed away and sat on the chair he was in earlier. He looked so sad all of a sudden that I crawled to him and asked him what was wrong. I swear this 6'3" giant of a man looked like a little boy about to cry. He whispered to me that he had lied and that he "wasn't very big" and his eyes looked away from me. I put my lips to his ear and whispered "Fuck me now Tim, then when these two guys go home to their wives you can stay and I'll suck your cock and maybe later you can stick it in my ass." He looked at me with shock at first but it quickly melted into a smile and I knew I had him now. 

Frank had taken a cushion from the couch for me and I lay back on it, my ass above the thick carpeting and Tim quickly pulled his pants and underwear down. Well, he definitely had lied about his size. His cock looked ready to burst, the veins in his shaft seemed to be throbbing. He was smaller then Ron's 6" and thinner but he had a bright pink mushroom head that was absolutely huge in proportion with his shaft. I opened my legs for him and the other guys made comments on how wet and hairy my pussy looked as Tim dropped to his knees and grabbed my legs and rested them on his shoulders and plunged his cock in. I nearly came instantly. 

As it was my next big orgasm started before Tim had reached ten strokes. By that time Ron and Frank were kneeling by my head now and once again feeding me their hard cocks. Tim grunted loudly. The two cocks in my face blocked my vision and all I could feel was hot, thick cream splashing all over my tits and belly and pubic hairs. Not little thick squirts, but a barrage of cum. I had never felt a man shoot such a load in my life and he was still cumming when Ron pulled away from my mouth and aimed his cock at my tits and started to cum. Nowhere near the volume that Tim had just unleashed but enough that added to Tim's cum it was dripping off my tits and running down my ribs and onto the carpet (I didn't care at the time, trust me). 

With both men spent I had Frank now to myself and I went to work on getting his beautiful cock to cum for me. I was oblivious to my surroundings now as I had Frank stand again and I knelt between his legs. I could feel all that cum dripping off my body and I could also feel my own pussy juices dripping down the insides of my thighs. I made love to Frank's cock. I knew it then and it's still true to this day, I have never gotten more enjoyment from sucking a cock.

Frank was a gentleman, as he fucked my hungry mouth he pulled out and told me he was going to cum. I leaned in and put the head back in my mouth. I stroked the thick shaft with one hand and fondled his heavy balls with the other and he sent his creamy spunk down my throat. I tried swallowing as much as I could. He wasn't an squirter like the other two and I wondered if he was actually able to control the way his cum seemed to pour from his cock evenly. I pumped his shaft until the flow had finally stopped but I kept my mouth over his cock and continued to suck him until he became to sensitive and pulled away. He collapsed on the couch and I leaned back against it. I was still sitting on the floor and was just now becoming aware of all that cum that was dripping from me and onto my carpet. 
