 The following story is a work of fiction. There is no similarity between me or anyone who knows me.

My story starts at a Christmas party my wife and I threw at our house on Christmas Eve. Attending the party were a lot of couples, singles, mostly people she and I work with who had nowhere to go for Christmas. Since neither of us have family, we’ve always thrown this party and you’d be surprised how many people have no place to go on a holiday.

So you will understand the circumstances I must tell you a little bit about me and some of the participants in this story.

I work at an 5th grade science teacher. One of my fellow teachers, Carrie, teaches the 2nd grade. Carrie is a fairly average woman with short dirty blonde hair and mostly average features. Nothing like the 36-24-36 women, you read about in most of these stories. She is however quite sexy in a way I have difficulty explaining.

Carrie is a very negative person. She hates work, her boss, her students, the parents, and her husband. Her list simply goes on and on to the point where I honestly think she hates everything and everybody. 

My wife Darby and I are liberal and we try to be positive. We enjoy our life together, our growing sexuality. I love the children and would never say anything negative about them. But spending time with Carrie is like taking a negative bath and our "friendship" had been sorely tested. We’ve adopted her for reasons I can’t possibly explain and must seem somewhat contradictory when you consider what I’ve just said. Darby and I have adopted her for reasons neither of us can explain. Perhaps we fear she will off herself if we’re not around, but I really don’t think she’s the type to do that. Perhaps we both sense her unhappiness and think that we can do something to help her. What I can say is we have tried and tried and tried.

The source I guess of the malingering unhappiness is Carrie’s husband. He a missionary in the Baptist church and is always off saving the poor heathens around the world. This time he’s in a remote part of southern Mexico. The natives must be putting up resistance because the whole thing is taking far longer than expected. We’ve encouraged Carrie to go visit, but she loathes Mexico, Mexicans and as you might imagine and couldn’t possibly go there.

Like I said, my wife and I have become the defacto shoulder to cry on and chief source of entertainment. Darby, my wife, thinks that Carrie is sexually frustrated. She’s a Southern Baptist and many a time she has recounted her fears about sex and going to hell for thinking dirty thoughts that amount to little more than desiring a good fuck from her husband or thinking about going down on him.

Apparently he’s not much help in this regard. She claims that he feels that sex is a drain on our devotion to god, so he’s seldom able to comply even when he’s in town.

I should tell you a bit more about Darby. We met in Ireland when I took a pub tour there a few years back. During the day I visited the stuff you visit when you are in Ireland and at night the tour took you to a local pub. My friend Michelle and I went to Ireland on a lark, mostly because it was cheap and both of us spent our nights procuring and then fucking some lovely local and then moving on to the next town.

But on this one night in Dublin I spotted Darby from across the room and I was hooked. She was petite and firm, had black hair and blue eyes, and reminded me of the Steve Earle song “Galway girl” one of the major inspirations for going to Ireland to begin with. She. Her breasts and ass beaconed me like a faraway lighthouse and soon she and I were fucking in the bathroom and we’ve been fucking ever since. There’s no repression in our bedroom.

Darby is convinced that Carrie has a thing for me. She’s always calling asking us what we’re doing and she even told Darby while we all had a bit too many beers that she really had to be careful around me, as she really needed a good fuck and I was just her type.

Darby laughed and said that she never thought she’d hear that from Carrie. Carrie is so conservative and religious. I must admit I was a bit intrigued and went so far as to ask Darby if there might be some interest in seducing her, but she cautioned me to stay away, fearing the negative energy we might bring into our sexual relationship.

First, I must confess that Darby and I both do not pass up the opportunity to share our sexuality with others. We’ve on occasion invited a woman to share our bedroom, usually on vacation or when we’re away on a business trip or something. You have to be careful working in the South or word will get around. Once teacher was let go because some students saw her and her husband coming out of the adult video section at the local video store so you can imagine what they might say if they knew about our occasional wildness.

Darby is not bi. She simply gets very turned on by sharing me with other women and on occasion will play around with them for my benefit. Her sexuality and mine mingle quite nicely.

Back to the party, Carrie was drinking quite heavily. She wasn’t totally drunk, but she was feeling the spirit of the evening and was swaying to the music, which we considered to be victories since both dancing and drinking were considered major sins at her church.

Soon Carrie asked me to dance. I looked at Darby, she considered quickly the Talking Heads song that was playing and nodded thorny approval. Carrie grabbed my hands and led me out on the floor and started putting on a pit of a show. She crouched down and I could see her panties poking out of the nearly to the knees dress she was wearing. Her breasts were straining against the skimpy fabric and I admit the naughtiness of her dance gave me a rise.

Soon the music stopped and someone put on a slow song. Carrie looked at me and I looked over at Darby. Darby was nowhere to be seen and so I pulled Carrie close and we started the slow dance. Neither of us are good dancers. We mostly just pushed our bodies close, swayed a bit and I have to admit having her cheek to cheek was getting my blood boiling. She felt my growing hardness, looked down, laughed a devilish laugh, and then whispered in my ear, “wanna fuck?”

I broke our embrace. I knew Darby would not approve so I excused myself to go to the bathroom. The excuse was convenient since I really had to go and well I was in over my head on this one. 

I walked over to the bathroom on the main floor, it was occupied, and so I scampered up the stairs to the master bedroom and then into the bath.

I quickly pulled my cock out, which was difficult as it was semi erect and started to pee, though it was difficult through my erection. When I was finished I flushed the toilet and turned. Carrie was standing in the door and approached me.

She pushed me back against the counter.

I talked to Darby. Uh huh. She said that you can be my Christmas present. What? She said for me to come upstairs and give you a fuck you wouldn’t forget.

Now I know in most marriages this might sound hard to believe, but with Darby it just might be possible, besides I was in no state to argue. I was sitting on the counter and my cock was at full attention, a huge drop of pre-cum was on the tip.

I really shouldn’t do this. What will Jesus say? this is such a sin. I’m going to burn over you. I’m going to burn in hell all because I want this cock inside me, she said. But I don’t care. I don’t care. I need it. God help me I need your cock.

With these words she reached down and licked the tip of my cock while she finished pulling of my shoes and pants. When they were both off she took the entire length of my cock in her mouth. I could tell she was a bit inexperienced. The teeth were a bit too on the flesh and she gagged a bit when my cock hit the back of her throat, but she caught on fast and soon my cock was sliding in and out of her mouth.

She then reached down with her right hand and began frantically rubbing her clit. This is one of my favorite sights and quickly pushed me over the edge watching her masturbate herself with my cock sliding in and out of her mouth.

I felt my orgasm approaching and soon I was exploding inside her mouth. She worked to swallow every drop, hungrily lapping up the dribbles down the sides of her mouth. All the time she continued to rub her clit.

When I was finished my cock slid out of her mouth. I stood up and lifted her up on the counter, reached down and pulled off her panties that said “merry Christmas” on them. I threw them on the floor of the bathroom.

I sucked her toes a bit and reached inside her dress to expose her B cup breasts. I sucked one then the other nipple into my mouth and then returned to her lips for a kiss. I could taste a bit of my cum in her mouth. She was on fire. It had been years since I’ve seen a woman this hot.

I kissed my way down to her thighs, licked that spot just where the pussy meets the thigh, she writhed in agony wanting to feel my tongue on her pussy. 

What are you doing? She said. What do you think? I’ve. I, I. What sweetie? No one’s ever…

At that moment my tongue hit her slit, sneaking my way up to her clit.

Oh my god she said. Oh my god! You are evil.

I licked up and down a bit and then slid a finger into her pussy. He juices were flowing down toward her ass. My tongue returned to her pussy and with one of my fingers I pushed into her ass.

Oh my god! Was all she could say. 

My two fingers squirmed their way deep into her pussy and ass and then I pressed them together almost touching, separated only by that thin piece of skin that separates the ass from the pussy, both deep inside, while I sucked her clit and lapped up the copious juices that were flowing everywhere. I need a towel, I thought.

I continued on and on. Her pussy tasted sweet and a bit salty. I really dug the fact that she was so hot and into it. She came and came and come again, her whole body shivered at my touch and she said, Oh my god over and over again.

Oh my god, oh god. Please forgive me for what I’m, I’m, I’m coming…

The fifth or sixth orgasm flowed out of her with such intensity that she knocked everything off of the counter. My face was drenched in her juices. My shirt was drenched with her juices. Darby gets wetter than any woman I’ve ever seen, but this is ridiculous. Carrie’s clit was so hard that it looked like, I know this is a cliché, but a small cock poking through the hood. I finally noticed how big it was. My god, I thought.

Carrie had her eyes closed. I know that she had reached that point where her clit was throbbing with incredible intensity so I stopped sucking for a moment to let her calm down. She was sobbing. 

This is so wrong. This is so evil. I’m going to spend the rest of eternity in hell. 

She continued on and on with that for what must have been a couple of minutes, but it felt like 10. I tried to console her saying it was ok, god is not against us enjoying ourselves as long as we don’t hurt one another.

Soon we were kissing again, her tongue fucked me indicating that she was ready.

Fuck me. Stick your cock inside me and fuck my brains out. I don’t care anymore I just need your cock.

I looked down and there was a puddle of juices on the counter. I waited just a second wanting to tease her a bit.

She couldn’t wait and started to rub her clit again for me. It was a frantic rubbing of a woman in a demonic sexual frenzy. She rubbed the clit like she was possessed. Soon she came again and literally spurted liquid out of her pussy.

Well my cock was raging and she was 10 levels beyond me. My cock touched her pussy lips and she reached down to guide me in…

Darby burst into the bathroom in a rage! 

You fucking bitch! This is the thanks I get for putting up with your crap!

I’d never seen her like this. She pushed me back, grabbed Carrie by the hair, and dragged her into the bedroom.

Darby’s Irish rage was fuming. She threw Carrie down on the floor and said take off your clothes you fucking whore!

Forgive me lord. Forgive me lord. Forgive me Darby. I’m so sorry. The devil made me do it.

Don’t blame anybody but yourself. You did this. Now take off your clothes or I’m going to rip your fucking eyes out.

But this is a sin. This is a sin.

So is lying and fucking somebody else’s husband.

Carrie stood up meekly, too weak to argue and then continued sobbing. The dress buttoned up the front. She undid the remaining buttons and lifted it over her head. The only thing left was her bra.

Take the bra off bitch!

Carrie did as she was told, and stood naked before us. I never really have noticed her body, but she was much nicer naked than I had imagined. Her breasts were small, maybe like a 34b, but her nipples were sort of puffy. Her pussy was hairy, only occasionally trimmed, dirty blonde like her hair, and her ass was well formed form the aerobics and hot yoga she was constantly talking about. There was just enough fat to let us know that aerobics and hot yoga were only occasional pursuits.

Darby then grabbed her hair again, threw her on the bed, where Carrie sobbed in pain. Darby used the moment of contrition to go to our night stand, open the drawer and take out a pair of handcuffs. She pulled Carrie’s hands behind her and cuffed them together.

Darby then stood up and began to remove her clothes. She walked to me standing in the doorway still a bit stunned, kissed me passionately on the lips offering me her tongue. I took it in my mouth and thought to myself how much I loved this sexy angel.

Darby then walked to the closet and grabbed one of her wide designer leather belts. She slapped it against her hand a time or two and walked over to Carrie whose eyes were not bulging out of her sockets like golf balls.

What are you going to do? I’m going to teach you a lesson. I’m sorry. I know, but you don’t fuck my husband without my permission. I, I… Shut up. I’m tired of hearing you speak. Now turn over? No.

Darby got that look in her eyes she gets when she’s had enough. The Irish blood was boiling. She jumped into Carrie and wrestled her onto her back. It wasn’t hard given Carrie’s cuffed hands and then Darby let into her backside with the belt. I was amazed at Darby’s intensity. The red marks began to rise on Carrie’s white bottom. Carrie was crying and trying to raise her hips off the bed. For a moment, I thought the beating was too intense, the pain too much, but then I noticed the familiar liquid shooting out of her pussy. My god I thought, could this be turning her on?

The whipping continued until Carrie’s white ass was now a solid bright red. Darby then pushed her onto her back and straddled her face.

There was an equal look of shock on Carrie’s faces as Darby lowered her pussy onto Carrie’s lips. 

Lick me, Darby demanded. No, this is wrong. Lick me or. She raised the belt and Carrie’s tongue reached out and licked up and down Darby’s pussy.

I could see the excitement build on Darby’s face. She looked back at me and gave a hopeful sign. I knew that if Carrie was taking care of her the way she had taken care of me in the bathroom, Darby was feeling pretty good right now.

Carrie took to pussy eating pretty quickly. She writhed on the bed as she tried to duplicate the things I had done to her earlier. He tongue flicked back and forth across Darby’s clit and she slipped a finger inside my wife’s pussy.

Soon Carrie was sucking my wife’s clit and Darby’s orgasm built. Darby pressed her thighs together nearly suffocating poor Carrie. Finally, Darby began to cum flooding Carrie’s face with her juices.

Darby climbed off and kissed Carrie. Their tongues mingled and Darby eagerly licked her own juices from Carrie’s face. Darby always loved the taste of her own juices and seemed to really enjoy the kiss. I have to admit, they are both great kissers.

I could see the guilt hit Carrie. She began mumbling something about what a terrible sin she’d just committed, but Darby and I paid no notice. Darby got on her hands and knees and offered her pussy to me.

Now naked I thrust my cock into Darby and savored the feeling my wife’s pussy now wrapped around my raging cock. I pumped in and out just like she likes and she reached down to play with her throbbing clit.

Carrie’s guilt trip abated for a moment and she tried to push her pussy into Darby’s face, but Darby was not about to bring her any pleasure. She pushed her away not wanting to interrupt the delicious fuck we were now engaged in.

Carrie stood up and hobbled around trying to figure out how to ease some of her tension. She looked over to our overstuffed sitting chair with huge arms. She straddled the arm and rubbed her pussy frantically across the leather arm trying to bring herself to a long overdue orgasm.

Meanwhile, I was in heaven thrusting into my wife and watching Carrie fuck my leather chair. Carrie’s breasts were riding high. I noticed them for the first time. Her nipples must have hurt they were so hard. I also could see her juices running down the arm of my favorite chair. 

Carrie came again and again as did Darby. Finally, Darby and I built towards an orgasm and I flooded her insides with my cum.

I withdrew finally. Darby rolled over on her back.

Come lick us clean.

Carrie meekly approached and sucked my cock clean of Darby’s juices and squeezed my cock from base to tip bringing every last drop of come out. Darby spread her legs and Carrie dove in eating out all of my juices and gave her another orgasm. God it was sexy to watch this “holier than though” eat my wife’s pussy.

Carrie then rolled onto her back exhausted. I looked at my wife and stuck my cock back into Carrie’s face. She sucked it softly this time as though it were something she now cherished. I pushed my cock in and out of her mouth. I missed her hands wrapped around my cock, but something about her utter submission to us was quite intoxicating. My cock was soon hard and Carrie spread her legs.

I was quite eager to fuck her, but Darby quickly stopped us.

No, she demanded. You can’t fuck her pussy. At least not now.

Darby please. I need his cock! She sobbed this over and over. Please I’ll do anything. Just please let him fuck me. Please. I’m begging you.

I’ll let him fuck you, but not your pussy.

Carrie gave a curious look to my wife who then pushed her onto her knees, her head supported by a pillow, her hands still tied behind her back.

Her ass was now pointed up in the air at me. Her cheeks a glorious red color. I could see her dripping pussy. The hair soaked from the numerous orgasms she’d already had.

Carrie looked on trying to figure out just what Darby had in mind. What buttons she was now trying to push.

Darby dipped her fingers inside Carrie’s pussy. This brought on a curious moan and some relief from Carrie. Then she withdrew her finger, soaking from her juices, then pushed them against the outer edge of Carrie’s ass.

No, Darby I’ve never. He’ll never fit. I’ve never had anybody there before.

Shut up.

She slowly worked her finger in wiggling it around. Soon Carrie did not seem to mind moaning repeatedly. Soon she pushed in two fingers and when Carrie was taking them with ease she inserted another bringing her to three.

Beg Tony to fuck you. My pussy? No your ass. But.. But nothing. You want him in your ass don’t you? Don’t make me say it. Say it or I’ll get my belt.

She thought about this for a second.

Fuck me. Where? Don’t make me say it. God will never forgive me. Darby got up to get the belt.

Carrie turned and looked me in the eye.

Tony. Fuck my ass. Fuck my ass. I want you to fuck me up the butt. I want you in my ass now.

I walked up to her and pushed my head against her puckered rosebud and began pushing in. It was difficult at first. Carrie buried her head in the pillow, my cock pushing against her sphincter.
