 I am not normal.

I am sure you have heard that a thousand times before and yet I need to make it perfectly clear to you, my dear readers.

I am not normal.

I have had an irregular life since the day I was born late in the afternoon on a cold winter day in Chicago almost, not quite but nearly, in the back seat of a taxi.

Since that day my parents have long since thrown up their arms in disgust and given up on me, their middle child.

It took me a long time to come to the realization that I am not normal. Three years of therapy, four years without sex and five years since my last serious relationship have given me plenty of time to consider the state of my life. 

I have come to the realization that I must face the hurdles of my torment, face the demons and grab life by the horns. That is how I came to be here on this day of all days.

It is July on the east coast of the USA. I will not specify location other than that. It is a hot day, the sun glaring down at me from high above. Sweat is beading up on my forehead. I brush my long dark curls out of my face and stand, quietly, behind the oversized shrub before me. I am nude.

Nude!

Years of therapy made me realize I was too conservative, too afraid and too quaint. I had had a repeated dream my entire adult life about being nude in public. It is a dream many of us have but not nearly as disgustingly life-threatening as mine. I would wake up from them in a cold sweat, unable to breathe or move until my mind finally processed that I was alone, home and no one was watching me.

My therapist has a favorite saying: Face your fears. Perhaps this is not what she had in mind exactly. I cannot accuse her of prescribing that I go out nude in public to overcome my recurring nightmare. God no, she did not. But the meaning was implied. And I did have friends that went to nude beaches and nude places so I was not completely uneducated about nudity in public. As a matter of fact, my friend had told me about this place located about 30 miles from the shore in a ritzy if less than conservative neighborhood filled with adults with too much money and too much time on their hands.

So bolstered with a pitcher of martinis, I had called the office of Eden, a Nudist Colony for Adults, and found out they allowed day passes on a regular basis. Then the next day, nursing a hangover with a pack of cigarettes and one really large Bloody Mary, I took a lengthy shower, thoroughly removing all unwanted body hair. I took a small bag filled with what I considered essentials and got into my car to make the drive to Eden. It was not a long drive and although my mind whirred with the idea of turning around and going home, I did not consider that as a serious option.

When I arrived, my ID was carefully looked over by a woman who had, it appeared, had a few too many ham and cheese omelettes during the course of her life. Not to say that she was obese but she had a greasy sort of figure that made me think of eggs. She gave me the general rundown about rules and regulations and I signed a waiver. Then I was off.

Off my rocker! No, no, no, no getting chicken and running now, girl, I kept telling myself as I worked my way through the coed locker room. I took some time getting completely nude and started small in my bikini. Then I had taken my bag filled with a towel, a flask, a pack of cigarettes, my cell phone and condoms (hey, you never know!), tucked it under my arm and headed outside. Outside is where all the nudists were. I was still in my bikini and I tried not to stare at those who were not as shy as me and were prancing about in full frontal nudity. I also tried desperately not to blush. 

I snuck off the well worn path behind a large, ideally placed bush which I was still behind at the moment. But I was nude! I had slipped off my bikini bathing suit and tucked it into my bag. And I stood patiently behind the shrub waiting for my courage to catch up with my lack of inhibitions. When it finally did, I stepped out onto the path and right into an extremely attractive blonde who had the nicest set of breasts I recalled ever seeing life and not in a porn movie.

"Oh, excuse me!" I cried, embarrassed.

"Not to worry," she replied, nonplussed, "I'm Shalimar."

Shalimar! Okay, I was thinking, I guess we use fake names here. Let me try one on for size. "Nice to meet you, Shalimar, my name is Tabitha."

The one called Shalimar just smiled and murmured softly, her voice like a gentle wind caressing my skin, "Ah, your first time, Tabitha? I don't recall seeing you in Eden before."

I thought I was holding up under the pressure fairly well so I will admit I was a bit disappointed that she had figured out already that this was my first time. "Yes, my first visit, Shalimar. Perhaps you can show me around."

I hoped I did not come off as some horny bitch in need even though I was one. And Shalimar was hot. I was at the time a devout heterosexual but there was something I always found about women that just made me want more. I feared Shalimar could read my thoughts and perhaps she could because she took my hand and let me to a secluded grotto within Eden.

It was small, circular, and featured a small bed in the middle. I guess the people of Eden were into more than nudity! The bed was not fancy and was not really a bed at all, just a few blankets laid out next to a beautiful fountain that featured some intoxicatingly naked nymphs playing with each other. I felt myself drawn to Shalimar and moved in closer, my hands of their own volition moved up to capture her full lovely breasts. She was a few inches shorter than my self and I found myself bending down to kiss her lush lips. Soon we were tongue to tongue, locked in a passionate kiss of need.

I am not sure who led whom but the next thing I knew she was laying on her back in the blankets, her feet flat upon them, her thighs spread, her knees up. And my face was plastered to her hairless pussy which I was licking and teasing with sweet abandon. I had never tasted another woman's cunt before so this was an exciting experience for me. I was lost in the soft honeyed sweetness of her need and did not hear anything else going on around me except her mews of passion. This was something I truly had not expected but then I was glad for it. This woman beneath me was more than beautiful, she was bewitching and she tasted like desert.

But there I was naked in this grotto, eating out this delectable blonde, my ass pushed high in the air. I was not surprised at all when I felt something or should I say someone moving in behind me. My bag lay forgotten by me but the contents were spilling out and the gentleman behind me, hands on my hips, had helped himself to a condom I later discovered. I also later discovered his name was Jorge, he was 6' 2", impossibly dark skinned with tan over natural color and well endowed. He greeted Shalimar, someone he obviously knew well, and made some remarks about unable to resist such a scene. 

He moved in behind me then he moved in inside me, his thick full cock almost immediately deeply seeded inside me. I let out a gasp of surprised passion as he filled me but I was not about to protest. Rather, I turned my face back into the divine pussy before me as Jorge grabbed hold of my rounded hips and began to fuck me with exquisite intensity, moving in and out of me with sustained movements, making me feel delightfully filled just as I needed to be. All the while, my tongue was getting the work out of its life as I continue to lap up the juices of Shalimar while Jorge began to work harder at my underused cunt. My own need was growing by leaps and bounds and I began to rock back against him, accepting every deep thrust with my own unparalleled need.

Just as I was getting into the rhythm of our scene, enjoying the softness of Shalimar in juxtaposition with the hardness of Jorge as he plowed into me, another vision appeared within the grotto. I took a moment to look up at her and was reminded suddenly of Lady Godiva. This woman had hair to her hips, white as snow, and breasts to rival Shalimar's. She said her name was Analise and she moved ever closer, like a mist creeping in upon the scene. She also appeared to know Shalimar and Jorge and soft words of greeting were mentioned. I felt completely outside of the loop at this point but with Jorge's cock barreling into my long empty cunt and my tongue swirling over Shalimar's delightful pussy, I was more than occupied and let my thoughts wander, forgetting about Analise for now.

When I next took a break from sucking up Shalimar's juices, I looked up to see that Analise was straddling Shalimar's face while Shalimar was drinking out of Analise just as I was drinking out of her. I shuddered with excitement, all the while Jorge was continuing to pump in and out of me. I am sure he was enjoying the show of these three women, myself including, eating each other out and getting pleasure from the moment. I had never once in my entire short but memorable life imagined I would be involved in a foursome with two other women but there was something about this place, this Eden that let my inhibitions go. My entire body shivered with pleasure, my skin covered with goose bumps as I ate out Shalimar and was fucked by Jorge as Shalimar ate out Analise.

And there we were the four of us, lost to our passions in and of each other, sucking and being fucked when a fifth appeared. Another man, not as dark as Jorge but very tan and also well hung, who again appeared to know all the players, entered the grotto. He too immediately became hard as a rock watching the play. Without waiting, he stepped over the prone body of Shalimar to begin feeding his long hard cock into the waiting mouth of Analise. She was, after all, straddling Shalimar's face and her mouth was quite empty. When I glanced up, I got to see his nice firm ass cheeks as he fucked her mouth. He was tall, dark and handsome and later I would discover his eyes were a blue as the Caribbean Sea.

The sounds in the grotto became passionate then as we all became involved in our own pleasure. Jorge was continuing to pump away into my cunt while Jarrod, as I later discovered was his name, was fucking Analise' mouth, not once pausing as I ate out Shalimar. Shalimar herself continued to tease the cunt of Analise who remained straddled over her face. And Analise continued to swallow Jarrod's cock while her own pussy was licked and fucked by the adoring tongue of Shalimar. It was hard for me to believe that I was really here and really involved in this group. But I was not going to allow myself to consider, I just wanted to feel and to enjoy. So that is what I did.

The action continued for quite awhile, with me rocking back to meet Jorge's thrusts while Jarrod grabbed hold of Analise' face with both hands to give her a good face fuck. My mouth was buried in Shalimar so I made soft sounds of pleasure when I was able, as did Shalimar since her own face was buried in Analise' cunt. The guys were the ones making the most noise as their mouths were open and available and they grunted and groaned with passion. God only knew what anyone who came upon us would have thought, cock, breasts and pussies out and being teased and used and brought to the edge of excitement

Having been without sex for so long, I quickly began to cum which Jorge amusingly announced to all present as then he too began to cum. Jorge's words seem to cause a domino effect as Shalimar began to cum into my mouth and, from her mews and growls of pleasure, I assumed Analise did as well. Jarrod threw back his head and came with a triumphant roar, drowning out the soft sounds of pleasure being emitted by the women. Men are such beasts! But I could not fault either of them for enjoying the play since I knew that I had enjoyed it as much as they did and from the amount of juices flowing from Shalimar and into my mouth, I could safely say for her that she did as well.

All contented like cats, we snuggled up together on the splayed blankets, arms and legs wrapped around each other like a cocoon. When they all discovered I was new to Eden, I was warmly welcomed. I asked, out of curiosity, if this was the normal way new people were welcomed to the nudist colony. Shalimar laughed and said no but that when she first laid eyes on me, she saw a need creeping out. Perhaps she was right. It had been a very long time since I had had such an amazing orgasm. I purred with pleasure and made a mental note to myself to thank my therapist when I saw her later in the week.

Even though it was my first visit to Eden, it was not my last. And, as it turned out, it was not even the most amazing of my visits. Jorge turned out to be an extremely funny and entertaining man whom I ended up spending many exciting hours with. But for now, for this visit, I was spent and tired. The excitement of the scene and the intensity of my orgasm were more than I could bear and I fell asleep. When I awoke, I was alone in the grotto. I picked up my bag and headed back to the locker room where I got dressed and made my way to my car to drive home.

I never had my nightmare about being nude in public again.