 The Interview-

It's cold out. Colder than usual for October. The ski season might start early this year. I sit at a table outside a national chain coffee shop (you know the one) as my husband sits inside talking to two men. I'm supposed to wait here and he will send them out to talk to me if they pass this first interview with him. I sip on my coffee, all bundled up with my cute little knit cap on and a scarf around my neck. I'm still a bit surprised my husband is going through with his "early birthday gift" idea. I'm still not 100% sure about me going through with it either!

Two men in their late 30s/early 40's come walking out of the coffee shop and start to walk over to my little table. As they approach I try not to smile too widely. It is not everyday someone walks up to introduce themselves to you face to face for the first time but you already know exactly what they look like nude. Jack has already given me their pictures to approve before moving on to this stage of the interview process, lol.

They introduce themselves, tell me Jack sent them to talk to me and I ask them to go ahead and sit down. I ask them to give me a quick description of what they do for work, and what they like, sexually and non-sexually. The first one to speak, Don, is about 6 foot tall and built just how I like my men, barrel chested, broad shouldered and rugged. Dark hair, dark beard with just a slight touch of gray. He looks like he just walked out of a chainsaw commercial, lol. He tells me his friend, Kenny, and he enjoy having 3somes with women. They are bi, both divorced and after a particularly fun Christmas party with an office worker from the construction company they work for they've been meeting women together whenever they can. I ask how many women they've met from their online profile and Kenny tells me they've been at this about 8 months and I would be the 3rd woman they've played with, not including the co-worker.

Kenny tells me that nothing is off limits outside of anything to do with watersports or waste, blood and actual physical harm. I agree with their limits and I ask if either of them have ever been pegged with a strap on and Don says yes, once his ex did and he would love to try it again. 

Don and Kenny each take turns telling me a little about themselves and I am trying to pay attention to what they are saying and take it all in but my mind keeps wandering to their nude photos. Don has some very nice tattoos under his shirt and an ass to die for. Kenny is shorter and slighter than Don, but very tight bodied, that wiry kind of muscular and has a very large cock. Easily 9" and quite thick. Don is no slouch in the cock department, but Kenny is swinging. Kenny has short light brown hair, receding just a bit, and is cute, if not handsome. Clean shaven, he is a contrast from the Viking bearded Don. This could be a lot of fun.

Don is speaking and when I bring myself back into the present I hear him say that he thinks we'd have a great time together and he hopes he and Kenny meet our standards.

I try to hold back a wide smile and it turns into a wicked grin.

"Yes, I think you two fit the bill." I say. "Excuse me while I talk with my husband for a moment."

"Of course" they both say and actually stand as I stand up. My, what gentlemen!

I walk into the coffee shop and Jack is sitting at a table, sipping his drink and smiling as I approach and sit.

"You like them, don't you?" he asks.

I try to hide my enthusiasm. "Yes, they seem nice." I answer.

Jack laughs. "Ok, you ready to go on and take them back to the hotel?" he asks.

I hesitate for just a moment. This is a big step. 

"You're sure you're ok with this? We've never played separately before. I, ..I don't know. It's kind of weird." I say

"Margie, I love you. I know you love me. We have had some seriously deviant and decadent fun in our time together. I know one of the few things left on your wishlist is to have a 3some with some bi male action to it. If I thought I'd really enjoy fucking a guy for you I would do it, but I doubt I could stay hard. You've given me everything I've ever asked for, I can certainly return this favor for you. Remember that redhead Britt from our vacation a couple summers ago? Hell, this is the least I can do!" Jack smiled and leaned in towards me.

"I'll be in the hotel bar. We've got our signals clear and I know what to do if anything goes sideways. But I have no problem with these guys, they seem like genuinely good dudes and I think you're gonna have a great time. So, let's not keep those guys freezing outside. Shall we?" He gestures to the door with a sweep of his hand and I smile and stand. I am truly blessed and I will surely show Jack my appreciation at the first opportunity.

We head to the door and Don and Kenny stand up and look at us.

"We're in the black rental Dodge 300. Follow us?" Jack says.

Don and Kenny smile and nod and off we walk towards the parking lot.

To The Room-

Jack and I confirm our plan. Jack will walk us to the room and let us in. I am to text him after every orgasm (LOL) and if more than 1 hour goes by without him hearing from me, he will come to the room and confirm that everything is good. If I send a thumbs up emoji, he knows that is a signal that things are bad and I can't tell him as much. He'll be in the hotel bar watching sports until I tell him I need him or I'm all fucked out, lol.

I ask Jack if the boys are still behind us and he says yes, they're following us just fine. I can't help but think this would be their chance to run off into the night if I did not meet their standards and they were too afraid to tell us back at the coffee shop.

We pull to the lodge we're staying at and Jack pulls into our reserved spot. He gets out and points to where Don and Kenny need to park to avoid being towed and in a moment we are all walking towards our room. 

The lodge is set up like little cabins and we walk right up to the door. Jack uses his card key and opens the door and holds it for us. 

"Have fun." He says and gives me a wink as Kenny, Don and I all walk by him into the room. I look into his eyes as I enter and he gives me a smile that both reassures me and turns me on at the same time.

The lights were left on and muted porn is on the TV. (Jack is ever so thinking ahead.) There is a tube of lube, and a string of condoms on the dresser below the TV, right next to two different dildos, one already in a harness. There are bottles of water on ice and a bottle of whiskey on the table next to some glasses. I tell Don and Kenny to relax and pour themselves a drink, and me one too, please, and I'll be right back.

I walk into the bathroom and close the door. I can't believe how nervous I feel. I've had plenty of group sex, wild times in public places and still my knees knock like a young girl. I steady myself on the counter and look myself in the eye in the bathroom mirror. "OK Margie, this is it. Don't wimp out now!" I tell myself and begin to peel off my layers. 

My coat, scarf, knit cap and shirt all come off and soon I get down to nothing but my thong. I pull the sheer camisole night gown off the hanger hanging on the back of the door and slip it on over my head. I straighten up my hair a little and put on some pink lip gloss. In this light blue nightie and my white thong, I must admit I think I look pretty fuckable. I take one more deep breath and out into the room I go.

Don and Kenny are still dressed and sipping on whiskey and rocks. Don is standing on the far side of the room, near the window and Kenny is sitting at the table near the TV. Bi 3some porn plays on the hotel adult movie channel and I notice the action on the screen and I can feel my nipples harden, knowing that I'm about to be doing something very similar.

I set my phone on the nightstand by the bed. Kenny offers me a glass and I take it and thank him and sit at the end of the bed. I take a drink and love the sensation of the whiskey in my throat and how soon it begins to buzz in my head as well. Motioning towards the TV I break the silence first.

"Enjoying the show?" I ask, gesturing to the porn.

Don answers first. "Yeah, it's pretty good stuff." Kenny nods in agreement and I pat the bed.

"Well, come watch with me." I say as I take another drink.

Don sits to my left and Kenny on my right and we look at the scene in front of us. I'm not sure of the set up but it seems to be one of those "Accidentally bi" type of scenarios. A guy is lying behind a woman, fucking her from behind while another is sliding his cock into the woman's mouth. In a "slip", the woman allows the cock to leave her mouth and it "accidentally" goes into the other guy's mouth. We all laugh at the ridiculousness of it. And I feel Kenny's hand on my bare thigh. I smile and lay my hand on Don's thigh. Don smiles at me and I say "I think you both have too many clothes on."

They take my cue and stand and start to disrobe. I lean forward and set my now empty glass on the dresser with the TV and slide down to the floor in front of Don and begin to help him with his belt. I look back towards Kenny and motion for him to come over as well. 

Kenny steps out of his pants and walks towards Don and I. He's wearing good old fashioned tightie whiteys and his bulge is prodigious. I'm sliding Don's jeans down and he steps out of them with his full hard on pitching a tent in his boxer briefs. I turn so I am right in between my brand new friends and I place a hand at each of their waistbands. I look up and smile at them and they are both broadly smiling back. My fingers just inside their waistbands against their skin, I say "Let's have us some fun." 

I pull each of their underwear down and really enjoy that moment when their hard or hardening cocks spring free. They each help me push their briefs down and I slide my hand over to Kenny's cock and stroke it as I lean towards Don's for the first time and open my lips to suckle on the head. Don's trimmed brown pubes tickle my nose very lightly as I slowly slide his cock all the way to the back of throat and put my nose to his pelvis. MMMM, nice. I suck on his cock with it fully in my mouth, slow pulsing sucks and Don lets out a moan and places his hand on my head lightly. I keep my left hand moving up and down Kenny's cock and fell it grow completely stiff in my hand.

I rise up a little on my knees and start acting like a greedy girl with two popsicles, going back and forth, licking up and down their cocks, sucking on the heads and working on their balls every so often. Don and Kenny love my work and show me through their moans, dirty words of encouragement and stroking of my shoulders and hair. Don reaches down and gives my right nipple a little pinch. They move a little closer together and I take their cocks and rub the heads together while I lick them, and they both moan.

"Oh fuck yeah, that is hot!" Kenny says. And I am getting wetter and wetter by the second. I reach over and grab Kenny's hand and pull him down to me. He gets on his knees next to me and I offer him Don's cock. Kenny looks me in the eyes as he opens his mouth and takes his friend's dick into his lips.

Oh fucking hell that is every bit as hot as I thought it would be, sucking cock with a man. Kenny has skills and deep throats his buddy Don and Don shows his appreciation is his deep breaths and groans. I decide to help him and I spread Don's feet apart a bit and lean in under Kenny to work on Don's balls. Don "oohs" and "aahs" as Kenny and I please him with our tongues and lips. I lick up to the base of Don's cock and Kenny moves to one side and we each take a side and lick up the length of Don's cock, looking into each other's eyes as we do. 

I am as turned on as I may have EVER been! I've done this very act with other women and have always wondered how it would be pleasing a man with a man and it is all I could've hoped for.

Kenny must be able to see my lust in my eyes because he takes the initiative and pulls away from Don and stands up.

"Let's show Margie some attention." He says and nudges Don. Don reaches down and helps me, and once I am standing he gives me a little lift (no small feat) and deposits me on my ass on the bed. I look up at my two new friends and can't believe how lucky I am. Kenny's tight little runner's build standing right next to Don, burly, buff and broad chested. Don's tattoo on his upper chest and shoulder is an intricate design, Celtic I'm thinking, and the black ink almost shines.

Don grabs my ankles and lifts them up, then reaches down to remove my thong. I lift my ample ass to allow him to pull them over my hips and once he has them past my ankles he is licking down my leg from my ankle to my inner thigh. I catch my breath in pleasure as Kenny has climbed on the bed and has pulled my right breast free of my camisole and is sucking and nibbling on my nipple while massaging my other breast with his left hand. I place a hand on Kenny's head and then I feel Don's tongue work up the length of my slit and his soft beard brush the inside of the thigh. Oh shit damn hell, I am getting spoiled tonight!

This goes on for about 10 minutes or so, with Kenny going from tit to tit, sucking and chewing on my nipples and Don eating my pussy with passion. As Kenny gets up on his knees and leans across me to get at my right breast, I reach down and stroke his hard cock. This may be easily the biggest cock I have ever touched or seen in person. Goddamn the skinny fellas can pack a big wallop sometimes! I stroke him as he sucks on my nipples. 

Don slips a finger in my pussy as he sucks on my clit and I pull Kenny closer to me so I can get some of this cock in mouth. I suck Kenny as best I can but I must admit, it is getting very hard to focus. I am surprised at how fast my orgasm is approaching. Kenny's focused attention on my nipples combined with Don's oral skills have me on the edge of orgasm much faster than I would have expected.

I let Kenny's cock free of my lips and begin to pant and groan. My audible pleasure does nothing but make Kenny and Don focus their efforts and really go to town on me. Before I know it I am coming, hard and loud and oh my fucking god this is great. Don plants his mouth firmly around my entire labia and I curl my toes and squeeze Kenny's cock with my hand maybe a little tighter than he'd prefer but he does not complain.

I ease down from my orgasmic state with Don and Kenny gently kissing my breasts, shoulders and stomach and each of their hands massaging my thighs and pussy. I have a hand on either of their heads as they lay on both sides of me. My oh my, I don't what I did to deserve this but damn, this is heavenly.

Don gets up to get himself one of the bottles of water and asks Kenny and me if we need one too. I say "Yes please!" and get up on my elbows and reach for my phone. Kenny stands so I can get to the nightstand, his half hard cock swinging like a branch in a breeze.

"One second boys." I say and send Jack a smiley face emoji so he knows all is well. Shit, I think, all is fantastic!

Don walks up to hand me the bottle of water and I can't help but notice his 7" or so cock is still standing at full attention. I smile and reach out to stroke it with one hand as I take the water with the other.

Don chokes back to keep from spitting the water he just sipped as I give his cock a playful tug. I scoot to the edge of the bed and give his cock a little kiss on the head as I stand up and stretch a bit. 

To the toys-

"MMM damn! This is off to a great start!" I say and take a gulp of water. I turn to set my water bottle down and see the toys Jack bought for this night on the dresser. MMM, yes, it is time to really fulfill some fantasies now!

I turn and say "Um, ok, can I suggest something? I have an idea."

"Jack told us part of the deal is that we are to do whatever you want. That you wouldn't ask us to do anything we wouldn't enjoy and that you are in charge." Don said.

Kenny then added "So, to hell with suggesting, tell us what you want Margie!"

"MMM, it must be my birthday! Two hunks of manly sexiness at my service! I must've won the lottery!" I say. "Ok then, Don, on your back on the bed! Kenny, come down here with me." I say, waving him over the foot of the bed.

Don slides to the center of the bed on his back. "Scoot down here hon, hang your legs over the edge by us please." I direct. Don scoots down and with Kenny next to me, I spread Don's knees out and nod for Kenny to kneel with me. "C'mon Kenny, let's play."

Kenny kneels next to me and I lean in and spread Don's legs as wide as possible. Don takes the next step and lifts his legs and grabs his knees. His cock is at attention and his balls hang there near the edge of the bed for us, his slightly hairy ass exposed for us now too. I lean in and take Don's left ball into my mouth and suck it lovingly, slowly, rubbing my tongue against it in my mouth. Kenny comes in and does the same to his right nut, our chins and cheeks touching as we do. I am so wet I am practically leaking. Kenny releases Don's testicle and slides his tongue down the inside of the crease between Don's sack and his thigh and proceeds to rim him. Don groans and gasps and I feel his hand on the top of my head as I lick the opposite direction and work up to his lovely cock and take the pre-cum off the tip. Kenny and I work over Don, working up and down his cock in tandem, going from thick head to his ass and back again over and over, stopping at various points and giving focused attention. I moved up and swallow Don's cock, going all the way down on it and Kenny comes up and kisses my cheeks and runs his tongue along my lips where they bottom out at the base of Don's cock. I squeal with delight with a mouthful of Don!

I stand up and Kenny keeps sucking Don. I turn and grab the strap on harness and begin to secure it around my hips. I straighten up my nightie and the hem of my cami rests on the toy. The 8" red dildo bounces in front of me as I adjust the elastic waistband around me. I pull the edge of nightie out of the way, grab the lube and slather it all over the thick fake cock I now brandish at my crotch. I look at Don and he is smiling at me in a lustful haze, I'm sure due to the anticipation seeing me with the strap on and the skillful head he is getting from Kenny.

"Can I have at that, Kenny baby?" I ask. Kenny see me standing with my fake cock swinging and his eyes widen. 

"You look fucking hot! That is sexy as hell, Margie. Let me get out of your way." Kenny says and climbs on the bed, moving up closer to Don's face.

I walk up with the lube in my hand and begin to pour some onto my fingers. Looking down at this big muscular man lying in front of me, knowing I'm going to get to fuck his ass has me at a fever pitch of excited! I take Don's dick in one hand, stroking slowly and begin to rub my lubed fingers around Don's tight anus. Kenny is stroking his own cock, watching with wide eyes, almost drooling.

I slip my finger inside Don and he lets out the sexiest low groan. I finger fuck his ass for a few moments, going a tad deeper with every motion until I am knuckle deep in his ass. I pull out my finger and grab my fake cock and position the head at his asshole. My legs are trembling I'm so excited. 

Kenny grabs Don's legs and holds them up by the knees for me. I have one hand on Don's raised leg and the other holding my temporary cock. I press the fat head to Don's ass and begin to push against it. Don begins to accept the tip into his ass, breathing deep as it slips in and I feel the telling give as it slips past his anus. I press on slowly, sliding in deeper and Don is moaning a deep, primal moan that has my clit throbbing. 

Kenny half whispers "Fuck, yesssssss." as I slide into the hilt and my pelvis reaches Don's balls. I reach down and massage those sizable testicles and begin to work my hips and slide in and out of Don's ass. Kenny turns and places his cock at Don's bearded face and Don open his mouth and let's Kenny's cock slide over his lips. Kenny closes his eyes and sighs as his friend sucks on the head of his cock like someone trying to get the last bit of nectar from a fruit.
