 I just have to get all "Hallmark" for a second here. I love my husband so fucking much! He really is a great man, in so many ways. I love how he treats people, always tries to do the right thing, the honorable thing. I know I am biased, but he is such a great guy and I am very proud to be his wife. 

Oh, and he happens to a fantastic lover, and very willing and adventurous! He has indulged many of my fantasies (not like he didn't enjoy them too!) and he is very giving sexually and I have had such fun with him!

It's with that in mind that I share this fantasy with you...

Sitting on the patio of our hotel room, on the last day of our vacation, Jack and I were relaxing and reading. I looked at him and smiled a wicked grin, thinking to myself he has no clue what I've planned for tonight. I asked if he was ready to go shower and eat dinner and he said sure. We went and showered and I did my best to start teasing him. I soaped him up and stroked him just a little. He got hard and I kissed him and said "Let's end our vacation with a fun night baby...let's come to the room after dinner and let me show you how much I love you" as I had one hand squeezing his balls and the other gripping his ass. He smiled that wicked little smirk he gets and said "why wait?" I laughed and said "No, let's go eat first, you'll need your strength"

We dried off and got dressed and headed down to the restaurant. We sat down, ordered our drinks and food and I flirted with my husband. I made sure to wear a low cut shirt and I kept playing footsy under the table with him, rubbing his leg with my foot. He kept on smiling, thinking he knew what was in store for him. Our meals came and we ate and had a couple more drinks. The table was being cleared when my phone vibrated, giving me my cue that my plan was coming together. I excused myself to the restroom and made a production of leaning way down in front of him as I stood up from the table. 

I walked to the bathroom and there was Britt. She looked adorable in a little black skirt, short heels and a cute little black blouse. She looked nervous as hell. I smiled as she saw me walking towards her and said hi. "Are you sure you're up for this? I don't want to pressure you hon"

"No, I'm good. Can't freaking believe I'm doing this, but I'm ready"

I smiled and said I was glad. I gave her my room key and said I'd be bringing Jack back to the room within about 20 minutes or so. She said she'd be there and ready and I could feel my excitement building. I looked around quickly and no one was looking so I leaned in and gave Britt a quick kiss on the cheek and said thanks again. "I really hope you enjoy helping me please my husband and get some pleasure out of it yourself!"

She smiled and left quickly. I returned to the table and was smiling from ear to ear. Jack smiled back at me and asked "What has you so damn happy?"

I leaned in against him and whispered in his ear "The thought of making you cum so hard the next hotel over knows my name" and I kissed him hard on the lips, my tongue slipping in his mouth and roaming over every little bit it. I reached down below the table and squeezed his crotch and felt him harden in my hand. 

Our mouths parted and he grabbed the bill off the table. "Let's get the hell out of here" he said as he stood up to go pay. We paid up and walked out of the restaurant and headed down the paved open path back down towards our room. As we walked arm in arm with the summer breeze blowing I began to graphically describe what I was going to do to him, both to tease him and make him ache for me but also to give Britt plenty of time to get ready. 

"I'm going to roll your balls in my mouth and savor them, appreciating the feel of the smooth skin under your balls against my tongue."

"Damn, baby, what has gotten into you tonight?"

You'll be getting into me soon enough I said. He laughed and I said "You know what you deserve baby?" as we got within a few feet of our door. 

"What's that?" he asked

"The only thing better than my tongue on your cock...mine and another tongue pleasing you. Two warm wet hungry mouths devouring your cock"

"MM, that would be hot, we need to try and round up another playmate when we get home" he said as he opened our hotel room door.

We walked in and Britt was leaning against the dresser across from our bed and I said "Nah, why wait until we get home?"

Britt looked picture perfect. Her red hair hitting the top of her shoulders, she had taken off her skirt but left her black nylons on. No panties or bra, her blouse was on but open. Standing about 5'4" with the nicest little ass, I was glad I found someone who would contrast my curvy, busty frame and give Jack two different bodies to enjoy. Her smallish but delicious looking breasts exposed and her pink nipples standing at attention, she smiled at us.

Jack stammered and stuttered. "When, ...what..."

I turned to him and put my finger to his lips. "Shush. You have two willing and wanting women to please you in any way and every way you wish. Who cares when or how it came about? "

I waved Britt over and asked Jack as I dropped to my knees. "May we suck your cock now?"

Jack moaned as I undid his belt. "Why, of course" he said. Britt walked up and dropped to her knees beside me as I slid Jack's pants down and pulled his cock out of his boxer briefs. I held Jack's hard cock in my hand and offered it to Britt as she lowered herself in front of Jack. For some reason, I just love the sight of another woman taking my man's cock into her mouth while I feed it to her. She looked up at Jack as she put her lips around his head and I heard Jack moan with appreciation as she did. Britt and I then began to work over my man like he deserved. We took turns sucking his cock, then positioned ourselves to either side of him and licked up his shaft in unison until we met at the head. We fell into a sweet tongue kiss at the head of his cock and I know my Jack loved the attention and sight of the two of us worshipping his cock. 

I looked up at him and asked "Are we pleasing you? We are here for your pleasure baby, do with us what you want."

Jack moaned and closed his eyes and I felt his cock stiffen even more in my hand at my words of submission to him. He reached down and pulled us both up and pulled his pants up so he could walk to the bed. He then said "Undress me"

Britt and I worked as a team, taking my man's clothes off and kissing, caressing, stroking and licking as we got him completely nude. He sat back on the bed and looked at Britt. "My wife has far too many clothes on; can you remedy that for me?"

Britt obliged and helped me out of my blouse and peeled my slacks over my ample hips and ass. Jack was squeezing his hard cock as he edged back on the bed. Britt had me down to my panties and Jack said "Come here"

He motioned us to him and we made a show of crawling up the bed along his legs. We stopped at his cock and he removed his hand from it. I took it in my hand, looked up at him and asked "May we worship your cock?" I swear his cock pulsed in my hand at my words and he nodded. 

Holding his hardness, I offered him to Britt again. She licked her lips bent down; licking his cock head all around, making sure her ice cream cone wasn't going to melt. She then wrapped her lips around it and began to suck my man's cock. I spread Jack's legs out and leaned down to give his balls some love. I did just what I told him I would, rolling his big balls around in my mouth, running my tongue along the smooth underside of his sack. He moaned and caressed my hair as I did. I spun my legs around to get better access to his balls and that gave him better access to my ass. Jack began rubbing my ass then moved his hand to my pussy. I got my ass up in the air, giving him a clear path. Britt noticed what I did and followed suit. Soon Jack hand two handfuls, caressing and fingering us both, Britt in his left hand and me in his right. 

After a little of Jack's talented fingers, Britt, let him pop out of her mouth and began moaning and gasping. Jack worked harder at making our new friend come. I looked over and saw Jack had two fingers in her pussy and was pumping her good. She had her head resting on Jack's thigh, eyes closed, mouth agape as she came loudly to my husband's handy work.

As Britt lay there recovering from her orgasm, I moved and straddled Jack, reverse cowgirl style, and lowered myself on to his cock. Not my favorite position, but I had a plan. As I rode Jack, Britt looked up at me as she regained her composure. I motioned down and Britt picked up what I wanted quickly. She got in between Jack's legs and began licking and sucking his balls as I rode him. We ended up sliding down to the edge of the bed, so Britt could be on her knees on the floor and Jack's legs were hanging over the side, giving Britt a nice shot and allowing her to really work his balls and my clit as she alternated back and forth.

I rode Jack as best I could, leaning back and bracing myself with my hands in his. Jack began pumping his cock into me, using the leverage he had from having his feet on the floor. Soon I was coming from his thrusts and Britt's tongue. I felt Jack beginning to shoot inside me and I rose up, letting his cock free. Britt took a shot of his cum in her hair before grabbing his cock and letting the rest land in her mouth. It was super hot. I lucked out getting such a hot and sexy playmate to help me give my man the night of his life.

I slid off Jack and helped Britt back up onto the bed and we kissed over Jack. He looked up at us, grinning. I was glad he was having such a good time, but we were far from finished.