 Wish you were here with me right now, you and Sophie.  Don't want to share her with you, just want to watch you make love with her and then after you're done, take my turn with you.  My friends will tell you that I'm a breast man, so your 44Cs are very enticing. Mmmmmmm.  My imagination starts wandering . . .

You, Sophie and I lounging in my living room, sipping some wine, listening to the radio.  You suggest putting on some porn, so I throw my favorite disc in the DVD player and start her up.  

Watching the action on the screen gets to all of us and Sophie begins to stroke your arm, leaning in to kiss you.  You take the lead and push her back down on the couch, straddling her.  You lean over and kiss her deeply and I can see your tongues dancing as your passion mounts.  

She reaches up to caress your breast, and you return the favor, sliding your hands up under her blouse.  Slowly, one button at a time your remove the blouse and squeeze her ripe breasts, her large nipples rising and pressing against the silk of her bra.  She now is massaging your breast through your T-shirt, and you pull it off over your head and toss it across the room to me in my Barco-lounger.  

"You should get more comfortable over there.  Why don't you get out of those jeans, and give your cock some air?  I know you must be hard with the action on the TV an what we're doing right in front of you."

As I undo and slip off my jeans, you reach behind you and unhook your bra tossing it to me, to join your shirt and my jeans in an overgrowing pile of clothes beside my chair. Sophie also removes hers and it joins the rest.  The amazing bout of tit-flesh unleashed on my couch awes me.  Your 44Cs are nothing short of spectacular and I want nothing more than to cross the room and play with them, but this is your time, yours and Sophie's.  Her breasts, while not as nice as yours, sport the largest nipples I've ever seen.  Bigger than gumdrops, they must be a 1/2-inch long and harder than steel.  

If you thought my cock was hard before, you should see it now, straining against my boxers.  Turning your attention back to the beautiful lady beneath you, you lean down and run your tongue around one of her hard nipples.  She moans and her hands reflexively reach to the back of your head, pulling you closer. You climb off the sofa and kneel beside it as Sophie swings into a sitting position, her short skirt riding up over her hips to reveal a pair of silk panties that match the bra on the floor beside me.  

You continue to work on her tits, one with your mouth, the other with your hands, switching back and forth.  Your tongue circles her nipple, sucking it into your mouth, lightly biting it, tugging it with your teeth.  As if she knows you won't be leaving her breasts any time soon, she releases her grip on the back of your head, her hands traveling down to your breasts and I feel a twinge of jealousy as she kneads those mounds of flesh.  

I don't know if it's possible, but her nipples are even longer and harder than when you started playing with them.  You kiss your way up her chest to her lips and again your tongues wrestle.  Your breasts merge with hers, nipple to nipple, and she reaches between you to pinch both of them together.  You are now both breathing heavy, as am I.  

As she pinches your nipples, you both moan and her other hand slides down your back in into the top of your pants.  Squeezing your ass, trying to slide the pants down over your 46-inch hips. You break your kiss so that she can lick and suck on your breasts, your hand moving south and rubbing over the crotch of her silk panties.  Sophie is now writhing under your touch and it is clear you are in charge.  

I decide this is a good time to get a better view and a cold beverage. Returning from the kitchen, I reposition my chair closer to the couch and strip off my boxers and shirt, sitting down as naked as the day I was born.  My throbbing cock standing at full attention.  You and Sophie both glance over, and you give a whistle of approval.  

Returning your focus to Sophie, you slowly slide you hand up and down her crotch.  Staring into her bright green eyes, you ask her if she is ready to cum for you.  She breathlessly replies that she is more than ready, she is desperate to cum.  You pull off her panties and toss them to me.  I raise them to my face an take a deep breath, inhaling her musky scent then wrap them around my stiff cock and begin to gently stroke it.  

Spreading her pussy lips with your fingers, you expose her clit, which is as hard and erect as her nipples, and rapidly flick a fingertip over it.  Releasing her lips, you slide you fingers up and down the sides of her pussy.  Sophie is now moaning loudly, her breath coming in rough pants.  She arches her back trying to increase the pressure you are applying to her cunt.  

Giving in to her need, you lean in and suck her clit into your mouth, sucking it just like a little cock, flicking the tip of your tongue over the sensitive bud.  You trace the outline of her lips with your tongue, then return to her hard little nubbin.  Sucking on her clit, you slide first one, then two long fingers, into her tight passage of pleasure.  

Slowly at first, then increasing your tempo to match her breathing, you finger-fuck your beautiful lover, keeping constant contact on her clit with your tongue.  She wails in pleasure, her hands again flying out to hold your mouth tight to her pussy, as wave after wave of what is obviously a very powerful orgasm roll through her body.  

As she slowly winds down from the big O, you climb back onto the couch with her, kissing her softly on the lips, whispering your love into her ear.  She returns your kiss and strokes your breast.  Regaining her breath, she says that now it is her turn to make you scream in pleasure, but se wants to truly "fuck" you.  I get up and take her hand whisper in her ear and we head into my bedroom, returning moments later with the perfect tool for the job: an 8-inch vibrating rubber cock.

Rejoining you on the couch, Sophie turns it on and runs it over your tits causing your nipples to get hard all over again and then sucks one into her mouth.  She continues to rub the vibe on your other nipple as she licks and bites the one in her mouth.  With her free hand, she reaches down and unbuttons your jeans.  Setting the vibe on the coffee table, she slowly eases the jeans down your long sexy legs, kissing her way down.  As they pass your hips we can see that you are not wearing anything under them and your freshly shaven mound is bared for us to see.  

I don't know about Sophie, but I begin licking my lips, my hand still slowly stroking my silk shrouded cock.  Sophie finally pulls the jeans off and they too get added to the pile on the floor.  Taking one of your feet in her hand, she slowly sucks your big toe into her mouth, then slides down to each next toe, finally licking the full length of your sole.  Kissing her way up your calf, stopping at the back of your knee, she nibbles on the soft flesh found there, causing you to giggle softly.  

You lace your fingers together behind your head, laying back and enjoying Sophie's work.  As she nears your bald puss, she slows down, teasing you.  She passes right by, kissing up to your stomach, drawing circles around your navel with her tongue and back down the other side.  As she again passes by your sweet cleft, kissing and biting your inner thigh, she grabs the vibe off the table.  Turning it back on, se glides it over your stomach, down, down, until the tip barely touches your excited delta.  She runs it down the outside of your lips, teasing you, then up the other side.  

Sophie now kisses her way back up your thigh and finally gives a hint as to the pleasure to come by running her tongue slowly up your sweet shaved pussy lips.  Reaching the top, she sucks your clit between her lips while running the vibrator over your lips.  You can no longer maintain your calm demeanor, your hands leaving the back of your head to find your breasts.  You begin to pull and tug on your hard nipples as Sophie slowly slides the vibrator into your now sopping snatch.  

To start with, she only slides in a couple of inches, then pulls it out and again flicks her tongue over your engorged clit.   Your moan comes from deep within you. Taking this as sign of approval, Sophie again slides a couple inches of rubber cock into you.  This time however she doesn't pull it out.  She continues to push it deeper and deeper into you, until all 8 inches are buried inside.  

She leaves it there, turning it to full power, as her tongue continues to flick across your love button.  I can tell from the flush spreading across your chest and face. And the shortness of your breath, that are rapidly approaching an orgasm of epic proportion.  Maybe it was the long slow build up as you made love to Sophie?  Maybe it's the fact that you have been performing for an audience?  Or maybe it's just that it's been a long time since you have been fucked quite like this, but I've never seen you in a state like this.  As Sophie begins to slide the full length of the vibe, still set to the maximum pleasure level, in and out of you, your hips begin to thrust off the couch.  

Matching her stroke for stroke, your hands leave your breasts and encircle her wrist.  You begin to increase the speed with which she is working the vibe.  Practically screaming, you pull the vibe form your pussy and furiously strum your clit as your orgasm hits.  It is like nothing I've ever seen from you; your entire body convulsing, you actually gush juices, soaking the cushion beneath you.  

Sophie moves closer to catch as much as she can in her mouth, licking her lips.  As you begin to calm down, I climb out of my chair and kneel beside the couch.  Sophie slides up your body, kissing her way to your face where she tenderly kisses your lips, savoring the warm afterglow of your lovemaking session.  

"Wow," is all that you can say, "I've never cum that hard in my life."  The tension broken we all share a light laugh and I lean in and kiss you softly on your cheek, thanking you for sharing this with me.  Sophie wants to know where her "thanks" is so I give her a kiss on her cheek as well, hugging you both.  She looks down at my cock, still hard as concrete and wrapped in her silky finery.  

"Looks like someone still needs some release.  I'd love to help you there, but, well, you know . . ."  

"Yeah I know, and that's ok, I can take care of this anytime, this was all about the two of you."  

You reach out and grab my stiffness.  Stroking it slowly, you look in my eyes, "Are you sure baby, 'cause I've still got a little strength left, I'm positive I could take care of that for you."  

"I'm sure.  Looks to me like all you two need is a long hot shower and even longer nap."  That said, I leave you and enter the bathroom.  Turning the shower to full hot, I let it run to warm the tub surface.  Re-entering the living room, I inform you and Sophie that the shower should be ready, and head to the kitchen.  

I hear Sophie call after me, "Aren't you gonna join us?"  

"Maybe in a minute, you two start without me.  I need to do something about this small lake on my sofa cushions."  I can hear you both laughing as you enter the shower.  Returning to the couch with a roll of paper towels, I ponder my good fortune at having met you, and the things we have shared, both as just the two of us and now in this new and exciting level, as a threesome of sorts.  My work on the couch completed, I toss the used towels in the trash and walk to the bath.  Pulling back the shower curtain, I find the two of you locked in a close embrace, kissing deeply as your hand explore each others backsides.  

"Still haven't had enough, hey you two?"  

Sophie breaks off your kiss and, winking at me, takes my hand and pulls me into the shower, between the two of you.  You both wrap your arms around me, pressing your breasts into my chest and back.  Sophie kisses the back of my neck, her hand running down to grab my cock, causing it to again rise to the occasion, "Not at all, my Shining Knight, I was just keeping her ready for you.  I'm gonna go lay down.  You two come join me after you're all done in here."  Giving my cock one final squeeze, she steps out of the shower leaving just you and I.  

Your hand quickly replaces hers in my crotch, stroking me to full hardness.  You lean in close and whisper in my ear, "You ready for your reward for being so good and letting Sophie and I have our fun?"  

I whisper back, 'More than I've ever been ready for anything in my entire life."  Taking your face in my hands, I kiss you deeply . . .


But that's a story for another day.