 I kissed Britt, tasting Jack on her tongue, then worked my way down to her pert breasts and gave each nipple some attention. I rose back up and thanked her. She smiled and said it was her pleasure. Jack reached up and pulled us both to him by our arms. We landed on either side of his chest and he pulled us both to in tight to him, kissing me deeply. He looked at Britt, gave her a quick kiss and said "Nice to meet you, I'm Jack".

She laughed and said in the sweetest, sexiest tone "Thanks, I'm Britt and I'm here to be your slut for the night."

Jack let out a good laugh and said "Well, all right then, I better not waste the opportunity." We laughed and Jack said, "Shall we all go shower? This hotel has a great shower, big enough for all three of us I think." 

"As you wish baby" I said "Whatever you wish"

We walked to the bathroom and Britt and I took off what little left we had on as Jack started the water in the nice, tiled shower with a clear glass door. Jack led us in once the water was a comfortable temperature and Jack handed me the soap and Britt a wash rag and the two of is scrubbed and cleaned him. Slowly and sensually we soaped him up and got him good and clean. Britt was a joy to watch as she very carefully and thoroughly cleaned his cock. Jack was standing at full mast long before she was finished.

Jack said "Now, don't forget to get yourselves cleaned up too."

I took Jack's direction and began soaping up Britt's sexy little body. I don't mind being in my 40's but I sure do miss that firmer 20 something body I used to have. Britt has it and it was hot as hell to cover every bit of it in soap. She returned the favor, taking as much time on my hefty breasts as she did on Jack's cock. I looked over at Jack and he was stroking that clean, hard cock as us girls cleaned each other. We played it up too, rubbing and soaping each other, looking at Jack with our sexiest "come hither" looks the entire time. 

We rinsed off and Jack grabbed towels for everyone and Britt and I started drying Jack off first, of course making sure his nice hard cock was good and dry. Britt was drying off his chest and began licking and sucking on his nipple and Jack had to catch his breath. I took that as a prompt to start sucking Jack's cock again and soon Jack had a hand on one side of my head and Britt had a hand on the other. They gently guided me back and forth on Jack's cock while Britt kissed from his nipples to his neck. Britt then knelt down and joined me. We resumed teaming up on my man, licking up each side of his 7" cock, stopping at the head and twirling our tongues around it and into each other's mouths.

I stood and asked Jack if he'd like to go back to the bed. He smiled and said sure. I could tell by his eyes and breathing he was reeling and loving the attention we were giving him. We left the bathroom and made it back to the bed. I asked Britt to lay down with her head on the edge of the bed, facing us upside down. She did as asked and I stood behind Jack, looking down at Britt looking up at us. 

"Feed this sexy girl your cock baby, she wants to please you." Jack moaned a long sexy moan at my urging and stepped towards the bed and Britt looked absolutely sexy as she looked up at him and opened her mouth for him. She tilted her head and let Jack slide to back of her throat, his balls resting across her nose and she showed her skill by taking him all the way in. I slid down behind Jack, kneeling and putting my hands on his ass. I began to spread his ass cheeks and he obliged by lifting one leg and resting a foot on the bed. This gave me the angle and access I needed to rim his ass. As Britt moaned on his cock, I nestled up and tongued his ass, licking all around working from asshole to balls and back. Jack groaned with pleasure and shuddered some as our tongues and mouths worked on pleasing him front and back. I buried my face in his ass and tongued him with a vengeance. I began massaging his balls as I rimmed him and I could tell by his gasps and groans that he was loving the moment. I was so happy, knowing my loving man was being treated like a king! My little surprise was working out perfectly!

He half grunted "Hold on" so I stopped and stood up. 

"Yes baby?" I asked.

"I don't want to come yet, and you two talented tongues have me right on the edge again. Let's change up for a sec." 

"Whatever you wish" I responded as slave girl like as possible.

He asked Britt to move and he lay on the bed on his back with his legs hanging off and his feet on the floor. He then motioned for Britt to come up and he positioned her over his face so he could taste her pussy. I went back to sucking his balls and rimming him, giving his cock a rest so he wouldn't come before he wanted, but would still be getting quite the treatment. Britt was squirming and moaning from Jack's tongue fucking and Jack was grunting and moaning into her pussy, relishing this lovely girl's sweetness. I can tell when Jack is really into his work when eating pussy and he was certainly enjoying this one. 

I stopped my tonguing off Jack's asshole to get up and check Britt's handbag for the condoms she said she'd bring. A woman of her word, there they were. I got out a condom and went back and put it on Jack, stopping to suck on his heavy balls again as I did. I let his balls go with a loud pop and Jack had stopped eating out Britt long enough to say "Goddamn, that's good. Not sure what I did to deserve this kind of night, but I sure am glad I'm here!" 

I stood up and moved up to his face and kissed him. 

"My my, she is sweet, isn't she?" I said. "Can I have her ride your hard cock now baby? I think she'll look good wrapped around that cock of yours."

"MMMM, have her climb on me" he said.

I helped Britt slide down and she hovered over Jack's cock, one foot on the bed, one foot on his thigh. I held Jack's cock from behind her and let her rub her lips along his head. His wrapped cock throbbed and I held it as Britt slowly lowered her pussy down onto his cock. I reached around with my free hand and felt her tiny little landing strip and rubbed down it to her clit. She moaned as Jack filled her little twat and she began bouncing up and down on it, working those thigh muscles. I looked at Jack and he was in heaven, feeling that tight pussy around him and getting a great view of it as Britt bounced on his cock. She leaned back and balanced on Jack's legs and worked the hell out of his cock, twisting and grinding in between riding.

I watched from behind Britt as she rode Jack's cock, rubbing his balls and caressing her ass. It was a great shot, seeing Jack's face as he watched, his pleasure evident in his expression.

Jack grunted and in one quick motion was standing up, Britt's legs draped over his arms, supporting her weight. I watched from the floor as Jack held her up and began pounding her, jack hammering his cock into her pussy. His thick leg muscles tight and flexing, his cock pistoning in and out of her in a blur, his back and shoulder muscles tightened and working as he held her up and fucked her at the same time. Britt was coming in seconds from Jack's aggressive fucking, letting it all go and crying out in pleasure. Jack continued for another good minute solid, fucking her hard as she came and went limp in his arms. Jack grunted and I could tell he was about to come. I got up on my knees and asked him for his cum. 

"Let me have your load baby, let me taste it, please..."

Jack let Britt down on the bed and pulled out, reaching down and removing his rubber in a quick motion. I moved in fast and wrapped my mouth around my man's cock, taking him all the way to back of my throat and feeling his pubes against my nose. I closed around him and began sucking hard, slowly pulling back of him and he began to shoot, grunting and moaning as loud as I've ever heard him. I went back down, putting his pelvis to my nose again and letting his hot cum hit the back of my throat.

Jack shuddered and I put my arms around and gripped his ass, keeping him deep in my mouth and my face buried in his crotch. His orgasm subsided and I slowly withdrew, letting his spent cock free. Once released he buckled a bit and caught himself on the bed, before collapsing on it next to Britt, who was curled up, catching her breath and still shaking a bit herself. I looked at my man and our little red headed lover and took in the moment, so very proud and happy. So happy for my husband, getting all the pleasure he could stand, getting the type of treatment he deserves, the type of pleasure he has made sure I've gotten in the past, and so proud of my man, making our new found lover come so hard.

I laid down on the bed next to Jack, on the opposite side from Britt and cuddled up to him as he panted and tried to come down from the orgasm he had just had. We lay together, me wrapped around Jack and reaching over and caressing Britt's arm as she moved in closer to Jack and draped an arm over his chest as well. Our breathing filling the air as we silently came down from our clouds and began to drift to sleep.