 I dozed off against Jack's arm, happy and content. Pretty sure we all slept for a while, Britt rocked by her hard orgasm and Jack spent from shooting his second load in less than an hour. 

I woke to Jack moving, gently removing my arm from his chest and laying it on the bed as he rose. I curled my right leg up and left my left leg out straight and got comfy with a pillow. I opened my eyes just long enough to see Britt lying on the opposite side of the bed, out completely. I drifted, hearing Jack get some water and shut off a couple of lights. 

I was brought back awake by Jack's hands on me, rubbing up my leg and hip to my side. He moved his hands back down and I felt his hand on my ass cheek and he began to lift it. I shifted a bit and the next thing I felt was his tongue on my pussy lips, licking the length of my pussy, I moaned low and he held my legs so I couldn't move anymore. He must've loved the sight, my legs half curled up and my ass sticking out, exposing my lips and ass. He showed his appreciation by sticking his tongue in me. MMM fuck that was nice. He drilled my hole with his tongue for some time, his hands massaging my ass while he worked. 

I felt hands on my shoulder and opened my eyes and Britt had woken up and was moving in towards me. I lifted my arm and she knelt in and began sucking on my nipple. I was going to suggest she move to Jack and give him some attention but before I could say anything Jack had stopped tonguing me, and stood and had slid his cock in my pussy in one quick moment.

I gasped, not expecting it so suddenly. And fuck did I like the feel of his cock in me. His hands on my ass and hip, keeping me curled up at an angle, he had no time for a slow intro and gentle sex. He was fucking me with a purpose! Hard, deliberate, paced strokes in and out of me. I'm glad I was down away on the bed or my head would've been slamming the head board so hard I may have been injured!

Jack was pounding me, making my tit fall out of Britt's mouth. She moved up to her knees and down towards Jack. She rubbed his chest, kissed him on the nipple and began getting good and dirty! 

"Fuck your wife Jack, yeah, fuck yeah, fuck her hard, pound that pussy she's loving that shit. MMM HMM, fuck that pussy. God fuck yeah give her what she's been wanting all night."

Fuck yes this is what I want! Goddamn sometimes there is just nothing better than a good hard fucking. Love the sucking and licking and fingering and sometimes a nice slow build up has a great payoff, but I've been in a perpetual state of turned on and horny all day and this is exactly what I need!

Britt went on encouraging Jack and he obliged, fucking me hard, picking up a little speed. The sounds of our bodies slapping together and Britt's dirty talk filled the room and I grunted and moaned with every stroke. I rocked with each thrust and Jack was a man on a mission! 

Eventually, Jack rolled me over onto my back and Britt held my legs up in the air and Jack went into overdrive. Sweat flew off his brow as he fucked me with all he had. My tits bounced and I began crying out in pleasure. Britt was cheerleading and Jack yelled in ecstasy as he filled me full of his third load of the night. 

Jack collapsed on top of me and we panted like marathon runners, our sweaty bodies against each other and Jack's softening cock slipping out of my well fucked pussy. Britt rubbed us both and kissed our cheeks as we shifted and moved and got into a better position on the bed. Britt got up and brought us both some water (what a sweetheart!) and laid down next us, me in between her and Jack. 

"Goddamn, that was fun!" Britt said enthusiastically and we all laughed.

Jack fell asleep really fast, my hard working fucker. Britt tapped me on the shoulder and motioned for me to follow her. We got up and she asked if she could shower before she went home. "Of course!" I said "But you don't have to leave yet. You can sleep here and we can have breakfast together if you want."

"No, I better go. Babysitter at the house and all, I want to be there when my daughter wakes. But thanks. Damn Margie, I really needed this, I'm glad you took a chance and convinced me to do this."

I replied "No, seriously, thank you for helping me give Jack a long overdue present. And you were sexy and wild and hot and OMG, it was all I could've hoped for. And to think, it all started because I caught you checking out his ass on the hiking trail!"

We kissed a little thank you kiss and she gathered her clothes and headed to the shower. I climbed back in bed with Jack and pulled a blanket over him, kissing him on the cheek.

"Happy vacation baby" I whispered and curled up around my well fucked husband.