 

* * * * *

Michael picked Viplove and Sonali up in his car at ten o'clock that morning.

"You understand," he said as he drove them to the Supermarket, "that if you wish to become members of the club you have to do exactly what I tell you to do during the next twenty eight days?"

Viplove and Sonali sat in the back of the car holding hands.

"Yes." Viplove replied. "We understand."

"And you will do everything I tell you to do?"

"Yes, we will." Sonali said.

"What if I were to stop the car here," He said pulling into the side of the road, "and told you, Sonali, that I wanted you to pleasure that old man with your mouth whilst Viplove takes you from behind."

"But what if somebody sees us?" Sonali protested.

"You said you would do everything I told you to do."

Viplove and Sonali looked at each other. They had heard that this club was the place where every fantasy they had would be played out in front of them when they were members. First they had to become members which would mean playing the fantasies of others.

"Well?" Michael asked.

"Alright," Sonali said looking into her husband's eyes, "if that is what you want me to do."

"Go on." Michael said. "Stand before him and undress. Then work on him until he comes. Viplove you are to take Sonali and shoot your cum over her ass. Then you may return to the car." 

Viplove climbed from the back of the car and held the door open for Sonali. He looked into her beautiful face as she stood by his side.

"Let's go." He said leading her by the hand to a bench upon which an old man with a short white beard sat.

"Hallo." He said as they stopped in front of him.

"Hallo." They both replied. 

Viplove looked quickly around them then undid the buttons down the back of 

Sonali's dress and unhooked her bra. The weight of her full breasts pulling it forward. The old man looked at her breasts and smiled as she let her dress and bra fall to the ground. Viplove realised that he must be a member of the club and that this was his fantasy.

Sonali hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and quickly pulled them down and off. Viplove looked around again. He could see people staring at them and pointing.

Sonali knelt before the old man and, unfastening his trousers, took his prick in her hands and rubbed it until it was hard. Then she licked her lips and took it inside her mouth.

Viplove knelt behind her and took out his own prick. It was already growing. It grew faster as he pulled Sonali's ass cheeks apart and looked down upon the two holes he exposed. The one tight and dark the other long with its lips already opening. He rubbed the end of his prick against that hole and pushed it into his wife. She gasped and arched her back but continued to suck on the old man's prick. Viplove pulled back his prick then pushed it back inside Sonali. He did this again and again. Faster and faster. 

The old man suddenly held Sonali's head still and shot time after time into her mouth. Viplove could feel his own cum starting so pulled out of Sonali and shot all over and between her ass cheeks.

Hearing voices he looked around. People were gathered around watching. Some were smiling, some applauded.

Helping Sonali to her feet he picked up her clothes and hurried back to the car.

Sonali. Part 2

Michael picked up Viplove and Sonali in his car at ten the next morning.

"Do you still wish to become a member of our club?"

He asked as they sat in the back of the car and he pulled away from the kerb.

They had discussed this for a long time after returning to their home the previous day and were both more committed then ever too becoming members.

"Yes we do." Viplove assured him.

"Very well. I want you to take Sonali's panties off and throw them from the car. 

Until you are members she is not to wear any."

Sonali lifted her bottom from the seat as Viplove pulled her panties down and off. He held them up so that Michael could see them in his driving mirror.

"Very good." Michael said. "What do they smell like?"

Without thinking Viplove lifted them to his nose and sniffed. Her could smell the insides of his wife and his prick started to grow.

"What do they smell like?" Michael repeated his question.

"I like it very much." Viplove admitted, his prick rock hard.

"Share them with the world." Michael said, lowering the rear window of the car.

Viplove looked at his wife's panties one last time then threw them out of the window. Looking through the rear window they saw a man pick them up, hold them to his nose then place them in his pocket. Perhaps another man's fantasy has been fulfilled, Viplove thought.

"Sonali," Michael said, "place your hand on Viplove's hardness. Feel him, stroke him, but, do not make him cum."

Sonali did as she was told and placed her hand on Viplove's prick. She squeezed it, ran her fingers up and down its length and felt his balls. 

Viplove shifted in his seat. Hoping she would rub faster or harder. His frustrations grew with each touch. Sonali rubbed her fingertips around the head of his prick sending wonderful sensations through his body.

He was gasping and moaning by the time Michael pulled in outside a large hotel.

"You may stop now Sonali." He said. "You are to go into the café. Four people will contact you there if they like the look of you. You are to obey them as you would me. Now go."

They climbed from the car and entered the café. Sonali was sure that everybody could tell she wasn't wearing any panties.

They sat at a table and ordered a drink each. When they arrived and Viplove had paid, they slowly sipped them looking around the already busy café at the other occupants.

They had nearly finished their drinks when two couples from a nearby table stood up and approached them. 

"We are going to our rooms now," a tall man in his mid forties with greying temples said, "come with us."

Sonali and Viplove looked at each other. They had thought they would have least have had a chance to chat and get to know the others first. Perhaps this is their fantasy, thought Viplove, to meet two strangers in a café and go to bed with them.

They followed the two couples through the hotel's reception and into the lift. 

Sonali could feel the hands of one of the men on her ass cheeks almost before the doors had closed behind them. One of the women kissed Viplove and rubbed her body against him. The other man, the one who had spoken to them, had taken one of the other woman's breasts from her dress and lowered his lips to her nipple. 

Viplove reached around his woman and, holding her ass cheeks, pulled her against him.

The lift stopped and the door opened. Everybody adjusted their clothes then stepped out into the corridor. They hurried to the first room on the right and quickly entered.

Inside the tall man locked the door behind them. Turning to them he started to undress.

"Take your clothes off." He ordered. "My name is Jim, this is Mary and this is Jane," he indicated the two women, one was fair one was dark. "And this is Tom. 

We know your names." 

Sonali had only to pull her dress over her head and unhook her bra and she was naked. She noticed that neither of the other women wore panties.

Tom came to her and felt her heavy breasts, then he kissed her, driving his tongue between her lips and fencing with her own. He moved his lips from hers and lowered his mouth to one of her nipples and gently sucked on it. She looked across the room. Mary was on her knees before Viplove sucking on his prick. On the bed Jim had already entered Jane and was fucking her with short sharp strokes. As she watched Tom moved down her body and buried his face in her mass of pubic hairs. She could feel his tongue searching for her clit. She cried out loud when he found it. She gasped as his tongue flicked it from side to side. 

She saw Mary's head jerk backwards with the force of Viplove cum. Viplove's mouth hung open as he shot time after time into her throat. Her own legs were going weak and Tom helped her to lie on the floor. He kissed her navel, then her nipples then her mouth. She could feel his prick against her opening. She felt fingers pulling her lips apart. He drove the breath from her body with his first thrust inside her. He pulled almost from her then pushed back in. She arched her back to take him. He moved faster, taking her through one orgasm then another. 

She could hear him panting, feel him growing inside her then she felt him jerking inside her as he came.

He kissed her then pulled his prick from her hole. She tried to close her legs but hands were on her thighs holding her open. She opened her eyes and looked up into Jim's face. He thrust his prick inside her hole, making her cry out with pleasure. She wrapped her arms and legs around him as he moved in and out of her. Moans and cries of ecstasy were forced from her lips by his movements. Movements that quickened by the second. She was coming again. She could feel his cum hitting the walls of her insides. He pulled from her hole and the two men helped her to stand. They led her to the bed. She looked down on Viplove as he fucked Jane. Mary knelt by his side rubbing her nipples against his shoulders. The men helped her lay on her back on the bed. Mary reached down between Viplove's legs and pulled his prick from Jane's hole as she finished coming. 

Jane climbed from the bed and Mary led Viplove by the prick to Sonali's open hole. He pushed into his wife. They looked into each other's eyes as he moved in and out of her. How he loved her. He didn't care that others were watching. This was his woman. He started slowly then quickened. Sonali came as he started pumping his cum inside her. 

They held each other for a few seconds then he pulled out of her and they looked around.

The room was empty.

Quickly they dressed and went down to the hotel reception in the lift.

Michael was waiting outside the hotel entrance in his car. They climbed in and without a word were driven away.

Sonali. Part 3

Michael picked them up in his car at ten o'clock the following morning and drove them out of town and up into the hills. 

After about twenty minutes driving he pulled into a picnic car park and stopped under some trees.

"I thought that today we would have some fresh air." 

He said, studying the occupants of the various tables. His eyes settled on two young men and a teenage girl who were laughing and joking over their meal a short distance away. They finished eating a few minutes later and packing away the meal things they placed them in the boot of their car and walked, hand in hand, with the girl in the middle, along one of the forest trails.

"Follow them and make love to them." Michael commanded. 

Viplove and Sonali climbed from the car and followed the young threesome into the forest. They were grateful to be out of the heat of the car. The air was fresh and cool. 

After walking for ten minutes they had seen no sign of the young people. They stopped still in the middle of the trail and listened. At first they could hear nothing then they could hear the sounds of somebody moaning. Quietly as they could they stepped from the trail and pushed through the undergrowth. The noises were louder now.

"That's right." They heard somebody say. "Suck my cock, like you just did Harry's."

Ahead was a small clearing and they could see the three youngsters. The girl was naked while the two boys had their jeans around their ankles. The girl's ass was presented to them as she sucked on the cock of one of the youths, her holes winking at them as her head bobbed up and down. The other boy lay by their side stroking his prick. A prick that glistened in the dappled sunlight with his come and the girl's saliva.

As they stood on the edge of the clearing the boy stroking his cock saw them and waved to them.

"Take your clothes off and join us if you like?" He called. 

Viplove and Sonali looked at each other then at the scene in front of them. The girl was still sucking on the cock. Her ass cheeks were still moving, opening and closing, first showing her holes then hiding them from view. Sonali pulled off her dress, she no longer wore a bra, and approached the lone boy. Kneeling between his legs she took his cock from his hands and started to suck it. By the time Viplove was undressed there were two sets of ass cheeks raised in the air and four holes winking at him. He looked at his wife's holes as he approached but he knew that was not what was expected of him. Kneeling behind the other girl he pulled wide her ass cheeks, looked down upon her holes then plunged his hard prick into her hole. She gasped at his invasion of her insides but continued her work upon the young man's cock. As Viplove thrust in and out of the young girl he saw the young man star bucking his hips and knew he was close to coming. Viplove looked to his side. Sonali had moved up her young man's body and was lowering her hole onto his prick. With a sigh she sank down upon it. He watched as she lifted then dropped again.

A coughing sound from the other end of the girl he was fucking brought his mind back to the task in hand. He saw her head jerking backwards under the force of the boy's cum hitting the back of her throat. She coughed and swallowed and spluttered and swallowed. Viplove pulled back on her hips to enter her more fully. The boy moved to the other side of Sonali and felt her tits as she bounced up and down. 

Viplove could feel himself coming and pushed his cock as far inside the girl as he could. His could feel it jerking inside her. He could feel his come shooting from the end. Her heard the familiar sounds of Sonali in orgasm from his side. The other boy had pushed her forward and was trying to fit his cock inside her secret place. Sonali cried out in pain.

They had done what they had been told to do. 

Viplove stood up and pulled the boy from Sonali. 

"Have her that way if you must." He said, pushing the boy on top of the girl where she lay, face down, recovering. 

He helped Sonali to stand. The boy beneath grabbed at his prick as it started to shot it's cum all over his belly.

"Thank you." Viplove said politely. "We must leave now."

As they left the clearing they heard the girl cry out once.

In the car park Michael had turned the car ready to leave. 

"What happened?" He asked as they climbed in and he drove away. "Tell me everything. Everything."

Sonali Part 4

Viplove answered his doorbell at nine o'clock the following morning. It was Michael.

"Come with me." He said.

"I'll get Sonali." Viplove said turning to fetch his wife.

"Where is she?" Michael asked before he could leave.

"Still in bed." Viplove replied.

"Good." Michael said. "Leave her there and come with me now."

"I must finish dressing." 

"No. Come as you are."

Viplove, dressed in his robe and sandals, followed Michael to his car and sat beside him in the front. As he pulled away Viplove saw three cars pull up outside his house and at ten men climb from them. Some were white, some were Asian and one, the largest, was black.

"What is going to happen?" He asked as they turned onto the freeway.

"Yesterday you said the boy had trouble penetrating Sonali's rear hole. After today there will be no such trouble."

Sonali turned over onto her back. It was nice lying there. So warm and comfortable. She reached between her legs to scratch an itch. It felt so nice she scratched herself again. That did feel nice. She allowed her fingers to explore the folds of skin that formed her hole. Pulling them apart and rubbing gently at the warm moist flesh inside.

She heard somebody moving. She didn't want to open her eyes. She let one of her fingers slip inside her hole. That was nice.

She heard more movements. That would be Viplove with the tea. He was so good to her. She smiled and arched her back taking a second finger inside her hole. 

Viplove was pulling the sheet from her body. She bent her knees to show herself to him. She felt somebody kneel on the bed between her feet and opened her eyes and looked down between the 'V' of her open thighs.

A large black man was mounting her bed. In his hand he was stroking the largest prick she had ever seen or even imagined. It must have been ten inches long and was as thick as her wrist. She turned her head from side to side. The room was full of men. All with hard pricks pointing at her.

"Viplove." She cried out.

The face of the black man loomed above her and she could feel the tip of his prick at her opening. She could feel it opening her, stretching her.

"He's gone with Michael."

The black man said sinking three inches of his prick into her hole.

"No." She cried out.

"Yes." The black man said pulling back and filling her with one thrust.

She cried out again, this time in surprise and pain. Never had she felt so full before. Every inch of her tube was stretched to accommodate the monster inside her.

She gasped as he pulled nearly out and then fully back inside her. Despite herself, she found her arms and legs wrapping themselves around him as her started to pump in and out of her hole. A moan of pleasure escape from her lips as he quickened his strokes. She cried out in orgasm as she felt him coming deep inside her. Feeling him pumping his cum into her hole.

He stopped moving for a few seconds then pulled from her. Before she could even straighten her legs a second man was inside her. He started slowly then quickly speeded up. Her hands were pulled from his back and her fingers wrapped around two pricks. She started stroking them. They both had foreskins which she worked back and forth. The man on top of her grunted as he came inside her. Her hole had been so stretched by the black man she'd hardly felt him. She did the next one. Not as long as the black man but at least as wide. The two pricks in her hands were moving closer to her face making it awkward for her to continue to stroke them without hurting her wrists. Turning her head to one side she released her grip on the prick and guided it into her mouth with her fingertips. 

She could hear the moans from the man in her mouth and added hers to them each time the man fucking her pushed particularly hard into her hole. She could feel he was near to coming so she tried to grip him with the muscles that lined her hole. He grunted then sighed, collapsing forward onto her body and driving the breath from her body. As she fought to regain her breath she felt something wet landed on her eyes and nose as the prick she still held in her hand shot its cum over her. This was followed almost immediately by the prick in her mouth emptying its load into the back of her throat. She coughed and spluttered then swallowed. 

The man in her mouth finished coming and pulled away from her and the man on top pulled his prick from her hole and climbed off. The man on her other side had finished coming over her face and started to rub his cum into her skin with the tip of his prick before presenting it to her lips for cleaning. She poked out her tongue and licked the end then opened her mouth to take it inside. The men thrust it in and out as if he was fucking her hole.

Feeling a weight on her chest Sonali looked down. 

A man was astride her fitting his prick between her large tits and moving it in and out. She watched, fascinated, as the tip of the prick appeared the disappeared between her mounds. The man was massaging her nipples with his thumbs as he fucked her tits. The other man had grown to full hardness in her mouth. He kept moving in and out. 

Holding her head with his hands. She gagged as the tip of his prick hit the back of her throat. She tried to spit it out but the man held her head in a vice like grip. She could hear both men gasping and swearing. Then both were coming. The man between her tits was squeezing them so them so tightly around his jerking prick they hurt. The man in her mouth was so far down her throat he seemed to be coming directly in her stomach. They both pulled away from her, giving her a moments respite to regain her breath. 
