 The Camping Trip- First night...

Sophie and I enjoyed a variety of wild sexual activities. This is the story about how we fulfilled her fantasy of being naked and used while out camping. We had talked about the scene and worked out just how she'd like things to go. Basically, she wanted me to invite some strangers to go camping with us for a weekend and have things turn into a wild gangbang where we all used her like a sex slave in any way we wanted. This is how it all worked out:

We spent the afternoon putting our camp together and exploring the area. We found that there was a small, short sandy path leading the rear of our campsite down to the creek. There we found a large rock just off the shore that caused a swirling eddy and a calm pool of water about waist deep just 10 feet from the bank.

Later that afternoon, the other guys showed up and with introductions taken care of, they set about pitching their tents around the edge of the site while we prepared a nice steak dinner. you made your famous red beer and passed the glasses around with smiles and not a few lurid glances.

While the guys puttered around and put the finishing touches on their gear, you did some checking out yourself. There were 3 new men there for the weekend. As each of them showed up, your heart would beat fast and you'd get butterflies in your stomach. After all, you knew they were there for you, but since you had never seen them, you were hoping that you would at least find them attractive. You weren't disappointed, as I had picked your playmates very carefully.

All this looking and thinking about the night and day to come, was getting you very hot and wet. You were running around camp in shorts and a t-shirt with short hiking boots on your feet.

Dinner went well, with everyone thoroughly enjoying their meal. You had switched from red beer to dirty martinis early on and you were feeling very relaxed and buzzed...not to mention horny as hell having so much virile male attention.

You always did get off on attention and flirting. I could tell that you were in the mood because your interactions and attitude with the guys was getting bolder and more brazen...bending down to show more of your cleavage to one man while your ass stuck out towards another. You were laughing and giggling and walking a bit unsteady, touching them on the arm or the leg and pretending to "stumble" and catch yourself by grabbing them.

The men were enjoying themselves as well, watching you intently and laughing at your antics. When you "tripped" and sat down on James' lap, he made sure to cop a good feel of your ass before you stood up, which you pretended not to notice

Standing by the fire, you were dancing and swaying to the beat of some low music that I had put on. You began to caress yourself and act more and more naughty till you moved over to James and pulled him out of his chair to come dance with you. Closing your eyes, you slithered around his body holding onto his chest and turning to rub your ass against his obviously hard cock. 

Holding onto your hips, James ground his cock into your ass as you moaned and motioned Charlie to get up and come to you as well. Charlie approached you from the front and moved up against your body, effectively sandwiching you between himself and James. I watched as you ran your hands up and down 

Charlie's body, being sure to grope his bulge. Not to be left out, Ted got up and came over as well. You turned away from the other men and wrapped yourself around his body as he boldly gripped your ass through your shorts. It was obvious now that you were well into the moment and nothing was going to stop you.

James and Charlie came at you from the sides and started to grope and caress your body running their hands up your shirt and down your pants. You were in so much pleasure, that you were slumped against Ted and would have just fallen down if he hadn't been holding you up.

Suddenly Ted grabbed the bottom of your shirt and in one slow motion, pulled it up and off of you, you assisting wry putting your arms above your head. You went back to moving and humping against him with no sign that you were worried about being topless in front of the four of us.

James and Charlie each grasped a side of your shorts and slide them down your legs, kneeling to help you out of your shoes and shorts, leaving you totally naked in the night air. The men stood back up and surrounded you, running their hands over every square inch of you. You were gasping and moaning with 6 hands grabbing and touching you, 3 mouths licking and kissing and biting you. You turned from guy to guy sampling their mouths with yours and kissing them while they touched you. After a few minutes of this, you broke away from them, moving a few feet away, chest heaving and telling them to take their clothes off.

They wasted no time, and in seconds were all standing naked next to the fire. Meanwhile, you had moved over to the middle of a blanket that I had spread on the ground. Looking at them through heavy eye lids, you motion them over to you as you dropped to your knees on the blanket.

In no time, you were faced with three very naked, very excited men, their painfully hard cocks all pointing at you at face level. You had a huge smile on your face as you licked your lips and grabbed a cock in each hand, leaving the middle one for your mouth. 

On your left was James, his cock was average in size and thickness, coming in at about 6 inches. On your right was Charlie, who's cock was a bit longer, but thinner than James. You had one in each hand and were running your hands up and down them as you finally looked at Ted that was waving right in front of your face. Ted's cock was about as big as James, but very much thicker, thick enough that you wouldn't be able to fit your hand around it. Looking at it with lust in your eyes, you lean forward and gently lick a drop of clear fluid from its tip, making Ted moan with pleasure.

You must have gotten inpatient, because you wasted no time with playing around. You quickly licked every inch of the thick cock in your face, getting it wet with your saliva before taking it into your mouth and forcing your head down on it as far as you could. I could see your jaw work as you tried to get all of it in your mouth, stretching your lips as far as they would go. Bobbing your head up and down quickly, you worked a bit more into your mouth with each stroke until you were deep throating him all the way to the base.

Pulling back and gasping for air, you turned to your left and rammed James' hard member all the way back into your mouth. Bobbing up and down, moaning, I could see your pussy flex and drip cum onto the blanket as you had a series of mini orgasms while you sucked their cocks. You then turned to Charlie and did the same with his long thin cock, gagging a bit as his nearly 8 inch member went down your throat. back and forth you went from cock to cock acting and looking like the sexiest whore alive. If you weren't sucking one, it was in your hand. the men were getting into it, grabbing your hair and pulling you back and forth, barley giving you time to breath before ramming another cock into your mouth. 

This went on for several minutes with the guys using you like a sex slave until you pulled back to catch your breath and ease your tired jaw. that's when Charlie and Ted bent down and picked you up between them, their arms supporting you underneath your shoulders and your bottom. You wrapped your arms around their shoulders and they each moved a hand from your ass to behind your knees and spread your legs open. there you were being held up, your legs spread. James quickly dropped to his knees between your thighs and fastened his mouth to your pussy, sucking as hard as he could on your wet slit.

You went crazy, instantly cumming and thrashing in their arms. Over and over you cam with them forcing your legs apart and Charlie's tongue in your pussy. Suddenly he stood up and in one smooth stroke, he buried his cock all the way to the hilt in your pussy. Again, you started cumming, throwing your head back and screaming as the three men started forcing you to meet his thrusts as he pounded into you.

I don't know how long you lay there in their arms and were rough fucked by James, but finally he pulled his cock out of you and motioned the men to put you down on the blanket. No sooner than you were laid on your back then Charlie got between your legs and rammed his long thin cock all the way in you. Arching your back, you grabbed his shoulders and pulled your legs up around his back urging him to fuck you deep and hard.

From then on it was a blur. One man would get between your legs while the other two would kneel at your head and be sucked back and forth by you. When Ted took his turn in your pussy, I thought you were going to faint as he worked his thick short cock into your sopping pussy. I had never seen you cum so hard for so long.

The men eventually tired of laying on top of you or being sucked off and they stood you up. James laid down and they roughly forced you to straddle him, sinking down on his hard cock in one move. Then Ted stood at your head and grabbed your hair, forcing you to take him in your mouth as he fucked your mouth in a steady rhythm.

Charlie knelt down behind you and grabbed and pinched your ass as James pounded up into you. Scooping up some of your slick juices I watched him slide first one, then two fingers deep in your ass. You bucked and moaned in shear lust as you had another orgasm. I caught his attention and tossed him a bottle of lube which he wasted no time in slathering on his long thin cock.

Scooting up and straddling James thighs, He spread your quivering ass cheeks and slowly but steadily forced his hot slippery cock into your ass. If Ted hadn't had you by the hair, you would have spit his cock out to scream with delight, but he wouldn't allow you to remove your mouth from him. In seconds, you were being forcefully fucked in mouth, pussy and ass by three men that you had known for less than a day! It was like a vision from a porn movie, or a story out of a Greek epic.

It didn't take long until Charlie grabbed your hips and thrust into your willing ass as hard as he could. The cords on his neck stood out as he tipped his head back and gritted his teeth, cumming hard, deep inside your grasping ass.

Seeing this, Ted couldn't take it and promptly started cumming in your sucking mouth, pumping shot after shot of hot slippery cum into your mouth that you struggled to swallow and not waste. Just as they finished cumming, James rolled you off of him, throwing you to the blanket and moving to straddle your chest. He put the head of his cock against your lips and stroked his cock two or three times before blasting another load of cum into your mouth.

Charlie staggered down to the creek to wash up as the three of you remaining lay panting under the stars. You were wearing a look of exhaustion and bliss on your face as you look up at me and smile. Thinking that we were all done for the night, you yelped in surprise as Ted grasped you and spun you over, forcing you onto all fours.

For the next hour, all three of the men used you over and over, each cumming at least one more time in your pussy, taking turns fucking you from behind while you sucked the other two off. At last, the men staggered off to their tents, leaving you limp in the middle of the blanket. you lay there panting with your legs spread. I could see in the moonlight, their cum in your hair and oozing out of your pussy and your used ass. I picked you up and carried you down to the creek, wading out into the little pool and gently washed all the cum off of your tired body. Eventually, you recovered enough to start kissing me and fondling my hard cock under the water.

Without working up to it, I turned you around and bent you over the big boulder and started fucking you from behind as hard and fast as I could until I came deep in your pussy. When I pulled out, you quickly got out of the water, saying that you didn't want to wash my cum out, but feel it in you all night. We walked hand and hand back to our tent and lay down where you were asleep in seconds.

Before I drifted off next to you, I thought to myself, "this is going to be a very interesting weekend!"

Continued?