 Edited by Techsan. Thanks Ed.

All characters are fictional. Any resemblances to persons living or dead are coincidental. I try to make my characters just slightly more real by giving them thoughts and opinions. Kindly don't trash my score because you disagree with a fictional character. If you want standard cardboard characters and plots, skip to another story. Intelligent constructive feedback is welcome. Pointless negative wisecracks are just vandalism. Relax and get horny. It's only Literotica.

*

As Reiko stepped onto the airport tarmac and breathed in the warm Hawaiian air, she was relieved to be nearing the final leg of her journey. At last she was on Oahu. Her journey had begun in Japan nearly a year earlier. 

Having just graduated with a degree in biology, Reiko had wanted some time away from school to decide if she wanted to go to medical school or try her hand at something else. Her wealthy father was very supportive of his only daughter, and went out of his way to keep her happy.

One evening while watching the news, she saw a story about the confrontations between Japan's whaling ships and anti-whaling activists. Reiko's inquisitive mind wanted to understand why so much of the rest of the world was so vehemently against whaling. While searching the internet for whale related information, she came across "An Open Letter to the Youth of Japan" by Dr. Roger Payne, one of the world's foremost experts on whales. It was an impassioned plea for Japanese youth to discover the wonders of the incredible marine mammals. Especially as a biology major, it fired Reiko's curiosity and she began to read about whales. She became fascinated with whales' use of sonar, their diving ability, their social structures, and especially whale song.

Fluent in English and in use of the internet, Reiko soon began to correspond with an American marine biologist named Sean Emery. He lived in Hawaii with his wife, and was an authority on whale communication. It wasn't long before Reiko had talked the Emerys into taking her on as an intern for a week. Reiko would assist the Emerys in their research in return for a place to stay and for teaching Reiko about whales.

Another reason that the Emerys agreed to Reiko's internship was because they knew that the most effective way to end Japanese whaling was to change the attitude of the Japanese people from within. A young Japanese anti-whaling activist could only help end the slaughter.

Sean spied Reiko the instant she entered the terminal. Standing six feet four inches, he could see over most of the crowd. Reiko had exchanged e-mail photos with Sean, and the young beauty would have stood out in any crowd. Her straight, black hair was parted in the middle and reached almost to her breasts. At 5'2" and petite, she looked more like a girl than a twenty-two year-old young woman.

As Reiko's eyes adjusted to the shade of the terminal, she saw a tall man holding a sign above his head which was lettered with her name in English. She recognized the man as Sean Emery. Reiko smiled and walked toward him. 

Standing next to Sean was a very attractive blonde woman. Reiko assumed it was Sean's wife, Diane.

Finally seeing people in the flesh is usually an interesting moment. Sean was as nice looking as his photo, but seemed even taller and more muscular than Reiko had pictured him. He looked younger than his 44 years. His green eyes were intelligent and inviting. His salt and pepper hair was short and neat. From spending so much time outdoors, his face and arms were tanned.

Reiko recognized a beautiful woman when she saw one. Sean's wife, Diane, was stunningly beautiful. Her blonde hair was short, yet stylish. Diane's blue eyes gleamed mischievously. Her lips were full and sensuous. She was 42, but looked younger. Her slim waist accentuated her 34C chest. A tight denim mini-skirt showed off her terrific legs and ass. Diane was about three inches taller than Reiko.

The Emerys both smiled and bowed to Reiko. Reiko bowed, straightened, and extended her right hand to Sean and then to Diane.

"Aloha... welcome to Oahu, Reiko," Sean said.

"Thank you," Reiko replied.

"How was your trip?" Diane inquired.

"The flight from Tokyo to Hawaii was long, but thankfully uneventful," Reiko replied in nearly flawless English.

"We'll have you back to our place soon, and then you can unpack and relax," Diane said.

"Let's pick up your luggage and get out of here," Sean suggested.

Reiko nodded in agreement. During the ride back to the Emery's home, the threesome made pleasant conversation and listened to good music. Reiko gazed out of the car windows and marvelled at the beautiful, lush Hawaiian landscape. She barely noticed the passing of time and soon they were pulling into a driveway.

Once in the clean, comfortable house, Reiko was informed that they were taking her to a bay-front restaurant for dinner, and that she was welcome to shower after her long trip. After unpacking in the guest room, the shower gave Reiko a second wind. In a sexy mood after showering, Reiko put on a blue, low-cut knit top which revealed some of her 32B chest, and a skirt similar to the one Diane had worn. It pleased Reiko to see that Diane had also chosen a low-cut, black top and denim mini-skirt to wear to the restaurant. Sean dressed coastal casual - gray shorts and a navy-blue shirt.

As they left for the restaurant, the late afternoon was picture perfect: sunny, 77 degrees, with a slight breeze out of the south. The restaurant was only a few minutes drive. As the threesome walked toward the door, Diane turned toward Reiko.

"Would you like to eat outside? They have a nice deck overlooking the bay, with tables with umbrellas," Diane smiled.

"That sounds great," Reiko nodded and smiled.

The restaurant's outside dining deck was raised on pilings and was only about twenty feet from the water lapping against a bulkhead. The hostess led them to a table near the outer railing and placed menus on the table. Reiko sat, inhaled the salt air, and looked west across the expansive bay. The setting sun glittered on the water like thousands of diamonds. All tension had drained from Reiko.

"This is why I like to eat out whenever we can," Diane explained.

Sean grinned at Reiko and whispered, "Diane likes to eat out almost as much as being eaten. Don'cha, Di?"

Diane smiled and whispered, "Don't be giving away my secrets. You're so bad."

Reiko missed the sexual innuendo, but smiled politely.

Their waitress asked if they would like drinks before dinner and they all replied affirmatively. Sean ordered a VO and Seven-Up, Diane a martini, and Reiko ordered white wine.

During the delicious dinner, Reiko learned that Diane was an audio technician and that Sean taught marine biology at the local university. Between the good food and drinks, beautiful ambiance, and pleasant company, Reiko hadn't felt so carefree in a long time. They stayed to watch the sun set into the ocean and then headed back to the house.

After Reiko had retired to her room and the Emerys had retired to theirs, Diane was getting undressed.

"Reiko's even better looking in person than in her photo," Diane observed, as Sean was removing his shorts.

"Is she? I hadn't noticed," Sean said softly, just to tease his wife.

Diane chuckled, "Bullshit... Since when don't you notice a young hottie?"

Sean grinned and replied, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

Diane smiled and nodded.

The following day was spent preparing the Emerys' large sloop for whale research. Reiko learned more about whales and the equipment used to study them in that one day than she had up until then. Even on the short drive to the marina, Sean and Diane answered several questions which Reiko asked.

Upon walking out the marina dock, Reiko learned that a single masted sailboat was also called a sloop. The Emerys' sloop was forty-eight feet long, with a large comfortable cabin area. It bobbed very gently at its marina slip. Reiko eagerly anticipated getting out on the ocean.

The threesome began to haul supplies and equipment from the station wagon to the boat. A little while later, Sean explained to Reiko a little about scuba gear, as he prepared to install a hydrophone (an underwater microphone) under the keel of the boat.

By the end of Reiko's first full day on Oahu, the Emerys' large sailboat had been stocked with supplies, and the research equipment was fully functional. The following day would be spent traversing the ocean to the waters nearer to Maui.

The next morning dawned sunny and warm, with a steady seventeen knot breeze. Reiko was very excited to be going to sea with the Emerys. As the sloop made its way out of the marina, Reiko felt her pulse quicken. She grinned broadly at Sean and Diane. Once in clear water, Sean and Diane raised the sails, shut off the engine, and the boat sliced through the mild chop.

They had only been underway fifteen minutes when Reiko cried, "Look... look!" 

She pointed to the dolphins riding the bow wave of the boat.

"The world's greatest surfers," Diane said with a smile.

Reiko took several photos and gazed at the playful dolphins until, just as suddenly as they had appeared, they disappeared. She turned and grinned again at Sean and Diane. They returned her smile, pleased that their intern was enjoying the voyage.

While Reiko had been watching the dolphins, Sean had changed into a pair of swimming trunks. Reiko stole glances at Sean's muscular torso, and at his powerful arms as he steered the sailboat. Reiko thought that he was one of the most handsome men she'd ever seen. 

Reiko watched as Diane began to apply sunscreen to her face and neck. Diane then pulled off her sweatshirt and jeans to reveal a blue bikini underneath. She began to apply sunscreen to the rest of her body that she could reach. Reiko tried not to stare, but Diane possessed a figure as lovely as her face. Her flat stomach accentuated her large firm breasts. Her shapely ass and legs looked even better in the bikini than they did in a mini-skirt. Reiko knew that there were many twenty-something year-old women who wished they had a body like 42 year-old Diane.

Sean approached the women and asked, "Hey, Di, want me to do your back?"

"Thanks, hun," Diane smiled, and handed Sean the sunscreen.

Sean began to spread the lotion on Diane's back.

Diane smiled at Reiko and said, "Why don't you put on a swimsuit and cool off?"

"I think I will," Reiko replied.

She disappeared down into the cabin, and returned in a few minutes. She was wearing a wine colored bikini.

"Wow, you look terrific," Diane said with a smile. Sean simply gazed at the young beauty. Though she wasn't as voluptuous as Diane, Reiko's body was lean and shapely. The breeze blew strands of dark hair across Reiko's lovely face. 

"Thank you," Reiko said shyly.

"Come here, honey," Diane said, "Let me put some sunscreen on you before you get burned."

Reiko sat next to Diane, who squeezed some lotion into her hand. Reiko and Diane smiled at each other, and then Reiko allowed Diane to begin applying the lotion to her face. In the short time that she'd been there, Reiko felt a strong attraction to both of the Emerys. Diane was undoubtedly the sexiest woman Reiko had ever met. She enjoyed having the beautiful, mature blonde rub the lotion onto her flesh. Diane applied sunscreen to Reiko's shoulders, back, and legs. Reiko chose to do her stomach and breasts because she was slightly ticklish. Surreptitiously watching the two women, Sean was unable to control the stiffening in his shorts, and did his best to camouflage the tent. Despite his efforts, Reiko took notice of the impressive bulge in Sean's trunks.

As the sun began to set, the breeze dropped to a mild five knots, and the ocean swells flattened out. The threesome ate a light dinner, and changed back into warmer clothing. Back up on deck, a plastic tumbler half-filled with Chambord was handed to Reiko by Sean. Diane and Sean listened more intently to the hydrophone. As the sky grew darker and darker, Reiko peered upward. Away from the diffused light of any land, Reiko watched as more and more stars appeared. When the sky grew black, Reiko saw more stars than she had ever seen at any time in her life. It seemed that the entire Milky Way hung above her head. She found it breathtaking.

Suddenly, over the speaker came a long low moan, followed by clicks and whistles. Reiko looked anxiously at Sean and Diane. Another higher cry followed, and then another low moan. The sounds echoed through the water's depths. 

Sean looked at Reiko and said quietly, "That, my dear, is a male humpback whale."

Reiko's almond eyes widened and a smile crept across her face. 

"I think Reiko brought luck with her. Whale song on the first evening out is terrific," Diane said, as she began recording the ethereal sounds coming through the hydrophone below the keel.

Sean smiled at Reiko and said, "They know that you're up here and want to impress you."

Reiko smiled and moved closer to the speaker. She marvelled at the non-terrestrial sounds created by the passing leviathans, and gazed up at the mast slowly sweeping the incredibly starry sky. Reiko drank her liqueur and listened intently. Up from the depths came arias, concertos, and requiems. Haunting melodies hung in the calm night air.

Reiko whispered, "It's so beautiful..."

For more than half an hour, the three humans were transfixed by the eerie beauty of the whale vocalizations. As the cries, moans and clicks slowly faded away, Reiko had experienced an epiphany, an intuitive insight into the essential intelligence, complexity, and beauty of whales. Tears trickled down her soft cheeks and onto her smiling lips.

Sean had disappeared into the cabin below, but quickly returned carrying a large bottle and three plastic cups.

"Some Spumante to celebrate Reiko's first whale songs," Sean said.

He removed the cork, poured three cups of the sparkling wine, and handed a cup to Reiko and Diane.

"To the whales," Diane said, raising her cup.

Reiko repeated, "To the whales."

"And to Reiko for being here to experience it," Sean added.

The trio quickly drank their Spumante, and then Sean refilled their cups.

After draining their cups again, and hearing no further whale sounds, Diane suggested that they go into the more comfortable cabin.

"Good idea," Sean agreed.

Once below deck, Diane sat on the couch, patted the cushion next to her, and said, "Reiko, sit next to me."

She welcomed the chance to sit close to Diane.

Diane smiled at Reiko and asked, "Now are you glad you came to Hawaii?"

"My English is not good enough to tell you how very happy I am at this moment."

Sean sat on the other side of Reiko.

"Maybe you can just show us by giving each of us a kiss?" Sean smiled.

Reiko stared into Sean's inviting eyes. Feeling the effects of the liqueur, wine, and the euphoria of the evening, Reiko's inhibitions were quickly melting away. This man and woman had shown her one of the most amazing days of her life. She felt so close to both of them, that she wanted to share herself with them. Reiko smiled and nodded.

Sean slipped his powerful arm around Reiko's shoulder, pulled her close, and pressed his lips to hers. Reiko was somewhat surprised by the passion in Sean's kiss, but welcomed it.

"Hey, don't I get a kiss too?" Diane said.

Sean and Reiko broke their embrace, and Reiko turned toward Diane, smiling. The two women put their hands on each other's shoulders and pressed their lips together. When Reiko felt Diane's tongue brush her lips, she opened her mouth to receive it. Diane slid her lips slowly against Reiko's, as their tongues intertwined.

With his fingers, Sean moved Reiko's long dark hair to expose her neck, and began to kiss her soft skin. Reiko moaned quietly. She had never been pleasured by two people at once and was savoring the sensuality. Reiko then felt Diane's hands slip under her shirt and move up to her breasts. Skilled fingers rubbed Reiko's nipples through her bra. After feeling Reiko's nipples become erect, Diane grabbed the bottom of Reiko's shirt and lifted it. Reiko raised her arms to ease its removal. 

Then it was Sean's turn to kiss Reiko again. She opened her mouth to receive his tongue and ran her hand over his chest. While Diane watched Sean fondle Reiko's breasts, she quickly removed her own shirt and shorts, revealing a skimpy white bra and white bikini panties. Diane moved to Sean, took hold of the bottom of his shirt, and began to lift. Sean broke his kiss with Reiko to allow his wife to pull the shirt off. Reiko admired his muscular, hairy chest. Sean pulled Diane close and they kissed passionately. Reiko watched Sean's hands fondle Diane's large breasts over her bra. Reiko had been wanting to touch those beautiful breasts all day, so she reached up and placed her small palm over Diane's left bra cup. She felt its heft and gently rubbed.

Diane paused kissing Sean, smiled at Reiko, and said softly, "That feels so good."

Diane sat on Reiko's left again. Reiko grinned at Diane.

Diane returned the smile and said seductively, "My husband has a big hard-on. I'll bet you'd like to see it. You know what I mean by hard-on?"

Reiko momentarily felt shy and replied, "His penis?"

Diane smiled and said, "Yeah, his erect penis."

"I would love to see his hard-on," Reiko grinned.

Reiko smiled up at Sean who had a lustful leer on his face.

Diane undid Sean's shorts and then slid the zipper down. She slipped her fingers into the waistband of his boxer briefs and pulled them down along with his shorts, until they fell to the floor. He stepped out of them and stood facing the women, hands on hips.

Reiko gazed at his ivory erection standing straight out like a flagpole. She estimated it to be about eight inches long and proportionately thick.

"It is the nicest one I have ever seen," Reiko whispered.

When Diane grasped Sean's rod and stroked it, Sean closed his eyes and moaned, "Oh, yeah." 

With her right hand, Diane grasped Reiko's left wrist and guided Reiko's hand to Sean's erection. When the palm of her hand contacted the head of Sean's hard-on, Reiko needed no further guidance. She curled her fingers around the shaft, replacing Diane's hand. She squeezed gently and felt the warm rod throb in her hand. Reiko looked up at Sean and smiled as she stroked his big boner. 

Sean returned her smile and whispered, "That's a good girl."

Diane reached behind Reiko, unhooked her bra, and helped slide it off. When Reiko released her grip on Sean's hard-on, Sean sat on her opposite side. Almost as one, Diane put her mouth to Reiko's left nipple and Sean began to lick Reiko's right nipple. Reiko moaned quietly.

After a couple of minutes, Diane unhooked the rivet on Reiko's jeans and pulled the zipper down. As Diane watched Sean licking Reiko's nipples, she hooked her fingers into Reiko's waistband and began to slide down her pants. Reiko lifted her hips to ease their removal. Diane then removed Reiko's bikini panties, exposing her fine, black pubic hair.

Next, Diane quickly removed her own panties and knelt before Reiko, who spread her legs to receive the beautiful woman. Reiko gazed into Diane's eyes a second before Diane pressed her lips into Reiko's muff and kissed her vagina. Reiko moaned as Sean licked her nipples and his lovely wife licked Reiko's wet pussy.

With her right hand, Reiko squeezed Sean's hard-on and felt it throb in her hand. She ran the fingers of her left hand through Diane's soft blonde hair.

Sean began to kiss and lick his way down Reiko's stomach and down her abdomen, until he joined Diane in licking Reiko's pussy. Reiko felt Sean slide two long fingers inside of her, as two tongues pleasured her. Both Diane and Sean were virtuoso cunnilinguists, and Reiko became their instrument. They played Reiko until their duets and solos took Reiko to ecstasy.
