 When I was 19, my college buddy Todd and I worked for a moving company in town. They would give us smaller jobs like pianos and single item jobs to fit our schedule better since we had classes to attend. However, during the summer, we would work full time on bigger jobs if there were no smaller jobs to work.

Todd rode with me to work and we arrived at 9:00 on a Thursday morning in July. There were 4 smaller jobs so we packed up what we needed, got in one of the smaller vans, and headed out to the first move. It was a baby grand piano move from one local residence to another. We arrived at the house but no one came to the door. Instead, a gorgeous blonde came around from the pool area gate and hollered, "Over here, guys!"

She introduced herself as Nikki as she held the gate for us while we carried the dolly, horses, backboard, and quilts in. We walked through the back doors of the house and into the living room. It was simple enough move but she seemed fascinated by us carefully wrapping the piano in protective quilts and blankets, strapping the backboard on, taking the pedals off, then a leg, then carefully lifting the piano up onto and securing it to the dolly for transport. She even said, "I had no idea it came apart like that."

I said with a flirty smile, "Good thing you left it to the pros."

She smiled back and explained the piano was hers and this was her Dad's house. She had moved to another house across town after college where we would follow her in order to complete the delivery.

We rolled the piano up into the van, secured it to the side of the van and secured the legs and pedals so they didn't get damaged in transit. We got in the van and Todd said, "Damn, dude, she is flirting pretty hard with you."

I questioned, "Really? I just thought she was being nice. She looks familiar."

He replied, "She stared at you the whole time. I saw her."

I said, "Whatever."

We followed her to her house and I backed into her driveway as she left her car on the street. We set up the ramps to get in and moved the piano into her small living room. After we put the piano back together, she asked us, "You guys want some soda, or water?"

I said, "Sure, I'll take a glass of water."

She went into the kitchen and I heard her getting a glass, ice, and water. Todd whispered, "Get her phone number, dude!"

I whispered back, "Shut up already!"

She came back with the water and handed us each a glass. As Todd talked to her, I looked her up and down. She was wearing short tan shorts with pockets, a short white t-shirt, and sandals. I could see her legs and lower torso were nicely tanned. As I looked down at her small but firm breasts, then to her crotch, she looked at me. I tried to look away quickly but she saw me. She smiled again but I was turning red and feeling flush.

She said, "I think you like what you see."

I said, "I'm sorry. You're gorgeous. We'd better be going."

Then she said, "You don't remember me, do you?"

I said, "You look kind of familiar, but I am not sure."

She said, "You and my little brother played in a band together a few years ago. It was at my Mom's house over off of Jackson."

Now I knew where I knew her from. She was the older step sister of a friend of mine. We'd go over, get stoned, and play music at their house. She got stoned with us a few times and even gave me a blowjob once. We thought she was a slut because she seemed to always be making out with somebody and had a different boyfriend every other month. She was 3 years ahead of us in high school so I guess that puts her around 22.

I said, "Oh, Nicole! I remember you now! Those years are a little fuzzy at times, ya know."

She replied, "They were for all of us I think. You sure grew up! I think I owe you boys a tip for taking such good care of my piano. Don't rush off just yet."

We weren't supposed to accept tips but I figured it wouldn't hurt. She walked down the hallway, swinging her ass the whole way, and I figured she was getting a few dollars so I waited.

When she came back out, she was completely naked. Her tits were small, but her body was toned and small as well. She stood about 5'3", had real light blonde hair that came down nearly to her dime sized nipples, had a nice hour glass shape, and a tattoo of a serpent or something where her pubic hair would have been had she not shaved it completely. 

I coughed and said, "Holy shit! Todd? You playing a joke on me?"

He said, "No, dude, holy fuck!"

She walked back to us and asked, "You guys game for some fun?"

I knew I probably shouldn't for many reasons but I said, "Sure!"

Todd said, "I have a girlfriend but fuck it."

She said seductively to me, "He's got a girl but how long has it been for you?"

I said, "2 or 3 months, maybe longer."

She started kissing me passionately, sticking her tongue into my mouth. I responded back with the same passion, grabbing her by the back of her head and pulling her hair. She moaned and reached her hand up into my shirt. Todd came in behind her and began kissing her naked ass and licking between her ass cheeks. I reached down to finger her pussy but Todd already had a finger going inside of her as she spread her legs to let him explore. I stayed on her clit with my finger as Todd explored her canal with his. I was so hard my cock was nearly ripping the seams of my jeans.

Nikki, as she told me to call her now, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. She pushed them down a bit and pulled my hard cock out of my underwear. She got down onto her hands and knees and took my cock head into her mouth. She slowly worked up and down the shaft and I could feel her tongue stroking across the shaft and under the head. I reached down and ran my fingers through her blonde hair.

Todd had taken his pants and underwear off and was edging up behind her with just his t-shirt on. His cock was maybe just a tad smaller than my 7 inches and had a very slight curve to the right of his body and upward. The head was small where mine was almost oversized for my thickness. His body looked good naked. I am not gay, but he has a good body, better than my own, with defined chest muscles, tight abs, and wide shoulders that bulged under his t-shirt. The veins in his arms stood out as he reached down to mount Nikki.

I saw him lower his cock as he found her canal. Once he got in, he put his hands on her hips and began stroking in and out. He said, "Fuck, this feels good."

She began moaning more and sucking faster on my cock. She was not taking me into her throat, but she was going deep and my head was spinning. I made eye contact with Todd and he kind of smiled, but then went back to a serious and pleased look as his strokes continued to quicken. He quickly licked his lips as he continued to breathe out of his mouth.

Her moaning continued as she got cocks from both ends. A thought crossed my mind that I had always wanted to do and figured she might be one to oblige. I didn't know how anyone would react but I had to ask. I told them, "Let's get down on the floor."

I told Todd to lay down and then told Nikki to lay on top of him. On the way down, she straddled Todd and took his cock into her pussy again. I put my right hand on her back and whispered to her, "I'm going to fuck your ass."

She shook her head yes and looked me in the eyes. Then she panted, "Go get the lube in the top drawer of the end table by my bed."

I went into the bedroom she had just been in and opened the drawer as instructed. I pulled a tube of lube out and came back into the living room. They were off in another world it seemed fucking on the carpet and both were slightly flush. I took my pants and underwear off but left my shirt on as well. I squirted some lube onto my cock and rubbed it all over and then squirted some on my hand and rubbed around her puckered hole. After rubbing up and down a few times, I stuck a finger into her tight ass. She moaned more and stopped moving on top of Todd for a second.

I got into position over her and aimed the head of my cock at her hole. I saw Todd's heavy balls and part of his shaft as most of it had disappeared into her pussy. My cock head was so big with excitement, I knew I would have to push hard to get it in. I pushed and had to put a lot of my weight into it and finally, her ass accepted my cock. She breathed in real deep and held her breath for a second. Then blew it out and said, "That's huge. Fuck!"

I put my hands on her hips as I began fucking her with small, slow strokes, feeling her outer ring stroke my shaft tightly. Todd repositioned himself to control his body fucking her pussy since her body had to stay still for both of us to be able to glide in and out. I felt his cock rubbing mine through the flesh and muscles in between our shafts. She was on her elbows just above Todd's body while he moved underneath of her and I came in from behind. She moaned, grabbed the carpet on the floor, and threw her head back. She said seductively, "Fill my body, boys. Fill it, both of you."

My strokes became deeper and faster as I fucked this girl's ass and my friend pounded her pussy. Nikki then said, "Oh my God. I'm gonna cum!"

Todd increased his pace and I thought he might be cumming to. I was right. He dug his fingertips into her waist as his body began thrusting inside of her and she responded to his cumming as she came simultaneously. I could feel everything happening as her ass tightened around my cock and his cock grew and throbbed as we rubbed through her internal skin. I knew I was not far from cumming myself, buried in this gorgeous woman's ass.

As Todd finished, his strokes slowed and he pulled out of her cum soaked pussy with juices dripping out behind him onto his balls and the carpet below. He crawled from underneath her, then went around to her face and fed his half hard, sticky cock into her mouth. She accepted it and cleaned it as I continued to fuck her tight ass. I moved my hands from her hips to her tiny waist as I felt my own orgasm building inside of my lower body. She continued moaning and sucking on Todd's cock.

My cock began to throb and shoot loads of cum into her ass as she reached back with one hand to tickle my balls. Her other arm was wrapped around Todd's ass to keep her body attached to his cock. I buried my cock as my lower body bounced off of her cheeks, sending ripples of flesh out to her hips and down her legs and forcing her to choke on Todd's cock.

When I felt like I could shoot no more, I slowed down and put my hands back on her hips. I gently moved in and out of her ass until I pulled my cock all the way out. The flesh around her ass hole was red and the hole itself remained dilated for a second until she squeezed it back to a small pucker. Her sucking had Todd's cock back into shape and I said, "Dude, we really need to get on our next delivery."

He said, "You go ahead. I want to finish this." After a pause he continued, "Maybe it would be faster if I fucked her ass, too."

She shook her head no and pulled his cock out of her mouth. She said, "My ass hurts like hell. Dave's cock is huge."

He didn't listen and pulled his now hard cock from her lips. He walked around to her backside on his knees and got behind her with his cock pointing at her puckered hole. She was still plenty lubed from my fucking her so he slipped his smaller cock right in and buried it as deep as he could. He put his hands on her hips and pumped in and out of her ass while she made faces like it was uncomfortable or painful. I almost felt bad for her, but at the same time, I think she wanted it. She put her elbows down on the carpet and put her face in between them, covering her face with her blonde hair. The scene was exciting me again so I went around to her front and pulled her head up. I sat down on the carpet and started to move underneath her.

She said, "Go rinse off first, please?"

I did as she wished and went to the bathroom and rinsed the lube and other juices off of my cock for her. I came back in and put my cock to her face. She took my semi hard cock into her mouth and started sucking it while Todd punished her ass again and again. I grabbed her hair and pushed her down onto my cock. She gagged for just a second and lifted her head up and shook it no. After that, I let her go as deep as she wanted and didn't force anything again. In a minute or so, my cock was hard again and she was giving me a fantastic blowjob. She was no longer making expressions of pain as Todd rammed his spear into her ass. He finally announced, "Oh yes, baby. I'm gonna fill your ass now, "as he smacked her ass three or four times with his hand.

That seemed to excite her more and she sucked harder and faster on my cock, getting me closer to release. He finally finished and pulled out of her ass and went to the bathroom to wipe off. She moved her lower body down to the floor and continued to suck my cock in and out. I whispered to her, "Hey, I feel kind of bad. I think your pussy needs my cock more than your mouth."

She too my cock out of her mouth, smiled, and said, "I'd like that."

As I was crawling over behind her, Todd walked by us and started putting his clothes back on. He smacked my ass as he walked by and said, "I thought we had to go? I'll be in the truck."

He went out the door and I heard him putting the equipment back in the truck. I got into position again behind Nikki. She stuck her ass into the air far enough for me to see where my cock needed to go. I slowly parted her lips with my cock and entered her tight little shaved pussy. I felt her pubic bone make its way down my shaft as I pushed in all the way. The carpet was kind of burning my knees but her pussy felt like heaven around my head and shaft so I tried to ignore it. I gave her long and steady strokes and rubbed her back. I reached down and kissed the back of her neck and her body responded with chill bumps all over.

I lowered my body down on top of hers and reached underneath her to rub her clit as I moved in and out of her pussy. After a few minutes of a slow, relaxing intercourse and clitoral stimulation, I felt her getting close to cumming as her pussy began tightening and loosening around my cock. She said, "Oh, yes. That's feels great, "as she lifted up her head off of the floor and squirmed underneath me.

After she came again, I told her, "My knees are getting burned from the carpet. Can we move?"

She said, "Yes. This carpet is irritating me, too. How about the bed?"

I pulled my cock from her body and got up. She pushed herself up off of the floor and walked ahead of me to the bedroom where she sat on the edge of her bed. I took my shirt off and grabbed her legs, making her fall down onto the bed on her back. Her ass was on the edge of the bed as she laid across it. I put her slick, toned legs together against my chest as I bent down enough to get my cock into her. She grabbed a pillow and I helped her put it under her ass to raise it up enough where my knees were straight. I started fucking her deep and fast, pulling my body into hers with my hands firmly gripping the tops of her legs. She looked at me in pleasure and said, "That feels much better. Your cock is so big!"

Then she leaned her head back again and closed her eyes. I felt her body move and she announced, "Don't stop! Oh fuck!"

Her face went flush again as I rammed into her as hard as I could. I watched her little tits bounce up and down as I buried my spear in her canal over and over. My cock was feeling off and on like I was getting there myself.

I let her legs go and bent down over her body as she spread them out to the side and moved her feet behind me. I bent down far enough to suck and nibble on her breasts one by one. In no time, she was cumming again and running her fingernails up and down my back. Her slick, soft canal squeezed me hard this time and I felt myself getting close to release.

I continued at a nice pace, working up a sweat as I felt it run down by back and my arms. She reached up and put her hands on my shoulders as she started to cum again. She announced, "Harder! YES!"

I felt my own release coming on. I leaned down further and kissed her mouth and swirled my tongue around hers, not caring if Todd had just had his cock in it as I buried every inch as deep as I could in her hot, juicy pussy. She responded by letting me know verbally she was cumming again. It felt great to unload in her one last time as she released more of her cum to mix it all up inside of her. Todd and I had filled her ass and pussy, just like she wanted but now it was time to get on with our work day.

I pulled out soon after we came down and told her, "I'll be back, but I really have to get going."

She sat up and replied, "I will be needing my piano moved again real soon. You can count on that!"

I cleaned the mixture of juices off of my cock with a bath towel and put my clothes back on as she hopped in the shower. I got another glass of water before I left and locked the door behind me. Todd and I laughed and talked about the ordeal all day. He said, "Man, you tall skinny guys have big dicks! What's up with that?"

I said, "What are you looking at my cock for, you pervert!

He said, "Seemed like you couldn't keep your eyes off of mine either."

I joked and said, "Just checking out the competition."

We both laughed.

We were a half hour late to our next move but as far as I know, the people did not call or complain to our boss.