 Hi all. My name is Sonia. I'm 5 foot 2 inches, slim, medium to large breasts and I like men. I especially like men to notice me and get horny looking at me. I love provoking them a lot but I don't consider myself to be a prick tease. I always try to follow through and finish what I start.

Anyway, my friend Fiona told me to write about my weekend break at her house. I'm not really a writing sort of person but here goes... (Tony, if you're reading this, I'm sorry and I'll explain later, okay? There are a few things you don't know about that weekend, especially about the journey to London.) Here goes...

I was staying at my parent's holiday flat in Dorset while I was working as a waitress in an Italian restaurant. I'd been there for 3 months and my contract was coming to an end. My plans included returning to London for the winter months while business in the south is slower and then returning the next spring. 

I remember it was a Monday and I was at home, when my boyfriend answered the phone and I heard him trying to speak really bad English to someone on the other end of the line. He was from Argentina and worked at the same pizza place as I did. We used to fuck a lot in the store room at work during breaks and the relationship kind of grew a little from there. I had never considered him the love of my life or any love at all for that matter but he obviously felt that there was more to the relationship than sex since he would spend too much time at my apartment hounding me or trying to help me with the weekly shopping. "Get a life, dude, and leave me the fuck alone" I thought. I didn't really have the heart to tell him that, and that all that interested me for the moment was in his pants. 

Anyway, I digress. The point is that I took the receiver from him and answered myself.

"Hello." I said.

"Sonia? It's me Fiona." responded a voice from the ear piece.

"Fifi!" I shrieked. "How are you? How's Tony? What are you guys up too?" I asked.

My heart always raced when Fiona phoned. The reason was that I was nuts about Tony. But she was my friend and I kept well away from him. For years I'd fantasized about him, and for years I kept my emotions hidden, especially from him. Sure, on some occasions I would put on the shortest skirt I had when I was near him but it was mainly for my benefit. I would fantasize about him fantasising about me. Does that make any sense at all?

"We're fine, Sonia, I miss you a lot. When are you going to come and visit us again?" asked Fiona.

"Well, now that you mention it, my contract ends on Thursday and I was thinking of popping back up to London. Do you think I could stay with you for the weekend until I move into mum and dad's place on Monday? I don't really fancy staying with them the whole weekend." I replied.

"You know you don't have to ask, just knock on the door. 

"Hey, how are you coming up?" she asked, "I could ask Tony to drive down and pick you up."

Fiona really knew how to make it difficult for me and she must trust Tony a lot knowing that if it were any other guy, I would probably fuck him 10 times before reaching London. But it's Tony and I couldn't do it. Not Tony. I would probably freeze from nerves and would hardly talk throughout the 4 hour journey. Damm, why did he make me so nervous and why did my brain turn to shit when I was around him? I hated myself for that.

"That's ok Fifi, don't bother him with it. It would be an 8 hour journey for him. I can take the bus and be there in 4. There's no point making the poor guy drive so far. Besides, he's probably very busy and what if something happened to him and..." 

I was getting nervous again but I tried to control myself. 

"Thanks a lot but forget it. I'll get the bus on Friday afternoon and a taxi to your house. I should be there by 8pm." I stammered.

"Ok Sonia, have it you way but I'm sure he won't mind and you know he's an excellent driver." She insisted.

"No, it's ok. I'll see you guys on Friday evening. See you Fifi and thanks. Give my love to Tony" 

I hanged up the phone before I would drop it, my hands were shaking. 

Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I cursed myself for being so feeble and weak minded. I would love to spend 4 hours in a car with Tony. I would put my hand into his trousers and stroke his balls and take his cock out and lick the tip and suck it, oh god suck it good and swallow.....STOPPP! I was getting hot about something that was never going to happen. A drop of liquid trickled down my inside leg. Boy was my pussy wet.

"Joe, sweetheart," I called out to my Argentinean pain in the ass.

"Yes my love?" he replied.

"Could you do me a favour and get your cock out, I need a fuck right now." I demanded.

"Who was woman on phone?" he asked. 

"Oh, it was Fiona, a very good friend of mine." I replied.

"Is she, how you say? Good fuck?" He asked giggling.

I really wasn't in the mood for his jokes.

I shouted at him, "She has a boyfriend that would fuck you up before you had a chance to pee your pants!

"Now get in here and fuck me!" And mumbling under my breath I said, "And I'll pretend its Tony who's drilling me" 

He must have read my mind because he asked, "Hmm, you like boyfriend huh? Your pussy wet for him?"

Damm fucking right, I thought. Fuck I seriously wanted Tony's babies. He could tie me up in the basement and fuck me non stop and even invite his friends if it would make him happy. I was so wet for him. Nearly every time I had a cock in my hands or in my cunt or in my mouth (which was often), he would be right there haunting my every thought. I would see guys in the street or at work and I would compare them to Fiona's boyfriend. What on earth was wrong with me and what on earth did Tony have that made me so horny? I couldn't explain it. Sure, he was good looking in a manly sort of way. Tall, good legs, great ass, tanned, muscularly without over doing it, but there where a lot of guys like that. Tony was just special to me. 

The week went by very slowly. Work, thinking of Tony, home, thinking of Tony, fucking Joe and thinking of Tony, sleep and dreaming of Tony, work, thinking of Tony, home... on and on and on and it wouldn't end. But finally, one day, I woke up and it was Friday. Yup, tonight I would see him. He would be there. I would smell him even.

I spent 3 hours preparing myself in the bathroom. But it was compensated by the 4 minutes I spent packing. Most of my clothes would stay in the flat until next year. I only took what I needed the most. I had more clothes in London. I'm actually one of the very few women who like to travel light. It was now 1 o'clock and the bus left at 3. I had 2 hours to kill. There was a knock at the door and I went to see who it was. 

Opening the door there stood Joe with a smile on his face. Shit! I'd forgotten all about him and hadn't told him that I was going to London. He tried to enter but I told him that I had to go and that it was fun and all but that he wouldn't be seeing me again. He looked down at the floor and saw the small travel bag.

"You going to London?" he asked, with a puzzle look on his stupid face.

"Yes," I said, "And I won't be coming back for a long time."

Please fuck off, please fuck off... I concentrated on that thought to see if he would get the message via telepathy or something. Go on, scat, piss off, hasta fucking luego. My mental efforts where wasted on him. He was still there on my door step and he wouldn't just disappear magically into thin air. I started to get annoyed.

"Listen carefully Joe, I going to London, I won't be back, get a life, adios."

"I not understand!" he pleaded.

"Yes, well, that's always been a problem for you. Have a good life Joe. I don't want to see you again. Whatever you think we had together is over. No more fucky sucky. Bye." That killed the conversation right there.

I picked up the travel bag, pushed him aside and closed and locked the door behind me. I called the lift and when it came I got in it and pressed the ground button. As far as I know he may have stayed there on my landing all weekend long.

I hailed a taxi to take me to the bus station. I got there at 1:45 and still had over an hour to kill so I sat down on a bench and prepared for the long wait. Tony would have been here by now if I would have let Fiona ask him to pick me up. We would be in the car alone now. He would be driving and I would be looking at the bulge between his legs. And I would stroke it while his left hand moved up under my skirt and touched my naked pussy lips. He would then insert a finger inside my wet pussy and.....FUCK ME! I was day dreaming again and another trickle of juice raced down my inside leg and into my shoe. I seriously needed to fuck something.

I looked around but there was no one in sight. I lifted my travel bag onto my thighs and slipped my hand under it and up my skirt so that no one would see me. I touched my pussy; it was soaking wet and very hot. I caressed my bloated clit and oh it felt so good. Inserting two fingers inside I started to rub myself under the travel bag. I was going cross eyed from not focusing on anything real, so with my other hand I removed a book I was reading from my travel bag and place it on top and pretended to read. 

But my mind wasn't anywhere near the subject of the book. My mind raced along the road in a car with Tony while his fingers rubbed my pussy. His touch made me feel so good. And I imagined taking his cock out and stroking it. Up and down and up and down. His pre-cum seeping slowly out from the tip of his cock. I imagined lowering my mouth to taste its sweetness. His long fingers working miracles inside me while he drove. What a great driver he really was. Fiona was right. He was driving and finger fucking me perfectly at the same time, and all this while his hard cock pleasured my mouth and my taste buds. What a guy. His fingers made me cum hard. I started to scream until I realized where I was. I looked up to see a guy sitting opposite me on another bench at the bus station. 

"Must be an interesting book." He said, smiling at me. 

I was glowing red from the orgasm and I was perspiring heavily. 

With a shaky voice I tried to answer him, "Actually, I wasn't really reading it. I was thinking of a friend."

"He must be a really close friend." 

He stood up and moved over to my bench and sat next to me. 

"Hi, my name is Tom. I'm headed to London on the next bus." He introduced himself.

"Sonia, me too... London that is" I replied sheepishly. 

Tom seemed nice enough. Of medium height, short thin dark hair and a slim build. He carried only a rucksack and a small carry bag. I looked at the clock on the station wall. It said 14:35. Wow, nearly an hour had passed already and people were starting to arrive. I stood up and flattened my skirt down with my hand.

"Well it has been nice talking to you." I said pleasantly, "Do you mind? I have to go to the little girl's room before I get on the bus."

"Of course." said Tom standing up, "It was a pleasure to see you in action." 

I moved away towards the Ladies room. I walked by the bench where he was sitting and glanced back to my bench. Oh my god, he had a clear view between my legs. He must have seen everything, my bald exposed pussy, everything. I smiled to myself. This may be an interesting bus ride I thought.

Eventually I was on the bus and sitting down waiting for the thing to pull off towards London and nearer to the love of my life; Tony (I can't believe I just said that). The door finally closed and I saw the driver prepare for departure when suddenly the door opened again and in came Tom with his rucksack over his shoulders. He scanned the seating layout and found me. The seat next to mine was free but so were many others. The bus was virtually empty and I was the only person sitting near the back.

"Mind if I sit next to you?" he asked. "It's a long way to London and I could do with the company."

"Sure, why not?" I said removing my travel bag from the empty seat and stowing it away in the ceiling baggage compartment. He removed his rucksack and did the same but still carried with him the small carry bag in his hands. Sitting down he stared at my legs. 

My skirt, although not the shortest I have, was pretty short none the less and he knew that I had no underwear on. Eventually he made himself comfortable and sat down.

"Tell me something about your friend," he asked, "I'm curious. Do you masturbate for all your friends or is this one special in someway?"

"Actually, he is very special to me but he doesn't know it and probably never will." 

I explained my situation. The bouts of nerves I had when he was near me physically or otherwise. The fantasies I constantly had about him, everything. I figured that a stranger would be a good person to talk to about this. 

"You should let him know. Even if you're afraid to talk to him, you should at least write a letter and let him know how you feel." He said.

"I can't do that to Fiona," I said, "I just can't. She's my best friend. She'll also kill me, best friend or not. Let's face it. I'm fucked."

"Well, don't worry. I'm sure one day you'll get your wish." He finished. I really wished his words would come true.

"Tom?" I asked, changing the subject slightly. "What exactly did you see at the station?"

He raised his eyebrows and paused for a few seconds before answering, 

"I saw you climax using two fingers in what seemed to me a very wet pussy." 

I couldn't believe he'd actually said all that with a straight face while mine went completely red. I was right. He'd seen everything. I decided to ask him something and I hoped he would react with the same level of self control. 

"Tom, do you mind if I suck your cock right here and now?" I said bluntly and with no remorse.

"You mean suck my cock and pretend it's Tony, right?" He added. 

He'd summed up 2 and 2 together and got 4 dead on. Most men would get all confused and get 5 o 6 thinking that they actually meant something to a girl with simple desires.

"Yup, that's exactly right." I said, "And I want to call you Tony for the rest of the journey, if that's ok with you?"

He smiled at me before answering. 

"Sure, why not. Tony's a lucky man to have such a devoted friend."

I didn't hesitate. It was going to be fun thinking of Tony while sucking a cock and not having to fake it. I half closed my eyes and stroked Tom's crotch through his trousers. I could feel his cock hardening and bulging inside his pants. It would soon be uncomfortable for him but I let him suffer a little more while I savoured every moment. 

My pussy was dripping again and I was becoming very hot. I unbuttoned his trousers and his belt and opened him up looking for the prize inside. I freed his hard member and stroked it. Tom closed his eyes. I wondered if he was thinking about someone else while I was working his cock. I didn't care enough to ask. 

Drops of pre-cum surfaced from the tip and I lowered my tongue to clean it off. I opened my mouth wide and took his cock all the down my throat while massaging his balls. He started to move his hips relative to my head movements. 

I was sure that I was leaving a stain on the bottom of my skirt and on the bus seat; my pussy was gushing fluids like a flush flood. I took hold of his hand and moved it towards my gaping cunt. He put a finger inside me, then two and finally three. I stopped sucking him and looked up at him

I growled, "Finger fuck my cunt, and fuck it hard." 

He began to really pound my pussy forcing it open and forcing even more juices out. I lifted my bottom up from the seat and raised my skirt to my waist so that I could open my legs wider apart. This helped Tom really slam his fingers into me. 

I could feel his balls contract, he was going to cum and he tried to move my head out of the way. 

"Cum in my mouth" I begged him. 

That was when I felt the rush of hot cum ram my tonsils like a fireman's hose. Wave after wave of hot sticky white cum filled my mouth and forced itself down my throat. I closed my eyes and imagined Tony, his seed penetrating me and reaching my stomach. I swallowed all I could. Gulp after gulp of sperm nearly choking me. I tried to breathe and spunk bubbles formed on my lips. His white liquid was dripping down my chin. I pushed it back into my mouth with my finger to swallow every drop. 

If I'd had vomited it all out on the floor I would have gotten on my hands and knees to eat it all up again. I couldn't imagine letting Tony's cum get wasted like that. I wanted it all. I wanted him so badly. 

"Eat my pussy, Tony!" I begged Tom. "Make me scream like a dirty slut."

Tom lowered himself onto the floor of the bus and edged in between my legs. He lowered his face and started to lick my clit. His cheeks, covered by the pussy juices that I was producing, were slipping and sliding against my inside leg. I was so close to climax already. His tongue felt good but when he blew cool air onto my clitoris, I came instantly. Orgasm after orgasm hit me like a steam train. I put my left hand to my mouth to stop myself from screaming out loud while my right hand clasped the seat arm with all my strength and my body spasmed violently against the seat. My pussy drenched Tom's face with my juices while he tried desperately to survive a serious neck injury as my thighs clasped around his head and shook the shit out of his brains until my orgasmic fit subsided enough for him to slump to the floor.

"Fucking hell!" he exclaimed. "Did I do that or was it Tony?"

I couldn't speak. We were both bathed in sweat. Tom was breathing heavily but said nothing more and I still had my skirt up around my waist. The seat was stained with my fluids and although I tried to clean it a little with a paper napkin it wouldn't all come off. Never mind, I thought, we'll move to another seat if necessary. 

By the way, if you've ever sat down in a London to Dorset bus and found a white stain on the seat, it was probably my dried cunt cream you were sitting on why you ate your sandwich. Cool, huh?

Eventually, and after drinking Tony's (I mean Tom's) cum three more times, the bus arrived in London. I gave my thanks to Tom, which he said were not needed as he had had the best bus journey of his life (whether he'd need a neck brace or not was another thing) and I hailed a taxi to finally arrive at Fiona's and Tony's house. My nerves were going mushy the nearer I got to him.

The taxi stopped outside the house. I paid the driver and stepped out and walked up the steps to the front door. I sighed heavily before I rang the bell. My heart felt like it would explode and my hands were shaking and sweaty. No one answered so I rang again. Eventually I heard the bolts being released and the door moved. There was Fiona and Tony. Oh Jesus, fuck, he's right there, in person and looking so good, I thought. 

"Are you alright Sonia?" asked Fiona curiously. "You look like you've ran a marathon. I told you Tony would have driven down to pick you up. He would have taken good care of you."

I would have taken good care of him too, I thought. 

"I'm fine Fifi, next time I'll let you pick me up, Tony." I finally replied looking into his dark eyes. Tony smiled but said nothing.

"Come in Sonia, don't just stand there, give me a big hug." said Fiona. 

I entered the house and hugged Fiona. I then moved nervously towards Tony. He would usually give me a peck on the cheek but this time he actually grabbed me and gave me a big hug. I could have sworn that the bulge in his trousers felt bigger than normal.

"Forget what Fi says," He said, "you look as gorgeous as always and tasty enough to eat whole. Pips and all." 

He planted a big wet kiss on my right cheek. 

I almost fainted.

TO BE CONTINUED...