 It was getting late, and Roxi was about to call it an early night. Her favorite bar, the only alternative bar in town, was slowing down and she was getting bored. She sat at her favorite table, in front of the DJ booth so she could see the crowd. Sipping her Long Island, she thought about how much she enjoyed her bar. It was the best place in town to find subs for her to play with. The shy inexperienced little girls that she normally found usually turned out to be the dirtiest ones. They were her favorite.

Unfortunately, it seemed to be one of those few nights she struck out. She decided on just going home and fucking Niko in the ass to relieve her frustration. Roxi finished her drink and slid off her stool, waving to the DJ before strolling into the adjoining room that had the bar. She chatted with the bartender for a moment while fishing for the rest of her singles. Stuffing them in the jar, she turned to leave, and caught a shimmer in her perfiferals. She had another $40 left, she reminded herself and turned back around.

"Roxi," she yelled over the music, offering her hand to the girl. Bright greenish golden eyes set into soft angles and framed by feathery auburn hair took her breath away. The girl blinked and smiled, taking her hand.

"Sophie," she responded, "could you recommend a drink? This is my first night out without a guiding hand of some sort."

"I've got it," Roxi said with confidence. There was one drink guaranteed to more than likely always be on special. She turned to the bar and waved the bartender over. "2 more Long Islands."

The girls stood at the bar and talked while they waited. The innocence in Sophie's voice made Roxi tingle. She was very shy, but her eyes told elaborate stories.

~*~

"This is my humble abode," Roxi announced as she unlocked the front door to the apartment she and Niko shared. He was currently on their white leather sofa playing football on their Xbox. She ignored him and went to the kitchen. She poured 3 shotglasses full of her favorite spiced rum and waved Sophie into the room with a grin.

The girl looked into the living room at Niko, on the couch in just his boxers. His flaccid dick was close to coming out of the little opening, the middle button was barely holding on. From where she stood, she could kind of see the side of his face. Not enough for details, but enough to recognize him as young. He had strong muscles in his back, she felt her pussy tingle when he stretched and flexed them. Sophie found herself curious to the size of the member that had slowly started to fall out and ran into the kitchen, blushing. She smiled and Roxi, hoping her hostess hadn't seen the movement of her eyes.

"Niko," she called into the living room, apparently oblivious to Sophie's embarrassment. The man in the other room stood, almost instantly, and headed for the kitchen. When he stood, Sophie thought she was looking at a teenager. He was short, but well built, with an angular face and alert green eyes that hid behind black framed glasses. His muscles were defined, all 4 rows of them, and rippled with every step he took towards her. She admitted, he was goofy, but hot.

"Slianté," Roxi said softly, before shooting her rum back and shivering. The other two followed her example, and they smiled at each other. She turned to Sophie then, with a serious face.

"Would you like my boyfriend to eat you out before you leave? I taught him well. It's quite a treat. Of course, I might join him, if that's alright."

Sophie blinked. She was speechless, she didn't know what to do or say. She just nodded at the woman, who responded by taking her hand and leading her down the hall. The man named Niko followed, chuckling. In the bedroom, Roxi instructed her to undress and get comfortable on the bed, displaying openly whatever she wanted licked first. She asked about the lights, offering to shut them off or keep them on. Sophie's preference.

"On," she said quietly, secretly excited for their little game. Roxi nodded and left her. In the hallway, she fell to her knees immediately and opened her mouth. Niko responded appropriately. He let his boxers fall to the floor and put his semi hard cock in her mouth.

~*~

Sophie stripped quickly, propping herself up on her elbows with her ass in the air. She called out that she was ready and waited a few seconds before she heard the door open. Before she heard it shut, there was a tongue burying itself in her ass. She didn't know who's it was and she didn't care. All she knew was she was being penetrated repeatedly and wanted it to continue for as long as it could. Fingers entered her wet pussy, working their way in and out to build up more lubrication. She moaned into the pillow, pushing her bottom half as close to the source of such wonderful sensations as she could.

Suddenly, Roxi appeared in front of her with a strapon secured around her slim waist. It was a Niko's favorite, sanitized and clean, ready for a new adventure. She felt him moan into her ass and shook, opening her mouth for the fake dick in front of her. It was only there long enough to build up lubrication, then Roxi told Niko to trade her places.

Roxi ran her hands along the smooth skin of her new toy. So soft, so creamy, so innocent. She sat back on her knees and leaned closer.

"You're so beautiful, dear Sophie. Such a perfect display of the female form in front of me. Isn't it, baby?" she asked Niko, who's election was being tended to by the sensual Sophie. He nodded, eyes closed, while he ran his fingers through her hair. Roxi smiled and stuck her tongue out, lapping up dripping pussy juice. She placed her hands on the ass cheeks in front of her and pulled them apart gently. "Look at that little asshole, baby. I think it might even be tighter than yours was."

Niko laughed, removing a hand from Sophie's hair to finger is own ass. Roxi smiled and nodded her approval before going back to the pink slit in front of her. She ran her tongue from clit to asshole, poking it into the forbidden bud for only a second. Sophie moaned and shook, wiggling her bare ass, hoping for more. Roxi sat up and clicked her tongue in disapproval.

"Sorry, honey, I have my own itch that needs to be scratched. But you'll get your orgasm, don't you worry."

With that, she sat up and jammed the fake cock as far inside Sophie's wet pussy as she could manage. Without waiting for a reaction, she pulled it out and thrust it back in again. The girl moaned loudly around Niko's cock, who had grabbed their second dildo and slid it into his own ass. Roxi continued her assault until she felt Sophie's warm cum run down her thighs. Then she leaned forward and nibbled on the girl's ear.

"May I put my fake dick in your ass?"

Sophie nodded, making Roxi shiver. Pulling out, she aligned her strapon with the girl's tiny button. She didn't push, she just rubbed it, ringed it a few times, and teased it. She could feel the girl beneath her trembling in anticipation. It told her to go slower. She put herself back in Sophie's pussy one more time. This time, she moved slowly, drawing out her strokes. With each one, more fluid ran free.

Now thoroughly lubed, it slid easily into the girl's tight sphincter. Sophie continued to tremble, whimpers and moans vibrating Niko to the point of almost cumming. When she was all the way inside Sophie's ass, Roxi slapped each cheek, then both. She wiggled her hips a few times to be a tease.

"Please," Sophie whispered, holding Niko in her hand long enough for that. He buried himself back in her mouth, and Roxi went to town.

Starting slow, she fucked Sophie's ass with amazement. The way her tiny tiny hole adjusted for Roxi's 10" dick was hot. She watched it sliding in and out of smooth intestinal muscles and shook. The sight was erotic. Knowing that she had done the same thing to Niko the night before brought her close to cumming.

She fucked Sophie's ass for another few minutes before stopping and cleaning her toy off. Sophie rolled onto her back so Niko could take Roxi's place. The dildo from the strapon was cleaned and removed from its harness so he could insert it into her dripping pussy.

The dildo in place, he slowly slid his now throbbing cock inside her lubed ass. His dick pushed against the one in her pussy and they both moaned, their volume raising with every inch. When he was all the way in, Roxi positioned herself on top of Sophie's face and ordered the girl to start licking.

Sophie was a good little submissive. She eagerly pulled Roxi towards her and buried her face in wet pussy. Without further ado, Niko slid out and started furiously pounding the girl's recently used asshole. He leaned forward and grabbed her breasts, pumping himself into her as fast and hard and he could. Sophie pulled Roxi down farther and focused on her perfect ass, smothering herself with it. Her tongue made it's way into the tiny hole while fingers slid into Roxi's pussy to the knuckle. 

The girl rode her face while Niko pounded her ass. The moans echoing around the room and the multiple sensations running through her sent her to her climax before she could stop it. She came hard, cumming around the dildo, a puddle forming on the bed. She could feel Niko cumming with her, his thrusts getting jerkier. Finally, Roxi came on her face. They kept fucking each other until the orgasm passed and none of them could catch their breath. Roxi climbed off of her and smiled wickedly.

"Come back by anytime." She said with a wink.