 They had practiced routines all day. Then they jumped and screamed and kicked all during the first half of the basketball game. Then they performed a dance routine for half time. Then they finished up by jumping and screaming and cheering the boys to a really close victory. So, for the life of her, Sophie couldn't understand why none of the other cheerleaders wanted to shower after the game.

The guys had offered to let them use their locker room first since the women's locker room was still under construction. But even so, the girls of the cheer team simply grabbed up their bags and went home sweaty, stinking and musty. All but the slender, petite, pretty Sophie Cox. 

She watched from the corner as all the other girls simply retrieved their things from their lockers and went out in one big group chattering among each other. She had told them she was going to shower so they left her to herself. She shrugged and started getting undressed.

When the basketball team saw the flood of girls leave the locker room and exit the gym, they entered. "Hello? Anybody left in here? We're coming in!" a male voice boomed.

"Yeah- uh em," Sophie tried to clear her throat, "I'm still in here," her voice faltered, barely above a whisper. All the yelling she had done earlier strained her vocal cords. She hoped someone heard. 

Sophie listened to the boys' banter among each other get louder and louder, indicating they had not heard her and that they were all coming in. She had already stripped out her short skirt, shorts, top, bra and panties and gathered her various shower items into her little portable shower caddy. 

In the back corner of the locker room, she stood completely naked except for a pair of shower sandals as the room filled with the deep voices of young, fit, male athletes. Sophie couldn't bring herself to put her sweat-soaked uniform back on. And she wouldn't dare slip on a fresh pair of panties over her stinky ass and cunt. She absolutely needed to shower. And her weakened voice was too frail to yell over the noise of the raucous winning team.

Sophie weighed her options for a few minutes in utter trepidation. Naked and alone in a room with fifteen big, strong college guys could turn into a nightmare, so says the news. Or an erotic fantasy, whispered a passing thought. 

Suddenly, to fear was added a little mist of excitement that danced around in her tummy as she contemplated just waiting until they were all finished showering and dressing. It seemed like none of the guys had even chosen a locker in her back row. She should have just waited them out. But curiosity made her act...

Sophie tiptoed timidly over to the next isle of lockers, covering her hairless crotch with the shower caddy and holding the other arm across her diminutive breasts. Peaking around a row of lockers at a group of guys. 

Stunned to silence, Sophie just froze and appraised the sea of flesh on display to her. All of them topless. Some had wiped the sweat off their bodies with towels but some hadn't and their chests gleamed with rivulets of perspiration. A few were wearing towels around their waists and one was completely naked, Deon Brays, the starting point guard and Sophie's secret crush. 

His downward hanging, heavy-looking cock swung between his legs as he shoved the rest of his gear into his locker and began to stride toward the doe-eyed Sophie, who stood on the path to the shower room. 

"Oh, shit! It's a girl in here!" Deon announced, sounding startled and cradling his member loosely in one hand to shield it from Sophie's eyes - eyes that had been focused right on it.

"I'm sorry guys! I just- I didn't mean to- I-" Sophie waved her hand in front of herself as in denial, forgetting for a second to cover her breasts. Her skin flushed pink all over from embarrassment.

"We can all leave if you-" Deon started.

"No, no, no, its fine, really," her voice was low and hoarse as she spat in her nervous, over-accommodating way. "I'm just gonna pop in the shower and be out of your hair." Before any of the gawking guys could object, she disappeared past them and a few other isles speckled with staring men to the shower area.

Once she reached the showers, Sophie thought she was safe (at least for a few minutes) but there were two other guys showering already. "Sorryyy!" she apologized to the two wide-eyed men, then walked past them to the furthest shower in the wide open room. So stupid! Why didn't you just leave!? she berated herself.

She turned on the valve and hot water whooshed out from above her. She faced away from the other guys and she could almost block her predicament out her mind for a few minutes, hearing nothing but rushing water and feeling it cleanse her body. 

She tried to calm her nerves with soothing thoughts. 

A warm cappuccino.

The comfort of her dorm room bed.

Her puppy, Skittles, back home.

Deon's cock...

She opened her eyes quick and looked around suspiciously like someone could have heard her thought. One of the two guys had gone and the other payed her no attention. Gay, she thought and returned to washing herself.

Deon's big black cock. And his hard pecs and abs. And his long, hard cock... in my hand... in my mouth... in my pussy... in my ass 

Sophie began to feel a warm tingling radiate in her pussy and flow all over the inside of her. Almost automatically, her fingers began to rub and lightly pinch her nipples as she fantasized about Deon. Her candy pink nipples stood proudly from her small tits as she flicked and teased them. 

Sophie was jerked out of her fantasy by a jolt of fear when she felt a hand touch her arm. She recoiled and then turned, immediately relieved that it was Deon. "Hey, sorry... uh," he said and covered his groin, smiling graciously, "we were just wondering when you'd be done..., unless you don't mind if we shower with you," he said, glancing back at the group of mostly naked guys waiting patiently (or impatiently) for shower time.

"Oh, of course, go ahead," Sophie said, "wouldn't be fair if one person hogged the whole shower," she chuckled. 

Deon waved the guys in. "Thanks, I knew you'd be understanding. Guys got lives to get to, right?" he smiled.

"Right," Sophie agreed. She got another nervous, scary, excited feeling when she realized Deon wasn't moving to a shower stall of his own. She just nervously chuckled at him with a questioning look.

"Okay, I was thinking...," he began to explain his lingering presence beside Sophie, "so, it's like nine of us who need to shower real fast. And it's only like, eight showers..., so can me and Graves share this one with you?"

"Who?" she sounded a bit appalled. 

"Dajuan Graves. The two guard. 'Cause I was thinking it'll go a lot faster if we just shared this one. And you know how dudes be, not wanting to share a shower with another dude 'cause that's kinda..., y'know. So, with you between us you could be like a... um... like a-"

"Like a buffer," Sophie answered, sounding psyched about the idea but was really excited that she was able to help him find the perfect word. She was weird like that.

"Exactly..., a buffer," he said and waved Graves over. Dajuan Graves was a little skinnier and a little taller than Deon was, with lighter skin and an upper body just as muscular. 

It occurred to Sophie to compare cock sizes too, looking down to find Deon fully erect and almost unbelievably long, but thick enough not to hurt her she noted. Dajuan's cock wasn't fully aroused yet, but it grew fast as he fit himself beside her, sandwiching her between them. Once hard, she branded Dajuan's dick the second longest she had ever seen, Deon's being the first.

The three showered beside one another. Some of the other seven guys stealing glances, snickering and getting hard too. But others finished washing and exited the shower area, leaving a few spots. But neither Deon nor Dajuan ended their shower or opted for a free spout. And really, Sophie couldn't blame them, as she loved a long, uninterrupted shower too. 

Feeling uneasy, Sophie washed her lithe body with hungry eyes all over her exposed skin. She could almost feel the eyes on her, and it almost felt good. But when she washed her little pussy, she couldn't bare to raise her eyes to the guys she knew were ogling her.

She also peeked at the bodies of the two at her side, who seemed to be most concerned about the cleanliness of their dicks. But Sophie didn't mind because Deon's dick was such a treat to see wet and soapy and hard.

After a long while, only five remained, Sophie, Deon, Dajuan and two others. And they all were looking at her with apparent lust in their eyes. Oh god, Sophie thought quietly as she saw the men staring at her. Naked guys twice her size. Men who could take advantage of her and she'd be helpless. Hot guys, with big cocks and bigger muscles, who could hold her down and fuck her if they wanted to. 

And the looks. They peered at her like the last little baby gazelle in a lion's den. They seemed to stare into her, discerning her dirtiest secrets and filthiest fantasies. The fretful discomfort only kindled the fire rising between her legs.

"So..., uh, we never got your name," Deon said, now suddenly very close and facing the teenage girl. She slightly leaned back and was met by a solid brick wall..., named Dajuan. 

Startled, she stepped closer to Deon and his cock poked her tummy. The simple touch made her shiver, invisibly she hoped. "Oh, sorry," she said to Dajuan, looking at him over her shoulder. "Oops," she said when she bumped into Deon's cock.

"It's okay," he smiled pleased. "What's your name?"

"Sophia Cox..., or just Sophie," she said to Deon, then looked around to the rest who seemed to feel a part of the conversation.

"Well, you know me, Deon," he said with a cool confidence, "and our friend Dajuan here. That's Carlos Cardoza over there with the hair," he said pointing to a guy with shoulder length brownish hair. "And that's Ken Mason." The other two smiled and waved. Their dicks were also erect. 

"Hey guys, why don't you come say hi to Sophie." 

The other two came over to the shower stall, not bothering to cover their meat towers. 

"I should have known you already," Sophie said apologetically, as she shook each of their hands, "I mean, I knew your names but..., faces..." she trailed off, feeling a little silly.

"So, how did you like the game?" Deon asked, the four guys now surrounding her, she noticed, but Deon's handsome smile kept her anxiety level manageable. 

"I enjoyed it. You guys are really good," she conceded, looking from face to face.

"It was a tough win though, right fellas?" said Deon.

They all agreed, almost simultaneously but with different words. 

"And I know it's only one win, but it was a pretty big one. Something to celebrate..., don't you think, Sophie?" Deon asked.

"Yeah, definitely. You deserve a reward for all your hard work," she said.

"Well, I was thinking..., actually we were thinking..., our reward could be right in front of us..."

Sophie blushed pink and giggled, hugging herself around the breasts and extending one hand between her legs. "Are you talking about me?" she said with a shy, giddy tone.

"Yeah. A pretty little thing like you is more than fair compensation for a job well done, don't you think?"

Sophie struggled to stuff her smile back in her face as she stared at the floor, feeling more bashful, nervous and excited. "Noo, I'm not that pretty," she said modestly. "You guys should see Kendra naked. She's got the big boobs and the butt..., I'm just the tiny little thing they get to throw in the air..."

Dajuan squeezed one of Sophie's butt cheeks, causing her to yelp and bump right into Deon. "Feels like you got ass to me," he said, ignoring how she lurched away and followed with his hand squeezing her ass.

Deon's cock pointed straight up between them as he held her. Her arms were now wrapped around him, feeling just a bit safer with him. When Dajuan finished groping her ass she felt an inexplicable longing to have him, or someone, violate her again. "Oh, I don't know..., what do you think, Deon?" she asked.

He put both his hands on her ass and squeezed hard. She sharply sucked in air and held it, releasing when he had finished. "I give it a 'A' plus," he said. "What do y'all think?" he said to the other two and they both began to grope and squeeze and fondle her ass. Even Dajuan joined in, getting another feel of Sophie's tight ass. 

She squeezed Deon tight as the boys inspected her small rump. "See Sophie? You got my guys all over you. You a little sexy ass girl ain't you?"

"I... I don't know..." she replied smiling shyly as someone's fingers were sliding between her perky little pink cheeks. 

"You are! You a little sexy girl. Say it!" Deon said, looking into her eyes with that heart warming, cunt melting smile.

"I'm, I'm a little sexy girl." It felt good for her to say. Especially while she had the evidence of four men lusting over her at one time. She luxuriated in the dangerous, sexy feeling until she felt someone slip a finger up slightly inside her tight asshole.

"Hey!" she said, lurching forward away from the other three guys into Deon's embrace. 

"What happened?" Deon asked.

"One of... they... someone... somebody stuck their finger up my butt!" she accused.

"It hurt?" Deon asked, sounding concerned. 

"No, it was just a little but..."

"So what's wrong?" Deon said.

"I just felt..." Sophie felt it ridiculous to explain why she was upset someone stuck a finger up her butt. "Never mind, I just wasn't expecting that," she resigned. She rationalized that there was not much of a difference between ass and ass hole. And, if she was being honest, she liked the naughty feeling of a sexy stranger pushing her boundaries. 

"I'm sorry he scared you. He should have told you he wanted to finger your ass... but you know it was only because of how sexy you are. He couldn't resist, right...," Deon surveyed his guys.

"Yeah," Dajuan said. "Sorry I didn't tell you first," he said.

"It's okay," she said shyly, still looking down. She also noticed that her hand was pressed to Deon's hard chest. She began to rub it tentatively as she looked him up and down. The six chocolate stones set into the wall of his abdomen looked too enticing to pass up, so she got a good feel.

"You like?" Deon asked, flexing his impressive muscles as Sophie's little hands brushed up and down. Meanwhile, the three others crept back to her sides and began rubbing her back and hips, Dajuan resuming his exploration of her tight ass. They were no longer under the hot jet of water but they were still dripping wet.

"Yes," she breathed. Her head was spinning with lust with so many strong hands on her small body. 

"Do you think I'm sexy, Sophie?" Deon asked.

"Yes," she sighed again. Ken had slipped hands around to her abdomen while Carlos began rubbing her small thighs. She instinctively closed her legs, hoping the man wouldn't touch her pussy, but kind of hoping he would force her legs apart and do as he wished.

"Well we think you're sexy too," Deon said, his white smile shining brightly as he placed a hand on her left breast. "Sexy as fuck," he sighed as if frustrated. 

"Thank you, Deon," she said as the men molested her tiny body. Deon pinched and flicked a jutting nipple with his thumb as he squeezed the almost flat surface of her meager chest. Carlos caressed her thighs, forcing his hands in between them but not daring to fondle her young pussy. Dajuan played with her small ass, the cheeks he squeezed first, then went in between, then eventually his finger returned to the puckered mouth of her anus.

"Dajuaaaaan!" she whined as the man violated her anus. He was in only just past the ring finger's nail. Sophie's lips were pursed in a pout as she pressed her body to Deon's. 

"Sorry," Dajuan said, but did not remove his finger. He just kept working in and out her ass, going a bit deeper each time.

"You like how that feels, I can tell," Deon said, holding her chin up to look at him as he grazed Sophie's soft pink lips with his thumb. "You can tell us. We like how you feel."

"I..., I do like it," she said in a small voice of shame. As she spoke Deon's thumb went between her lips. She wanted to object, but her instinctive response to suck it was quicker than her mind.

"Good girl," Deon said as he slipped his thumb further into Sophie's wet mouth, prompting her to suckle. 

Sophie couldn't take all the sensations. All the guys, all strong and tall, hands all over her wet body. Their dicks all hard and big and pointing to her, telling her she's sexy. Dajuan's finger up her sensitive asshole. Deon's muscular chest pressed against her, his hand in between fondling her perky nipples and the thumb of his other hand she sucked. And Carlos, getting his hand closer and closer to her little wet slit. It was all so overwhelming, in such a horny way.

Sophie lunged forward with her mouth and swallowed more of Deon's thumb, sucking hard on it like a cock. At the same time, she reached down between them and took hold of his manhood. It was hot to touch and incredibly hard. The other hand she used to direct Carlos' hand upward to her pussylips. He gladly slid back and forth against it, causing Sophie to whine on Deon's finger.

"Oh, you're a dirty girl aren't you," Deon said. 

Sophie nodded earnestly with the finger still in her mouth, writhing from all the powerful hands all over her slender body. "Say it!" Deon demanded.

"I'm a dirty girl!" she tried to shout but with her ragged vocal cords it came out raspy and whiny. The confession sent an electrifying chill up her spine. I'm a little slut, she teased herself again, finding it exhilarating to admit to herself.

Deon kissed her, probing her horny mouth with his hot tongue. She could barely savor the rough kiss before he was shoving her face to her left. To Carlos who took her by the jaw in his large hand and licked her mouth. She eagerly accommodated, sucking his tongue into her mouth. And then she was whipped around 180 degrees to Ken who shoved three fingers into her mouth and kissed her through them. She expected to kiss Dajuan next but she was turned back to Deon and they kissed deeply, her mouth filled with his tongue, and with her low pitched moans of pleasure.

As Sophie kissed her crush, she felt Dajuan's finger exit her asshole. Put it back! she felt like shouting. But that was until it was replaced with something hotter, something squishy and wet. The man had tongue kissed her butt hole.

One man's tongue trying to force open her tiny rim hole, another's hand slipping and sliding through her wet pink slit, random hands on her tits, ass, hips and tummy. All by four big strong, sexy men. Sophie was in a wanton heaven.

"I'm such a dirty little slut," she whispered encouragement to herself, only made hornier by the fact she knew the four men heard her. They knew she was a slut too. They knew before she did and they were proving it to her.

"You're our trophy slut," Deon said.

"I'm your trophy slut," she repeated as she turned to kiss Carlos with the wild tongue. She boldly grabbed hold of his uncircumcised cock and began to jerk back and forth, exposing his dark pink head. Deon snaked his face between the two and took a nipple into his mouth, sucking hard. She squeezed Deon's and Carlos' cocks and masturbated them both as Dajuan rimmed her asshole.

Some may feel like she was being degraded by the four men, but Sophie felt like she was being worshiped as a goddess. Either way though, it was pure bliss. 

"Use me!" she whined as Ken slipped one finger up Sophie's wet twat, causing her to jerk in surprise and then moan as she went back to kissing Deon, stroking the two cocks. The one digit was super snug in her little pussy hole but the man added a second finger and packed her tight cunt to capacity. Sophie wondered how she was going to take their big cocks. But she knew she would somehow. 
