 It started off as an innocent conversation about things we find sexy. How it ended up is epic.

Sophie and I were lying in bed after sex one night, talking about all the things we'd done and all the things we'd like to do when it dawned on me that I had never "taken advantage" of a drunken woman before.

"So, you know how you always hear about girls that go to parties and get too drunk and wake up in the morning and can't remember what happened? But it was obvious that they had had sex?" I asked Sophie.

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Well, I've never done that. Taken advantage of an unconscious woman before. Has that ever happened to you?"

"No, not really. A guy tried to take advantage of me when I was drunk once, but I managed to fend him off. Might have gone differently if I'd have passed out. Why? Do you think that's sexy?"

Thinking a moment, I realized that I did. "Yeah, I think it would be hot to get you passed out drunk and then take advantage of your being unconscious. Just use you and play with you and do whatever I wanted."

"Wow! That's kinda hot! I'd do that! What kinds of things would you do to me?"

"Hmmm, I think I'd strip you down and spread your legs so I could look and touch and taste your pussy. Then I'd fuck you really hard and maybe even fuck your tight ass."

I could see that the thought was getting to her as she pinched a nipple and pushed a hand between her legs. "Ok, let's do that this weekend!"

Thinking about it for a second, I formulated a plan. "Hmmm, I have a better idea. Let's kill two birds with one stone."

Frowning, she asked, "What do you mean?"

"Well, remember how you liked it last year when I got those two guys to help me fuck you?"

"O God yes! That was awesome!"

"Well, what if you were to pass out and be taken advantage of by more than just me? What if you were used by a few of us?"

A look of desire and fear crossed her face. "Do you think that would be safe?" Having me incapacitated with other men there?"

"Sure," I replied, "I'd be there and I'd hand pick the guys and tell them the score. It wouldn't be any different than a gang bang. We'd start out slow and work you up to being passed out, so you'd have fun all night. Then after you were out, we'd have OUR fun with you! Whadda say?"

I was nervous as I looked at her thinking about the possibilities. I suddenly wanted to do this in the worst way!

"Ok, let's go for it!" That's my girl!

During the next week, I sent some emails on a few guys on Adult Friend Finder. We had done a lot with other men and couples, so I was familiar and confidant in quickly finding the right guys. Sure enough, buy Friday, I had chosen two men, Darren and Bryce . The first was a 35 year old 6' good looking blonde who's stats said he had a nice sized cock. Bryce was 38, 5' 11" and had a longer, thinner cock than Darren. Both were nice and more than willing to help out. We made plans for the following night to meet up at a bar in Rapid City to have some fun.

"Well, how do I look?" Sophie came out of the bathroom of our room at our favorite hotel. She looked like sex on wheels in a tight lacey top and a short flirty skirt. Her long legs bare and her feet in sexy shot heels.

"Wow, you look great! Maybe we'll stay here and I'll have you all to myself tonight."

"Oh no you don't. You got me all worked up this week, teasing me and giving me hints about the things you guys are going to do to me. You'll get your turn, don't worry."

I kissed her and ran my hands up her thigh under her skirt to find to my pleasant surprise, that she didn't have any panties one. "I figured that they would just get in the way." She said.

Arriving at the bar a bit early, we sat down at a booth and ordered Sophie a drink. I was sticking to soda tonight to keep things safe. Sophie looked around nervously until Darren and Bryce both walked in almost at the same time. I caught their eye and motioned them over. Introductions all around and they sat down. Sophie was quiet and shy and I began to worry. I didn't need to.

After a short time, we all started to get comfortable. Sophie became chipper and sexy and excited, flirting with us guys, but paying most of her attention to the newcomers. She knew that I'd rather watch and enjoy the show at this stage, checking in with me from time to time to gauge how hot it was making me.

She was sitting in the booth with Darren on one side and Bryce on the other. It was obvious to me that Sophie was warming up to them, by the way she would giggle and flirt and touch them. First on the arms, leaning in to listen to something...then moving her hands to touch their legs. It wasn't long before her hands strayed to their groins, checking out the already hard bulges through their pants.

The evening went on like that with Sophie drinking a little and getting hornier. She would take turns going out to dance with Darren or Bryce, leaving the other to talk to me about how hot she was and repeatedly thank me for letting them be a part of the night. The later it got, the closer and more daring things got on the dance floor. She would grind on their legs and let them feel her ass and cup her breasts when no one else was looking. Between dances, she was getting bolder at the table. Luckily we were in a darker corner and no one much was paying attention.

I could tell that the guys were running their hands up her bare thighs and under her short skirt. It only takes a brief touch to make her cum when she's this turned on and I counted at least 4 orgasms from one of them touching her wet pussy while she stole kisses from the other.

I figured that it was time to go back to the hotel before we got thrown out for causing a scene, so I suggested that we take things back to our room. We had met at our favorite bar, which was across town from our hotel, so I suggested we all ride together and the guys could catch a ride back for their cars later. Everyone thought that was a great idea, so we all rose and headed out. Sophie had had a bit to drink, but she was far from drunk yet. Regardless, I suspect that she leaned on the guys a bit more than she needed as we walked her to the car. At the car, she leaned against my chest and grabbed my cock through my jeans, whispering in my ear, "Well, I can see that this is making you hot, are you sure that you want to go through with this? Now's your chance to call it a night."

Slipping my hand up under her skirt and fingering her bare soaking wet pussy I told her, "Not on your life, sweetheart. We're going to use you like a whore all night." With a gasp from both my words and fingering, she closed her eyes. I quickly withdrew my fingers from her sopping sex and unlocked the car doors. Sophie opened the rear door and motioned for Darren to come to her and she grabbed him by the ass, planted a deep kiss on his mouth as she rubbed his bulge. Stepping back a half step, she said, "My, this looks like it is uncomfortable. Let's fix that." Bending at the waist she treated us all with a great view as she and unzipped his pants, reaching in and fishing his throbbing hard cock out. Fisting it for a second with a dreamy smile on her face, she leaned down and gave his cock a slow lick before standing up and motioning Darren to get in. 

"Scoot over," she said, "we're all riding in the back."

Turning to Bryce, she repeated the ritual, licking a drop of pre cum off of his cock before turning and getting into the car, pulling Bryce behind her. Once we were all in, I adjusted the rear view mirror so that I could somewhat watch the scene in the back as I drove us across town. I could tell that the guys had their hands all over her, under her skirt and under her shirt. She leaned forward and pulled her shirt off, reaching back and unstrapping her bra so that they could get a better feel. She settled back and I could tell that she had a cock in each hand as she kissed one and then the other man that was groping her body.

After a few minutes, she turned on the seat and put her head down in Darren's lap, obviously taking his cock in her mouth. I know how good she sucks cock and I could just imagine how it felt as she wasted no time swallowing Darren's entire shaft. This position of course, put her just right for Bryce to flip her skirt up and play with her ass and wet pussy. She moaned around Darren's shaft as she bobbed her head up and down. With an audible pop, she pulled her lips off of him and sat up.

"Ok, boys, I want you both to cum for me right now, so we can relax and enjoy the night." With that, she dived back down and redoubled her efforts. It only took a minute or two of her deep throat technique to send him over the edge. He groaned and threw his head back pumping his cum into her hungry mouth. I knew from experience that she wouldn't waste a drop, as she sucked him dry. After a bit, she sat up, wiping her cheek and turning to face me in the mirror, she opened her mouth to show me the pool of cum there before swallowing it all and licking her lips.

About that time, we arrived at the hotel parking garage and I shut off the car. You could almost feel the frustration from Bryce as he sat there waiting for his turn. Smiling at him, she said, "Don't worry hon, I'll take care of you too. Let's go."

While she slipped her shirt back over her head, leaving her bra somewhere in the car, the guys put their cocks away, Bryce with some difficulty. We all got out and adjusted our clothes. Taking Bryce by the hand, Sophie led him to the parking garage elevator. Waiting for the car to come, she reached behind her and flipped her skirt up over her bare ass and backed it into Bryce's groin. She grabbed his hips and ground herself against him until the doors opened. As she stepped into the elevator, I noticed a wet spot on his jeans from one or both of them.

When we had all gotten in, Sophie pushed Bryce against a wall and said, "Don't hit the button yet." Dropping to her knees, she stared into his eyes as she fished his throbbing cock out again. With a smile, she took it and licked it from top to bottom, sucking on the tip each time. Wasting no more time, she quickly got him wet and took his entire length into her mouth, gagging a little at the end. She then got to work! Sucking and pumping and moaning, all the while staring into his eyes. We could see the wet flesh disappear between her lips and hear the slurp of her sucking mouth on him. Grabbing his ass, she encouraged him to fuck her mouth deeper as she strove to suck the cum out of his cock. As she rocked back and forth on her knees, we could see little glimpses of her ass and just a hint of wet pussy. I noticed that her ankles were wet from where her pussy had momentarily rested against them and coated them with her running juices.

Faster and faster she fucked Bryce with her mouth, sucking and moaning. I could tell that she was close to cumming herself. With a gasp, Bryce grabbed her head and thrust his cock deep into her mouth and proceeded to pump shot after shot of cum down her throat. I could see her struggling to keep up with it as she swallowed instinctively. As he finally slowed down and let go of her head, Sophie slowly moved her mouth back and forth, milking him dry. With a pop, she let him fall from between her lips and licked a stray drop of cum from her chin.

We helped her up just as the doors opened and a family of 4 shuffled in, arguing about who was going to sleep where. Sophie wound up in a corner with the handsome dad. While his wife argued with the kids, Sophie smiled sexily at the husband and scooped a stray drop of cum into her mouth with a manicured finger. Luckily, the car stopped at their floor and they all got out without a break in mom's tirade. Dad, kept stealing glances at Sophie, who continued to hold his eye till the doors closed again.

The walk down the hall to our room was long. You could feel the tension in the air. Sophie strode ahead of us raising her skirt up over her hips so that we could watch her naked flesh wiggle. At the door, she stooped and kicked off her shoes, bending down to give us a good glimpse of her naked wet pussy as a trickle of her juices slowly ran down the inside of her right thigh. Unzipping her short skirt, she let it pool at her feet right there in the hall and stepped out of it just as I got the door open.

Once inside, Sophie excused herself while I poured drinks for the guys. She reemerged from the bathroom with a tight knit top that barely covered her pussy...and nothing else. Crawling up on the bed, she stretched out and slid her hand between her legs, slowly playing with her pussy. "Ok boys, I'm feeling a bit over dressed here. I think it's time you all shed your clothes!" 

Bryce and Darren wasted no time getting naked. The walk down the hall and seeing Sophie playing with herself had a rejuvenating effect on them. I noticed that both of their cocks were already hard again.

"Alright," I said, "here are the rules. For the next hour, Sophie gets to have anything she wants from any of us. However...each time she cums, she has to take a shot!" I held up a bottle of her favorite cinnamon whiskey. "To start things off, I say she has one now!" I poured a healthy slug into a glass and handed it to her, watching her drink it off. I know it won't be long and she'd be drunk. "We go until she finishes the bottle, or until she passes out. After that, it's our turn to take over."

The guys grinned at each other, thinking of what they each planned to do. "Honey, what do you want first?"

With a sexy smile, Sophie rolled onto her back. "First, I want someone to eat my pussy! Then I want to be done doggy style wile I suck a cock. You can all take turns. Since you came once in my mouth already, I want you to all to fill my pussy with cum this time and let me lick you clean of my juices and your combined cum! THEN...I want you to use the slippery cum to take turns fucking my tight ass and pussy. I want to be double...no, triple fucked! One in my pussy, one in my ass, and one in my mouth!" While saying all this, she demonstrated by touching and caressing herself.

Bryce quickly dove between her legs and locked his mouth on her soaked pussy, getting a yelp and a load moan from her. I grabbed her hands, extended them above her head and straddled them. This put me at the perfect place to lean forward and slip my cock between her lips. As I slowly fucked in and out of her mouth, I could see her struggling to not cum. But Bryce was obviously good at this job and Daren had pulled her top off and had latched onto a nipple with his mouth. She quickly stiffened up groaned through an orgasm. When she came, I forced my entire length in her mouth and down her sucking throat...a trick that I had learned long ago to make her cum harder. As she relaxed, I pulled out and handed her the drink that Darren had ready. It looked to be a bit more than a shot, but I didn't say anything and she downed it in one long gulp.

We then switched places and Darren tried out his oral skills while Bryce kneeled at her head and feed his cock into her mouth. It took no more than two minutes and she was cumming again! Darren continued to pump in and out of her mouth until I handed her the glass of whiskey. Again she downed it. I could see her starting to get clumsy, so I encouraged the guys to speed things up. Rolling her over onto her knees, I rammed my cock into her sopping pussy while the guys knelt at her head and enjoyed being sucked off back and forth. If she took too long with one, the other would grab her hair and force her mouth down on his cock. She came again! And we switched places, forcing a drink down her now well fucked throat. Again and again, we took turns fucking her slutty mouth and her wet pussy. It never took more than a minute or two to make her cum and force her to take another drink. She began to struggle and act like a reluctant prom date and we got rougher and more insistent. I knew it was all part of her fantasy.

After we had all taken our turn at her pussy, I directed Darren to lie down on his back. Grabbing her roughly, Bryce and I positioned her on top of Darren and forcer her down on his cock. He grabbed her breasts and started pumping into her from underneath. This seemed to revive her a bit and she started bouncing up and down on his thick cock. Looking over her shoulder at us, she growled, "well, what are you waiting for? I need a cock in my ass and another in my mouth!" 

With a nod, I indicated that Bryce should mount her tight ass with his long cock. Smearing the slippery juices that already coated her lower half around, he slipped a finger into her ass and began to slowly move it in and out. Of course she immediately came. Standing ready, I put the bottle to her lips and forced a long drink into her. The bottle was almost gone and I knew she would be passed out soon. About then she squealed and I looked down to see that Bryce had slipped a second finger in her ass and start rotating them around. He did this for maybe ten seconds and then moved up to straddle Darrens thighs. Everyone stopped moving as he placed the slick head of his cock against Sophie's ass and start to slowly work it into her. With a shudder and squeal, Sophie came again and I gave her the last of the whiskey. 

The two men soon found a rhythm. Sometimes they would fuck in at the same time, sometimes they would alternate. Faster and faster they moved, pistoning in and out of her. I stood up on the bed and moved to her face. Grabbing her hair and pulling her head back, she looked up at me and smiled, her eyes slightly unfocused. Opening her mouth she leaned forward and engulfed my cock. I met the two others stroke for stroke as I rudely fucked her mouth. She was cumming almost constantly now and I could tell the guys weren't far behind. 

About then, Bryce gave into her tight clenching ass and thrusting all the way to his heavy balls, he held himself in her ass as he pumped a ton of hot cum inside her. This was all it took to trigger Darren, who grabbed her around the waste and thrust up into her, filling her pussy with cum! I was only a few seconds behind him as I pulled my cock out and ordered her to stick out her tongue. She complied and I squirted load after load of my cum into her mouth and across her lips.

Slowly, she stopped moaning and cumming and we rolled her over on her back. Both Darren and Bryce's cocks popped out of her with an audible sound. Bryce stumbled into the bathroom to wash off, while Darren moved to Sophie's head and guided his cock into her mouth ordering her to suck and lick the cum off of him, which she did...barley before flopping back down and going still.

"Well, I think we did it. I think she's finally out." I said to Darren.

"Yep, I think you're right! Man, what a great fuck! You are the luckiest man alive!"

I chuckled, "Darren, you haven't seen anything yet."

"Well boys, what's next?" The three of us stood at the foot of the bed looking at Sophie. She was obviously passed out and well fucked. We had rolled her over and spread her legs wide so we could watch fascinated as about a quart of cum trickled out of her well fucked ass and pussy, puddling on the bed.

"I for one need a break." Darren said and Bryce nodded agreement.

"Maybe it's time to make the calls." Both men went to find their phones and soon I could hear them talking on them. I did the same and then sat down on a chair to wait. Shortly, there was a knock at the door and I went to answer it, not bothering to cover up. 

Opening the door, I saw several men standing there with a number of others walking down the hall. "Come on in boys, you're at the right place!" Stepping aside, the newcomers filed into the room, each greeting either Darren, Bryce or I. You could hear gasps and exclamations form the new guests as they spotted Sophie lying on the bed oozing cum. "Holy shit Bryce!" one of them said, "You weren't kidding! I thought you were full of shit!"
