 The girls have me in a leash and force me onto my hands and legs. One of the girls takes the leash and starts walking me across the room. A petite girl sits on top of me, facing my ass, and rides me like a horse. She starts grabbing and rubbing my ass a bit. At first, I'm able to keep my focus, but then I feel her slide a small plug into my ass. I lightly gasp and pause. The girl instantly smacks my ass, hard, and says, "Keep moving, slut." I continue to crawl across the floor, when the girl pushes the plug in deeper. She then pushes a button, and the plug starts vibrating in my ass. Tiny moans start to escape from my mouth as I struggle to focus and keep crawling.

We soon stop, and the plug is turned off. I sigh with relief, but it doesn't last long. The girl with the leash pulls on it to sit me up. 5 shots were set before me. Another girl comes up with a long jelly dildo. The head sister says, "You can either down all 5 shots now, or deep throat the jelly." I instantly start downing shots, and they all laugh. They then pick me up and sit me down on the table. The pull me across so my head is hanging over the edge. The girl with the jelly comes up to me. "Let's see what you can do anyway." My eyes widen as she brings the jelly to my lips.

Before I know it, a few of the girls pull on my arms, and cuff my hands to the legs of the table. I try to struggle, but the girl slaps me across the face with the jelly. So, I comply and open my mouth. She sticks it in, a little bit at a time, motioning it in and out of my mouth. One of the girls grabs my dick; she has a sounding device. She takes a small, metallic looking rod, no thicker than a sewing pin, and starts to lube the head of my penis. In goes the rod, slowly pushed into my urethra. I groan at the unfamiliar feeling. The girls bend my legs and tie them to the legs of the table as well. They then turn the butt plug back on and touch the sounding device. Both, the plug and the device start to vibrate. I writhe in pleasure as the girl with the jelly starts to stick more and more into my mouth.

The pleasure starts to become so intense, with my dick and ass vibrating. The girls around me play with the plug, lick and suck on my balls, and grab my nipples. I completely give in, and the girl with the jelly knows it. She starts sticking the jelly dong deeper in my mouth and into my throat. I start deep throating the jelly for all to see. It's only about 6", but it's all in. The girl pulls the jelly out and says, "Okay girls, I think he's warmed up. Let's take him to the Mistress." They uncuff me from the table and walk me around. I'm blindfolded before I know where I'm going. I hear the opening of a door and feel a slight breeze. I'm being taken outside.

I'm led onto the front lawn. The girls help me up and place me into some sort of contraption. When they take off my blindfold, I see that I'm set up in stocks, with my hands, feet, and head immobilized. The entire party is outside to watch me get dominated by their Mistress. The head sister comes up to me, decked out in latex and fishnets. She grabs me by the mouth, and forces it open. She makes out with me, sticking her tongue in my mouth, and slips me something. She keeps my mouth closed and forces me to swallow. "You just had a small hit of ecstasy. Don't worry, you'll be fine." She then walks around to my back, and starts to rub my ass.

"I see they've already got the plug and sound rod in you. Good." She lightly touches my ass with something that feels like leather, but feathery. Something hard smacks across my ass three times. I've been cropped, and I try to keep the pain in.

The Mistress doesn't like this, so she continues to spank me until I plead, ""Mercy!" The Mistress smiles and kisses my ass.

"Girls, come here and make our new slave feel a little better before the ecstasy kicks in." A couple of the sorority girls come over.

While still in the stocks, I start to get a massage. My ass, shoulders, back, hips, arms, and legs are rubbed with just enough pressure to soothe me. I start to relax a bit. The girls take the plug out of my ass, and one starts to finger me, rubbing my prostate. I start to moan lightly as they continue to rub me all over. Then, one girl starts licking my balls, and pushes on my taint. The sound rod keeps me from getting an erection, but I can feel the pressure from my prostate starting to build. They tease and deny me, switching between a massage and foreplay. I suddenly start to feel odd as my body temperature rises. The Mistress comes over to me with a bottle of water. She pours some in my mouth and then on my head. "The ecstasy should be kicking in now."

The Mistress goes back around me and tells the girls to have their way with me for now. Before I can say anything, a long dildo is inserted into my ass. My voice gets caught in my throat as I gasp. A girl starts to move the dildo in and out of me, pegging my ass. Another is sucking on my balls, and another strokes my dick, teasing my inability to obtain an erection. The girl with the dildo presses a button, and the entire dildo starts to vibrate. They turn the sounding rod back on as well. I begin moaning with pleasure, feeling the vibrations run from my prostate to the tip of my dick.

I'm drooling, in a daze of pleasure. I just take the toy and the teasing like a slut. With the ecstasy in my system, everything feels so intense. So amazing. I beg. "Please, please. I can't take it—the sounding rod. It's too much pressure." The girls look at the Mistress for the okay, and then slowly remove the sounding rod. As they do this, they increase the vibrations of the dildo, and fuck me harder with it. As the sounding rod comes out, I moan loudly and begin squirting. They fuck me harder, deeper, forcing me to squirt more until I'm just dripping juices. The girls then pull away from me, all except one that's sucking my dick, getting me as hard as possible.

The Mistress comes up behind me and pats me on the ass. She puts some lube on her fingers and inserts two into my ass. She rubs my prostate and curls her fingers around it. I start to moan at the sensitivity of my prostate. She inserts another finger and starts to finger me. I can barely speak, as the girl below me continues to suck on my dick. I get rock hard, and the girl licks my dick up and down, sucking on the head harder, bobbing her head faster. My dick engorges, and the Mistress says, "That's enough. I want him to save it." The girl stops, and the Mistress places a cock ring on me. "Let's keep this nice and firm for a while."

She goes back around to my ass. She presses something against my hole. Lubed and opened up, it doesn't take much for her to enter my ass. I moan at the feeling of her dildo. She presses a button, and I can feel slight vibrations. She goes in deeper, and both I and the Mistress start moaning. She immediately begins to fuck me fast, not even waiting to build up to it. I can feel the dildo going deep inside me, and I begin to whimper with pleasure. I've been used and abused all day and night. My ass and dick are so sensitive, I feel like at any moment I'm going to explode.

The Mistress moans. "I'm cumming." I feel her hips shake, and something warm enters my ass. Surprised, I freeze up. The Mistress pulls out, and comes around to my front. I realize that the Mistress actually has a dick, and it's dripping cum. She smiles and playfully slaps my dick. I'm so shocked, and yet so hard, I instantly cum as well. The Mistress gets down on her knees and licks and sucks my dick clean. I embarrassingly moan, not knowing that a real dick was inside me. The Mistress gets up, and suddenly the stocks move. I'm brought face level with her dick. She says, "Clean me off, or I'll leave you here all night." Reluctantly, I suck her dick clean. She then goes around me, and unlocks the stocks. She grabs me by my leash and pulls me back inside.