 His wife's sorority sisters had come in for a business trip, stopping by for a "pleasure fix" and reliving old times together. Chris had often joked with Lacy about partying and `taking care' of her sisters. Not that he wasn't desirable, at six foot three, about 210, and in fair shape for a man in his forties. Dark brown hair, and a deep "radio voice" that was instrumental in melting a girl's heart.

The girls stormed the spacious house, taking a spare room for the three of them, luggage piled on the floor, the first destination was the bubbling hot tub out on the patio. Not bothering with swimsuits, they cascaded into the warm water in panties and bras. Laughing and splashing away, carrying on like they were twenty years younger. Lacy was sitting nearby watching, when Chris came out to investigate the noise.

He thought he had died and gone to heaven! Three semi-naked women cavorting in his hot tub, his beautiful wife being somewhat a voyeur, and three days off from work. His shorts gave away his immediate interest, as the front was tenting out from his erecting penis. He looked at Lacy, and she just smiled when she saw his `predicament'. 

"You really ought to do something with that." She giggled, looking in the direction of the tub.

"You think they'd mind if I joined them?" He asked.

"They were a pretty wild bunch in school, I don't know if you could handle them." She teased.

Chris took the challenge, and stripped off his T-shirt. His muscular chest puffed a bit more than usual as he strode to the edge of the tub. The girls moderated their play when the saw him standing there. Michele, the blonde, bid him enter, moving aside to make a place between her and Carrie. Carrie was a thin girl with long trim legs. Her breasts were barely an "A" cup, with large thick nipples. She had been the first to remove her bra, followed by Jane, the `cheerleader' of the bunch. 

Lacy watched as her husband settled in between the two girls. Jane was directly across from Chris and wasted no time in displaying her C-cup charms to him. Her long black hair was plastered to her chest and shoulders, framing her face and breasts. Chris smiled as Jane cupped her soft mounds and held them up for `inspection'. While this was going on, Michele had slipped off her panties and moved up against Chris' thigh.

Her slender fingers pulled his thigh tight to hers, and continued to search for his hidden sex. She found the growing bulge easily, under the light fabric of his shorts. Chris felt her cool hand encircle his hot flesh and closed his eyes and moaned softly. Carrie was busy removing his shorts and was similarly unclothed by Jane. Chris gasped as Carrie's mouth met Michele's fingers at the swollen crown of his penis.

His sounds were muffled by Jane's mouth covering his. Her tongue filled his mouth, and he likewise began exploring hers. His hands were not idle, either. The bountiful girl flesh around him made for a tactile challenge, trying to feel each of the girls equally. He settled for the open thighs of his kissing partner, discovering her mound was completely hairless, open, and wet with arousal. His thick guitar player's fingers filled the slick opening, causing Jane to moan into his mouth and hunch her hips onto his hand.

Michele and Carrie had ganged up on his erection, each supporting a thigh, floating his body to the surface. They slurped and kissed on his penis, occasionally kissing each other at the side or tip when their mouths were close. Involuntary spasms lurched through Chris, and he was shooting his seed before he could stop their efforts. The first burst flew high in the air, but Michele managed to catch the rest of his cum by devouring the pulsing crown and sucking his essence into her throat.

Carrie missed out on the salty fluid from the source, but spied the puddle of cum that landed on Jane's back. She greedily licked her friend's body of the precious liquid, savoring the taste of her friend's husband. Lacy didn't see the actual cum, as she was getting their camera to record the sexual frenzy that was inevitable. She did manage a shot of Michele licking her lips, taking in the remainder of Chris' cum, and Jane getting `washed' by Carrie.

Carrie resumed licking Chris, making sure his erection had no chance of receding. Firm still, she pushed his body down into the water and floated herself over him. Her thick pubic hair hid her treasure from view, but didn't impede the entrance of Chris' short, thick penis. She took him into her quivering vagina and wrapped her legs under him to keep him tight. Her eyes glazed as she filled herself with throbbing cock. Chris groaned as he was engulfed by her tight hole. His hands left Jane's body and grabbed Carrie by the waist. He rocked her back and forth, rubbing her clitoris on his pubic bone.

Carrie began a slow moaning chant as her body warmed up to the penetration and clitoral stimulation. It increased in pitch to a sustained wail as the contractions took over her body. In moments, she was crying out her release. The first of the girls to reach orgasm, she bucked and squirmed, churning the water to a foamy froth. So much so, that she dislodged herself and fell aside in the tub.

Michele immediately took her place straddling Chris and using her fingers to insert the still erect member into her hungry vagina. She was so hot that she didn't wait, and began to ride Chris like a cowgirl in a barrel race. Humping and rocking, she brought herself to climax in a matter of seconds. Like a good cowgirl, she held on and finished her ride without losing her place.

"Do me, now!" Jane cried as she leaned over the side and presented her dripping vulva in `doggie' fashion.

Chris looked over at Lacy. She was grinning from ear to ear, snapping pictures at every opportunity. She continued to photograph her "stud horse" as he rose from the water and began to service the third `filly'. On his knees in the tub, the thrusting splashed large amounts of water everywhere. Jane screamed and moaned as Chris pounded her from behind. 

He looked down at her thin butt slapping his belly with each driving push. Her groaning and squeezing had him near another release of his own. Her moaning lost volume, and Chris looked up to see her mouth being filled by Carrie, wearing a strap-on!

That did it for him, he lost his control and filled Jane with a load of cum. He jerked and trembled, driving as far into her as he could. Jane reached between her legs and frigged herself to a cum while sucking Carrie's `penis'. The girls started laughing as Carrie strutted around, stroking her cock like a stud in a show. She grabbed Lacy and pulled her into the living room. Jane followed, and left Michele with Chris.

Chris studied Michele's naked body as she sat up on the edge of the tub. Her long blonde hair framed a square face with wide eyes and a small mouth. Her neck was tapered to her shoulders and toned arms and shoulders. Her workout regimen paid off, keeping her looking fit and younger than her forty-plus years. Firm breasts with small erect nipples stared back at Chris. Her slim belly had a slight bulge above her lightly furred mound. She was a real blonde, the patch of fur around her vulva was almost white, it was so pale.

Michele slipped closer to Chris and wrapped a small hand around his flaccid penis. Her gentle stroking felt good to Chris after the frantic pounding he had just given the other girls. He looked around to find his wife, but confirmed the room to be empty other than Michele and himself. He bent to kiss Michele, their lips meeting softly, tongues extending automatically to enter each other's mouth. Kissing hot and lightly touching flesh brought life back to Chris' penis. It firmed up in Michele's hand, and she broke her mouth free to engulf the rigid flesh.

Chris moaned softly as Michele coated his penis with her saliva and took it deep into her mouth and throat. She was no match for the talented mouth Lacy had, but felt very good as she soothed his red shaft with her tongue. Chris had managed to impale Michele's kitty with two fingers as she bent to service his cock. Mewling sounds issued from her throat as Chris gently thrust into her.

"Fuck me." She whispered between gulps.

Chris moved to take her where she was, but she had other ideas. She clasped his penis tightly and led him from the tub to the guest bedroom. She plowed the luggage off the top of her bed and fell back. She spread her legs wide, holding her knees apart. Chris stared at the full thick labia, swollen and red, dripping nectar, almost winking at him. He could see her kitty pulsing, calling him to fill her. He knelt between her thighs. Michele took his erection and placed it near her hole.

"Fuck me." She said flatly. Not a request, not an order, simply an announcement of what she wanted to happen.

Chris dropped his weight and plunged into her hot, wet, velvet tunnel. He felt the ripples of her vaginal walls engulf his throbbing cock. He felt her belly slap his as he reached the base of his penis in one movement. Michele thrust her hips upwards to meet him and grunted sharply as she felt the base of him on her clitoris.

"Yes. That's it. Now fuck me slow." She told him.

Chris began the lover's dance to a slow steady beat in his head. Michele found the pattern and joined his long thrusts with rolling hips and pushing thighs. She expected a good long fuck as she knew he had cum at least twice recently. Not after a quick fill this time, she was able to savor the feeling of manly motion into her belly.

Chris wondered if she wanted him to cum in her. He was reluctant to admit he might not be able to issue another secretion for her. It was a few slow moments into their coupling that he snapped to the fact that she didn't want a cum, she wanted fucking. He relaxed and felt the pressure of her tight kitty grasping him as he thrust and pulled. 

They must have fucked like that for half an hour or more. Neither one took note of the time, merely enjoyed the feelings of each other's sex. They felt, rather than heard, movement behind them. The other girls had returned from the living room to find them missing from the hot tub. 

The other girls found them locked in their passionate embrace, moaning softly, their bodies rocking together slowly. Carrie moved in front of them and began fingering her wet vulva. Chris looked up, as did Michele. A startled look dissipated when he saw the slow moving fingers exploring her inner depths. He felt someone near his back, and jumped when a soft tongue slid across his anus.

He moaned softly as the tongue probed deeper into the tight puckered opening. Carrie lowered her wet slit to fill the space between Chris and Michele. Her anus was resting near Michele's mouth, and her aromatic kitty was thrust right into Chris' face. He started licking her wet slit, still moaning at the anal attention he was receiving. He gasped as the tongue left, and was replaced by something hard and smooth.

"What the....?" He tried to look around, but Carrie held his face tightly on her quivering clitoris. He could only guess at the intrusion at his back door. Pressure gave way to sharp pain as the slick shaft entered his anus. He cried out, but it was muffled in Carrie's crotch. He involuntarily pushed with his bowel muscles to try and expel the uncomfortable feeling. The result was just the opposite! The muscles allowed the anal cavity to expand, and the sudden entrance filled his ass! He felt so full, hurt, and in pleasure at the same time.

Chris felt soft flesh meet his butt, the realised that he was being fucked by a strap-on! He still had no idea who was back there, but it was beginning to feel real good. He knew that it wasn't Michele, she was still impaled on his cock. Carrie was shaking through his orally induced orgasm, so it was either Jane or his wife, Lacy.

He found out soon enough, when Carrie shouted, "Omigod, Lacy! Yes! Fuck his ass good!"

The shock of finding out it was his wife at his butt hole spurred Chris to another level of awareness. The initial pain of entry had subsided and developed into a warm, full feeling he had never experienced before. Lacy began to slowly thrust in and out of his virgin butt hole, causing him to moan into Carrie's kitty. Carrie pulled his face deeper into her wet slit and began to cum.

The cumming girl under his tongue, the steady filling of his rectum, and the writhing body impaled on his penis were too much. No longer did he wonder if he could produce another cum. His balls tightened, his cock swelled inside Michele, and his anus contracted around it's invader. He screamed out his release. Pulsing his essence deep into Michele, biting on Carrie's clit, and feeling his tiny wife driving into him all at once sent him into orgasmic overload. He nearly passed out sandwiched between the three girls.

Jane seized the opportunity to jump between Michele's spread thighs when Chris pulled out. She greedily sucked up as much of the frothy white sauce that was running out of her friend's freshly fucked kitty. She sent Michele into a frenzy of remarkable cums with her tongue.

Lacy, meanwhile, was still buried in her husband's ass. She pulled him back and drove her strap-on deeper into his rear. Whispering, she said, "How does that feel, Chris?"

"Ohmigod, Lacy! I've never felt anything like it!"

"Do me like this?" She asked.

"Y ... You want me to ....?" He didn't finish the sentence.

Lacy pulled out of Chris and knelt `doggie' with the strap-on still attached. Chris was handed a tube of anal lube, and he applied generous amounts to both his penis and Lacy's anus. After working two fingers into her, Chris pushed his six inch cock against the swollen opening. He felt the muscle push and was amazed at the ease with which he filled his tiny wife's rear door. He swiftly brought her to a screaming cum, as she was already "warmed up" by the earlier activities. 

The rest of the night was filled with partner switches and sharing of toys. Everyone agreed that the party was the best reunion they could have ever hoped for. The three girls left to finish their business trip, and Lacy and Chris were left with a messy house, tired bodies and a lot of new experiences to relive in the days to "cum".