 Chapter 10

The Threesome

The evening was early and the Sigma house was quiet. Nikki was in her room behind closed doors going down on her boyfriend Colin. Hi long rod was buried deep past her full lips. She was kneeling on the floor at the foot of the bed where he sat, leaning his head back with pleasure. Nikki's right hand with its red-painted fingernails held his dick at the base while her mouth silently slid back and forth down the shaft.

As Nikki was sucking Colin off, she couldn't help thinking that only last week on spring break she had had the dick of some one else in the same mouth that Colin's dick was now in. Guilt started washing over her, growing more and more as the blowjob went on. She hadn't brought it up with Colin since, and she didn't plan on admitting anything. She did have a plan to appease her guilt however, but had not had the nerve to bring it up yet.

But now she felt like it was time to do so as she could hear Colin's moans above her increasing. Nikki didn't pause for a moment as he climaxed, giving one long moan as he shot his load straight down the back of her throat. 

Colin fell back on the bed and sighed, "Man, I love Fridays."

Nikki climbed up onto the bed and flopped down beside him. It was time to bring it up, she decided, now that he was nice and relaxed.

"So," she began as she traced his chest and stomach with one of her fingernails, "I've been thinking that I want to do something for you."

"You just did something for me baby," he said, still panting.

"Well yes, but trust me, this is something you've been hoping for since we started dating," she teased, "How would a... ménage a trois sound?"

Colin's head suddenly snapped back towards her. "Are you serious?"

Nikki just batted her brown eyes at him. "Very. I've already talked to Raven about it, and she's in."

"Oh baby, you are amazing," he said as he kissed her hard.

Monday morning Nikki was lucky enough to run into Raven alone in the kitchen. Raven was just taking out the milk to pour on her cereal, her black hair still bed head and still wearing her flannel pajamas.

"Morning Niks."

"Hey Rave. Can I talk to you?"

"Of course," Raven said as she poured the milk into her bowl.

"You know what we talked about on the plane?"

"Oh, oh, um yeah. Yeah I remember," Raven stumbled.

"Did you still mean it?" Nikki asked shyly, "Are you still willing? Because I talked to Colin about it, and, well, he's game."

"Well, I said I would do it, and I still by that," Raven confirmed.

"Thanks Rave," Nikki smiled at her.

"What are you two talking about?" they suddenly heard Kate behind them.

The leggy brunette sauntered into the kitchen in her pajamas and Brandi came up behind her wearing a t-shirt and panties.

"Oh nothing, nothing," Nikki shrugged it off.

Kate looked at them suspiciously and said, "Alright keep your secrets." 

But Brandi gave them a look as if to say she knew what they were up to.

The other girls finally filtered into the kitchen. As Anne ate her cereal and looked over her class schedules, Kate, who was now in a nosy mood, looked over her shoulder to peek.

"You're painting a nude model this week? She asked, "Can I sit it?"

All of the other girls chuckled and also expressed their interest.

"Yeah, I don't think so. We've been given pretty strong instructions about that," Anne replied, letting them all down.

"That's too bad," Brandi replied, "Those models are damn hot. Make sure you get a good painting!"

As Dawson was walking to class, Faith caught up to her, her massive boobs bouncing as she ran.

"Dawson, wait her!!"

"Hey Faithy," Dawson smiled as the buxom blonde slowed beside her.

"So Alison tells me you've got a guy in your sights," Faith began the girl talk.

"Well, you could say that," Dawson's voice trailed off dreamily. Last week during spring break Dawson had met a freshman frat boy named Matt and had instantly fallen for him.

"Gotten anywhere yet?"

"Not yet," Dawson sighed, "Hopefully that will change though.

"Well here's some advice from a humble Brit. Make him wine you and dine you first. Don't jump into it," Faith told her, "Trust me, it will be that much better once you do finally let him in your pants."

The two girls giggled at this but were soon interrupted suddenly as Dawson saw that Matt was actually approaching them.

"It's him, it's him!" she whispered to Faith as he came nearer.

"Well, I should get going," Faith barely suppressed her smile as she ran off, giving a wave to Matt. Matt awkwardly waved back.

"Sorry, just my sorority sister," Dawson shrugged, "They can be a bit goofy.

"I see," he nodded, "How was your weekend?"

"Uneventful,' Dawson admitted, hoping he would get the hint that she would like something eventful. Yours?"

"Not bad. I was hoping to see you at the Young Leaf. But anyway, I guess I can't keep hoping I'll run into you places, so, um.... Do you want to go out with me sometime this week?"

Dawson tried to remain calm, but there was no disguising the massive smile that hit her face. "I'd love to."

Later that evening, Raven was lying in bed with her friend Liz in Liz's dorm room. Liz was what many people considered to be a goth girl, dressing mostly in black wearing mostly black make-up with a few black highlights in her stark red hair. She and Raven had been having a top secret lesbian affair for the last few weeks. It was nothing serious, just an outlet for each of their bisexual urges.

Raven was lying on her back half covered by the sheets with her arms resting behind her head. Liz was lying on her left side, cupping her breast and sucking on her nipple very tenderly.

"Can I ask you something?" Raven said distractedly.

"Of course," Liz answered, momentarily removing her mouth from Raven's tit.

"Have you ever been in a threesome?"

"Lots of times," Liz lifted her head up with interest, "Why?"

"I promised my friend I would join her and her boyfriend. I'm a little unsure about the whole thing though. Nervous I suppose."

"Well, I've been in threesomes, both with two guys and with a guy and another girl," Liz explained, "They can both be very fun, as long as you don't take things very seriously."

"What do you mean by that?" Raven looked over to her inquisitively.

"Well, this friend of mine, Toby, we're fuck buddies. Kind of like you and me, though he's my guy fuck buddy I guess. Well, sometimes we would find ourselves with another of his friends and as the night went along we ended up doing a three-way," Liz went on, "Well, I think Toby is a little in love with me. I ignore it, but he is. And when I'm with him and another guy, I always need to be conscious of not spending too much attention on the other guy or he tends to get jealous.

"So I guess just make sure you're not stealing the attention of the guy away from your friend and you'll be fine. Let them lead things, you're just there as help."

"Yeah, I suppose so. Thanks babe."

"Anytime," Liz said as she squeezed Raven's left tit and reached in to kiss her, pulling the covers over both of them.

Nikki found herself pacing outside of Brandi's room on the third floor f the Sigma house. She had been nervous ever since she confirmed everything with Raven and Colin. She knew she needed to talk to someone, and Brandi was the head girl after all. Finally she took a breath and went in.

But just as she walked in, she caught Brandi in the middle of getting herself off. The petite Brandi was lying on her back wearing a shirt but no pants, her knees up and legs wide open, as she slid a clear, glass dildo in and out of her open, moist pussy.

"Oh geez!" Nikki exclaimed as Brandi shot up and pulled the dildo out.

"Nikki, fuck! You almost gave a heart attack."

"Sorry Bran, I just wanted to talk to you a second."

"Okay, okay, but just let me finish will you?" Brandi said as she resumed her position and began to start again, not minding that Nikki was still in the room. But as she was sliding the dildo against her clit, she abruptly stopped again, "Shit, I lost it. Oh well."

"Sorry Bran."

"Don't worry about it. What's up?"

Nikki sat on the end of the bed and Brandi skootched up to sit by her, still naked from the waist down. Nikki then went on to tell Brandi everything about her guilt from the Mexico trip and how she had set up a threesome with Colin and Raven. Brandi looked quite unsurprised to hear it all.

"Yeah, I thought something was up with you two. So you've never been in a threesome before?"

"No. I was hoping to get some advice," Nikki hinted.

"Well, the biggest advice I can give is don't get jealous. A lot of threesomes fall apart because two of the three are a couple and someone gets jealous. You have to remember that all of this was agreed upon, and once you're caught up in the moment, you just have to let it take you."

"Yeah, I know I need to be careful with that."

You and Raven have never fucked before either, so this is a good opportunity to let loose on each other," Brandi went on, "You two have been best friends for almost three years now and you've made out a number of times. I mean, we've all made out with each other, its just our thing. And you've played with each other, mostly for show at parties and stuff. But that builds up a lot of tension. My advice is to just let loose, relieve that tension."

"Yeah, that's a good point. I can't help but be nervous though."

"You won't be once it starts. Trust me, I've had plenty of threesomes. Both with two guys and with a guy and a girl. Heck, even with two other girls. I've even fucked two brothers before."

Nikki couldn't help but laugh at this. "Really? Wow Brandi. You're something else."

Brandi couldn't help but laugh too. "Yeah, it was my first threesome actually. Grade twelve prom. They had been fighting over me for a while and I just had enough. Found and empty room and brought both of them with me."

Nikki couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of it. "Well, I came to the right girl for advice then. Thanks Brandi."

Dawson knocked on Alison's door and walked in to find Alison hanging out with Lana. They weren't doing anything, but Dawson knew about their secret romance together. However, Lana didn't know that she knew, so she played it cool.

"Hey abase, whatcha doin'" she asked.

"Just studying," Lana relied quickly.

"So guess what, Matt asked me out!" Dawson squealed like a schoolgirl.

"Really? Alison got excited for her, "When?"

"Sometime this week."

"You gonna bring him home?"

"I don't know," Dawson said, "I haven't decided. Faith makes a good point about waiting. What do you think I should do?"

"I say if you want to fuck him, then fuck him. But I mean, Faith may be right too."

"Yeah, well, I'll think about it. I'll let you two get back to studying, "Dawson gave Alison a knowing smile as she slid out of the room.

Alison sighed as she sat down beside Lana on the bed.

"What's wrong? Lana asked, looking up from her textbook.

"I just... don't you miss it sometimes? Like, dating guys?" Alison changed to an apologetic tone as she saw Lana rise up in concern, "I mean, I'm crazy about you, and I love being with you, don't get me wrong. That's not where I'm going with this."

"Good," Lana looked relieved.

"But I mean, don't you miss it? Like, physically? Don't you just miss having a dick inside you? I think that its that physical part that I really miss," Alison admitted.

Lana was not sure how to reply to this as her expressions went blank on her fresh, smooth face. "I guess I haven't thought about it as much as you. I didn't know you felt that way. You know what? I think I'm going to study in my room."

"Wait, Lana-" Alison called after her girlfriend as she walked out, "Fuck."

Outside then house on the back porch, Nikki and Raven were having a conference about their planned threesome, away from the ears of the other sisters. Both of them sat together in the swing watching the students walk to and from school in the alley behind them.

"Brandi knows what we're up to," Nikki confessed.

"Well fuck, then everyone is going to know. Especially since you know Kate is going to be all nosy now."

"Yeah, I know. But we would need to get them all out of the house on Friday night anyways," Nikki said, "By the way, I thought the three of us would go for dinner on Friday. You know, to kind of ease our way into it."

"Sounds good to me, "Raven agreed, "So, um, is Colin going to be fucking both of us, or just you, or what?"

"Well, I've been thinking about this a lot. And really this threesome is to cure my guilt right? So I think I'm going to just let him do what ever he wants. I mean, if that's okay with you."

"I'm just there to help."

"Okay, well," Nikki sighed, her heaving chest rising and falling, "I suppose this is one of the strangest conversations we've ever had."

That relieved the tension as they both started laughing, letting their anxiety melt away.

Lana ran down the stairs to the first floor and found Eileen reading a book on the cushy leather chair in the living room.

"Eileen, can I borrow your jeep for a bit? I need to make a trip downtown."

"Hmm? Yeah sure," Eileen peeked up from her book, "Keys are on the kitchen counter."

Lana grabbed the keys and drove from campus to the downtown of New Boston. She didn't go downtown often, and especially this part of downtown. It was a little seedier than the rest of the city, but it still wasn't as bad as some cities she had visited. 

She parked the jeep in front of Free One Adult Video and Toys. She entered the store cautiously and felt like all eyes suddenly sprang on her. And of course they did. A young, hot college girl with an hourglass body and luxurious blonde hair walking into a store like that usually grabbed people's attention. She tried to avoid the glares of the scattered customers in the aisles and scampered over to find what she needed.

Thursday of that week came and both Raven and Nikki were getting nervous, while the other girls just went about their week like normal. Dawson was anticipating her own date with Matt on Friday and tensions were still high between Lana and Alison.

The innocent-faced Anne, however, seemed to be oblivious to everything that was going on in her own house and was living in her own world. She was starting to feel like her old self again since her incident with the roofie months back, and she felt good about that.

She was thinking about her new confidence that Thursday morning during her art class, thoughts running through her head as she set up her canvas and brushes in the studio. She was so lost in her own thoughts that she forgot what they were doing in the class that day, until her teacher introduced the class to the nude male model who came in.

Anne was stunned when she watched him climb onto the marble bed in the center of the studio and slip off his robe. His body looked like it too had been chiseled from that very marble, his muscles and bulges in perfect proportions. As he positioned himself on his side she saw that his package was damn near perfect as well, his long rod hanging down as straight as an arrow. She had to physically shake her head before she was able to focus on her painting.

A few times during her painting, she found herself drifting off as she gazed at the still, naked body in front of her. One of those times she noticed him noticing her gazing, and she swore she could see a quick smile from him. She felt her pants getting wet down below. She imagined her panties inside to be damn-near completely soaked by the end of this session.

As the class wrapped up, the teacher gave them their final instructions on when to hand in their paintings. The class began to pack up their things and usher themselves out of the art studio while the model had slipped on his robe and moved off to the side of the room.

As Anne began to pack her things, she knocked over her paint brushes and spilled them all over the floor.

"Oh fuck," she cursed silently as she picked them all up. As when she finally got her things pack she noticed that the studio was empty except for herself and the model. She immediately became flushed and nervous, especially when he noticed her.

"Would you mind if I saw your painting?" he asked in what sounded like a slight Italian accent.

"Um, yeah, of course," the blonde, baby-faced Anne stammered, lifting her canvas up and to show I to him.

"I love it," he said.

"Thank you, but, well, um, I... I had a lot to work with. You... you are already, um, .... art, "she said lamely, not quite able to make sense of what she was saying.

"We are all art," he said in a way that would be cheesy to anyone looking upon them, but only melted Anne where she stood, especially when he ran his fingers across her cheek.

Suddenly he was lifting her shirt over her head and with a simple flick of his fingers, her bra fell to the floor, letting her soft, supple breasts free. Anne couldn't believe this was happening, but was too afraid to let it slip away, so she slid her pants and panties down over her hips while he let his robe fall to the floor.

Anne once again found herself gazing at his muscular body. But this time his rod was stiff and pointing straight towards her. He grabbed her shoulders and lowered her onto the marble bed. She didn't even mind the cold shock of the stone on her naked body, since the warmth of his dick entering her moist hole took everything out of her brain.

As he climbed up onto the bed, grinding his pelvis against her she moaned with pleasure. Anne couldn't believe that she, he quiet, shy art student, was having sex with a nude model, in a room where anyone could walk in at any time. It was exactly like one of those erotica stories she used to read in high school.

What she didn't know what that not all of the class had piled out of the room just yet. Raven's gothic friend Liz who was also in Anne's art class, was always the last to leave the studio and always set up her station away in the corner. As she had finally gotten her stuff together, she heard Anne's moans and looked to see her lying n her back being railed by the stud she had just painted.

Whoa," she whispered to herself quietly, not wanting to give away that she was there, "This is too good to pass up."

So very quietly, Liz reached into her art supplies and began a fresh new canvas. As she looked up at her two new models, they were switching position. He was now on his back and she was climbing on top, sliding down onto his hard flagpole of a cock.

Anne stared down at his amazing chest and abs as she pumped down on his dick, hitting al the right spots. She leaned back and grabbed his thigh with one hand, waving the other in the air as she fucked. Her wavy blonde hair flew behind her as she bounced wildly on his cock.

The fires inside her rose up and soon the stimulation of everything that was happening, the risky setting, the perfect models body, the freeness of her own naked body, all rushed up and burst. As she hit her orgasm, she cried out louder than she probably ever had before. The soft features of her cheeks contorted into her o-face and her free hand squeezed her own breast. Her cry of ecstasy rang throughout the whole art studio.

Anne had never felt as good about herself as she did just then.

After school that day, Brandi called a sorority meeting in the kitchen. All ten of the girls gathered together either sitting at the table or on the stools around the counters. As Anne came in she walked by Eileen and whispered, "Do I ever have a story to tell you." Eileen looked at her with a smile, excited that her meek friend had so intriguing a secret. When Brandi saw that they were all there, she began.

"Okay girls, we need to talk about tomorrow. After school tomorrow, the Sigma house is off limits. We need to clear out for the whole night. Nikki and Raven have a little something special planned for Colin."
