 A shrill whoop knocked Nate out of his reverie. He looked up to see a collection of women sitting at the bar across the room, laughing loudly and toasting each other.

"Drunk girls," he grumbled to himself, shaking his head. "Why do they always have to come here?"

Nate worked at a local hotel, built on top of hot springs. Thanks to all the hot, natural water, the resort had become known for its wonderful spa, attracting a lot of customers. Not usually so rowdy, however.

Despite his annoyance, Nate had to appreciate the looks of the group. One was a tall, stunning blonde, with an extremely low-cut dress showing off her ample cleavage. Next to her stood a dark haired girl with curves enough to make a man drool. She had her arm slung around a thin brunette in a miniskirt, slender legs tucked neatly under her stool, and the group was rounded out by a redhead in a sparkling silver dress, leaning over the bar as if to emphasize her gorgeous round ass.

Damn.

Just then, they all raised their glasses and gave another high-pitched cheer. Nate winced, then sighed again, wishing they would go somewhere else. 

XXXX

"Guys, I don't think we should do this..." Lauren was at the back of the group, tugging anxiously on Nikki's shirt.

"Aw, don't be a party pooper," Nikki giggled, reaching back and grabbing the other girl's wrist, making sure she was coming along. "We're not doing any harm."

Ashley, out front, turned around with a shake of her long blonde hair. "You used to be more adventurous, Lauren. What happened?"

"We're not in college anymore," the brunette huffed. "This isn't our sorority. So what if I'm more responsible now?"

"Responsible? More like boring!" Becca reached back and teasingly poked Lauren's sides, causing her to jump and squeak.

Nikki shushed them. "We're still technically sneaking in to the pools, girls. Can you at least pretend to be stealthy?"

Ashley was inching the door open up ahead of them, carefully peering in before pulling the door open wider. "C'mon," she hissed, beckoning them forwards. "All clear in here!"

The girls piled through the doorway, playfully shoving at each other. The room was steamy, heat rising from the four hot pools set into the floor. Nearby were the doorways to the changing room, which Lauren immediately headed for.

A hand on her shoulder stopped her. "Just where do you think you're going?" drawled Becca.

"Um, to put on my swimsuit?" 

The other girls just snickered. "You actually brought your swimsuit down with us?" Ashley asked.

"Uh, yes, I did. Didn't you?"

Ashley and Nikki looked at each other, then simultaneously began pulling their clothes off.

Lauren looked shocked. "What are you doing? Anyone could walk in here!"

Becca drew her hand down Lauren's side to her waist, wrapping her arm around her scandalized friend. "Don't worry, love, it's midnight. No one is going to come in and bother us. And it's been such a long time since we've all gotten to...be with each other."

"I'm still not so sure..." She trailed off as Becca leaned in towards her, running her nose up the other girl's cheek in a familiar caress.

The redhead pressed her advantage, pulling Lauren into a deep kiss as the other two girls watched appreciatively. Becca expertly maneuvered her friend, backing her up as they made out until she stood right on the edge of one of the pools.

Becca broke the kiss. "Still not sure about skinny dipping?" she asked with a coy smile. "Then it's time for you to get wet!" She shoved the other backwards and, with an enormous splash, Lauren fell into the water.

She broke the surface a moment later. "Rebecca, you dirty whore!"

The other girls were laughing. "Come here, Lauren," Nikki said, offering the drenched girl a hand up from the pool. "Let's get you out of those wet clothes." She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively.

Lauren gave a small smile in response. "Fine. But if any of these clothes have ended up ruined, I'm billing you for their replacements, Becca!"

The redhead just laughed in response, appreciating the view of Nikki's ass as she bent down to help Lauren up. Ashley, feeling impatient, chose that moment to lean over and kiss Becca, cutting off her laughter.

"Good thing I didn't bring my phone with me," Lauren said, peeling her top over her head as Nikki unzipped her miniskirt.

Nikki gave a small hum of appreciation. "Nice lace panties, girl! Were you expecting company?"

Lauren blushed, unhooking her bra in the back. "Well, I may have been remembering some certain nights back in college when I packed for our trip this weekend..."

Nikki grinned, reaching up to cup her friend's breasts. "Good call." She dragged Lauren in for a kiss, thumbing her nipples and making the brunette moan into her mouth.

Ashley and Becca were making out nearby, the blonde fully naked while Becca was still fully clothed. This wasn't stopping Ashley, however, who was now snaking her hand up underneath Becca's silvery dress.

She pulled back just enough to breathlessly say, "No panties, good choice," before diving back into the kiss.

Becca moaned loudly as she felt her friend's fingers slip between her thighs. Ashley had always been good at this, knowing exactly what buttons to press. She slid her fingers up and down Becca's slit, never touching her clit or pushing any farther between her folds.

Becca squirmed under her friend's touch, humping her hips up and down. "More," she mewled, grasping at Ashley's wrist.

"You've gotten way too used to having a boyfriend," Ashley complained, curling her finger. "What I wouldn't give for a good cock right now."

Just then, the door to the pools opened, and a tall, lanky man clothed in the hotel's uniform walked in.

"Ooh," Ashley cooed, eyes lighting up. "What perfect timing!" She walked towards the man, mischievous grin on her face.

XXXX

Nate opened the door, heaving a sigh. Someone had snuck in here and his manager told him to go investigate, though he was technically off the clock. This was the last thing standing between him and his home, a beer, and a nice jerk off before bed.

Walking into the pool area, he pulled up short. Before him were the four women from the hotel bar earlier, in various states of undress around the pools. 

The dark-haired girl, still clad in black lacy panties and a bra, lay near the brunette, who was entirely naked with her hair piled on her head. Nearby the redhead lay sprawled out, lacking panties, with her silver dress pushed up around her waist. Between her legs knelt the blonde, fingers apart spreading her folds.

"Ooh!" exclaimed the blonde girl, standing up and licking her fingers off. "What perfect timing!" 

"Uh," was Nate's clever reply. The girl's enormous breasts bounced slightly as she strode forward, drawing his gaze like a magnet. He could feel his cock beginning to stir in his pants.

The blonde came to a stop in front of Nate, spinning around to face the other girls. "Look at that, Becca, I think this man has exactly what you need!" She reached down and cupped his crotch.

Nate groaned, hardening further under her touch. "What the..."

"Ashley, I don't think so..." The brunette slipped into one of the pools, covering her breasts with her arms with an imploring look at Nikki.

"Don't be a prude, Lauren," giggled the dark-haired girl. She reached over and pushed her hand beneath the other girl's, tweaking one of Lauren's nipples and eliciting a sharp gasp. "I thought you wanted to have fun tonight?"

"You said no one would find us!" Lauren responded, accusingly.

Ashley shrugged. "Lucky us, I guess. Loosen up, Lauren, nothing bad will happen."

After an encouraging look from the dark-haired girl, Lauren nodded, still looking a bit nervous. "But can it be just us for a while longer, Nikki?" she whispered to the other girl.

Nikki nodded, sliding into the pool next to her friend.

Ashley turned back to Nate. "My friend needs a little help," she told him, grabbing his elbow and leading him over to the redhead on the floor. "Isn't that right, Becca?"

Becca had maneuvered herself upright, legs tucked underneath her, as Nate allowed himself to be led forwards she licked her lips and almost unconsciously swayed her large ass back and forth. The silver sequins caught the dim overheads in a hypnotizing pattern.

Nate stopped as Becca reached up and undid his uniform pants. With a quick motion she hooked her fingers over his waist band and yanked down his underwear and pants. Nate was pleased to hear a gasp from the assembled girls. Becca's mouth was half open, her wet tongue poking out. 

The blonde tugged at his ear lobe with her teeth. She had risen up on tiptoes, pressing her hardened nipples into his back. 

"My name's Ashley," she whispered breathily into his ear, making him shiver. "Let me help you with that."

Ashley tugged at his uniform from behind, pulling his vest off and reaching around to loosen the buttons of his shirt. Meanwhile Becca, the redhead, butt still swaying and a hand having moved between her legs, had taken his cock in her left hand. She stroked slowly at first, then leaned in and gave it a timid lick.

The warm wet touch made Nate's mouth open in a silent gasp. He groaned fully as she began running her tongue up and down his shaft. She waited for an eternity to reach the head, but as she did she maneuvered his large member into her mouth. 

Ashley had him unclothed and slowly moved around him, careful to keep one finger trailing along his torso. 

"Does it feel good, Becca?" she teased as the red head moaned into his cock. She knelt down behind Becca and carefully tugged down the silver top of her dress. One hand began massaging the girl's nipples as the other joined Becca's own fingers in stroking her pussy. "I think you want more, don't you?" 

Becca nodded emphatically at the question. She let the cock fall from her lips and leaned back into Ashley's embrace, splaying her legs out in front of her. 

"Please..." 

Nate looked down as the girl under him begged, noting she stared not at him but at Ashley with lust-filled eyes.

"Please, Ash... in the..."

Nate had forgotten why he was in the baths. He fell on the redhead, holding himself up on his arms and used his hips to drive into Becca's waiting pussy. It was soaking wet, and he could feel Ashley's fingers on either side spreading her tender folds.

XXXX

Becca gasped as the man slammed into her; he was frantic after the blow job and so was she. His warm cock filled her, but she needed more. She leaned her head back to where she could better see Ashley behind her, staring appreciatively at the two. 

"P-p-p-p-please?" Becca groaned. She gasped in relief as Ashley nodded and winked at her, reaching out to grab Nate by the shoulders. He reluctantly slowed down. 

"Now, now big boy, not so fast," Ashley laughed at the almost hurt look on the guy's face. "She should have some time on top, you don't want to tire yourself out." Ashley pushed him off Becca, who stood up and removed her dress.

The man nodded, looking around in amazement at the girls around him, still letting Ashley guide him until he lay on the tiles at the edge of the pool. Becca ignored the moans from Lauren and Nikki in the pool. Instead she straddled the man.

"What's your name?" she managed, trying not to pant in need. She began rubbing her hips up and down, his dick pressing into her mound.

"Nate" he said simply, but Becca had already forgotten her question as she tipped her hips up and let the head of his dick push into her soft lips. She pressed down letting his long inches slide into her. 

"I'm not normally like this" she tried to say but it came out as a moan as she felt Ashley touch her sensitive ass. She rocked harder and harder against Nate's thick cock, her head buzzing in anticipation. 

How many times had Ashley teased her like this in college? Ashley would grin evilly as she brought out her magic wand, cackling as she made Becca hump it, until... 

She gasped as Ashley's smooth finger slid into her ass, the pressure in her stomach, building since she began fucking Nate exploded as she felt fully filled. She fell forwards, her arms too weak to hold herself upright, and weakly grabbed Nate's chest. His arms wrapped around her as the orgasm ripped through her, making her whole body vibrate as Ashley fingered her ass.

Ashley reached down and pulled Becca's limp body off of Nate. "That's a good start Becca, but don't worry I'm sure Nate here will fill you himself before the night is done." 

XXXX

Nikki looked down at Lauren as she climbed into the pool. Lauren had barely changed since their sorority days: thin, with a narrow waist and long legs that were currently kicking slowly in the water. Nikki always liked the look of Lauren's small breasts, their pale color contrasting with Nikki's own larger ones. 

She pulled herself over to Lauren, throwing her arms around the other girl's neck and letting one leg push between the brunette's thighs. The darker girl leaned in for a deep kiss. As she let her thigh graze Lauren's pussy she could feel the thinner girl push down into her; the thought of turning Lauren on made Nikki's spine tingle. 

Lauren broke the kiss, instead hugging her curvy friend close. Her hips had begun grinding themselves on Nikki's thigh. Her lace panties made the touch electric, its rough surface driving her mad for more.

"Do you remember that party in college when we did this?" Lauren breathed into Nikki's ear.

"We made them watch how it should be done," Nikki grinned "and then..."

"And then they descended like sharks! They filled us from every side," Laruen's hips bucked at the memory making Nikki giggle. "Finger me like that again?" Lauren begged.

Nikki nodded and moved back to let Lauren climb out of the pool. She whistled quietly at the pale girl's legs. 

"Mm, can't wait to get between those!" she cooed as she climbed out. 

She climbed on top of Lauren, her hand between her legs. She let her own weight press the heel of her palm down onto Lauren's clit as she maneuvered her fingers into the thin girl's pussy. She thrust her hips in time with her fingers as she thrust her tongue deep into Lauren's mouth.

Her finger thrust incessantly as Nikki's own juices flowed down her hand and mixed with Lauren's. Soon they were both moaning and bucking in pleasure. Nikki broke the kiss and broke the kiss to look around remembering they had another guest. 

Nate had stood up after making Becca cum. Ashley was still playing with the redhead's ass, stretching her out and teasing her sopping pussy with her tongue. Nikki caught Nate's eye. It was enough.

She admired the man's body, tall and broad chested. He might be a little skinny, but his legs looked well muscled. As he watched her hump Lauren he began to touch himself. Underneath her Lauren moved her arm and tweaked Nikki's nipple. Nikki squealed and looked back down.

She smiled evilly and used her free hand to cup Lauren's head and force her into another deep kiss. She lost herself in the sensation of the girl's mouth, tongues swirling together. Suddenly heavy hands falling on her hips broke her from her daydreaming. She twisted slightly to look behind her. 

Nate had gotten down behind the girls, his knees apart to keep Lauren and Nikki's legs apart. He held the curvy dark girl's hips and pressed his still erect dick into her. Nikki fell back onto Lauren, her head on the redhead's shoulder as she felt the cock fill her. She was so wet it slid in without a moment's hesitation. 

Nate let out an animalistic yell as he began pounding into her. His thrusts pushed Nikki's fingers, still clamped around Lauren's pussy up and down and both girls clutched each other in intense pleasure. Lauren's drove her finger nails into Nikki's back and Nikki bit into Lauren's shoulder. Nate grunted in effort, driven mad by need after his time with Becca. 

Nikki felt wave after wave of pleasure crash over her, the pin prick of pain from Lauren's nails reminding her she was still on top of her friend. She couldn't hold it any longer. 

Lauren squirmed as Nikki's fingers pounded into her, pushed by the strange man over them. Nikki's breasts rubbed her own and Lauren felt her eyes roll in her head as Nikki bit her shoulder.

Together the girls came, Lauren spasmed, her thighs crushing Nikki's fingers into her mound. Nikki bucked into Nate's dick, squeezing, as she screamed into Lauren's shoulder.

XXXX

Nate couldn't believe what he was doing. He was fucking two girl's at once. His eyes were glued to the curvy girl's back, she had wide hips, a curvy waist. Sweat beaded on her back, and clung to her dark hair that bounced every time he slid his cock in and out of her. The brunette's face was visible over Nikki's shoulder, her mouth hanging open as he rocked them back and forth.

With a powerful thrust he felt Nikki buck, her pussy clenching around his cock. The brunette clenched her jar and spasmed. As they squirmed in pleasure Nate couldn't help himself, his cock twitched and he pulled out, cock spasming and coming all over Nikki's beautiful back. 

Panting he collapsed to the floor. With obvious difficulty Nikki and Lauren separated, gasping whenever they brushed against each other, still overly sensitive from their climax.

"Now what?" Nate managed lamely.

Almost on cue, the busty blonde named Ashley called over. "Come on girls, keep Becca busy, she wants something in her ass, and I bet Nate here needs some taking care of."

Nikki and Lauren looked at each other and grinned. Still glowing from their orgasm they crawled over to Becca, trying not to rub their legs too hard together.

Nate still lay on his back, getting his breath back as Ashley approached. He stared in admiration at her large breasts swaying with her walk. She was naked, and clearly aroused, liquid wetting her thighs. Nate pulled himself up and reached towards her.

He pulled her down next to him and kneaded her breasts. Her breath caught as she stared at him, eyelashes fluttering. As he pinched her nipples she gasped and with a grin pushed him down.

"Becca needs a big strong cock to properly fill that ass of yours," Ashley said in a husky voice. "But I can't let her have all the fun."

Nate felt his dick twitch as Ashley lowered herself towards him, her smooth folds, grazed with a tiny amount of blonde pubic hair, touching his lips. He smelt her musk and with a smile he darted his tongue up at her. He laughed as she wiggled her hips as he tickled her pussy. 

She settled down, draping her self over him. Her large breasts pushed into his stomach as she began playing with his flaccid cock. He felt her fingers sliding in the combined cum and Nikki's juices. 

"You need some cleaning," she purred "you dirty man."

As Ashley began to lick the juices off Nate raised his head and licked the length of her mound, circling her aroused clit, flicking it with the tip of his tongue. With a yelp she pushed her pussy down hard into his tongue. Surprised he pushed his tongue hard into her pushing her lips apart.

Ashley tortured him, slowly licking his dick clean, and then coating it with her spit again and again. Nate had wondered if he would be able to continue after coming over Nikki, but Ashley swiftly proved him wrong. Soon enough Ashley let his hard cock bounce against the back of his throat as he frantically sucked and licked at her dripping pussy. 

Ashley drove herself harder and harder against Nate's face. His hands flew up to her breasts and grabbed her nipples. The sudden pinching pushed her over the edge, and she clenched her thighs. She chocked on his hard cock in her throat as she climaxed. 

After a final last twitch she shakily stood up, smiling at Nate's wet face. 

She reached down and helped him up. 
