 The next couple of days seemed to drag by. We continued to check our profile even though we had our first night all arranged. I caught Mel chatting on the webcam a couple of times but that was all she was doing, chatting. I never actually caught her behaving like she had with Jo. I had even left her alone deliberately hoping that I would. 

We spent the day of our meeting with Jo and Pete in town, shopping for some new clothes for that evening. I never knew you could spend so long in a lingerie shop. Mel bought three new sets of underwear, a red and black Basque with matching g-string, a white lace thong and bra set and a three piece black lace camisole set. She even convinced me to buy myself a couple of pairs of thongs and some silk boxer shorts. When we finally got back home she was insistent that we had a mini fashion show and we spent the next couple of hours parading around the house in our new underwear. 

I glanced at the clock, saw that it was only a couple of hours until we had to be at the pub where we had arranged to meet them, and told Mel we ought to start getting ready. We both went up the stairs and, as Mel went in the bathroom and turned the shower on, I went and got the clothes we had decided to wear set out on the bed. Mel was going to wear a black leather dress she had bought months before, but never worn and I was going in jeans and shirt.

Once I had set everything out I went to sit down on the bed, to wait for Mel, when she called out from the bathroom.

"Can you come here please Shaun?" She called. 

I walked to the bathroom to see what she wanted.

"I think you should get in here with me." She said when I asked what she wanted.

"Do you think that's a good idea?" I replied. "We don't want to ruin tonight."

"Just get in here Shaun." She said. "I need you right now."

Slipping my new boxers off I pulled back the shower curtain and stepped in with her. We spent the next forty minutes in the shower washing every inch of each other's bodies, Mel even having an orgasm as I ran the sponge slowly over her pussy. By the time we climbed out my cock was pointing straight up and Mel, cheekily, gave it a few strokes but stopped before I could cum.

"We best save that for Jo later." She said. "Just thinking of watching your cock slide in and out of her pussy is getting me turned on."

We quickly dried ourselves off and got dressed, Mel looked absolutely stunning in the leather dress, and made our way downstairs. We checked the house to make sure everything was off before going out into the warm early evening air.

"On the way we ought to stop and get a bottle." I said. "Just in case we do end up going back to their place."

Mel agreed and we jumped in the car and headed off, towards our date with the unknown. Stopping at the off license we ended up buying three bottles of wine, two white and a red. 

The pub we were supposed to meet Jo and Pete at, The Flying Swan was situated at the end of a quiet country road and it took us a while to find it. We eventually arrived ten minutes before we were due to meet them and walked in. I went up to the bar while Mel scanned the room, looking to see if they had arrived early, before joining me.

"They aren't here yet Shaun." Mel said. "Get me a large vodka and coke please."

I ordered the drinks and we went and sat down at a table in the corner that had a good view of the front door, I wanted to make sure I saw them as soon as they walked in. I had been reading about swinging on the internet and read how some couples, sometimes, use fake profile pictures to get people to agree to meet them only for it to go badly when they finally met. I needn't have worried though because, only fifteen minutes after we had sat down, Jo and Pete walked through the door.

As soon as I saw her I could see exactly why Mel had been behaving like she had on the webcam. If anything she looked even more stunning in real life, than on the computer, and I could hardly take my eyes off her. She was wearing skin tight, white jeans and a red t-shirt that showed off her ample 34DD tits. I hadn't even noticed what Pete was wearing, I couldn't take my eyes off her, and it was only when Mel nudged me in the ribs did I come back to reality.

They came over to us and we greeted each other, as if we were old friends, before I asked them what they would like to drink.

"Can I just have an orange juice please?" Jo said.

"And I'll have a beer thanks." Pete added. "I'll come and help you with the drinks."

We left the two women and headed up to the bar.

"It's good to finally meet someone in the same position as us." Pete said.

"I thought we should try and find a couple that were new to the scene." I replied. "Thought it would make things easier."

"We had decided that if we didn't find new people we weren't going to go through with it. Experienced swingers might have expected a lot more." Pete added.

"Have you had a lot of interest in your profile?" I asked keeping my voice down.

"There has been a fair few yes." Pete said. "But most of them were experienced, obviously wanting the chance to take our swinging virginity."

I laughed at the phrase he used, and realised that it described me and Mel perfectly as well. As we waited for our drinks I glanced across at Mel and Jo. The two women had sat right next to each other and were laughing and joking with each other, I could guess what about, as if they had known each other for years. Finally our drinks were ready and the two of us walked back to the table. The girls didn't notice us returning and jumped when we put the drinks on the table.

"Did we interrupt something?" Pete asked laughing.

"I hope you haven't started without us." I added.

I sat down, directly opposite Jo, and started to imagine what sort of things that she liked in bed. She had obviously made a real effort to look stunning, but hadn't gone over the top with her make-up. As I looked at her I could almost feel her brunette hair brushing against my skin as she sucked my cock, and wondered just how sweet her pussy was going to taste.

"How should we go about this then?" Pete asked bringing me back to reality.

"I'm not too sure." I replied. "Do we finish our drinks and then go somewhere else first?"

"We could do that I suppose." Pete added. "But let's see what the ladies would like to do."

"I think we should leave here and go straight to Jo's?" Mel said excitedly.

"And I think Mel's idea is brilliant." Jo added eagerly.

Pete and I looked at each other, shrugged our shoulders and agreed.

"Who are we to disagree with two women?" We both said in unison.

Finishing our drinks we got up and left the pub. Pete and Jo had arrived by taxi so, as I had only had one drink, we got in our car. Mel and Jo sat together in the back, Pete sitting next to me in the front to show me the way, and we headed towards their house. I altered the rear view mirror, saying I had moved it when I got out the car earlier, and kept glancing at the two women as I drove. 

Out of the corner of my eye I could see Jo slowly letting her hand creep up Mel's thigh, going just under the her skirt, and saw Mel bite her lip to stop her from gasping out. I saw Mel throw her head back, as she opened her legs slightly, Jo's hand inching further up her skirt towards her obviously eager and aching pussy. Mel let out a slight gasp and raised her hand to her mouth, hoping she hadn't been heard, and I presumed Jo had finally reached her pussy. All that was separating Jo's exploring fingers and Mel's pussy were Mel's new white lace panties.

"Turn left here Shaun." Pete said suddenly and I had to brake sharply to make the corner.

"I nearly missed it then Pete." I replied laughing.

Glancing back at the girls I saw, that by swinging the car around the corner, Jo had fallen across Mel. Instead of sitting straight back up Jo stayed in that position and Mel bent her head, and began to passionately kiss her, their tongues dancing across each other's hungry lips. 

Casting my eyes back onto the road I looked at the houses along each side. They looked similar to mine and Mel's, just slightly newer, and were set further back away from the road with trees lined along the edge of the pavement. The area looked to be a lot nicer than our road and I was glad we had come back to theirs. If they had seen our street, with old cars cluttering drives and rubbish strewn across the street they might have changed their minds. We tried to keep our property tidy but with the people that had been moving in it had been a losing battle, we just hoped that we would be moving pretty soon.

"You want number twenty-eight Shaun." Pete said as I drove slowly up the street.

Twenty-eight was almost at the end of the street and I turned the car half into their drive, as their car was already there, and turned the engine off.

"Here we are girls." Pete said over his shoulder. "Everybody out and let's get inside and get this party started."

"Great I can't wait." Jo said. "Come on Mel."

"You two seem very eager." I said. "Is there something us men should know?"

Mel stared at me, smiling, before Jo half dragged her up the path to the front door.

"Come on Pete get this fucking door open." Jo shouted down the path.

"Alright give me a minute." Pete shouted back laughing. "Those two seem anxious don't they Shaun?"

"You're telling me they are." I replied. "We best not keep them waiting come on."

I took the wine out of the car as Pete went and opened the house, the girls almost falling through the door in their rush. After locking the car I followed up the path and went in. Their house looked to be freshly decorated, and after I had given the wine to Pete, sat on the sofa where Jo pointed to.

Pete took the wine in to the kitchen before coming back with four full glasses of white and, after giving everyone a glass, sitting down next to me. The four of us sat there making small talk about work and home life for about an hour before the two girls stood up.

"I'm just going to show Mel our bedroom Pete." Jo said." Be back down in a minute."

They left the room leaving me and Pete sitting there unsure what to say next.

"Fancy another wine Shaun?" He asked.

"Might as well while we wait."

"What made you and Mel want to try swinging? He called from the kitchen.

"I'm not sure really." I called back. "We did see a documentary about it one night, thought it looked like fun and the rest, as they say, is history."

Pete came back with the glasses and sat back down. I took a large gulp from the glass, and was about to ask him why him and Jo were trying it out, when the two women walked back into the front room. Pete and I looked at each other and then back at the women. While they were upstairs they had obviously come up with a plan because they were both standing there in just their lingerie, Mel in her white lace and Jo in a black silk chemise and thong. The two women giggled slightly before walking over to us, only Mel went straight to Pete and Jo came and sat on my lap.

Before I could say, or do, anything Jo began to smother my face in kisses, her breath warm against my skin causing my cock to begin to stiffen. Glancing at Mel I saw she was doing the same to Pete, they had definitely worked out how to go about things while upstairs, and they seemed to be matching each other move for move. 

I saw Jo wink at Mel and then start to inch her way down my body, lifting my shirt as she went.

Deftly she undid my jeans and slid her hand inside them, letting her hand rest against my cock. Looking at Mel, to make sure she was okay with what Jo was doing, I saw that she hadn't bothered to stop at Pete's underwear and had his semi hard cock out slowly wanking him to full stiffness. Watching the way my girlfriend was teasing another man's cock caused mine to stiffen instantly and Jo, feeling it harden, reached her hands into my silk boxers and began to wank me.

As the two women wanked our cocks, and played with our balls, Pete and I looked at each other grinning.

"This seems to be a good idea." Pete said to me and I agreed.

"It definitely was." I said and slid down the sofa a little.

Jo stopped wanking me and pulled my jeans and boxers down and, after getting a nod from Mel, started to lower her head. Running my fingers through her hair I slowly pulled her closer, until she could flick her tongue out across the end of my cock, and put my head back.

With my eyes closed I felt her warm, wet mouth lower itself around my shaft and she began to start sucking my cock. Jo was almost as good as Mel at sucking cock and she soon had me gently thrusting my cock into her mouth, every time she took my full length.

All the time Jo was sucking mine I kept glancing at Mel, and saw she was bobbing her head up and down at quite a speed, seemingly trying to make Pete cum in her mouth. Jo started moving her head as fast as Mel and I knew that if she carried on I wouldn't last much longer. Placing my hand against her head I stopped her sucking and Jo looked at me.

"Is everything okay Shaun?" She asked me.

"It's better than alright." I said. "But if I don't stop you I am going to cum in your mouth."

"That's alright Shaun, I wouldn't mind."

"Yes but I want to return the favour." I told her. "Lie down and let me lick your pussy."

Jo didn't need asking twice and, as quick as a flash, she had her panties off and was stretched out across the carpet. Looking at her few brunette pubic hairs, that just covered her pussies opening, I lowered my head and began to probe at her with my tongue. Using two fingers I gently opened her and slid my tongue into her pussy, tasting her sweet juices for the first time, and started to flick my tongue over her swollen clit. As soon as she felt my tongue touch her there she bucked wildly, cumming almost instantly, grinding her pussy into my face. I lapped eagerly at her, almost forgetting about Mel and Pete, as her juices just seemed to flow non-stop.

Finally stopping for breath I looked at Mel and saw she was sitting on the sofa, her legs spread as wide as possible, with Pete's face buried deep into her pussy. She was moaning loudly and seeing her enjoying herself so much spurred me on.

"I want to fuck you so bad Jo." I said.

"And I want to feel your cock buried deep inside my pussy as well." She replied. "But fuck me from behind so I can lick Mel's pussy at the same time."

Pete heard what Jo had said and stopped licking Mel's pussy. Mel got off the sofa and laid down on the carpet, her legs spread, as Jo got onto all fours and lifted her ass into the air.

"Go on Shaun enter me. "Jo virtually begged. "And fuck me hard."

"Yes Shaun let me see your cock enter her pussy." Mewl said lifting her head so she could see.

I knelt behind Jo and slowly, and gently, pushed my cock against her wet pussy. I slid in easily and as I did Jo lowered her head into Mel's pussy.

"You smell so good Mel." Jo said as she pushed her tongue into Mel's wetness.

"Your tongue feels so good Jo." Mel replied. "Give me your cock Pete I want to suck you again."

Pete moved to the side of Mel's head and she turned, opening her mouth at the same time, letting him slide his cock between her lips. As I watched my wife, with a cock in her mouth and another woman's tongue in her pussy, I rammed my cock hard and fast deep into Jo.

It was Pete that first said anything.

"Fucking hell Mel I'm going to cum." He said.

Mel looked at me and Jo, almost as if she was looking for permission.

"Go on Mel make him cum." I said. "Swallow it all."

"Yes Mel taste Pete's cum." Jo added. "Tell me if it's as good as Shaun's"

Mel greedily started sucking Pete again and, almost instantly, he let out a loud groan and started to thrust his cock deep into her mouth.

"Yes Mel that's it taste it all." Pete groaned as he jerked uncontrollably.

Mel finished drinking all his cum and looked at me.

"Take your cock out of Jo." Mel said to me. "Let me see you cover her ass with your cum."

After ramming my cock deep into Jo a couple more times I felt my balls tighten and, after whipping my cock out of her, I wrapped my fist around myself and wanked until I finally started to cum. Jet after jet of thick white liquid splattered across Jo's back and ass as I squeezed my cock tightly, making sure I was fully spent, and when no more cum dripped from the end of my cock Mel jumped up.

"Stay there Jo I'm going to lick every drop off your body." She said. "Then you can kiss me and taste him as well."

Jo stayed exactly where she was as Mel, slowly and deliberately, licked every drop of cum from her before grabbing her head and kissing her full on the lips. The two women kissed for ages and when they finally separated they looked at me and Pete, cum all over their mouths.

"Once we have all recovered we shall have to do that again." Jo said. "Only this time Pete can fuck Mel."

"And you can have the position I had Shaun." Pete added. "I want to see you cum all over Jo's face."

Eventually me and Pete had cum that much we couldn't carry on as quick as the women wanted so, instead of waiting for us to recover, they proceeded to put on a show for us both. They spent ages licking and sucking each other's pussies before Jo left Mel lying on the carpet, fingering her own pussy, before coming back wearing a seven inch strap-on dildo.

"Get on your knees Mel." Jo said as she covered the dildo with lubricant. "Let's show these men how we women like to fuck."

Mel stared at the dildo and stopped fingering herself, before turning onto her front and lifting her ass high in the air.

"Go on Jo fuck me hard." Mel shouted. "Make me cum again."

Pete and I watched, and wanked, as the two women fucked each other for ages. They even swapped the dildo at one point so Mel was fucking Jo. We fucked so many times that night that we all lost count. All I knew was that I had never cum so much in one night. When we all finally collapsed through sheer exhaustion, Mel and Jo wrapped in each other's arms, light was beginning to filter through the curtains.

"Do you think you will continue to swing Pete?" I asked. "Or was that one night enough for you."

"I'll leave that for Jo to decide." He replied. "But I would love to yes. What about you and Mel?"

"I think we will." I told him. "There are so many possibilities to explore."

We talked for a while longer before the women both woke and, following one more fuck, Mel and I got dressed.

"I suppose we ought to be going." I said. "But I am so glad we met you and..."

"I know exactly what you are going to say." Pete said. "And who knows maybe one day, very soon, we will."

"We better do." Jo added. "Mel has the best tasting pussy I have ever eaten."

As Mel and I walked out of their house Jo called out.

"And your cock tastes great as well."

I turned and smiled at them before we got in the car and drove away.

"Well Mel are you glad we did that?" I asked.

"Too right I am." She replied. "Now let's get home and see who else wants to meet up."