 The air was warm and the morning sunshine streamed through my window and across my bed. My eyes slowly came open and I yawned into my pillow. I stretched thoroughly; my fingers, my back, my legs, and blinked myself awake before flipping over onto my back. About this time, I noticed that I was suffering from that most terrible affliction: Morning Wood.

The sheet was tented up high above my lap. I spread my legs some and let my cock strain up against the light linen. My excited pole pushed up and throbbed. I quickly closed my eyes and tried to remember what I had just been dreaming about. Unfortunately, the fantasy had evaporated and I was left only with my hard cock souvenir. I absentmindedly slipped my hand under the sheet, pushed it under the waistband of my fire truck boxers, and gripped my erect shaft by the base to gave it a squeeze and a shake.

Exercising a little self-control, I released it and tossed off the covers. I scooted out of the bed and stood up slowly. Moving groggily, I scratched at the stubble on my cheeks and stumbled down the hall; following that hard slab of "AM walnut". I smacked my dry lips together and walked from my bedroom to the kitchen. Along the way, I noticed the clock said 10:38. I yawned again and thought that was fine for a slow Saturday at home. The fridge door swung open and I selected a jar of OJ. Then I spun the top off and took a long, deep drink. The sweet juice quenched my thirst and washed out all that bad tasting whatever that forms in your mouth when you sleep. It felt good standing there, clad only in my boxers, gulping down OJ while sunshine warmed my ass and crisp air from the fridge's open door floated against my chest and cooled my thighs. 

Almost half the jar was gone when a knock on the door brought me back to my senses. I turned my head and then my body, pushing the fridge shut and padding out of the kitchen, bringing along the juice. I ran my fingers through my hair and crossed the living room, headed towards the door. I glanced out the front window and noticed a white VW bug in my driveway, but didn't have time for a closer look when there was another knock on my door. I was barely thinking, still half asleep, when I simultaneously opened the door and realized I was still very hard and it was very obvious.

The brightness of the sunlight froze the moment in my mind like the flash of a camera. There I stood at the door, looking just a few feet in front of me at two very cute girls that I did not know. I barely moved for a long moment, just slowly looking them up and down, momentarily forgetting about how exposed I was.

The one on the right was the taller of the two. She was about 5'6" and trimly built. Her hair was the varying shades of dark blond hair that has been lightened by hours in the sun. Streaks of light and shade ran up into two twirling pigtails, her short hair cutely done up. Her face was tan and freckled and beset with two deep emerald jewels: those electric green eyes that made my morning wood even harder. Beneath her cute button nose, her lips were a pale pink. This gorgeous 20 year old was wearing a tight white jersey with what looked like XO written on the front in bold red letters. I inspected them a little closer, the letters and her perky breasts, and recognized the Greek letters Chi and Oh. So it was sorority girls visiting me this morning! The tailored white shirt stopped just above the waist of her khaki short shorts. Oddly enough, she had a box of Krispy Kreme doughnuts in her hands; holding them out in front of her firm belly. I didn't even give them a second thought as I noticed her defined, athletic legs. Her tan really stood out against the little white ankle socks she was wearing with her New Balance running shoes. Glancing back up her body, my gaze met hers and I was mesmerized by her raised eyebrows, parted lips, and the playful curiosity beaming from her amazing eyes.

I grinned and shyly looked down. This allowed my eyes to move back up over her friend. Red toenail polish and white flips flops started her short legs. Her ankles were very slender, but her calves and thighs curved their way up to her short denim skirt. That straight skirt would have been shorter on a taller girl, but she was only about 5'1" and it hugged her thick thighs tightly and narrowed a little at her waist. Her red t-shirt was baggy at the waist, but clung to her large bouncy breasts. Her body just seemed to give me the impression of cuddly softness. Long, dark black hair framed her smooth porcelain features and cascaded to her shoulders. This time however, when I looked up to meet her glance, I found those gorgeous dark eyes staring down at the front of my boxers in a look of shock.

We all stood there on my front porch for what seemed like a lot longer than the few seconds it really was. Finally, I recovered and decided there was no point in playing shy. Shifting the jar of juice to my left hand, I said as naturally as I could, "Good morning, ladies. What brings you around today?"

The blond smiled even brighter and hugged the doughnuts to her.

"Hi. I'm Jennifer and this is Shelly," she said giving her friend a bump with her elbow.

"Hi" Shelly said automatically, her eyes never straying from the bulge in my boxers. She just looked at it, following it closely, as I shifted my weight from one foot to the other.

"Sorry if we woke you up, but we're selling doughnuts door to door for a fundraiser for our sorority," Jennifer beamed, leaning in front of Shelly and recapturing my attention.

"Doughnuts door to door?" I retorted intelligently.

"Yeah, silly. Doughnuts. A dozen delicious doughnuts for just four dollars; delivered to your door by the sweethearts of Chi Oh," she grinned, displaying the box in front of her. She had obviously been explaining this all morning. "Come on, it's a great fundraiser. Most people would rather buy doughnuts than magazine subscriptions or dumb homemade knick-knacks."

"You know you want some," Shelly added, finally coming back to reality. "Besides, they go really well with all that juice you've got there," she giggled and grinned, glancing up to catch my gaze.

"Yeah, ok ladies. I'm sold," I answered happily. "Come on in."

"Cool. What's your name?"

"I'm Nate and I'm very pleased to meet you both."

I moved back from the door and turned to let them enter my living room. Jennifer giddily bounced past me carrying the box of doughnuts and started looking around the room. Shelly moved by me slowly, making sure to brush against me as she walked into my home.

"Uhh, make yourselves at home. I'm just gonna go grab my wallet," I said as I put the jar of juice down and walked back to my bedroom. As I dug through the pile of dirty clothes, looking for the jeans I had worn the night before, I kept looking back over my shoulder; down the hall to where the two gorgeous coeds were waiting for me. I thought I heard them talking, but couldn't make out the words. Finding the jeans, I snatched my wallet out of the back pocket and pulled a five dollar bill out of it. I flipped the wallet onto the nightstand and considered slipping on the jeans. Why cover up now? I thought. Besides, Shelly seemed pretty interested in what was straining against my white boxers with the little red fire trucks on them. Grinning at the thought, I turned and walked back down the hall.

When I returned to the living room, Jennifer was standing in front of my bookcase, running her fingertip down the spines of a line of novels. Shelly had made herself comfortable on my couch, kicking off her flip-flops and tucking her legs under her. The box of doughnuts had been put down on the coffee table next to my OJ.

"Nice collection you have here," Jennifer said, looking away from the literature to smile at me.

"Thanks, Jennifer. I like to read." I smiled back and walked over to her, offering her the money. She shook her head and pointed over at Shelly.

I shrugged and turned, slowly walking over to the couch. When I stopped in front of her, Shelly sat up and stared at my tenting boxers directly in front of her face. I think Lincoln was laughing his ass off at the situation as I waved the bill in front of her cherub face.

"Oh, a five? Sorry, we don't have any change," Shelly said, taking the money from me.

"Don't worry about it. We'll call it a tip for the delivery," I joked.

"Awww, you're a sweetie. I love a man who is a good tipper," she replied.

"Yeah, I like getting a nice tip for my effort," Jennifer whispered into my ear, sneaking up behind me.

The thrill of her sexy voice, the playful banter, and the close proximity of these two sultry creatures kept my cock throbbing. Jennifer was leaning against me now, pushing her breasts against my back and rubbing my shoulders with her delicate hands. My body tightened and shivered at the touch. I couldn't believe this was happening.

"Now I want some of this tip," Shelly giggled and reached up, rubbing my cock through my boxers. I looked down at her and she flashed me a naughty grin, leaning her face closer to me.

Jennifer leaned around me and watched as Shelly slowly tugged my boxers down. My rigid slab of flesh swung and swayed in front of Shelly's face. Both girls quietly stared for a second at my hard throbbing cock. Jennifer slid her hand down my belly and grasped my erect shaft by the base. She shook it and pumped it a few times in her fist, lifting it up to point at Shelly's face.

"Holy Shit, he shaves his balls!" Shelly giggled as she got an up-close look at me. Her small hand grazed against my thigh and cupped my swinging ballsack. I moaned and pushed my hips forward as these two cuties attended to my cock and balls.

"That's cool. I shave, too," Jennifer hissed, leaning up to lick my neck.

My hands instinctively wrapped around Jennifer's lean body as I tilted down to kiss her. For just a second, I held her face inches from mine, staring into those incredible eyes. The kiss was amazing. Her tender lips melted against mine and her delicate pink tongue darted into my mouth. She sucked on my bottom lip and pressed her firm frame against my side.

Only one thing in the world could have pulled me away from the pleasure of that kiss and it happened just then. Shelly leaned forward and took my rockhard cock into her wet mouth. Her plump lips closed around the shaft just bellow the head, tightened into a ring, and she pushed against me; my thick cock sliding into her incredible mouth inch by inch. I gasped and turned my face from Jennifer to look down at the source of this tidalwave of pleasure. Shelly's eyes were open and staring up at me. Her face lit up when she saw the look of ecstasy on mine. Damn, it felt so good. 

I ran my hands over Jennifer's body as she kissed my chest and neck, but all my attention was focused on Shelly. We pink lips glistened as they slid up and down my shaft. Opening her mouth wider, she made sure I could see her tongue lick the bottom of my throbbing cock. When I reached down with on hand to stroke her hair, she lowered her mouth down on my cock and started to bob her head up and down on it. The sounds of the slurping and smacking turned me on so much. My fingers tightened their grip in her hair and my other hand squeezed Jennifer's ass so hard I almost lifted her off the ground.

"Ohhh... he like that!" Jennifer giggled and smiled down at Shelly. Then she turned back and warned me, "but why don't we double the fun?"

With those naughty words, Jennifer dropped to her knees. She scooted close up to Shelly and ran her hands up my thighs. Her hand covered Shelly's hand around the base of my cock and they both gently pumped me into Shelly's hot mouth. With a pop, Shelly let my cock spring out. I almost lost control when I saw the string of wetness dangling in the air from my cockhead to her glistening lips. Jennifer moaned and used the wetness to lube up my shaft. I used one of her cute pigtails as a handle as she began to suck and stroke my rock hard member. 

I'll remember the next few minutes for the rest of my life. These two sexy coeds took turns giving me head and pleasuring my throbbing cock. Jennifer liked to lick my cock like a lollipop; dragging her tongue from the base to the tip. Shelly was better at taking it deep into her mouth until her lips almost reached the base. They both stroked me and pumped me with their small soft hands and Shelly once or twice went down to lick at my heavy, swaying balls.

As Jennifer slid both her hands up and down my slick cock, Shelly scrambled to her feet. Stepping a foot away, she pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it on the recliner. Not wasting any time, her white bra soon quickly followed it and I had a view of her gorgeous breasts. They were big... very big. I would guess a 38C. Whatever they were, they looked huge and inviting on her small frame. I reached out to cup them, but she giggled and pushed my hands away.

"Wait, I'm not done yet," she smiled and slid her hands down her tits and belly. With my eyes turning from her breasts to Jennifer's busy hands, Shelly reached down and lifted her skirt, bunching it at her waist. Her tiny hands tugged at her white panties and she pushed them down her legs and stepped out of them. I licked my lips and my eyes widened when I caught sight of her shaved and puffy pussy.

"Now you can touch me," she sighed as she moved into my arms. "And later, you can fuck me."

"Mmmm... and after that; you can fuck me, too," moaned Jennifer.

"Sounds like fun to me..."

Don't worry... more to come. Tell me you like it.