 I'm laying here, still hog tied on the lawn. The sorority sister removed my blindfold before she left. I guess that was to add to the humiliation, I had to watch as people passed me by. Some were in cars, avoiding me. Some, hanging out the window, pointing and laughing. I continued to lay there as daylight passed. It would be dusk son, and no one bothered to come up to me. That was until now. I was watching two girls walking up to me. One of them, a blonde girl, says, "Hey, are you alright?"

"For the most part, yes. Do you think you can untie me?" I say.

Before the girl could respond, her friend nudges her. She points at my ass. "Oh," the girl says. "OH." She smiles and slowly walks up to me. She's wearing a short skirt, and as she inches closer, I can see she isn't wearing any panties. I feel myself starting to become erect at the sight. As I do so, a moist pair of lips purse around my dick, and a tongue swirls around the head. I moan lightly and raise my head. I see the other girl starting to suck my dick. The blonde squats down and sits on my face. It's obvious what I'm supposed to do, so I start lciking at her clit, and suck on her lips throughout the lapping. She moans loudly. "See, college life isn't so bad," the blonde says to her friend.

The other girl pulls my dick out of her mouth. "Not so bad for you, you're not the one sucking some random guy's dick."

"Don't worry-oh! As soon as he makes me cum, we can switch." The blonde starts to grind my mouth. "Besides, the way he's looking at me, I think he wants me to suck his dick anyways." She winks at me and continues to ride my mouth. I continue to lick her while her friend bobs her head up and down on my dick. I can feel myself getting harder, and the blonde starts to shake her hips. She lets out several moans; I can taste her juices as they saturate my lips. "Okay, I came. Your turn."

The blonde gets up from my mouth and switches with her friend. Her friend slips out of her jeans and undies, and then sits on my mouth as well. She's blushing. It actually turns me on a bit, and I ferociously attack her clit with my tongue. She let's out a few high-pitched moans, and the blonde laughs. She then takes my erect dick into her hand. She lowers her mouth onto it, and all at once, deep throats my entire length. She buries it in and out of her mouth, and begins to suck and lick it with great enthusiasm.

It's the sloppiest, sluttiest blow job in my life. I can feel my dick pulsating, and the blonde suddenly grabs my balls tightly. "We're just getting started. You can't cum yet." I groan as the blonde keeps my balls tightly held, and continues to slurp on my dick. The girls continued to do this, taking turns at me pleasing them and them pleasing me. Soon, it's dusk, and a few more of the sorority girls come by.

"Looks like our pledges did their job. He's rock hard," one of the sisters say.

"Good job, girls. Now, help us out," the lead sister says.

"Yes sister, the girls say." They hoist me up and put me into the trunk of a car. They gag and blindfold me. The trunk is dark and cramped, but it's not horribly unpleasant. I can feel myself lying down on a soft towel, with a bag of objects pressing against my back.

Soon, the trunk clicks open. Again, the girls hoist me up. I can hear loud music and talking in the background. This must be the party the girls were talking about. The girls bring me to my feet, and lead me into a house. My naked body is groped and grabbed at several times. The girls set me down on a cold, wooden floor, and remove the blindfold. I'm lying there, in the center of a crowded room, circled by many girls, and still hogtied. That's when I realize that this is the big sorority bash of all female Grecians on campus. Most of them are smirking down at me, their eyes scanning my naked, exposed body. One of the girls, the head sister from earlier, whistles. "Girls, the fun has arrived. We have a new boy toy to break in tonight to celebrate all of our new sisters. Make your big sisters proud and show this boy what it means to be a slut for the night!"

A large, plastic container is set down next to me. I look over; it's filled to the brim with sex toys: harnesses, dildos, butt plugs, vibrators, bondage gear, and much more. One of the girls begins to hand out the toys like party favors, while a group of girls untie me. They sit me up, turn me around, and force me forward onto my hands and knees, like a dog. It's like déjà vu all over again. But this time, one girl tilts my face up gently, initiating a kiss by nibbling and sucking on my lips. Meanwhile, other girls stroke my thighs, tease my balls, stomach, and taint.

Suddenly, a lubed finger slides into my ass. I groan in pleasure as it curls around my prostate. Gently, the girl starts to finger me, gradually entering more fingers, as she expands and massages my ass until she has 4 fingers inside me. Meanwhile, the girl kissing me slides her hot, wet tongue across my lips, demanding entrance with gentle force. With a moan, I oblige, and open my mouth. I feel her tongue swirl around mine as she enters. Then, another warm, wet tongue licks at the tip of my steadily engorging dick. Before long, I become so swollen that my dick is throbbing with pleasure. I groan with delight as the girl starts sucking on my cock, bobbing her head, and sucking tightly, mimicking a pussy with her mouth.

The girl sucking my cock soon withdraws, and she slips a vibrating cock ring on my large, bulging member. She turns it on, sending amazing vibrations through my dick. I never felt such intensity along my shaft. The other two girls then retreat suddenly. I open my eyes in surprise, wondering why they left. Even more girls are standing around me; a good portion of them are wearing harnesses with dicks of varying lengths and girths. I watch as they slowly approach me. One girl kneels down in front of me, and shoves her dick into my mouth. It's small, but slightly thick. Then, I feel the hard tip of another dick bumping into my ass. Slowly, it slides in, filling me up. I cry out in pleasure as the girl slowly thrusts deeper and deeper into my ass, spreading it wide with 10 inches of silicone.

Meanwhile, the other girl starts to thrust her dick into my mouth. She grabs my head and forces me to suck her cock. The other girl thrusts harder and faster, and my moans of pleasure grow louder and louder. The girls are jeering at me, calling me filthy words, and loving the sight of watching me get humiliated, fucked senseless, and my clear enjoyment of it all. I notice some of the girls are recording the show on their phones, while another has a hand held camera, and is filming every last moment.

Another girl slides underneath me; she begins to tease my cock with her mouth. She slides my entire cock deep into her throat, sheathing my entire dick inside her. The girl behind me retracts, and I let out a loud gasp as 10" of dick suddenly disappear from my ass. Another cock is pushed in, and I whimper with pleasure. The girls continue to fuck me like this for what feels like a euphoric eternity.

I begin to feel the hot, coiling, sensational pressure of my orgasm building with each thrust from behind. Finally, with a near scream, ecstasy fills my body, crashing over my senses. Hot, thick cum gushes into the girl's mouth, and she swallows it, greedily gulping it down as my dick spasms. As I come down from the high, the other girls withdraw. The head sister then reaches down, and I notice the collar and leash still attached to my neck. She grabs it, and yanks on me to follow her. I thought the night was coming to an end, but it was merely a warm up, a taste of things to come - and the fun was just beginning.