 In Richard's Rules, Richard Shepherd spent the weekend with five girls. While it was obvious that at least some of the girls indicated an interest in others, the point of the beach weekend was for the girls to try to wear Richard out. Richard's three fraternity brothers were also left out. One, Joel, was even an annoyance to the girls with his lame pickup lines. At the end of the story, though, one of the girls shouted an invitation to Joel to come and visit her in the fall. In this chapter Joel and his fraternity brothers plan their September visit, and we learn some more about the girls. Subsequent chapters will follow the flow of the weekend visit.

*****

Joel leaned back in his chair in Richard Shepherd's room of Alpha Delta fraternity at Western State University. The front legs came off the floor as he stared at the beer bottle in his hand. Richard tucked his shirt in and pulled a tie out of the closet as Frank straddled another chair and Eddie sat on the edge of the bed.

"So, who you going out with tonight?" Eddie asked.

"Frances Gert."

Frank frowned. "Do we know her?"

"Maybe. She is in Dr. Bartholomew's history class with us. She has auburn hair and a nice smile. She sits way in the back."

"Oh, I think I know who she is. Man, you must have dated every girl on campus and half the girls over at Collins."

Joel groused "Yeah, and they always call him. Tell me Richard, when was the last time you asked a girl out?"

Richard laughed "Oh, sometime in high school."

Joel shook his head. "I just don't understand it."

Frank leaned over and gave Joel a playful punch on the arm. "Joel, you haven't learned anything. Didn't the weekend at the beach last April give you a clue? Don't you understand the Rules? Girls like to be treated with respect. It's hard to break old dating habits, but I find the Rules working for me, too. Freshman year I sweated every weekend wondering if a girl I was going to ask out would accept. Now they almost always are eager to accept. Word gets around."

"Rules, schmules. They still sound silly to me. It's always been up to the guys to go after the girls. It's the way it's supposed to be."

"And how is that working out for you?"

"I have my share of successes. I've scored plenty."

"Wouldn't you like to have the girls throw themselves at you like they do Richard?"

"Nah. What's the fun in that? It's the hunt, man. That's what's exciting. Hunt them down and take them to bed. That's the way the world is supposed to work." Joel set his empty bottle on the floor. "Hey, Richard, got any more?"

"Sorry, Joel. That was the last of it. I'm all out. I don't run a bar here, you know. Go get your own."

Joel put his chair down suddenly and snapped his fingers. "That's it! Get my own! Mention of that weekend at the beach last spring and talk of girls gives me an idea."

"Uh, oh," Eddie laughed. "I can hardly wait to hear this."

Joel leaned forward. "Remember that as the girls were leaving, after they all had screwed Richard, one of them called out of the car and invited me down to visit. The real tall one. What was her name now...Doris! That was it. I'm just going to take her up on that invitation and get myself down to Sarah Smith and pop in on Delta Omega Gamma sorority. Just think, a whole new crop of girls! Are you guys in?"

"That's quite a trip. Must be six or seven hours. When are you planning this excursion?" Frank wanted to know.

"Well, I'm thinking maybe in a couple of weeks, before we get too deep into the semester."

"Do you plan to just show up? What if she's not there? Or worse, what if she has a boyfriend?"

Joel momentarily screwed his face up, then brightened. "Good point. I'll just shoot her a letter and remind her of her invitation. I'll word it so she can't refuse."

Richard laughed as he put on his blazer. "You and those lines of yours. Seriously, though, Joel, thanks for the invitation to go with you, but I don't think I'll go. After the beach weekend some of them know me and I might prove to be a distraction. You three go and I'm sure you will find the girls to be all you hope for."

Joel challenged him "Yeah? Well you never shared any details about that weekend. Give us the lowdown. Who should we approach first, other than Doris? Man that Amazon looked hot to trot!"

The three got up as Richard reached for the door and stated in a matter-of-fact tone "You know I don't tell details. That's part of building trust. I will say, though, that you will find Doris to be all you can imagine, and all you can handle."

Joel's eyes lit up. "Come on, Richard. What's the lowdown on her?"

Richard held up his hand in a 'stop' position. "I'll say no more, but you saw how she acted while you were spinning your lines. I think she was sizing you up. I hope you haven't bitten off more that you can chew!"

Joel rubbed his hands together. "That's what I like to hear! So guys, are you in?"

*********************************************************************

Lisa searched the halls of the second floor living quarters at Delta Omega Gamma. "Margaret? Sis? Are you here?"

Doris poked her head out of her room, holding a handful of unopened mail. "Your sister went to the library. She said something not wanting you come over and bug her. Don't you have some freshman thing to do?"

Lisa put her hands on her hips and scowled at Doris. "Well, I am thinking of rushing. Maybe I'll rush here."

Doris laughed "Yeah, right. Like Margaret would let you in."

"There are other sororities."

Doris gave her a skeptical look. "You've always said, even back when we were all in high school, that you didn't think you were a sorority girl. Go back to your dorm and do whatever dormies do."

Lisa started toward the stairs when she heard Doris exclaim "Holy shit."

Startled, Lisa retraced her steps and peered in Doris' room, where she found Doris holding a letter she had just opened. Doris glanced up at Lisa's quizzical look and said "Do you know who just wrote? That guy Joel from Western State. You remember, one of Richard's friends."

"The pest?"

"Yeah, him. I sort of lightheartedly invited him for a visit to see what he was made of, never thinking for a moment he would take me up on it. It appears he would like to come down later this month. Well, well. I guess we'll find out if he was all bluster or if he can back up his come-ons." She glanced down at the letter and read some more. "And, he is bringing some other guys with him! Now, that sounds like a party! Come to think of it, we have a house party planned in a couple of weeks."

Lisa, suddenly interested, asked "Is Richard coming?"

"You'd like that, wouldn't you? Maybe you could talk him into popping your cherry this time."

Lisa turned bright red. "I wanted him to do it then, but he wouldn't. Maybe now that I'm in college he can..." Words died on her lips.

Doris put the letter down and stood up, her six foot four frame towering over Lisa's five foot two. "While you're here, there's something I want to show you." She unbuttoned her blouse and shrugged it off, thrusting her chest out. "What do you think? Is this it? Is this the one you have?"

Lisa gaped. 

"Come on, Lisa. Show it. Remember, you are with the big girls now. Let's see."

Lisa hesitantly unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it open, exposing her bra. Doris pushed Lisa's blouse off and eyed the bra, then reached out to touch it. Lisa flinched.

"For goodness sake, hold still while I compare." Doris ran her hand over Lisa's smooth, soft satin bra, noting how Lisa twitched when her nipples were touched. "Still sensitive, huh? Well, what do you think? Is this one I got the same as yours?"

"It looks like it."

"Looks aren't everything. How does it feel? Does it feel like yours? Go on, touch it. I want to know if I really got one like yours."

Lisa tentatively touched a bra-clad breast, but Doris urged "Go on, for heaven's sake. We're both girls. I'm not going to slap you."

Lisa felt around the breast and rubbed over the nipple so easily discerned beneath the thin fabric. Doris closed her eyes and noted the sensations of Lisa's touch. "Yeah, I think I got the right one. It was just where you said it was - in the girl's department, not the ladies. I never thought I would ever be shopping there again. I like this bra better than that gauzy transparent thing I had with me at the beach. But tell me, can you see my nipples? Are they as noticeable under the fabric as yours are?"

"Uh, yeah."

Doris felt her own breast and then pulled Lisa's bra up so a breast was exposed, then fondled it and sighed "God I wish mine were like yours. You still have a perfect cone shape and even a conical nipple. I think I would play with them all the time if mine were like yours. Do you play with them?"

"No...well, not usually." She sighed "Sometimes, when I remember how Richard touched me."

Doris unhooked her bra and took it off and before Lisa could react, reached over and removed Lisa's as well. Lisa crossed her arms over her chest as Doris held the two bras side by side for comparison. "Yes, I'm glad I saw yours last spring. I like it when guys touch my boobs, and this bra makes me feel like they are touching skin, not some lacey fabric. I like that it doesn't have any wires, either. The touching even feels good with my clothes on. Of course, the clothes don't stay on very long, but I like to get a head start on my pleasure."

Doris cocked her head and looked at Lisa. "You really liked it the way Richard...touched you, didn't you?"

Lisa was somewhat embarrassed and hesitant to continue the conversation, but nodded.

Doris sighed. "Me, too. Richard is the only guy so far who could satisfy me. I mean really satisfy me. He could make me come just with his hands. Well, his hands and tongue. He did that for you too, didn't he? Of course he did, since you're still a virgin and I heard your screaming orgasm when he had you and Emily upstairs."

Lisa blushed and was speechless at the frank sex talk from Doris.

Doris sat on her extra-long bed and patted next to her for Lisa to sit also. "To tell the truth, Lisa, I remember how his touch felt, too. No guy since has been able to match it. Believe me, I tried all summer. They all want to get right to the screwing, they don't take any time to really please me. They don't seem to know how."

"Richard taught me about it, too."

Doris put her arm around Lisa's shoulders and rubbed her arm. "Yeah. It felt good. Did he have you close your eyes? Remember it?"

Lisa closed her eyes as she remembered how Richard slowly brought her to arousal, a memory so vivid she could feel it there in Doris's room. Doris saw Lisa's reverie and slowly moved her touch down Lisa's arm. Her other hand softly caressed Lisa's leg over her skirt. Gradually Doris trailed her fingers up over Lisa's abdomen to her bare breast. Lisa sighed and swallowed hard. As Doris caressed the sensitive nipple Lisa's mouth came open and her breathing became more rapid. Doris slid a hand up under the skirt and caressed the mound through moistening underwear. "Remember how he did this?" she murmured into Lisa's ear.

"Oh, yes!" Lisa croaked out in a hoarse whisper.

With every touch of the nipple Lisa became more aroused and Doris slid a hand into Lisa's underwear. Lisa whimpered as Doris' fingers explored. The two of them fell on their sides on the bed and Doris carefully removed Lisa's panties and skirt while lowering her mouth to Lisa's breast. When Doris returned a hand to the soft red hair between Lisa's legs and touched the clitoris Lisa began to writhe against her hand. Doris knew just where to touch and soon, with a loud moan Lisa climaxed, slamming her hand over Doris', rubbing it between her labia while using her other hand to push Doris's head down hard on a breast.

Doris held Lisa in an embrace until she came back to earth.

Lisa opened her eyes, still panting. "What did we just do?"

Doris stroked Lisa's long silky red hair. "We just remembered Richard. Wasn't that how it felt?"

Lisa closed her eyes again and sighed "Oh god, yes."

When Lisa finally relaxed she rolled on her back, staring at the ceiling. "Was that wrong? What you just did, I mean."

"It was a memory. It wasn't me, it was Richard."

"I guess, when you put it like that."

Doris propped herself on an elbow. "You know, I have memories of that weekend, too."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I'd like to re-experience Richard, just like you."

Lisa's eyes widened. "You mean you want me to..."

Doris touched Lisa on the arm. "I don't want you to do anything. I want Richard to do it, but he's not here. You remember all his moves. If I close my eyes I can remember, too. I just need a little help to feel Richard's touch. When I try it myself it just isn't the same."

Doris rolled on her back and removed her own skirt and panties, then closed her eyes. Lisa looked over the tall, slender girl with the platinum hair and pale skin.

Doris whispered "Richard, where are you?"

Lisa was unsure what to do, but was guided by how she remember Richard touching her and Doris' recent reenactment of that.

Lisa swallowed and then tentatively touched Doris' arm, bringing forth a sigh. Lisa played with Doris' hair, then ran her fingers lightly over Doris, from her face to her feet and up the inside of her thighs, skimming over the pale hair to travel up the abdomen to Doris's breasts, which she gently caressed, and slowly ran a thumb over a nipple. Each touch brought another sigh from the tall girl. Lisa paused as she held her other hand poised over the glistening hair between Doris's legs, hesitating. Another nipple caress brought forth a low moan of pleasure and Lisa dropped her hand, fingers working between the labia. Doris spread her legs and brought her knees up. Lisa found the clitoris and tried to touch it as she thought Richard, and just now Doris, had touched her. 

Doris reached down and grasped Lisa's hand, guiding fingers to her vaginal entrance. When Lisa only rubbed around it Doris grabbed her first two fingers and thrust them inside. Lisa had never experienced such a thing and was unsure what to do next, but Doris guided her hand so the fingers went in and out, and a thumb played along the exposed clitoris.

Lisa's other hand continued to knead a breast and play with a nipple, but Doris also guided Lisa's head down to use her mouth on a breast. Lisa, somewhat awkwardly, sucked and ran her tongue over the nipple. Doris began to moan and thrash around on the bed. When Lisa removed her fingers from the vagina, Doris grabbed her hand and shoved them back in. Lisa was surprised at the wetness her hand experienced as Doris thrashed about more wildly, until she grabbed Lisa's hair and pulled her up for a hard kiss as she moaned into Lisa's mouth. 

At last Doris held still while she recovered, and Lisa gingerly removed her hands from Doris' body. In a few minutes Doris opened her eyes. "Damn! Just like Richard!"

She rolled on her side, her pale blue eyes looking into Lisa's green eyes. "How about you? Was it really like Richard?" 

"Oh, boy, yes! But I'm still not sure it was right."

"Look, Lisa. This was all just a memory of something that happened last spring. Sadly, I've not felt anything like it since then. Until just now. You know, you do a pretty good Richard impersonation. Now if you only had a cock it would be perfect."

Lisa blushed yet again, then got up and dressed. As she was about to leave the room she turned to Doris. "I don't know what to make of you, Doris. I know you've always been considered fast, but I never imagined you doing anything like this."

"Remember, Lisa. This was all in your head."

"Yeah, right. I'll try to tell that to my still quivering body."

The next morning, Saturday, Doris went down to the bathroom to take a shower. Water was already running in one of the shower stalls.

"Yoo-hoo! Who's here?"

Betty stuck her head out from behind a shower curtain. "Hey, Doris."

"Hi, Betts. Before I take my shower I've got some news."

"What's up?"

"Guess who I heard from? That guy Joel from Western State."

"You mean the annoying one from last spring?"

Doris laughed. "Yeah, him. He's coming for a visit."

Betty screwed up her face.

"He's bringing two fraternity brothers with him."

Betty brightened. "Is Richard...?"

"No. The other two."

Betty's face fell. "Darn. I wish Richard would come."

"Yeah. We had a good time. Hey, didn't Richard start out with you in the shower?"

Betty laughed. "Yeah. I had him wash the beach sand off me."

Doris was pensive for a moment. "Show me."

"What?"

"Show me what you told him to do. How did he do it? Did he screw you in the shower?"

"Doris! Such language!"

"Well, that's just me. Really. Show me. I want to know."

Betty gave an exasperated sigh and said "This is crazy, but okay." She held the shower curtain for Doris to get in.

Betty said "I've never taken a shower with another girl before."

"Sure you have."

"When."

"Freshman orientation. Remember, we all had to do some sort of swimming test in the pool. We all showered together afterward. And by the way you worded your comment, does that imply you've showered with a guy?"

Betty blushed. "Certainly not!"

Doris raised her eyebrows.

"Well, except for Richard."

"Exactly. What did he do?"

"I had him help me wash shampoo out of my hair."

"Okay, I can do that." Doris ran her hands through Betty's luxurious long black hair as Betty stood under the water. When all the soap was out Doris stepped back. "Then what?"

"I gave him the soap and he washed my back."

Doris took soap and washed Betty's back, down to and including between her butt cheeks. Betty blushed again.

"Then what?"

"Well, he reached around and did my front."

"Like this?" Doris reached soapy hands around Betty and washed her breasts and stomach.

"Um, I think I told him there was some stuck underneath."

"Gotcha." Doris ran her hands under Betty's breasts, lifting each one in turn.

"I don't think we should be doing this. Someone might come in and get the wrong idea."

"Who? We are the only ones left on this floor. Everyone else has gone home for the weekend. Even Margaret left early this morning to pick up Lisa from her dorm and leave. What next?"

"He, um, knelt in front of me and...well you don't have to do that. You get the idea."

"No, no, no. I'm trying to recreate something here. It is an idea I got the other day when Lisa came by my room and we started talking about Richard. There are some things about that weekend that are worth remembering. Just show me what he did. So he knelt down in front of you like this?"

"Yeah. And he...he...washed some more."

"I think I get the idea what he did. I imagine he was rather taken by what he saw. As I said during the beach weekend, very nice, Betts."

Betty blushed another of her trademark blushes, but Doris lathered up her hands and proceeded to emulate Richard, shampooing the straight black hair and washing imaginary sand out from between Betty's labia.

"Ooh. I see what he saw next. Here it comes. Hello there you gorgeous thing!" Doris gently stroked the clitoris that had begun to protrude well out from its hiding place and Betty gasped. "Don't do that!"

"Why not? Don't tell me Richard didn't do it or that you don't like it. I told you when we jumped Richard on the sofa that one day I'd like to play with it, but right now we're talking about Richard. What did he do?"

"He...he...washed it very carefully. God, his touch felt so good. I told him that that thing scares off a lot of guys. They think I'm deformed or worse, that I'm a boy in disguise."

"Betty, this thing is wonderful! I wish I had one like it." Doris leaned in to closely examine Betty's large protruding clit, looking so like a short penis, and rubbed it between her fingers.
