 “Perfect!” screamed Jeff, “This is fucking perfect!” It absolutely was not perfect. In fact this was horrible. Jeff’s car just overheated on the most deserted road in Texas. “Fuuuck!” He screamed into open car engine. The was the worst thing that could have happened. And he only had, he checked his watch, 4 more hours!

The AC had gone a couple miles back, but it was humid as hell out here. He’d dressed in a suit when he started his cross state race. It was turning out to be one hell of a race. Now He was wearing the shirt and slacks, and the shirt was drenched with sweat. He’d wanted to look nice, because that’s what you do when you go to break up your ex-girlfriends wedding, right?

He walked around the car and headed to the drivers seat. He pulled his cell phone out of the charger. The 2 most perfect words flashed across the screen “NO SIGNAL”. Yup, PERFECT! He slipped the phone into his pocket, grabbed the back pack from his back seat, a bottle of water, his blazer, and his keys. He shut the door and started to walk.

He’d walked for about five minuets when he heard a faint humming. He looked over his shoulder, it couldn’t be. It would seem his luck was beginning to turn. He noticed a cloud of smoke and a glint of light. He stopped dead in the road as it got closer. It was a car! He stuck out his thumb and stood in the middle of the road. The car was in plain view now and headed right towards him. He frowned as he realized the car was still going pretty fast. It was a mustang convertible, he knew that much. The car swerved around him then came to a screeching halt 15 feet in front of him. He jogged up to the car. The stereo was blaring some really bad pop music but he put on his best smile. He didn’t notice the people in the car until he smiled, slightly out of breath to the driver.

The driver smiled and bent to turn down the radio then turned back to him.  “Hi” She smiled. The girl before him was gorgeous, she had pale skin and large breasts. He caught himself just before she realized he was staring. She wore big dark sunglasses that hid her eyes.

“Hey” He said, he didn’t know what else to say.

She smiled, “is that your car back there?”

“Yeah, um would you mind giving me a ride, I’m in a bit of a hurry.” God he sounded lame.

“I dunno, think we have room?” she said to her fellow travelers. Jeff didn’t realize there had been other people. Looking down on the car he noticed a beautiful brunette in the passenger seat, and 2 more blondes in the back who smiled and waived at him. His mouth hung open but he didn’t care, these girls were gorgeous.

The brunette girl in the front turned to those in the back. “Is there any room back there?” she asked. He took the opportunity to observe her. She wore tight cut off jeans and a pink tank top. Her thighs were strong and her waist small. Her tits showed little cleavage. 

“Gee, I don’t know…” one of the blondes in the back responded. He turned to her and gave a sheepish smile almost pleading.

“Well,” the other blonde said, “I think I can make room right here” her hand rubbed the middle seat as she smiled at him. The blonde in the right hand back seat had that platinum too blonde obviously from a bottle hair. She wore a green and white halter top and white cut off shorts. She looked like a wealthy daddy’s girl. The other blonde had more of a natural cinnamon blonde hair. She still rubbed the seat next to her and smiled. The brunette noticed her coy smile and started to giggle. But Jeff kept his eyes on the blonde; she had curly blonde hair and had dark blue eyes. She was busty and wore a blue tube top and a short denim skirt.

“Well,” the driver said. “if there’s room I guess we could let you hitch a ride.” I smiled and turned to thank her but she kept speaking before he could. “as long as you aren’t some maniac and we need to know your name because we don’t ride with strangers.”

Jeff grinned, “Well ladies, I’m Jeff and I am not a maniac.”

The driver grinned, “works for me,”

“me too” came in unison for the other girls, and they all giggled.

“Well, I don’t ride with strangers either.” He smiled.

The girls giggled again. A noise he had never thought could turn him on so much.  The driver spoke first after the bout of giggles, “I’m Ashley”

The brunette smiled wide, “I’m Danielle.”

He couldn’t help but let his eyes scan up and down her body. He turned to the platinum daddy’s little girl blonde, “I’m Kimie”

He nodded to her. Then to the more busty blonde “And I’m Carly”

“Ok”, Jeff said, “I guess we’re all friends now.” Ashley opened the door and pulled her seat forward and Jeff squeezed into the back seat with Carly to his left and Kimie to his right. Danielle pushed her seat back and closed the door. 

“Everybody ready?” Danielle asked excitedly.

The three girls screamed “yeah!” as Ashley stepped on the gas. The wind whipped through their hair as the drove through the deserted roads. Jeff was trying not to let his knees fall wide against the girls, he wasn’t sure he they were flirting or just toying with him.

“So,” he asked hopefully loud enough to include everyone. “what brings you ladies out here?”

The giggled again. Damn he liked that. Shit stop it Jeff you’re a grown man, well not technically grown… he was 29, a good age not quiet out of youth but slowly getting there. Danielle spoke first,

“Well,” She’d turned in her front seat so she could talk to those in the back. “The girls and I just finished our freshman year at State University, and we’re sorority sisters so we decided to end the year with a road trip!” She squealed excitedly.

Carly turned to her right letting her knees bump his legs. “We’re Kappa Pi Mu Girls” she said into his ear. She also stuck out her chest. He hadn’t noticed but all the girls wore those Greek letters on their tops. Jeff couldn’t help but smile.

She placed her hand on his thigh and smiled at him, “What brings you out here?” she asked.

Kimmie too snuggled closer to him but in a more demure way. He raised his arms and put them around the girls but kept them mounted on the seatback. What DID bring him here… heat… suit…wedding…”Sarah’s wedding!” he said out loud in an almost daze.

“Who’s Sarah?” Kimmie asked.

Shit, how could he still be thinking about her especially in this situation? “She was…is my ex-girlfriend.” The girls all leaned in with concern. 

“Was it a bad break up?” asked Kimmie

“That’s rude” chided Danielle

“No, its ok” Jeff said, he really didn’t know what brought him out here. “I dated her about a year ago and we had a really bad break up. She cheated on me but that was because she only dated me because I was her best friend, she never loved me. So we stayed best friends, and she’s getting married today. I was invited but refused to go, but now I know I have to go tell her that this guy isn’t good enough for her.”

Awwwww’s filled the car and Jeff looked from girl to girl.

“That’s so romantic!” Danielle sobbed.

“So what makes her fiancé not good enough for her?” Ashley asked.

Jeff thought for a moment. “I dunno, I mean I don’t want her to be with me if she isn’t happy but I want someone whos good to take care of her.” Kimmie and Carly both snuggled in closer. Jeff took his time but put his arms around the girls giving them a little squeeze.

Ashley spoke again, “If she believes you and stops the wedding under the condition that you are committed to her, would you do it?”

Danielle glared at Ashley in the front. She just shrugged her shoulders “whaaaaaat? I’m just asking.”

“It’s ok, I guess I would commit.” Jeff gulped at the thought. Commitment wasn’t his cup of tea, but he would for Sarah… maybe. 

There was a silence for a moment. Then in the reflection of the rearview mirror he saw Ashley smile. “So that means,” she cleared her through and spoke louder, “this would be like, your bachelor party…right?”

It took a moment of giggling for what she meant to really settle in his understanding. He found himself chuckling a little too.

Danielle slapped Ashley’s arm playfully. “You’re so silly.”

Jeff felt Carly’s hand slide up and down his thigh. He looked down to her and she looked up. There was no mistaking that sultry look. “It would be wouldn’t it?” She said.

Jeff looked to Kimie who was now mimicking Carly. Then to Danielle who watched in slight horror slight excitement. He could still see Ashley smiling. He cleared his through and found his voice, “I guess it would, wouldn’t it?”

Carly licked her lips and pressed herself lightly against him. “You won’t ever get to have anyone else?” She asked arching her eyebrow.

“Carly!!” Danielle cried. But smiled and blushed when the three in the back looked at her.

Kimmie threw her leg over Jeff and kneed his crotch, “You don’t have to watch Danielle.” Jeff couldn’t help but pull her closer by her firm ass. Carly put her hand on Kimmie’s thigh. 

Danielle gave up and turned to the driver, “Ash??”

She just smiled, “I don’t give a shit, it’s a rental.”

Carly reached up from Kimmie’s thigh and unbuttoned his shirt. Kimmie massaged her knee lightly into his pulsing aching groin. He began stroking up and down their backs, stopping once in a while to grab their asses.

Giggling Carly pushed his shirt away and moved her arms up and down his chest. Meanwhile Jeff had moved his hands around her chest and began to cop a feel of her. She looked down and caught his eye playfully. He groaned as Kimmie massaged his groin. “Now, now don’t get greedy.” Carly scolded. 

“Oh,” Jeff mocked, “I’m sorry.”

Carly turned to Kimmie and smiled “Sisters first.” She took off her tube top and stuffed it under the chairs then she took off her lacey strapless bra and revealed her D sized breasts. Kimmie eagerly groped at them and caressed them.  Carly smiled as her sorority sister caressed her. She reached around and untied Kimmie’s halter top and pulled it over her head. B cup breast fell, but they were perky as hell. Carly got to touch first, Jeff didn’t mind watching these two blondes grope at each other. Each of them started licking their lips and eyeing the other. They leaned in and kissed, a sloppy wet, tongue licking kiss. The pulled back giggling and Jeff caressed their tight asses. Carly had a bit of a booty on her while Kimmie was firm and round. The two girls then stratteled each of his legs and pressed their crotched against his thigh. Carly was wearing a short skirt which bunched up at her waist she grinded herself into his thigh, he felt through the pants that she was wearing a g-string. 

He suddenly got the urge to caress every inch of them. He greedily reached out caressing one of each of the girl’s nipples. He caressed all of Carly’s breast and teased Kimmie’s nipple.

He pulled them each closer to him. He pressed Kimmie’s right nipple to his mouth while he caressed her left. He kneed his free hand into Carly’s bosom. He then leaned in and sucked and licked on Kimmie’s other nipple. He then turned to Carly and caressed and took her nipples in his hot wet mouth. He felt Kimmie unzipper his pants. He lifted his ass, holding Carly around the waist and with her nipple in his mouth, so Kimmie could take his pants off. She ripped off also his boxers revealing his swollen throbbing 7 and ½ inch cock. She squealed with delight. He sat back down and watched Kimmie pull back and unzip her shorts. She took them off and showed Jeff her neon green thong. He could see she was damp. And he could feel Carly’s soping wet pussy grinding his thigh. It was as if she was this primitive sex fiend. A girl whom just needed her pussy stimulated. 

Kimmie kept her thong on but bent over and started jerking him off. He groaned into Carlys tits she leaned back against Ashley’s seat and exposed her wet pussy to him. He saw the thin strip of thread being absorbed by her swollen wet lips.

“Are we bothering you Ashley?” Carly asked as she reached over and patted the driver’s head. Jeff had almost forgot about the other 2 girls.

“No you’re fine sweetie, maybe we’ll switch later.” She giggled.

Jeff got hopeful and looked over to Danielle, she had protested to the back seat 3some from the beginning. It looked like her thoughts were changing. He caught her sneaking a glance at them. He also noticed her hand buried in her waistband. Jeff caught Carly’s eyes and angled his head to Danielle, she looked over the seat and grinned.

“Looks like Danielle darling isn’t that much of a good girl after all.” She giggled

She took her hand from her pants and turned to them, face bright red with embarrassment. “I can’t believe you Carly!”

The horny slut just laughed. “Its ok Danielle, you can play, or just watch.”

“Yeah,” Kimmie chimed in, “We don’t mind you watching.” She cupped his balls to get a groan out of him. 

“Go a head.” Even Ashley urged. “We’re taking this trip to have crazy and wild experiences, go for it”

Danielle smiled encouraged by her friends. She unbuttoned her shorts and kicked them to the floor, then she pulled off her pink tank top. She was a small C cub. They were very nice, perky and dark. She noticed her friends kept their panties on, so she did the same. Simple blue bikini cut cotton panties, with a dark blue wet spot just where it should be.

She sat backwards in her seat and watched the back seat action. He hand in her panties ready to go. He looked back at Carly’s soaking wet lips. He caressed a finger up the cloth strip. Then he moved down it. Saturating the end of his finger and causing her to moan. He watched her chest rise as she moaned.

He moved the finger into her slit, just then Kimmie started sucking his balls. It startled him and he jammed his finger into Carly.

She half whined half moaned as he pulled in and out. His free hand caressed Kimmie’s hair, and he watched Danielle fingering herself to the whole thing. Jeff was surprised he didn’t blow a load right there. Could this really be happening??

Kimmie began to suck his dick so he upgraded to 2 fingers in Carly’s tight pussy. Kimmie’s mouth was hot and wet. She moaned as she sucked him and cupped his balls, she was amazing. Carly was obviously enjoying herself, moaning and caressing her tits.

Jeff smiled, “Is she always like this?” he asked absent mindedly.

Ashley laughed out loud. “My rooms next to her’s she gets a lot louder.”

They all laughed. “Shut up” Carly half heartedly protested as Jeff continued to finger her sweet wet pussy. He looked to Danielle whos panties were soaked. He leaned over to whisper to Kimmie, “I want Danielle to join us.”

Kimmie smiled and nodded to him. She crawled between the seats and bent her ass in front of him as she whispered to Danielle. Her green thong had inched into her crack. Her crotch was soaked. 

Next thing he knew Kimmie was pulling Danielle into the back seat with them. Kimmie sat down and moved to remove Danielle’s panties. Once naked Danielle sat on Kimmie’s lap facing Jeff.

“Glad you could join us.” Jeff smiled. He had a well trimmed patch of hair between her thighs that was the same color as the hair on her head. She smiled shyly. 

Kimmie placed her hand on Danielle’s inner thigh inching closer to her friend’s exposed pussy. “Jeff, Danielle’s a good girl.” She aid sliding a finger up her slit. Jeff watched Danielle shiver. He fingered Carly harder and faster, urged on by her moans. 

“Really?” Jeff asked. 

Danielle blushed and nodded.

“So we’re just gonna play around for a little, ok? We’re gonna ease her into it.” Kimmie said as she pressed her finger against the girl’s clit. Jeff smiled, as he felt Carly’s pussy clench on to his finger. She moaned a long sultry moan as she came. He waited till her body relaxed then he pulled out of her pussy. She smiled at him and he blew her a kiss.  He then took his finger and handed it to Danielle, “Would you like some sweetie?” She looked at Kimmie, “Go ahead” she urged her friend.

Danielle leaned forward as Kimmie pressed against her clit, and then she took Jeff’s soaking wet finger in her mouth. Jeff watched her, feeling her tongue explore and taste Carly’s sweet cum. “That a girl” he said while he pulled the fingers from her mouth and caressed her hair. Carly got off Jeff’s leg and sat between him and Kimmie. She put a tender arm around Danielle and pushed her over her lap. She pressed Danielle’s head to Jeff’s cock. 

“Do what we taught you sweetie.” She said rubbing her sorority sister’s ass even dipping her finger between her cheeks. 

Danielle began to lick Jeff’s already swollen and needy cock. She saturated every inch before sucking lightly on the head. Jeff groaned and reached out his hand to press her head lightly to his cock, but he though better of it realizing this was her first time. 

Carly didn’t hesitate to press Danielle down on his cock. Which only caused him to groan more. “Make sure you get as much as you possibly can in. Carly instructed her. Kimmie began caressing Danielle’s pussy as she sucked on Jeff’s cock. Danielle was clumsy at first, lightly sucking and blowing on Jeff’s throbbing shaft. She began to slick when Carly forced her down more. Danielle let the cock slide down her hesitant throat. 

“That’s it.” Carly said.

“I’ll say.” Jeff said petting the girl’s head, entangling his fingers in her hair.

Danielle seemed eager to please and pent over letting more of him suck in. His head tickled the back of her throat and Jeff only groaned. She moaned causing him to remember that Kimmie was fingering her. He looked over and watched Kimmie and Carly work on Danielle’s lower half. Kimmie was feverishly fingering her sister and Carly seemed to be sticking her fingers in her ass. The 2 girls seemed to be in sync with each other. Danielle’s moaning just vibrated off of his cock.

He head bobbed up and down in her lap. Unknowingly, he grabbed a handful of her hair and began moving with her, grinding and pounding to the back of her throat. He knew he was close and wondered if he should pull out, then thought better of it. He always said girls should finish what they start. At that thought he came shooting cum down her throat and holding her head to his cock. He felt her moan and her body gyrate as she came. Kimmie and Carly squealed as they watched Jeff and Danielle cum.

He leaned back on the leather seat as Danielle sat up and licked her cum soaked lips. It was a beautiful sight; her hair was a mess and her lips swollen from sucking. Jeff smiled at her disheveled appearance. He turned his head slightly to watch Carly and Kimmie sucking on their fingers that had been in Danielle’s ass and pussy.

As he slowly got back to his senses he realized Ashley was still driving and she’d been watching through the rearview. Infact, she had her left leg out the driver’s side window, her right leg on the gas, her left hand driving the wheel, and her right hand…

He lifted himself up from the seat and saw her shorts had been kicked off and she was furiously rubbing her clit as she drove. He turned to Danielle.

“Sweetie, why don’t you take over for Ashley, she’s been driving for a while.”

Danielle didn’t say a word. She climbed over the front seat as Ashley adjusted herself and took off the rest of her clothes. Danielle sat between Ashley’s legs and took over driving for her, to get up and step over the back seat and fall into Jeff’s arms.

She’d taken off her sunglasses and had deep green eyes. “You picked the right day to have your car break down didn’t you?” She giggled as she wiggled her bum into his groin lightly enough to make him to accidentally let a soft moan escape. She giggled even more when she heard the noise.

He thought for a moment about Sarah and his plan to win her back. His hands instinctively covered Ashley’s round and firm breasts and she leaned back to him. He watched his hands grope her breasts and she grinded her ass into his groin again.
