 This is a recollection of things that were, could have been, and dreamed of. The names of the fun-loving have been altered, as has the name of the Sorority. Any similarities to others is purely incidental.

*****

My sorority sisters and I hadn't seen Lacy in several years. Three of us decided to mix business with pleasure, when two of us had to go to California on a company trip. Jane and myself both work for a wholesale distributor that has warehousing on both coasts. She and I were supposed to revamp the catalog system at San Francisco. We got a hold of Cynthia, who lived in Dallas, and invited her to join us for the first weekend. Connections made, all three of us got in to San Francisco late on Friday night..

I had talked to Lacy, and found out her hunk of a husband was playing in a band in nearby Oakland. Chris was 6'3", weighed about 210, and had a "to die for" radio voice. That deep, resonant tone that just sent chills all the way down to my belly. I was getting wet just remembering the last time I heard him talking. Jane and Cyndy agreed that we must see Chris play, and hoped our `sister' was there, too.

A knowledgeable taxi driver found the night club and deposited us at its front door. The marquis confirmed that the group was there, and the deafening roar as we opened the door cemented that thought. They were rocking the place! We found a table in one corner, and Jane went off in search of the `ladies', while Cyndy and I looked for Lacy. We found her sitting front row (no surprise there) and dragged her back to our table. 

We ordered drinks, Lacy got her Ginger ale (with umbrella) the rest of us had stiff Mai-Tais. Lacy was still the beautiful, small girl she was in school, about 5'4", 135, and nicely shaped. Cyndy was the tallest, almost 5'9", 115, small breasted, with long toned legs. Jane was 5'6" 155, D-cup on top with wide, soft hips. I ran about the middle, 5'5" 130, (a little soft) with firm C-cup breasts, a soft belly, and no butt.

Chris came over when he found we had `napped Lacy, and was spectacularly impressing in his band costume. I melted when he said hello in that deep bass voice, I almost creamed my panties when he kissed my cheek. He had a drink with us, then had to go back onstage. We continued drinking and catching up until closing. Our hotel was nearby, so we invited Lacy and Chris to join us for a night-cap.

The hotel was really nice, and paid for by my company. We had three rooms, a huge bathroom with two showers and a giant hot tub out on a secluded deck overlooking the water. Drinks continued to flow, as did passion. As sorority sisters, we had all shared love with each other at one time or another, and tonight was no exception. Jane and Cyndy wasted no time in stripping to their panties and settling in to the bubbling water of the hot tub. They called us over to join in, but Lacy and I were in heavy `girl-talk' mode. Chris, however, took them up on the offer, and shed all but his jockeys and slid in between the two girls. Jane was all over Cyndy, kissing and groping her tiny A- cup titties, leaning over Chris to do so. Being a red-blooded male, Chris couldn't resist palming the sweet globes of Jane's butt as the bobbed tantalizingly in front of his face. 

His strong, talented fingers soon slipped under Jane's panties to caress bare flesh. She giggled at the first touch, then slid the barrier garment off completely. Cyndy's panties left the tub soon after. Much splashing, giggling and soft moaning brought the scene to our attention, so Lacy and I went to investigate.

What we saw was, Jane and Cyndy in a body lock, kissing hot and fingering each other while floating above Chris' crotch. I don't know if Lacy saw it when I did, but Chris' jockeys were floating off in a corner of the tub. Well, I couldn't pass up a chance like this, so I stripped naked and slid down into the frothy waters.

"C'mon, Lacy! Get in here with us, too!" Cyndy called out when she took a breath.

"You guys go ahead, I might come in a little while." She answered.

"Michele, you sit right here!" Jane said to me softly as she spread her thighs apart.

I slid in between her open legs, my belly rubbing her swollen vulva. I also took the opportunity to suck on her stiff nipples, which made soft moans escape from her throat. I went for her sweet mouth, and we kissed hot. Just a soft and sweet as back in college, we traded tongue for quite a while. Cyndy took the opportunity to float over Chris, and settle down in his lap. 

Her soft cries and rocking body left no doubt that Chris was buried inside her little kitty. His hands were around her waist, guiding her movements, their mouths were locked tightly together. Suddenly, her body quivered and stirred the water. Mewling sounds told us that she was cumming, followed by a deep grunt from Chris. He had joined her in release. 

A panicked look covered his face when he remembered where he was, and who he was with. It eased when he saw the flash of the camera in his wife, Lacy's, hands. She was grinning, and snapping pictures of us! The little voyeur! I tested the scene by moving over and pushing Cyndy over to Jane. My mouth found Chris' cock, and I took it deep in my mouth. MMMMM I could taste Cyndy on him, as well as his own salty flavor. I kept him hard with my tongue before I straddled his six inch stick.

It felt so hot, as compared to the water in the tub. The firm, rippled shaft slid easily into my hungry body. My clitoris rubbed softly on the hard bone above Chris' cock. Filled with his pulsing cock, I rode him to a quick cum of my own. Jane was right there to take my station, and finished Chris off with her tight body sliding on his cock. Lacy continued to snap photos, as we all switched and swapped. Girl-girl, girl-boy, even girl, boy, girl! I was wishing we had another boy, when Lacy surprised us by getting in the tub wearing a strap-on!

By now, I was on my back, Chris was eating my swollen clit, his butt was in the air. Cyndy was under him, devouring his semi-rigid penis, and Jane was sucking Lacy's "cock". The next event shocked all of us, especially Chris! He was moaning into my wet  pussy, rocking gently to Cyndy's oral attention, when he jumped forward and grunted loudly.

Lacy had taken the saliva coated strap-on and impaled Cyndy with it. She choked on Chris's cock as her body was driven forward. They were fucking hard and fast, Cyndy kissing Chris hot and groaning. Cyndy soon shook all over, screaming Lacy's name over and over. She flopped around on the floor, dislodging Lacy momentarily.

I slid out from under Chris, abandoning his cock for the one that tasted like Cyndy. I gave Lacy a marvelous blow job, then went `doggie' for her to fuck me with her toy. Chris joined us, and fed me his semi-firm cock. MMMM, getting fucked at both ends, by husband and wife! I was in heaven!

Jane had recovered from her last orgasm, and I felt her slide under me. She licked my dripping slit while Lacy continued to pound her latex cock deep inside me. I felt so full, but lacked one more opening. 

"Lacy!" I gasped around Chris' cock. "Do my butt with that thing!"

"'Chele! You want me to fuck your ass?" Lacy asked.

"Oh, yes! Pleeeeease! Put your cock in my ass, and Cyndy can use a dildo in my front!" I was near an explosion, and I wanted all of the options covered. Cyndy got a seven inch toy from the cupboard, resumed her place under me and slowly filled my kitty. Lacy lubed the strap-on, my butt, and pushed her `cock' deep into my bowels.

"Ohhhhhhhh! YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSs! So fucking full! FUCK ME, GIRLS!!!"

Lacy and Cyndy began plunging latex in both my holes, I took Chris back in my mouth, rocking and gasping as I neared my peak. I could feel the two plastic cocks rubbing each other through me. I had a warm cock in my throat. What more could a girl want? Well, three live cocks would be better, shooting hot cum in all my holes, but this was good!

I got a load of cum from Chris, triggering the onset of my `super-cum'. I let his cock loose, just as I began to shudder and quake. Screaming through clenched teeth, my pussy was grasping one cock, my asshole, the other. Contracting, gripping, soaking everything with my cum. I came so hard I almost passed out! 

We fell in a heap, panting and moaning. Jane had brought more drinks, then suddenly reminded everyone of something we had neglected. Lacy hadn't cum yet! Not once, that we knew of, had she gotten hers this night. I removed her strap-on and began kissing on her wet slit. Cyndy and Jane took on her C-cup breasts with those large areola. She did have hot looking breasts, nipples stiff and thick, waiting to be sucked.

I found her little erection, and took it in my teeth. She started cumming almost immediately. Steady shaking and moaning type of cum, we wanted more from her. I grabbed the small dildo and lubed it in her pussy, then gently pushed it in her butt. Then I pushed three fingers in her kitty and resumed licking her clitoris. That did it for her! She screamed and bucked. Her hands grabbed my hair and pulled my face deep into her cumming kitty. She gushed fluids like I hadn't seen in years.

Jane had possession of the cum covered strap-on, and a wicked gleam in her eyes. Chris had retreated to the couch on the deck and was dozing, face down. I went to his face and put my richly scented kitty in front of him. He rose to his knees and began licking me. His tongue slid into me and washed the swollen, red flesh of my hole. It felt so good! Jane, meanwhile, had taken a position near his butt, and started licking his rear hole. He responded well, pushing back at her exploring tongue. Cyndy provided some extra lubrication from her kitty on a couple of fingers, and worked them into Chris. 

Lacy got under her husband and took his swelling cock in her pussy, and started licking my butt under Chris' face. They even kissed while doing both my holes! It was so hot! I was going wild, especially when I saw Jane aiming the strap-on at Chris' back door! She slid the latex into him before he realised it wasn't a finger or two, anymore. Lacy cried out, evidently the thrust from behind increased the pressure inside of her at the same time.

Lacy came, I started cumming, and Chris was bellowing his release in no time at all! Cyndy had taken the camera, but when I looked at her, she was thrashing her pussy with a dildo, cumming right along with everybody else! The room smelled of raw sex and cum. Groaning and crying, simpering and moaning, no one was without some form of release at that point. Sexual Nirvana had been reached by all!

Chris left to clean up a little, and the three of us jumped on Lacy. I ate the fresh cum from her kitty, Jane `fed' her the cum from her dripping pussy, and Cyndy used her cum covered dildo on Lacy's butt. She came again and again. Finally screaming for us to let her breathe!

When we finished with Lacy, we looked around and saw a VERY spent Chris totally fucked out on the couch. The four of us retreated to the hot tub and soaked our well fucked and sucked bodies, gently stroking each other and kissing, like we did in school. I took some more pictures, including some posed shots of Lacy, Cyndy and Jane working on the remains of Lacy's husband.

Cyndy and Jane fell out after too many drinks and a lot of sex, so Lacy and I were left alone to satisfy each other. We spent several hours rediscovering each other's body, reclaiming a bit of our younger days, and cumming a lot. We fell asleep wrapped in each others arms and legs, a tangle of sated bodies.