 Katie quickly climbed off her father's depleted cock and reached for a sheet to cover herself.

"Katie what were you thinking?" Mindy loudly asked.

"I thought it was Kent. It was supposed to be Kent!" Katie exclaimed.

Katie's father pulled the comforter up and over his waist to cover his nakedness.

"What do you mean it was supposed to be Kent? Is there something you wanted to tell us?" Denise asked.

"Kent called right after you left and said to tell you he couldn't make it and that he would call you later." Mindy said.

"Alright, I set this up. Kent was supposed to come over and see you three naked and you were supposed to have to fuck his lame ass." Katie said. "Daddy you were not supposed to come home until after 5 o'clock."

"I knew you were coming home today and wanted to surprise you." He said.

"I don't believe this." Jill giggled. "You tried to set us up to screw some lame ass dweeb and it backfires and you end up fucking your dad. This is too good." She remarked.

"Shut up Jill, can't you see she is upset?" Mindy said.

Katie began to cry "I only did it because you made Mindy have sex with my dad. You should have let her out of it." Katie said.

"We couldn't do that and you know why. Besides you did get us back by making us fuck a stranger, just not the guy you had in mind." Denise said.

"Girls, could you give me a few minutes alone with Katie and Mindy?" Mr. Davis asked.

"I am sorry Katie; I guess we all got punished. Denise and I will get out clothes and be downstairs." Jill quietly said.

Denise and Jill left the room. Mindy had put on her shirt and shorts and handed Katie her bathrobe.

"Girls this is my entire fault." Katie's dad started.

"I should have acted like an adult and told Mindy 'No'." He went on.

"This has to end. I love you both very much but right now I feel like an old pervert. I think we should put this behind us and not bring it up again." Mr. Davis said

"It was my fault Mr. Davis, but I agree that we should put this behind us. What do you think Katie?" Mindy said.

"Let's put this far behind us." Katie said.

"I love you two girls, but I think it would be a good idea if you and your friends would stay at Mindy's this weekend." Mr. Davis said.

Both girls agreed and turned their backs as Mr. Davis got dressed. Upon seeing Mr. Davis leave, Jill and Denise now both fully dressed went back up to Katie's room. 

"Is it alright to come in?" Denise asked.

"Yeah." Katie answered.

"Girls we are going to stay over at my house this weekend so get your stuff together." Mindy said.

All four girls gathered their stuff left the house without even saying goodbye to Mr. Davis. Mr. Davis was in his room thinking about this afternoon's event. He was feeling guilty not only about fucking his own daughter but because he knew in the back of his mind he had always fantasized about it. Katie's pussy had felt so wet and warm that it was impossible not cum in her. He was really happy he had that vasectomy several years ago. Had the look on Katie's had been one of a happy surprise instead of a look of nausea then maybe... No he couldn't think that way. He had to put it behind him.

The ride to Mindy's house was a quiet one. Ms. McConnell, Mindy's mom was already home by the time the girls got there. Mary Francis McConnell was a fourth grade teacher at the local elementary school. She was forty five yrs old and never married. She became pregnant with Mindy just after college and Mindy's father left her to have and raise Mindy alone. Unfortunately Mindy looked just like her father. Mary Francis was about 5'6" weighed about 145 lbs, had short light brown hair, a light tan, and wore a 36b bra. She still could turn heads due to her beautiful face.

Mindy explained to her mom that they were going to stay there for the weekend but did not tell her why. The four girls went up to Mindy's room and unpacked.

"Jill and I talked earlier at Katie's house and we have made a decision about something. You see, we are seniors and we need to find some new girls to be on the sorority rules committee, and with everything you two have been through we felt that nobody understands the rules better than you." Denise said "I hate that rule!" Katie said.

"So did I when they enforced it on me as a freshman, but I have learned to respect it and it has served a purpose." Denise said.

"What do we have to do?" Mindy asked.

"You will be informed anytime there is an infraction and determine if the guilty sister has atoned for the offence." Jill said.

"How many times does this really happen?" Katie asked.

"It happens about three times a month, sometimes more sometimes less." Jill added

"That many! I thought it only happened maybe three times a whole year." Katie said.

"That's because we are not allowed to discuss the infractions with anybody but the guilty party and other members of the committee." Jill said.

"I'm in!" Mindy exclaimed.

"What about you Katie?" Denise asked.

"Okay, I'll be on the committee too." Katie said.

They all put their hands in a circle and pledged allegiance to the sorority.

"Katie, Jill and I really thought you knew that was your dad today." Denise said apologetically.

"Yes, I was shocked to see you walk in there naked and I couldn't even talk when you climbed up on the bed." Jill added.

"I thought maybe this was something kinky you all did. I was surprised but I wasn't going to spoil it for you either. I have never seen a daughter and father together before. It was kind of exciting." Denise added.

"Well it will never happen again, Mindy and I both had sex with my dad and we are like sisters. We talked to my dad and he said it should stop. I am worried about him I could see that he is confused and distraught." Katie said.

Mary Francis was downstairs getting ready to do the laundry when she heard the four girls pledging an oath. Their voices were resonating through the heating vent in the ceiling. The laundry room was directly below Mindy's. At first she did not think much of it as she always knew that she could spy on Mindy's conversation in this way. Mindy could never figure out how her mother knew she went to that keg party back in high school. Mindy's mom was beginning to sort the clothes when she heard the conversation about Katie and Mindy fucking Katie's dad. She almost tripped over the laundry basket, but stopped herself just in time. This is one conversation she wanted, she needed to hear.

"Katie, can I say something without offending you?" Jill asked.

"Yes, go ahead let's all get this out in the open." Katie conceded.

"Your dad has a huge cock. Mindy I don't know how you deep throated it." Jill said.

"Practice!" Jill laughed

"You know. While you were in there with my dad, whom I thought was Kent; I was watching you from the bathroom. I was getting so hot that I had to come in and get some too." Katie said.

"Your dad really knows how to eat pussy too. I came twice while he was eating me." Jill said.

"Me too!" Mindy added.

"I was about to cum but then Katie walked in." Denise added.

"We all know that Katie had a big orgasm." Mindy said referring to Katie's cries that she was cumming.

"It looked like your dad came when you were on him." Jill said to Katie

"He did, but don't worry I am on the pill and he had a vasectomy a few years ago." Katie acknowledged.

"We all experienced a nice cock thanks to the 'tease rule'." Denise said

Mindy glanced over at the clock and saw it was nearly 5 o'clock.

"Hey, let's go get something to eat." Mindy said.

Mary Francis McConnell heard the words "tease rule" for the first time in over 25 years. She now had a vague idea of what had happened. She needed to talk to her daughter and Katie but it would have to wait until the next morning. She had a lot to think about tonight.

When morning came the girls awoke and went downstairs. Ms. McConnell was already there eating a bagel and cream cheese.

"Good morning Mom." Mindy sang.

"Good morning girls, I hope you slept well." Ms. McConnell said.

"Thank you we did." Katie said and looking much better this morning.

"What are your plans for today?" Ms. McConnell asked.

"We don't have any yet." Mindy said.

"Well when you get time I would like to talk to you and Katie alone." Mindy's mom said.

"Jill and I would love to go for our morning run. I saw yesterday on the way here that there is a nice jogging trail at the park on the other side of town." Denise said.

"There is a nice trail there. You can use my car to get there, just drive carefully." Katie said. 

"Sounds like a plan." Jill said

"That will give us time to talk to my mom." Mindy agreed.

After breakfast Denise and Jill came down in their shorts and t-shirts, borrowed Katie's keys and took off in her car. Mindy and Katie helped Ms. McConnell with the dishes.

"Girls, I want to know about this 'tease rule' you have in your sorority." Ms. McConnell abruptly said.

"Mom, how did you find out about that?" Mindy asked.

"I accidentally overheard somebody mention it last night. I did not hear the entire conversation but I did hear enough to know that it involves sex." Ms. McConnell said as she lied about hearing the conversation.

Mindy and Katie went on to explain the rule. The rules states that should any sister intentionally or unintentionally expose her naked body to a man, that she should then give it to him for sex and not tease him with it. The only exception was doctors and family. Mindy's mom asked few questions and listened quietly as the girls explained various scenarios where this could apply. They even used their own scenario which Ms. McConnell saw through immediately. When the girls had finally finished Ms. McConnell said "I have two things I need to tell you."

"Are we in trouble?" Mindy nervously asked.

"No. But the first thing I want to say is that you two had better be very careful of undressing in places where you could be seen by someone else. This will mean making sure doors are locked and blinds are pulled." Mindy's mom said

"The second thing you need to know is that the 'tease rule' is not new. It was around when I went to college." She said

"It was." Mindy said with a shocked look on her face.

"Yes, a few sororities had them. All of them were a little different. Some involved sex, others involved letting other sisters go out with your boyfriend, things like that." Mary Francis said.

"Ms. McConnell, weren't you in a sorority?" Katie asked.

"Yes I was and we had our own version of the rule. Ours stated that if you accepted a date with a boy then you had to at least get him off before the end of the date. If you did not do this then you would have to have sex with him in a car while one of the other sisters is driving." She said.

"Did you ever have the rule apply to you?" Katie asked.

"Yes I drove the car a few times. Alright I know what you mean. Yes I did go on a few dates in college so I had to fulfill my obligation." She laughed.

"How did you do that?" Mindy inquired. She was not used to her mom being so open with her but was determined to find out as much as she could.

"I used my hand sometimes but I never had sex on the first date." She answered. 

"Sometimes? What else did you use?" Katie grinned.

"Oh my, what have I started? I would use my mouth sometimes and give them oral sex."

"How often did you do each?" Mindy asked.

"I am getting the third degree here. Okay I would say I used my hand maybe 10% of the time." She embarrassingly said.

"Mom, how many guys did you go out with?" Mindy asked

"Did you swallow?" Katie asked.

"Okay you girls want to know the truth. I went out a lot, maybe twenty five guys. Yes I swallowed most of the time. I can't help if it tasted good to me. And before you asked I was also quite good at it. I never met a guy I could not take all the way in my throat. There that is the whole truth." Ms. McConnell confessed.

The girls laughed.

"Now I know where you get it from Mindy!" Katie laughed.

"Mindy!" Mary Francis said.

"Sorry Mom." Said Mindy through the laughter.

They talked some more as they begin to clean up the house.

Meanwhile.........

Ding-Dong

Katie's Dad, Mr. Davis answered his front door.

"Hi Mr. Davis. You remember us from yesterday don't you?" Denise asked.

"Of course I do girls, did you forget something here." He asked.

"Sort of, we want to talk to you about yesterday." Jill said

"Girls, I would rather not. We should all just put that behind us." He said

"We can't. Jill never got to fuck you and I never came." Denise said

"Sorry girls, it is all over." He said as he began to shut the door.

"It would sure be hard on Katie if some of the people on campus heard that she fucked her dad in front of us" Jill said with an evil grin.

"You wouldn't! You Can't!" He stammered.

"We would and we can, unless you complete our little session we stated yesterday." Denise said.

Mr. Davis was defeated again, that is if you can call having to fuck two gorgeous college girls defeat.

The girls entered and went into the living room and began to get undressed.

"Please, not here." Said Mr. Davis remembering the last time he did it in the living room.

He led them to the bedroom. Jill was already undressed. Her dark Filipino skin looked beautiful in the rays of sunlight streaming into the room. Her perfect d cup tits and neatly trimmed full mound of hair on her pussy were making Mr. Davis's cock spring to life. Denise had just stripped off her panties revealing her shaved pussy. Her fair skin, small perky tits, and red hair were coming closer to him. He stood motionless as Denise dropped to her knees and began licking his growing shaft. She wrapped her lips around his balls and licked them gently. 

"You taste so good." Denise whispered.

Jill pulled his face close to hers and gave him a deep probing kiss. She easily sat him on the bed and laid his head back on the pillow. Denise licked back up his shaft and then engulfed his cock with her mouth. She tried her best but could not get him entirely down her throat. Jill kissed him as his hands found their way to her breasts. He could feel the hard nipples in his hands. Jill broke the kiss and began licking down to his chest. She sucked gently on his nipples and then journeyed down to his cock to help Denise. As Denise removed her mouth from his cock Jill swooped in to replace her. Jill too found it difficult to take too much of his cock in her mouth. Denise began licking his balls again. Mr. Davis knew he should not be doing this but he had no choice. He gave in and began to let himself enjoy the oral attention he was receiving. 

Denise arose and gave Mr. Davis a deep passionate kiss before climbing on the bed and placing her knees on each side of his head. Mr. Davis looked up to see Denise's dripping wet pussy hovering above his face. Her pussy lips were full and her aroma was sweet. He pushed his tongue high in the air but could not reach her juicy slit. Denise looked down at him and smiled. She then slowly lowered her pussy onto his outstretched tongue. Jill and Mindy were right; his tongue was just as magnificent as his cock. She could feel the first orgasm rising from deep inside her. Jill soon gave her fruitless but heroic effort of trying to deep throat his cock. She climbed on top of Mr. Davis and lowered herself onto his massive member. She already felt full and he was not yet entirely inside of her. She gave in and decided to force her body down on him quickly. There was a deep pain that quickly subsided once she could feel his pubic hair against her clit. She never felt so filled up by a cock or even a vibrator. Denise began to breath deeper and moan louder.

"Don't stop, that feels so good. Oh God I am going to cum." Denise chanted.

"Oh, Oh, OOOOoooooohh" Denise let loose.

Jill began to feel herself fill with pleasure. Something about the way her clit was positioned on him drove her crazy. Denise's screams of joy put her over the edge and she had a huge orgasm. 

"Oh my, I don't believe it. I am going to go again!" Jill screamed as this second orgasm, greater than the first, radiated through her body.

Jill felt great relief and climbed off the huge cock that contributed so much to her pleasure. 

Denise backed up and felt her wet pussy and ass touch the still hard cock. She thought about taking his cock up her ass but decided it probably wouldn't fit anyhow so she lowered her pussy down onto his cock. Jill sat in a nearby chair and watched Mr. Davis's cock disappear inch by inch into Denise's pussy. Denise grimaced and began to violently fuck his cock. Suddenly she stopped became silent as Jill sat silently staring at her friend's body shiver with ecstasy. Denise experienced the most intense orgasm of her life. She could feel her pussy involuntarily squeeze his cock, her body shook, and she felt dizzy. As her orgasm eased she felt at though she would collapse onto the bed. She managed to climb off this unbelievable cock. Jill immediately went to Mr. Davis and began sucking on him again. Denise after a moments rest joined her. They took turns liking his shaft and balls, stroking is cock, and swallowing as much as they could. Soon he began to feel as though he could hold back no more. The stroking had been too much.

"I am going to cum!" He warned them.

Denise pulled his cock toward her face and opened her mouth wide. Jill put her head beside Denise's and opened her mouth too.

The first stream of cum initially hit the upper lip of Denise and then filled her mouth. The second stream shot out toward Jill as she had now grabbed his cock. The delicious white liquid went straight into Jill's nearby mouth. The girls pointed his cock between them for the remaining waves of cum. Their eyes, faces and hair were thick with cum. Each girl swallowed hard on the cum in their mouths and proceeded to lick each others faces. When the last drop of cum had be licked and swallowed. The girls looked up at Mr. Davis.

"Thank you Mr. Davis." They said in unison.

"Don't worry; Katie's secret will be safe with us." Denise assured.

The three of them got dressed. Denise and Jill each gave him a kiss on the cheek just before they turned and headed out the door.

"That was the best morning run ever!" Jill exclaimed to Denise.

"Yes it was, but remember, Katie and Mindy must never know about this." Denise said.

"I say that committee members don't have to tell other committee members all the details....unless it is them telling us." Jill laughed.