 I had loaded my 4-wheeler with my camera bags and tripods, made sure it was full of gas, and then headed out from my house into the forest. I was on my yearly quest to locate two of the native wildflowers that grow around here. I had tried for several years but had been unable to find them. I felt that this year might be special and I would at last get some photos of them. 

As I traveled the back roads left over from logging that was done about forty years ago, I noticed that there were some tire tracks that were not supposed to be there. I own all the land around here and don't allow people to come onto my property. I started to follow them and see where they went. As I rounded a turn, I noticed that someone had pulled off the road and had tried to hide their truck by pulling under some low hanging tree branches. I got off my bike, grabbed one of my cameras and started down a path that I had never seen before. I guess I had walked about a quarter of a mile when I began to hear sounds coming from behind some old downed trees. I slowed up so as not to make any noise and quickly peeked around one end of the tree. I was absolutely shocked by what I saw. 

A young woman was bound to an old, dead tree. She was totally nude, with her legs tied to two stakes driven in the ground so that they were held wide open and her arms were tied above her head, to a rope thrown over a higher branch. There was a gag of some sort in her mouth and she was blindfolded. I looked around but didn't see anyone else nearby. She was in her late twenties with shoulder length blonde hair. Her breasts were round and firm looking, with her nipples standing out proudly. Between her legs was just a hint of pubic hair and I could see her pussy lips protruding slightly from her slit. 

I was just going to announce my presence to her when I heard a noise in the brush behind her. I pulled myself closer to my end of the tree and eased myself down into a crouch. A man walked out of the woods and over to the girl. He grabbed hold of the rope holding her arms and tested it. Satisfied, he then squatted and checked the ropes holding her legs open. 

He stood and said to her, "Sarah, you've brought this all on yourself. You should not have tried to run away from me when I was filling the truck with gas." 

He leaned down and stuck his tongue out, licking the side of her face. She turned her head away from him quickly. He grabbed her hair in his hand and pulled her head forward towards his face. 

There was just a breath of distance between them when he hissed, "Sarah, you just don't understand how serious your present situation is; that you are completely at my mercy, and mine to do as I see fit. If I want to touch your tits," he grabbed one of her breasts and squeezed it hard, making her body flinch, "I will. If I want to touch and play with your cunt," he said, "I will. If I want to stick my fingers in any of your holes, I'll do that too." 

He placed his other hand between her legs and rubbed her pussy several times then raised his fingers to his mouth and licked them off. 

"In other words, Sarah," he spit, "you fucking belong to me, totally!" 

He pushed her back against the tree she was tied to, walked over to a small stump and sat down, just staring at her. 

She started to make noises into her gag and I assumed that she was trying to say something. After several times of trying, she quit and slumped against her ropes. After a while the man got up and walked over to her and asked if she wanted to have the gag out of her mouth. She shook her head yes. He reached behind her head and started to remove it. 

"If you cry out or in any way try and attract any attention," he said, "I will slap the shit out of you and make you wear the gag forever. Do you understand me?" he asked. 

Again she nodded her head yes. He finished removing her gag, then walked back to his stump and sat down again. 

Sarah told him, "I have to go to the bathroom." 

"So go," he replied laughing. 

"But I can't go here," she cried, "take me to use the bathroom, right now!" 

He jumped off his seat, stood in front of her and slapped her face, hard. 

"Don't you EVER tell me what to do," he said. "I tell YOU what to do!" He then slapped her face again. "Now I'm telling you that if you want to go to the bathroom, you fucking better do it right here and right now!" 

Sarah started to cry and her face turned red both from the two slaps and her coming humiliation of having to piss in front of this man, right where she stood. The man squatted and looked between Sarah's legs as she started to relieve herself. It started as a small trickle and, as her pussy lips were stuck together, it splashed against her legs and then finally down below her feet. She pissed for several minutes it seemed, then finally stopped. She had her head down and was still silently crying. 

"See, Sarah, he asked, "that wasn't so bad, was it?" She said nothing. "I said was it?" he screamed at her. He slapped her pussy with the back of his hand once, and then stood. He grabbed her hair again and shook her head back and forth. "Answer me you fucking bitch," he shouted at her. 

Sarah said, "No, it wasn't so bad." 

I guess that at this point I decided that I had to do something about this situation. Because of the rattlesnake problem in these woods, I have made it a habit to always carry a pistol and I had it with me today. I wondered just exactly what my options were. I was too far from being able to call the law for any help as my cell phone won't work here in the mountains. I didn't really know what to do but I had to do something and soon. I looked around the tree again and saw that he was leaning with his back against the old tree behind him. I stepped out from my hiding place and drew my weapon. As I pulled back on the hammer, the gun made an audible click. He looked up and saw me standing there holding a gun on him. The blood left his head and he looked as white as a sheet. 

"Just what in the Hell is going on here?" I asked. "Why are you doing this?" 

"M... M... Mister," he said, "this is not what it looks like." 

Sarah spoke then. "Troy, what's going on and who is that?" 

I turned to her and asked, "Lady, do you know this guy?" 

"Know him," she said, "he's my husband's brother, Troy." 

I walked over to Sarah and untied her blindfold. She blinked several times and slowly focused on my face. 

"Look, mister," she said, "my husband doesn't know about any of this. He's a spineless jellyfish, too wrapped up in his work to care about my needs and desires. Troy here, on the other hand," she went on, "really gets into these little scenes we have. In fact, mister, if you'd waited just a while longer, you would have seen some very hot sex happen here. This shit turns me on," she said to me, "and now you've ruined the mood." 

I'm not the brightest bulb in the chandelier, but I'm sure bright enough to figure out what was happening here and what I was going to do about it too! I turned the gun back on Troy and told him to undress. He just stared at me and didn't move. I pointed the pistol down at his feet and pulled the trigger. The air was split with a sharp report that made her scream and he about shit himself trying to get out of the way. I repeated my order for him to undress and he couldn't get out of his clothes fast enough this time. When he was nude I looked around and saw more rope lying near the old tree. I told him to go and get it. He did and handed it to me. I told him to hold his hands out in front of me. I looped the rope around his hands and, after I had him somewhat secured, I put my pistol back in its holster. I made him back up to a tree a few feet from Sarah and then tied him to it securely. 

"So, your plan was to get this little woman hot enough to have a good fuck by hitting and making her do everything you wanted her to do, right?" I asked Troy. 

He nodded his head yes. 

I then asked Sarah, "And you really get off on this shit?" She said that she did. "You mean that if I slap you around a little, you'll get hot enough to fuck me?" I asked. 

She glanced at Troy, then back to me and said, "Yes, if you make me hot, I'll let you fuck me anyway you want to." 

Well, here I was, faced with a dilemma. You see, I'm not in the habit of hitting a woman for any reason, and little less because they were asking me to. But here was this good-looking nude woman standing right there in front of me and, to tell you the truth, I was getting turned on myself thinking of all the possibilities. I knew we were far enough out in the boonies that we wouldn't be disturbed by anyone else. I also knew that I wasn't expected back home by anyone so I wouldn't be missed for awhile. I toyed with the idea of messing with these two kids' heads and then made up my mind. 

"Ok, Sarah," I said, "let's see how badly you want to get fucked." 

I started to remove my clothing slowly, all the while watching Sarah's face to see how she was going to respond. I was down to my jockey shorts and saw that Sarah had her eyes glued to my male package. I guess I'd been blessed in this department, as my cock, when fully hard, was just over nine and a half inches long and as big around as the business end of a baseball bat. I stood in front of Sarah, brought my hands up and cupped her breasts. With my thumb and forefingers, I began to rub and pinch her nipples, tugging on them slightly. I saw her suck her breath in as I did this so I increased the pressure of my pinching. She moaned slightly and pushed her tits towards me wanting more. I stepped back and looked down at her open legs and saw that she was starting to get wet. I could see a drop of her nectar forming on her pussy lips then sliding down towards her ass. 

"You do like this shit," I said. "Would you like me to touch your pussy now?" 

She simply nodded her head. I removed my jockeys completely and stood in front of her, slowly stroking my cock. It was getting to its full size quickly. Sarah's eyes were locked on my cock and she licked her lips and told me, "I have never seen a cock as big as yours! I'm not sure I can take that in me." 

"Sarah," I replied to her, "you're not only going to take this cock in your cunt when I want you to but, when I'm finished there, I'm going to shove this up your ass too." 

Sarah looked over at Troy but he was not looking at her. His eyes were looking down at the ground. I walked over and stood directly in front of him. 

"What's the matter, Troy, cat got your tongue?" 

I walked back to Sarah and asked her if she ever put her fingers up Troy's ass while they were fucking. She told me that, yes, she had done that and that he seemed to enjoy it too. 

"Good fucking deal," I said. "I think we're going to have some real fun today." 

I returned to Sarah and held my stiff cock out towards her. I stepped closer and let it rub between her legs. Oh yes, she was indeed wet. I felt my cock slide up and down her slit. I could feel her pussy lips swelling as they tried to encompass the size of my cock. Right at that moment I wanted to slam my cock into her but restrained myself, to draw out the pleasure I knew was going to come soon. I backed away from her and went to Troy. 

"You want to eat her pussy?" I asked him. 

"Yes, I do," he replied, as he finally looked up at me. 

I untied him from his tree and led him to Sarah. I pushed him to his knees and told him, "Go to it, boy, eat her pussy till I tell you to stop." 

Troy crawled under her wide spread legs and bent his head back while Sarah, wanting contact quickly, lowered herself onto his face. I watched Sarah's eyes as Troy ate her pussy. They were half closed and she was licking her lips, breathing hard. As soon as I untied her hands she put them on the back of his head and forced his face tighter into her pussy. 

"Oh God," Sarah moaned, "that feels so good, Troy. Lick me faster and harder. Oh yes, baby, suck on my clit and make me cum!" 

I rolled a small stump over close to Sarah and stood on it. I told Sarah to lean down and start sucking my cock. Her hands left Troy's head and came up to my cock. She put them at the base of it and started to stroke it as she opened her mouth to try and put the head of my large cock into her mouth. Her tongue flicked around the tip several times and saw that my pre-cum was oozing out. She took a deep breath and opened her mouth as wide as she could and slowly started to ease my cock into her mouth. I watched her as she was doing this and it made me even harder. I put my hand on the back of her head and forced my cock into her mouth. She made some strange noises at the back of her throat and then began to suck it with abandon. 

Part 2 

With Sarah sucking me off and Troy eating her pussy at the same time, I was close to blowing my first wad down her throat. Because she could only get about half of my cock in her mouth, she started to stroke it from the base to where her mouth was. This intensified the feelings and I started to cum. I felt the first gush splash against the back of her throat and she tried in vain to swallow all the rest of it. She started to choke so I pulled my cock out of her mouth and finished by splashing the rest of my cum on her tits. Her hands went to them and rubbed my sperm all around her breasts, then finished up by licking off her fingers. Troy was still down on his knees doing his thing to Sarah when I told him to stop and get up. He didn't hear me so I slapped the back of his head and repeated myself. He turned and looked up at me. 

"I think that's about enough pussy eating for now, Troy," I told him. 

I reached down and felt Sarah's pussy which was very wet from both Troy's saliva and her own copious woman juice leaking out. I put two of my fingers in her cunt and started to finger her. Her hips started to swing back and forth so I put another finger in and used my thumb to rub her clit. She looked to be enjoying this so I told Troy to kiss and suck on her tits. It wasn't long before Sarah, having the two of us working on her body, reached another orgasm and my hand was rewarded with more of her juice.  

I told Troy to finish untying Sarah and for the both of them to go and sit down until I figured out what we would try next. Troy asked if he could smoke a cigarette and I said yes as long as he gave me one too. Sarah didn't smoke but she wasn't bothered that we did. 

We sat there smoking and just resting when I asked Sarah, "You say your husband doesn't go for this kind of shit, right?" 

She said that he was a real prude and that the only way they ever had sex was with him on top for about eight or nine strokes, then pulling his dick out and rolling over and going to sleep. He didn't care whether she got off or not, just as long as he did. I asked about where Troy came in. 

"I used to date Troy before I met my husband, but he doesn't even know about that. We decided to keep that a secret from him so we could keep going off sometimes and doing things like this," she told me. "He thinks we're going to flea market sales and that's just soo below him," she laughed, saying, "He is glad to have me from underfoot and, with Troy watching me, he thinks I'm safe. Serves him right, the stupid bastard!" 

"Why don't you check into a motel or something?" I asked. "As you can see, sometimes doing this out in the boonies can be dangerous." 

Troy spoke up and said, "We usually do that, but right now we're a little low on funds, and figured this might be more fun and exciting." 

"Well, you got that part right, dude," I said. "Now, what in the world am I going to do with you?" I wondered aloud. 

Sarah eyes opened wide and she said to me, "Do with us? What do you mean, do with us?" 

"Well, I can't just let you go because I already forced you to suck my cock. I also pulled a gun on you and even shot between your feet, Troy." I went on, "If I were to let you go, what would stop you from going straight to the sheriff and tell him of our little adventures?" 

"We'd NEVER tell," they both shouted. 

I just looked at them and slowly shook my head. 

"I just don't think I can believe you," I said. 

Sarah spoke up then and said, "Suppose that I willingly let you have your way completely with me, right now, would that change anything?" 

I looked from her to Troy and he was nodding his head yes too. 

"Well," I said, "that might make a difference. Let's just see where this leads us, shall we?" 

I leaned back on the grass and told Troy that I sure would like to see him fuck his sister-in-law and if they didn't mind, I just might join in too. 

Part 3 

Troy and Sarah turned towards each other, embraced, and started to kiss. I could see that Sarah was sucking Troy's tongue into her mouth and Troy already had one of his hands up pulling on one of Sarah's nipples. I'll say one thing right here. Sarah is one hot woman. She took one of her hands and slowly started to rub it down towards Troy's cock. He was becoming aroused in spite of the strange situation. I felt my own cock starting to swell once again so I put my hand on it and slowly started to jack myself off while enjoying the show in front of me. 

Sarah's hand found Troy's cock and she was stroking him as his own hand went between her legs and began to play with her slit. She pulled one knee up and swung it to the side, allowing me to see exactly what was happening. Troy took two of his fingers and entered her pussy, looking for and finding her G-spot. Sarah threw her head back and moaned, thrusting her hips forward. 

"Yes, yes, yes," Sarah moaned, "right there, don't stop touching me there." 

Sarah had her first cum just a few seconds later and then told Troy to lie on his back. He did as she asked and Sarah swung her leg over him and, in one fluid motion, impaled herself on his cock. She started to fuck herself with his cock, raising her ass up in the air then slamming back down on his cock, again and again. I could see the juice squirt out of her pussy as each thrust pounded into her hot cunt. She leaned forward over Troy so that he could suck on her tits. As she did this it raised her pretty ass up so that I could see her asshole staring me in the eye. 

I couldn't stand it any longer. I rose and placed my knees on either side of Troy's legs, just behind her, and started to rub my thick cock between the cheeks of her ass. Sarah knew what was going to happen, I guess, because she pulled her pussy off Troy's cock, put her hand between her legs and scooped some of her pussy juice into her hand. She reached behind her and grabbed my cock, rubbing her slime over the head of my dick. I took my cock in my hand and aimed it at her ass, putting the head of it directly on her brown hole and started to push my way inside. Troy slipped his cock back into her pussy and I could feel his cock as he went deep inside her. 

My own cock was making headway when she turned her head back towards me and said, "Fuck me up my ass with your big cock, you son of a bitch, fuck me hard and make me fucking cum!" With those words I drove my cock deep into her ass. Sarah screamed and then started to push her tight ass against my cock, driving it deeper and deeper into her. "Fuck me hard, both of you, fuck me hard," she cried. "Pound your cocks into my ass and cunt and MAKE ME CUM!!" 

Troy and I set up a rhythm, with his cock going in her cunt as I pulled mine back and then mine going in her ass as he pulled back. Sarah was moaning and pushing back towards my cock and down onto Troy's. I reached around her and began to pinch and pull her nipples which, it seemed, was all she needed because she cried out that she was getting ready to cum. Both Troy and I increased our tempos as we alternated pounding into her ass and cunt. Troy shouted that he was close to cumming too. Sarah started to quiver and I felt my own cum starting to boil up from my balls. 
