 Sorority Party 

(Fall, 1955)

Joel, Frank and Eddie have spent several days visiting Delta Omega Gamma sorority at Sarah Smith College. After a fire at the house the guys helped with cleanup and were rewarded. Now it's the last morning. As the three guys prepare to return to Western State, Doris has an ingenious plan for one more 'group activity'.

CHAPTER 5

Eddie and Frank awoke the next morning in the room they had secured separate from the one Joel was sharing with Sue. They encountered Joel emerging from the bathroom on the second floor of the rooming house.

"How's it going with Sue?"

Joel sighed. "It's going to be very hard to leave this place. I wish I could take her back with us. I mean, she's burned out of her room as it is and we...we have something special."

"Why Joel, I do believe you are in love! Who'd have thought?"

"It's all new to me fellas. I've never felt an attachment to a girl before."

"Screw 'em and leave 'em has always been your way!"

"Seriously. I am going to miss her like anything. Not just the sex, although that has been great, but her as a person."

"Where is she now?"

"She used the bathroom first and she's getting dressed. What's up with you guys?"

"Last night Margaret and Doris said they might stop by this morning before we got off. We thought we'd grab a quick breakfast at the diner and wait for them outside."

"Sue and I will wait with you. I'm going out the front door and she's slipping out by the outside stairs on the other side of the building. We don't want to give Mrs. Whatshername any ideas about what has been going on."

Later, as the four sat on the front steps Frank pointed down the street "Wasn't that Doris' little red MG that just went by? They said they'd stop by. I wonder where they're going in such a hurry."

************************************************************************

In the MG Margaret said "Wasn't that the guys out in front of the rooming house? Shit, I thought we'd get this business out of the way before they were ready for us."

"This is your baby, Maggs. I can turn this thing right around and go back."

Margaret shook her head. "It's something I've got to do or I won't be able to rest."

Doris parked near the courthouse complex where the jail was located, and the two girls went inside. At the desk Margaret asked to see Butch Ryan.

"Sorry, miss. Unless you're his lawyer, visiting hours aren't until this afternoon."

"I'm not really visiting. I won't be but five minutes."

As the exchange was going on an officer walked up. "Is there a problem?"

Margaret turned and recognized him. "Officer Compton. I remember you helped watch over us the night of the fire. I know Butch Ryan has been arrested for starting it and there is something I need to say to him. I'll be in classes this afternoon during visiting hours."

"Oh, yes. I remember you. You were in charge of the sorority, or something. I recall you and your friend here got the situation under control and kept the girls calm. It is unusual, but I can escort you back to him. I'll be there with you, so we can say it wasn't a visit, but more for identification purposes."

"Thank you. I promise I will be brief and to the point."

"I do believe you will! Follow me."

Doris waited in the lobby while Officer Compton took Margaret through a series of locked doors until they arrived in a more or less open area divided into cells.

"This is the holding area. He will be here until he sees a judge later today, then he will be moved to another floor to await trial, unless he's bailed out."

When they stepped into the holding area wolf whistles and catcalls were directed at Margaret. She ignored them and found Butch locked in a cell with two other men.

When he saw her, Butch rushed up to the front of the cell and spoke through the bars. "Margaret. I'm so sorry. I had too much to drink and that guy stole my girl. I'm sure you know I had big plans for her. I looked all over for her, even outside. Somebody told me she was with another guy and I went crazy."

"Frank didn't steal her. When I saw you with my sis...Lisa, I sent him over to get her away from you. I knew what you had in mind. I also knew that if I went over she would have left with you, just to show me how independent she is."

"Lisa is your sister?" Butch slapped his forehead. "I should have guessed. The red hair and green eyes should have been a dead giveaway."

"Let me tell you something, Butch." Margaret reached in, grabbed Butch's shirt and yanked him forward so hard his face slammed against the bars. "If I ever see you around the Delta house or see you anywhere near Lisa I will personally beat the crap out of you. You will never be able to father children. Am I understood?"

All catcalls ceased as everyone listened to Margaret's angry outburst.

Butch managed to raise his right hand and mumbled "I swear I won't go to the Smith campus again, and if I see your sister I will avoid her."

"Louder, Butch. I can't hear you."

"I swear I will never set foot on the Smith campus again, and if I see your sister I will immediately turn around and go the other way."

"Just remember that, Butch. I'll be watching for you."

Margaret gave him a shove and released him and turned to leave. Butch whined to Officer Compton "Did you see that? She assaulted me!"

The office stepped closer to the cell and confided to Butch "After what you did I think you got off pretty easy, son."

As they made their way to the exit a grinning face appeared at the door of another cell. "Hey, babe! Gimme your number! You're my kind of gal. I need someone who can stand toe to toe and scrap with me!"

"In your dreams, buster."

Laughter echoed through the holding area as Margaret and Officer Compton left. Back out in the lobby Margaret extended her hand to her escort. "I needed to say that. Thank you for all you've done, Officer Compton."

"Oh, I suspect you will never have to carry through with your threat."

"It wasn't a threat. It was a promise."

He laughed. "I believe it was. Yessir, I believe it was. Good luck with your cleanup."

As the girls turned to leave another officer passed them bringing in a disheveled drunk who had been picked up off the street. The drunk stumbled along with the officer holding him up by his arm. Bloodshot eyes widened when he noticed Doris towering over him and he wailed "Oh God. I know I had too mush to drink when I shtart sheeing women tennn feet tall! I shwear I'll never touch another drop!"

Margaret teased 'Ten-Foot Doris' as they hopped into the MG and headed back to the rooming house where they found the four others still waiting. When Doris pulled into the gravel parking lot beside the house, now empty except for Joel's car, the others came around to greet them. Margaret explained that they had just gone to see Butch. Sue said "I'll bet it wasn't a social call. I hope you kicked him in the balls."

Doris laughed. "Hoo, boy! She warned him she'd do as much. Man, I'll bet he has marks on his face from where she slammed him up against the bars! It sounds like he was scared shitless." Everyone laughed at the imagined sight of Butch's face with two vertical bruises on his face.

While the group talked an elderly woman carried a basket of laundry out into the back yard and began hanging it on clotheslines. Doris excused herself from the group and approached the woman. "Hello Mrs. Kennedy."

The woman turned and her face brightened. "Doris! What a pleasant surprise. What brings you here?"

Doris grabbed some of the wet laundry and a handful of clothespins and began to help hang it up. "You rented rooms to some friends who drove down from Western State. They're getting ready to leave and some of us have come to say goodbye."

"Oh, those nice young men. Never caused a bit of trouble. Very quiet. Of course, now that I know you sent them I'm not at all surprised...Say, how did this laundry get hung up so fast? Why Doris, you didn't have to help!"

"My pleasure Mrs. Kennedy. Oh, do you mind if we go up and help them finish packing and help bring their suitcases down? They've got a long drive ahead of them."

"Not at all! Not at all. I'm just getting ready to run some errands. I try to hit the grocery store, post office and the five and dime all on the same trip. Saves a lot of time that way. I usually get a sandwich at the lunch counter while I'm at the five and dime. It's a treat I give myself on Mondays."

"Well, you have a good day, Mrs. Kennedy. I'll make sure the used linens are tossed down the laundry chute and the rooms are left in proper order for you while you're gone."

"Why, thank you dear. I wish all the girls on campus were like you."

Back at the group Doris was quizzed. "What was that all about?"

"That, boys and girls, was me getting permission for us all to go up and, ahem, 'help you pack.' She's leaving in a few minutes and it sounds like she'll be gone for a while."

Margaret cocked her head and looked at Doris. "You never cease to amaze me. We've known each other since, what eighth grade? Yet you still spring surprises. How do you know her?"

"It's just part of the 'service' I offer my guests. I scope out the rooming houses and talk to the owners to see which ones might be open for a little, shall we say, extra activity? Under the right circumstances, of course. Like now. What do you say we go inside and see if we can stuff something into something else?"

Margaret and Sue blushed and the guys shook their heads in disbelief at her language.

From an upstairs window they watched Mrs. Kennedy back her car out of the garage and drive off. Doris waved cheerfully.

"I hate that you have to leave," Doris said as she turned to the three guys.

Eddie shook his head slowly. "I think we've done all we can do here. Remember, we had intended to leave yesterday."

Frank added "And it seems you have the situation under control. I know it's a mess right now, but you have help from the school, other sororities, the national office and off campus sources. I wouldn't be surprised if you got a Western Union notice that Grace wired money they have collected at Gamma Zeta back at Western. Richard said they told him they were going to have a fund-raiser."

Joel and Sue stood with arms around each other. "I wish I could stay longer," he said, as he bent over to kiss the top of Sue's head.

"Me, too," she replied.

Margaret said "I think we all agree that you guys have been a godsend to have here during our crisis. We can't thank you enough."

Doris laughed "although we gave thanking you a good shot last night. Hey, we have a little time now. What's the latest you can leave?"

"I think we should leave by noon. One at the latest. We have a seven hour drive so it will be dark by the time we get back."

"That doesn't us leave much time," Doris observed as she looked around the room. "Hmm. One bed barely used and one with evidence of lots of activity last night. I guess this is Joel and Sue's room."

Sue blushed. Even though everyone knew she and Joel had been together it still sounded somewhat elicit to Sue's ears. 

Doris noticed. "Aww. Look at that cute blush. Ain't love grand?"

Sue blushed even darker.

Doris said "I think these two would like to be alone for a while. Why don't the rest of us repair to the other room?"

When the four had left Joel took Sue's hands in his. "We only have time to make love once more. Let's make the most of it."

Sue nodded and began to unbutton her blouse. 

"Here, let me help you with that." Joel looked into Sue's eyes as he unbuttoned her blouse the rest of the way and slipped it off her shoulders. Still making eye contact he unfastened her skirt. He kissed her and rubbed her arms before loosening her bra and removing her panties. Only then did he step back to admire her. "I think you are the most beautiful girl I have ever known." 

He swept her into his arms and kissed her, softly at first then deeper. She wrestled with his belt and pants button before she eventually managed to loosen them. Her hands worked up under his shirt and rubbed his chest. He broke the kiss and quickly tossed off his shirt and removed the rest of his clothing. She threw her arms around his neck and clung to him, pressing her body to his. He worked a hand between them and cupped a breast, and was rewarded with a sigh.

They fell onto the bed and Joel ran his hands over her entire body. "I want to remember all of you. I want to remember how you feel, how you smell, how you taste. I want it imprinted indelibly on my brain. I don't want to ever forget it. I want to dream about you."

"No one has ever said anything like that to me. I love you, Joel."

"I love you Sue. More than life itself. I never believed in 'love at first sight', but that's pretty much describes what I have with you."

They cuddled and explored, kissed and sometimes just held still in an embrace, enjoying the contact of their bodies. She held his erection in her hand and bent to kiss it. "I want to remember this. What it feels like in my hand, and what it feels like inside."

Joel reached for a condom, but found he had used his last one. "Damn. I have more in the car, but don't want to break the spell by getting dressed to go fetch it. I'll be careful."

He entered her and she squeezed her legs together momentarily to feel him inside. When he began a rhythmic thrusting she stopped him and rolled them over. "I want to be on top this time."

She leaned over to kiss him and he held her breasts in his hands. She moved her hips back and forth in an increasing tempo. Tongues entwined and he flicked fingers over her hardened nipples. He knew he needed to be in control eventually so he could pull out in time, but it was so enjoyable to know it was happening just the way she wanted it. 

When it seemed she was ready to climax he quickly reversed their positions, momentarily becoming tangled in the loose sheet. They both laughed as he tugged the sheet free and began hard thrusting. She arched her back and he felt her pelvic muscles tightening around him. She pulled his mouth to hers and wrapped her legs around him as wave after wave swept her. He felt her vagina pulse, and that brought him nearly to his own climax. When he felt himself tighten he reluctantly pulled out, placed his hardness on her abdomen while he laid on top of her and continued to thrust. In only a few strokes he felt himself emptying. He wished he was still inside, but at least he had the warmth of her body. He continued to thrust until he felt he had no more, and kissed her deeply.

He rolled off her at last and she took her fingers and played in the puddle on her belly. "Wow. That seems like a lot." She turned her head to look at him and he propped himself on an elbow and leaned over to kiss her again.

"That was wonderful, Joel. I shall always remember it." 

"Me too. I felt like it wasn't me and you it was...us. Us as a single being, part of each other."

"Amazing! That's exactly what I felt! I was lost in you, and nothing else mattered."

He closed his eyes for a moment. "You know Sue, it just dawned on me that I don't even know what you are studying in school."

"Music, with a minor in art. I was thinking as I was holding you in my hand that I'd like to sketch it. Then I'd be sure to remember it."

"Wha...?"

Sue laughed, and started to croon in his ear "Take my hand, I'm a stranger in Paradise..." She paused. "You know, I feel like I'm in Paradise when I'm with you."

"You have a beautiful singing voice. And no girl has ever said anything like that to me before."

"I mean it. Ooh, ooh, let me grab a pencil and paper from over on the dresser. Don't move."

He remained propped on an elbow and she had him bend his leg on the bed and adjusted his soft penis to a position laying on it. When she was satisfied with his pose she settled to sit on the edge of the other bed, pencil furiously working on paper, her eyes constantly going from him to the paper. After a few minutes she held up the paper for him to see. "Ta da!"

Joel actually blushed to see a very realistic rendering of himself from the hips to his knees with his penis as it lay limp on his leg. His jaw dropped open. "That's so realistic...I hope you...you aren't going to show it to anyone, are you?"

Sue laughed. "Of course not. Not even in art class. Just you and I will ever see it. I'm going to keep it under my pillow, and when I'm lonely I'll take it out and look at it to remember you and our first weekend together."

She put the pencil down and folded the paper to a size that would fit in her skirt pocket. "Now tell me about you. What are you studying?"

"Economics."

"Sounds dull. All those numbers. Yuk. I guess you can get a good job, though."

"Numbers can be interesting. It's fascinating to follow the flow of money. I actually talked to a recruiter last year who said he'd be interested in talking again next spring. It's a big company with good benefits and a nice starting salary."

"I don't know if I could ever make anything from my art or music."

"With a voice like an angel I bet you could."

After a time he said "We need to get cleaned up. This was especially messy. It's on me as well as you. Let's grab some towels and take a shower before the others hog the bathroom."

Sue grabbed two towels and they raced, naked, down the hallway to the bathroom. In the shower they kissed and washed each other. He worked fingers into her sex and she squealed, grabbing him in return. Their play continued until they wrapped themselves together. He kissed her breasts and played with her clit and she stroked him back to hardness. Using their hands they brought each other to another, less intense yet satisfying, climax. This time the semen was washed harmlessly down the drain.

They dried each other off and dashed, naked again, back towards the room, but didn't quite make it before the door to the other room opened. She squealed and he laughed as they ran naked past the open door.

Back in the room they kissed and got dressed.

Margaret and Doris surveyed the bedroom with the two twin beds. Doris stood with her hands on her hips. "Too bad these are small beds. If there was a big one we could all tumble together in a free for all. Wouldn't that be a sendoff!?"

Eddie laughed, "Yeah. Wild and crazy it certainly would be."

Doris pursed her lips. "Hey, I have an idea. Why don't we pull off the covers and top sheets and push the beds together?"

"Are you serious?"

"Why not? We've all swapped around anyway. I think we've done pretty much everything at some time or another. Come on! It'll be fun, and as you know, 'fun' is my middle name!"

Frank was dubious. "Okay, suppose we pushed the beds together. Just how would this 'free for all' work? I can't even think of what the geometry would be. But I guess Doris can figure that out."

Doris gave Frank a surreptitious poke in the ribs and leaned over to whisper out of the side of her mouth in pig Latin "Ixnay on the athmay, remember?"

"Sorry, Doris. I forgot," he whispered back.

Margaret and Eddie stood across the room studying the room layout. "Hey. What are you two cooking up over there?" Eddie asked.

Doris shot him an innocent look. "Nothing. Nothing at all. We were just discussing possibilities, weren't we, Frank?"

"Absolutely. Possibilities."

"Well, We think the beds can be moved together, but have no idea what to do next. How do you manage a 'free for all', anyway?"

Doris said cheerfully "the first step is to get naked! Come on now, it will be just like at the picnic. Nobody had any reservations then, did you? Here's an idea. Why don't we undress each other? Guys undress girls and so forth."

Eddie laughed "I've undressed girls in the bedroom before, but usually that's after a lot of touching with clothes on, first."
