 Eddie, Frank and Joel help the Deltas in the aftermath of the fire and are rewarded.

*****

Despite being exhausted sleep was fitful for both couples staying at the Delta house. Frank and Margaret awoke to the sound of voices in the hall.

"What time is it?" Margaret asked as she stretched weary, aching muscles.

"I think it is about eight."

"Jeez, you'd think those fire guys could wait until a decent hour."

Margaret absent-mindedly rubbed Frank's arm, draped over her. "Say, didn't you used to have hair on your arms? I would have sworn I remember it."

Frank pulled his arm back to look at it. "I guess it got singed off when we tried to reach the kitchen. A burst of fire came out just after I pulled my head back."

"I don't know if that was brave or a stupid thing to do. Here I go speaking my mind again."

"I don't know if it was stupid, either. It was just spontaneous, something that seemed like it needed to be done."

Frank rolled out of bed and Margaret followed. She rummaged around to find appropriate clothing to wear for continued cleanup. Frank puffed his cheeks out as he looked at his sooty pants and shirt. "Well, I guess I've worn clothes more than one day before."

"I'd offer you some of mine, but suspect you'd decline."

"I'll pass on blouses and skirts. We'll just be getting dirty again, anyway. While you talk to the investigators I'll go and see if I can rustle us up some breakfast."

Margaret looked for the fire chief while Frank went downstairs and struck out toward town to find breakfast for all of them.

He entered the diner near the rooming house and found Joel and Sue sitting in a booth.

"Hey, Frank. Where you been? I listened for your knock. Man, you look like you've crawled in a coal bin."

Frank ordered at the counter and stood by the booth as he waited for the food to be ready. "A coal bin would have been more fun. We worked until about five and then just fell into bed for a few hours. There's more cleanup to do. Listen, Joel, can you grab some fresh pants and shirts for me and Eddie? Just bring them to the Delta house. I don't want to take time now - everyone needs something to eat and there's still a lot to do."

"Sure thing. Sue and I will get them to you as soon as we're finished." 

"Thanks." Frank picked up the bags with the food and started out.

At the entrance to the campus a police patrol car blocked the street. An officer got out and approached Frank. "Son, this is a girl's school. With the fire and all I'm supposed to be keeping out everyone but students. For all I know you're the arsonist. You certainly look like you've been in a fire."

"I've been in the Delta house helping to clean up. Everyone in there has worked all night and with the kitchen out of commission there's nothing to eat. I'm in bringing some breakfast. I know the Delta girls appreciate your watching over them when we don't know for sure how the fire started. Look, officer, I know you've probably been here all night and I got a couple of extra coffees to offer the fire investigators. Would you like one? I have some donuts and sausage biscuits, too. You deserve it as much as they do."

The officer looked Frank over and decided his story had the ring of truth. "Yeah, I'd appreciate a coffee. Thanks."

He took the lid off a paper cup and tasted. "Sweet with cream, just the way I like it. Thanks again."

Frank left the officer leaning against his cruiser sipping his coffee and headed for the house. He found Margaret still huddled with the fire chief while Eddie and Doris sat on the front porch waiting to see what their next step would be. As Frank approached the conference broke up.

"I've got coffee and breakfast for everyone. You're welcome too, chief."

"Thanks, but I've already eaten and have a thermos of coffee. We're about to leave and go round up this Butch fellow."

While the fire crew shut down the fans and removed them from the building Frank spread out what he brought on one of the tables sitting on the lawn. "I got several extra coffees and there are a dozen donuts and ten sausage biscuits."

Margaret ripped the lid off a coffee and made a face. "I like mine black. Do you have any like that?"

"Nope. No matter how you like it you need energy to get you through the day. You need the cream and sugar. They all have extra cream and extra sugar."

Margaret grumbled but sipped the coffee while she tore into a biscuit. As they ate Margaret filled them in. "It definitely was arson. Whoever set it apparently doused kitchen towels in cooking grease and set them on the stove where the pilot light would ignite them. They determined there was a trail of towels over toward the window curtains. I have no idea how they figured that out. Everyone I've talked to remembers seeing Butch leave just before the fire was discovered."

Doris scowled. "The scumbag. And to think that I slept with him."

"You and half the other girls in the house."

Frank shook his head. "Margaret, the guys and I are certainly in no shape to leave today. Is there a phone around where I can make a collect call up to Western?"

"There are pay phones around but, as chapter president, I have a line in my room. You can use that one. No change is necessary, just dial."

Frank went in to make the call and came back out as everyone was finishing the last of the donuts. "I got ahold of Richard. He's going to make sure the Profs know what's going on. He said he was contacted at seven this morning by Grace from the Gamma Zeta house on our campus. Her sister, Barbara, had called from here and told her about the fire. The Western chapter is chipping in to help out with some immediate cash the girls can use to buy new clothes. They're also holding some sort of fund-raiser." 

Margaret said "I'll tell Barbara how much we appreciate that. There is so much to do, so much to think of. I called our Delta national office emergency line. Someone is coming here tomorrow to assess the situation so they can help us get back on our feet."

She looked around and sighed heavily. "I guess the next step is to see what of all this is salvageable. It would be good to get some things moved back in."

Frank said "Let's take a look at the stuff out back. The downstairs furniture just had water and may be dried enough to move back in. That would at least give you a place to sit and eat or have meetings. Don't know what we can do about this stuff here with the heavy smoke damage."

"Won't be much eating until we get a kitchen."

"Maybe the cafeteria would sort of cater or something."

"Hmm. Maybe they could fix some for us to take, if we picked it up. That's an idea I'll have to explore."

Doris volunteered "Hey, I'll go talk to them. If the Dean puts in a word it might help, too."

The four walked around to the back of the building to assess the state of the furniture and the basement floor.

Eddie noted "If we had some room fans the floor would dry off pretty quick. You know, those fans that move back and forth. We can move the furniture out into the sun to finish drying."

As they discussed where to move the furniture Joel and Sue showed up with a change of clothes for Frank and Eddie. When he heard the plan Joel offered to drive with Sue to a hardware store and buy some fans.

By lunch time the fans were whirring and the furniture had been moved out into the sun. Frank and Eddie changed clothes and the six went to the diner for lunch.

Over hamburgers and cokes they planned the rest of the afternoon. Margaret also reminded them "We got away with it one night, but I'm afraid you guys won't be allowed to stay on campus tonight, as much as I'd like you to."

"Yeah, we all need some sleep, anyway."

Sue was distressed. "I don't have a room. Mine was over the kitchen and I don't think I even have any books left, much less clothes or a place to stay. I want to stay with Joel."

"That will be awkward with four of us in one room."

Joel nudged Eddie "Maybe now that the weekend is over there will be another room available - hint, hint."

"We split the room cost three ways. Can you take one on by yourself?"

"Yeah. I brought a little extra cash"

Eddie sighed. "I don't know. I just don't know."

"We can sort that out later. Right now we have work to do."

Margaret said "The girls will be stopping by during the day to check on the condition of their rooms."

Sue asked "Joel, will you go up with me? I know there may not be much of anything useful left, but I have to make sure. I'd like some help."

Upon their return to campus Joel and Sue headed up the stairs just as Betty and several others arrived. Betty looked at the ruined building with dismay. Doris was quick to reassure her. "Betts, our end of the hall is pretty much okay. Mostly it just smells a bit. I spent the night last night, so I know."

Doris led Betty upstairs to check out her room, across from Doris'.

Several girls with rooms at the ruined end of the floor tossed sodden mattresses, ruined books and smoke-blacked clothes out the broken windows. The sounds of broken glass being picked up or the crunching sound of glass being stepped on echoed throughout. Several maintenance men helped Cookie in the kitchen, sorting out what could be salvaged and moving out ruined heavy items. 

Girls from other sororities pitched in to help. By mid-afternoon the downstairs was in some semblance of order. The maintenance crew promised to bring a truck in the morning to pick up the debris that had been tossed out. 

Eddie and Frank helped Margaret and a few other girls rip up the wet, sooty carpet on the main floor and haul it outside for disposal. Frank noted "Getting rid of that will help with the smell."

Margaret looked at the smoke-blackened walls and shook her head. "It will be even better when we can scrub these walls. When National gets here they may help with some paint and new windows. We've got some insurance, too."

Lisa stopped by looking for Margaret. "How can I help?"

"You can help by staying out of the way."

Lisa looked hurt. "Seriously, sis. I want to do something. I understand it was you who sent Frank to get me away from Butch. Now I want to help you."

Margaret looked at her younger sister. She was a tiny girl, barely five-feet, and that's why Margaret still thought of her as a little girl. Yet, her little sister was showing signs of growing up. "Okay, Lisa. Thanks for the offer. Go upstairs and see what you can do to help Sue and the others with rooms at that end of the building on the second and third floors. They have the most to do."

Late in the afternoon the Dean came by to see Margaret. "I just had a call saying they have that Butch fellow in custody. He admits everything. They're keeping him locked up."

"I was hoping it wasn't true."

"Well, at least that part of it is over. That means there were no fire violations that caused it, it was human hands that did it. Keep me posted on who is still staying elsewhere as the girls come back to the house."

"Will do, Dean. Thank you for everything you've done for us."

"You're welcome. One more thing, Margaret. No men in the house overnight."

Margaret reddened as the Dean walked away. She knew. Of course she did. It was her job to know everything that went on on campus.

By dinner time everyone was tired and hungry. Since they had been such a big help, the Dean offered to let the boys to eat in the cafeteria. Margaret gathered all the Deltas who showed up so they could eat together in one corner of the cafeteria dining area.

On the walk back to the Delta house Frank told Margaret "You've worked hard today. It's been emotionally draining for you, too. How about you get cleaned up and we'll take you to The Library to unwind."

"I need a shower first. Too bad you can't come with us tonight. I think we could have a more...interesting...shower experience." She grinned at Frank. "I promised I'd find a way to thank you. Not just for helping here, but for what you did for Lisa, too. Maybe we can come up with some ideas to explore."

"And I think I'd like to explore some ideas with you! Come by the rooming house when you are ready."

The boys went back to the rooming house to shower and change once again. Eddie grumbled, but he went along with the idea of getting another room, and Joel thanked him profusely.

The three eventually lounged on the steps of the rooming house, smoking. 

Eddie gave a start as he looked down the street. "Holy Christmas. What the hell is this?"

Frank and Joel looked up to see an entire posse of girls headed their way. Margaret. Doris. Sue. Catherine. Robin. All of them laughing as they sashayed down the street with their skirts swishing about them.

Margaret stood in front of the three guys. "We all worked hard and I didn't have any trouble talking some others into a nice relaxing visit to The Library. We may have to push several tables together so we can all sit together. After all, where else can a girl go to...study?" The other girls broke into laughter, as did the three boys. 

When they entered the establishment Doris headed for the bar to speak to the bartender and gestured toward the back of the room. After an approving nod Doris led the group to a booth in the back and pushed one of the larger tables against it.

Joel sat against the wall with Sue beside him. Frank and Doris sat at the table on the same side. Eddie found himself sandwiched between Catherine and Robin with Margaret on the end beside Robin.

A waitress showed up with eight draft PBR's and a large bowl of potato chips. Doris laughed as the bowl was passed around "You can count on them serving salty snacks so we stay thirsty!"

"Who buys the next round?" Joel asked.

Catherine and Robin answered in unison "We'll play the napkin game!" and then laughed hysterically as each of them rested a hand on Eddie's thighs under the table.

Margaret furrowed her brow. "Is there something I'm missing here?"

Catherine said "You had to have been there."

After two more rounds, bought by Catherine and Sue, the group got up to leave. Outside the bar entrance they pondered their next move. 

Margaret said "We have had a lot of help from our visitors, and I for one would like to thank them. I had an idea of going to the arboretum earlier, but we've grown into a larger group than I anticipated."

Doris threw out an idea out for consideration. "I know a place we can go where proper 'thanking' can take place in seclusion."

"Where?" asked Robin.

"Steele Reservoir Park."

"They're closed after dark. The gates are locked."

"Locked gates keep the masses out. I know a way in. We can even drive."

Catherine laughed. "you must know every place for miles around where certain physical activities can take place in seclusion."

Doris grinned. "You bet. Research is my specialty!"

Joel and Sue moved off to the side and talked in low voices before returning with their plan. "We'd like to be alone," Joel declared. 

Catherine stamped her foot. "Oh, pooh. If Joel's not going, how will we get there? We can't all fit in Doris' car."

Joel offered "Look, our decision means we won't be using my car. The rest of you can fit in it. Eddie, here are the keys. You can drive. Just bring it back in one piece."

Sue and Joel headed back to the rooming house and Doris called after them "Remember, Mrs. Kennedy goes to bed at nine. Plan accordingly!"

Joel waved in acknowledgement. 

As the group watched the pair depart arm in arm Margaret said "I've never seen Sue so attached to anybody. Will certainly never lavished attention on her like Joel does."

Frank shook his head in wonderment. "And I've never seen Joel act like this with any girl. He's more of a love-'em and leave-'em type. I do believe he is smitten."

Eddie jangled the keys. "Let's load up and head on out. Doris, you navigate to this apparently secret entrance."

Steele Reservoir is just outside town, and a large park encompasses it on three sides. Doris led them down a side road. "The bridle trails come along the road here and just ahead they turn into the park. Slow down. Turn right, here."

"I don't see anything to turn into."

"Trust me. See where the horses go? This is the only place wide enough for a car. Park maintenance uses it during the day. Not many people know about it."

Eddie found a packed gravel pathway through the trees, just wide enough for the car.

"Another good thing about this is you don't leave tire tracks."

After a couple of gentle curves they were completely out of sight of the road and soon found a side track leading to the main parking lot.

"Kill the lights, Eddie. Someone's here."

Eddie switched off the lights and rolled to a stop. The group could just make out another vehicle on the far side of the parking lot.

Doris peered intently. "It's okay. A few others know about this entrance. From the looks of the car they haven't noticed us. Eddie, go slow around the perimeter of the lot so we can give them some privacy."

As they went around the lot everyone watched the other car rocking.

"Looks like they're busy," Catherine observed. "Maybe someone else is getting 'thanked'."

Doris pointed. "Eddie, follow the road to the left. That leads to the big picnic shelter on the hilltop overlooking the reservoir."

Steering by moonlight Eddie slowly maneuvered the Packard up to a smaller parking area near a large covered picnic shelter. "Here we are, boys and girls! Plenty of places to sit, tables to lay on if that's your preference, and a wide expanse of soft grass just on the other side. There are even restrooms! Everybody out!"

The six wandered around for a few minutes, exploring the facility Doris had led them to.

"Man," Robin mused, "we didn't stop to pick up anything to drink."

Margaret replied "Just as well. We've worked so hard at the house that if I had any more alcohol I'd go to sleep." She looked directly at Frank and continued "and I don't intend to sleep just yet!"

Robin said "Has anybody noticed that we have more girls than boys?"

"No worries," Doris said assuringly. "I have a plan. I think Margaret may have an inkling of what it is."

"Does it have anything to do with something that happened at the beach last spring?"

"It has everything to do with something that happened at the beach."

"Richard was there and we tried to wear him out. Richard isn't here. Do you boys think you can handle it?"

Frank and Eddie looked at each other and Frank said "Richard never told us anything about that weekend, but I can assure you we will do everything in our power to uphold the reputation of Alpha Delta!"

Doris beamed. "That's what I like to hear! Listen up everyone and I'll fill you in on how Betty and I jumped Richard together. I understand he also worked with Lisa and Emily together. I don't know what he did with them, but I can give some first-hand info on possible ways to do it."

Doris went into great detail about how she and Betty had both had sex with Richard at the same time and ended with "is everybody ready to play?"

"Who goes with who?" Catherine asked.

Margaret was quick to answer "I don't know about anyone else, but I have said I would personally thank Frank."

Catherine and Robin gravitated to Eddie. "We have some unfinished business."

Doris clapped her hands in delight. "Maggs, it looks like you and I are to be a dynamic duo!"

"I didn't do anything with Richard except alone, so I didn't have anything to do with that duo business."

"I promise you will have a good time and Frank will be well thanked. In fact, he is likely to be so well thanked that one of us may very well have to drive us all back to campus!"

***********************************************************************

Joel and Sue quietly went up the outside stairs to the second floor of the rooming house. Sue explained that Robin had loaned her some clothes to wear in place of her fire-damaged wardrobe. 
