 Joel, Frank and Eddie have been invited to a September weekend visit to Delta Omega Gamma sorority at Sarah Smith College with some girls they met at the beach the previous spring. The day they arrived they met a number of girls and spent an adventurous Friday evening with three of them. Saturday morning finds the trio meeting for a picnic prior to the big party planned at the house Saturday evening. Doris, the ringleader of the weekend adventures has something more than food in mind. 

*****

Eddie and Frank awoke Saturday morning in the room the three guys shared at the rooming house near the Sarah Smith campus. They dressed and decided to leave Joel to sleep while they went out for breakfast. Upon return they found Joel still passed out on the bed in his clothes from the day before.

"Hey, Joel," Frank said as he shook him awake, "time to get up, man."

"Wha...what time is it?"

"It's after ten. Man, you look like a train hit you."

"I feel like it."

"We brought you some coffee, a biscuit and a piece of ham we saved from our breakfast. That diner down the street sure is good."

Joel gulped some coffee, split the biscuit, put the ham between the pieces and wolfed it down. He quickly showered, shaved and dressed and then finished the coffee. "I feel a lot better with some rest and food."

"We need to get going. I think we're supposed to meet them at eleven thirty, with the car."

At eleven twenty-five the gray Packard coupe rolled up in front of the sorority house and they found Doris waiting on the steps. "Hey, guys. Sleep good?"

"We're ready for whatever you have in mind. Well, most of us are. I'm not sure about Joel, though," Eddie laughed.

Doris touched Joel's cheek and grinned. "What's the matter, big guy? Up too late last night?" 

Joel grumbled "I don't know how you can be so energetic after last night."

"Oh, I feel great! Ready for more! Maybe I'll have to go easier on you today. We'll see." Doris gestured toward a little red MG convertible with the top down parked nearby. "We certainly can't all fit into my car, but I've already got the boot full of food, blankets and towels. Someone can ride with me and the rest can follow along in your car." She looked over her shoulder at the house door. "I don't know what's keeping the other two. Let me run inside and round them up."

The three guys looked at each other wondering what Doris was doing with blankets and towels as Doris bounded up the steps. In a couple of minutes she emerged with two other girls and made introductions.

"Guys, here is Betty. I think you might remember her from the beach. Our other companion today is Barbara. She was at the beach also, but you didn't meet her, although Richard did. She's another Gamma Zeta, like Mary, but is a good friend. Betty, Barbara, here are Joel, Eddie and Frank. I think you may have met briefly yesterday. Who's going to ride with me?"

Joel nudged Frank, who grinned and said "I've always wanted to ride in one of those little cars."

"Hop aboard. Joel, follow me."

The MG sputtered to life and Doris threw it into first gear, popped the clutch, and was off, her silk scarf and blond hair blowing in the breeze. Joel's Packard followed smoothly behind. During the ride Barbara sat in the front seat with Joel and Betty sat in the back with Eddie.

They drove out of town on a highway, then turned onto a back road. Doris finally slowed to a stop and got out to open a gate blocking a rutted dirt road of sorts. They bounced along with branches from bushes beside the road scraping along the sides of the Packard, and the MG dodged the deeper ruts.

"Where the hell is she taking us?" Betty asked as they bounced along.

Barbara shook her head. "I have no idea. I hope we don't get stuck. It's a long walk back to campus."

At last the MG pulled into a clearing and rolled to a stop. Joel brought the Packard up beside it. Everyone got out and looked about in wonder at a grassy clearing on the banks of a stream, tumbling over some rapids and emptying into a wide pool. Doris held her arms wide apart. "Ta daa!"

"How did you ever find this place?" Betty asked. "I've never been here before."

"Adele's great uncle owns the land. He used to have a large farm, but has had some health issues and has let it go. The land on the other side of the paved road he rents out to tenants to farm, but this side has grown up for several years. Adele brought me here freshman year when the land was a little more open. This is Kylie Creek and it was a favorite spot of Adele's growing up. I think you can see why. She used to sit in the shade of this big tree on a hot day. She said her uncle would tell her stories under the tree when she was a little girl. Pretty good spot, huh? Nice and secluded."

Doris open the back of the MG and everyone helped unpack some food baskets and a bundle of blankets and towels. The blankets were quickly spread out and the picnic baskets opened. Sandwiches were handed out and Betty poured iced tea from several thermos bottles into Dixie cups. Doris reached under the seat of her car and produced two bottles. "Here's something I smuggled onto campus for just such an occasion. I've got some Jack Daniels and some Cutty Sark to spice up the tea a little. Who wants what?" 

The bourbon and scotch bottles were passed around and liberally poured into the tea.

After eating and downing several cups of "iced tea" everyone began to feel mellow. Doris stood and said "I know you are all wondering why we came here to picnic when there are some perfectly nice spots near campus. The answer is that you can't swim at those perfectly nice spots."

"Swim?" Barbara asked. "You didn't say anything about swimming. If we'd known that you had swimming in mind we all would have worn our suits."

"We are already wearing suits, Babs."

"You mean...skinny dip?"

"Anyone ever done coed skinny dipping? No? It's loads of fun." Doris proceeded to strip off her blouse and bra, then dropped her skirt and panties. "Come on! Last one in is a rotten egg!" she called over her shoulder as she bounded down to the edge of the pool and waded in. She dove under and shook her hair when she surfaced.

Everyone looked around at each other, waiting for someone to go first. Betty turned bright red. 

"Oh, what the hell," Barbara said as she began to undress. Frank and Eddie stood and began to undress also. Betty hesitantly undressed. Soon clothing was strewn about on the blankets. Eddie took Betty by the hand and led her to the water and waded in, followed by Frank and Barbara. Joel had tried to remove his pants before he took his shoes off and the cuff of one leg caught on his heel and he fell over, tugging at the balky pant leg, now turned inside out. When he freed himself he dashed down to the water as Doris said "Looks like Joel is the rotten egg!"

"Shut up, Doris."

The six dove, dunked each other and began a chicken fight with Betty on Eddies muscular shoulders, Barbara on Joel, and Doris perched on Frank. After much laughing and splashing Eddie and Betty were the last ones left standing, arms raised in triumph. Doris swam over and dove under water to grab Eddie's penis, causing him to yell and dump Betty into the clear, cool water and everyone laughed, Eddie and Betty included.

Doris took Frank's hand and led him to some deep water near a fallen tree, partially hidden from the main part of the pool. "Ever done it in the water?"

"Uh, no. But there's always a first time."

"Just what I like to hear. Someone else with spirit of adventure!"

"But my protection is in my pants pocket."

"Don't need it here. Trust me, I've done this before," she said as she kissed him. He held her breasts in his hands and began to knead them and pull gently on the nipples.

"I like that," she said, kissing him again. One hand went behind her and grabbed her butt cheek, then moved around to the front. She dipped a hand into the water and found his rapidly growing member. She murmured approval when he found her nub and played with it. He alternated teasing her clit with inserting fingers into her vagina, making curling motions with his fingers inside. He continued his attention to her breast, conveniently right in front of his face, and sucked on it, taking as much as he could into his mouth to run his tongue over the nipple, and then backed off and pulled on the nipple with his lips. "Oh, yesss." She moaned.

After the comment Joel had made about her the night before he slipped under the water and tried to take one of her labia between his lips, and briefly use his tongue on the swollen clit. When he came up for air she kissed him hard and pumped his penis in her fist. He noted what had gotten the most response from her and plunged his fingers into her again as he pulled on a nipple with his lips again and again. She began to writhe. "Take me, now!"

Frank put his arms around her back to lift himself up to meet her. When she realized his difficulty due to her height, she bent at the knees, lowering herself to his level. He felt her squeeze him as he slid into her and she put her arms around his neck and wrapped her legs around his waist. He easily supported her with her weight partially buoyant in the water. They thrust together with him almost coming out on each backward motion and slamming into her with each forward thrust. "Let me know when you are ready," she whispered into his ear, and he nodded in response.

Her thrusting and writhing became wilder and the others in the group stopped their playing around to stare in the direction of the commotion. She let out a cry and held him tight as she climaxed. Frank continued to thrust into the amazingly tight vagina that gripped his penis in strong contractions. She began to subside when he said "I'm almost there."

She unwrapped herself from him and grabbed his erection as it slid out of her. She squeezed him in her fist and pumped wildly until he exploded into the water. He watched as jet after jet of ropy white semen was expelled into the clear water to be carried away with the gentle current in the pool.

When he was finished she asked "What do you think now about doing it in the water?"

He panted "Wow. I like it. I'll have to do that again sometime."

"Who knows? We might get another chance later."

He put an arm around her neck and kissed her as he cradled a breast in his hand. "Ooh, I think I like you, Frank."

The others watched with interest as Doris and Frank climaxed and continued to play. Eddie had one arm around Betty and unconsciously caressed one of her breasts while Barbara held Joel's penis while staring at Doris and Frank.

When he realized what he was doing, Eddie took his hand away from Betty and she blushed.

"Sorry," he said.

"It's okay. I kind of like your touch. I don't like it when guys get all grabby, but your touch was nice and gentle. You can do it some more."

Eddie kissed her and gently caressed a breast. Betty closed her eyes and relaxed in his arms. He broke the kiss and lowered his head to cradle a breast and kiss it. When he raised up to kiss her again their bodies came in contact and his erection rubbed against her hair. She raised up and spread her legs momentarily so his penis went between them and then put her legs together again with his erection nestled between her warm thighs.

She seemed to like for him to fondle her breasts, so he continued to do so. Eventually a hand trailed down her chest, down into the hair and explored her. Something was different down there, and his fingers explored a large protrusion. She tensed and bit her lower lip and blushed.

"Don't you like it when I touch you there?"

"It's just that I'm different. I'm never sure how a guy is going to react. It scares some guys off."

She waded over to where the stream emptied into the pool and sat on an exposed rock that had just a thin film of water running over it. Once on the rock she drew her legs up and hugged her knees. Eddie boosted himself up beside her and put an arm around her shoulders. "What's the matter?"

"I just get embarrassed when anyone touches me there." She blushed again.

"Just because you're different is no reason to be embarrassed. It seems you have something unique, something that begs to be explored. Please, teach me how you like it to be touched."

"I don't know...I like to be touched other places."

"But not there? Why? I'd love to touch it. Touch it just the way that makes you feel good. All girls have one, yours is just a little bigger. What do you think caused Doris to cry out? I'll bet it was because Frank was touching her there. I have an idea. Just let me try something and if you don't like it just say so and I'll stop. Rule Number one."

"You know Richard's Rules?"

"Of course. He taught them to us freshman year."

"Well...okay, as long as you'll stop if I want to."

"I promise."

Tentatively Betty took her arms away from her knees and opened her legs slightly.

Eddie kissed her and caressed a breast before moving downward. He slid his fingers between her labia and when he thrust them into her vagina she slid her heels off the rock in front of her and opened her legs wider. When he felt the warm fluid on his hand he explored the huge protruding clit. He squeezed it gently and ran a finger from deep between her labia all the way to the exposed tip. Her body quivered.

"Do you like it?"

"Oh, yes. I usually don't let guys touch me like that. But I like when it rubs against you here." She placed a hand on his pubic bone, in the hair just above his penis. 

"We can do that if you want to. Let's go over and claim a blanket."

Betty slid off the rock and swam toward the stream bank, with Eddie right behind her. Once ashore they grabbed a couple of towels to dry off and then pulled one of the blankets out of the shade and into the sun.

Betty laid back and Eddie propped himself on an elbow next to her. "I think you are about the prettiest girl I have ever met." He grazed a hand over the skin of her chest and abdomen. "You have the most gorgeous flawless complexion, sort of an olive shade, and your hair..." He ran fingers through her wet hair and then down to the black patch and brushed it from side to side, barely grazing the tip of her protruding clit. "I'm a sucker for black hair."

He turned his attention to her breasts. "These are lovely. I could spend all day just caressing them."

Betty sighed in contentment as Eddie's fingers explored her body. He kissed her, then moved his kisses to her breasts as his hand slid between her labia. He was rewarded with another gush of wetness on his fingers. Her breath became shorter when his fingers entered her, and she ran her fingers through his hair.

"I've just got to try something. Remember, you can stop me if you don't like it."

He kissed her lips, face and neck, working his way down her body. At her breasts he paused to play his tongue over a nipple. Moving on, he kissed further down, swirling his tongue in her navel. He nuzzled the black patch of hair and breathed on the clit poking out from it. He sensed her tensing, yet she continued to comb his hair with her fingers. His fingers entered her and she moaned. When his lips encircled the clit she gave a gasp of pleasure. He gently tugged on it with his lips and sucked on it. He used his tongue to lick the length of it and she suddenly climaxed, wetness gushing about his face and hand as she arched her back and moaned loudly. She wrapped her legs around his head to press it into her.

When she regained her breath he began on her breasts again. This time her fingers reached for his erection, squeezing, pulling. "I want you inside me. I want to feel that part of me rub against you."

Eddie retrieved his last condom from his pants and put it on. She caressed the length of him and guided him into her hot, wet sheath. He began to thrust, every few strokes grinding against her protruding clit. Thrusts became harder and faster. She began to pant. When he erupted inside her she reached another climax, writhing under him, grinding against him. Her hands flew behind him and grabbed his butt to pull him as tight against her as possible and she continued to grind against him until she collapsed back, exhausted, on the blanket, bathed in sweat. He rolled off of her and stroked her hair. "What do you think of that thing of yours now?"

"I wish I hadn't been so sensitive about it. Oh, my!"

Joel and Barbara had been playing around in the water, splashing and diving under the water - she trying to grab his penis and he trying to grab a breast or stick a finger inside her. Their playing stopped again as they watched Betty's orgasm. Barbara's hand rested on his erect penis and stroked it as Betty orgasmed a second time.

Joel embraced her in a kiss and she mashed her breasts against his chest. "Here or on the dry ground?" he whispered in her ear.

"Right here, right now. Can you make me come twice like she did?"

"I can sure try."

Joel's experience with girls had always involved him as the aggressor. He had never thought about a girl's climax, assuming that she did when he did. His night with Doris had taught him some rudiments of pleasing a girl, however. As they kissed he reached for a breast to caress. He moved his kiss to a breast and slid a hand between her thighs. She spread them apart, welcoming him. He was more than pleased to enter her with two fingers. She stroked the length of him and he began to feel the urgency. He moved his fingers to her clit and rubbed over it. The sensations of her fingers on him were too much for him, and he quickly entered her and began to thrust. He kissed her and kneaded a breast, but his own desire took over and he thrust harder and faster. Just in time he remembered that he didn't have any protection on, and withdrew just as his climax began. He grabbed himself and within three or four pumps had emptied himself into the water. 

"Oh, gosh, Barbara. I couldn't help it. I'm sorry. You'd think I would know better."

Barbara glared at him. "You'd better make it up to me, right now!"

"I can get it back in a few minutes."

"I don't want to wait a few minutes. If you can't do it I'll do it myself."

Joel was horrified. That would be humiliating. He had never left a female so completely unfulfilled that she would masturbate, and he wasn't sure exactly what to do. He realized that he had to keep her happy until he had another serviceable erection.

Remembering Doris, he used his lips to pull on her nipples and fingers to tease her clit. Her look at him softened as she felt the familiar pleasure building up. He rubbed his hand in her crease, from the vagina to the clit. This time when his fingers entered her, her eyes closed. Joel felt himself hardening as a surge returned to his penis. He knew he wouldn't be ready to climax again very soon, so used his penis strictly as a pleasure tool for her. He rubbed it against her clit and then rubbed it between the labia. With his free hand he kneaded a breast and rubbed a thumb over the nipple. Her breathing pattern indicated she was on the up-side of a climax. He inserted his penis into her and began to thrust hard. She met him thrust for thrust, their bodies slamming into each other. Barbara threw her head back and let out a little cry, and he felt the familiar pulsing of her vagina squeezing him. 

When she regained control of herself she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. "That's more like it. You're lucky I don't require a lot of foreplay."

He, still not fully erect, slid out of her and they waded toward the shore. "Let's do the second time on dry land," he said, trying to buy some more time for recovery.

Meanwhile, Doris was not finished with Frank. "Have you ever tried swimming while doing it?"

"Is that possible?"

"I don't know. Let's find out. Are you ready to go again?"
