 Oh, I was young at the time.  I had just graduated from college and was doing the backpack thing with my friends through Europe.  We had gone down to Greece and Italy and were now in the South of France.  We had already gotten past our inhibitions about going topless, and were thinking we were so sophisticated.  Poor by the South of France’s standards, but sophisticated.  And that’s what got me into trouble.   Where my friends were satisfied sitting on the beach and watching the money walk by.  I wanted to be a part of that. 

So off I went, flirting with the men and women on the beach.  Asking where the parties were.  Asking who was who and trying in a way to fit into the whole scene.  Not putting my top on when going to a bar, dressing only in a thin sarong over my thong bikini.  

After three days my friends wanted to move on.  But me?  I wanted to stay and soak it up.  So they left me in our rooming house and we agreed to meet in Paris in a week.  It was on my first night out, that I dressed in even less than I normally did, feeling the freedom I now enjoyed.  And the couple I met picked up on that right away. They lived in the town, in a little villa in the hills.  We danced and drank and danced some more.  His wife and I vamping for him.  For me, it was just harmless fun.  For them, well…… after the dancing and quite a bit of Sangria, I agreed to join them in their pool, overlooking the town and the beach.  

When we got there, we all ran like little kids into the pool, dropping out clothes as we dived in.  The pool was warm and wonderful.  The view was even better.  And after a moment, I began to clear my head a bit.  Watching Sara, his wife, climb the ladder out of the pool. She was amazing.  Tall and tanned all over, with firm breasts that seemed to point up to the stars.  Roberto soon followed her.  His body, tanned and lean.  And his cock, a well proportioned monster that swayed as he walked. He moved to sit in one of the lounge chairs and she sat beside him.  They both looked at me as she started to stroke his cock to hardness. And there I stayed, my mind capturing, but not fully comprehending. Watching as she bent over to suck his cock.  After several licks, her mouth covered that muscle, and didn’t stop until they had deep throated him.  

She stopped for a moment and called to me.  “Laura.  Don’t you want any?”  

It was my moment of truth.  Stay in the pool and let it go by, or become a part of what I wanted to badly.  So I stood up and walked my tanned, nude body to them.  My firm young breasts swaying only slightly as I knelt down across from her, and started to suck the cock offered to me.  I could feel his hand on the back of my head as my lips moved back and forth on his cock.  I could feel her fingers massaging his balls, her hair as she also sucked and licked him.  I was lost in the rapture of it all.  His fingers probing my pussy, finding their way inside.  And then a tongue, silkly and soft against my clit.  It was her.  Her mouth caressing my sex.  And it felt so good.  

I allowed my hand to move down, to feel his balls.  I could feel him raising his ass, so I let my fingers trail down and insert them into his anus.  And as I did so, I could feel her tongue move across mine, her fingers probing my ass and my pussy.  It was all so beyond what I had ever wanted.  

I felt Sara’s hands on my face, pulling me back, leading me to lie down on a lounger.  Spreading my legs and holding one up as Roberto put his massive cock inside me.  She caressed my clitoris as he slowly and methodically moved his muscle within my sex.  I was so wet and wanting, that I barely moved, watching the two of them bring me to orgasm again and again and again.  

So when Sara stepped over me, lowering her sex onto my lips, I could do nothing but feast in her wetness.  My tongue delving into the folds of her sex.  My mouth filling with the smells and stickiness of her pussy.  All the while, feeling him enter me.  

The night continued like that.  Me rimming, sucking, eating whatever was put before me.  Them fucking me, spraying cum on me, Sara nudging me to share his cum with her.  It would have all been gross to me a week before.  But they were so beautiful, so wealthy, and so elegant that I just wanted to take more and please them.

Then next day, I moved my things into their house.  Taking a small room off of theirs.  I spent the day with Sara, sunning and sipping on a cocktail.  Letting her play with me, finger me, fuck me with her toys.  Taking my time to learn how to go down on her, Even letting her introduce me to the pleasures of anal sex.  She with a thin dildo, sliding it in and out of me, while talking to me about how beautiful I was, how much fun we were going to have.  

When the bell rang, Sara put on a summer dress, telling me to stay where I was as she got the door.  I felt myself falling back into sleep when she left, waking to find myself still lying nude, only now, standing in front of me was Roberto, having returned with three business associates.  They were all dressed casually, but nice.  

And they all milled around, looking at my nudeness on the lounger.  A series of toys spread out around me.  I started to jump up, to get dressed.  Mortified that I was like this.  But Sara put a hand on my shoulder and pushed me back down.  She kissed me on the lips, and let her hand caress my nipple.  I calmed a bit, but was still nervous.  She smiled and said it was alright.  That these were business friends.  And that I should just enjoy.  

I felt her hand move to my now almost shaved pussy and start to caress my nub.  I was still nervous, and behind my sunglasses I’m sure they couldn’t see the fear in my eyes.  But when I felt her fingers, and continued to hear her words, I just lay back and let it happen.  Still in her yellow sundress, she began to caress my pussy in front of these men, whom I could tell were enjoying the show.  

I let my head fall back and enjoyed the ministrations of her hands.  My mouth must have been open, because I felt a cock touch my lips.  Well, not really touch my lips, as much as slide past them.   The vibrator that now inched inside me, sending me into a series of blinding orgasms only urged me onward to suck deeper.  The hands that were now on my breasts, feeling my nipples, pulling them upward. The cock that was in my mouth and the other one in my pussy.  The lips that caressed both my lips and the cock I was sucking on.  I knew in the back of my head, that I was now what my friends would be calling a gangbang cum slut.  But it didn’t matter.  Every time I opened my eyes, there was this scene of beautiful people, tanned and tall.  The view beyond the pool, the cypress trees and the bay.  The blue sky, and the warm wet feeling of my orgasms.  I sucked the cum down as it was sprayed into my throat.  I relished having it on me, feeling even more wonton than before.  And more than anything, I loved the approving smiles Sara gave me as I came.  

And that is how I spent my week.  My days shopping with Sara.  Picking up new things everywhere we went.  My afternoons fucking and sucking Roberto and Sara’s friends.  On one day, I followed Sara’s lead, and let the manager of a local bar fuck me behind the bar.  My hands on the bar as if I were serving, my pussy filled with his cock, his fingers finding their way into my ass.  My breasts being caressed by Sara who pretended to be a customer.  And when I left, I could feel his cum dripping down my leg, beneath my sarong. 

On another day, I went down on a shopgirl while trying on a new outfit.  Her sitting back in the changing rooms, as I knelt before her, eating her out, feeling Sara’s fingers enter me, pushing into and stretching my ass as I wiggled it for her.