 Sophomore year in college, I started dating a sorority girl. Molly was nice, good looks but a pretty boring personality, but I had been without a steady girlfriend since I had gotten to school, so she fit the bill I was looking for.

Her sorority was the one on campus with the worst reputation. Her sisters were always drunk at the bars and going home with guys whose names they didn't even know. I had even hooked up with one of them when we were both freshmen.

Our relationship was pretty boring. I had never been a huge partier, and enjoyed just staying in and playing cards with friends or watching movies on Friday and Saturday nights. She wasn't a big partier either, so rarely did we venture out into the party/club/bar scene that most of our campus spilled out onto.

Despite the fact that she didn't party, Molly wasn't a prude. We had begun sleeping together only a few weeks after we had started dating, and had done it not long after that. I won't lie and say that she was open to anything and that the sex was mind-blowing, but she wasn't a dead fish either.

About four months after we'd starting dating, Molly's big sister in the sorority, Carla, got dumped by her boyfriend of a couple years. Carla and Molly were very close, so we had a third wheel for a week or so as she got over the break-up.

Carla was an absolute knockout. I'd heard rumors that she'd worked as a stripper, and had no doubt whatsoever that those rumors were true. She was tiny, only about 5'2", with long, curly black hair that pegged her as Italian, and curves that were almost unbelievable. She was also one of those girls who could just dance to anything, and just watching her grind with guys on the dance floor gave you a hard-on, knowing what she would be like in bed. She also was from Virginia, and had a great Southern accent that she could turn on and off when necessary.

Since she was now single for the first time in years, Molly and I set Carla up on several dates with our friends, none of which went anywhere, although at least one of the guys confided that they had slept together, and it was fantastic.

Anyways, a few months after the breakup, I was getting ready for the granddaddy of all college birthdays, my 21st. I knew Molly has something big planned, because every time we spoke about my birthday, she wouldn't make eye contact. I tried to find out what it was, but even asking her friends, I got no response.

My birthday fell on a Saturday, so Friday night my friends got me absolutely destroyed before dumping me off at my apartment, where Molly and I had drunken sex. Or at least that's what she told me, since I had no memory of most of the night.

I woke up Saturday morning with a wicked hangover and a note from Molly on my bedside table that read:

Hope you feel ok today honey, because I'm taking you out to dinner and a surprise tonight. I'll pick you up at 6. – Molly

I took the next couple hours to recover and clean up, and was waiting outside when Molly pulled up. She definitely was not dressed in her usual jeans and a t-shirt. Her long, dirty blonde hair was down and fell over her bare shoulders. Her dark blue top came up over her breasts and tied behind her neck, showing some great cleavage. She had on a white skirt that was tight over her ass, and then flared out on the edge about halfway down her thighs, showing her tan legs. All in all, she looked absolutely edible, which I was sure to tell her after I kissed her hello.

"So, where do you want to go tonight?" She asked.

"Umm, I don't know. I thought you had the whole night planned."

"Maybe I do, and maybe I don't." Ahh, the opaque logic of the college female.

"Ok, so where are we going then?"

"How about Marino's?"

"That's kinda far away, isn't it?"

"Yeah, but I heard it's really good, and made reservations weeks ago, so we're going, ok?"

"That's fine with me. I love good Italian."

"I know you do." She giggled after that, which kind of worried me a little.

The drive out to Marino's took almost a half-hour, which we spent in that comfortable silence that couples can have. I spent some of the time resting my eyes, as I was still at only about 90%.

Molly pulled into the restaurant and parked. As I unbuckled and got ready to get out, she said "Wait."

I watched her take a deep breath, and take my hand.

"Baby, do you remember the conversation we had last night?"

I shook my head no, since most of the night before was completely in the dark.

"Well, at one point last night when we were alone, I told you a secret about my sorority. Do you remember that?"

Again I shook my head no, although the wheels were turning now, hoping to remember something.

She had both hands holding mine now as she spoke again.

"Well, we have this tradition in my sorority that's pretty freaky, so you can't tell anyone about it, ok?"

I nodded, wondering what I was in for.

"After a guy has dated a sister for six months, he is allowed a certain… privilege."

"Ok…" I was completely lost now, but we had just celebrated our six month anniversary a week earlier, so whatever she was telling me I was now 'eligible' for.

"He is allowed the privilege of having relations with another sister in the sorority, if both his girlfriend and the other sister agree. It's supposed to support sisterly bonding, and show that our relationship as sisters is more important…"

Molly kept talking at this point, but my mind was running at 100 miles a minute, picturing all of the gorgeous sisters in Molly's sorority, and… wow.

"So baby, I asked you last night which of any of my sisters you would sleep with if given the chance. Do you remember what you said?"

I didn't, but I knew who I would have answered: Carla. There had been a night where we had both slept over at Molly's, me in the bed and Carla on the couch. I had woken up to go the bathroom, and walked by Carla on the couch. It was a hot, summer night, and in the moonlight, I could see she was sleeping nude. She was lying on her back, one arm up over her head, the other across her stomach. Her large nipples stood on end, pointing at the ceiling, and her bare crotch covered in shadows. All in all, I'd wished I'd had the guts to photograph her. I still pictured her once in a while when having sex with Molly, wishing it was her. Oh yeah, Molly.

"No honey, still drawing a blank."

"Well you gave me some drunken line about how I'm the one and only, and then you said that if given the choice, you would choose my big sister."

"Yeah, I probably would."

"Well, I talked to Carla this morning, and she agreed to it."

What? This is all real. And happening? "Ok, what does that mean?"

"It means that I'm not going out to dinner with you tonight. Carla is."

"Honey, are you sure about this?"

"Yeah, I'm fine with it. Last year I slept with Carla's ex, so this is kinda coming full circle."

This bit of information bothered me on some deep level, but I filed it away for something to bring back up later. Back to Molly again.

"Ok, so what are you going to do?"

"I'm gonna get some takeout, watch a movie, and wait for you guys."

"Ok, I guess." At this, I began thinking about whether I could wait through a full Italian dinner before I got to play with Carla. Nope, definitely couldn't.

"Honey, why don't we all just get takeout and go back to your place instead? I don't want you to be sitting there alone while I'm out with your big sister."

"Well, I don't know if I want to be there. I might… get mad."

At that, I remembered how jealous Molly got. If we were out together and my eyes lingered too long on any female specimen, I would receive a dirty look. I had even had to change teammates for a project in one of my classes because the girl and I had a history, which had infuriated Molly.

"Well honey, wouldn't you rather know what happened, rather than guess?"

Molly was getting upset now and almost started to cry. I wrapped my arms around her, kissing her forehead.

"Listen, I don't have to do this if you don't want me to. I love you too much to hurt you like that." But I really want to fuck your big sister.

"No, its ok. I'd be in trouble with the sisters if I didn't give you the privilege."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah."

"Well, can I ask something then?"

"Sure."

"Can you be there too?"

"You mean, like a threesome?"

"Yeah." The thought of Molly and Carla going at it now jumped into my head.

"Umm, I don't know. No one's ever asked before."

"Well if it's not explicitly banned, it must be ok, right?"

"Yeah, I guess so. But I don't know if Carla would be ok with it. I'm not sure if I would be ok with it."

"Honey, I don't mean I want you and Carla 69ing like a pair of bull-dykes, but I don't want you to feel left out." Actually, I did want to watch them 69, but right now, I was working my angle.

"Ok, I guess. Let me call Carla."

I got out of the car for a minute for a breath of fresh air, and about a minute later, I saw Carla come out of the restaurant, smile and wave.

Where Molly had utilized her assets to look good enough to turn heads, Carla had used hers to look good enough to end marriages. Her hair was flowing in the breeze, and she had on the tiniest little red dress. I had handkerchiefs with more fabric on them. It tied around her neck, leaving her shoulders and back bare. It maybe came down an inch past her ass, and she had on a pair of stilettos that would break the ankles of most women just for looking at them. 

She came across the parking lot to me, smiling a giant grin at me. I was speechless, but it didn't seem to matter. She didn't say a word, just came up to me, leaned up, put her arms around my neck, and proceeded to stick her tongue so far down my throat she probably could taste the alcohol from the night before.

After about ten seconds, she broke the kiss and stepped back.

"Molly said you were great in bed and had a huge thang. Can't wait to try it out."

With that, she got into the back seat of Molly's car, and pulled me in after her.

The ride back to Molly's place consisted of her filling Carla in on all the freaky things we had done, Carla telling us how hot that made her, and me blushing like a ripe tomato. Carla also began to run her hand up my leg, and by the time that we reached Molly's apt, my cock could have hammered in a nail.

After getting to Molly's apartment, locking the door and closing the shades, we proceeded to call for a pizza. With 30 minutes to wait, I sat down on the couch and turned on the tv. As I flipped for something decent to watch, I was aware of two pairs of eyes staring me down. I turned to see two angry females, hands on hips, faces set on murder.

"What?"

"You're just going to sit there?" Molly's voice sounded more shocked than anything.

"Well yeah, the food's not going to be here and I didn't think…"

"Baby, I can do a lot in a half hour." Carla stepped over towards me as she said this, and the implied pleasure in her tone could have melted Antarctica. 

"Oh-Ok." I quickly turned the TV off as Carla sat across my lap and ran her hands through my hair.

"Molly, Ahm really glad y'all decided on me. He's such a cutie." With that, she leaned in and kissed me on the lips again.

"Well Carla, it was his choice, not mine. I'm just here to watch."

"Mol, Ahm shore there's moh than enough to go around. Come kiss your boy." The accent was thickening, as was my cock, as Molly set down her purse, and came and sat on the couch next to me, unsure of how to proceed. In that we were lucky though, because Carla was most surely in charge.

"Boys and girls, this here couch is not gonna be big enough for the things Ah plan on doin. Can we move into the bedroom?" With that, she took us each by the hand, and led us down the hall to Molly's room.

After we got there, she sat us on the bed next to her. Carla then proceeded to kiss me, and unbutton the shirt I was wearing, until it hit the floor. She then moved over to Molly, who seemed surprised by her kiss, but didn't resist. Her shirt too, hit the floor. Carla then moved back to me, and pulled me into a long, passionate kiss as she ran her hands over my chest and back, before moving down and unbuckling my belt and pants. She then reached inside them, pulled my cock which lifted my hips, and removed my pants, but left my boxers on. 

She then moved over to Molly, and did the same, spending more time on her nipples and tits, before heading south again. Her hands snaked up under Molly' skirt, and I heard a gasp of surprise and figured Carla must have hit the Holy Land. Her hand came back out though, and I heard her whisper: 

"Why you dirty girl. You forgot to put on your panties."

Molly smiled at this, blushing. Carla pulled her to her feet now, and sat down herself. She kissed Molly's chest, sucking on a nipple. She turned and looked at me as she did so, and said:

"You know she has another one."

I didn't need a second invitation, and slid closer, diving into Molly's other nipple as if it was the elixir of life. Carla's little hands also had Molly's skirt up to her waist now, and I could see her caressing my girlfriend's ass, pinching and rubbing.

This continued for several minutes, and suddenly I felt Molly shudder, and saw that Carla had started to rub Molly's crotch again. Molly spread her legs slightly, as one of Carla's fingers slipped into her. Carla raised that finger to her mouth, and sucked it lightly.

My cock had shot right out of my boxers now, and I saw Molly glance at it and giggle. This drew Carla's attention, and she snaked her free hand down, pulled off my boxers, and began to play with my member, running her hand all over my crotch.

I decided I had done all I could do to Molly's nipple, and sat back, enjoying Carla's tiny hand on my cock. Soon she was masturbating us both, her hand flying over Molly's clit as she jerked me off. It was fantastic, but just as I felt that warm and fuzzy feeling, she stopped.

Without a word, Carla stood up, and sat Molly down on the bed next to me. As she stood in front of us, a big smile on her face, she reached behind her head, and untied the straps. The dress was so tight that it didn't immediately fall though, and she peeled it down her body, bending in two as she finally stepped out of it.

When Carla stood up, she ran her hands up her own body, showing that she was completely nude.

"I'm a dirty girl too, I guess." With that, she pulled both of our heads into her tits, letting her babies suck on her nipples.

From that night when I had caught her sleeping nude, I knew she had long nipples, but these had to be sticking out almost an inch from her C-cup breasts when fully erect. It was like sucking on someone's pinky, really.

I could feel Carla's hand on my back as I nursed like a little baby. I started to run my hand up and down her leg, getting ever closer to her sweet spot. I was just about there when she suddenly pulled away and pushed our heads back.

"God, you two have gotten me so wet." With that, she stuck a finger into herself, and tasted it.

"Mmm, I think I'm ready for a nice big cock."

With that, she straddled my legs, and leaned down to kiss me. I wrapped my arms around her, and we entangled in a passionate embrace as she slowly lowered herself onto my waiting dick.

Holy shit, her pussy was like a velvet glove. Molly's was nice, but this was amazing. She began to thrust her hips, rolling my cock in and out of her. I groaned with pleasure into her mouth, and she broke the kiss. She smiled at me, and then pushed me back, so my head hit the bed. I moved to get back up, but she pushed me back down.

"Mol, be a dear and sit on his face now, won't you?"

Molly didn't need encouraging, and crawled over on her knees, facing her big sister. They kissed, and Molly slowly lowered her pussy down onto my face. I kissed her inner thighs, and then dove into her wet snatch, feasting on her wet flesh.

Although I had Molly's thighs as earmuffs, and both girls were moaning now in pleasure, I suddenly heard the doorbell ring. Both girls froze at the sound, and Molly rolled off me now as I sat up.

"Don't worry sugar" Carla said to me. "Molly can get it."

Molly nodded, and headed for her closet to get her robe.

"Oh no, no robe. Show that nice boy what you've got."

Molly blushed on both her cheeks and chest now, but didn't resist. She turned and headed down the hallway towards the door.

"C'mere" Carla said. "I want him to see us."

With that, she followed Molly out into the living room, and suddenly bent over the couch.

"Put it in baby."

I needed no additional encouragement, and had just buried myself balls-deep when Molly opened the door. The pizza guy looked as if Molly had held a gun to his face. Here was one naked coed, opening the door, while across the room; another was getting nailed from behind. It was so porn cliché; I almost started to laugh, but Carla's moans and screams were so hot that I was too focused on screwing her.

The guy was so shocked that when Molly took the pizza from him, he just turned around and walked away. No clothes, no payment I guess.

Although we were all really worked up at that point, we took a break to fill up our tanks. The time eating, which we did without real conversation, gave me a chance to really contrast the girl's bodies.

Molly was the typical 'dancer' type, long limbs, thin torso, and no real curves. Her long blonde hair finished the look. She had a grace about her, even the way she was now sitting Indian-style, showing off her flexibility. She had a nice rack, but she was definitely only a small b-cup. She had a tight little ass too, and a flat stomach, but her muscles weren't so defined as to define them as a six-pack. All in all, she had a great "Gwyneth Paltrow" type body, but only an 8 or 9 out of 10.

Carla on the other hand, was built like the proverbial hourglass, and because she was so tiny, it only accentuated her curves more. Her tits stuck out now, unbelievably perky, and the lack of tan lines belied her love of nudity. Her ass was a nice apple-bottom, the kind that was perfect to hang onto during sex, as I had learned. This made her thighs a little thicker than one would have expected, but I knew they were all muscle, and could probably break me in half. Her long black hair, which swung freely, really gave her a "Salma Hayek" look. She definitely was a 10, and knew it.

I finished eating and sat her, basking in the glory of my conquests, when I realized that Carla had started to play with her own nipple. Not wanting to feel left out, I reached over and took her hand, then began to suck lightly on the nipple. This elicited a sigh of joy from Carla, and she pulled my head away, kissed me, and looked at Molly.

"Sugah, ok if me and your boy move back to the bedroom?"

Molly nodded, smiled at me, and began to clean up the leftovers as Carla dragged me back to the bed. As soon as we got there, she pushed me back onto the bed, and dove onto my cock like it was the world's greatest popsicle.

I'm not a porn-star or anything, but I'd made every girl I'd ever dated gag if they tried to go balls-deep. But Carla dove down and had her nose in my curlies before I could groan in ecstasy. She pulled back out, then down again, fucking my cock with her mouth.

She was definitely a pro, because she continued to pleasure my dick in ways that I'd never felt before. Molly definitely used some of the same tricks, but this was oral master and apprentice, not two equals. I was going to be done fast if I didn't do something, and just as I was looking for a way out, I heard a loud "Slap!"

"Molly!" Carla giggled. "I could have bitten this big thang off. What would we have done then?"

Not wanting to consider the answer, I pulled Molly's head down onto my cock, making her show off her oral talents to the girl who'd probably taught her.
