 I was spending another Friday night behind the video store counter. My good for nothing co-worker Jason was passing the time text messaging his girlfriend, basically the only thing he did at work. I once asked him how many text messages that day while working and he told me around hundred as if it was nothing.

Our store is destined to go out of business. We're the only non-franchise store in the area, which is basically the only reason why we get any business. The store has been open for close to twenty years and a handful of customers remained loyal despite our poor selection. There is a chain store, in fact two chain stores down the street from us, so our business is limited.

Well with one exception of course; we are the only rental place in the area with an adult section. This ensures that we got some business from an assortment of shady looking people, including the occasional strait laced middle aged man. The kind of family man who is so nervous about being seen renting smut that he stalks around the store until no one is at the rental counter before checking out. There's also the frat guys from the nearby college, who quite the opposite from the middle age man, come in groups and spend thirty minutes just looking at the video boxes while laughing hysterically at the different titles.

This night was no different than any other. In a small town like ours not too much goes on once it hits ten p.m. A couple of minutes before eleven I was about to lock the door when a SUV raced up to the front of the store. A group of young college girls jumped out and headed our way. The closed sign was already up causing some of the girls to exclaim "shit!" as they raced up.

A tall brunette pushed open the door anyways, "Hi," she said brightly with a broad smile, "we're all pledges from Delta Phi Epsilon and we're on a scavenger hunt. We really need to get a couple of things from your store for our list. Is it alright if we come in?"

"Sure, no problem," I immediately said, flashing a cheesy smile of my own. There was no way I was going to say no to that pretty face.

"Thank you so much!" exclaimed the brunette as the rest of her friend came in. There were six of them total another brunette with short hair, a short, cherubic blonde with a massive chest, another blonde with model like features, a slim and sexy Asian, and a curvy Latina. All of them were cute, so naturally I blushed like a moron as each passed saying hello.

"You're pretty cute," said the short blonde as she walked by. From their flushed faces I could tell that they had been drinking. "What's your name?" she asked only slightly slurring her words.

"Thanks, I'm Lance. Your not too bad looking yourself," I replied trying to be somewhat cool.

"Thanks Lance I'm Yvette. How old are you?" 

"Twenty-five," I replied. I noticed Jason emerge from the back. His eyes nearly shot out of their sockets when he saw our new patrons.

"What are doing working here?" she asked bluntly. Anyone else asked that question I would have told them where to shove it, but I made an exception for her.

"Just trying to support myself while I establish myself as a photographer," I answered a question I had asked myself hundreds of times.

"Ohh you're a photographer. Would you take my picture?" she playfully asked.

"Anytime," I answered.

"Yvette! Stop flirting with him and come over here," yelled the tall brunette. Evidently she was the leader.

"Mellissa!" she shouted back as she walked towards her friends.

Jason walked up and gave me a look asking what was going on. "I know you want to meet up with your girlfriend, Jason. You can leave if you want to," I told him when he was next to me.

"Shhh.." he put a finger to his lips, "No, I'll stick around," she said loudly aiming for more than my ears. By landing one girlfriend, an average looking boor, he thought himself some kind of Don Juan. He was always trying to flirt with the customers. It would have been annoying if it wasn't so funny.

"Hey Lance! Come back and help us," shouted Yvette. I walked back to the group of girls circled around Mellissa holding a white piece of paper.

"Can you help us, we need to find a couple of things?"

"Like what?" I asked. The girls collectively giggled.

"We need to rent porn," Yvette said bluntly. The brunette with short hair bust out in nervous laughter. "Rachel, get a hold of yourself, its just porn," admonished Yvette.

"Well not everyone watches porn all the time like you, Yvette," shot out the curvy Latina.

"Maria, I know you've watched porn before. Richard said the two of you watched it all the time while you were dating," fired back Yvette.

"I can't believe he told. It was one time!" exclaimed Maria.

"Don't lie Maria, you told me it was more than one time," added the sexy Asian.

"Beth!" exclaimed Maria.

"Girls!" shouted Melissa bringing order back to the group.

I enjoyed watching the girls bicker before I answered Yvette's original question, "The adult section is back there in the corner through those wooden doors. You're all 18 right?" I added jokingly.

"Yes!" the girls shouted in unison.

"Lizzy, just turned 18 last week," Beth said pointing at the beautiful blonde with mesmerizing blue eyes. She blushed shyly as all the girls giggled.

"Well, Congratulations! You're old enough to look at porn too," I joked causing her to turn an even brighter shade of red.

The girls bustled over through the salon style doors and into the adult section. Almost immediately the girls burst into silly laughter.

"Which one should we pick?" I heard Beth exclaim.

"I don't know which one is your favorite, Maria?" Yvette taunted her friend.

"Look at the size of his thing!" shouted out an evidently surprised Lizzy.

"I've never seen anything that big!" exclaimed Rachel. Jason and I shared a laugh as we listened to the intoxicated girls.

"I bet even Yvette hasn't seen one that big," shouted out Maria.

"I heard Luke was pretty big," rang out Beth's voice.

"You slept with Luke?" asked Melissa.

"Just once," answered back Yvette, not shy about it in the least.

"You ho!" answered back Melissa.

"It was just one time, and I can tell you he was no where near as big as that guy," laughed Yvette. "I have an idea. Hey Lance!" she shouted out.

"Yeah," I called back.

"Come here," she requested.

I complied with her demand and headed back through the salon doors, "What can I do for you girls?"

"I like the sound of that," Yvette snickered, "Which one should we get?"

"What are you looking for?"

"What's your favorite?" Yvette asked back putting me on the spot.

I thought about it for a second, my initial reaction was to deny ever watching any, but then I saw a cover that was perfect, "This one might work for you," I said while grabbing the box and handing it to Yvette.

"Slutty Sorority Sisters 3," she read out loud, causing the girls around her to giggle.

"Cute," Yvette responded, "What's it about?" she asked trying again to put me on the spot.

"Its about a group of pledges who are willing to do anything to join a sorority," I replied.

"Is it based on your life story, Yvette?" shot out Maria evidently still trying to get back at Yvette for the early comment.

"I don't know, but I'm sure since you've probably already seen it you can tell us about it," snapped back Yvette.

"Well, I guess we have it," announced Melissa trying to move on.

"C'mon on lets go, we only have a couple more hours to find everything," enthusiastically announced Beth.

"Wait, maybe Lance can help us with a couple more," said Yvette. 

"Like what?" asked Melissa.

"How about number six?" Yvette pointed at a line on the sheet of paper.

"We were supposed to do that with Lizzy's gay friend," blurted out Rachel with some concern.

"Who cares, this way will be quicker," retorted Yvette.

"She's right, and who cares its not a big deal," added Melissa effectively ending the debate.

"I'm going to need another drink," Lizzy blurted out wearily.

"Well get the bottle from the car, and bring the camera," instructed Melissa. Once Lizzy left for the van the girls attention turned back to me.

"Hey Lance," playfully called Yvette, "we need you to do another favor for us," she asked.

"A favor for him," remarked Maria.

"Anything for you ladies," I answered back in the same playful spirit.

"We need you to take a picture with all of us topless," Yvette calmly said, although the girls around her all blushed to a different degree.

"I think I can handle that," I said not trying to hide my pleasure at hearing the task.

"But who is going to take the picture?" asked Rachel.

"Doesn't the camera have a timer?" responded Melissa.

"I'll take the picture," suddenly piped in Jason appearing out of nowhere.

"See problem solved," enthusiastically announced Yvette as she lifted her shirt up and over her head.

"Yvette!" cried out the girls.

"What?" Yvette responded trying to act nonchalant, but obviously eager to display her tits. She had her bra unhooked and off her body before Lizzy even arrived with the camera.

I tried not to stare, but it was hard not to. She had large voluminous breasts. Her hands could barely cup them. And they still had barely sagged despite their size. You could tell the pride she felt in them by the way she cupped them together, pointing the large areolas towards me, as if setting her sights.

While, I tried not to stare, Jason freely expressed his appraisal, "Damn girl, those are huge!" he exclaimed like the fool that he is. All of the girls, except for Yvette who from the grin on her face seemed to appreciate the comment, gave him a look of disgust.

Lizzy came in with the camera and a bottle of vodka. She gave a double take when she saw Yvette, shook her head and immediately went to pour herself a shot. The other girls quickly joined her.

Once everyone took a nip of liquid courage, the rest of the tops came off. Most of the girls crossed their arms to hide themselves, too shy to expose their breasts quite yet, but Melissa with the same confidence that she seemed to do everything acted as naturally as if she was in the girl's locker room. She had a nice set of perky round breast. No where near as large as Yvette, but of definite quality.

"Okay Lance get over here," ordered Yvette. The girls surrounded me. I kept my eyes set forward, but couldn't help but take glances out of the corner of my eye.

"Wait!" suddenly exclaimed Yvette, "This isn't right. We have our tops off, but Lance still has his shirt on," the other girls expressed their agreement with a few, "That's right, take it off!"

"I don't think that was part of the deal," I replied back.

But the idea now planted the girls weren't going to drop it, "Take it off!" yelled Beth somewhat surprisingly, evidently the shots of vodka had caught up with her.

Realizing any further argument I mocked resignation and took my shirt off in one quick motion.

"Woooo! Sexy," cried the girls causing me to blush this time. I'm no body builder, but I work out regularly so I take some pride in my toned body, pride which only shot through the roof with the girl's exclamations.

"Look at you," appraised Yvette her hand generously rubbing my back.

"Okay, settle down girls," reminded Melissa. I noticed that the removal of my shirt had loosened up the girls as well. Now only Lizzy was desperately covering her chest with her hands. My eyes were immediately drawn to Rachel's very long, and very erect nipples. 

Yvette must have notice them catch my eye, because she suddenly let out, "Rachel! Look at your nipples," this caused everyone to turn and put the spot light on Rachel, who immediately turned beet red.

"What?" she answered confused. 

"Look how long your nipples are," explained Beth while reaching out and touching them causing all the girls to giggle.

"Do you guys think they look weird?" asked a suddenly self conscious Rachel.

"No, don't be silly. They look fantastic, right Lance?" Yvette asked.

"I love a girl with long nips, lets me know when I'm doing something right," I answered half joking causing all the girls including Rachel to laugh.

"See," reassured Yvette, who as if to further assay any self consciousness bent down and sucked one of Rachel's nipples.

"Yvette!" screamed the other girls. Rachel had an expression on her face like she didn't know what to do.

"What? I'm just letting Rachel know she shouldn't be ashamed," Yvette answered their call with a mischievous smile.

"Girls! Lets do this," Melissa again reminded the group about the task at hand.

"You're no fun," Yvette snapped back.

"While maybe Lance we give you something to suck on later, but right now we have to get this done." fired back Melissa.

"Ohhhhhh!" exclaimed the other girls. But Yvette seemed unfazed, in fact she even gave me a look letting me know that Melissa's joke was a definite possibility.

The girls huddled around me for the picture. I knew some were only pressing their bare breast against me to hide from the camera's sight, but I appreciated it none the less. Jason snapped the picture and the girls reviewed it on the LCD. Satisfied with the result some of the girls began to grab their things so they could leave.

"Alright girls, only a couple of more things," Melissa again played team leader.

"Wait maybe we can find one more thing here," Yvette suddenly said.

"Like what?" Melissa answered back

"How about that one," Yvette responded pointing at the sheet of paper.

"Oh no!" cried Rachel loudly, "Don't even say what I know you are thinking!"

"What? It would save time," Yvette said as if Rachel's objection was groundless.

"We already discussed that one. We all agreed we could easily find one in the dorms," countered Melissa.

"But what fun would that be?" asked Yvette.

"You can have fun on your own time," retorted Melissa.

"I think we should do it," suddenly blurted out Beth who I noticed take another shot of vodka after the picture. She was also along with Yvette and Melissa one of the few girls still with her shirt off.

"Beth!" responded Rachel in shock.

"What its not like we have to do anything. We can just have one of them do it." Beth explained.

Melissa paused like she was contemplating it, "Okay, what the hell," she finally said. Then turning to me she asked, "We need one more thing. See we need..." she started as if unsure how to phrase the question, "for someone to supply us with a used condom. So unless you guys happen to have one laying around, could you..."

Before she could even finish asking Jason piped in, "I'll do it right now. I even have a condom right here."

All the girls turned and looked at him with a look short of disgust. It was an awkward moment before Melissa finally said, "Umm...sure. One is good as another I guess."

Excitedly Jason began to unbutton his pants. "What are you doing?" exclaimed a couple of the girls.

"What?" he asked incredulous, "I'm not going just do it in the back by myself. I need something to look at." he added sleazily looking at Yvette's tits.

"Eww!" responded some of the girls.

"Well, maybe we should all head back. Someone could walk by the store," I added sensibly. So we all headed into the back. It was a tad grimy, but there was a couch and a couple of chairs.

"Okay, stud, lets get this over with," Melissa ordered.

With a huge grin on his face Jason undid his pants and pulled his already stiff cock out of the slit in his boxers. "Not too bad," remarked Yvette. I was actually impressed myself. Jason was definitely bigger than me. A fact that judging from the arrogant smile on his face pleased him greatly. He had always claimed to be nine inches, but like everything with Jason I had trouble believing him.

"Wow, that's big," Maria let out. I looked around and saw that the other girls nodded their heads. I couldn't help but feel a little jealous.

Jason stood there with his cock pointing out as if he was waiting for something to happen.

"Okay, we all got a good look. Put the condom on and get the job done," reminded Melissa.

"No one is going to help me?" asked Jason causing the girls to groan.

"Yvette!" Maria joked. 

"Who do you think I am?" Yvette answered back actually sounding like she was offended by the remark.

"Unbelievable!" Melissa exclaimed. "You need some help, big boy? I'll help you," she said angrily. Not wasting anytime she walked over to Jason and dropped down to her knees. Jason's smile grew even larger as Melissa took the condom and tore open the package.

"How about a little warm up?" Jason asked, "A rubber takes away all the feeling."

"I'm sure you can get it to work," answered back Melissa dismissively.

"It might take awhile. I know you girls are in a hurry," continued Jason persistently.

That comment even made Melissa smile despite herself, "Fine, you need a little warm up, I'll give you a warm up." She reached up and grasped his erection with her right hand. He was long, but not especially thick, she was able to easily from a ring around the base of his cock. From the way that she was gazing upon it, she actually seemed to be getting into the act.

"That's it, baby. Umm. that feels good," Jason said as she started to gently pump his cock. "It's a little dry. Maybe you could give it a little moisture," he continued pushing trying to see how far she would go.

Melissa looked up defiantly at him. I couldn't help but think that if he didn't keep opening his big mouth, she might have given him what he wanted without asking. Instead in obliging his request she crudely spit on his cock a couple of times then rubbed it down his length roughly.

"Show him girl!" encouraged Yvette. All the girls were staring at the scene before them, some with mouths opened wide in disbelief.

"Yeah baby," groaned Jason, evidently he liked the rough treatment. Evidently a little too much; Melissa twisted her hand around the head of his cock and suddenly I saw a look of panic in his eyes.

"Wait, slow..." he tried to get out but it was too late, a stream of white cum burst from his cock hitting Melissa right on the cheek.

"Shit!" she exclaimed why trying point his spewing cock away, but this only resulted with him spraying her hair. "Oh my god!" she screamed as the girls shrieked with both shock and amusement. "Holy shit! Sorry. I didn't know..." Jason frantically tried to apologize. Melissa, obviously enraged, quickly jumped up and hurried to the bathroom slamming the door behind her.

"Get a little too warmed up there?" Maria taunted him causing the rest of the girls and myself to howl with laughter. 

Jason was so red he was almost purple. He pulled up his pants and as fast as he could ran out of the backroom.

"Thanks for your help!" yelled Maria unable to resist taking one last shot at the poor guy.

Once everyone stopped laughing, at least a minute later, Maria matter of factly turned to me and said, "Okay Lance, looks like its your turn."

Now on the spot I instantly became nervous. Maria handed me the already opened condom wrapper and suddenly I could feel all eyes on me.

"Don't be nervous," called out Beth. I kind of just stood there with the condom in my hand.

"Look I don't even think he is hard," pointed out Rachel causing me to realize that I wasn't hard despite being in a room with drunk half naked girls.

"Great! One guy can't last longer then a second and the other can't get it up. Why don't you help him out Yvette? You know you've been waiting to," Maria called out.

"Why don't you shut up, Maria," yelled back Yvette.

"I'll do it," suddenly submitted Beth's perky voice.

"Beth!" reacted Yvette.

"Go Beth! I'll even help you," added Maria.

"Maria!" again reacted Yvette out of what seemed to be more jealousy then surprise.
