 "Get up Gin, we have a movie to make." said Master Rick. Gin slowly inched off the table until her feet touched the floor. Her legs were a little wobbly so she used the table as support her when she finally stood up.

Once Gin was standing next to the table Vivian explained what she wanted to happen. "You will use this hand held camera to record the action, getting close ups. When I tell you I want you to place the camera on that tripod, make sure it is focused on the table. Then you will put on this strap-on and join the action. Do you understand?" 

"Yes Mistress." Gin had no experience with a strap-on, this should be very educational and fun.

"Candy lay on the table with your head hanging over the edge. We are going to start with you swallowing Master Rick's cock while I eat your pussy." stated Mistress Vivian.

Once everybody was set Gin picked up the camera and started filming. Candy was laid out on the table beautifully. She was slowly working all of Rick's cock into her mouth. "Good girl, take it slow, relax, take it all down your throat." said Master Rick. He moaned as Candy took every inch of his hard cock into her mouth and throat. Gin got in all on film, including the look of ecstasy on Rick's face. Candy continued to deep throat him while playing with his balls with her left hand. The view through the camera lens was incredible, it was turned Gin on. After a bit, Rick started to fuck her mouth.

While all that was going on Mistress Vivian was bent over the table with her face buried between Candy's thighs. Gin made sure to capture Vivian's lovely ass and pussy on film as well as the pussy eating. Not only was Vivian using her mouth and tongue she also had her middle finger deep in Candy's cunt. Gin could hear Candy trying to moan, but it was all muffled by Rick's cock. 

This action continued for about seven minutes before Master Rick wanted to switch places. Mistress Vivian pulled Candy down the table so her had no longer hung off. Master Rick stepped in between Candy's legs while Vivian climbed up on the table and lowered her slopping wet cunt to Candy's waiting mouth. Rick entered Candy with one deep thrust and started to pound her pussy.

Gin walked around the table getting close ups of his cock sliding in and out, then moved on to where Candy was finger fucking Vivian while sucking on her clit. Vivian was using her hands to play with Candy's tits. She switching between pulling hard on her nipples and slapping her tits. Every time Vivian pulled on Candy's nipples Candy would moan and push her face deeper into her Mistress's cunt. 

After fifteen minutes Rick demanded that Candy get off the table and bend over it instead. Vivian sat on the table and Candy went right back to eating pussy while Rick fucked her from behind. 

Vivian was the first to come, only a few minutes after sitting on the table. She came as Candy sucked her clit and shoved two fingers deep in her cunt, hitting her Mistress's g-spot. "Oh yes bite my clit. Ram those fingers into my cunt, harder, fuck me harder. Oh yes...yes..I'm coming..fuck me!" shouted Vivian as she pushed Candy's head farther into her exploding pussy. 

About five minutes after Vivian climaxed Rick came with a hard thrust and loud grunt. Only after he started to fill her pussy with come did Candy start her own orgasm. "Yes, fuck me harder Master. Ram that cock into my pussy. Fuck me, I'm coming! Yeah give it to me...yes...yes...YES!!" yelled Candy. After she came Candy collapsed on the table with her head on Vivian's thigh. 

Rick eased his softening cock out of Candy then helped her get back on the table. Mistress Vivian got between her legs again and started to clean up all of their combined juices. Rick placed his semi-hard cock on Candy's lips, without opening her eyes, Candy opened her mouth and started to clean his cock, tasting both of them. This went on for just a few minutes. Gin made sure to get it all on film. 

"Gin put the camera down." commanded Mistress Vivian. Gin did a ordered and placed the camera on the tripod, making sure that it was focused on the naked people on the table. Then she picked up the strap-on and put it on. It was a very wild feeling to have it on. Gin had seen strap-on used in internet porn she watched from time to time. The fake cock was black, eight inches long, and very thick.

"Come over her Gin."

"Coming Master."

Gin walked over to the table and was for the first time in front of the camera. Walking with the fake cock sticking out from her pussy was the strangest feeling. Once at the table Mistress Vivian again explained what was to happen. 

"Gin you are going to fuck her as hard as you can until she comes. There is a small knob that will hit your clit as you fuck her. I want you both to come hard." Gin just nodded her head and stepped between Candy's wide open legs. 

Gin could see that Candy was wet, and ready so she lined up the fake cock with her opening and slowly pushed the cock home. Once the cock was fully buried in her pussy Candy wrapped her legs around Gin's hips as she continued to suck Rick's cock. Having no idea what she was doing Gin took it very slowly. Moving in and out of Candy's pussy. Vivian came to stand behind Gin and placed her hands on her hips. Vivian controlled Gin's movement for a few minutes forcing Gin's cock to almost withdraw and then pushing it back in hard and fast. 

Gin got the hint and started to fuck Candy hard and fast without any help. Vivian stepped aside and picked up the camera. Every time Gin would slam the cock into Candy she would feel something bump her clit and it felt wonderful. 

After a while Gin was making short, fast movements, so the bumps were coming fast and hard. Gin was so wet. Knowing she was close and wanting to come with Candy Gin reached down and began to rub Candy's clit with her fingers. With her free hand Gin started pulling on her own nipples.

Soon both girls were moaning. Candy's moans were still muffled by Rick's cock, her moans only added to his pleasure. Rick was grunting continuously as he pumped his cock deep into her mouth and throat. "I'm going to come, swallow it all Candy." he said before shooting his load. Candy did swallow every drop.

Gin watched as Rick exploded in Candy's mouth, causing Candy own climax. Gin was thrusting her hips and fake cock as hard as she could while pulling and rubbing Candy's clit. "Oh fuck I'm so close...come with me baby." cried Candy. "Oh fuck here it come, I'm coming!"

"God yes...yes...YES!" screamed Gin. Both girls coming only seconds apart. 

As Gin was coming down she leaned down to kiss Candy passionately. Candy eagerly returned the kiss and soon they were hold each other and making out, with the fake cock still deep in Candy's cunt. Gin could taste Master Rick as she kissed Candy. Gin was so spent after this incredible orgasm that she just wanted to lay on top of Candy and sleep for a while. Her tits were a great pillow. 

Master Rick picked Gin up and carried her to a room, laying her on the bed. He returned with Candy and placed her on the bed next to Gin. The girls moved closer together until they could hold each other again. They both fell asleep with smiles on their faces. Gin's last thought before drifting off was that this was only day one, what would tomorrow bring.