 Editor's Note: All characters in this story are over 18.

* * * * *

The alarm brought me awake with a jolt. I wasn't ready to be waken up yet and it showed with my reluctance to get out of bed. I lied there and listened to the radio as I contemplated getting out of bed. My thoughts drifted towards my life here in a new town.

Since coming to South East Xavier High School, school days have been one adventure after another. Although it is still a chore to get up every morning and drag myself to school, once getting there, it isn't so bad. Every girl that attends SEX High is beautiful. There is not one girl who could remotely be considered ugly. Of course there are some girls who could be considered more attractive than another, but it is undeniably true that every girl who attends SEX High, or ever has for that matter, is a beauty.

Along with every girls irresistible beauty, they are complete sluts. Some are sluttier than others mind you, but a slut is still a slut. It's not enough just to look at these girls on a day to day basis, you actually get to fuck them too. I'm not exactly sure why; maybe there is something in the water that makes these girls they way they are. For whatever reason, however, it can be a joy, at times, to go to school.

There are also other funny things going on in town as well, as if the previous fact isn't strange enough. Along with the girls being attractive, every man seems to be good looking as well. Coming from a strictly heterosexual point of view mind you, but in my opinion the men are nice looking as well. It seems that in the entire town of South East Xavier, there is not one ugly person.

Everyone in town is also very well off. In every parking lot and driveway in this small town, there seems to be more BMWs and Lexuses than in the entire state. All houses that populate the town are something to marvel at as well as are the furnishings that the people have to put in them. Swimming pools and hot tubs are uniform at every single house you visit and it's not uncommon to find a maid, who is also nice looking, as well.

What adds to the strangeness of everything is the fact that people don't leave town to go to work. Being such as small town, one would find it difficult to prosper in this setting but the people of South East Xavier have no problem in doing so. Doctors and lawyers set up there practices right here in town on Main Street in the heart of downtown South East Xavier. High fashion boutiques, upscale restaurants, and other upper class services are all located right here in town and operated by its citizens alone. There is even a college located here.

People in general, for that matter, don't leave town at all. Everything that one could possibly want or need is right here in town. People are born, raised, work and die right here in town. It's as if this town is it's own little planet. 

The town is situated out in the middle of no where among dense forest that surrounds it. The town is not linked to any major freeway or road whatsoever; as series of back roads is needed to reach it and suddenly when you think that you have missed it, it springs upon you.

I finally rolled out of bed and made my way to the shower. I had been laying around thinking too long, as I often do, and had made myself late again to the point where I would have to rush to get ready. As I walked to the shower, I noticed my erect penis sticking out of the whole in my boxers.

"Not today boy," I said as I looked down at it "but you'll get yours once we make it too school."

I slipped off my shorts and stepped into the running shower. As I soaped up, my mind drifted back to the events leading up to my arrival in town. I used to hang out with somewhat of a crazy bunch where I was from. A common Saturday night consisted of a lot of drugs and then we would try and see what trouble we could get in to. One night last summer we snuck onto a car lot and did some damage, actually, a lot of damage. We smashed windshields, slashed tires and even stole a few stereos. As we were leaving the lot, we were pulled over and consequently arrested for the vandalism that we had done. I was put on probation for a year and as soon as I was finished with that I was shipped off to live with my uncle Ted and his girlfriend Heather so that I "would stay out of trouble." I thought I was going to hate it at first, but once I got here and adjusted to the town and it's interesting culture, I loved it. 

I finished up in the shower, realizing that I had made myself later by this trip down memory lane, and quickly got out and dried off. I ran into my adjoining room and threw on some khakis and a T-shirt and hurriedly combed my hair. I threw on some shoes, grabbed my backpack off my desk and ran downstairs. Heather was sitting at the kitchen table in her robe reading the paper and drinking a cup of coffee. Apparently, my uncle had already left for work. When Heather saw me walk through the kitchen she looked up.

"Hey Tommy," she said "I guess you don't have time to fuck me today, huh?"

"Sorry, but I'm running a little late." I replied as I grabbed my keys from the hooks by the fridge. 

"That's okay, I guess." Heather said a little sadly, trying to play a bit of a guilt trip off me. She got up and walked over towards me. "I suppose I'll just have to finger myself to get off this morning." she said as she wiped two fingers of her right hand across my lips. Apparently she had already started before I came down because I tasted her pussy on her fingers.

I could hardly resist a smile as I said "Maybe when I get back from school." And with that I grabbed her right hand, stuck the same two fingers back in my mouth and sucked from the base to the tip. After that I smiled at her again and ran through the house towards the garage.

"Have fun at school Tommy." she called after me.

I opened the door to my black Lincoln LS, which was a present from my uncle Ted for a good report card for my first period of my senior year at a new school. So for the past six weeks, I've been cruising around town in one hell of a car, but, unfortunately, it's nothing out of the ordinary in this town.

I backed out of the garage and glanced at the clock, 7:50. I had 10 minutes to get to school so I had to step on it. I peeled out down the street and headed toward the school. By the time I got there, I had two minutes to spare. I parked near the door nearest to where my 1st period English class was, jumped out of the car and ran in side. I plunked down into my seat just as the bell rang. 

The class sizes at SEX High are relatively small due to the small size of the town. In each class there is only about 14 kids, 7 girls and 7 boys. My seat in English was back in the corner, where I always tried to sit in every class.

One might think that a school with hot sluts walking around would be all sex and no learning, but that isn't entirely the case. Most teachers are more concerned with teaching than with sex, but they do enjoy watching two of their students fuck if there is time remaining in class or they just don't feel like teaching that day. However, there are those teachers who would just assume spread their legs and let the class watch themselves finger their pussy than teach a lesson. Mrs. Holly, my first period English teacher, was in the majority of teachers here at school and got right down to business as soon as the bell rung. 

"Good morning class." Mrs. Holly said as she rose from her desk and walked from the side to the front of the room.

"Good morning." everyone replied in unison.

"If you'd be so kind as to open your books to chapter 12, we can get started." Mrs. Holly suggested.

I opened my book but paid little attention to what was going on in chapter 12. Instead, I was noticing Mrs. Holly. She stood about 5'5" and was a thin woman. She had red hair that was cut to right below her chin and he had very nice blue eyes. Although she was rather petite, she still had a good set of tits on her; perfect for the size of her body. She was married, as were many teachers in the building, but if the situation arose, she would suck a cock or eat a pussy without even thinking twice. Most people in this town were like that. They got married and had kids like normal people, but they slept around on their spouses, but the spouse didn't care because they were doing it too and both sides knew about it.

Mrs. Holly's lesson, and my checking her out, were broken by a knock on the door. 

"Come in" Mrs. Holly called from her position at the front of the room.

The door open and in strode Buffy, one of the cheerleaders at SEX High. She was exactly what you would picture a cheerleader to look like. Blond hair, blue eyes, huge tits and a perfect body.

"I have a note from the office." she said as she walked up to the front of the class.

"Oh" said Mrs. Holly as she walked over to her desk to set her book down.

Buffy followed her and as Mrs. Holly sat at her desk to read it, Buffy leaned against the front of the desk with her back facing us. Buffy was wearing a short black skirt and as she leaned over the back rose up, so that a little bit of her shaved pussy was visible from the back. Just to emphasize her point, Buffy hiked her skirt up just a bit more to give the class a better view.

I could feel my dick growing hard in my pants. I had never fucked Buffy before and I knew I would have to sometime. I knew it wouldn't be much of a challenge but at that point my dick needed immediate satisfaction but I couldn't just run up and start ramming my cock in and out of her pussy.

I saw Buffy look back and smile at the class because she knew what she was doing to all of us. I think at that moment there were 7 wet pussies and 7 hard cocks in that room. I couldn't help it, so I began to rub my cock through my pants. I did this for a bit and noticed that Stacy, who was sitting next to me, was watching me do it. When she saw me look over, she smile and whispered "Get it out."

Not being one to disappoint, I unzipped my zipper and pulled my cock out through the hole in my pants. Stacy reached over under the desks, grabbed it, and slowly began to stroke my hard cock. It felt so good to have her hand there and I watched her as she did it. Stacy had brown hair with highlights in it. Today she wore it in pigtails with yellow berets that matched the yellow tank top she was wearing. I could tell she didn't have a bra on because i could see her hard nipple poking through the fabric.

"Well class" Mrs. Holly said as she rose up from the desk chair "I've got to head down to Mr. Anderson's office for a bit. I you could all finish up chapter 12 so when I get back we can discuss it." 

Mrs. Holly walked out the door with Buffy behind her. As Buffy reached the door, she stopped, lifted up her skirt completely with one hand and with the other she ran her hand from back to front along her pussy. When she did this, she parted her pussy a bit and gave the class a nice peek at the pink inside. With that, Buffy put her skirt down and hustled to catch up with Mrs. Holly who was halfway down the hall.

That little show made me hornier and I could feel my cock growing in Stacy's hand. When I knew that Mrs. Holly was a safe distance from the classroom, I scooted the chair to my deck back and faced Stacy. Stacy then dropped to her knees in front of me and took my dick into her mouth. Began to suck quickly bobbing up and down very fast as if she was trying to get me off already. She used her hand in tandem with her bobbing to help increase the effect. She looked up at me as she was sucking to increase the erotic effect as well. I could tell she was loving every minute of it.

I looked around the room to see what everyone else was doing. The strange thing about this school, and town for that matter, when people are messing around right in front of everyone, people don't pay much attention. The class was pretty much just sitting there talking to one another. One girl, however, was taking advantage of the teachers absence as were we.

Neriah, another cookie cutter image of a cheerleader like Buffy, was siting on her desk with her legs spread and her feet resting on chairs on either side of her desk. The bottom of her dress was pulled up around her waist and I could tell that she wasn't wearing any panties either. She was leaning back a bit as to give better access to the boy, Gerald, who was on his knees in front of her. Gerald's face was buried in Neriah pussy and you could tell by the way that Neriah was writhing around and making little noises that she was glad it was there. Neriah pulled down the top of her dress so that she could have better access to her wonderful tits. She began to pinch and pull on her hard nipples while she watched Gerald lick her pussy.

"Lick my pussy, yeah, lick my fucking pussy!" proclaimed Neriah "Oh fuck yeah, don't you fucking stop either, oh fuck, eat my pussy!"

I turned back to watch Stacy sucking my cock. When she saw me do this she stopped sucking my dick and took one my nuts into her mouth and began to suck on that. While she did this she continued to stroke my cock. She looked up at me while she did it to make it that much more sexy. It was incredible feeling to have a beautiful girl suck on one of your balls while she jerked you off. Stacy switched to the next nut and continued stroking. She swirled her tongue around and around my nut. After a while of doing this Stacy went back to sucking my cock. She went up and down in quick strokes and continued to use her hand to help get me off. I could tell she was determined to do so because she had her eyes closed and was bobing as fast as she could. I felt the cum begin to rise up from my balls and I knew I was about ready to finish. When I couldn't take it anymore I stood up and began to stoke my own cock right in front of Stacy's face. When I did this Stacy let me have control, looked up and me and opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue.

"Yeah cum in my mouth" Stacy moaned "I wanna taste your cum on my tongue. Give it to me now."

I had other plans first. I was going to cum in her mouth but first I want to cum a little on that pretty face of hers. I groaned and let my first load shoot across her face. The second and third streaked across her right cheek and some even ended up in her hair. When the power in my shots began to dwindle I jerk the rest of my cum in to her mouth, right on her tongue where she asked for it. When I was done Stacy looked up at me at swallowed all the cum that I had put in her mouth. Apparently she wasn't satisfied because she used a finger to collect some of the cum that landed on her cheek and she proceeded to suck it off her finger while she looked up at me.

Stacy turned to get some thing out of her purse to clean up with while I zipped up my pants and sat down. Neriah and Gerald were done with their fun too because both had sat down and were talking to the people sitting next to them. 

I turned to Stacy who was putting on some lipstick at her desk "Damn, you really give good blow jobs."

"Thank, I've heard that before" she said pressing her lips together and closing her lipstick.

"You know what I really want to do?"

"What."

"Sometime, I want you to spread your legs for me so I can get a chance to fuck you. That's what I'd really like to do."

"Maybe, if your lucky, we can work out something for later today. I even might let you stick it in my ass, but we'll have to see how the day goes first." Stacy said with a smile.

"Deal." I said as the bell began to ring

Everyone in the class got up and began to file out the door on their way to their second period class. I packed up my books and followed them out. 

* * * * *

To Be Continued...