 He saw her in profile as he turned the corner, his eyes quickly finding the round, heavy forms of her breasts in the lightweight sweater that hugged her torso. She turned her head to gaze in his direction, a sultry look in her eyes, pouting lips moist with gloss, inviting him to approach her. He knew the look, though it had been some time since he'd seen anyone this lovely offering herself on the street. The thought crossed his mind she might be a cop, waiting for a sucker just like him. He drove slowly by, his eyes moving down the length of her well curved body. She followed him with her own eyes as he drove away. It was a risk he wasn't willing to take, not now anyway.

He parked farther down the block and walked back toward where the girl had been standing. He paused behind a truck parked at the curbside, gazing at the girl as she peered in the opposite direction. He glanced around looking for a plainclothes partner, an unmarked car that announced "police presence." Then his eyes returned to the young woman, who appeared to be no more than eighteen or nineteen years old. From this angle he could appreciate the tight round cheeks of her perfect bottom, shown off to advantage by the form fitting slacks she wore. Her long blonde hair cascaded down her back. She was a knockout and this wasn't the kind of neighborhood where you'd expect to find a hooker. Thoughts spun through his mind - she might be an amateur testing the water, not yet ready for the big time; no cop would set up a stakeout in a neighborhood like this. He felt himself getting bolder. He stepped from behind the truck and began sauntering down the street which was noticeably darker with the deepening twilight.

The girl heard his footsteps on the sidewalk and turned to face him, her eyes wide with surprise. Then she seemed to recognize him and her full lips lifted in a friendly smile.

"Hi." He stopped, his eyes holding hers. She was even more lovely close up.

"Hi yourself." Her voice cracked in the most delightful way.

"So, you out for your evening constitutional or just waiting for a ride?" He had no intention of stepping into a mine field if he could avoid it.

"Just hangin out, lookin for a little action." She'd shifted her weight to one leg, cocking her hips. He couldn't help but glance down at those prominent breasts filling her tight sweater.

"Don't think you'll find much action around here."

"Really?" Their eyes held one another and then she continued after a brief pause.

"I met you didn't I?" Her tongue darted out to moisten her lips, though it didn't seem intended as a provocative act. Perhaps she was nervous. He smiled.

"Yeah, but I'm just a guy out for a stroll."

"Huh, I could have sworn I saw you drive by just a few minutes ago." He smiled again.

"That was me alright. I didn't think you noticed." Her long lashes fluttered as she glanced away for a moment, then returned to gaze into his eyes.

"You drove by awfully slowly. It was hard to miss you."

"I've never been one to miss the chance to check out a good looking woman." She laughed lightly, tossing her head to one side, reaching up at the same time to push her hair back. The move lifted her breasts into even greater prominence.

"So, are you making a pass at me or something?"

"That the kind of action you're looking for?"

"It might be."

"So if I offered to buy a young lady a drink you might be interested?"

"A drink?"

"You had other action in mind?" He wasn't certain all this dancing was necessary, but then you just never could be certain you weren't talking to a police decoy.

"I'm pretty open minded."

"That's nice to know, both pretty and open minded." She laughed again.

"I can tell you're a real flirt."

"I've been accused of that more than once."

"So, a drink is what you have in mind for this evening."

"Well, exploring everything that's on my mind for this evening could take some time, so I thought I'd just start at the beginning. A drink is a good beginning, don't you think so?"

"So, don't tell me... you're one of those guys who gives a girl something to drink and then tries to get in her pants?"

"Well, to be perfectly honest, I've never turned down the opportunity to get in a pretty girl's pants, but I've also never gone anyplace without an invitation. My mother brought me up right."

"You are smooth, mister, real smooth."

"So is that a yes or no?"

"I'd say it's a yes for drinks and a wait and see about the other."

"Spoken like a young woman with a mind of her own. My car's down the street. Shall we?"

Her name was Shelley and it still wasn't clear to him whether she was a cop, a hooker, or a precocious kid out for a walk. She settled into the leather seat and dutifully pulled the seat belt harness in place. The strap running between her breasts pressed the sweater into her cleavage, making the full mounds appear even bigger. It took all his willpower to keep his eyes on the road.

They made small talk as he drove to an upscale restaurant he knew that had a tiny bar with a patio sheltered from the street. He doubted they would have difficulty being served in such a high class place. He was still quite certain she was in her late teens, well below the legal age for drinking.

The waiter took their order without batting an eye. They were the only one's seated on the lovely patio. He gazed across the table at the young woman's beautiful face as her eyes slowly moved about the enclosed space. Then their eyes met.

"You didn't tell me your name."

"Rob, Rob Walters." Her sparkling blue eyes were deepset beneath long curving lashes that were perfectly made up. She smiled, clearly aware of his appraising gaze.

"So, Rob, do you meet many women like this?" He chuckled, his eyes falling to her breasts for an instant before once again meeting her even stare.

"Well, to be quite honest I do from time to time meet young women this way, though few as lovely as you are."

"You do have a way with words." The waiter arrived with their drinks, carefully placing small napkins in front of each of them before setting down the drinks. Rob raised his glass.

"To new friends and exciting possibilities." Their eyes held one another for a moment before they both tipped their glasses to waiting lips.

They continued their banter as they shared a couple of drinks. Rob's eyes were drawn to the girl's breasts, which seemed to demand attention in that tight sweater. He could just make out the edges of her lowcut brassiere through the thin cotton, which added to his arousal. Shelley seemed aware of his attention but made no comment. She appeared to be comfortable with his caressing glances, even moving from time to time in ways that drew attention to the well defined mounds.

"So, what next?" She placed her empty glass on the table and peered over at him.

"Well, we could consider the second half of our earlier discussion." Shelley smiled, waiting a moment before speaking.

"You mean the part about your getting into my pants?" He felt his face flush for a moment. This young woman was certainly straight forward.

"I couldn't have put it better myself."

"Well, I might be interested. What did you have in mind?" Again he was concerned about whether he was dealing with a hooker, a not quite so sweet young thing, or possibly a vice cop. The latter seemed much less likely after two drinks.

"I live not too far from here. We could drop over to my place and see what develops. At least we'd have a bit more privacy."

"You live alone?"

"Yeah, I do."

"So, tell me. Are you a trustworthy young man Rob?" She was being playful but he sensed a serious concern behind her question. She really didn't know anything about him so her concern was justified.

"What would you like to know?"

"Well, why don't you tell me something about yourself and I'll see if I have any questions." Somehow her concern seemed to satisfy him that she was simply a very lovely young woman playing what could be a dangerous game. She wasn't a pro and certainly not a cop. He proceeded to tell her about himself.

"So how long have you been an architect?"

"About five years."

"And you're family lives up state?" He nodded. She reached down to pick up her purse as she spoke. He waited for her to continue.

"Well, I think you're pretty cute and I believe its time to visit your apartment. We'll leave that last invitation for a bit later." He smiled and nodded.

Shelley stood at his side as he opened the front door of his condominium, close enough that his elbow brushed against a firm breast as he stepped through the doorway to turn on the light. She eased past him, her hip sliding against his. The two drinks had provided enough lubrication that sexual juices were already beginning to flow. He turned to close the door and then turned back to find Shelley facing him, her moist lips parted, her eyes gazing openly at him. Nothing could have been more natural than to slide his hands around her waist and pull her lush curves against him. He did exactly that and a moment later they were sharing a soft kiss that quickly deepened when her tongue touched his lips. His hands slid up her back, then down until his fingers formed over those perfect cheeks as he drew her loins tightly to his own. The kiss ended with a gasp. He leaned back and gazed at Shelley's beautiful face as her eyes slowly opened.

"Well." He lifted his hands from her bottom until they were clutching her waist.

"Well is right. Maybe we should make ourselves comfortable." Shelley's arms slid down from his shoulders, fingers gripping his arms before she stepped back.

"Lead the way." He thought of heading straight to his bedroom but decided that might be rushing things. Shelley was very responsive but he sensed she needed to feel a bit in control of the circumstances. Taking it slow and easy would pay dividends he was certain. He headed for the living room and led Shelley to the dark green leather sofa.

"This is some place you have here." Her eyes moved about the well appointed room. He'd used his design skills to create a unique environment for himself in what was a luxury condominium without much charm of its own. He was pleased she appreciated his efforts. They settled next to each other on the sofa. Rob's organ remained in its partially aroused state and was certainly visible in the front of his jeans if Shelley's tour of the environs led her in that direction. She had no doubt already felt his excitement when their hips had been moving against one another during their kiss. Rob longed to get his hands on those gorgeous breasts he'd been oggling all evening long. Shelley's gaze finally returned to meet his.

"So far so good. I could use another one of those kisses though." She smiled and he nodded his head in agreement, all the while leaning closer. Their lips touched softly, melting together as they found the right position. Rob's fingers slid up Shelley's arm, across her shoulder until he was cupping the back of her neck. The kiss deepened, tongues sliding together as they tentatively explored one another's mouths. His fingers trailed over her shoulder once again, this time sliding down her chest, spreading over the rising slope of her breast until the firm, full mound was nestled in his palm. Their lips slid apart and both partners gazed down at his fingers teasing Shelley's nipple through the thin layers of material covering her bosom.

"Ooo,, that's nice." He squeezed the heavy mound, lifing for a moment before returning his attention to the engorged nipple.

"If you think that's nice, you should see what I can do with my tongue." Shelley smiled, a languid smile that spoke of her arousal.

"I imagine I will, don't you?" Before he could answer their lips met again in a kiss that instantly deepened. At the same moment Rob felt fingers take hold of his erection through his jeans. Shelley was definitely not shy! He groaned into her open mouth as the fingers firmly squeezed his organ. There lips parted again. A slow smile spread across her moist lips.

"You'll be happy to know that my tongue is pretty talented too." She squeezed him again.

"I was hoping you'd say that." His fingers were at the bottom of her sweater, sliding over the bare skin of her slender torso as his hand approached her breasts.

"I don't mind taking off my sweater if it will make things easier."

"Please do." He withdrew his hand and watched as she lifted the sweater, stretching the bottom over her full bosom before jerking the garment over her shoulders and head. She shook her head to settle her long hair but Rob's attention was elsewhere. Shelley's breasts were magnificent, the full mounds cradled in a daringly lowcut brassiere, two tanned round orbs rising above the lace trimmed cups, nipples visible through the translucent nylon. His fingers slid over one breast as two sets of eyes followed the caress. Her skin was like silk, at once soft and incredibly firm as a young woman's body should be. He marvelled at his good fortune as he slid his fingertips into one cup to cradle a naked breast in his hand. Leaning over he pressed his lips to the fully erect nipple, sucking the hard nub into his mouth as he twirled his tongue around and across the sensitive flesh. Shelley's fingers in his scalp pulled his mouth closer.

Shelley lay across his lap, her lips formed around his tongue as they deeply kissed one another. Her brassiere cups lay to either side of her incredible breasts, nipples erect in the cool evening air, still moist from his fervent kisses. Rob's fingers played between her parted thighs, his mind considering the possibility of undoing the zipper to her slacks so he could touch bare genitals. Shelley's hips danced off the leather as she followed his expert caress. Their lips parted, eyes meeting once again, announcing to one another their excitement. Shelley slowly lifted her body from his legs, turning on the sofa until she was on her hands and knees, head leaning over his loins. Blonde hair fell down either side of her beautiful face, obscuring somewhat her profile. Rob stared with appreciation at the fingers working on his jeans, first freeing the brass button, then sliding the zipper over the prominent bulge. He lifted his hips as strong hands pulled the tight fitting jeans along his thighs. Then the fingers were rolling down his shorts. His cock suddenly popped into view, the thick member curving away from his lush public hair, the bulging crown only inches from this incredible woman's pursed lips. Slender fingers slid around the base of his organ as her beautiful face swung toward him.

"Your turn lover." Her tongue slid out to moisten her lips, before she turned away, lowering her head until those soft lips that had caressed his mouth only a moment before spread over his most sensitive flesh, tongue sliding down to caress the firm shaft as the organ's bulging crown slid into the moist warmth of her mouth. Rob knew he'd died and gone to heaven! The girl was out of this world, mouth, lips and tongue lovingly pleasuring his cock. Fingers teased his balls and he felt himself beginning to loose control. His fingers spread over Shelley's head and stopped the powerful bobbing motion. Her mouth lifted and released his organ. Her eyes were heavy with excitement when they found his again.

"Yummy." He leaned down and pressed his mouth to her saliva smeared lips, tongue dancing between them. Finally he raised his lips.

"I think it's time to consider finding a bed."

"Lead the way lover. The invitation is formally tendered and the zipper is in front." He smiled, helping Shelley rise to her knees, then taking the liberty of pressing his face between those incredible breasts as his hands filled themselves with bountiful flesh.

"We aren't moving very fast are we?" Shelley's fingers cradled his head as he turned his lips from one hard nipple to the other. "I promise you, I'll bring them to bed with the rest of me." He leaned back and smiled at her before releasing his intimate caress.

They walked down the hall arm in arm, his still hard cock obscenely leading the way, followed not far behind by her jiggling breasts. He flipped the switch which illumined the bedside lamp. Turning toward his luscious young temptress, he slid his hand between her thighs, cupping the prominent mound before easing his fingers up to the zipper she'd told him about. Her fingers had in the meantime taken hold of his throbbing organ, gently stroking it as he worked. At last he fell to his knees, dragging the tight garment down slender thighs and off her feet. Rising slightly he pressed his mouth into the silk triangle of her panties covering the prominent mound where those lovely thighs came together. Shelley's fingers in his scalp pulled his mouth closer and he tilted his chin as his lips and tongue played over the silk. All the while he gazed up at his new found lover's beautiful face framed by those magnificent breasts. His fingers slid the panties to one side so his tongue could find the tender flesh lying buried there. Shelley's groans confirmed he'd touched the right place as his tongue slithered sensually from side to side. He knew he was only a matter of moments away from sliding his cock into this incredible creature's pussy. He was definitely ready!

Shelley stripped off her panties as he discarded his shirt and jeans. A moment later they fell on the bed, their naked bodies sliding together, arms wrapping around one another as legs scissored and hips thrust forward. Their lips met in another of those deeply passionate kisses as hands moved around curves and into crevaces. Then Shelley's mouth was moving down his body again toward the rigid member clutched in her fingers. Rob took the occasion to pull his lover's thighs toward his own mouth and a moment later they were sharing that most intimate of caresses, mouths to genitals, tongues and lips working feverishly as tension mounted in heaving loins. Rob wanted to fuck this beautiful creature but somehow neither of them seemed willing to give up the pleasure of this sensual coupling. He could tell from Shelley's moans that she was nearing release. At the same time his own cock seemed near the bursting point. Nothing in his lover's demeanor surggested she was reluctant to take his cum in that hungry mouth so he let go of whatever inhibitions sexual ettiquette he had learned along the way suggested, and gave himself completely to the sensations.

"Arghh!" Shelley's hips shuddered beneath him, legs twitching as her body found release. A moment later his own orgasm rocked his being, wave after wave of explosive ejaculations surging into Shelley's sucking mouth. He could feel her swallowing, fingers stroking the pulsing shaft as she continued to draw thick juices from his organ. After riding repeated waves of release, Rob marshalled all his energy to turn on the bed and draw Shelley into his arms, their lips coming together to share funky tastes of pussy and cum. Her tongue slid into his mouth allowing him to taste her treasure before they finally collapsed into sleep.

He awoke, lying curled up behind Shelley's warm body, right arm around her waist, fingers spread over a remarkably full, heavy breast. The young beauty appeared to be asleep, her head resting on a pillow with blonde hair cascading over it. He listened to her even breathing, his nostrils filled with the scent of her shampoo. His fingers gently weighed the firm breast filling his palm, a caress that stirred the juices in his loins. He could feel his organ filling out, slowly rising between Shelley's warm thighs. The thought of slipping his cock into that sweet pussy from behind stirred him even more and a moment later his hips lifted toward the girl's sleeping form. He reluctantly released the wonderful breast, his fingers sliding around her torso, then over the roundness of her bottom until he was grasping his cock. He moved the instrument between Shelley's thighs, nudging the crown into the soft folds of flesh buried there. The contact seemed to stir the girl because a moment later her hips pressed back toward him, her thighs parting ever so slightly. The folds separated and he felt his cock wedged between them, nudging the entrance of Shelley's pussy. He pressed forward and was instantly rewarded as silky flesh surrounded the bulging crown. His organ quickly slid into the moist warmth of this sensual creature's body. Shelley groaned, her head turning slightly on the pillow, her hips pressing back with greater urgency. Rob withdrew, then thrust forward with more power. The sensations were the sweetest he'd ever known. His hand returned to Shelley's breast, fingertips teasing the erect nipple. Shelley's head turned and their lips met, his tongue mimicing in her mouth the movement of his cock in her pussy.
