 Pam and Amy carried their Cokes to the row of benches and sat, facing the stores that lined the hallway.

"Did you see those shoes back there?" Amy asked. "Weren't they the best?"

"Oh I know. I loved those little bows on the back." Pam took a sip from her Coke just as two young men walked by. Pam, looking down at the floor, noticed a pair of snakeskin boots walking past in front of her and looked up to see who was wearing them. She looked right into the eyes of the sexiest guy she had ever seen, and he was looking right at her.

Pam's heart fluttered. A few strands of his black hair draped down over his eyes, and he smiled at her briefly before turning away and walking with his buddy down the hall.

Pam watched him. He stopped by the tree garden away from all the other people and Pam grabbed Amy's arm.

"Check him out," Pam whispered, leaning close to Amy.

Amy looked in his direction. "Wow. He's gorgeous."

"Check out his boots. Aren't they so cool?"

He looked back in their direction for a moment, then turned to talk to his buddy.

"Oh my god," Amy gasped. "He's so cool."

Pam got an idea. "I want to make it with him," she said, sipping her Coke.

"Me too."

Pam set her Coke down. "I'm going to do it," she said. "I'm going to make it with him."

"Right now?"

"Yeah, right behind the trees."

"How?"

"Watch."

Amy, too stunned to speak, watched Pam walk the short distance across the mall to the secluded corner where the two guys stood. As she approached, the shorter guy pointed to her and the guy with the boots turned to look. Pam saw a slight smile as she got closer.

"Hi," she said with a sexy smile. He nodded once, with a sly smile of his own. Pam thought for what to say next, to explain why she had walked up to him, and happened to glance down at his boots.

"I love your boots." She lightly laid her finger on his arm. "I'd do anything to try them on."

His eyebrow went up in a genuinely surprised reaction, but he quickly hid it.

"Anything?" he asked, crossing his feet as he leaned back against the bricks.

Pam looked down at his crotch. His cock was growing hard in his pants, making a long lump in front. She placed her hand on it and rubbed.

"Anything," she said in a deep, husky voice.

He sucked in his breath just a little bit and stiffened. His buddy's mouth fell open in surprise, and he stared down at her hand.

The guy with the boots spread his legs a little to let her rub, while his cock grew stiffer. Pam grinned up at him and he touched her cheek.

"How old are you?" he asked.

Pam hesitated for a second, but quickly said, "Sixteen."

"What's your name?"

"Pam. What's yours?"

"Jake." He slipped his fingers around her neck and pulled her forward. Pam closed her eyes, tilted her head, and opened her mouth. She felt his lips on hers and, almost instantly, his tongue in her mouth. His other hand touched her breast and squeezed hard.

Pam moaned and pressed her pelvis against the hard lump in his pants. His hand drifted down her side to her hip, and he pulled her tightly against him. His knee slipped between her legs and he pressed his thigh against her mound.

Pam, her lips pressed to his, moaned, and her knees went weak, but he held her up. She draped her arms over his shoulders and rubbed herself up and down his thigh, while her tongue squirmed around his tongue in her mouth.

Finally, he broke away.

"Where do you want to go?" Pam panted.

"I know a place." Jake pulled a set of keys out of his jacket pocket.

"Wait a second," Pam said. She signaled to Amy, who jumped up and walked towards her. Pam walked back and met her.

"Where are you going?" Amy asked.

"He's got a place we can go."

"You're going to go and have sex?"

"No, we are."

"Oh. I don't know if we should."

Pam grabbed her arm. "Come on."

*  *  *  *

Tom, Jake's buddy, pushed open the front door to his house and they followed him in. Tom went right to the kitchen and Jake turned on some music.

Pam pulled Amy aside. "What do you think of Tom?"

"He's cute."

"Are you going to dance with him?"

"Yeah."

Tom came back in with two hands full of beers, which he passed around.

"It's going to be cool," Tom said, snapping open a beer can. "My parents are gone for a week and we can party all night."

Pam took a can from Tom, opened it, and poured it down her throat. She tossed her head back and the beer spilled out the corners of her mouth, over her cheeks, down her chin, and down the front of her shirt. Tom and Amy laughed at her and Jake tossed his leather jacket on the chair.

Pam slipped her hands around his waist and he ran his hands down her back to her ass. Pam pulled herself tightly against him grinding her pelvis against his groin. She tilted her head up and met his lips with hers. They parted slightly, and his tongue slipped into her mouth.

Tom held Amy around her waist and twirled her around the living room like it was a grand ballroom, and Amy squealed with delight. The loud music rattled the china in the display case against the wall.

Abruptly, Pam turned and walked away from Jake, leaving him bewildered. She headed toward the nearest bedroom, unbuttoning her shirt as she went. She pulled it off and tossed it on the floor, looking back over her shoulder. Jake watched her with a very cool, unaffected expression. Pam smiled at him and went into the room, pulling off her bra.

With her bare back to him, she opened the front of her jeans and let them drop to the floor. She wore only a small, black, g-string panties, with a narrow strip that disappeared between the cheeks of her ass. She turned to face him, in her panties and bare nipples and, with a sexy smile, slowly pushed the door shut.

Pam laid back on the bed. Her nipples were hard, pink points, and her breasts quivered as she trembled with excitement. She licked her fingertips and lightly rubbed her nipple. The sensation made her toes curl.

Jake appeared in the doorway. Pam looked up at him and licked her lips. He pulled off his shirt. His hard chest muscles rippled and Pam pursed her lips. He sat in the chair and pulled off his boots, which made a loud thump when they hit the floor, and Pam laughed.

He stood up, with a funny smirk on his face, unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans, and let them drop to the floor. His hard cock stood straight out, bobbing in the air like a butterfly in the wind as he stepped out of his old jeans.

Pam licked her lips. She pushed her panties down and he pulled them off. She spread her legs and he laid on top of her between them. They kissed and she ran her fingers through her hair. His hand squeezed her tit and he pinched her nipple. His hard cock laid against her warm, moist pussy, and Pam badly wanted it inside her.

Jake rolled over and Pam rolled on top of him. Her breasts hung down just over his face and he licked her nipples.

Pam reached between her legs for his cock and guided the head to her cunt as she lowered herself on it. She straightened up over him and his cock buried itself in her cunt. He wrapped his hands around her tits and Pam rode him up and down like a bucking horse in a rodeo.

She closed her eyes to savor the sweet sensations of his cock plunging into her hole, and the friction of his fingers on her nipples.

She traced the outline of the hard, ropy muscles of his bare chest with her fingers, feeling them ripple under her touch. Her tits felt good in his hands, and made her moan.

She ground her hips down to meet his thrusts and press his cock deeper. She was so turned on she quickly approached her orgasm. She felt it sneaking up on her from deep within, and picked up her tempo.

She practically thrashed on top of him like a wild animal as she came, screaming and moaning. Right at the peak of it, she felt all his muscles stiffen, and his cock throbbed and filled her with sperm.

Her orgasm quickly passed and she gradually slowed her grinding hips. His warm cum felt good inside her. She opened her eyes and looked down at him. He was looking up at her, smiling tenderly, his hands on her hips. Pam bent forward and kissed him.

Suddenly, she heard a loud, deep moan and looked out into the living room. On the sofa, Tom sat with his head back, his eyes closed, and his mouth open, moaning. Amy was on the floor in front of him, with her head in his lap, where his pants were open. Her long, dark hair covered her face, but Pam was sure she was getting a mouthful of cum.

Pam smiled and dropped her head to kiss Jake.