 Fred and his two friends Bob and Joe had left the pub early. Well, they hadn't left, as such.. Having consumed a considerable quantity of beer, they were politely asked to leave by the. manager.. . "No problem guys," slurred Fred, "We can go back to my place, I got some beer in the. fridge. Patty will most likely be in bed already, so we can drink some more and watch the game. on TV."

Readily agreeing with this suggestion, all three men hailed a taxi for the short journey to. Fred's house.

Climbing out of the cab, Fred saw, with some surprise, that his wife's friend's blue. Toyota was parked in the drive. Great, he thought sarcastically, that meant that the two women. would be gossiping for hours and would probably complain about him bringing his friends back. to watch the game. He turned to his friends.

"Be quiet guys, okay. We can sneak in the back door and into the den. If we don't make. to much noise, they might not notice us!"

The alcohol misting their brain's, Fred's two friends once again accepted this idea as. making some sort of sense and followed him towards the back door. Fred let them in quietly,. stumbling and cursing in hushed tones. The three giggled like teenagers as they tip-toed their way. past the lounge towards the den. Fred stopped to listen at the slightly ajar lounge door as he came. to it. The beer had clouded his senses, but the deep, groaning voices from within startled him. back to sobriety. For a moment, Fred forgot that his friends were with him and burst in through. the door.

"What the fu-"

"Oh my god, Fred! What the hell are you doing back?" cried his wife Patty, as she saw. her husband enter the room. Her face was flushed red with a mixture of anger and embarrassment. and the pitch of her voice was noticeably higher. Her companion, Jane, had only just realised that. they had been discovered, and raised her head from its previous position between Patty's. outstretched and naked legs.

Fred stood almost speechless, the words seemed to rush into his mind and then evaporate. in the air before he had chance to voice them.

"What the fuck?" he said again

Patty, having almost rationalized the situation, and knowing there was little point in trying. to bluff her way out of it, seemed visibly calmer than her husband. Sitting as she was on the floor. with her back to the sofa, she pulled Jane's also naked body towards her in a protective fashion.

"Come on Fred," she said, "You know that Jane is bisexual. We have known each other. for a long time. Are you really that surprised?"

It was true. Jane and Patty had know each other long before Fred had come on the scene. and Jane had actually introduced them to each other.

"Yes..yes.." stammered Fred, finally finding his voice. He was suddenly aware of his two. friends still standing behind him in the doorway. "But you? Your not a lesbian...you can't be, can. you?"

"No Fred, I'm not gay, I'm not really even completely bi-sexual. It's just with Jane it all. feels so natural. You know we are very close! Please don't be angry with me"

"Yeah, come on Fred," said Bob with a smile as he and Joe moved forward and flanked. their friend on either side. "This is one hot situation, my friend! I say we let em get on with it -. as long as we can watch!"

"Shit, Bob! This is my wife we're talking about here!"

"Yeah, I know," replied Joe, "but look at them, man. How many times have we talked. about this type of thing and how hot it would be to see? And now it's here, right in front of us."

Fred looked over at the two women. Jane's large breasts contrasted very nicely with her. friend's smaller ones, and despite himself, he could feel a rising erection.

"If it's okay with Fred, it's cool with me," said Patty with a smile. "But you'll have to do. more than watch, I may like Jane's pussy, but I also love a nice juicy prick as well!"

"Me too!" cried Jane. "Every now and then, I just have to feel a big cock up me. It feels. so much better than the plastic ones I'm used to!"

It seemed to Fred that the decision had already been made. He loved his wife and would. never dream of refusing her anything she really wanted, plus Jane looked really sexy sitting there. with her big tits on show. He could see that the nipples were puffy and swollen as if they had just. recently been sucked. Jane's legs were together as she cuddled up to Patty, but Fred could just. see that she had shaved off all her pubic hair, something which excited him greatly and that he. had been trying to get Patty to do for ages. His cock ached in the confines of his jeans.

"Okay," Fred finally agreed. "As long as you're sure babe."

"Oh, I'm sure all right," his wife cried her reply, "Now, get out of those clothes you three.. You're definitely overdressed!"

As Fred and his friends quickly removed their clothing, the two women returned to the position. they had been in before they were disturbed; Patty spread her legs and Jane, kneeling on all fours. ducked her head back between her friend's open thighs. Before the three men were even down. to their underwear, they could hear the moans and cries of Fred's wife as Jane stabbed her long. pink tongue in and out of the other woman's vagina. Fred knew those sounds only too well and. was aware that she was fast approaching an orgasm. He knew just how to help her along.

Throwing the last remnants of his clothing onto the floor, he quickly moved to his wife's. side. He looked down between her legs, fascinated at how Jane's head bobbed up and down. between her thighs as she brought her friend closer and closer towards her climax. Patty's gasps. and sighs had almost reached a crescendo as Fred, lowered his head and took one of his wife's. small, hard nipples into his mouth and began to roll his tongue around the distended bud. He bit. down lightly and smiled to himself as he heard and felt her scream out her orgasm and her whole. body shudder as she came. Jane continued to caress her friend's labia with her tongue as Patty. began to relax.

Until then, Bob and Joe had been quietly watching from the side, stroking a pair of large. erections as they enjoyed the show. Bob was the first to move. Jane had not changed her position. and was still on all fours with her pert bottom stuck up high in the air. Patty disengaged herself. from her lovers oral caresses and joined her husband and Joe as they watched Bob crawl up. behind Jane. His cock was sticking out in front of him as he began to run his hands over Jane's. upturned buttocks. Jane sighed deeply as his fingers found and entered her wet pussy. The labia. spread invitingly before him as he sank two digits deep into her body.

The three spectators watched with awed fascination as Jane's hips began to rock back and. forward in time to the thrusts of Bob's fingers. Her buttocks were spread wide and Fred could. see her tiny puckered asshole wink and contract; the same buttocks that he had seen many times. before encased in tight jeans and lusted over when he thought his wife wasn't watching!

As Bob fingered her sweet pussy and thumbed her clit, Jane was fast nearing her own. climax.

"Ohhhhhh...quick, Bob...put it in me now...I'm almost there...stick that big cock up my. wet cunt and fuck me hard!!"

Bob was a little surprised at her choice of language, but, nevertheless, was more than. happy to give the bitch what she wanted. Positioning himself quickly at the entrance to her. honeypot, he thrust his full eight inches deep into her. Jane gasped out loud and Bob moaned as. he felt her internal muscles grip him and pull him deeper in. There was no finesse as he began. to plough his cock into her. He pounded her pussy hard and fast, grabbing her large hanging. breasts for balance and pulling her back onto his cock with every lunge he made. He knew that. he would not be able to last long, and as Jane's body began to shake and convulse as she. orgasmed, Bob threw back his head and jerked his seed deep into her moist tunnel.

Watching this display of lust had caused Fred and Joe to become even harder and Patty had. positioned herself between the two friends and had been slowly masturbating them both as they. all looked on. Bob was now completely spent, and Jane had repositioned her body so that she. could lick the last remnants of fluid from his softening penis, her ass once again high in the air. so that everyone could see the cum dribble from her open hole.

"Fred, why don't you let me give Joe here a nice blow-job while you give Jane a little. more attention." said Patty to her husband. "It looks like Bob will need some time to recover, and. Jane's always said that she would like to feel a cock in her ass. I told her how great it feels, and. she really wants to try it!"

Fred was over behind the kneeling Jane in a flash. The ass that had been the centre of his. imaginary lust for so long was now in his hands, and as he knelt behind her and spread those. wonderful sexy globes he felt his cock twitch in anticipation. He bent his head down and heard. Jane gasp as his tongue flicked over the little star shaped opening. She trembled and came again. as he snaked his tongue over and then into the small hole.. . Meanwhile, Joe was feeling great. He had never dared to tell Fred, but he had always fancied. Patty. Her pretty lips seemed made for sucking cock and now he was finally going to experience. that pleasure. He could see Fred out of the corner of his eye as he prepared to enter Jane's well. lubricated butt and figured that, while he was so busy, he could hardly object to Patty's lips that. were currently converging on his own cock.

Joe gasped loudly as Patty sucked him deep into her mouth. Fred had always claimed. proudly, that his wife was the best cock sucking bitch in the area, and Joe now had to agree with. that description. She rolled her expert tongue around his glans for several minutes, bobbing her. head up and down as she fellated him and then, with a deft movement she adjusted the angle of. her head and sank right down on his shaft. Joe felt himself throbbing as her throat contracted. around his cock, and with a cry of ecstasy he released his seed. He had never experienced such. a classic, deep throat blow job and was surprised that his cock kept jerking inside her throat as. more and more of his cum flooded into her mouth and seeped from the edges of her lips.

With the atmosphere in the room electrically charged and the whole area filled with the aroma. of hot sex, Bob, Joe and Patty moved closer to Fred and Jane. They were keen to see the finale. of the evening, and Patty especially, was eager to see her husband take her friend's anal cherry.

Jane was still in the "doggy" position that she had been in most of the night and Fred was. standing with bent legs over her upturned butt. They had finally found the perfect position and. Fred was pushing his cock slowly downwards against her tight anal opening. The other three. were all close enough to see the skin around Jane's asshole stretch and expand as Fred kept up. the gentle pressure. His eyes were tight shut and with clenched teeth he gave a final small thrust.. Jane squealed as finally she felt Fred's cock penetrate her.

"Aaahhhhhhh...oh my GOD!" she cried as he sank into her. "Ohhhh...don't stop, Fred.. It feels so good now!......fuck me Fred...Fuck my ass!..."

Using his hands on her butt to steady himself, Fred began a slow in and out motion with. his manhood. The sensations were quite fantastic and reminded him of his first ass fuck with. Patty. Jane's tight muscle gripped his cock like a vice as he fucked her. Her butt was now so high. in the air that her body was at almost a right angle to the floor. He tried to go slow and make it. last, but with Jane's grunts of encouragement and the guttural voices from his friends and his. wife telling him to fuck Jane's butt deeper, he knew that the end was in sight.

The spectators were all playing with themselves and each other as the watched the display. in front of them, and Frank wanted to give the something to remember. Bob and Joe had already. shot their second load of cum that evening as they masturbated on either side of Patty, finally. ejaculating thick streams of hot cum over her small, perky tits as she buried three fingers deep. in her own pussy.

Frank felt his balls contract and knew that this was it. With a popping sound he pulled. his spasming meat clear of Jane's butt and began to cum over her buttocks. This had the desired. effect on his wife who shuddered to her own climax just as Fred's seed hit Jane's hot skin. Spurt. after spurt of juice shot from the end of his twitching dick and trickled in rivulets down Jane's. buttocks and onto her thighs. With his dick quickly softening, Fred used his fingers to push it. back into Jane's ass with a squelch and squeezed the last remaining drops of cum into her anus.

Finally exhausted, all five friends sat recovering their breath. Fred looked at his wife and Jane.. Patty had cum covering her tits, her nipples still hard and swollen and her lipstick smeared. Jane. looked completely fucked. She didn't even have the strength to close her legs and her trembling. thighs lay open with cum dribbling from her pussy and ass. This evening had come as quite a. shock to Fred, but as he saw his wife crawl towards Bob's hardening tool, he knew that the night. was not yet over! He made a mental note to leave the pub early more often in the future!

The End.