 "A woman in an open relationship gets more than just a massage"

Mickey, my one true love, is going away on one of those trips his company sends him on every now and then. I'm not sure what he does on them but I know he always finds someone to spend the night with in his hotel room. And as he always has said, "In an open relationship like we have, if you get laid and I get laid then everything is ok. But if one of us has sex and the other doesn't, someone is going to get jealous. Not jealous that the other person had sex, but jealous because you didn't!" The last couple of times I've gone out with the girls I've found that the guys at the bar were hitting on all the twenty something, if that, girls. My girlfriends and I felt kind of invisible!

So last night, Mickey made it a point to fuck the hell out of me and I think he ended up eating my pussy one or two times! What a sweetheart! And just to pamper me, he booked an appointment at this new Massage Spa for me. It's called the "Roman Garden", and has a Roman theme to everything. Supposedly they use the same minerals and oils that were used in those Roman bath houses. I'm treating myself to a nice "body scrub" and a "therapeutic massage" today. I deserve it! 

When I get to the spa I'm not disappointed to see that the waiting room is empty. I'm always happy when it's their slow time, I usually get more attention and a longer massage. 

The girl who books me in is wearing a toga and she explains that she will be giving me my massage as well. Her name is "Sparrow" and she hands me my toga. She's younger than I am, pretty blue eyes, long curly blond hair, doesn't seem to be too busty but she has a nice protruding round bum that I would love to have. In more ways than one! I can't help but to reach out and touch her hair and say, "Gee you have lovely hair." 

When I touched her hair, her eyes open wide, "I'm very in tune to feeling other people's energy." and she smiled, "You have a very strong energy."

She then switches the subject and explains that I should get into my toga, and if I wanted to I could go raw or keep anything on that made me feel comfortable. I stripped off all my clothes and put on my silky toga. I have to admit I loved the way it clung to my body but yet it wasn't tight. Sparrow's toga was short and mine was more full length.

Sparrow leads me to a sauna room, the heat felt wonderful yet not overpowering. Sparrow stood in front of me with the oils and minerals for the Body Scrub already mixed up in a stone bowl and asked me to take off my toga. Her eyes never left my eyes as my toga dropped to the floor. She took a hand full of the scrub and put her hand on my shoulder. Again, her eyes widen! I could almost feel an electricity from her fingertips. Without saying anything she started. I stood in silence as she rubs the oils into my skin. The fragrant of the oil was heavenly and intoxicating. As she applied the ointment to my shoulders and arms, the touch of Sparrow's hands and finger were soft and electric. Because of the oils, her hands glided over me, her hands, felt great. The oil was warm and the feeling was tantalizing. Like a touch with no friction. Like velvet. Like lips going over me. She rubbed my feet and toes with the mixture. I realized at that time how tuned on I was getting and not only was my breathing heavy but Sparrow was matching my every breath. 

When she started working my legs, I'm sure she felt me starting to go limp. She rubs my calf front and back working her way up to my thighs. As her hands would glide over me, each time she squeezed my muscles a jolt of sensation would shoot through me. I wanted her to rub my sensual places. Wanted her to use those soft gentle warm gliding hands on my bum, my breast or my clit! 

I was concentrating too much on the sexual pleasure of the moment. I tried to clear my head. I tried to tell myself that this was just a massage. To concentrate on the cleansing power of the scrub. 

Sparrow stood up behind me and whispered in my ear, "I just felt your energy change! You can control your energy and emotions, but why? You are here to enjoy! Embrace your energy. Let your energy flow and be felt. Flow with your energy." 

And with that I felt her tender fingertips running down my back to the cheeks of my bum, firmly rubbing the oils into my body. And instead of fighting it, I let my body sway to her touch. I was conscious of pumping my ass as her hands gasped and rubbed my bum. Without thinking I was tightening my bum as she ran her fingers down the valley between my ass cheeks. She would so gently just poke her finger in my butt and it would make me gasp for air. She would reach way down and let her fingers glide across the folds of my wet pussy. 

I had my eyes closed and head back, I knew I was getting nice and wet. 

I could hear Sparrow breathing and the electricity from her fingers was now stronger. At times shooting a burning desire though my body and warming my pussy. 

Her hands were all over me. She would rub my neck and move her hands down my back to my bum and down my legs to my feet. All the time gripping and rubbing with just the right amount of touch and speed. Over and over again she pleasured me. All the time the oils glided her hands, so warm, so soft, so erotic!

Was it my imagination or was I so wet I could actually smell the sweet fragrance of my own pussy juice? Oh yes, it was! I was beginning to drip pussy juice down my legs and Sparrow was rubbing it into my skin! 

"Your fragrance is intoxicating." Sparrow gasped.

I wanted to tell her to finger me, to eat me. But when I open my mouth only a long sensual moan came out.

That's when Sparrow, from behind me, reach around and cupped my breast in her gentle, warm, soft, hands. Massaging both my breast, feeling my hard nipples. Because of the oils, as she ran her hands and fingers over my breast it was all sensation, each touch was new and exciting. My pussy was on fire. As she massaged my breast, I pushed my bum onto her legs and let her leg find the crack of my ass. She massaged my tits slowly and with the same rhythm pushed her leg into my ass. Again the oils did their job, as she was ass fucking me with her leg, her legs gently moved between my own and glided up to rub on my burning clit.

My breathing was deeper. Her breathing was deeper. My moan was louder and getting higher in pitch. 

She then spun me around and looked deep into my eyes, "Our energies are combining, do you feel it! Kiss me and suck my energy."

Without hesitation, I locked my lips on hers and started sucking on her tongue. 

Her hands were all over me, rubbing my tits, stroking my hair, squeezing my ass.

She put her leg between my leg and we were pumping each other. Our legs sliding on the oils in nice easy strokes and grinding on each other's pussy! I could feel her hot wet pussy on my leg and her leg pressing into my pussy.

Her tits felt wonderful in my hand, I squeezed her nipples.

She said to suck out her energy, so I lowered my head and started sucking on her tits. I opened my mouth wide to get as much of her tit in my mouth as possible, sucking and sliding my lips up to her nipples. Her nipples felt wonderful in my lips, soft yet hard. Gentle at first but it wasn't long before I lost control and was sucking her tit as if I was trying to suck out milk from her breast, strong, fast and hard. Using my tongue to stimulate her!

She pulled my face up to kiss me and start sucking on my tongue. She was losing control and was in a sexual frenzy.

It was then that her fingers turn to stone and she pitched both my nipples super hard. I let out a small scream! Electricity shot down into my pussy! My breathing was erratic. Lights flashed in my head. It felt as if my pussy was on fire! And I had a full orgasm. Cum dripping out of me. But yet Sparrow would not release my nipples until my orgasm was complete and I collapsed on the floor. 

Sparrow ran her fingers through my hair and told me to lie on one of the room's benches and meditate. That she would be back for me in a while. 

Meditate! I wanted to eat her pussy and make her cum! But before I could speak she had left the room.

I was so relaxed. All the fragrances of the oils and the sex were calming. My body was like putty. It was wonderful. My head was clear. My skin was tingling from the scrub. "Now that was a satisfying massage." I thought. Time passed.

Sparrow then led me to a candle lit room and before I laid down on the massage table, she sat me in a chair and washed off all the oils and minerals from the scrub. Her hands gentle and the warm water dripping down my body felt like tinny rivers of energy flowing over me. With sparkles in her eyes and a wet smile on her lips, she looked at me in a loving way. Just her gaze upon me felt warm. As if her gaze was a warming energy! 

The great thing about it was that there was no sexual awkwardness. She told me she could feel my sexual energy as soon as I came into the Spa, even before I touched her hair. She explained how if your energy, any kind of energy, was in synch with another person's it intensified! She was amazed at how our energies aliened. She changed the conversation to the massage phase of the treatment and told me that since it was a slow day, that perhaps her soul mate, her "partner", who didn't have any appointments, could join us. If that was ok with me. 

Oh, her "partner", that sounds like I'll be having two girls pleasure me this afternoon. I thought to myself, "Mickey my love, I know how much you love to watch me go at it with another girl, but eat your heart out, because I'm not setting up the video camera!"

"That would be wonderful." I responded. My voice was low and lustful.

I laid on the table with my face in the section of the massage table that allows you to lie flat and still be able to breathe. I was looking at the floor when I heard Sparrow and her partner come back into our little room.

I caught a glimpse of Sparrow's toga falling to the floor and assume her "partner's" did the same. 

I could feel Sparrow's soft fingers on my hands and arms and I could feel Sparrow's Partner doing my feet and legs. The touch wasn't as soft as Sparrow's and it was a little firmer, but still wonderful!

As if from out of nowhere Sparrow announces, "This will draw out all the negative energies from your body, others, depending on the mineral will replenish positive energies into your body."

She tells me she is going to place rocks on me to either draw out my negative energy or to replenish my positive energy. She tells me the first rock will be cold and that it will draw in the negative energy from all the deep recess of my body. I can't help but jump when she places a cold, hockey puck size rock onto the small of my back. Sparrow and her lover let their fingers glide over me channeling my negative energy toward the cold stone. They work herding the negative energy from the farthest points of my hands, feet and head toward the stone. I can feel the negative energy that has built up leaving me in streams. My body feels lighter. I feel myself glowing. 

Sparrow says that she can see my negative energy filling up the stone and that her lover will remove and dispose of the rock into the fire. She and her lover continue to tingle me and touch me by gliding their fingers all over my body. Sparrow then says that they will place 3 heated rocks on me to replenish good energy. She places a warm rock at the base of my neck and her lover places two rocks. One into the small of my back and the other between the cheeks of my bum. I feel Sparrow's rock filling my head with energy. Lovely thoughts, relaxing, strong and gentle, I experience new and beautiful smells and even taste a wonderful sensation. I can picture energy from the rock in the small of my back-channeling energy to my extremities, my body feels awakened and bright! The rock between the cheeks of my bum is sending sexual energy to me! I feel the energy reach my breast and my nipples, my lips and running over me. Filling my pussy with warmth and sending waves over to my love button. I wonder if I can orgasm if I just concentrate on this sexual energy or if Sparrow and her lover have something else in store for me! 

The stone is removed without a sound. My world is awake and new! 

Sparrow is now rubbing my shoulders and back and her partner has moved up my legs and l feel hands firmly caressing and sliding between my ass and my pussy. 

Sparrow is now down to the small of my back and rubbing the cheeks of my bum.

My breathing is heavy and I hear Sparrow whisper, "See how strong her energy is! Just wait, it'll get even stronger!" 

I feel Sparrow's fingers run down my arm and her partner's fingers run down my legs. 

I feel Sparrow start sucking on my fingers and her partner start sucking on my toes.

I feel my pussy getting warm and wet.

I let out a low moan, which increases their sucking. Their sucking is in-synch and I can feel my energy at my core bursting from my pussy and running to their sucking mouths. 

This is an amazing feeling. Each time they start sucking, my body burst into a warm explosion. Starting at my pussy and flowing to my arms and feet into their sucking lips! I could orgasm with just his feeling!

I think to myself, "Mickey is in tune with the needs and wants of a woman, but still only another woman knows what a woman really wants!"

If on cue they move to the next finger and toe. Hungrily devouring, sucking, licking, and rubbing me with their lips and tongues. Using nice firm grasp working their way to my energy. My energy continuing to burn through me to their lips

In one quick move they switch position, Sparrow at my other foot and her partner at my other hand.

Their breathing is deep and fast. I'm starting to hump the massage table. My pussy pressing into the table. I feel the hardness of the table on my love button and this only intensifies the energy flowing through my body to their lips. It is as if they can feel it too! I can hear them breathing heavy and sucking stronger!

Our energies are unifying. I can feel their energies around me. I feel my sexual energy growing. I want someone to finger me, my pussy, my ass. Roll me over and suck on my tits. 

Out of control and out of breath I hear Sparrow say, "Take her my love, she is yours!"

And with that they roll me over, I feel someone climb onto the table. I look up to see this Rock of a Man! That chiseled Roman face, wavy dark hair, dark eyes, a rock hard muscular body, with a screaming erection kneeling over me!

Sparrow's partner, her soul mate is a guy and all man! He smiles. I look at his cock and I want his cock in my burning pussy. I need his cock to fulfill me!

I open my legs and he places the head of his cock at the gateway to my burning love tunnel. 

He gently rocks back and forth letting the head of his cock just penetrate my pussy lips and then he pulls out. 

He does this again!

I'm dying for this beautiful cock, "Fuck me!" I command.

But again, he only rocks back and forth letting the head of his cock just penetrate my wet, hot, pussy, 

"Slide your big beautiful cock deep into me!" I plead as I look into those glorious eyes. 

"But don't you love the head of his cock just opening the gates to your love?" Sparrow asked.

Again, he lets the head of his cock just penetrate my wet pussy lips.

I'm burning with desire! Every inch of my body is graving this cock. My pussy is dripping, 

I open my mouth to scream at him to fuck me hard when, without warning, he jams that cock, that cock with its beautiful big head, deep into my love tunnel. I feel his balls slap against me! 

"Augh... Oh ... Yes... Yes..."

And without asking he pumps me hard again. My finger digging into the table! 

"My luv you must join us." He says to Sparrow as he looks at me. He slows the rhythm of his thrust but not the deep penetration.

I look at Sparrow and say, "Let me feast on your energy!"

And with that, she gently climbs onto the table and straddles my face with her legs and lowers her wet pussy to my awaiting lips. 

I hear Sparrow moan as I tongue fuck her wet pussy. She is so wet and she tastes so good. So sweet! 

"Oh ... your tongue feels so good... suck my energy...rub my breast ... twist my nipples, kiss me my darling my luv!" Sparrow moans to both me or her lover. 

We are in rhythm, we are all connected. Both Sparrow and her partner are both pumping me. As I feel that nice hard cock go deeper into me, I feel Sparrow's pussy coming down on my tongue. My tongue entering deep into her pussy hole. 

I hear Sparrow in wonderment say, "Our energies are all being combined making a beautiful light, a sensational heavenly sound! Lick me my dear! Kiss me deep my luv!"

I want little Sparrow to cum in my face and I know if I keep being fucked with this nice cock I'll orgasm. So I reach up and place a finger on Sparrow's clit and start rubbing it ever so gently.

And at the same moment this handsome man, who is fucking me, reaches his hand down and starts fingering my clit. 

What a sensation! How satisfying! 

To be eating a sweet pussy. 

Being pumped by a strong cock.

Feeling the effect, I'm producing, by rubbing the clit of the girl that I am eating.

Having a man with a gorgeous body finger my clit.

I see colors! I feel my energy combine with theirs!

We are not thinking anymore, we are combined energies fucking. We are one! Our breathing is heavy. They are pumping me hard. I can't get my tongue deep enough into Sparrow as I want and each time I feel that cock slap into my wet pussy I suck and tongue fuck Sparrow a little stronger. 

Time doesn't exist! 

The feel of that beautiful cock and the taste of Sparrow's sweet pussy is overwhelming!

My body is burning to tighten and burst hot cum all around that stiff cock! 

I hear, I hear an eagle. No, it's this rock of a man starting to orgasm starting to scream like an eagle and Sparrow joins in! Their screams of passion in perfect pitch and harmony!

I feel his hot cum pumping into me. And with each load of cum, I feel the head of his cock get bigger and then that hot cum squirt into me as he bangs his cock into me strong and hard!

Then as if simultaneously, I feel the rush of Sparrow's cum into my face and feel my pussy tighten and explode in a rush of cum.

I see colors and warmth as my body releases the explosion of cum. I feel all their energy. 

I lick at Sparrow's pussy for all her sweet cum. 

I suck at her pussy and I'm disappointed when there is no more cum to lick up and she climbs off me.

-----

After the post orgasm "still time", my Roman Man comes over to me and gives me a sweet kiss, "Thank you for sharing your energy with us."

Next Sparrow gives me a kiss, "You are so good at pleasing a woman, thank you for licking up all my cum."

"I could eat your sweet pussy all day long! Thank you for combining our energies." And I ask, "Is your name, Eagle"

"Why no, everyone calls me Roc." His voice is strong yet gentle. 

My legs were covered with Roc's and my own cum, I reached down and placed some on my finger and put it to Roc's lips. As he tasted my cum his eyes got wide and he said, "Sparrow, her cum is as sweet as your own, here taste it"

And with that, we all scooped up the cum on my legs and lick our fingers! Like little children licking the frosting from a cake plate!

-----

Sparrow and Rock put their togas back on and then washed and pampered me. After they were done, all the pleasantries had been said and I was ready to leave, something occurred to me, "Who do I tip? That's what I normally do." I asked.

They laughed. 

I said, "So I'll tip Sparrow for combining her energy with mine."

Sparrow said, "I should tip you for eating my pussy so nice."
