 This is a continuation of an imagined story - many of the elements are true, but the events are fiction.

*

Elizabeth sat in the rental car's other front seat as her husband drove, picking up someone he had met on the beach yesterday. Arriving at one of the newer vacation complexes, tucked behind the final ridge line one crossed on a dirt road to reach the regional park's long beaches, parking was no problem. In fact, a certain emptiness could be felt in the air - a new and unlived in area, offering good location but no character at all.

Contrasted to the older campground where they were renting an air conditioned wood bungalow, where the parking tended to be haphazard. Though the bungalow's partially shaded parking area was convenient, added to the fact that generally, people just walked within, or left for the beach or other destinations during the day. They had left around 10:30am, still apparently early by Spanish standards. At least the fairly large campground store was open, making it easy for her to look around a bit and buy supplies for the beach.

Her husband had suggested returning to the nude beach area of the park, and though she had her various reservations, she understood her husband's attraction to looking around. One she shared occasionally, appreciating a really sexy man or woman, though she found nudity less arousing in general than any of the men she had ever known. Not that she had ever minded being looked at, at least when she was younger. Now, in her early 40s, she did not consider herself as particularly attractive naked. Not to mention even the thought of being on a nude beach always brought back the painful sensation of peeling sunburned nipples, the result of her first time topless at a French beach. Leading to both a decades long pause in taking her top off for sunbathing, and extreme caution in ensuring that it never happened again when she finally let her breasts hang free in the air.

She had made sure to pack enough sun tan lotion, making her husband grin in turn, and remark how the man they would be meeting hadn't had any yesterday. Since he was obviously not tanned, and also apparently making his first visit to a nude beach, Mike had made sure to offer his suntan lotion, along with a cautionary tale from her past. 'And did you make sure he was covered everywhere?' she asked, and noted how his grin changed as he said that they were both well covered. An expression which tempted her to ask further questions, before letting the opportunity pass.

Shopping, she decided there wasn't any good reason not to buy some beer, though the 8 pack of cans was an unusual size, seeming almost excessive. Elizabeth also bought several croissants and a fairly large baguette from the bakery counter, more salted almonds, and some cheese. They already had water - one bottle frozen, two others chilled in the silvered cooler bag. 

Apart from the beer, they were travelling quite light, she thought, a bit surprised to realize just how free the beach visit actually was - no clothes, no one knowing them at all, drinking beer at the beach with a naked stranger. Thinking, with a strange pull, of how this was the sort of thing she hadn't done when she was 20. And how just considering the possibility of certain situations was leading to a certain tingling awareness between her enticingly uncovered legs, an awareness reinforced by the fact she wasn't wearing any panties under her newly bought thin cotton skirt. It surprised her to realize that the feeling of being in public like this was just as intensely arousing in her 40s as it had been in her 20s. Especially knowing that in a half hour or so, she would be enjoying the sun and water of the beach on her naked skin, sharing a cold beer with two naked one, one of them someone she had been paired with for years.

After putting everything in the back, settled to be ready to pull out when they arrived, it was obvious her husband had become aware that she wasn't just braless, not at all uncommon for her, but she was also pantyless. Putting her squarely on the slutty side of dressing, in a way going braless never had. Even at work, she was just one of at least four women, 3 roughly her age, who more than occasionally would go braless. Not surprisingly, that group encompassed two women with average size breasts, and two with very small breasts. One woman her age also her a pierced nipple, occasionally noticeable in the summer, when she wore a thin top, where the ring stretched the fabric. Making it a bit of intimate jewelry, and a bit of ornamentation, in an area politely not discussed at work. Admittedly, Elizabeth didn't care much for piercing, but several of her younger male co-workers had commented approvingly privately (a couple of them also with piercings).

Parking, her thoughts returned to the present, walking up the stairs from the street in the section with seemingly the correct number range, the heat of the rising sun somewhat balanced by the breeze coming from the direction of the sea. She wondered about her husband's holiday acquaintance. They had both talked over the years of what they found attractive in someone while at various beaches, pools, and saunas, and he had also known the surfer she had enjoyed an affair with in Hossegor, while he took care of the kids. Her husband really never understood what women found sexy in a man, simply accepting it as a blindspot, a result of not being female. He also didn't find men as such attractive, even if he did get off with her watching the occasional gay porn video. Especially group scenes, where a couple of cocks were rubbing against each other while being stroked or sucked.

Actually, her husband seemed a bit kinky in that direction, at least in her fairly relaxed eyes. After all, she occasionally found a woman really sexy. Not to mention her occasional fantasies about women of a certain type - blond, slender and tall, breasts and ass on the smaller side, very feminine, with exquisitely worn lingerie under business attire, or tiny bikinis while sunning at a pool or beach. In public, wearing generally muted colors, grays and whites, lipstick and make up highlighting the contrast between the prim setting and a sexy woman underneath, just waiting to be taken. Not that the fantasy had ever been fulfilled - both of the women she had told it to, one half-Swedish, the other a college friend, had found the very idea 'disgusting.' Which had left her quite discouraged, as both times, she had hoped her talking about her transparently veiled interest would be an opening to explore her sexy friend's body.

Hearing the knocking, her idle thoughts left as the present arrived again. The door opened, and introductions were made- Will was younger, as her husband had said, with an expression of friendly temptation, knowing that she found younger men really sexy, especially when combined with inexperience.

Or at least somehow awkward, as inexperience often was. Now, she noticed a certain spark she couldn't quite finger between her husband and Will - a wary attraction on her husband's part, she would have thought if Will had been female. Will's state was beyond her judgment, having never met him before, though the way he glanced at her husband's crotch had sent a certain kinky shiver through her - maybe her husband had met, or been picked up by, a gay man. She had been scared of AIDS for decades, but at some point, even that fear fades, especially when an unexpected opportunity arises.

Getting back into the car, Will in the middle of the rental car's rear seats, their departure was straight, the beach only a couple of minutes away, with few people yet stirring in what she considered a gorgeous summer day. Will had brought little but a towel and a small bag, also clearly understanding just how lightly one enjoy the beach. Driving, her husband told Will that Elizabeth had bought enough beer to last till lunch, leading to a certain expression on everyone's face, an almost guilty sharing of just how far one can go in enjoying vacation.

Elizabeth thought about spending time naked and drinking with someone she had never met, remembering how enjoying a stranger was a benefit of vacation she had certainly enjoyed in the past, particularly ten years ago in France, another time they had also been staying close to a naturist beach. And how being naked and drinking a couple of beers would likely leave her in a truly slutty state, considering that Will's appearance hit several of her buttons, tall and thin, having a certain boyishness about him, just as her husband had said.

His clothing was loose, and quite minimal, little more than shorts and a t-shirt. Glancing down, it appeared he wasn't wearing any underwear, as the head of his hanging cock lay against the fabric. A choice which matched well with her own very basic clothing - skirt and t-shirt - a realization sending another tingle to her moistening pussy, opening itself, adding to the sense of temptation in the air, a certain scent starting to drift among them.

Reaching a decision at the start of the final straight stretch leading down to the beach parking areas, Elizabeth reached over to her husband's thigh, asking whether they were going to the nude beach, her hand sliding higher, remarking she hoped so, since she hadn't brought a bathing suit along. After all, she just assumed since the two of them met there yesterday that naked sunbathing and swimming was the plan. Continuing, she also mentioned how drinking a beer before they hit the beach would save a bit of carrying on someone's part. She was amused to see how Will was focusing on her face, and how sometimes, he couldn't help but steal a glance at what was going on in the front, her fingers beginning to slide over her husband's swelling cock. It had been a while since she had last done this, which would be at least of a partial explanation for her husband's almost panting response to her touch.

Turning back to Will, she asked him what he thought, when her husband reached for her thigh with his right hand, making her shift to let the questing hand more easily find her pussy, sliding his palm over her bush, fingers spreading her lips, then spreading her own wetness against the smooth skin. As their stroking began to fall into sync, Elizabeth noticed how Will was looking at her husband's crotch, a hard cock outlined against the fabric of his shorts, proving the accuracy of her earlier observation. Fooling around in car, she was already truly starting to get turned on, even while realizing she didn't seem to be the complete center of attention between two men.

Luckily, no other cars were on the road at the time, and a bit of caution reasserted itself swiftly, both of them growing more demure the closer they rode to the third or so full parking area. Elizabeth was amazed at how her mood was changing, becoming 'primitive,' a term she generally used with scorn. Now, there was no denying how horny her various stray thoughts and actions had left her. Turning again towards the rear after parking, her gaze downwards stretched out as she looked a the head of an erect cock no longer covered by fabric, making it difficult to ask who wanted the first beer, as her breath seemed to disappear and her mouth went dry. Mike had already popped the trunk, and Will got out, grabbing the cooler bag, taking out a couple of beers. Grabbing the towels and another bag with lotion and snacks, they were ready to leave, having already drank some of the beer before walking down the long wood pathway, and then along the beach.

The beer was quickly drained from everyone's cans while walking. Passing a trashcan, the cans were pitched in one after the other, smiles being shared as each can went in. The nudist area was very sparsely settled, with just a handful of areas set up, with a good 15 yards between most of them. Not exactly private, but at least somewhat discrete, considering that they were complete strangers here.

Setting up was simple, spreading out three towels on the sand, anchoring them with the bags - the cooler bag shaded by an extra towel - then undressing. Elizabeth took her top off first, then bent down to straighten out a stretch of overlapped towel. She knew her husband always found her being topless almost as erotic as her being naked, as her breasts hung freely.

Both men had undressed more quickly than her, and as she took off her skirt, Mike suggested drinking another can of beer before lotioning themselves. Elizabeth easily agreed, in part because having unscented and dry hands was always better when eating or drinking. The cans were quickly opened, and not having worn panties made it easier to tease her husband while they chatted a bit, positioning her legs modestly, though not from his perspective. She was also pretty certain that Will had an idea of what she was doing.

Looking around casually, she saw no one showing any interest in them, noting several couples in the distance, a couple of groups even further away, and a few single men, somewhat clustered along the caves at the rear of the sandy beach, quite distant. No one was walking near by, making this a perfect time to lotion themselves against the bright sun in a blue sky, with only a bit of humidity in the wind coming off the ocean. The weather really was ideal, as long as she was careful. Unlike Hossegor, which had been deceptively alluring, in Spain, the intensity of the sun was unavoidable. She had already spent a number of hours in the sun nude over the past couple of weeks, including a few here, so she wasn't completely white, but the light tan was only moderate protection, at best.

Noticing that her second can of beer was almost empty, Elizabeth asked if both of them would like to share in making sure she wouldn't get sunburned. Finishing her beer in a couple of swallows, she lay face down, closing her eyes, saying 'take your time, both of you.' She heard the lotion being opened and poured, then felt the first touch of hands on her back, followed by a second set on her legs. This initial contact didn't really provide enough cues to know whose hands were where, but as both pairs began to spread the slippery coolness, she relaxed, letting her legs open a bit more as the hands moved up along her thighs and down her back.

More lotion was being spread as she just lay, letting two men cover her skin, hands rubbing over her skin. Deciding to get a bit adventurous, she rolled over, keeping her eyes closed. Her legs were even more open now, but her breasts were the center of attention, as hands began to move over them. Her nipples grew very erect quickly, even if that wasn't a sign of arousal for her. A fact which had tended to have a mixed appeal to her husband, who really enjoyed watching her nipples crinkle at just a lick from his tongue, even though he also knew it had no further effect on her. Unlike a finger sliding between her legs, which she noticed was now starting to happen, as she just sighed and let it wander, not caring at this point about the fact they were in public.

Though she wouldn't have minded the pair of men taking longer, the lotioning was over in a decent amount of time, without anyone going too far, even if her open legs more than hinted at her thoughts. She sat up, letting her husband finish covering her face with his familiar fingers tracing her features with care. She grinned at her husband as his fingers trailed down her neck, telling Will it was his turn - and that she expected Mike to help, as she didn't want to have to do all the work alone. Even she wasn't sure who she was really trying to convince, Will or Mike, but as Will lay down, her husband poured some lotion into his cupped hand, and then into her cupped hands.

Even a few minutes in the fierce sun had warmed the bottle, making the lotion even more slippery, as she began around Will's ankles, each hand spreading the thick liquid along his legs, then she began to spread it out and in. Watching her husband as he also rubbed in the first portion of lotion, and feeling the effects of the beer, she waited, then asked for more suntan lotion, catching her husband's eyes, and looking at Will's still white ass. She was pretty sure the spark that jumped between them resulted from the heat of having a naked man under their hands. 'Guess we'll need more,' he said, 'to finish the job. Not to mention cover me properly afterwards.'

Mike tilted the bottle to let the lotion fall on Will's ass, then poured more into his own hands. The implication seemed clear enough - Mike wasn't going to be the one rubbing Will's butt, or having his hands stray lower. Which was fine, as she began to spread out the cream, including his inner thighs. And letting her fingers stray to his balls. Being on his stomach, Will could keep his reactions private, but getting covered against the sun was necessary, keeping temptation within bounds.

Until she noticed how her husband was now playing with Will's nipples, her own attention shifting as his soft moaning started to grow louder, leading her fingers to slide along the crack of Will's ass. She looked at her husband, who was watching her intently in return, as her other hand reached for Will's cock. After touching it briefly, confirming its stiffness, she commented that it was Mike's turn, before he got a sunburn - especially if he left his cock uncovered - 'When I do it, he gets all hard - even in public,' the sort of comment she knew she made when getting drunk, her middle finger pressing against Will's asshole.

Shifting position, she picked up the bottle after moving her hands away from Will's quivering body, then poured some lotion in her husband's cupped hands, followed by pouring out a stream of lotion against his shoulders, which she began to rub in, spreading it a bit sloppily, as she saw her husband begin to handle his cock - his crotch at most a couple of feet away from Willl's face. Looking around, she only saw a few distant walking people, and no one nearer seemed to be paying any attention to a trio engaged in the fairly mundane routine task of preventing a nasty sunburn.

She shifted a bit again, settling her ass on the yielding sand, one leg against Mike's now slippery back, the other towards Will's feet, her spread pussy kept private by Will's body blocking anyone else from seeing. She grinned, and asked Will whether she should take care of his front, in part because she wanted to get in the water, and in part, because she was certain he was still hard, and the way they were sitting, she could discretely enjoy fondling him while making sure he didn't get a sunburn in such a sensitive region. 

They had settled into a basic triangle, all facing inwards, with Mike's and Will's heads forming a somewhat open corner. Both men were hard, and Elizabeth reached for Will's erect cock, knowing her husband was watching. As her fingers gripped the shaft, Will reached his left hand towards her husband, fingers starting to play with Mike's nipple. At this point, her drunken awareness was moving in any number of directions, including how open her pussy was, how hot it was to play with two cocks at once, as she start to jack her husband off, and the suspicion, which just made her hornier, that her husband and Will had already gained some practice time before inviting her along to play.

As both men started to moan a bit too clearly, Elizabeth gave a squeeze meant to signal a break, then took her hands away. She got to her feet, stretching a bit, giving both men time to roll on their stomachs, telling them she needed to get into the water - and if they followed in a couple of minutes, she wouldn't mind the privacy as she swam out to the swell breaking at the end of the broad sandbar.

The water was perfect as she went into it, going through a deeper trench before hitting the incredibly shallow sand bar. Only her ankles were now covered, where just a couple of yards from the beach, the water had almost reached her breasts, with a fierce current as the waves drained down this channel. The nude beach stretch itself was still fairly empty, and only a couple of nudists were in the water.
