 I always thought if I got a great job making lots of money I would be happy. Well now that I do have a good job, and make great money I am still not happy. I work long hours leaving myself no time for a social life. After a long day of work I go home to an empty house, eat fast food, work some more and then go to bed. I am under a large amount of stress and stay tense all of the time. 

My secretary Jane told me about this great spa that she uses and she told me it really relaxes her and she leaves feeling like a million bucks. I finally broke down and decided to use it. 

I entered the room they led me to. It was so warm and inviting. The whole room was white. It had white soft carpets, the walls were white, the large windows had what appeared to be white thin silk curtains and they allowed the soft ocean breeze to blow in, the bed was an actual bed just higher and of course it was all white. You know the room itself was relaxing. 

I removed my clothing and got on the bed and covered my behind with the towel they gave me. I laid there and listened to the soft music playing on the speakers. It was so relaxing I almost fell to sleep. 

A very attractive man entered the room. He introduced himself as Miguel. He was very tall, with dark wavy hair, dark skin, muscular build, and as everything else dressed totally in white. He poured the oil on his hand and rubbed them together. The oil smelled wonderful. It had a very calming effect also. Miguel began working the oil onto my shoulders and down my back. He was a God. His strong hands knew all of the right moves. Every muscle in my body started to relax. I don't think I felt this stress free in years. 

After what seemed like hours of massaging my shoulders arms and back he moved down to my legs. He started with the calves slowly rubbing in the oil. As he worked his way up I began to notice I was becoming aroused. I was glad I was on my stomach so Miguel couldn't see my nipples becoming erect. He slowly moved up to my thighs. His touch felt so wonderful. It has been months since I have felt a mans touch. Not that I haven't been invited out by many men, it is just that I am so busy with the job that I don't have time.

He worked his way up my thighs until his hands were under the towel. I could feel the heat of his hands on my ass. As he worked the oil onto my thighs he was moving his hands higher and higher and I actually felt his hand touch my lips. This brought goose bumps all over my body. He started to work the oil on my ass. I have not had a massage like this before. Never has my ass been massaged. It felt so good I didn't want it to stop so I didn't say a word. His hand moved down the crack of my ass to the part of my mound again. At this point my body was so relaxed and the massage, the fragrance, the touch, the sounds had me in the mood for anything.

He continued to rub my ass with one hand and run his other hand along my slit with the other. Without thinking I parted my legs slightly so he could work his hand a little deeper. He took the cue and began massaging my clit with his fingers. He was making slow, gentle circling motions around my clit. This was making me so excited my head was swirling. 

Just then another man walked in and introduced himself as Brian. Brian was also very attractive. He was not as tall as Miguel, but his skin was almost as tan, he had blond hair, and beautiful blue eyes. He told me it was time for me to roll over and he would be helping Miguel to massage the front of my body. The whole time he was talking to me Miguel continued to massage my clit. Brian didn't even seem to notice. 

I rolled over like he asked. I held onto the towel to keep my privates covered. I used my arm to cover my chest. Brian began massaging my shoulders. Just as Miguel's massage Brian's was also so relaxing that I just closed my eyes and enjoyed it. Miguel parted my legs gently, and crawled between them. He pulled the towel off and exposed my dripping wet snatch. Just as I started to jump up he pushed his head between my legs and started to lap up my vaginal juices. I could not believe this. I looked up at Brian and he continued to massage my shoulders as if none of this was happening.

Miguel was shoving his tongue in and out of me gathering all of my vaginal juices. Brian started working his way from my shoulders to my breasts. My inhibitions fell and I took my arm off of my breasts giving him full view of my DD boobs. He smiled at me and told me just to enjoy everything they were about to do for me. He started to rub my breasts at first just rubbing around the sides and slowly moving towards the nipples. Miguel placed a finger inside of me and began to work my clit with his tongue. Without even trying he used his finger and worked my g-spot as he ran his tongue around my clit. Brian started to pull and tug on my nipples. 

I don't remember a time when all of my sensitive spots were being worked all at the same time. I was at the highest sexual peak that my body has ever felt. I began to buck my hips in rhythm with Miguel working my g-spot. Brian climbed up on the table behind me and leaned over me to suck on my nipples. His hard cock was pressing against his shorts right above my face. I started to lick his cock through his shorts. I wanted it inside me.

 Miguel stopped sucking on my clit and I groaned in disappointment. He pushed my legs up and apart and I felt his cock pushing against my tight opening. I pushed down with my pelvis in order to get him inside me. He pressed the head in slowly. I could tell he was huge. I felt my hole stretching open in order to let him enter. His head was so big I didn't think it was going to fit inside of me. When he finally managed to get the head inside I yelled out and arched my back in both pain and desire.

 He began to thrust himself into me. At first just a little but continued to work himself deeper and deeper. I couldn't believe how deep he was going. I could feel the head of his cock against my cervix and he was still trying to push more into me. He must have realized he hit the bottom too because he started to work what he had inside of me in and out without pushing in the rest. I wrapped around his cock like a glove. He had no problem moving in and out of me because I was so wet he just couldn't get it all of the way in. 

Brian pulled down his shorts and exposed his beautiful shaft. I took him into my mouth. Miguel was fucking me so good in my pussy, and I started fucking Brian the same with my mouth. As my pussy started to loosen up Miguel took it as his chance and he slammed his whole dick inside of me. At the same time Brian rammed his dick into my throat. They were both in sync with their hard deep thrusts.

I felt my body start to tingle and my muscles start to shake. I knew I was about to reach my climax. I started to thrust myself onto Miguel while I took Brian as deep into my throat as he could go. Just then I felt Brian's load empty into my throat, and my orgasm followed right behind. I gulped the cum as my body quaked. Miguel started pumping faster and harder then he plunged one last time and every muscle on him tightened. Groaning he pumped his seed deep inside of me. 

They both cleaned themselves off and got dressed. They showed me to another room attached to the one we were in. It had a big beautiful Jacuzzi tub. This was the best place in the world. They told me when I was done to venture around the spa if I liked. They told me this place had a lot to offer and could satisfy my every desire. As they left I ran the bathwater and climbed in. I felt better than I had in years. 

I must have been so relaxed that I dozed off. I was awakened by a knock at the door. Another very attractive man came in and introduced himself as Clay. He asked me if I needed to be serviced again. I was taken by this. "You mean I can have that again", I asked. "Of course", he said. "You have paid for the whole day and you can have whatever you want whenever you want it", he replied. I felt I must have died and went to heaven. He told me I might want to go to the pool. He said many of the women that come here enjoy it there. I told him I would get dressed and head out there. He opened a closet and showed me different bathing suits they had available.

I picked out a real skimpy but cute thong. I was feeling very sexy after my little adventure I had just encountered. I grabbed some towels and headed to the pool. Once I got there I could not believe my eyes. The pool was so the size of an Olympic sized pool, but it had a unique shape that wrapped around a waterfall. It was marvelous. Then I started to notice the other people around the pool. The first thing I noticed was a woman probably in her forties with a young man in his early twenties. They were on a towel near the edge of the pool. He was riding her from behind and she was moaning and panting like she was in heat. From how far he pulled out on thrusts I could tell he was very well enhanced and from the look on her face I could tell she was really enjoying it. 

I noticed another woman around my age lying on a pool chair. She was pretty and had real nice tits. Both of her perky tits were being serviced by two incredibly hot guys, and there was another man with his face in her crotch eating her out. She had the dicks of the two guys servicing her tits in her hands. 

I went to find myself a pool chair. As I sat down I heard a man ask the woman next to me if she needed service. She pulled down his shorts and looked at his penis. It wasn't very big but it was very beautiful. She pulled his shorts back up and told him no thank you. He was unaffected by the statement and walked away. "He was cute", I said to her. She looked at me and smiled. "Well the wonderful thing about this place is they are all cute. You actually can sit back and wait for one that really touches your fancy", she said. "I personally like really big dicks. If they are not at least 8 inches then I don't want them to fuck me, unless it is in the ass", she stated. "This place is amazing", I told her. "I come out here at least once a week", she replied. Just then another gentleman walked up; again she pulled down his shorts and examined his cock. He had a nice size cock, and she must have been pleased because she left with him. 

As I looked around and the other women I saw something I have never even imagined in my life. There was one woman who looked to be in her early twenties. She was a very cute young girl with blond hair, tan skin, thin athletic body, and perfect curves. Now she could not be too busy to have a social life yet. Then I noticed what she was doing and figured that must be the reason she "cums" here. She was sitting on top of a white guy at the edge of a chair, and in front of her was a very big muscular black man ramming his rod into her pussy. They were fucking fast and hard all three in unison. She had both of her holes filled and the same time and loved it. 

 She began to yell out, "fuck me harder, fuck me hard". Just as she asked they obliged and started slamming into her. She flung her body into the black man and clawed at his back. I could tell he was trying to hold back his nut. He was sweating profusely, panting hard, and groaning loudly. Just then she started screaming, "I'm Cuming". This was the black mans cue and he let loose. He groaned out loud and long like a wild animal. This had the domino effect and next thing the white guy filled her tiny ass with his sperm. They just set there for a moment in each others arms trying to gather themselves. This really had me turned on.

Just then a very muscular tall dark haired man walked up to me and asked if I needed service. Well as my neighbor did earlier I pulled down his shorts and checked his cock. It was very nice. She would have been impressed. It was big, and fat. I cupped his perfect balls in my hand and played with them a little. As I played it grew. I wanted to see just how big it would get so I started to rub my hand up and down his shaft. His cock was so perfect it must have been at least 9 inches once it was fully erect, and so big around I could not wrap my hand all of the way around it. I had to have this inside of me. I told him I wanted to ride it and he sat on the chair next to me.

I straddled him and slowly lowered myself onto his throbbing rod. Ohhh it felt so good sliding inside of me. I took as much as I could then pulled it almost all of the way out. Then I slid back onto it again this time a little farther. Just having something that size inside of me almost made me cum right away. The more I rode the deeper I took him inside. After several thrusts I finally reached the bottom of his shaft. It felt so exciting being so full of cock. Plus being in front of all of these people riding this giant dick really turned me on. I was so wet my juices were running down his balls. 

 I began riding harder and faster. He pulled me close so he could suck on my nipples. He tongue just barely rubbed against my flesh. It made my whole body tingle, and I started to ride faster. My clit was so swollen I felt every ridge of his shaft against it. He started sucking my nipples harder and reached around with his hand and started to fondle my ass hole. 

This really made me get into it even more. He slid a finger in my ass and slowly stimulated my asshole. It felt so good it sent me into and immediate orgasm. I was screaming at him to fill me with his cum, and he just continued to fuck me hard and finger my ass.

Once my head stopped swirling from the wonderful orgasm I just had I got back into rhythm. He pushed his finger deeper and I came again. I didn't know I could have multiple orgasms until now because I started coming one right after the other. He removed his finger and I felt something else enter something bigger than his finger. Just then I felt hands on my shoulders and realized someone had replaced his finger with their dick. I was coming so much I couldn't hold my head up anymore and fell onto the man below me. He started to fuck me harder and began to get tense. I felt his muscles harden below me. He was about to fill me with his cum. I started ramming his rod into me because I wanted to suck every drop out of him. He let loose and flowed so deep into me. I just laid there with my head on his shoulder, both of us trying to catch our breath. Then the dick in my ass let loose too. When he pulled his dick out of my ass I felt his hot cum running out.

Well after I took another Jacuzzi bath and got dressed. I really didn't want to leave this place. It made me feel like never before. I got to do things I never even imagined. I could not wait to come back. This is a place where women can have their every fantasy made into reality. Even when you don't even realize it is a fantasy. 

As I left the woman at the desk asked if I enjoyed my stay. "You just don't know how much", I told her. "Yes I do", she grinned back. I have really got to give me secretary a raise for filling me in on this place.