 Tiffanie strays into the arms of an older man and has her first threesome experience with another woman.

It was only a few weeks ago now that I blurted out through tears that I had been unfaithful to my partner whilst I was overseas. We had discussed marriage in one of those long, after sex cuddles when you feel warm and full of love endorphins. He had volunteered the information that he had had a 'fling' with a girl he met at a party and spent the weekend screwing her. I realised that it had been the weekend when I too had fallen from grace and I had been unable to contact him. We both forgave each other and after many tears and an extremely hot and guilty fucking session we resolved to use this experience to strengthen rather than weaken our relationship.

So really this story has come about partly as a kind of confession. Those of you who know me through the emails and chat room conversations will know that despite the sexy erotic wanton behaviour of my characters in particular my xtcnymphs I am actually a girl who holds relatively monogamous values. What I mean by this is that certainly I've dated lots of guys, I've had lots of very hot sex and I've even written about my experiences here, I had not actually been unfaithful to a long term partner ever. Until recently that is. Also it may disappoint readers to know that I haven't really had much sex with older men - until now! Certainly when I was 17-20 I dated guys in their thirties and even one in his late thirties but I've never really had sex with a seriously older guy (my Dad's kind of age). Until now!

I hope this honesty doesn't turn people off my stories or reduce their credibility but for the purpose of this story, which actually happened, I need to set the scene. As a catholic girl who has grown up in a stable and loving family of three girls and parents who expound these kinds of monogamous values it seems kind of appropriate that I should share those beliefs. So while I have been in relationships with boys and men since I was about 14 or so when I ceased being quite so flat chested I have always remained a one man Gal. Most of my life I moved from one relationship to another relatively seamlessly and on a few occasions I remained a solo person and enjoyed lots of one night stands and shorter and multiple partner relationships too but each of these happened when I wasn't in a committed relationship.

So it has been through a mixture of intense experimentation with sex in relationships and the practice of seduction that I have evolved as a woman who loves sex and the erotic narratives and games that surround it. I like sex every day. So when I parted from my long-term partner to go overseas last year on a work assignment in the UK I was not looking forward to the months of abstinence or even masturbating together on Skype. As it turned out I survived for two months in the UK being regularly hit on by guys at work and at clubs and, of course almost having a sexual encounter with my older boss who took me to dinner before I left. He left me very horny and as I think back now I probably would have fucked him if he'd asked but he was a perfect British gentleman.

On the way home from the UK I visited Europe and, as I was on a budget, I stayed with Dutch and Swedish exchange students that I had met as a student. I also called on my parent's network of lunatic musicians and academics. When I went to Spain I stayed with an old friend of my father's who I had met as a teenager some time before. I remember meeting Paulo as a teenager because I distinctly remember the flurry of flirting that centred on him when he visited with his young wife. From my mother down to my youngest sister I remember how we constantly competed for Paulo's attention. He was a classic Spanish male with dark hair made more distinguished by age. He was tall and pleasingly muscular with deep brown eyes that sparkled. I should have known way back then that this young wife he had with him was one of a succession of beautiful and sexy young women that came through his life. Nevertheless at 16 with an older and younger sister I competed for his attention and was as disgustingly overt about how little I wore around the house as my sisters. Paulo took it in good humour and was obviously use to the attention of women.

When I arrived in Madrid Paulo picked me up from the airport and took me back in his Alpha to his city apartment. I was tired from clubbing in Amsterdam and only barely noticed that he was not with his partner. We smiled a lot and humorously reacquainting ourselves with the stories of my families flirting. When we arrived at his apartment he carried my bags into the spare room and showed me the bathroom to let me freshen up before a Spanish evening meal, which was about 10pm. I showered and rested for a while and came down to the dining room to notice how bare the apartment looked. It wasn't minimalist style it was bare! Much of the furniture had gone and only rudimentary stuff remained.

At dinner over an excellent gazpacho, salad and with Spanish red Paulo poured out his story of divorce. Anna, the partner who had been with him when they stayed in Australia, had left him and taken much of the stuff in the house. Paulo was a music academic and didn't earn a great deal but at least owned a fabulous apartment overlooking a Piazza and had retained some rudimentary belongings. I sympathised with him as best I could and secretly wondered whether Anna had become sick of his philandering and left or maybe she too had taken a younger lover. Anyway we drank wine and commiserated about love and relationships and I made a point of telling him I was in a long term relationship and how much I missed my boyfriend perhaps to keep him from turning his considerable charms on me as I would be alone in his house for a week. 

The next morning I greeted Paulo wearing my skimpy white tank top and boyleg panties and let him go to work. He had given me a key and Metro instructions so I could do a gallery cruise and check out the Picassos and modern art that I love. The way he looked at me in my underwear was quite exciting and it made me feel just horny enough so that, after he left I retired to the bedroom and fantasised a little about him until I felt wet and then manipulated my clit thru my panties until I came. I came quite noisily as I had imagined that I was alone. I stripped off my top and panties and walked down the hall naked to the bathroom and there in the hallway, to my surprise was a pretty young woman coming out of the bathroom dressed in a robe with her damp hair in a towel.

'Oh you must be Tiffanie! Paulo said you would be 'ere. I am Sofia I am... a friend of Paulo's I am a student and he teaches me.'

She was about 19 or so and a stunningly pretty young woman possibly of South American origin, judging by her deep olive skin and shiny black shoulder length hair. She had piercing green eyes and high cheekbones like so many of the South American Miss World winners. Her figure was a male's fantasy, slender waist, curvaceous hips, large full breasts that overflowed proudly from the tight satin robe she wore and long shapely legs that would have drawn continuous male attention. I wondered what it was Paulo taught her then remembered he was a music teacher.

'Senor Paulo teaches me the flute and I repay him by looking after his house. He is a generous man.' She smiled a cheeky grin that confirmed my suspicion. I had to admit I was slightly jealous that Paulo had moved seamlessly from a long-term relationship to fucking a vivacious and glamorous young girl. I had slept so soundly the previous night I perhaps didn't hear her join him to enjoy his 'generosity'.

Anyway, Sofia and I got on like a house on fire. We shared breakfast and coffee and chatted about the same girlie things I might have done at home with my younger sister. She gave me tips on riding the Metro and a few useful phrases in Spanish and we both dressed and left the house. She went off to the university where she was studying to be a teacher and I navigated the Metro to find Reiner Sofia where I hoped I would immerse myself in great Art. I wasn't disappointed but come 1pm I had exhausted my visual input and wow factor repertoire and decided to head home for a light meal and a siesta. 

I arrived at the apartment at 2pm proud of my ability to navigate the Metro system and to find my way back home. As I opened the door I was immediately greeted by the sound of a woman squealing in orgasm. On the floor in the tiled hallway was a trail of hi heeled shoes. I entered the hall cautiously not wanting to disturb my host and what I recognised to be Sofia's excited voice moaning and rapidly saying things in Spanish. I closed the door quietly and thought I might go for a walk but then curiosity go the better of me and I crept down the hall towards the lounge dining area and peeked through the crack in the door. I heard Sofia squeal again from a different direction that I realised came from the bedroom. On the floor in the lounge was the tight little red mini dress that Sofia had worn earlier that morning, a pretty black lace D cup bra followed closely by a matching G string obviously hurriedly removed only minutes before. I tiptoed into the lounge.

She squealed repeatedly. 'Tan grande' which I later found out meant 'so big' and I gathered the other words were similar I could hear 'bueno'- good lots. I was intrigued I had hadn't really heard others making love before apart from my sisters adolescent indiscretions when I was at home. The door to the bedroom was open and I crept to it and peeked in side. Luckily they both were facing the courtyard window and making so much noise they didn't hear me. 

Sofia was kneeling on all fours on the bed her pert round young ass taut and quivering. Paulo was inside her, his giant balls slapping her clit and what appeared to be a very large cock sliding into her over excited wet pussy. The air was full of her delighted screams and the slap of his balls against her as he rammed her from one shivering orgasm to the next. He paused and adjusted his angle of entry after each orgasm and slapped her pretty ass a few times but rarely missed a stroke unless he intended to tease her, which he often did. He would pull his cock from her until it almost escaped, he would let a gush of her plentiful wetness dribble down her inner thighs and then when she wriggled and squirmed as she ached for him to fill her, he plunged back inside her hard and deep to elicit still more screams from her. Age had not slowed him down. Paulo was in his late forties perhaps even fifty but his body was beautifully toned and muscular, flecks of grey peppering his body hair. 

As they shifted position they eventually moved to the bed and she climbed on top of him and rode him bouncing like an over eager kangaroo. He leaned forward and suckled her magnificent breasts, gathering them in his hands and sucking her nipples and teasing them with his articulate tongue. She bounced herself into another succession of loud and dramatic orgasms before he flipped her onto her back and began to moan. She wrapped her legs around him and he grunted and pushed his swollen cock inside her tight, wet, hot, young, pussy. I could see his ass clench as he came and she encouraged him and stroked his swollen balls with her long brown fingers milking him for all he was worth. I knew the pleasure of this kind of excitement when a man cums his cock swells and throbs and the feeling of cum inside is exquisite.

I was immediately conscious of my eyes meeting hers as she stared in orgasmic bliss toward the crack in the door which I was peering through. She had a proud satisfied expression on her face that I read as a 'look how much fun a good girl can have.' Then she moaned again sexily and bit his neck raking his back with her nails as his cock obviously throbbed, swelled and shot inside her again. Paulo collapsed on her, exhausted and she ran her fingers through his short grey speckled hair sending shivers through him and kissed him like a woman possessed. There was no doubt she enjoyed what he did to her.

I was immediately conscious of how wet I was. My tiny soft printed cotton hipster bikini panties were soaked. I have written a fair bit about what I imagined a voyeur would feel but most of my characters had been men and for me that meant voyeurism was a kind of postponement of gratification. It was a strange feeling, I have watched porn with my boyfriend and enjoyed it but we tended to touch each other or ourselves while watching. I was extremely wet and I hadn't touched myself at all. 

I turned and tiptoed down the hallway to my room and closed the door. The moment I did I slid my fingers beneath the hem of my short hipster skirt and down to my panty front. My pussy ached to be touched and the moment my fingers touched the soft cotton triangle my clit tingled. I felt the outline of my labia stretch the cotton as I urgently moved my fingers around the damp fabric. I began to pant and shiver as I became more excited. In my mind it was Paulo who was touching my pussy. I fell onto the bed and with one hand I fondled my breasts through the thin cotton tank top I wore. Each nipple responded by hardening as I pinched them roughly until the nipples were long and hard. I slid my hand beneath my top and massaged each breast, feeling the firmness and weighing them in my hand the way a man would do. All the time the fingers on my panties circled my clit until my panting became irregular gasping. I let go of my body for a moment and clutched a pillow to my face and kissed it passionately then resumed touching my breast. I slid my panties aside and attacked my clit directly, feeling the wetness gush from me and an immediate rise in my excitement. 

Those who know me and my writing, know I love being fucked doggy style and I adore keeping my panties on while I'm doing it. I crouched on all fours and slid my panties aside and rammed two middle fingers into my sopping pussy, imagining Paulo teasing the rim of my sex with his cock and then plunging inside me. I was desperate for a cock inside me. Over two months of abstinence seemed to coalesce around that moment. Sure I had masturbated and fantasised before, I had even had some sessions on Skype with Steve my boyfriend but nothing felt as intense as this. It was so real I was almost there and he was inside me fucking me hard and deep like he had Sofia. I pushed my face into the pillow to muffle my moans as I came, wriggling my ass sensuously as I shivered and shook in orgasm as my fingers wriggled against my G spot and triggered wave after wave of pleasure and wetness.

Somehow in that frenzy I collapsed and fell into a deep sleep. The kind of post-orgasmic sleep we all enjoy. I awoke and it was still light but the clock in the room indicated that it was 7-06 pm. The house was silent. The Spanish tend to work late and have an evening meal around ten. I got up and showered and dressed in a cute little halter mini dress with no bra and a pair of hot pink string bikini panties. I had bought the dress in Amsterdam and it fitted nicely around my tits clenching them into a sweet little cleavage and lifting my small B cup offering into a more substantial looking display, spilling out sexily into the open halter but held tightly in place. The fabric showed the faintest outline of my nipples. I was still horny. The pink dress was tight around the bodice but flared into a beautiful but short skirt that floated just covering my ass and panties. It was one of those dangerously short dresses that gave the impression that you might show some of your panties at anytime. I liked it and it got me some interesting looks. I always made sure I had the equally cute panties on underneath just in case. I have always been a tease and always loved attention and this dress accomplished that. 

I swirled in front of the mirror to catch a glimpse of my panties to reassure myself of the tease value and heard the sound of the door opening. I rushed down the hall hoping to see Paulo and tell him about the Galleries. I was surprised to see Sofia carrying groceries.

'Olla Tiffanie, Paulo is at the office for a few more hours. I will make something for us all to eat. Would you like that?'

I nodded and smiled. I had a different impression of this young woman now I had seen her in action. She was stunningly beautiful and she could cook and clean for him and turn Siesta into a sexy pastime. We chatted as I helped her prepare a salada and a selection of antipasto.

'That is such a pretty dress where did you get it? You look lovely in it? Ooooooh but it is so short you can see your underwear. You are a naughty girl just like Sofia! No? Can I touch it?'

I smiled and let her run her fingers over the fabric she smiled sweetly and felt my breasts and the nipples erupted stretching at the fabric. I gasped but didn't pull away. She was so beautiful it felt strange but natural.

'Mmmmmm you do not need to wear a bra with this dress do you?' She giggled and let her fingers clasp my tits then fingered the cleavage as she continued to laugh.

' You are wearing very pretty underwear. Do you mind I like to see nice lingerie? Paulo buys me some. He loves to make love to me in it.'

I didn't seem to mind what she did. I was conscious that I was still horny or that the encounter with this pretty young woman made me even hornier. All I could see playing over and over in my mind was Sofia being fucked wildly by Paulo and the look of bliss on her face. She caressed my panties feeling the warmth of my skin beneath the sheer silk fabric. My ass cheeks seemed to blush like the ones on my face and I gasped a little. She then touched the front and ran her fingers gently across the smooth silk triangle over my shaved pussy.

'You miss your boyfriend a lot don't you? Perhaps you need a Spanish lover. But I think you probably need it soon.'

She leaned forward and kissed me and I just melted and kissed her I was so unbelievably horny. Her sweet gentle kiss sent chills through me. I had never kissed a girl before. Her fingers began to wriggle inside my panties and within moments I was wantonly thrusting at her fingertips and kissing her like an addict craving for a fix. I came wildly and shivered over and over again. 

She broke the kiss and slid to her knees and held my hips guiding them towards her. I leaned back against the kitchen bench and spread my legs as she pressed her lips against my hot aching pussy, I orgasmed immediately then she slid my sopping panties aside and tongued my labia teasing droplets of my wetness from my pussy until they ran down my thighs. She lanced my open vagina with her able tongue and flickered it across my clit until I was feint from excitement and the intensity. She slid three fingers inside me as she suckled my clit and rammed my pussy until I was a shivering, panting wreck. I had lost count how many times I had cum. I almost lost consciousness I was so overcome with pleasure. When Sofia finally let up on my pussy and stood and smiled it was past 9 o'clock. We didn't really discuss it. It was the first time I had ever been with another woman. I didn't feel remotely strange about it in fact I enjoyed it immensely. I still ached for a cock inside me though, perhaps even more now. I may have felt like that just to confirm my heterosexual feelings. Like most things in sex my values have always been that if it feels good and hurts no one then I was happy with it. 

Paulo came home shortly after 9-30pm and I was conscious of how passionately Sofia greeted him at the door grinding herself against him and kissing him like she wanted to go to bed with him immediately. Paulo was a bit disturbed by her open display but took it in good humour and when she had finished making him impossibly hard and uncomfortable they both returned to the dining room where I had finished laying out the Paella and salad. We sat there eating and drinking for several hours. I had lost count how much I drank. I am not usually a big drinker and I had exceeded my usual 3-4 wines in the first hour. I was quite drunk when we finished the meal. Paulo had been looking lustily at me most of the evening and several comments were made about my 'sexy dress' and how you could see my panties. 
