 James and Sarah are our close friends and when we were discussing holiday plans they jumped at the chance of renting a villa in Majorca with us. It had been a fabulous trip so far, we had our own private pool and spent most evenings sitting out enjoying the warmth and drinking wine.

On this particular evening Sarah and I were watching the lights coming on in the village down the hillside when the peace was broken by a commotion on the terrace. The boys had appeared carrying a tray with a large jug of sangria and 4 glasses. Typically they had gone overboard and the jug was full almost to the brim and bedecked with a random selection of fruit. "Ladies," began James, "May we offer..." But we never found out what he was offering as Mark stepped on a carelessly discarded lilo. Despite a valiant effort to keep his balance the tray went flying scattering sangria and fruit across the patio, luckily it was a plastic jug.

The boys came down from the terrace, helpless with laughter. "I suppose we'd better clear it up before it all goes in the pool," said James. We began picking up the fruit and mopping up the sangria, covering our hands in sticky juice. When we'd finished we looked at each other, Sarah and I had been splashed by the cascade of wine and looked rather the worse for wear. 

"I know how to clean up," said Sarah. She ran to the other end of the pool, shedding clothes as she went, disappearing into the darkness. A few seconds later she appeared at the top of the slide, totally nude. "Nothing like a bit of skinny dipping!" she laughed before launching herself into the cold water. 

She splashed into the pool and came up gasping from the shock of the cold water, I went closer to the edge of the pool but before I could ask if it was cold enough for her I felt a hand in the small of my back and splashed in next to her. I spluttered to the surface, pretending to be outraged. 

"You might as well take those clothes off too now." said Mark. I grinned up at him before climbing out of the pool, it's not easy to strip underwater. Provocatively lit by the pool lights I removed my clinging top and then slid my shorts and thong down my legs. I saw Mark's eyes light up and stuck my tongue out at him before jumping back into the water. 

"Come on then!" called Sarah. The boys lost no time in stripping and jumping into the pool with us. There was a football in the pool and we started throwing it around, the boys making a point of throwing it high so Sarah and I would have to reach up out of the water letting them see our tits, catcalling every time they got a glimpse of nipple.

"So am I going to be the only one going down the slide?" asked Sarah. We climbed out of the pool and made our way to the slide, posing briefly at the top before sliding into the pool. As I got out of the pool ready for another go Sarah grabbed my arm. "Wait a minute," she whispered, then "Now!" I glanced round, Mark and James were both in the dark area at the other end of the pool. We picked up the pile of discarded clothes and ran for the villa, leaving the boys outside without a stitch of clothing. They eventually noticed what we were doing but it was too late, we shut and locked the door behind us and collapsed in a heap, laughing.

We could hear their voices outside, discussing whether there would be any windows open anywhere but we'd pulled all the shutters closed earlier and there was no way in. We grinned at each other, suddenly realising that it had got a little chilly, I went to grab a couple of robes while Sarah poured some wine.

We sat at the breakfast bar in the kitchen laughing at the boys' attempts to get into the house. 

"How long will we give them?" asked Sarah. 

"I don't know, let's see what they try next." I replied. Over the next few minutes we were treated to the boys laughingly threatening us over the video entry phone and then listened with some alarm to their attempts to pile patio furniture up high enough to climb onto the balcony. 

"We might have to let them in soon before they injure themselves." I said. 

"OK," said Sarah, "I'll unlock the door but I won't say anything, let's see how long it takes them to work it out."

Sarah came back into the kitchen and sat opposite me. As she lifted herself up onto the barstool her robe slid apart, giving me a glimpse of sun kissed breast. I couldn't help myself, I slid my hand into the open robe and caressed her, feeling her nipple start to harden under my touch. She looked at me, startled. Nothing like this had ever happened before. Then she smiled and slowly slid the robe completely away from her shoulder, exposing her breast entirely to my view. I sighed and bent my head down to gently lick at her nipple. 

"You know what," I said, "This breakfast bar is really getting in my way."

She needed no further encouragement, slipping down off the bar stool and walking round to me. I nuzzled gently at her exposed breast as I felt her untying my robe. "Let's go upstairs," I whispered.

We ran up the stairs, discarding our robes as we went and fell onto the huge bed in the master bedroom. I kissed Sarah, feeling her magnificent tits rubbing against mine, sliding my hand down her back to cup her gorgeous arse, hearing her moan. I bent my head to lick her breast sucking her nipple into my hot mouth and swirling my tongue over it before turning my attentions to her other breast. She lay back, eyes closed and moaning as I kissed my way down her flat stomach, pausing just to swirl my tongue in her belly button before continuing my slow tortuous journey. My hands were on her thighs, my thumbs tracing circles on the smooth skin. I could smell her arousal and she groaned as my tongue finally reached her smoothly waxed pussy lips. Slowly I licked her hot clit and was rewarded with another moan.

"Fuck me, that's beautiful," said Mark's voice. It seemed the boys had finally realised the door was unlocked. "No, don't stop," he whispered, "That looks fucking amazing." 

I don't think Sarah had even realised they were there, she was lost in her own arousal and I carried on licking and sucking at her clit, feeling the juices start to flow. I felt hands sliding up my thighs, it seemed Mark had got fed up with watching and wanted to join in. I moaned with pleasure and spread my legs as far as I could as I felt his hot tongue on my arse and sliding down to my cunt, first one and then two fingers sliding into me. 

"Oh God, fuck me," I moaned. I was dripping wet and his cock slid straight in, filling me up. He hesitated for a second and then started to move, sliding in and out, building an intoxicating rhythm. I moaned, lost in my own pleasure, almost forgetting the sweet tasting cunt in front of me. As I opened my eyes and glanced up I could see Sarah had been made aware of the boys' presence by the large cock which was now sliding in and out of her mouth. I looked up, meaning to compliment James on his beautiful cock when I realised it was actually Mark pumping into her. Another wave of sexual pleasure washed over me as I realised the hot cock thrusting into my cunt belonged to James. Sarah was close now, her hips starting to buck, moaning around Mark's cock. 

Suddenly she went rigid and arched her back, flooding my mouth with pussy juices. At the same time James slid a finger into my arse. The combination of sensations was too much and I came with a scream, clenching on James' cock as I did. James slid out of me and pushed me onto my back next to Sarah grabbing his cock in his hand. The boys were barely holding on now and as soon as I was lying down Mark pulled his cock from her mouth and they came together, spraying our tits with hot cum as we lay next to each other. I reached over and gently massaged Sarah's tits, rubbing the creamy cum into them. She pushed me back, I thought she was going to return the favour but she slid her entire body on top of me, kissing me deep and hard as our cum covered bodies slipped across each other.

She lifted her head away from mine and looked into my eyes. "Shall we go and have a shower?"