 Another scorching hot day was upon us. Those of us that grew up in the plains of the south knew how to beat the heat. Rule one is obvious. Drink a lot of liquids. Rule two, some people learned the hard way. Don't punish yourself! You gotta find a way to stay comfortable.

Today wasn't any different. But today, the heat was a major contributor that shown me an unexpected true love. It wasn't just the temperature that was hot though. So was my best friend. So was her new neighbor. I'm obeying rule number two!

Here is what happened...

The heat would never stop Becky from working in the garden of her ranch home. That was her new love, pride, and joy. She chose to be alone a lot, I think mostly because she felt embarrassed. Her husband left her for another woman. 

Becky had been divorced now for about three years. As I expected, the separation was difficult for her. We've been friends since grade school. I take care of her by visiting her every other week to spend friendship time together. She has withdrawn from getting in any type of relationship, especially with men. Her husband left her because he told her the sex was better with his new girlfriend. That pig. 

I understood her feelings, though. My husband basically left me nine years earlier for the same reason; younger woman must equal better sex in these pigs eyes. It was only obvious after my husband left me that I realized our relationship must not have been about love. I guess that's why I understand Becky's reluctance of men. I had married a pig too, I reckon. Why do they tell us they love us? I know, for sex. 

Becky really loved her man and she was devastated when he left her. She ought not though. All the guys in school had eyes for Becky. She could have any man she wanted if she played her womanly cards right! She wasn't that kind of gal though. She was simple, innocent, and naturally God given pretty!

After Becky and I graduated from high school, I eventually moved to the city with my now ex-husband; Becky had remained in the country with her now ex. Like the close friends we were, she was there for me when my husband left me. So I've been there for her since her husband left her. We make the sadness go away together.

I've tried finding a good man. I know there out there. I see other women have them. I just have to find him and I'm trying to convince Becky that's what she has to do also. But she still feels negativity for all men right now.

The good part of Becky's divorce was that the judge gave everything to her. So she still lives out in the country on her five acre mini-ranch. I think I'm the only one who stays in contact with her. At least that's the impression I have. 

Her house sits near the back of the property. She has a long driveway from the road. There is that magnificent garden that she tenders every day. "Hey Becky," I said as I got out of my car. 

"Hey Sarah," she waved back to me. I like to see her smile. She's beautiful. Her husband was stupid to leave such a sight!

Becky had the sun tea making on the deck with fresh cut lemons in the pitcher. She took a break and we sat together looking down her front yard and then across the road that I just drove up. The rolling grassy hills in the distance were swaying with the breeze, back and forth. We passed the time talking about everything. The temperature was pushing over ninety degrees even in the late afternoon. It was the mid-summer, hot every day.

In the distance we could see the dust coming up the road. I was excited. Not many people travel out here and I actually thought someone might be coming to see Becky. It was a big pickup truck driving slowly as he was passing us. The man in there was waving to us. I looked at Becky all happy waiting for her to tell me she had a man friend. But she totally ignored him. He was being friendly to us so I waved back for the both of us but he kept driving by.

"That's my new neighbor. He bought the ranch next door. I don't see him much, though," Becky said to me snidely.

"You should. He seems friendly," I said back trying to sound positive. "Maybe he could help you with your man chores around here. Taking care of this place wouldn't be so hard on you." I tried to encourage her to develop a friendship.

"He's a man, probably a jerk; in fact I know he's a jerk!"

"Why do you say that?"

Becky went on trying to describe and act like the way she thought he was, "Did you see that truck? All high lifted like that. That means he's a showoff. Everything is about him." She put her hands in the air and tried to impersonate a man was talking. "Hey, look at me. I drive a big fancy truck! I'm all rough and tough." 

I began chuckling at her impersonation. I knew Becky had a point maybe, but also maybe not. "Maybe he's just being neighborly," I said.

Becky retorted, "The first time I ever saw him I was down there by the fence in front of the road. Do you know what he did? He honked at me! Tried to get my attention, wanted me to turn around."

I didn't see anything wrong with that, but Becky kept up her argument. "He wanted me to turn around because I was wearing my short shorts down there... it was hot like today... and I had my shirt tied up to my boobs staying cool. He honked so he could check me out. That's what jerks do! I didn't look at him though. I just walked straight back here 'till he dove by. I sat here like we are now and I watched him pull up next door there. Look. See? There he is. Keep watching, you'll see, he's a jerk!"

I was halfway between laughing and feeling sorry for her. But we turned around to watch him. His house was about a football field away so there was no obviousness to our staring. He walked in his side gate and about all we could see sticking over his fence was his head. I just looked at Becky with a smile. She told me to keep watching.

It looked like he took off his shirt. "So he took his shirt off. It's ninety degrees out, Becky. What makes him a jerk?" I said. 

She said back to me like we were having an argument, "He took all his clothes off. He takes a shower out there, and then he goes inside."

I wanted to see that! I stared as hard as I could and couldn't tell if he was naked. But there was some sort of shower going. We could see him turn his face up to it. It could have even been a type of sprinkler attachment for a garden hose. But I didn't understand why she thought he was a jerk. Except in her mind all men are jerks now. 

I tried to diffuse her understanding of all men. "Becky, an outdoor shower is refreshing... like a pool... without the expense of a pool. It's hot out here. You have a sprinkler going right there for those lilies. I should turn it on you so you can see how good it feels." 

Becky finally smiled back at me, and then added, "I know he's naked because I've seen him before." I just looked at her with my inquisitive eyes. She continued, "I wanted to make sure that's what he was doing so I went upstairs with my binoculars and spied on him! I couldn't see everything, but I could tell. He was naked alright. That makes him a jerk. Who would take a shower outdoors? Would you do that, Sarah?" 

I didn't know why that would make him a jerk, so I simply told her, "I think I just might. We should run through the sprinklers. We'd be like kids again. The more we keep talking about it, the better it's sounding." 

Becky gave me a look like I was crazy, but she came around by smiling and saying, "I'll only do it with you, Sarah."

I began laughing and then teasing her, "Becky, are you sure you don't have eyes for him? Spying him naked like that! Is he single?"

Becky's eyes turned incredulous at what I just asked. She was determined to prove to me that he was a jerk and said, "He's the only one I've ever seen drive in there. I've never seen a woman at the house. I'll prove he's a jerk to you, though. Come back tomorrow and I'll show you for yourself." We finished our sun tea and I told her I'd be back tomorrow.

It was Friday, the next day. We met up early in the day and went shopping first. She only wanted to buy things that made her look like a lady if I had told her that I liked it. Impressing a man anymore was just not in her cards anymore. So we found a few dresses that showed her off in a modest sort of way and I told her that I liked them. And so she bought them, mostly to please me.

The summer heat was going to be in the mid-nineties again today so we each wore a dress home. It almost felt like we were in high school again, shopping to impress the guys, but all the decisions were left to me now. And all she was doing was trying to impress me. It was okay... Becky was happy.

We made it back to her place around four in the afternoon. We each had a glass of tea and we split a bottle of beer with it to awake the flavor for our thirst. In the distance we could see the dust from the road making a cloud as someone drove our way. "That's probably him. Let's go." Becky said.

I didn't want to go so hastily. "Wait a minute. Let's see if it is him. Maybe he'll slow down and wave again. We need to show off our new dresses." And I remained seated. 

As Becky got up, we could tell it was him. My heart began to race just a little. His big truck began driving real slow and sure enough he saw us and waved. Becky kept her back to him and went inside. I stood up and waved back. I tried to get the skirt part of the dress to twirl a bit as I went to follow Becky. I was trying to draw his attention. He had already passed us by to the point he may not have even noticed me. At least I tried.

I was following Becky who was hurriedly making her way upstairs and then into her unfinished attic space. It was awful hot up there. We were sweating profusely in a matter of minutes. Becky had already removed some metal slats from a vent opening that faced her neighbor's backyard. There was a pair of binoculars sitting on the floor. We sat on some boxes waiting now, perspiration dripping off us like rain it seemed like. As I surveyed our circumstances I wondered if she was okay in the head. She in turn was just looking at me the whole time, now grinning.

Our dresses by now were just sticking to us from our sweat. Becky knew his habits well. After he got out of his truck he went to his backyard via his side gate. And although we couldn't see him clearly through the fence that well, it was obvious he took off his clothes and was standing underneath a shower. I felt uncomfortable watching but I began smiling. I looked at Becky and whispered to her, "We're peeping Jane's. We should stop this." She began laughing and told me to keep watching.

I held up the binoculars staring in his direction. He was really showering! It was obvious he soaped up all over, hair and all, and rinsed off. Then he went to his back door to enter the house. That's when he was away from the fence and the angle of view allowed us to see him, all of him. For about three to five seconds we saw a naked man mostly from his backside. All Becky could say now was, "See, I told you. I told you!"

My heart was racing ecstatically! I hadn't seen a man with no clothes in years.

I wanted out of the attic now. Our dresses were completely drenched and stuck to us. As we stood up I could see Becky's nipples through her dress and her panty lines. I looked down to see if my nipples were showing too. They were. "I need to go put something else on. C'mon Becky, let's get us some towels." It was ninety something degrees downstairs, much cooler than the attic! 

I went into Becky's bedroom, dropped my dress to the floor to rid the sticky feeling and began rummaging through her closet for something else to put on. When she came back with some towels, she dropped her dress to the floor as well and began toweling me off. I just grabbed the towel from her, "Becky, I can do that! We need to find something to wear. I've been thinking. We need to go over there and introduce ourselves." 

I could tell she didn't want to go. I just looked at her and told her to "C'mon." She slipped her panties off and stood behind me naked toweling herself slowly while I continued to find another dress to put on. I finally decided to slip my panties off too. They were drenched in perspiration like the dress. 

Remember rule two? Don't punish yourself. Stay comfortable. 

Let me continue...

I finished toweling off and Becky just watched me as I tried on another dress. I smiled at her, "C'mon, find something to cover up with. I don't have dry panties to put on. And yours ain't going to fit me. I'm just going to wear this longer dress to be respectable. I'm fine like this. Hurry girl, get respectable dressed too!" I wanted to go meet him.

I walked passed her to the kitchen and waited. I could see her through the door and watched her to make sure she was okay. She looked depressed. She was still slowly toweling herself dry. I was hoping she would have grabbed a dress, to be ladylike, but instead she grabbed a simple thong pair of panties and put on some old blue jean shorts. She added her baggy shirt and tied it up just below her breasts and kept as many buttons open as possible to let the air move about underneath. When she came out I got her to smile and cheer up when I told her, "Okay, sexy, let's go!" 

She was still resistant. "You go meet him. I'll get a meal going for us." I could tell in the tone of her voice she really didn't want to go.

"Alright then I will. Give me a measuring cup so I can go borrow something from him. I know, brown sugar. I'll tell him were making something and we didn't have brown sugar. Wish me luck." I turned around and flung the back of my dress up so she'd see my ass. That brought a laugh to her as I looked back. Perfect, she needed more cheering up.

As I approached her neighbor's place , my heart was racing. He was washing his truck in his driveway without his shirt on as I walked up. I showed him the measuring cup and coyly asked if he had brown sugar to spare. He was pleasant to meet. He invited me in with him to get it. 

I was disappointed when he grabbed his shirt and put it on. So I reasoned he's both modest and good looking. That would be a quality not of a jerk. Our conversation really took off when we got inside. He started out, "I'm really glad you came over. I've wanted to meet my neighbors. My name is Tyler. I can never seem to get your partner's attention."

"Oh, she's not my partner, she's my best friend. I don't live there. My name is Sarah, though," I told him to clear things up.

"A long while back I saw your friend by the fence working that beautiful garden. I honked to get her attention. I wish I had just stopped though. It was as if she couldn't hear me and walked back to her house. I remember my mother telling me to never honk to get a lady's attention. I really I blew it. I just love her garden though. I wish I could grow one like that, but I'm never home it seems like, always working."

"What do you do?" I asked.

"I'm one of the road layer supervisors for the new highway. I got to make sure the moisture content is correct so it doesn't ruin the concrete when it gets poured, being so hot out here. A lot of times the water trucks go full open. So every now and then, actually every day, I got to drive my truck through these mud sections when I'm doing inspections. That's why it's always dirty when I drive by."

"Oh, Becky showed me your truck yesterday when I waved to you. We like the way your truck looks."

He smiled and said, "All muddy? You ladies have class. That's kind of you to say that. I look the same as my truck sometimes, just about every day as well. I got to leave my clothes out back and rinse off so I don't track all that mud in the house. My mother taught me that too. I guess I've played more in the mud than trying to pick up the ladies. I wish I didn't honk at your friend. I keep my house clean though." Tyler explained himself well in his humble way.

I was smiling. I looked around and his house was clean! There was not much furniture inside, just the basics, a couch, chair, table, that's all I could see. And it was clean. 

I wish Becky could meet him now. He seems like a keeper, at least with this impression. Looking at him, and letting my imagination run, I can only imagine that being with him in a pleasureful way would bring out the woman in any female!

He continued the conversation, "Say, Sarah, it's Friday. No work tomorrow. I'm grilling burgers for supper tonight. Why don't you go get your friend and I'll make you guys supper. Then I can apologize to your friend, or as I should be saying, my neighbor. What's her name anyway?"

My heart was racing again. "Um, her name is Becky. We'd love to have supper with you.. I'll run home and get her." 

I headed to the door probably with a little too much excitement. He reminded me, "You don't have to hurry. You forgot your brown sugar. Make whatever you're making and bring it with you, if you want."

I wasn't thinking straight now. And I didn't know what to say. I let my guard down. I looked at the cup of brown sugar and then back at him, "I'll think of something to make with this!" 

That was stupid. Why did I say that in front of him? I walked as fast as I could, running when possible, back down his driveway, down the road, and back up Becky's driveway. I couldn't contain my excitement as I ran in the door. "Becky, Becky, Becky. We have a date tonight!"

Becky was all smiles, "Me and you? That would be wonderful!"

I talked even louder with all my excitement, "And Tyler! That's his name, your neighbor. I told him we liked his truck and he invited us over for supper, right now!"

Becky's smile disappeared, "You mean it's NOT just me and you tonight?"

"Listen to me Becky. He's really nice. He wants to meet you. He likes your garden. He's super handsome and super nice. Trust me, you'll like him. And help me. What can we make with this brown sugar? We have to think of something!" 

I was so full of excitement. Becky and I never got back into the dating scene after we divorced. I had occasional man encounters but never any date times alone with men. 

This guy was different! He wasn't a pretentious church goer, nor was he a one night stand bar pick-up. He was a honest hard working guy! One of us should make him a couple! 

I finally got my thoughts collected and told her, "First we need to take a shower, Becky. He's all cleaned up over there, even his house. His mama made sure he keeps a clean house. How good does it get, girl. I'll be in the shower."

All Becky said was, "I can make a fruit salad and mix the brown sugar in. I bought a whole pineapple yesterday."

A short time later, while I was rinsing out the soap in my hair, Becky came in the bathroom, "I finished the fruit salad. It has coconut too. It's like a Caribbean fruit salad," she began telling me. I partially opened the curtain to see her undressing. "I'll be right in," she continued. Before I could get out she had stepped into the back part of the tub. 

I didn't know what she was thinking, "Really Becky? We're not in that much of a hurry. You want to pretend we are back in the high school gym shower?" I handed her the soap and moved as close as I could to the wall so the water would hit her too. She began making a lather all over and I finished rinsing my hair and stepped out. After toweling off I slipped back into my dress and Becky began talking to me, "We're close aren't we Sarah?"

"Of course we are," I retorted back to her wondering why she would ask that.

"That's what I thought. I was thinking... why don't you move in with me? It would be like you and me, and we can raise your kids when it's your turn to have them from your ex. I wouldn't mind."

"Why are you saying this now? There is a really nice, good looking, guy, who wants to meet you next door. And if you don't want him... well, I might then. Do you understand?"
