 Daniel leaning in the doorway said,

"She has the tightest pussy I've ever felt. I don't know how much cock she can take, careful boys."

He left with that.

Mike on his knees was watching Emma's pussy full of cum. Logan ran his fingers around the outline of her face, his cock in hand. He quickly pitched her nose shut, causing her mouth to gasp open. He sat on her chest, shoving his hard cock into her mouth. She started moaning again as mike's cock slipped in between her pussy lips. Slowly filling her up. Cum spilled out of the sides.

Robert was Awe struck, he only stood there with his cock in hand, vigorously pumping, intoxicated by Emma's body.

Mike pushed Logan off of her, leaning into kiss her.

He fell between her legs, faster and faster. 

"You have such a cutie mouth. I'm going to fuck your brains out."

He moaned, overcome by his worldly needs. Mike didn't last long, pulling Emma onto him, she rode his cock.

"Mm sir, please fuck me, please."

"Call me daddy, baby girl. Call me daddy."

"Daddy, please fuck me daddy."

"Argghhh!" Mike exploded inside her, throwing her off him right after. 

"You're up, Logan." He slapped him on the back, leaving the room. Pants around his thighs. 

Logan stood over Emma, pear lust in his eyes.

"Please..." Emma said, not thinking she could take anymore.

"Shut up."

He threw her on the ground, and opened her mouth. 

"Now suck me, slut."

She grabbed his cock stroking it slowly. She lifted it up, sucking on his balls.

"You fucking whore!" His head fell back, allowing Emma to continue.

He soon shot cum onto her hair and face, Emma was glad it was finally over. He dried off his cock in her hair, pushing her to the ground.

"Robert? Huh? Best fucking blow job ever. Take a turn."

He patted Roberts back, leaving them alone. Slamming the door behind him.

Emma looked up at him, her cum cover face dripping.

"Pl-please, I can't..." She stuttered.

"It's okay, it's okay." He tucked away his hard member, lifting Emma to her unsteady feet. He picked her up and carried her to the bathroom.

"Where are we going...?"

Emma's head fell to his chest, she was asleep.

"Okay."

He set her into the bathtub and turned on the water. He started to clean her off. Something came over Robert, something that wasn't lust. He didn't understand it, but he wanted to protect her. 

Drying her off, he carried her back to her room. Fitting her with pjs and changed her blankets, laying her in bed.

"Thank you..." She mumbled, pulling Robert closer hugging him.

"You're welcome princess..."

He laid there with her until they both fell asleep.

He woke up, Emma cradled in his arms. He stood up, replacing himself with one if her stuffed animals. When walked out of the room he was met with the other men, talking about the night before. 

"Hey! HAHA!" They all laughed, punching his arm playfully.

"How was she? Pretty fucking tight huh?" Daniel said an ecstatic look on his face. 

"I want to try out that asshole tonight!"

The others laughed explaining what they'd do to her, in great detail.

Roberts blood started to boil, anger filling his head.

"No! No, you aren't going to touch her again, any of you."

They all laughed, 

"Come on." Mike said,

"You can't keep that tight little whore all to yourself! You're not enough man for her."

Mike pushed him out of the way, reaching for the door.

Robert stopped him, punching him in the face, throwing him to the ground. 

Daniel and Logan picked mike up and held him back.

"You guys aren't going to touch her again!"

"Come on asshole. You did the same thing we did, don't act all high and mighty." Daniel spat.

"No, I didn't. And I won't." Robert stood at her door till the others walked away. 

He walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower.

He got in and let the hot water run over his tense body. He heard the door open.

Mike wants another round, he thought silently to himself. He peered around the curtain, but it wasn't mike standing there. It was the princess, in a white fluffy towel. 

"Emma!" He shouted probably to loud. 

"I'm sorry, princess."

He fell to his knees bowing before her. She giggled and touched his shoulder telling him to rise. 

A long moment of silent fell between them. Robert, realizing his naked state scrambled to cover himself. The princess giggled again.

"How may I be of assistance?"

"I think we might be past formalists after last night. Thank you, again. For cleaning me up and not..."

Robert nodded, understanding her lack of words. He slightly bowed, his cheeks growling red. 

"You're, you're welcome princess."

Emma dropped her towel, revealing herself to him completely. The shower still running, left the room hot and steamy. 

"Princess! What are you doing!?"

Robert said picking up her towel, trying to cover her. She only smiled and removed his towel, Pulling him into the shower. 

"Princess!..." She held a finger to his lips, kissing him slowly. The water fell over each of their faces, as they stared into each others eyes. 

"I don't want to hurt you, to use you like them...I want to protect you."

"I know, I heard you this morning."

She took him in a soft kiss, running her fingers threw his hair.

"I want to protect you."

Robert pulled away, looking down he saw his cock. Hard as a rock in between her legs. Ashamed of how weak his body was.

"Hey."

Emma held his chin between her pointer and thumb, looking up at him.

"You have protected me, and you will. That doesn't mean you can't...have me." She pulled him into another kiss, stopping inches from him, waiting for him to make a move. He looked deeply into her eyes. He grabbed her softly, pulling her to him. Embracing her, their lips intertwined. They held that way for maybe to long. But they loved it, their new found intimacy, melting into each others arms. 

They didn't have sex, they simply washed each other, watching the soap run down each others body's. drying each other off, they didn't break their gaze. And thus, another love story of the princess and the servant came to be.