 Saturday morning rolled around, and the day was looking to be beautiful. The house was cleaner than it had been for quite some time, thanks to my new maid/sex partner Lucy, and I was ready for the girls to come over and hang by the pool. The towels were laid out, the bed sheets were changed and clean, and I was showered, and ready to party. I spent the early part of the morning working on different things, and chatting with a few of the ladies in the chat room. One of them in particular drew my interest. She sent me some pictures of her, and her state of dress changed with each shot. She was a chubby Asian girl with nice tits and a wide, plump butt. She knew Lola and Lori, and when I told her I was having the girls over before the lounge tonight, she sounded like she was interested. I dropped an invitation, and she jumped at it. I gave her the address, and she promised to be here.

I grabbed a quick shower, and headed downstairs to get things ready. I filled a bucket with ice and beer, and made sure the outdoor bar was fully stocked, in case anyone wanted something stronger. I grabbed a big stack of towels from the closet and put them in the towel holder my ex had insisted on getting. I always hated the thing, but now I was actually using it. It's funny how some things work out.

I had just finished setting everything up, when the doorbell rang. When I opened the door, Sherri, the Asian girl I'd been chatting with earlier was standing there. We shook hands, and then laughed and hugged. She kissed me on the cheek, and before we realized what was going on, we were kissing. Obviously, there was an instant attraction thing going on. The only thing that stopped us from going further right then and there was the honking of a car horn. We broke the kiss laughing, and turned to see who was pulling up. Lori pulled her car behind Sherri's, and jumped out.

"Sherri! I didn't know you knew Eric?"

"Actually, we just met. What can I say, I'm a sucker for a good-looking guy!"

We all laughed, and I showed the ladies in. I gave Sherri the nickel tour of the house, as always, ending with the master bedroom. Lori laughed at this, as that's exactly how I got her into my bed, by doing the same thing. We started to head downstairs, but just as Lori left the room, Sherri grabbed my hand.

"Let her go for a minute. I want to continue what we were doing earlier."

She pulled my down to her in a passionate kiss, and we quickly ended up rolling on the bed. She wasted no time in getting on top of me and grinding on my cock while we kissed. Again, the only thing that stopped us from going further was the doorbell. Sherri reluctantly moved off of me, and whispered in my ear as we got up.

"I am going to get you where I want you. And I want you deep inside my wet pussy. Keep that in mind."

I grinned, and she groped my cock in response.

"I'm serious. I want to fuck your brains out."

"Don't worry, Sherri. There's nothing I'd like to do more than get you naked and have my way with you. Be patient. With these girls, it's pretty much a given that clothes will come off, and sex will happen. All you have to do is make sure you get first shot. I think a resourceful girl like yourself can manage that, don't you?"

She laughed, and stuck her tongue out at me. We were laughing when we got downstairs, and Lori had already opened the door and let the newcomers in. Lola was standing in the entryway, and Monique was already headed for the pool. Lola was introducing Lori to her friend David.

"Eric! This is my friend David. I hope you don't mind that I brought him along. He's only in town for a few days, and I couldn't leave him alone all day at my place."

"Don't worry about it. The more the merrier. Welcome to my humble abode, David. The pool is in the back, and there's beer and a full bar as well. Towels are in that ridiculous contraption by the shed, and the blue float is mine. Other than that, make yourself at home."

We all laughed, and headed for the pool. Lola grabbed my hand and pulled me back briefly.

"I'm really sorry I didn't give you a head's up that he was with me. David is a very nice guy, and he's got a very open mind. He knows how sexual I think, and if I'm not mistaken, he and Monique are going to hit it off really well. Oh, one more thing about David. He's shamelessly bisexual, so don't be offended if he hits on you as well."

"I'm okay with that. Don't be surprised if I take him up on it if he does hit on me. I know my way around a male body, as well."

"You do? Aren't you full of surprises? Tell me more!"

"My college roommate was gay, and after getting dumped by my then girlfriend, he offered to take me out and cheer me up. We had too much to drink, and by the time we were back in our room, he had admitted that he had a crush on me. I admitted that I was curious about gay sex, and we ended up sleeping together that night. After that, he and I hooked up a few times, and ever since, I've always kept the possibility of doing it again in the back of my mind."

"Wow, I like that idea. I love to watch two men go at it. Makes me wet just thinking about it."

By this time, we were out by the pool. Lori was lying on one of the chairs getting an all-over tan. Sherri was dropping her bottoms to get her own tan going, and Monique was trying to convince David to go naked as well.

"I don't know, Monique. I don't want to offend Eric by wandering around his house naked."

"David, don't worry about it. If it makes you feel better, here."

I dropped my own shorts, and stood naked in front of the group. I got whistles and cheers from the ladies, and I saw David eye my tool appreciatively. He grinned, and dropped his own shorts. Monique immediately grabbed his hand and pulled him into the pool, and we laughed, knowing she was going to jump his bones. Lola stripped her own suit off, and suddenly, I was surrounded by naked people. Life can be so good, sometimes.

Lola made a grab for my cock, but Sherri was there first. She wasted no time in pulling me to her, and before I could do anything, my cock was in her mouth. All I could do at that point was moan, and enjoy the fun. Lori just watched, idly tweaking and rubbing her nipples. Lola spread her legs, and crawled between them to eat her pussy. I watched the girls go at it while Sherri sucked my cock, and then Sherri let me loose.

"You know what I want, Eric. It's time. Put that thing in my cunt, now."

Who am I to argue with a sexy naked woman? Sherri Stood up and pushed me down on my back, and straddled my legs. She guided my cock inside of her, and was riding me hard in no time. Her tits were flopping as she bounced, and I took the opportunity to grab hold. She cried out once, and I felt her juices run down her thighs and cover my crotch. I saw David and Monique out of the corner of my eye. Monique was bent over the side of the pool, and David was plowing her ass like the world was going to end.

Sherri continued to ride my cock, and the girls came over to join us. Lori kissed Sherri, and Lola straddled my face, and lowered her snatch to my mouth. I stuck my tongue deep inside of her, and ate her pussy well. She came all over my face, and when Lori got down between my legs and sucked my balls, I lost it. With a huge grunt, I shot my load inside of Sherri's tight cunt. She clamped down, and milked my cock for everything she could get. Lola came on my face, and I could hear Monique crying out her own orgasm. We all finally came down, and watched David finish Monique off. She pushed him back, and sucked his cock dry. He came so much it spurted out from around the edges of her mouth, and she wasted no time in licking his cock clean.

We all dove into the pool, and enjoyed the cool water. Bodies were groped, kisses were exchanged, and six of us relaxed, knowing the day was far from over. I grabbed my blue float, and drifted around the pool, laughing and talking with everyone. At one point, Lola and Sherri were making out in the shallow end, and Monique was playing with Lori's tits. Feeling a little bit left out, David came over to me.

"Would you be offended if I told you that you have a very nice body, and a great cock?"

"Not at all. I was thinking the same about you. Lola told me you were bisexual, and it's been a long time since I've been with a man. Would you mind if I..."

Before I could finish my sentence, David was sucking my cock. I grabbed the back of his head, and let him go to town. I saw the girls all stop what they were doing to watch, and I laughed. David looked up to see what I was laughing at, and started laughing himself.

"Let's move to one of the chairs, David. I want to enjoy this the right way, if you don't mind."

I rolled off the float, and while I was under water, I gave his cock a quick grope. I felt him go to his toes as I did it, and I swam to the edge, laughing. He grinned, and came after me.

I made it to the lounge chair, and he was right there, ready to swallow my cock again. Lola and Lori were paired off together, sixty-nine style, and Monique was playing with her pussy while she watched David and me. Sherrie came over and pushed me down so she could plant her snatch on my face. I pulled her down closer, and shoved my tongue into her as far as I could get it to go. The three of us stayed in that position until Sherrie came wetly all over my face, and David moved up to taste her juices. The three of us shared a kiss, and Sherrie moved her way down to my cock, impaling herself on me. David fed his cock into my mouth, and the other girls came over to join us. I was sharing David with Lola and Lori, and I felt Monique down below, tonguing my balls as Sherrie rode me like a cowgirl.

Eventually, Sherrie had another wet explosion all over my crotch, which set me off. I filled her snatch with my seed, and David pulled his cock out of my mouth to shoot his load all over Lori and Lola's faces. The six of us collapsed together on the side of the pool, spent, and well satisfied. Eventually, we all gathered our energy and jumped into the pool to cool off and clean up. I felt sorry for the pool guy, there was going to be a lot of extra chemicals in the pool this week for sure.

We all moved inside, and I put out food and drink. We spent the rest of the day talking, laughing, and of course, fucking and sucking. We actually spent so much energy on sex, none of us wanted to go to the club that night. I invited everyone to stay overnight, knowing that the sex would continue the next day. By the time the weekend was over, I had fucked each and every person, including David, and he could say the same. The girls were in heaven, never having been so thoroughly fucked before, and David and I were barely able to move.

Sunday evening, I said goodbye to everyone but Sherrie. Sherrie and I had hit it off a little more than we had anticipated. She and I were actually discussing a serious relationship, and she was going to stay with me for an extra couple of days, just to see if we could handle it. We did agree on one thing right away, however. Ours would be an open relationship. She could see other men and I could see other women. It was her idea, and only a foolish man would disagree. I've never considered myself a fool, unless you count the moment I said "I do" to my ex, but that doesn't really count. Whatever happened over the next days and weeks, my life had definitely changed for the better, and I wasn't going back to the way it was for anything...or so I thought.