 My name is Mike. I am a male television personality for a Texas station, in my late 30's. I appear almost nightly as an announcer and presenter, and also, because of my interest and background knowledge, I often double as a sports commentator. It's a great living, and I am recognizable over a radius of hundreds of miles. Since I'm fairly tall and athletic, currently single, and I have a photogenic, blond-blue-eyed appearance, it serves me well in the ladies department as well!

One of the lucrative sidelines of my profession are the public speaking engagements. They vary, of course, but the best-paying ($10 - $15,000 per gig) are the society fundraising dinners. I have to appear, praise the cause, appeal for money, and tell some anecdotes about life in a television station – making it sound as though I am giving away all the secrets.

A few months back I was approached to be the star attraction at a very glitzy fundraising gala in one of the biggest cities in our area. It was to be held at the finest hotel, with good food and good music, and was in aid of a regional hospital. As usual, there was a preliminary meeting to agree the details about six months in advance of the event. I have to say that if I had any hesitation about accepting the engagement, it disappeared when I met the two organizers – both prominent 'society wives' in southern Texas. 

They were stunning 'trophy wives', a little older than me – I would guess in their early forties. That is an age that I love in smart women – young enough still to be full of sexual energy, but old enough to have the calm and sensuality to be able to really give laid-back and sophisticated sex.

Joan was a slim blonde, with an hourglass figure and a great butt and legs. When we met, she was wearing a pair of beautifully-fitted jeans, an expensive blouse and just enough expensive jewelry to make a discrete statement. Her partner, Sheila, was a brunette, slightly taller, with never-ending legs and a fuller bust. Both wore necklines that were just low enough to be enticing, without being undignified. But they both radiated sex.

So, without much argument or negotiation, I agreed. I would have a suite at the hotel overnight, and they carefully took down my other quirky requirements. I usually added in something absurd for amusement (a bowl of kiwi fruit, in this case.)

Come the day, I arrived; showered; changed into my tux, and went down to the ballroom at the correct time. Dinner was set for at least four hundred guests. It was magnificently decorated. So were my hosts, both of whom wore stunning, slinky dresses. Joan wore a glittering, floor-length, silvery creation; Sheila a powder-blue, swirling three-quarter length dress with an almost bare cutaway back. Both were sizzling!

I gave my speech – it was well-received and I had great applause. Sheila and Joan – seated each side of me – were obviously pleased. Their husbands, on either side, were obviously bored out of their minds. When the speeches were over, and the music began, the two men rose, grinned at each other, kissed their wives and melted away. 

"Are the men going to the bar?" I asked Joan.

"No – they're going to fuck their girlfriends" she smiled back at me. "We'll see them tomorrow sometime."

I was a little taken aback at this, but decided that the polite thing to do was not to comment.

"Sheila and I always stay the night in the hotel – it's too much to go home at the end. They are bored out of their minds, so we just let them go. The price they pay is to give the lead donations to the fundraising. We all get a good deal!" She and Sheila giggled at each other.

Anyway, by this time it was getting boring, and I wondered what time I could gracefully withdraw myself. I needn't have worried – these efficient ladies had it worked out. 

"Mike – at ten o'clock you can go, if you want. We will come up to your suite at 10:30 and give you your cheque, if that's ok with you?" asked Sheila, with a gorgeous smile. "Oh – and we'll bring the dessert", she added.

And that is what happened. By 10:05 I was in my room. I was happy to get out of the tux, and I showered and got into my nightwear – a pair of baggy sweatpants and a cotton sweatshirt. 

At 10:30 exactly there was a knock on the door. I opened it and my two friends came in. Joan was holding an envelope. That was it – apparently, no dessert.

'So – thanks, Mike, that was a really great performance," said Joan as she handed me the envelope. 

"It was my pleasure," I replied. Since on these occasions I rarely have a chance to eat anything at dinner, I was a little concerned about the dessert, which I was looking forward to. "I may call room service for that dessert - do either of you want anything?"

"Oh Mike," whispered Joan, her eyes flashing. "You didn't understand – we're the dessert..."

With that she, unzipped her dress down the front, and stepped out of it. She had a body that could only come from years of gym and personal training. Her bra and panties were lacy black; she had sheer tights on; and that was it. Her breasts were firm and shapely. As I watched, she kicked off her heels, sat on a chair, and took her tights off. "You can deal with the rest," she said to me. 

Sheila took a step towards me and put her hand on my prick. She pushed me gently towards the bed. They giggled at each other. Joan stepped over and unzipped Sheila's dress, gently slipping it of her. She, in contrast, wore white lingerie. The two of them briefly kissed each other, and I noticed both gently feeling the other's breasts and bottoms as they walked towards me. 

I stretched back on the bed, wondering what was going to happen next. They seemed very much in charge. Joan started taking off my sweatpants; Sheila pulled my sweatshirt over my head. 

They kneeled down next to me, carefully brushing their still-bra'ed breasts over my chest. 

"Sheila likes being fucked up the arse", whispered Joan, massaging my stomach and chest as she spoke.

"Joan gives the best blow jobs, and likes a finger up her backside as she comes", announced Sheila.

"And we both like each other as well", they said in a well-rehearsed line simultaneously.

My cock by this time was totally erect. The two women looked at it, and at each other. I leaned forward and unhooked Sheila's bra. Two gorgeous, full breasts came into view. Her first movement was to brush both over my cock. 

Joan sat up, looked at me straight, reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She trailed it over my chest and face. 

"Can you smell my perfume, you stud?" she said in one of the most erotic things I have ever had said to me. The bra had a gorgeous scent, as did her tits, which followed it closely.

Joan, true to her reputation, started the gentle preliminaries to a classy blow job. She caressed my cock and balls, expertly using her thumbs to press the base of the penis. Sheila positioned herself next to me, where she could give a running commentary. 

"Do you see what she's doing?" she whispered. "Soon her mouth will be there, and she'll tease you and tease you until you come in her mouth. Then we'll both play with you until you're ready to fuck again, and you can fuck me in the arse. But Joanie here gets so excited from the blow job that she'll need seeing to, and probably I'll lick her clit until she comes. We're only just beginning, by the way."

I cannot convey the intense eroticism of what was happening. Sheila took my hand and placed it inside her panties, where I encountered a sopping wet cunt and a very erect clitoris. Joan's mouth found my cock, and, on her knees by my side, she started sucking. With my other hand I reached under her arms and squeezed her tits, which got a grateful moan. I didn't last long, and with a series of grunts and heaves came mightily into her mouth. She swallowed it all, and carefully cleaned me.

Then the two of them disengaged from me and lay together. Swiftly, Sheila licked Joan's cunt, bringing her to a huge, loud orgasm. Sheila then lay on top of Joan, who put one hand under her and penetrated her with several fingers; with the other she caressed Sheila's shapely buttocks, running her fingers up and down her cleft. As Joan's breathing deepened, she dug her fingers into her arse, rubbing her anus and then – judging from the sounds and movements – inserting at least one finger right into her back passage. Sheila's orgasm was quiet. Her body went rigid, and then suddenly relaxed with a loud sigh.

This was spectacular sex to witness. They both grinned, and turned back to me.

Dear reader, I cannot describe to you the following few hours. Yes, I fucked Sheila in the arse; yes, I rubbed my fingers into Joanie's anus, and a lot more besides. I discovered where my prostate gland was located. I fucked them; they played with me, and I watched them play with each other. By the morning, the three of us were exhausted. At about six, I awoke. Joanie stirred, grinned, and fondled my cock. But it was exhausted, as was its owner.

We showered, together, with a lot of soaping of intimate parts. Somehow they had sneaked a suitcase into the suite earlier in the day, and they dressed casually, made up, and stowed their glamorous gowns into the case. At about seven-thirty they announced that they were going down for breakfast, and then making their way home.

"Mike – this was a great event, beginning to end!" simpered Joan. "Best guest speaker we've ever had!" The two of them collapsed in giggles – waved at me, and left.

––––––––––––––