 A/N: This is part 6 of a 6-part series. It helps to have read parts 1 to 5 first.



One of the fantasies that a few men wanted to see on film and, more importantly, wanted to participate in was a group groping and fucking on a bus or tram or subway. They paid huge for that. We rented a city bus and got me into one of my school uniforms. 

The three men who wanted to participate were told they would not get to fuck me, only to touch. But they would get hand jobs from me and maybe, if they were lucky, I'd give them oral. They were told to sit at the back of the bus. All faces but mine would be pixelated to avoid recognition. 

I made my way onto the bus and the script called for me to be somewhat pushed to the back of the bus by bunch of people on the bus. Once there, I was to hold on to the strap above my head. The bus drove around and soon, I felt a hand on my ass. As directed, I tried to push it away but it kept coming back. Soon, it was joined by a second hand. As I had to hold on with my one hand, I only had the one hand to try to push the other hands away. A third and fourth hand joined in on the fun, caressing my boobs through the fabric of my blouse. 

One of the hands started unbuttoning the blouse and my only free hand went to try to stop that so that gave complete access to the hands on my backside. Feeling those hands start ripping apart my pantyhose, I reached back to try to stop them which gave the hands in front total access to finish unbuttoning my blouse. Someone held my free hand behind my back and more hands pulled my blouse open and pushed my bra up and above my breasts. Hands started caressing my breasts and teasing my nipples. Of course, my nipples didn't take long to perk up!

Meanwhile, hands were on the inside of my thighs and on my backside. My pantyhose were torn to shreds and pulled down. My panties were pushed aside and I felt fingers probing at my pussy from behind. As soon as the finger pushed into my pussy, I arched my back against it and moaned. They had me. I would no longer fight it.

I had hands on my breasts, teasing my nipples. I had hands on my legs, caressing up and down. I had a finger up my pussy, finger-fucking me and finally, I had a hand on my clit, rubbing it intensely. I was in heaven. My mouth was open and I was moaning almost nonstop. I was bent down and my hands were both wrapped around hard cocks. I buried my head in one man's shoulder and allowed them all to maul me for a while. Then, knowing that my face had to be seen, I pulled away and turned to face in the direction I knew one of the cameras was. My eyes were half closed as I enjoyed all the touching and groping. Then, the finger-fucking and the fingers on my clit managed to push me over the edge and I had an orgasm. 

I was then pushed down and turned around to face the cock of the guy who had finger-fucked me. I started licking him. Hands reached down to play with my tits and my pussy but it was difficult with me at the bottom of the bus like that so they pulled me up. Not wanting our "guests" to do anything that wasn't allowed, they turned me around to offer my pussy to the same guy as before and he rammed his hard cock into me. I resumed giving hand jobs to two of the guys on the bench. Hands were still mauling my breasts and one hand reached under and rubbed my clit. 

I wanted more so I bent down and took the one guy in front of me into my mouth while I reached for a third guy's cock with my now free hand. The guy on the left came and to make sure it was captured on the video, I pulled up from the cock I had been sucking and watched him erupt. When he was done, I resumed licking the guy in the middle while still getting pounded from behind. The guy on the left was replaced by another guy and took my hand and set it on his hard cock. I recognized that cock immediately and smiled. 

The guy on the right also erupted as did the guy in my pussy. Well, he pulled out and came all over my ass. As soon as he pulled out, I was pulled forward and up and then turned around to sit on my favorite cock. He pulled my legs open on each side of his, opening me up for all to see. There were hands on my legs, hands on my tits and a hand on my clit, rubbing. The guy I had been sucking started sucking on my nipple and closed my hand over his cock and pumped it up and down. A guy on the other side did the same. With my lover's cock in my pussy and two guys nibbling on my nipples, I was in heaven and I came hard, screaming my release. The guys on either side both came in my hands and my lover pulled out of my pussy to come all over my pussy. Then, all the men got up, straightened themselves up and left me there, a mess on the floor of the bus. The camera came in for a closer look and I smiled and blew it a kiss. 

I got paid handsomely for this movie and I enjoyed it very much. I also got paid nicely for the other movies I did that were viewers' fantasies. Some of my favorites were one in a movie theater, one at a beach, one at a park, one in a fake airport screening room and one getting arrested on the side of the road by fake cops. My guy was always there to make sure my limits were respected and that my needs were taken care of. My bank account was amazingly growing and I never felt like I was being ripped off by my handlers. 

Eventually, I changed my hair color and became a high-paid escort. With the education I'd gotten, I could participate in any discussion intelligently and made all my dates feel like they'd won the lottery. They all ended the night with happy endings though not all of them cared to make me come so I would go home and be well rewarded by my guy. I was well liked and sought-after and had quite a few regulars for a few years. Though I had enough money in my bank accounts to retire and never have to work a day for the rest of my life by the time I was thirty, I chose to continue with this life as I truly enjoyed it.

My guy and I eventually married and I retired from the business when I was almost forty. We purchased a small gift shop in a touristy town and have been running that successfully for years. Once in a while, a tourist will look at me with this odd look and I realize that he is wondering if I am that girl or not. I just smile and start talking to his wife or children and that usually brings them back to reality. 

I am still in contact with my three girlfriends who had similar lives. Two of them also married their first guy while the other married one of her other handlers. We're all happy in our second careers and have no regrets and we definitely do not hold any grudges against the people who "adopted" us all these years ago. Quite the opposite, we still go see them in the old folks home they're in and discreetly reminisce about old times! 

I hope you've enjoyed my tale.

Patricia