 I had been attending the local gym at the health centre for about a month. I like to stay in shape but my busy work life left little time for normal exercise such as walking, tramping and climbing like I would have preferred. I'm 22 and my name is Marcus I'd like to think that I'm in pretty good shape. I've blonde hair and blue eyes. I only tan lightly. 

I work out at the gym two or three times a week and have a personal trainer named Scotty. Scotty was the kind of guy everyone at the gym wants to be like. He is admired by the women and envied by the men. Scotty is 23 darkly tanned and has ripped abs. He always has his hair styled messy and the chicks in the gym ooze over him. He's brown eyes indicate that he's a friendly fellow and we always seem to find something interesting to talk about during our sessions. 

It was during one of the workouts were Scotty was sitting for me while I lifted weights that he told me about the membership offer. My current membership allowed me access to the gym section of the health centre only. I had once paid for a sun bed session but as Scotty said there were still other parts of the club I hadn't explored. Scotty said that the club was having a special deal, where if I renewed my gym membership I could win a chance to use the other facilities at the club free for a year. "So Scotty, what are these other facilities like?" I asked.

"Well, there's a pool, sauna, hot tubs, yoga studio, etc" Answered Scotty. I thought it was probably worth it anyway as I would have to renew my three month subscription eventually. As Scotty said the one year membership was the best value for money. And I did want to continue working out as my body was in great shape and I seemed to have more energy. "Oh mate, did I mention that if you win they'll give you a complementary special massage once a month." 

"What's a special massage?" I enquired.

"Well I'm not exactly sure. Staff have access to all the facilities but I've never had a massage. You've got to admit, it does sound good though." Explained Scotty. I had to agree so at the end of the session Scotty processed my official one year membership and competition entry form. 

Two weeks later I arrived for my session with Scotty. He smiled at me but instead of starting the warm up he told me. "Congratulations mate. You're one of the lucky ones. You have one a full health club membership for a year."

"Wow, that's awesome" I commented.

"So seeing I know how difficult it is for you to make time to visit us here we could tour the complex now. Or after your session. Don't forget that complementary special massage!"

I decided to complete my session with Scotty and then take a massage and tour. I really got going through the workout and was sweating by the end. "I better take a shower Scotty then point me in the direction of the massage." 

"You can go straight to the massage now mate. It will really help you to cool down and relax. I'll take you there myself." Replied Scotty.

Feeling a little sweaty but excited about the massage Scotty led me across the grounds to the massage room. We passed the pool and I was surprised to see how quiet the place was. Scotty caught my glance "I guess the gym provides the bread and butter of the place. But that doesn't mean anything is wrong with our other services." The pool certainly looked inviting. We arrived at the massage room and Scotty asked me to take a seat in the waiting room. He returned from the hallway a moment latter with a lovely looking women in her mid 20's. 

"This is Kirsten. Kirsten meet Marcus" She extended her hand toward me and I shook it firmly. "This way please Marcus" She replied. I said goodbye to Scotty but he followed us down the hallway. I followed Kirsten into a large room. Painted in white the room had two large windows which let in a good amount of light. You could see right into the grounds. I hoped that the glass was only one way. Kirsten explained Scotty's presence. "The special massage normally takes two people, however my assistant Mia is sick today. Don't worry Scotty has his certificate." Kirsten handed me a white towel robe and ushered me towards a changing curtain in the corner of the room. 

"Please Marcus leave nothing on under your robe" She asked. I slipped behind the curtain and began to think of Kristen. She looked amazing. Her black hair was tied up in a pony tail behind her head. Her green eyes seemed to signal some excitement. She was wearing tight fitting gym shorts like Scotty. That left a good amount of great legs to see. Like Scotty she had trainers on. She wore a female version of Scotty's black gym singlet. Her breasts seemed to strain out of the top. From the strings gathered behind her neck I thought she might be wearing a bikini top underneath. I ripped of my tee-shirt. Then I slipped off my trainers and pulled down my shorts. Standing their in my jock I felt a little embarrassed. My rod seemed to have hardened slightly and this was visible through the jock. I slipped it off. Then wrapping the robe around me I emerged from the curtain trying to think away my hardening rod. 

Kirsten motioned me onto the massage bench. I climbed on lying on my stomach. Kirsten pulled the robe from my shoulders while Scotty massaged my feet and legs. Soon Kirsten had loosened the robe so that it hung down on either side of the bench. She helped me to remove my arms from the sleeves. This allowed her greater access to massage my shoulders and neck. All the stress seemed to melt away at her touch. It wasn't long before Scotty was massaging further up my legs and the robe seemed to be only covering my ass.

All this time I hadn't been doing a very good job of softening my rod. In fact from the way it twitched under my abs I had the feeling that it was getting harder. Feeling rather hot and embarrassed I decided to even things up a little. "Wow you guys are doing a pretty amazing job. Still I feel hot, but you guys are the ones doing all the work. Why don't you both remove some clothing?" I asked.

"Good idea, I normally strip down a little during a massage. Especially a special one like this." Replied Kirsten. I turned my head to the side to Kirsten remove her singlet top. The bikini top seemed to be very low cut and Kirsten's breasts almost seemed to spill out of it. "Wow this is more impressive than working with Mia. We always end up pleasuring each other and the client. However I look forward to working with you again Scotty. I love your ripped abs and strong shoulders." Commented Kirsten.

"Thanks, I try" Replied Scotty. "Now lets make this massage special". With that Scotty stopped massaging my leg and went to grab something from the side of the room. It was some sort of lotion. Soon Scotty was pouring lotion onto my back and legs. He also put some lotion onto his hands before giving the bottle to Kirsten. She spread some lotion on her hands then began to massage my neck and shoulders.

Kirsten was slowly massaging the lotion into my skin as she worked from my shoulders down my back. I could feel the lotion creating a foaming sensation on my skin. Starting at my feet Scotty was creating more foam as he massaged his way up my legs. "You know mate for this to be a real special massage we'll need to remove that robe from your butt" Commented Scotty. Before I could even begin to protest Scotty had removed the robe. "Nice Butt, don't you think Scotty" Asked Kirsten. 

"I Agree" Replied Scotty. It wasn't long before Scotty was massaging the foaming lotion into my butt. I probably would have preferred Kristen to do that job. But even at Scotty's touch my rod was hardening between the bench and my stomach. 

Soon Kristen switched places with Scotty and she was massaging my legs and butt. Scotty took care of my neck, shoulders, arms and lower back. I seemed to be covered in soothing foam. "Alright Scotty, I think we have covered the back half pretty well. Should we roll him over?" Asked Kirsten. With thoughts of their disapproval at my now rock hard rod I begged. "Why you'll be able to see you rod. You have already seen my butt. You both must be getting hot by now". I ended up agreeing to roll onto my back if Kirsten and Scotty removed their pants. I rolled over onto my back. Kirsten immediately smiled as her eyes locked onto my stiff rod. "That's some package mate, don't you think so Kirsten?" Kirsten just smiled at Scotty's comments. My rod is nearly 8 inches long. Recently I have started to shave my balls. So like my chest my balls are also hairless with no hair above my rod either. 

Soon Kirsten and Scotty were removing their tight fitting gym shorts in my view. Kirsten's G-string was very low cut like her bikini top. It also appeared to be a swim suit. I wished she would turn around so that I could see her ass. Scotty was now standing in a black jock. It didn't do much to hide his stiff rod which seemed to show through the material. Kirsten poured more of the lotion onto my chest, working her way down my stomach to my rod. She then handed the bottle to Scotty who poured lotion onto each of my legs. He was sure to pour a good amount of lotion onto my rod as well.

With Kirsten massaging the foaming lotion into my arms and Scotty to my feet I could only guess as to which one would reach my rod first. They both seemed to be working slowly. Soon Kirsten reached my chest and Scotty my knees. Again they switched positions. Working her way slowly up my thigh's Kristen was soon foaming my balls. Scotty was working on my stomach. His hands seemed to brush over the sensitive head of my rod. Now both Scotty and Kirsten were massaging my rod. It felt amazing to have two pairs of hands moving slowly over the hard rod. 

However something told me that there was more to this special massage than being jacked off by two people with perfect bodies. I knew I didn't want to cum too soon. "Marcus, I bet that right about now your rod is straining for release" Teased Scotty. 

"Can't be any worse than your rod trapped in that jock mate" I replied. 

"I can solve both those problems soon guys" Said Kirsten. She lead me by the hand out the door way into the hallway. I hoped that no one else was in the building. It would have been pretty strange running into a man covered in foam from his neck to his feet. Scotty followed close behind us. We arrived in another room painted with the same fresh white. In the centre of the room was a spa. "Alright Scotty why don't you strip of that jock. We don't want it to get wet. Marcus, into the tub" Commanded Kirsten. Soon I was lying on my back in the spa. Their seemed to be a bench built into the middle for this purpose. I was only lying in about 6 inches of water which lapped at my sides. Scotty moved into the water. It came up quite a way over his knees. Soon he was stepping out of the jock. He was careful not to get it wet. Once stripped down he revealed an enormous rod. It stuck out proudly in front of him and must have been about 10 inches in length. It was hard and hairless like Scotty's chest. No wonder it was strained under the jock. This was a whole new side to my trainer. 

Kirsten smiled. "Today I have to lucky people to service." She said. Kirsten stepped into the spa and was soon standing at my side with two small wooden buckets. She handed one to Scotty. "Alright Scotty be sure to wash all of this foam away. Then we can start the real fun". Scotty filled the bucket with water and was soon pouring in down my leg. Kirsten poured more water onto my chest. Then Scotty poured water over my rod while Kirsten rubbed it to ensure all the foam had been removed. This continued for a while. Then Kirsten stepped out of the spa and returned with a head rest. I rolled over placing my head into the rest while she and Scotty poured water over my neck, back and legs. They were soon giving me a good rub down. 

I rolled back onto my back on Kirsten's instruction. Soon she was removing her bikini top. Next she positioned her ample breasts just inches from my face. I immediately moved my mouth up as I held her breasts in my hands. Soon I was playing with one nipple in my hand while I sucked on the other nipple. Kirsten was leaning right over me and soon began moaning. From what I could see Scotty was paying particular attention to her pussy. Scotty must have been licked out Kirsten's pussy, but that meant he had to reach over my rod. I felt someone's hand massage my rod. As Kirsten was now teasing my own nipples with her hands I knew that it must be Scotty. 

Kristen lifted her breasts from the grip of my mouth, tongue and hands. She leaned in towards my face soon we were kissing passionately. Kirsten would let her tongue slip into my mouth. She moaned slightly at the same time. I knew that Scotty was still licking at the folds of her pussy while stroking my rod. Kirsten broke the kiss and got up. She positioned herself in a 69 over me. Scotty was now kneeling at the end of the bench. As I pulled Kirsten by the ass towards my face I could see that she was taking Scotty's rod down her throat. 

I pulled her pussy towards my throat. Soon I was losing my tongue in the soft folds of her pussy. All the while my hands were roaming her ass. Then I felt a warm mouth near my rod. Kirsten's mouth soon engulfed the head of my rod. Before I knew it my whole rod had disappeared into her throat. She was gently kneading my balls in her hand. Then her mouth lifted of my rod. I figured she was repeating the process with Scotty. I continued to lick away at her pussy and she was soon dripping. I tired to lap up the cum but some slid down my checks into the spa. Soon Kirsten's mouth was over my rod again. She moved her mouth all the way down to my balls then slowly moved back up. After releasing the tip of my rod from her mouth I felt strange sensation. Kirsten was rubbing the velvet head of Scotty's rod against the head of my rod. Then somehow I felt my rod against Scotty's disappearing into Kristen's mouth. This continued for a little while.

The Kirsten asked me to get up and instructed Scotty to lye down on the spa bench as I had down. She hoped onto him in a 69 position. Soon Scotty was licking away at the soft folds of Kirsten's pussy. She moaned again then wrapped her lips around his amazing rod. Starting with the head I watched amazing as the entire 10 inches of Scotty's rod slowly disappeared into down Kirsten's throat. I could no longer resist the invitation and moved my hands over Kirsten's ass. With Scotty licking away at her pussy I thought I better ask first. "Scotty I can't resist anymore. Please let me fuck Kirsten". Scotty complied to my request by gently opening the folds of Kirsten's pussy in his hands. With a hand on my rod I gently eased the head between Scotty's hands into Kirsten's pussy. Her moans were muffled by Scotty's rod. 

Slowly I eased my rod all the way inside Kirsten. My balls had come to rest on Scotty's forehead. I moved my rod out again slowly. Then back in again. Scotty was licking Kirsten's pussy around my rod. I continued to move my rod in and out of Kirsten. She moaned loudly through Scotty's rod. Then she removed his rod from his head and spoke. "Guys it would be really hot if Scotty licked Marcus's cock as well as my pussy." With that her mouth disappeared over Scotty's rod. I slowly moved my rod out. Amazingly Scotty was now licking my rod on each thrust from Kirsten's pussy. After a while I decide I better take a break before I splashed cum all over Scotty's face. I slowly withdrew from Kirsten's pussy. Once my rod was free I positioned the head over Scotty's mouth.

Slowly I lowered the head of my rod into Scotty's mouth. His tongue licked around the head. Then I slowly withdrew my rod from his mouth. Still moaning Kirsten climbed off Scotty. "What's the hold up? Fuck me boys". With that she sat down on Scotty's rod and eased it into her dripping pussy. "You to Marcus. In my pussy" I stood up and positioned myself behind Kirsten. She leaned down and her and Scotty began to kiss. I managed to squeeze the head of my rod into Kirsten's pussy above Scotty's. I held it there so she could adjust to the size.

Slowly I lowered my entire rod into Kirsten's pussy alongside Scotty's rod. We waited the we both moved out together. It took a minute to find the rhythm but soon Scotty and I would easy in and out of Kirsten's pussy. The sensation was incredible with Kirsten's pussy muscles and Scotty's rod to rub against. Soon Kirsten broke the kiss to Scotty to moan in pleasure as an orgasm rolled through her body. Scotty and I kept moving slowly in and out of her pussy. Then Kirsten's hand nudged me and I removed my rod. She hoped off Scotty's rod. 

"Marcus, I would like to see Scotty's rod up your ass. If you can handle it?" I was more than a little shocked but wasn't ready to give in so easily. Soon I was kneeling as Scotty and Kristen licked my ass in preparation for the invasion. Scotty went off and grabbed some lubrication from a draw across the room. Kirsten gently lubed my ass sometimes sticking a finger inside. Scotty was then kneeling behind me. His hands roamed my shoulders. He leaned closer and was soon nibbling on my ear. He whispered to me that it might hurt to start with but eventually I would be in heaven. Kirsten moved onto all fours in front of me, her pussy just beyond my rod.

I slide my rod into her pussy. I eased all the was in the slowly out. Scotty was opening my ass with the tip of his rod. He was also kissing my neck. It began to get very painful as Scotty very slowly moved more of his rod into my ass. I didn't move the pain was unbearable, though somehow Scotty's rod was now positioned in my ass. After a while the pain subsided. Scotty would slowly move his rod in and out of my ass. It was not much to start with. The feeling was now amazing. We managed to pick up a good vibe. Scotty would ease his rod into my ass at the same time that I would plunge my rod into Kirsten's pussy. We began to move a little faster. I knew that I couldn't hold of cumming for much longer. 

Scotty's rod was driving me crazy. He was also groping the side of my neck with his tongue. Kirsten was crying out in pleasure. She was cumming again. We continued at the same faster pace. Scotty driving his rod into my ass, as I drove my rod into Kirsten's pussy. My balls began to tighten and I knew that I would cum any second. Scotty announced that he was also cumming. His mouth returned to grouping my neck. He held onton my shoulders. I held onto Kristen's ass as her orgasm continued to ripple through her body. 

Cum started to flow from my rod and into Kirsten's pussy. At about the same time I could feel hot jets of cum from Scotty's rod crashing into my ass. My rod began to soften inside Kirsten. Scotty slipped his rod from my ass. Kirsten lay back on the spa bench letting the water lap at her body. I lied down on the bench like Kirsten. The water seemed hot. Scotty leaned over me in a 69. Soon he was cleaning my cum and Kirsten's juice from my rod. His own soft rod hung in my face. I eased it toward my mouth. Then my tongue swirled around the head as I cleaned off his cum. 

We broke apart from the 69. I moved over to Kirsten and began to lick the juices and cum from her pussy. Scotty joined me. Our tongues darted in and out of her pussy. Soon she was arching her back and cumming again. We lapped up the fresh cum our tongues meeting. Before I knew it we were sharing a French kiss. Scotty removed his tongue from my mouth and broke the kiss. "Marcus, Kirsten, I have to go" Scotty then leaned down and kissed Kirsten goodbye before leaving the room.

"I guess that we should finish things off too" Kirsten said. I leaned down towards her and we began to kiss. Her Breasts mashed against my chest, while her tongue slid down my throat. Then she gently nudged me off her. We returned to the first massage room, where I dressed behind the curtain, ready for my tour of the club. Then I lelt for the waiting room. "Goodbye Marcus, Same time next month?" Kirsten asked. 
