  Sorry it has been a while since I posted a story. I lost my writing partner and lost some of the urge to write.

I've got a couple of ideas for stories, but need someone to bounce those ideas off and maybe work with me on them?

This is in an old one I've tidied up and part re-written for publication. More of a masturbatory fantasy than a story, a bit like my 'Amateur Interracial Porn Star' story.

They may not be to everyone's taste but I hope some of you will enjoy it.

*****

My company had been given a chance of a lifetime.

We'd been asked to tender for a project by a prospective client that I had been wooing for months. It was a big opportunity - but it was also a very last minute opportunity. We had been given a shot because a regular contractor for my target customer had gone bust and we had been asked to take their place on the tender list. But the bid was due in at 9.00am the next day. Like I said - VERY last minute. My contact had told me,

"This is a chance for you to prove yourself. Get the bid in on time and you'll be on the tender list next time as well - with plenty of warning."

His words and tone told me he didn't think we'd do it. Even if we did meet the deadline I could tell, from the slight sneer in his voice, as we spoke on the phone, that he thought our tender would be so rushed and sloppy that we wouldn't have a chance of winning. Listening to him only made me vow to myself that not only would the bid be in on time - but it would also be the winning bid. I had a lot of faith in my team.

Now I looked at that team, about 30 young guys, assembled in front of me, and tried not to show the doubts that crept in as I addressed them.

'Thanks very much for volunteering to pull an 'all-nighter' guys.' 

There were a few snorts of fake disagreement when I used the word 'volunteer'. But they were all aware of how important this chance was and they were more than willing. But, however aware they might have been, it didn't hurt to remind them.

'We are going to win this project - with your hard work tonight. And when we do this company will need to expand, there will be promotions, pay rises, bonuses - in the longer run. But in the short run I am going to make sure you are well looked after as well, by Jen.'

With that I motioned you to come to my side. As you tottered towards me I couldn't help smiling as the guys sat up a little straighter and craned their heads to get a look. There was even a muffled wolf-whistle. You were well worth getting a look at and were justly famous in the office. 

You filled the role of my PA and slut - and everyone knew it. They knew it because of the way you dressed - and you dressed as I instructed. Your skirts were tight and short, showing of your stocking tops and panties. The blouses were low-cut and see-thru, your bras a wildly contrasting colour - if you wore one at all. Sometimes I liked to see how your hard-nippled breasts jiggled as you strutted around the office on the mandatory six inch heels.

They also knew you were a slut because they heard you squeal and wail as I fucked you over my desk, when I needed a little relief from the stress of my job. And they couldn't help noticing you dishevelled and cum stained as you left my office to return to your duties. The funny thing is that this was your decision. You never wanted to clean up after I came in you - or on you. I figured you liked displaying my cum, like some kind of slut's badge of honour. So you often sat happily typing with my sperm drying in your hair or on your chin. I regularly had to replace your chair as it quickly became stained as my cum leaked from your recently used arse or cunt - not that I minded. I liked the way it showed your true self - a natural slut.

'Jen is going to take care of your needs so you can stay at your desks and work all night.' I saw a few quizzical looks after this comment but decided I'd let them work it out for themselves.

'Now - you've all got your tasks assigned. When you've done your bit get it over to me for checking and collating. In the meantime, you need anything else - ask Jen. Any questions?' 

I looked around - nothing.

'Fine - let's get this done.' I told them.

So it began. I didn't have much to do at first, so I surreptitiously watched you. The guys were testing the water and asking for little things, like a cup of coffee or a glass of water. But I could see them eyeing you up, watching your arse when you walked away from their desks to get a drink, getting a good look down your blouse when you brought it back.

After half an hour one guy upped the ante by announcing his neck felt 'stiff' and that he needed a massage. You surprised him a bit by agreeing immediately. You started to work your fingers into his neck in a way I knew was professional and fantastically soothing.

'Sure thing Davy.' you told him, as your tits pressed against his back and your fingers worked their magic. 'After all,' you raised your voice a bit, so all the guys could hear, 'the boss did say I was to do anything you wanted - as long as you kept working.'

I saw a few guys look my way, with questions in their eyes. I merely smiled enigmatically. One of the guys who looked at me was the office joker, Javid. I could almost see the cogs in his brain whirring as he digested your words. After a few minutes he obviously decided to take a risk, perhaps hoping it might be passed off as a joke if he was wrong. He stood up and said, 

'Hey, Jen. My cock is stiff. Can you help me out like you are doing for Davy?' 

His face was a picture when you turned to him and announced:

'Sure thing Jay, I'll take away the stiffness. You want me to do that with my hands?'...you paused before adding flirtatiously, 'or my mouth?'

Javid's own mouth opened and shut like a fish for a few moments and then he managed to regain control of his thoughts long enough to mumble,

'M..m..mouth.'

You swished over to his desk and prodded him in the chest till he collapsed back in his chair. 

'As long as you keep working.' You explained as dropped to your knees and parted his thighs with your elbows and opened his zip. As he turned back to his keyboard and screen to at least pretend to do some work you wriggled round till you were under his desk. 

But no-one else was working, pretend or otherwise. They we staring open mouthed at what was going on. That definitely wasn't what I wanted. I raised my voice to get attention. 

'Back to work, everybody. We're here all night and no-one will miss out if they want to be "taken care" of by Jen.' I told them. 'Just keep working and be patient.'

It took a while but the message sunk in, they turned back to their assigned tasks - at least until you emerged from between Javid's legs with a smile on your face and a big blob of cum on your chin. You delicately wiped it up with a finger that then licked it clean. This lead to a clamour to be next, but you quickly established order and my plan began to work. 

You still occasionally fetched water and coffee for the guys, but usually only after you'd drained their dicks with your talented mouth and tongue. As a result you spent most of the next hour and a half on your knees sucking cock. I knew how good you were at this and how you positively revelled in extracting the sperm from their balls as quickly and efficiently as possible. I also knew how much you, my slut, loved the taste of cum and could orgasm from just getting your mouth filled with hot jizz, so I didn't think it was any hardship for you.

I noticed some of the guys were more interested in coming on your face than down your throat. Soon your face was coated with a thick glaze of cum. In between blowjobs you licked your lips, relishing the tastes of all the different sperm. But after they had cum, whether on your face or in your mouth, they turned back to their work refreshed and de-stressed.

At around 8.00pm there was a bit of a lull when just about everyone had taken advantage of your services. This coincided with the delivery of gourmet pizzas and soft-drink for everybody. You served it out then sat down to eat some for yourself. Javid couldn't resist another 'joke' by serving you a piece of pizza which someone had jizzed on. You put him in his place again by putting down your piece and taking the proffered slice.

'My favourite pizza topping - sperm.' you told him and ate it with delight.

After the short break for food everyone got their noses back to the grindstone and you were busy once more. You filled the paper-trays in the printers efficiently, replenished coffees quickly and sucked cock with gusto.

As the coffee filled bladders of my workers you added a little extra service to one of two of the most important guys in the team. You whispered your offer in their ears and most of them took you up on it - probably just to experience such a kinky taboo. When they needed a pee, they called you over rather than waste time going to the men's room. You got under their desks and joyfully opened your mouth to receive, not their sperm, but their piss. You drank it all with pleasure, but some inevitably spilled from your lips and ran down your chin, soaking your blouse. Your bra had long been discarded and your thin blouse was plastered to your tits, soaked with urine and sperm. Where ever you went you trailed the unmistakable scent of a true whore slut - cum, piss and wet cunt.

And you were very, very wet. I knew that every nasty thing you were doing was turning you on. I also knew that it was especially horny for you to be behaving so whorishly in front of an audience. I'd made you remove your panties at the same time as your bra so that every time you knelt to suck cock everyone in the vicinity could see your, shaven, gaping and very wet cunt as you drained the balls of the next lucky guy. I did intend for you to get off during the night - but not just yet.

Around midnight I felt the energy levels sag and knew that we needed something more than strong coffee, loud music or another blow-job to get things going again. I called you to my desk and you approached smiling. You looked an absolute mess, your skin glistening with fresh and drying cum, eye make-up smeared everywhere. But I could tell you absolutely loved it. Just to prove it I ran my hand up under your skirt and easily speared two fingers into your juicy swamp of cunt, making you squirm in ecstasy.

'Your loving this, aren't you Jen?.' I asked you, unnecessarily. You nodded happily. 

'Why do you love it?" I wanted to know, completing my ritual questions.

'Because I am a cum hungry whore slut. YOUR cum hungry whore slut.' you told me proudly, completing your ritual answer.

'Tell me.' I ordered and you knew immediately what I meant.

'I've sucked almost all of them all at least once." you reported, 'even the gay ones.'

You saw the question in my eyes and shook your head. 

'I know which ones they are, but it is none of your business. I reckon that I have swallowed about 28 yummy loads of cum - I've never been so full of sperm!' You laughed delightedly. 'And I've had about 20 cum on my face or somewhere else. It's lovely!', you added, with a dreamy smile. 

I smiled in return at your undimmed enthusiasm for cock and asked, 

'Are you ready for part two of the plan?'

Your answer was to girlishly clap your hands together and say, 'Yes please Sir.'

I also clapped my own hands - to gain attention - and told the guys of the new incentive.

'When you've finished your part of the bid, and I've checked it - your reward before going home is to fuck Jen.' 

There was a roar of approval and I could feel the renewed application to the task at hand. But there was a risk of a bit of a race developing, and sloppy work resulting - not what I wanted. So when the first guy shouted out he was done, and emailed his work to be checked, I quickly found a small error and told him to fix it. This reminded everyone to take care and not make mistakes. But soon enough the first bit of work was submitted and approved by myself.

The lucky guy walked up to you, unbuttoning his flies as he approached. You lay back on a spare desk and spread your stocking clad thighs to reveal his target. He barely paused, marching up, holding his cock and guiding it into your wet cunt with a single thrust. He groaned with lust at the feeling of your wetness enfolding him and you moaned as you got the cock in your slut cunt that you had been craving so long. 

It didn't take the first recipient of this special incentive long to cum. A few jerky strokes and he was spurting inside you. He pulled out his deflating cock and zipped himself up, looking embarrassed. You just lay there, waiting, delicately playing with your clit as his cum started to ooze out of the wet folds of your cunt. 

You didn't wait for long. 

Two more parts came in to my PC and were approved - and collated into the tender. These guys were keen to get started as well but Davy was first between your legs and was balls deep in you within a few seconds. His big cock stretched you and you groaned as he ploughed his way into you and then began pumping you hard. The other guy stopped your noise by filling your mouth with his long, thin prick - making use of one other hole whilst he waited his turn in the second.

The various sections of the tender were coming in thick and fast now and as I gave my OK the press of bodies around you was getting thicker and more unruly. It was becoming a free-for-all; quite literally. But I could tell from your moans and cries that you were loving it.

The second guy shouted, 'you filthy, lovely slut' and pumped more hot cum into your cunt. The third guy, having waited as patiently as he could, excited from fucking your mouth again, grabbed you roughly by the arm and spun you around, turning you over at the same time. You ended up face down on the desk so he could fuck you from behind. He slapped your arse as he pumped you and you responded by thrusting back and moaning - until another cock started to throat fuck you. Guys took your hands and wrapped them around hard cocks and you did your best to pleasure them all simultaneously.

It became a bit of blur after that. You were just a helpless fuck toy and cum sponge in the middle of a scrum of virile young men. They used you to slake their lust in any way they liked. I don't know who first fucked your arse but you were soon wailing your usual wailing litany when you were being buggered;

'fuckmyass fuckmyass fuckmyass.'

I don't know if the guy doing it chose your arse from preference or because your cunt was already getting so wet, sloppy and stretched so many cocks - so many loads of cum. Other guys didn't mind and they took your well used cunt again and again. Several times three guys took the chance to make you 'air tight'. They picked you up like a rag doll, a true fuck puppet, and lowered your cum filled arse onto a new cock, then the pushed you back on the guy beneath so that the second guy could fuck into your sloppy cunt. A third guy balanced on the desk so that he could feed his cock into your mouth and make you a real three hole whore - in front of everyone.

I think a few guys came back for seconds before they were done. But gradually they started to drift away, job done, fun had. There were a few high fives and handshakes as well as some thumbs up in my direction. Some of them took pictures with their phones - and I wasn't surprised. You were certainly worth a picture

You lay sprawled on the desk. Every inch of your skin was covered in sperm and it ran from your arse and cunt in rivulets. I looked down and saw you smiling a little wearily, playfully blowing spunk bubbles from the last load ejaculated in your mouth.

All I could say was, 'You were superb!' which made you beam with happiness. Then I snapped an order at you.

'Kneel!'

You quickly got on the floor in front of me, your face expectantly upturned. I was so horny from watching you being the ultimate whore that by the time I had my cock out I was sooo ready to cum. Almost instantly I spurted a huge load into your wide open, smiling mouth and you gulped it down greedily. With my erection deflating I suddenly felt how full my bladder was. The first spray of piss caught you by surprise, but you laughed and tried to catch the rest of it in your mouth. I didn't want to play that game. I moved my cock to hose your face, toying with you - the nastiest piss and cum whore slave that I could be honoured to own.

When my bladder was empty and your face a least partially cleaned a new and evil thought occurred to me. 'Do remember how many guys fucked your arse tonight? Came in it?' I ask

You giggle and admit, 'I lost count after 10.'

'Get on all fours my slut. I reckon your arse will be loose enough and juicy enough for me to fist it.'

As you hurry to obey I wonder if I will finally find something you'll refuse to do in order to please me - but I know I never will.