 After the epic success of my adventure hiring a male stripper for my reluctant wife (see The Final Kiss) it seemed only fair that she would return the favor by hiring a female stripper for me. But when I pitched the suggestion during a playful moment of foreplay, she didn't really warm to the idea. I am generally the one who pushes the envelope when it comes to sexual experimentation, but I'm not going to make a bold move like that without getting her to agree beforehand.

A few weeks later, we were hanging out watching television when the program aired that open mouth kiss between Britney Spears and Madonna. My wife turned to me with one of those looks of curious condescension.

"Why do men get so hot about two women kissing?" she asked. 

"I honestly can't answer that question, but like the vast majority of men I will have to admit that watching two girls kiss is a bigtime turn on," I said. "I don't even know why, it just is."

"That's such a man answer," she replied. "Do you think it would be hot to watch two men kissing?"

I thought about that (or pretended to) for a few seconds, then said "I would if they looked like Britney Spears and Madonna."

For my humor I got a sofa pillow to the midsection and we had a good laugh. Little did I know, but a seed had been planted in the mind of my mischievous, beautiful wife, and between the bed talk, the celebrity kiss and her own fantasies, a plan was afoot.

The fourth factor working in my favor was that I was coming up on my 40th birthday, and my wife had wanted to do something special for me. I had strongly requested that we not have a big party, and had told her that my idea of a perfect birthday evening would be a night of passion.

So Saturday night rolls around, and the kids are spending the night out, and it looks like my birthday wish was coming true—a night of passion with my lovely wife. So when late afternoon rolls around, I take a long hot jacuzzi and then start setting up candles around in the bedroom. I'm just about ready to pick the wife out some hot lingerie to wear when she strolls in with a sexy red silk blouse, a short black skirt and black high heels. A dream come true.

"Hang on there tiger, we're not ready for the bedroom just yet," she said. "I've got a little surprise set up for your birthday."

My heart sank slowly down as my mind reached the conclusion that she had set up a damn surprise party. I tried to act surprised and excited, as I pointed to my bathrobe and asked her if this would pass the dress code for my surprise party.

"Actually, yes, it will be fine," she said with a smile, "but you have to wear this too." 

"This" was a blindfold, and I realized that the plan was for me to walk down the stairs in my robe, wearing a blindfold, and when I walked downstairs into the den I would have a bunch of friends yelling "surprise". My plan for a night of passion was rapidly evaporating, but I couldn't show my disappointment to my wife. After all, she had not only planned the whole thing out, she had figured out how to get a group of people into the den without me even hearing. They must've snuck in during my jacuzzi.

So I put on the blindfold and dutifully take my wife's arm down the stairs and into the den. The whole time, I'm preparing myself for a bunch of my drunken friends yelling surprise right when I take off my blindfold. Yee haw.

My wife walks me over to the couch and sets me down in the middle, and then she steps away and says, "ok, you can take it off now."

So I prepare my look of surprise and then slowly remove my blindfold.

But there's no big crowd. No loud roar. There's just one woman, standing directly in front of me, gently leaning on a chair, dressed in a low cut, short black dress with spike heels. And when I say she was cool, friends, she was red hot. I mean she was steamin'.

She smiled, winked, and in a sweet, soft voice, she said "Surprise." 

Every vein in my body froze up, because my heart completely stopped. My brain grew three sizes with the volume of wild thoughts flinging around inside my head. Luckily my mouth was hanging open, so it had room to move. 

The room was silent for a full twenty seconds, which gave me the opportunity to collect my senses. And close my mouth.

"Take it easy big guy," said my wife. "This is Amber. You don't get to keep her, she's just here to put on a show."

My wife had hired a stripper for me for my birthday.

"Wow," I said. That was all I could think of to say.

My wife brought me over a glass of red wine, sat down beside me and said "What do you think?"

"Wow," I said.

My wife picked up the remote control for the stereo, popped on some smooth, sexy jazz music and said with a sly smile, "I think you're going to enjoy this."

"Yes," I said, and I can remember how proud I was of my composure to be so eloquent with my one word answers.

Meanwhile, Amber had begun to slowly move with the music, moving her hands seductively over her body while slowing swaying from side to side. As I followed her erotic dance movements, my wide-open eyes traced her sultry body from head to toe. She was tall, well-tanned and perfectly proportioned. Her long dark hair draped down over wide shoulders and hung down beyond her shapely breasts, coming just short of her thin waist. But what really got my attention were her legs—long, smooth, tan and athletic. As she moved to the music she pulled up the bottom of her body-clinging skirt to gradually reveal more and more of those divine legs, until I had concluded she had the longest thighs of any woman I'd ever seen. I guessed she was in her mid to late 20s. In many ways she reminded me of my own wife, who at just over 40 could still turn heads with her shapely form. Like Amber, her best attribute was her dynamite legs, and I expect that she hired Amber with the knowledge that I had always been a leg man.

Amber's hands had worked their way back up to her neck, and she slowly pulled them down to cup her breasts. With the ends of her long fingers she slowly pulled her dress open wider, revealing all she could of her breasts without actually showing nipple.

At this point I became conscious of the fact that my wife was pouring me another glass of wine, because apparently I had finished the first. To this day I don't remember drinking a sip. I was preoccupied.

I also became acutely aware that I was very tense, and for the first time since my surprise had arrived I took a deep breath and eased back onto the couch a little. I turned my head slightly to the side to see my wife, and took note that she was attentively watching Amber's seductive dance. My wife had never expressed any sexual interest in women, but its always been my theory that the female body is so beautiful that while women may not want to have sex with another woman, they still find other women attractive. This would explain why so many ads, for both male and female markets, feature beautiful women.

Amber continued her erotic dance, giving us a side view of her hands running down the length of her right leg, stopping at the ankle to give us a pose of her shapely form bent over at the waist. Without missing a beat, she then walked over in front of me, got down on her knees and then ran her hands through her hair, arching her back, leaning her head back and closing her eyes. Then she moved sideways to me and got down on all fours, giving us a good look at that hot pose, before she rolled over on her back and pointed one leg straight up and other partly bent, giving us a great view of her fabulous legs. 

Two thoughts permeated my brain—first, this girl could dance; and second, this was the best damn birthday party I'd ever had.

Amber had moved back to a standing position just in front of me, with her legs just slightly apart. She barely touched something on her dress, and it slipped off her like silk on glass and hit the floor.

While I didn't think anything could improve on how hot she looked in that tight black dress, I immediately became aware that she had done one better. Under the dress was a lacy black teddy, cut high on those magnificent legs with a deep v-cut going down the middle of her chest to her belly button.

The sudden, dramatic way she dropped off the dress and the impact of what she had on underneath was too much for even my wife to suppress, and she let out an inadvertent "MMMM" of appreciation before she realized her inner thoughts had been vocalized. She immediately blushed and sipped her wine.

Initially I was too stunned by this hotty in a teddy to even breathe, but eventually I gathered enough brain cells to inject yet another "Wow" into the conversation.

Amber continued her fabulous show, giving us a variety of new poses with her new outfit, which pretty much completely revealed her ass, which as you might imagine, was perfect. You could tell she was very comfortable with her body, and I sensed that she knew both of us were quite impressed.

After a little more dancing and posing, she stopped just in front of me again and reached behind her to the back of the teddy. In the next second my birthday present was in her birthday suit, except for a skin-tight black thong. Once again, my firm belief that nothing could look better than Amber in a teddy was ended when I saw Amber in a thong. Her lean, tan torso led up to perfectly shaped breasts, and seeing the whole package made me realize how she looked so good dressed.

Amber got down on her knees just in front of me and placed her long arms on either side of my legs. She moved her head up so that it was just above my thighs before she looked down at my crotch.

"You know, you better let that fellow out before you tear a hole in your robe," she said.

I looked down and noted that the tent in the front of my robe was indeed threatening damage. When I looked over at my wife to make sure she was cool with that, she was already smiling her consent.

Slowly I loosened the tie on the robe and pulled the robe open, to reveal what I am pretty sure is the hardest hard-on I've ever had. I hadn't even realized my previous constraint, but it sure felt good to have my guy out in the open.

Amber gave me a look-over and her own "MMM" of approval, before gathering all her hair up in her hands. Then she tossed her head over my stomach and dropped her hair over my aching cock. The intoxicatingly wonderful smell of her hair hit me at about the same time as the light sensation of her hair draped over my loins, and I was overwhelmed. Then, slowly, she dragged her long black hair over my rock hard cock and down my thighs.

"Ah," I said, so stunned with erotic energy that I was now down to one two-letter word.

Amber then brought her luscious red lips up to the tip of my cock, and for a moment I thought my wife may have approved a blow job for my birthday. But then she pursed her lips up into a faux kiss, just inches from my waiting cock. She held that pose, with her lips just inches from my cock, her eyes looking up at mine, then she winked and sat back.

"What do you think of your birthday present," Amber said with a smile.

"Wow," I said, having graduated again to a three letter word.

"Well guess what," said my wife, and without waiting for an answer, she said, "its not over yet."

Amber smiled, and it was apparent that my wife had worked out some details in advance. She stood up slowly, making me simultaneously regret her being further away and being happy to look again on her fabulous body in that tight black thong.

Then my wife stood up and walked over to Amber in and they stood face to face, just a few feet apart.

My wife looked over at me and said "I thought about letting you do this, but I didn't want things to get out of control."

Comrades, what happened next went several levels beyond the hall of fame of erotic nirvanas. Amber and my wife slowly leaned into each other, their arms coming up in an embrace, and ever so gradually their lips moved closer and closer, until they were just an inch apart. 

Then they were kissing, softly at first, then moving into a partially open mouth phase, before graduating to a full-on french kiss, just a few feet away from my exposed erection. If my wife wasn't completely enjoying it she was doing a very good job of pretending. As their lips met their hands moved carefully over each other's bodies, and while I couldn't take my eyes off their kiss I became aware that their legs were also becoming entwined and subconsciously moving to the music. 

My sexy wife was slow dancing with a smokin' half-naked stripper.

Watching them together made me recognize how hot my wife's body was, and her short blond hair was the perfect complement to Amber's long black hair. I had long since dropped my empty wine glass, and as I sat watching this erotic show my hands had instinctively moved to my crotch, where they instinctively began stroking my erection.

Amber and my wife stopped kissing for a moment, turning their heads cheek to cheek to look at me, all the while continuing to embrace and run their hands over each other's bodies.

"I think he likes this," said Amber with a smile.

I was unable to speak, but I became aware that my brain was still working enough to slowly nod my head yes.

Amber brought her hand up to my wife's chest, and slowly traced the outline of her breast with the back off her elegant hand. She expertly worked her hand over the top button on my wife's red silk blouse. The blouse was already fairly low-cut, but when Amber released the top button it exposed a significant amount of my wife's attractive breasts. Amber's hand slipped inside my wife's blouse and she began caressing the skin on the top of her breast, tantalizingly close to the nipple. For the first time, I noticed that my wife was not wearing a bra. At the same time, I realized that she had become very aroused by this show "she was putting on for me."

It wasn't just that her nipples were fully erect and shining through the silk blouse, it was the way her hands were caressing Amber's lower back and exposed ass. The way her eyes had gotten a faraway look while at the same time focusing on the beautiful woman in front of her. The way her breathing had increased with the passion, and the erotic glow that had overtaken her skin.

As they moved together again for another long, passionate kiss, I became aware that my wife had gotten so caught up she may have forgot I was there. Not that I was complaining.

Amber's lips parted from my wife's, and they slowly worked their way down to her neck, where she delicately worked her way on down to her chest. As Amber's lips expertly worked my wife's body, she arched her back and closed her eyes, completely wrapped up in the passion of the moment. As her lips worked their way back up my wife's neck, she brought them up close to her ear and whispered something to her. My wife nodded her assent.

Their lips moved back together for another passionate kiss, and then my wife became the active lover, slowly working her lips over Amber's neck and moving down to her chest. Her eyes were closed and her kisses went back and forth across Amber's broad, beautiful chest, getting lower with each new pass. As her lips neared Amber's nipples, I struggled with the desire to not ejaculate all over myself, because I was getting very close. As you might imagine.

So there I was, cock in hand, and my wife's lips had finally worked their way down to the nipples of Amber's fabulous breasts, while Amber arched her magnificent body back and enjoyed the attention. And then she was there, first one side, a quick kiss, then the other, a longer kiss, and then back again to both sides again for a longer, open-mouth kiss. As she came over to the side nearest me, she softly caressed the nipple with her tongue before latching on with her whole mouth, and whatever she did that I couldn't see must've been effective, because Amber's eyes closed and she let out a moan.

"Wow," I said, and later I regretted it, because my voice seemed to break the hypnotic state she was in and she opened her eyes and moved her lips back up to Amber's cheek. She had been so completely enraptured that she had forgotten I was even there. And she was worried about me getting out of control!

For the first time in the 45 minutes since I had removed the blindfold, we had hit an awkward silence. Both Amber and my wife were still in an embrace, cheek to cheek, looking at me sitting on the couch, cock in hand, a cock that had been hard enough to break rocks for the entire 45 minutes.

Then Amber leaned over to my wife's ear and whispered something else, and my blood pressure rose again in the anticipation of more girl on girl action.

But this time they had something else in mind. They walked over to where I was sitting and kneeled down, one on either side of me.

"I think its time we really blew your mind," said Amber. 

My wife just smiled.

Amber put her hand on my thigh, my wife put her hand on my other thigh. Amber slowly moved her hand up my thigh, and my wife did the same. Then Amber moved her long fingers around my cock and pulled it straight up, and my wife's hand moved into a similar position.

Then they moved their heads to a position just above my aching cock, and both of them looked up at me. Then they looked back to each other, and amazingly, they did exactly what I wanted them to do.

They started french kissing each other, just above my throbbing cock. It was torture and ultimate pleasure at the same time, and my mind was beyond blown. I was so hot I wasn't sure I was going to survive it.

And then it got better.

Their kissing slowly began moving closer to my cock, and despite the fact that my cock was harder than it had ever been, I think my cock got even bigger, and before long their french kissing was being done at, around, and through my pulsating cock. Then they were kissing and licking the sides of my dick, going up and down the length, and then meeting back at the top for another meeting of the tongues.

I really can't explain why I didn't come immediately, because I had every reason to. I am eternally grateful that I was able to last a few minutes, because having your wife and another hot babe giving you a blow job is not something you want to end.

When I finally did unload, it was perfect timing, as both Amber and my wife were working the top of my dick with their tongues like it was a chocolate lollipop. My cock got bigger than it has ever been, and the first blast shot half a foot in the air, followed by an endless stream, that as you can imagine, went everywhere. At the time, I was so completely aroused that I wouldn't have been able to stop myself if I'd wanted to, but by the time I was through my wife and Amber were pretty thoroughly gooed.

Both girls laid their head down on my torso and lightly caressed my thighs, and slowly my vision returned and my body stopped convulsing.

Then my wife lifted up her head and looked up into my eyes.

"So, happy birthday to you," she said with a smile.

"Wow," I said.

Then Amber looked up.

"You know, for a 40-year old, you sure have a way with words," she said. "That was fun, but I think I'm going to need to get cleaned up."

"Me too," said my wife, laughing.

At that point, we all decided that it was probably best that we all just jump in the jacuzzi.

But that's a whole other story.