 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a sequel to my earlier story, "Bosom Buddy." Please check it out at https://www.literotica.com/s/Bosom-Buddy. All critiques welcome!

-----------------------------------------------------------

It took me nearly a week to recover from Jodi's ravishing of me. I'd never had to deal with a woman that sexually aggressive before, not to mention one who was physically larger and stronger than me. Not that I didn't enjoy it, mind you, but the woman's sexual thirst seemed absolutely unquenchable. She probably would've fucked me to death, as she had suggested, had I not appealed to her sense of fairness. Just because other guys had fucked her over -- at least figuratively -- didn't give her the right to do it to me.

And all because I was a gentleman who had been taught to talk to a woman's face, not to her tits.

She didn't come into the store during the week. I didn't see her around the neighborhood, as I sometimes did. I'll be honest, but the one time the phone rang near closing time, my heart jumped. I was more than just a little ambivalent. I didn't know whether I was up for another session like I'd been put through.

And yet... at 7:20 on Friday night, the store phone rang, just as it had the same time the previous week. The pharmacist took the order, hung up and said, "Hey, Mike, it's your girlfriend from last week! She's got another order for you, and she really wants it tonight. I know, it's close to closing. Would you?"

She really wants it tonight, I heard in my head over and over again. If only the pharmacist understood the double-entendre he'd just made.

Not one to refuse even an implied order from my boss, I put the order together and left to deliver it. This time, rather than jogging through the mid-July evening heat, I walked the half-mile somewhat deliberately. Knowing what might be waiting for me, I wasn't in any real hurry.

I arrived at her apartment to find the door slightly ajar. I knocked. "Jodi, are you there? It's Mike from the pharmacy. Everything okay?" I looked in, but didn't see her in the living room. "Jodi?" I called a little louder. I opened the door and walked in, thinking she might be in the kitchen or maybe even the bathroom. "JODI!" I called loudly, as I walked to the middle of the living room. Maybe I was even a little bit concerned.

My concern should have been more for me. I heard the door close behind me and both locks turn. I wheeled around in time to see Jodi putting the chain on as well. She was wearing the same outfit as the previous week -- MUCH too small white tube top that barely covered her nearly basketball-sized breasts, ultra-short lime-green miniskirt, and four-inch stiletto heels that augmented her six feet two inches.

Her heavily-lipsticked mouth curved into an evil smile. I couldn't tell from her crazed eyes whether she was stoned, extremely horny or had just plain lost her mind. Her chest heaved as she breathed heavily, consumed by her lust. She licked her lips provocatively, and held out her arms and caressed her enormous tits as she stealthily slinked towards me. All I knew was that this 74 inches and 170 pounds of trembling woman had fucked me practically unconscious last week, had a demented look on her face, and stood between my slim frame and freedom... and the gap between us was gradually closing.

I bolted towards her bedroom door, slammed it shut as I got in and locked it. I stood against the door, facing it, waiting for the expected pounding and wailing from Jodi, wondering how long it would take her before she, empowered by her mad desire or whatever else was surging through her, was able to break it down. I knew the fire escape was in here, and that I should be able to scamper down it before Jodi caught up with me.

Then I heard another female voice behind me -- husky, sultry and impatient. "'Bout goddamned time you got in here. I wasn't going to wait all fucking night!"

My heart sank.

I turned around to see Annette, a cashier from the local supermarket whom I knew casually, sitting on Jodi's bed. Like Jodi, she had a fevered, licentious look on her face. She stood up and walked towards me. She was five foot nine, about 150, VERY muscular. She had a pretty, round face, huge blue eyes and long blonde hair that flowed to her slim waist. Her large tits -- not as big as Jodi's, but still rather substantial -- jiggled as they spilled out the sides of her tight yellow halter mini-dress. She also wore matching yellow platform "fuck-me" pumps that added about 5 inches to her height and accented her strapping, curvy calves. They made her about four inches taller than me.

She came up to me, impetuously reached into my pants and said, "Mmmm, Jodi told me you had the hottest cock in town. Yeah, baby, she told me all about your little adventure. I just HAD to see the Human Fuck Machine for myself. Now I'M gonna get some, too! You gonna make me howl like you did to her last week?" She then pulled down my shorts and underwear as she dropped to her knees, grabbed onto my exposed and tumescent cock, and began slurping away. With her other hand, she reached out and unlocked the door.

Jodi walked in, tousled my hair as she casually walked past us, and said in her high, sing-songy voice, "Oh, don't mind me. As Mike knows from talking baseball with me, I just love spectator sports!" She sat down on a chair facing us. Every inch of her body seemed to tremble with lust. "I feel it's nice to share the wealth. I'd have fucked you TEN times last week if you'd let me. Now let's really see how long you can hold out... and this time, you get double the fun!"

Annette stopped sucking me, but didn't let go of my swollen cock. She led me -- pulled me, actually - over to the bed, climbed onto it, knelt, undid her halter and lifted up her dress to waist level. "Now, SHOVE that meat into me! Fuck me from behind, baby!! RIGHT now!!!" In a daze, I knelt behind her huge, exposed ass cheeks -- didn't these women believe in underwear? -- and guided my cock into her slippery, gaping love hole. I held onto her hips as I began pushing. My manhood slid easily in and out of her, and she moved herself in time with my motion.

"Oh, YES, baby, THAT'S how it's done!! You fuck my pussy nice and hard!!! You did Jodi so well, I wanted this for myself too!!! OH, God, she was right!!! What a hard, hot cock you have!! SHOVE that in there, baby!!! STICK that in me!!! OH, God, fuck me hard!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHH, here it COOOOMES!!!" With one hand she was massaging her clit, and I suddenly felt her pussy clench up and her body tense as she exploded in a huge orgasm. Her juice dripped all over her hand.

Jodi also climbed onto the bed, kneeling behind me, and turned my head towards her and pushed her tongue into my mouth. I thought for a second she was going to pull me out of Annette -- I could only imagine these two super-horny female behemoths cat-fighting over me -- but she let me continue. "That's right, you slam her fucking snatch, big boy. OHHHH, I can't wait until it's my turn to have you! I'm going to fuck you until you BEG me to stop... and then I'm gonna fuck you some more!!!" She wrapped her arms around my shoulders, holding me in place while I continued screwing Annette.

"You like pounding her huge fucking ass, Mike?" Jodi murmured into my ear. "I hear that SLAP SLAP SLAP of your skin against hers. It's making me SOOOOO fucking wet. You KNOW how much I love to fuck you, baby. Give her a good ride. It'll be good practice for when you fuck me. Ooooh, Annette, are you LOVING this?"

Annette cried out, "BEST fucking I've ever had!!! I LOVE how he holds out. GIVE me your all. BLOW your balls into me, honey!!! FUCK me!!! FUCK me HARD!!!!" She began pumping back and forth faster in time with my pistoning.

I felt the tension well up inside me, drove myself even harder and faster, and then screamed "AUUUGGGGHHHH!!!" as an explosion of volcanic force erupted from my cock. With each spurt I pushed deeper into her. I shuddered, and tears welled from my eyes as my orgasm enveloped every part of me. As I slowed, Jodi held me close from behind, kissing my neck and face, and Annette pushed her ass against me, milking my cock, and licked off some of my sperm and her own juices which had trickled onto her fingers. Gasping for breath, I pushed myself as deeply as my deflating cock would permit and held the position.

Annette purred, "Mmm, can I expect more of that, Jodi? He's got stamina, I'll give him that. And he sure knows how to use that big piece of meat."

Jodi smiled, "That's just a sneak preview. For what I have planned for him tonight, he'll be crying for mercy by the time we're done. Mike, you didn't have any plans for tomorrow, did you? You're not going to be walking too well by the time we're finished."

Jodi and Annette finished undressing me, and allowed me to slump, exhausted, onto the bed. They also undressed themselves, then lay down next to me, Annette to my left, Jodi to my right. Both of them wrapped their arms around me, then each hooked one tree-trunk-like leg around mine. Both of them were breathing heavily, deeply, lustfully, as they seemed to be plotting their next move. Each of them took one of my hands and held it near their pubic area.

Jodi rose up slightly, and looked at Annette. She only said two words. "Misty Beethoven?"

Annette nodded. "Misty Beethoven."

For those of you not in the know -- I have to admit, I was -- The Opening of Misty Beethoven was a classic porn film from the early 1970's. A variation on the Pygmalion/My Fair Lady theme, it involved a professor helping a lowly whore develop and hone her craft. The relevant scene -- the one that shows she's ready to face the world and become a professional escort -- is one in which she gives a blowjob to one guy while jerking off two others, and making all three come at the same time.

Annette confirmed what I was thinking. "Stick your fingers into our snatches, stud pony. Make us BOTH come! You might even get an extra reward if you make us come at the same time. PLAY with our clits!"

They were both soaking wet, I found. Well, Annette I wasn't surprised about -- we had just had intercourse -- but Jodi was almost gooey in her desire. She shuddered the moment I touched her, grabbed my hand and held it in place. "Don't you DARE stop until you make me come!!" she growled.

"Me neither!" hissed Annette, as she jabbed her tongue at my ear.

Each girl moaned, lolled their heads around, tag-teamed me with their tongues, soaked my face with their kisses and my hands with their pussy juice. The odor of their desire assailed my nostrils. I COULDN'T move even if I wanted to, as between them they had securely clamped me in place as if they had tied me to the bed.

Jodi ordered, "LOOK at me, Mike! Don't stop fingering us, but LOOK at me!"

I turned, and she opened her mouth and forced her tongue deeply into mine. I cried out "Mpf! MMPF!" in a protest that fell on deaf ears, as she gave me a long, deep soul kiss that almost sucked my breath completely from me. She must have kissed me for a good minute. She finally released me, and I lay gasping, even as I continued playing with their clits.

Jodi said, "I'm going to suck your cock 'til you cry, make you suck my tits 'til I cry, and have you harass my pussy with your cock 'til you and I BOTH scream. This is what I do for guys who treat me right!"

Annette purred, "Mmm, and then I get to take what's left. From what Jodi told me, you had a LOT left even after she made you blow three times. I don't think we're going to stop at three this time, honey. You've got both of us to satisfy this time around!"

I felt Jodi to my right tense up, begin to shake and heard her cry out, "Oh, my GOD, you're making me COOOME!!" I felt her pussy tighten up, and a slight flow of lubricant flowed onto my fingers.

To my left, Annette also began shuddering and screaming "AAAAAHHHHHH!!!!" as her own orgasm overtook her. Hers was somewhat more intense, as her thighs almost crushed my hand and I felt her lose bladder control as her warmth flowed over my hand.

Jodi laughed, "Goddammit, Annette, did you just pee all over my bed?" Annette looked at her sheepishly. "What did that boy DO to you, darlin'? Did he make you do that? Well, it's okay, I've got another blanket -- not that we'll be needing it too much" as she gave me an evil-looking smile. She bunched up the blanket, walked it into the bathroom and tossed it into the hamper. She then turned to me and said, "You go wash yourself up now, honey. You don't want to be touching us with pee-covered hands, do you?"

I walked into the bathroom, washed my hands and face carefully in the sink. I was still toying with the idea of escape, and made a quick move towards the door, only to find Annette standing there. "Looking for this?" she sardonically smiled as she showed me the doorknob in her hand. "Oh, don't worry, Jodi anticipated your moves. This door can't be locked." She wrapped her arms around me and guided me back towards the bed.

Jodi was sitting on the windowsill in front of the fire escape, legs open. "And if you had tried this, you would have run right into my pussy and I'd have fucked you right here on my chair. The window's locked, anyway. You wouldn't have had much time to get it open before Annette and I got to you. Get used to the idea, baby. You're here for the duration."

I shrugged my shoulders, sighed, and climbed back into bed.

"If you've got enough energy to try to think up an escape plan, then you must be ready to fuck again. Annette, want to help me out?"

Annette smiled, and grasped my semi-erect cock in her hand as Jodi licked my face. Annette then leaned over and softly, rhythmically began sucking my cock.

Jodi smiled and said "Did I give you enough rest this time, baby?" as she tickled my ear with her tongue.

"Well, I would hardly call what you had me doing to you 'rest', Jodi."

"Mmmm, I know, but wasn't it fun? You're not going to tell me you didn't enjoy bringing off two girls. And at the same time, too! You really are a fuck pro, you know that?"

Actually, I didn't, but it was nice to hear anyway.

Jodi lowered herself, and soon both girls were lapping away hungrily at my dick. I heard them moaning, occasionally grunting as they bumped heads in their desire to have their mouths on my manhood. I jerked occasionally as the feelings overwhelmed me. Annette murmured, "Oh, no, not too fast, baby. We've got LOTS of work to do!"

Jodi looked at me with a ravenous smile on her face. "I think he's just about ready for me now. Mike, prop those pillows up behind you. I have an idea to make you a little more comfortable for what I have planned. Sit up." I did so, with my back against the pillows. She then straddled me, lowered herself onto my cock -- her natural suction pulled me deeply into her -- and herself sat up. "Now, suck on my titties while I ride your cock." I latched onto her huge right nipple, and she wrapped her arms around me and ground herself on my throbbing shaft. "Your cock..." she moaned. "... that luscious cock of yours. I LOVE that fucking cock. It just makes me FEEL like a woman should feel. You are SUCH a fucking stud, Mike. Right, Annette?"

"The master cocks-man of the neighborhood. I will fuck you anywhere, anytime you like!" Annette growled, lustfully. I could see her lying on the end of the bed, her legs spread open and masturbating with her fingers.

Jodi eyed me and said, "I can tell you this, Mike, you're going to be a VERY popular guy in this neighborhood. There's plenty of women who would love a hot cock in addition to their tampons and baby powder! I've talked to a few of them already. You can expect more of these after-hours deliveries... and if business is slow, as it usually is during the summer, you might get invited for some daytime house-calls as well."

She then put her head back and closed her eyes. "SUCK my titties, Mike! MAKE my nipples as ROCK-hard as that huge cock of yours. Oh, how I love that cock! Ooooooh, make me COOOOME, baby! MAKE ME COOOOOOME!" Jodi cried out as I felt a slight gush from her pussy and felt her body shake as she pressed herself against me.

I switched nipples and continued to suck on her. She rode my cock expertly, not too fast -- I knew that she didn't want me blowing my load too soon. Her nipple stood out nearly a full inch as I slurped on it and teased it with my tongue. I felt her shiver every time I licked lightly on her nipple. "Oooh, you little fucking tease, you!" she laughed. "You want to play games?"

Jodi took my head and held it against her tit, forcing me to suck hard on her nipple. "You want to play games like that?" she repeated. "I'll ride your fucking cock until it falls the fuck off!" She quickened her pace, bouncing up and down and slapping me in the face with her gigantic tits. I slid down slightly on the pillows and grabbed onto her ass -- something I knew she liked, and she soon let me know. "OOOOOOHHH, you KNOW what that does to me!!! Push yourself in DEEPER, baby!!! DEEPER!!!!"

I heard a loud "OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH FFFFUUUUUUUUUUCK" and felt a shaking from the end of the bed, as Annette apparently gave herself one doozy of an orgasm. I saw her lay there, legs open, pussy dripping, and heard her breathless panting.

Seconds later, I heard an equally loud "JEEEEEEEEEEEZUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSS!!!!!!" and felt Jodi's pussy clench around my manhood. She was trembling as she bounced madly on my cock and I pushed almost desperately into her. Finally, I felt the release, my back arched, and I started to scream AAAAAAAAG... but was cut off as Jodi dove down and enveloped my screaming mouth with hers. I thrashed against her as my cock pumped loads of love-milk into her yawning pussy, and her sucking mouth and snaking tongue nearly drove the breath from my lungs. Her tits were crushing weights against my chest, and I thrashed and heaved for freedom even as my cock continued pumping juice into her.

Finally, she let me go and we both fell onto the propped-up pillows.

"WOW," Jodi exclaimed. "You've fucked me hard before, Mike, but so far that's your Hall of Fame performance."

"Mmmm," Annette purred, looking at me longingly from the end of the bed. "Wonder what he's got left for an encore?"

"Let's take a shower together," Jodi exclaimed. "We'll get ourselves all nice and cleaned up. Then I'll change the sheets -- let's face it, they're a bit on the stinky side still -- and then we go on to the next phase. You feeling okay, hot stud?"

I sighed, "Just give me enough time to recover, and I'll be right as rain."

"Oh, don't worry. For what we have planned next, you'll have all the time you need."

I didn't quite know what she meant by that.

The three of us just barely fit into the shower together. Remember, these ladies were rather large. They took turns scrubbing me with a shower brush. The soap lather and the hot water rejuvenated my spirit, if not my body. The ladies had already put me through a rather extensive workout, and they'd suggested that they weren't quite done yet. They handed me the brush and let me wash my cock, which was rather sensitive from all the exercise it had been put through thus far. They lathered up my hair, rinsed me down with water, and then used large, soft towels to dry me off.

Out of my line of sight, Jodi reached into the hamper, rummaged around until she found what she wanted, and handed something to Annette. As we left the bathroom, me still a bit unsteady on my feet and a girl holding each arm, I heard Jodi say, "NOW, Annette!!" Each girl raised up one of my arms, snapped a handcuff onto one of my wrists, then snapped the other end onto an exercise bar in the bathroom doorjamb.
