 Authors Note: Between April 2008 and May 2008, I submitted a total of five stories under the name tantric_explosion. 

I no longer remember the email address I used for my Lit membership, for that author name. I found the final drafts of each story and with permission from Literotica, I am resubmitting the stories, under my long time name - The Style Guy.

TSG

*****

"I'll be back in two weeks and am staying from Tuesday the 7th through Thursday the 9th. I'll keep Wednesday afternoon free and we'll meet here again."

I was leaned over and resting my arms on the open window of Ashley's car. It was late afternoon and she was getting ready to leave the Holiday Inn parking lot.

"This isn't going to be a one time thing? You're really going to come back?"

I knew that question was coming. 

The all-American looking, barely eighteen year old high school senior, hadn't been a virgin when we met, five hours earlier, however, I suspected that she'd had more sex this afternoon, than all her previous encounters combined.

I didn't answer her question directly. Instead, I lowered my left hand and lifted the hem of her short tan skirt. Her pussy was uncovered, as I had kept her panties as a souvenir of our afternoon together.

Grabbing a tuft of blonde pubic hair, I reminded her, "And this will be shaved bare?" It wasn't really a question.

She nodded, "Yes. I'll shave for you."

I looked to the passenger seat and Ashley's best friend, Maggie. "You're welcome to come also, but I want your pussy bare, too."

Maggie gave me a wicked smile. "Maybe we'll shave each other."

I smiled at Maggie and warmed to her kinky suggestion. 

I let my fingers trace along Ashley's well used pussy lips. She was soaked and moaned as I explored her hole and clit. Slowly, I eased two fingers into her pussy and stroked her deep. Her pussy juice and my cum coated my fingers.

Looking at Maggie, I told her, "Rub her clit."

Maggie leaned into her girlfriend, dropped her hand against mine, found Ashley's clit and circled her nub.

After an afternoon filled with orgasms, I was surprised she came so quickly. A short minute after starting, Ashley was bouncing in her seat and moaning, "So good . . . so good . . . sssoooooo fuuuuuuuucking goooooooooood!!"

I teased her for a few more moments as she settled, then raised my hand. I held it out to Maggie, "Be a good little slut and clean my fingers."

Maggie groaned, "Oh God," as she leaned in and took my fingers into her mouth. When my fingers were clean, I told Ashley, "Clean Maggie's fingers."

The sexually exhausted teenager opened her mouth and licked her pussy juice from her girlfriend's fingers.

Hi. I'm Christopher. I'm a real life Literotica author. I write stories about a dominant male and his sex partners. Some readers love my stories and have written me with great feedback, suggestions and encouragement. Others have written, looking for more. 

Literotica Feedback - Dated: September, 13, 2005

Hi. 

I'm Ashley. I want you to know that I love your stories. I've read each of them at least ten times. I have a boyfriend. He's sweet and kind and all my friends say I'm lucky to have him. But I'll be honest. I'm really attracted to the guy in your stories. You know - older, mature, strong and confident. That kind of person scares me a little, but I get so turned on. I like to rub myself at night and think of all the things the guy in your story, makes the women do. I wish you'd write a new story every day.  

Your fan. 

Ashley.

I'd just submitted my eighteenth story to Lit and was reviewing the comments and feedback. I always respond to emails with thanks and a request for suggestions on future stories. I sent Ashley a quick email.

Ashley's second email arrived the next morning. 

Hi Christopher. 

I was so excited to get an email from you. After reading all your stories and your biography on Literotica, I feel like I know you. I'm only eighteen and don't have much sexual experience, so I won't be much help for your next story.

But last night, I thought of something that made me so hot that I had to write you back. If I tell you about myself, would you write a story about me? I wouldn't mind if you treated me like a . . . you know . . . a slut. From your bio, I know you're thirty years older than I am, but the idea of a strong confident older guy, having sex with me is a huge turn-on. It would be so hot to read a story about that. 

I hope you'll do it! 

Love, Ashley Cornelius, NC

My mind filled with wild fantasies as I finished her note. Cornelius, NC is ten miles north of Charlotte and directly off interstate 77. My largest customer is headquartered in Morrisville. Ten miles further north.

Ashley and I emailed daily. Typical of the anonymous relationships allowed on the internet, Ashley was very descriptive and open about her sexuality. She was a sweet, inexperienced girl, who had fantasies of sexual domination.

I wrote Ashley one Monday:

Hi Ashley,

I want you to know that I haven't been able to work on our story since Saturday. I'm traveling on business the next few days. I doubt I'll have much free time, but I will add to the story later in the week.

If you hear a car horn on route 77 tomorrow, it will be me saying hi!

Let's talk soon.

Christopher

Her response arrived in less than an hour:

Um Christopher,

You're coming to NC??????????

Wanting Ashley's tension to build, I didn't write until the next morning. 

Good Morning Ashley,

Yes, I'll be in NC. I'm flying to Charlotte later this morning and visiting a customer in Morrisville until Thursday.

I have some free time on Wednesday and would like to meet you. We can put faces to names. I'll meet you at the Starbucks, in Birkdale Village and we can talk about the story.

I won't have my computer, so I won' be able to see your response, but I hope you'll be available. I'll be at Starbucks at 11:00 and be there for 30 minutes.

I hope to meet you.

Christopher

Birkdale Village is an open air mall, complete with apartments, condos, offices, retail shops, restaurants, bars and other venues.

At 10:30 on Wednesday, I was sitting at one of Starbucks outdoor tables sipping a venti bold. I was facing the store and pretending to read the Wall Street Journal. In reality, I was watching the reflection in the store front window. 

Ashley arrived a few minutes later. She sat on the wall of a fountain, in the middle of a rotary, opposite the Starbucks front door. From the distorted reflection, I could tell Ashley matched the description she had given me. She was tall and had a thin/athletic build. Her hair was blonde and pulled back in a pony tall. Her breasts filled out a white tank top, with spaghetti straps and left her mid-riff bare. Long legs fell from a short tan skirt.

I watched as Ashley stared at every person walking near Starbucks. She opened the cover of the cell phone and checked the time every few minutes. As time passed, her crossed left leg bounced with nervous energy.

At 11:00, Ashley stood, swung her purse over her shoulder and started to the door. As she reached out to grab the door handle, I interrupted, with a polite, "Hello Ashley."

She stopped and jerked in my direction.

"Come. Sit."

As she approached the table, I extended my hand. We shook hands and I pulled out the chair opposite me and offered it to the young girl.

"It's so nice to meet you. Thank you for coming on such short notice."

Ashley was extremely nervous. "It's nice to meet you too. I almost didn't come."

I shrugged and admitted, "I'm surprised you're here." Wanting to goad her, I continued, "I thought you'd chicken out."

As I smiled, I saw a steely determination cross her face. 

We chatted for a few minutes and I asked, "So, why did you come?"

She shyly admitted, "I don't know."

"What do you want to do?"

Ashley squirmed in her chair. "I don't care." And then looking down at the table, she continued, "What ever you want."

"Look at me Ashley." When she did, I asked, "Are you sure? What ever I want?"

She nodded.

Giving her a huge smile, I told her, "What I want, is to fuck your tight teenage pussy."

"Oh," was all she said. She shrunk into her chair.

I was watching Ashley carefully and was getting off on her inner turmoil. My dick was throbbing and was difficult to hide, as it grew down my left pant leg.

Her white top was molded to a pair of beautiful round tits. The straps of a white bra ran parallel to the spaghetti straps of her shirt.

"Do your panties and bra match?"

"Yeah. It's my sexiest set."

"Did you wear them for me?"

"I was thinking about you, when I put them on," she admitted.

"Are your panties wet?"

"Please don't make me answer."

"Tell me Ashley,"

Regaining her courage, she looked me in the eye and said, "I'm soaked." 

"Good, I'm glad you're excited." We sat in silence for a few moments, until I instructed, "I want you to go into the restroom, remove your panties and bring them to me."

"You're driving me crazy, please, take me away from here."

I answered like a parent might talk to a child, "Do as I've asked, Ashley."

Ashley retreated to the Starbucks interior and returned a few minutes later. I didn't say anything, just held my hand out. She opened her purse, crumpled her panties in a tight knot and handed them to me.

They were a cute small white satiny pair. I rolled them in my hand until I found the crotch. It was very wet. 

"Ashley, I know you're nervous, but I want to know . . . are you happy you're here?"

"I'm really, really, really scared. But, I think I'm going to cum, just by sitting here."

While she had been in the restaurant, I had moved her chair closer to me. I was looking at a set of young, tan, athletic legs.

"Spread your legs and show me your cunt."

As I told Ashley what to do, I didn't raise my eyes. I could tell that she was searching around. I assume the coast was clear, because she scooted forward in the chair and spread her legs. 

Her snatch was covered with down-like blonde hair. Her pussy lips were exposed to my stare. They were a deep pink and wet from her excited state.

Still staring at Ashley's quim, I told her, "I'd like you to follow me back to the Holiday Inn. But you need to know, if you come, I'm going to treat you like a slut. I won't hurt you, but I'll use you."

A hesitant Ashley asked, "What will you do?"

"Anything I want Ashley. I'll fuck your pussy and mouth. I'll probably try your asshole too."

"Do you want to know something?"

"Sure," I answered.

"I borrowed two of my Mom's toys last night. I took her medium vibrator and a big dildo. The dildo hurt, but I got it in my ass."

"Were you thinking about me, while you played with the toys?"

"I imagined the toys were your dick."

"Meet me at the Holiday Inn. I'm in room 328." I left Ashley, hoping she'd meet me at the hotel.

On the drive to the Holiday Inn, I thought about the many fantasies that Ashley had shared in her emails. I sensed that she had a craving, a need, to be dominated. She didn't want to be forced. Instead, she wanted to willingly comply with my sexual instructions.

Ashley beat me to the hotel and was waiting outside my third floor room, when I exited the elevator.

"Last chance," was all I said, as I slid the key-card into the lock. I held open the door and Ashley walked into my room. 

The room has a small closet, just inside the entrance. When I opened the door, Ashley stopped and watched. I took a hanger from the closet, pointed at her and said, "Give me your shirt."

I was watching Ashley's blue eyes and saw them sparkle with excitement and fear. She reached for the bottom of her shirt, pulled it over her head and handed it to me. 

As I slipped her shirt onto the hanger, I continued, "And your bra."

With a flick of her wrist, Ashley opened her bra, pulled it over her shoulders. She looked spectacular, standing proud and topless. The last time I had seen eighteen year old breasts, was thirty years ago, when I was eighteen. They were high and tight. Her B-cups were capped with tiny pink nipples.

I was tempted to reach out and fondle her tits. Instead, I had her strip completely. "Hand me your skirt," I ordered.

Ashley reached behind her, thrusting her perky tits forward. She easily unbuttoned the skirt, unzipped and wiggled the skirt over her hips. She stepped out and handed it to me. After hanging the clothes in the closet, I turned and pulled Ashley against me. I leaned in and gently kissed her. Her response was tentative at first. Putting a hand on each side of her waist, I held her and kissed her harder. 

Slowly, the naked teenager circled her arms over my neck. Her mouth opened and our tongues tangled. 

While still kissing, Ashley let out a long, "AAAGGGRRRRrrrrrr."

I let my arms slip behind her, grabbed an ass-cheek in each hand, and pulled her bare pussy against my pants covered crotch. Ashley eagerly circled her pussy into my hard cock.

"I love that I make you so hard." Her right hand snuck between our bodies and rubbed my wood. "And I love that you're so big."

Using my right hand, I palmed her furry mound and let my middle finger slip into her wet tunnel.

While fingering her twat, I told her, "And I love that you're so tight and wet."

I pulled my fingers from her depths and tasted them. She tasted so fresh. I led the young beauty down the hallway, to the bedroom. I had her sit on the edge and sank to my knees between her spread legs, pushed her to her back, spread her thighs and tasted her juicy twat.

I licked from her tight puckered asshole to her clit and back. Ashley's hands held my face tight against her pussy. "Fuck yes . . . Oh God . . . YEEssssss . . . eat me . . . eat . . . mmeeeeee . . . feels so fucking goooooooood!"

She was bucking slightly against my face and purring, when I slid a finger into her pussy. I searched for her g-spot and when she jumped, I knew I found it. My finger rubbed her g-spot and I tongued her fat clit. Her bucking increased and she pushed harder into my face. 

Eventually, Ashley exploded and a river of cum flowed out of her cunt and into my hungry mouth.

I let Ashley rest for a short moment, as I quickly stripped off my clothes. Leaving her on her back, I lifted each leg by the ankle, and spread her. My cock was standing straight and proud as I rubbed its length along her slit.

Making sure my entire length was wet; I pressed the plum size head into her hole. It was a tight squeeze and took a bit of pressure, before I popped into her tunnel. 

"OOOhhhhh fuck! Go slow. Pleasssssse. Go slow."

I held steady for a bit and was enjoying the tight glove like feeling of her slippery wet pussy. She groaned when I flicked my thumb over her clit and again when I pushed two more inches in.

"Jesus. SSSSSSSSSSSlow!"

I fucked Ashley with three inches of cock and was ready to force a few more into her, when her cell phone rang.

"Shit . . . it's my phone . . . its Maggie . . . my friend . . . she's checking . . . to make sure I'm safe." Ashley couldn't string more than two or three words without a break.

I pulled from Ashley's tight hole and walked back to the room's entrance. Ashley's pocketbook was on the floor. I carried it back to the bed. As Ashley fished into the bag, looking for her phone, I pushed back into her cunt.

I was five inches deep, when Ashley grunted, "Hello."

I could only hear one side of the conversation. "Yeah, I'm fine."

"It's amazing. He wasn't lying . . . he's huge."

"He ate my pussy . . . now he's fucking me."

I interrupted and asked, "Where is she?"

"She's in my car."

Ashley had told me about her friend, in an email. They went to the same high school, but only became friends recently. Both enjoyed reading Literotica and sharing sexual fantasizes. 

I pushed another two inches into Ashley's cunt and started a slow steady fucking motion.

"Oh God, Maggie. This is unbelievable. He's fucking me so deep and he's not even all the way in."

"Invite her up," I instructed as I pushed all the way in.

"FFFFFFFFFFuck. He's in. He's fucking . . . all the way . . . innnnnnn."

I continued to pump Ashley's pussy and said again, "Invite her up." I pushed in hard, to emphasis my point.

"He wants . . . you . . . to come up."

"Pleasssseeee. I want help." 

"It's room 328," she told her friend.

She eventually ended the call with, "OK. Five minutes."

I didn't say anything. Instead, I decided that a five minute power fuck was in order. I pushed her legs back and pressed her ankles into the mattress on either side of her head.

I pushed my full length into her and held it in place, while circling my hips.

Ashley panted, "It feels . . . soooo . . . fucking . . . goooood."

Pulling all but my head out, I rammed it back and started a steady hard, steady fucking motion.

"Do you like my dick, baby?"

"Fuck yes . . . OH . . . fuck . . . I love your . . . dick."

Her next orgasm came hard and fast. She tried to move, but I had her pinned to the bed and continued the hard pounding, until we heard a tentative knock on the door.

Pulling from Ashley's sloppy cunt, I stood over her and instructed, "Get the door."

Ashley stood and looked around the room. Guessing that she wanted to cover herself, I told her, "Answer the door. Now."

After a brief hesitation, Ashley walked to the entrance. I heard the door open, a loud giggle and Ashley saying, "Just shut up. OK?"

Shyly, the two high school seniors appeared back in the room.

Before introductions could be made, Maggie's eyes locked on my wet, rock-hard dick and she exclaimed, "Holy crap. It's fucking huge." 

So much for introductions!

"Hi, Maggie. Thanks for coming up. I hope you don't mind, but Ashley and I were just starting to enjoy each other." I wagged a finger at Ashley. With a self-conscience giggle, she came back to me.

In a stage whisper, so Maggie could hear, I told Ashley, "Get on your knees; I'm going to fuck you like a dog."

Ashley complied and I stepped behind her upturned ass and slid completely into her cunt. She lowered her head to the bed and rested it on her crossed arms.

I started a slow deep drilling. Ashley's cunt hugged my cock tightly. Looking across the room, I examined Maggie for the first time. I knew, from the emails, that she was a nineteen year old high school senior. Maggie was a tiny, dark haired girl.

Ashley had written me that Maggie considered herself bi-sexual. They had talked about sexual experimentation, but hadn't tried anything.

As Ashley grunted and groaned, I said to Maggie, "My dick looks so sexy sliding in and out of Ashley's cunt. Do you want to see?"

The small teenager was by my side in a flash and leaned over her kneeling friend and watched my bone, slide into her open twat.

"You're stretching her so wide."

"Can you believe how wet she is?" I asked.

"She'd have to be. You're so fucking big." 

Maggie leaned in and watched our action from just a few inches. I pulled from Ashley's pussy and rested my cock in the crease of her ass. Maggie had an exciting bit of kink; she rested her head on the small of Ashley's back, opened her mouth and let my pussy juice covered cock slide into her.

I held her by the back of the head and fucked her mouth and then slid back into Ashley. 

I've had a wide variety of sexual experiences, but this was one of my favorite. I took turns fucking Ashley's pussy and Maggie's mouth. 

Pulling from Maggie's mouth and returning deep into Ashley's cunt, I asked, "Do you like the taste of Ashley's pussy?"

Maggie purred, "Yeah. A lot!"

I continued the cycle between twat and throat. A stream of spit had been flowing from Maggie's mouth and ran into the crease of Ashley's butt cheeks. 
