 It was late and there was no one else out on the road. The party had been boring and she couldn't wait to get home. With the radio up, and the air turned low, she pressed her foot down on the accelerator and her mustang sped up to 80. Her friends had told her she needed to get out more, be more social. She'd worn a short red dress and high heels that said "Fuck me" but that hadn't worked. All the men at the party were either gay or first class assholes. She wasn't going to waste a night with an asshole and the gay men weren't interested. So, here she was alone on an empty road. 

She was lost in her thoughts and the music when she heard the first blare of the siren behind her. Fuck was the first thought in her head. She looked in the rearview mirror and saw the red lights on the patrol car behind her. Pulling off to the side of the road, she stopped her car and waited. This was the perfect ending to a shitty night.

She watched as one officer got out of the car but another stayed behind. Great two of em! As the cop approached her car, she rolled down her window.

"Evening, officer."

The cop leaned down to take a look in the car. She'd been going awfully fast and he wasn't taking any chances. He looked around the car before letting his eyes settle on her. She was a hot little number. The skirt of her dress was short and he could just see a patch of white panties between her legs. His eyes slowly wandered up her body. She shivered as a rush of air swept through the car. He noticed her nipples strain against the material. The neck of her dress was just barely holding in her well-endowed chest. She was a beautiful woman and she was dressed for something special.

"Ma'am, were you aware that you were doing 85 in a 45 zone?"

She looked down and then back up with a look that said, "Maybe."

"Can I see your license, registration and proof of insurance, please?"

She reached across the front seat to the glove compartment. As she leaned over, her dress rode up her leg, exposing even more of her thigh. Gravity fought with the neck of her dress as she sat back up, her breasts pushing up against her dress even more. Her nipples were just barely visible at the top of her dress. She handed him her paperwork and smiled.

As the cop walked back towards his car, she looked back in her mirror. Even in the dull night light, she could tell he had a tight ass. The material of his uniform hugged him in all the right places. She'd been surprised when he first leaned into her window. He was gorgeous! His uniform clung to him, showing a strain against the muscles under it. She had seen his eyes skim over her body, particularly her chest, and she'd felt herself getting wet. Too long without a man.

She looked back in her mirror again. Both cops were now walking towards her car again. They kept talking and the one who had initially approached her car was shaking his head. The second cop was lightly shorter than the first but looked to be about the same build. As they approached her car again, the first cop reached down and opened her door for her, while the other stood just by the door.

"Ma'am, we need you to step out of your car, please. Slowly."

She didn't know what was happening, but she didn't want to cause any trouble. As she stepped out of her car, her dress hiked up even further. She moved slowly, letting her legs swing out and open, giving the officers a good view of her white panties. She leaned out, letting her breasts hang slightly. When she stood, she noticed a bulge had already started in the first cop's pants. As she leaned against the car, her arms down at her side, she smiled.

"Is there a problem, officer?"

The first officer shifted on his feet. He seemed nervous now. She felt the second cop's eyes scan slowly over her body. She turned to look at him as his eyes roamed her thigh and then up her torso to her breasts. Her nipples were pushing against the material and with all the attention they were getting, they were getting harder by the second. The first officer finally responded.

"When we ran your license, we picked up a small problem. Have you ever been picked up for soliciting, ma'am?"

She nearly laughed out loud. Soliciting? Her!

"Officer, you can't be serious. Isn't soliciting where a woman asks a man for money in exchange for sex or something like that?

She shifted her weight slightly from one leg to the other, causing her breasts to sway easily. She knew her dress was fighting the restraints of her breasts. That was one of the reasons she'd bought it in the first place.

"Yes, ma'am, that's correct. Have you ever been picked up for that before? Our records are coming up a little sketchy right now."

She turned towards him slightly, pressing her arms in on her sides, pushing her breasts upwards. She wet her lips with her tongue.

"Officer, do you think I look like someone who would have to ask a man for money in order to make love to me? Do I look like I need to ask men for special attention?"

She could see the bulge in his pants getting bigger and bigger. The second officer, who had been standing off to the side until this point, moved forward, standing next to the first officer. She had the feeling he didn't want to miss the view. His pants were holding in a bulge as well.

"Well, no, ma'am, you don't. But our records look that way and well, we could just leave this at a warning, I guess."

The second officer finally piped in.

"Yea, ma'am, if you tell us you've done anything like that before, we'll let you go with a warning."

She walked towards both of them, getting a little closer. She licked her lips and leaned her hip against the car.

"Let me see. I've never taken money for sex before. Does it count if I've let a man take me to dinner and then fuck me? Or what if I gave a blow job to a man in exchange for a fur coat? What do you think, officer?"

She ran her hand up her stomach and gently cupped her breast through her dress. She moved closer to them again. She was so close, she could feel their breath on her skin. 

"Or what if instead of a warning, you boys let me off if I get you off with the best head you've ever had?"

She reached down with both hands and cupped each of their groins. Rubbing her hand up and down, she massaged their growing hard-on's in their pants. The first officer started to speak, but the second officer cut him off.

"I think we.... ahhhh .... might be able to work... mmmm .... something out."

Squeezing her hand over their groins, she stroked them slowly. Then, telling them to follow her, she walked around to the other side of the car, the side facing the side of the road. They followed behind, their hard-ons straining in their pants. Turning to face them, she grabbed the crotch of the second officer first. Standing against him, she unzipped his pants. He shivered from the cool air. Reaching down with her other hand, she undid his belt and laid it on the hood of the car gently. Smiling, she undid the button at the top of his pants and let them fall to the ground. Pushing her hand against him again, she laid her fingers against the length of his shaft and pumped her hand up and down. He moaned from the friction of her hand rubbing his boxers against him. Sliding down in front of him, she knelt and reached her hands up inside the waist of his boxers and slowly pulled them down. His hard cock sprang out. He was long and hard. Gripping her hands around the base of his cock, she slipped the tip inside her mouth. Sucking slowly, she teased the tip. She felt him grow harder in her mouth. She sucked hard and slipped her mouth down further over him. She heard him moan and she sucked harder. She couldn't get all of him in her mouth but when she felt the tip of his cock touch the back of her throat, she slid her mouth back up the shaft. She looked out the corner of her eye and saw the first officer had taken his cock out of his pants and was pumping it slowly.

Slipping the second officer's cock from her lips, she looked at the other cop and told him to come here. He stepped forward, his cock in his hands. His cock was shorter but thicker than the first. She wrapped one hand around the base of his cock and slipped it inside her mouth. She continued to pump the other cop's cock in her hand while her mouth worked this shorter cock. She sucked hard, feeling his cock get harder and harder in her mouth. She pulled gently on the cock in her hands, forcing him to step closer. Holding both cocks in her hands, she alternated between the head of each member. Rolling her tongue around one tip and then the other, moving back and forth between the two, all the while stroking her hands up and down their shafts. Both cops were moaning, pushing their cocks into her hands.

Cars whizzed by, but nobody noticed or cared. She wasn't visible from the road, and no one could see that the officers had their pants down around their ankles and their cocks in her mouth. She sucked hard, pulling first one cock and then the other into her mouth. She pumped the longer cock in her hand and sucked the balls hanging from the shorter cock. Both cocks throbbed. She stopped and looked up, licking her lips.

"Is this all you boys want? Or do you want a little more bang?"

The first officer grabbed her by the shoulders and bent her over. She moaned as he pushed her dress up over her ass, his fingers reaching inside her panties. With a strong tug, he ripped her panties off her, tearing them down the middle.

"Now we're gonna show you how to work off a ticket, baby."

She felt a rush of excitement. She reached out and grabbed the second cop's cock in her hands, pulling him towards her, and slipping her mouth around him. She felt a finger explore her wet pussy, opening her wide. Then, the tip of his cock slowly slid between her tight lips. She moaned and continued to suck on the cock between her other lips. She rocked back and forth on the cock in her mouth as the other officer fucked her from behind. The first officer reached down and pulled one of her breasts from her dress and pinched her nipple. She moaned and sucked harder. He was fucking her harder now. She could feel his cock getting harder inside her, swelling and throbbing as he rammed deeper and deeper in her pussy. She thought about what she was doing, out in the middle of nowhere, in the middle of the night, with two police officer's cocks in her mouth and pussy. The thought rocked her to a huge orgasm, her body shivering and shaking, her pussy tightening around the cock deep inside her.

"Oh yea, baby! Cum for me! Cum all over my cock, baby."

The cop pushed his thick cock harder into her pussy, slamming his balls against her. She sucked harder on the cock in her mouth. The second officer's cock was growing in her mouth, pulsing with each suck. Her tongue circled the tip and then pushed down his shaft, her lips wrapped tight around him. His hands were tugging on her hair, pulling her head down harder and harder on his cock as he thrust up to drill her mouth. She moaned and sucked harder, pulling his balls with her fingers. His hands were down, stroking her swinging nipples, squeezing his fingers tight over her hard nubs. She knew he was about to cum. She rolled her tongue around his cock inside her mouth, sucking hard on his shaft.

"Oh fuck!"

He yelled as he shoot his load in her mouth. She kept sucking, the cum dripping from her lips. Her hands pumped his cock, jerking every last drop into her mouth. He moaned and pushed his throbbing cock deeper in her mouth. She looked up as she pulled on his cock with her lips. His eyes were shut and he was biting his bottom lip. She nibbled the tip of his cock and released him.

She held onto the second officer's thighs as the cop behind her fucked her harder. Grabbing her waist harder and pulling her back against him, he moaned.

"Oh fuck, baby, fuck I'm gonna cum."

He pulled out and shot his cum on her ass. She moaned from the warmth of his cum on her skin, chilled from the night air. He pumped his cock with his hands, getting the last squirt of cum from his now limp cock. Reaching down between her lips, he rammed a two fingers roughly up inside her tight pussy. The second officer was pulling on her breasts and the second officer was finger fucking her hard. She moaned and erupted in another hard orgasm.

Standing, she looked at the two officers. Pulling her dress up over her breasts, she then bent down and reached for her torn panties. She watched the officers tuck their limp dicks back in their pants. Handing the torn panties to the first officer, she smiled.

"A little souvenir to remember me by. Maybe next time, you'll just cut to fucking and save everyone a lot of wasted time."

She walked back to the drivers side of her car. Getting in, she thought maybe tonight hadn't been suck a waste. She smiled as she pulled away. Looking in her rearview mirror, she watched the two officers slowly crawl back into the car and pull away. Stepping on the accelerator, she thought maybe there was time for another ticket tonight. She loved speeding violations.