 Tricia moaned some beneath her husband as his cock hammered away at her. After a few more minutes Ed grunted and shot his cum deep within her pussy. He rolled off of her and sighed, echoing his wife’s feelings of dissatisfaction. 

Ed and Tricia were both in their late thirties and had been married for close to ten years. They had met in college and dated for a few years before taking the plunge together. And at first, they were totally satisfied with each other. Ed was a tall man, standing over 6’ and with a strong body toned from years of working out and staying shape. He owned his own landscaping company and refused to let others do the work that he could do himself. Tricia was an attractive woman, with olive colored skin that reflected her Sicilian heritage. She had black hair that made people think of midnight, curly and hanging past her shoulders. She had similarly dark eyes and great body, long legs with just enough on her thighs to make them desirable. Her C-cup tits had just the hint of sag to them, again enough to make them seem real and full. Both Ed and Tricia’s sex life had been wonderful, the two having large sex drives. However, throughout the years, they had both silently yearned for something else, something different. Various places, positions, and toys had come and gone and those things spiced sex up for a while, but still left them with that longing for something truly erotic.

“We have to do something about this,” Ed said.

“I know baby, I know,” Tricia replied. “I mean it’s just not the same. Your cock is still what I want, still fills me up, but...” she trailed off.

“I know what you mean,” Ed spoke, turning to his side and laying his hand on Tricia’s stomach. “Your body still gets me so hard and I love to fuck you, but...”

The two laid together in silence for more than a few minutes, until Ed finally spoke up. “What about having someone else join us one night? Maybe another man to please you?” He had this idea in his mind for the past few months, but was nervous to bring it up with Tricia. Ed loved his wife more than anything, and had not liked the idea that their sex life might suffer so much that she would seek excitement elsewhere. He did not wish to share his wife, but with the right person involved, Ed thought a threesome would be just what they needed.

Tricia rolled over onto her side and gazed at Ed. “What? Are you serious?”

“Yeah,” Ed said simply. “I don’t want to lose you baby. I love you so much, and maybe this is the type of change in our sex life we need. I just want you to be happy.”

Tricia smiled the smile that won her Ed and kissed him. “Baby, I would absolutely love that! I mean, if you’re comfortable with it and if we found the right guy to join us.” She rolled over on top of Ed and sat up. “Honestly, I have always wanted to be with two guys at once, but I just thought you wouldn’t be too keen with the idea.”

“Well, at first I wasn’t, but then I met this guy at work,” Ed began. “His name’s Joe and we just hired him a few months ago. We started talking about different things and I found out that he’s new in town and hasn’t really met anyone that knocked his socks off yet. And I know for a fact that he’s done this type of thing before. He told me about his ex-girlfriend who loved having two men at once. He’s the one who put the idea of a threesome in my mind.”

“Ed, if you think this guy Joe is cool, and you’re up for it, then I think this is just the kick in the pants our sex life needs,” Tricia smiled. She felt Ed’s cock spring back life and smiled again. “And I think it’s working already.”

* * * * It was about two weeks later that Joe accepted an invitation by Ed to come over one evening for dinner. Joe had been living in a small apartment in town and was eager to accept the offer of a nice, home cooked meal. Plus, Ed had sat Joe down the afternoon before and explained to him the situation with his wife. Once Joe found out that Ed wanted him to fuck his wife in a threesome, Joe was even more eager to agree. It had been far too long since he was in this type of situation.

Joe was a handsome man, and when Tricia answered the door and saw him for the first time, she nearly fucked him on the doorstep. Joe was also a tall man, a little shorter than Ed, but with a similar build from working outside all of his life. Where Ed had a mop of black hair, Joe had curly light brown hair that matched his brown eyes. “You must be Joe,” Tricia said and greeted the man to their home.

“And you must be Tricia,” Joe smiled, looking Ed’s wife up and down. Tricia had worn a simple, yet flattering dark blue dress that fell just beneath her ass, and was held up by two thin straps across her shoulders. It accented her body, especially her tits nicely.

The three friends had a nice dinner, that Joe simply loved. He had commented that he hadn’t had a home cooked meal like this in what seemed like ages. After dinner, Tricia told the guys to grab some beers and relax while she cleaned up. She went into the kitchen leaving Ed and Joe sitting on the couch talking. Once alone and out of sight, Tricia ran a finger along the front of her blue thong underwear and sighed softly. She was dripping wet with anticipation and hadn’t felt this eager about sex in so long. Plus, the little act Ed and she had concocted was making her feel very hot as well. While Ed had told Joe that he wanted the man to join in fucking Tricia, he did not tell Joe that Tricia knew about it. Ed had asked Joe to try and seduce his wife while over for dinner. Tricia loved the idea of this man thinking he was seducing his boss’s wife in the same house after dinner.

Tricia had finished up cleaning the dishes when she heard someone enter the kitchen. An arm slipped around her slim waist and she heard Joe’s voice. “That was a fantastic dinner Tricia, thanks for inviting me.”

“Sure thing Joe,” Tricia smiled. “Ed’s told me that your still kind of new to town and haven’t had much to eat that wasn’t delivered in quite some time.”

“Yeah, home cooked meals are the best,” Joe said. “And the women who can actually cook them are even better,” Joe finished and gave Tricia’s waist a tight squeeze, pulling her against his side.

“Thanks, now why don’t you grab another beer and go out with Ed,” Tricia said, pulling away slightly from Joe’s arm. “I’ll be out in a second.”

“I’m not really a big drinker,” Joe replied, pulling Tricia back against him and running his hand down from her waist to the side of her thigh. His fingers crept just below the short line of her dress and ran playfully along Tricia’s bare flesh. “Besides, Ed’s up stairs in the bathroom. He took the paper with him like he does at work, so I know he won’t be down for a while.”

Tricia grabbed Joe’s hand and lifted it off her thigh and returned it to her waist. “Just like Ed after dinner,” she laughed. “Play nice now Joe, I’m still a married woman. And married to your boss at that.”

Joe grinned a bit and returned his hand to the side of Tricia’s thigh. “I can always get a new job and a new boss,” he smiled. Tricia went to move his hand again, and Joe pulled her hard against his body, positioning himself behind Tricia. His other hand went to her other thigh and pressed her ass back against his pelvis. “You have such a great body Tricia, you can’t be as old as Ed.”

Tricia could feel Joe’s large erection pressed against her ass and she fought back a moan. This scenario was almost too much for her to continue, but she did. “How old do you think I am?” She asked Joe.

“Well, I’m 25, so you can’t be much older than that,” Joe answered.

“Actually I’m 38 Joe,” Tricia said and grinned when she felt Joe’s erection jump beneath his jeans. 

“Tricia, you have such a sexy body for an older woman,” Joe smiled, running his hand along Tricia’s waist and thigh, up the front of her tummy and along the inside of the bare thigh beneath her dress. “All night I’ve been thinking about your body Tricia and how much I want it.” His hand then moved up underneath Tricia’s dress, his finger running along the fabric of her thong until he found her wet spot. 

“Ohhhh God,” Tricia moaned as Joe’s finger began slowly moving around her thong covered pussy. “Joe, Ed could come down at any moment,” Tricia protested with no conviction. Joe ignored her and continued rubbing her wet pussy, causing Tricia to moan more and press her ass hard back against Joe’s cock. This had been what she needed, the feeling of another man touching her, wanting her, and knowing that her husband would soon join in and love her with this man. It was turning her on so much. 

Joe’s other hand moved down to the hem of Tricia’s dress and grabbing some fabric, hiked it up around her waist. Turning her around, Joe leaned her back against the kitchen table and moved her dress up all the way, revealing her blue thong, wet with her juices. Tricia looked with lust into Joe’s eyes as he quickly, almost violently ripped off her dress and thong, exposing her tits and trimmed, moist pussy to his view.

“Joe, please we can’t do this. Ed, my husband, is going to find out and...mmmmmm,” Tricia started to protest, continuing her act even in this state of ultimate arousal, but when Joe’s fingers slide between her wet thighs and began to run along her pussy lips, she could only moan with pleasure. 

Joe slid two of his fingers into Tricia’s pussy and worked them in and out, his mouth seeking out her nipples and sucking them hard into his mouth. Tricia wrapped her arms around his head and bit her bottom lip with pleasure as Joe finger fucked her pussy. Pulling back, Joe smiled and took off his jeans and boxers, revealing his long cock to Tricia’s wide eyes. It was so much bigger than Ed’s cock, but not as thick. Tricia slowly reached out to it, her fingers wrapping around the shaft and pumping it slowly.

“Yeah baby, you like this cock don’t you?” Joe asked as Tricia jerked him off. “I’m going to fuck you with this cock right now,” Joe stated, turning Tricia around and bending her over the kitchen table. Joe ran the tip of his cock along Tricia’s wet pussy, teasing her. 

“Oh God, just do it, fuck me!” Tricia cried out, pushing her body back against Joe’s cock. Joe put his hand on the back of Tricia’s head, his fingers grabbing a handful as he thrust his cock deep inside her pussy. “OHHHH,” Tricia cried out as she felt his long cock penetrate her deep. Joe began thrusting his hard cock into her pussy, fucking Tricia hard and fast. Tricia groaned with pleasure as her pussy was assaulted by her lover’s hard member. Joe leaned forward, never breaking stride, his mouth next to Tricia’s ear and whispered, “You like this baby? Like me fucking your married pussy?”

“Oh God yes, yessss, ohhhhh,” Tricia moaned, trying to push her ass back against Joe’s thrusting. “Fuck me harder baby, fuck me. Make me feel it, feel it good,” Tricia smiled.

Joe stood up again, pulling the handful of hair and pulling Tricia’s head up, using her hair like the reins on a horse as he stepped up his tempo. Joe started fucking her so hard that the table began to slide across the length of the kitchen. 

“Oh God YESSSS! MMMMMM YESSSSS!” Tricia screamed and shook with her first intense orgasm. Joe suddenly pulled out of her and led the dazed Tricia into the living room, where she saw Ed sitting, his own hard cock out, jerking it off to the sounds of his wife being fucked. Ed grinned at both his naked wife and Joe, who smiled back, still unaware that Ed and Tricia had planned this all along. 

“See Ed, what did I tell you?” Joe smiled, holding Tricia’s hand and leading her over to the couch. “Your wife here just needed me to motivate her in the kitchen. Now I think she’s up for the idea of a threesome.” Tricia nodded with a large smile plastered on her face as Joe laid her on the couch, spread her legs wide and raised her legs up over his shoulders. Joe took hold of his rock hard cock and shoved it into Tricia’s wide open and drenched pussy. Tricia let out a moan as Joe began hammering away at her cunt.

Tricia looked over at her husband Ed, who was frantically jerking his cock across from her and Joe, taking in the scene before him. “Ohhh Ed,” Tricia moaned as Joe pulled back and pumped his cock back into her pussy, fucking her with so much lust filled force. “Mmmm Ed, he fucks me soooo good baby...fucking my pussy soooo hard. Come here baby,” Tricia smiled, pulling on her hard nipples. “Come here and let me suck your cock while Joe fucks me.”

Ed rose and crossed the room towards his wife and Joe. Tricia reached up towards Ed’s solid cock with her hands, but Ed pushed her grip away. He lifted his leg and hovered his cock over his wife’s mouth before grabbing her hair and shoving his cock into her eagerly awaiting mouth. “Since Joe’s fucking your pussy, I want to fuck your mouth,” Ed said, pumping his cock into Tricia’s mouth, trying to match the fast rhythm that Joe was setting with her pussy. Ed could feel his wife’s tongue swirl around his hard shaft as it slid into her mouth, his quickly filling balls slamming against her chin.

“Hey, let me in on that action up there,” Joe said, pulling out of Tricia and switching places with Ed. “After all, she is your wife and you should get to fuck her pussy too,” Joe laughed, replacing Ed’s cock in Tricia’s mouth. 

“Yeah, and I’m going to fuck her pussy good,” Ed grinned, placing Tricia’s legs over his shoulders and began pounding away at his wife’s swollen cunt just as hard as Joe had. “Oh yeah baby, your pussy feels so good...loose and wet for my cock,” Ed moaned, pulling his cock out to the tip, then slamming it back home again. Tricia moaned loudly with Joe’s cock in her mouth as the young man fucked away in her mouth. This had been exactly what Ed and Tricia wanted, and it certainly had made for very spicy sex.

“Oh yeah baby, your mouth is as good a fuck as your pussy, mmmmmm yeah,” Joe grunted, shoving his cock deep inside Tricia’s mouth and shooting his cum down her throat. 

“Mmmmm,” Tricia moaned around Joe’s cock, tasting his salty seed. Ed grabbed onto his wife’s legs and pumped away harder, his own climax coming upon him. Tricia let Joe’s cock fall from her mouth. “Oh baby, you fuck me so good, ohhhhhh yesssss,” she cried as Ed’s cock pounded into her. “Yessss ohhhhhh,” Tricia grabbed her hard nipples and pulled as her pussy spasmed around Ed’s cock in orgasm. Seeing his wife’s body shake with pleasure, Ed slammed his cock inside her once more and grunted as he exploded deep within her pussy.

Ed let Tricia’s legs drop from his shoulders and leaned down kissing her deep, tasting Joe’s cum on her tongue. “I love you baby, that’s just what we needed,” Ed grinned. 

“Mm hmm,” Tricia agreed, giving Ed one more deep kiss, then blowing one to Joe, who sat back on the floor with a smile on his face.

“So, how about some wine?” Ed asked, rising up from his wife and going into the kitchen, where he plopped down on a chair with a smile. Ed was correct when he told Tricia that this night was what they needed. He hadn’t been that hard with desire for his wife for so long, and seeing her being fucked by Joe just made things even hotter. Ed’s cock had shot what seemed like gallons of cum in Tricia’s pussy, and yet Ed felt he could give her more, and very soon. 

Ed poured three glasses of wine and carried them into the living room, where he stopped and laughed. Joe was lying back on the couch with Tricia on her knees giving him a blowjob. One hand slowly stroked Joe’s length, while the other cupped and played with his balls. Joe smiled at Ed and shrugged his shoulders. Tricia looked over and smiled around Joe’s cock, sucking hard and letting it fall from her lips with a smack. 

“He got hard again, so I had to do something baby,” Tricia laughed. 

Ed put the wine aside and walked behind his wife. “Let’s save the wine for later.”

“Yeah, I think my cock wants more of your pussy Tricia,” Joe said.

“Really? Well, how’s about this?” Tricia asked with a lopsided grin and rose herself up over Joe’s hard cock. Her hand grabbed hold of it as she lowered herself, sliding it inside her loose pussy with a sigh. “Ahhhhh yeah, that’s better,” Tricia smiled. She started riding Joe’s cock slowly at first, then she moved faster. “Suck on these,” Tricia said, giving her tits to Joe’s mouth.

Ed came up behind his wife and smacked her ass hard, causing a squeal from Tricia. “Fuck me baby,” she moaned, riding Joe’s cock while he sucked her tits. “Fuck my ass now, I want to have two hard cocks inside me, make me feel filled.”

Ed had always loved fucking his wife’s ass, and the thought of doing it while she had Joe’s cock in her pussy made him so hard. Ed grabbed onto Tricia’s hips and stopped her fucking motions. He moved the head of his cock against her ass and started to push. Tricia yelped with some pain, as it had been some time since she last had Ed’s cock in her ass. After about three thrusts, Ed shoved hard one last time and buried his cock in Tricia’s ass.

“OHHHH YESSSS,” Tricia yelled and started moving on Joe’s cock, sliding it in and out of her pussy. It didn’t take long for Ed to match her speed and was soon pumping his cock in Tricia’s ass. Joe sat on the couch, his lips sucking hard on Tricia’s nipples.

“Oh God, I feel so good, mmmmmm,” Tricia moaned. Ed couldn’t stand it anymore. The tightness of Tricia’s ass around his cock was too much, and Ed buried it deep within her ass and exploded. Tricia felt her husband’s cock twitch inside her ass, then felt the stream of cum start to flow and leak from her asshole. “Oh yeah Ed, yesssss, mmmm,” Tricia moaned and felt Ed’s cock fall with a plop from her ass. She grabbed onto Joe’s shoulders and flung her body into motion on his cock. “Yesss feels so good, ohhhh, OHHHHH,” Tricia screamed as her body shook with climax. Joe bit down onto Tricia’s nipple and with a grunt, shot his load into her pussy.

Tricia gave Joe a deep tongue kiss, then felt Ed’s hands reach around to cup her tits. “Yes sweetie,” Tricia smiled, “I think this is exactly what we needed.”