 Specially written for Sxy_Kitten...

You probably knew you were going too fast, of course. As you sped along the motorway eager to keep your appointment in London, your eye had almost certainly drifted to the speed dial on the dashboard behind the steering wheel. But what did that matter? Everyone always goes a little over on the M25, when they can – it's a rare enough occurrence for the traffic to actually be moving there, after all. Why not take advantage of it? And what difference is ten miles per hour going to make to any sensible person in any case?

You hadn't, of course, reckoned on them being there, waiting. It wasn't something that had ever happened to you before, and when you saw the blue lights flashing in the rear view mirror, you looked at first ahead to then to the side, wondering idly who it was they were after.

And now is the moment when you realise that is in, in fact, you.

It's a fan, which is strange, and at first as you begin to study it closely you hope it might be an ambulance that just wants you to get out of the way. But it's a police van all right, and goodness knows how long it's been following you for. Long enough to know how long you've been speeding for, probably. You nervously begin to pull in to the hard shoulder.

Oh God, you think. What am I going to do now?

It's a few moments before anything else happens as the police van pulls in behind you. You find yourself hoping for a moment that it's all been a horrible mistake, they'll wave you on and tell you to go about your business, but it's a vain hope. You reach across and switch off Steve Wright in the Afternoon on the radio, your hand shaking slightly.

In the right hand wing mirror, you catch a glimpse of the black of a police uniform walking slowly towards your car.

You swallow and wind down the window. 

The officer leans close in, his arm resting on the ledge of the open window, the silver trimmings of his immaculate, crisp uniform glistening in the bright May sunshine. He's a young man, early twenties, a little younger than you, not unfriendly looking with blue eyes and short, black hair.

You shiver a little, and not entirely through nerves.

"Is this your car, Madam?"

His voice is firm, instructive, but not impolite. Moving your legs slightly, you nod. You notice his eyes flicking, just for the briefest of moments, down to the bare flesh of your legs emerging from under the short skirt as they move, and you realise that perhaps a little flirtation might save the day here.

"Why yes it is officer," you breath, attempting to sound seductive and husky without being too glaringly obvious. "Is there a problem?"

He nods, and you wonder if you saw him trying a quick glimpse down your top that time?

"Yes, there is a problem I'm afraid?"

You look up at him properly for the first time, attempting to pull off an innocent, naïve, surprised face.

"Oh?"

"Yes. Any idea what speed you were doing back there Madam?"

Something about the way he says Madam...

"I couldn't tell you I'm afraid officer... I wasn't looking."

"Really? Not paying due care and attention to your driving then?"

Shit!

"I... What I meant was that I'm sure I wasn't going over the speed limit at all..."

"I never mentioned going over the speed limit Madam. I simply asked if you knew what speed you were doing."

You take a deep breath and try to push her breasts out a little.

"Oh," you say.

"Can I ask you to step out of the car, Madam?"

"What for?"

He grins slyly.

"To take a breathalyser test, Madam."

Surely he can see that you're not drunk, not even close to it?

"But I haven't had a drink since yesterday!"

"Nevertheless, Madam. I'd like to ask you to step out of the car to take the test please. If there's nothing showing in the results, then I'll happily allow you to go on your way."

You consider complaining, but realise that this might be the quickest way to get out of the situation.

"Really?"

"I promise."

His manner seems to have softened a little now, and he's becoming quite amicable. He's not such a bad-looking kind of guy either. You nod and open the car door as he steps back, winding up the window and locking it.

"Do we really have to do it right here?" you ask.

"Where else would you suggest?"

"It's just here, on the roadside, in front of everybody... What happens if somebody I know drives past?"

You know it's unlikely, but he thinks for a moment and then nods, an idea having apparently occurred to him. He looks closely at you, up and down, and you can't help but feel as if you're being sized up as his eyes linger on your long, shapely legs...

"All right," he says. "How about you come into the back of the van, and then we can have you suck on it there."

You frown, puzzled.

"Suck? I thought you blow into them?"

He smiles.

"Oh yes. Of course. Sorry, my mistake."

He indicates for you to follow and walks to the back of the van. He opens the door and for a moment you are surprised by the fact that there are three people on the other side – a burly-looking brown haired officer of about forty, who looks at you with a curious but detached gaze; a young man of no more than about twenty who looks curious as to what is going on; and over in the corner at the end of the van a shy-looking blond WPC, who looks not at you but at the officer next to you, obviously a superior of hers. She too is no more than about twenty.

"In you get," the officer commands. You look back at him uncertainly.

"But..."

"Plenty of room," he assured you, stepping up into the back of the van and offering his hand to pull you up too. You wait for a moment and then take it, feeling the strong roughness of his grip as he hauls you up and then pulls the door shut behind you. It slams with a clang and then there is a click as it locks.

"What..."

"Told you there's be plenty of room," he says happily, taking one of the free seats on the right hand side of the van. A grill separates the back from the empty front seats, although there are small windows on the sides of the van providing more light. It's still very dark and cramped, however, and standing awkwardly in the middle of three police officers, you feel very much on show. A little tingle of something akin to anticipation runs through you at the idea...

"'Nother one of your fancy women then Craig?" the older constable laughs, winking, at his friend. 'Craig', the officer who pulled you over, laughs back and shakes his head. The younger officers are laughing too, but more nervously, not exactly sure what's going on.

"The lady here was speeding," Craig explains with a mock-reproachful tone in his voice.

"I told you, I..."

"She's come for the test," he adds, ignoring you.

"Ah, the test," the older officer replies, nodding sagely. "Can I give it?"

"Nah, I thought we ought to let young Andy do the honours. Call it a training exercise."

You look across at the young male officer – his eyes have lit up in anticipation, but he looks nervous, unsure.

"What do I have to do?" he asks.

"It's very easy mate," Craig explains. "You get the lady here to give a bit of a suck and a blow to see if she's fully in command of her faculties."

"Oh, right... What does she blow into?"

The two older officers burst out laughing.

"You ought to have that one figured out by now mate."

A look of realisation crosses his face, followed by a mixture of excitement and horror.

"Oh, right... I see, I... I mean, is it..."

"Hang on a minute here!" you shout. "What the hell's going on? You seriously want me to..."

"You want to be on your way don't you?" Craig asks, giving you a stern look.

"Well yes..."

"Well then."

You consider arguing, but the door is locked, and there are four of them. You glance at the female officer, hoping for some support, but she pretends she can't see you trying to catch your eye and fidgets nervously. Surely that isn't excitement you see in her?

Surely that isn't excitement you feel inside yourself? 

"It seems I have no choice," you declare, trying to sound calm and dignified while inwardly attempting to work out just why your pussy is suddenly beginning to feel so wet.

Craig and his friend whoop in delight at this, and he playfully slaps you on the backside.

"Good girl!" he declares. "Andy – spread your legs!"

Andy looks as if he's just won the national lottery, and eagerly spreads his legs wide. You realise by the look on his face that this could well be the first time anything like this has ever happened to him. You wonder if he's a virgin, and you even begin to feel a little endeared of him.

He's not much more than a teenager really.

"Get down between his legs love," Craig's friend instructs.

"I think I know how this works," you reply, to much laughter. You kneel down between Andy's legs, the bulge in his uniform trousers already obvious. He looks as if he could be pleasantly large. You can feel the eyes of the shy young WPC now directly behind you boring into you with intense, lustful interest, and you wonder whether it's Andy's crotch or your arse that's so excited her.

You look up into Andy's eyes, burning with excitement like those of a thirteen year-old who's just found the underwear section of the Kay's catalogue.

"Get it out then," you say as sweetly as you can. "I can hardly do this through your trousers, now can I?"

The other two men guffaw, but Andy is well past being embarrassed. This is the greatest moment of his life, and he practically rips open his trousers and boxers, a six-inch cock springing achingly hard into view.

You smile.

"Much better."

Taking his cock gently in your hands, you slowly, delicately, teasingly peal back his foreskin to fully reveal his throbbing, engorged, sensitive head. You want to you're your time, make it good – but of course, you always make it oh-so-good.

You flick your tongue against the very tip of his cock very quickly, and then back again in the other direction. Taking one last glance up at him, and accompanied by shouts of encouragement from the other two equally excited men, you slowly, achingly slowly, slide your lips around his head. Just his head at first, no further, your lips clamping shut around the top of it, enclosing it as your tongue flicks all around, your hair gently falling around your face and tickling his thighs.

His cock twitches reflexively in your mouth and he gasps with the unexpected pleasure of it. He's never felt anything remotely like this before in his life, and already the pre-cum is flowing as your tongue dances around the underside of his head, teasing and tasting. You slow the pace down a little, not wanting to have him cum before he has had time to start enjoying it properly. Besides, you want to get the chance to show off all the tricks in your arsenal, and the aching arousal deep inside of you won't be satisfied by a quick blowjob now.

You slowly begin to move down the length of his cock, your lips caressing his skin as your tongue slides gently around the hard flesh, pre-cum spilling down your throat as you take his length fully inside of you. Then you work your way slowly back up in the same manner, doing this again and again, getting ever so slowly faster and faster and increasing the pace with which your tongue licks and caresses him.

"Right, let's have these out."

It's Craig, who is sitting just to the right of you now, but you're so into the blowjob you closed your eyes and didn't even notice he was there. You're loving guzzling on this hard, eager cock, and you don't even care as Craig leans forward and rips open your shirt, a loose button flying off to be forever lost on the floor of the police van. Your bra is made equally short work of by Craig, who seems to be something of an expert in that field, and your hard, aroused breasts spring down freely.

"Lovely..." he breaths, moving so that he is standing over you with a leg across each side of your body, his hands reaching under and taking your breasts firmly into them. He gently kneads and caressed them as you continue to work as Andy's cock, and it's almost more than the poor boy can take as you slow the pace down and then speed it up again, your tongue working furiously at the oh-so-sensitive spot just under the head as your right hand gently caresses his balls, mirroring what Craig is doing so wonderfully to your breasts. 

Craig leans over and gently begins kissing the back of your neck as it moves up and down over Andy's lap, and suddenly you can feel your skirt being pulled up. It's Craig's friend, the oldest officer, standing somewhere off behind you and using a knife of some sort to cut your knickers free. They fall to the floor in tatters, but you're past caring about such things now, or indeed caring about anything else but the cock in your mouth, the hands on your breasts and the fire within your pussy.

"Christ, have a look at this mate," the older man says to Craig. "She's soaking!"

Craig laughs and much to your dismay breaks off from fondling your breasts, but the disappointment lasts for only a moment as suddenly he plunges two fingers into your exposed and wet pussy, feeling and probing you.

"God, she is," he agrees. "She needs seeing to there mate."

"Don't you want to...?"

"Nah, I'm happy with her tits for now."

His fingers are suddenly gone, leaving you feeling slightly empty, before suddenly they are replaced with his colleagues. He may have rougher manners to him, but he has an expert touch, gently teasing and stroking your lips and then massaging your clit before sliding two fingers inside you a short way. Pulling them out, he repeats his explorations and then goes back in a little deeper, doing this over and over, driving you insane with ecstasy and frustration to such a degree that you can barely concentrate on the bulging cock that is about to explode with cum into your mouth. You do, however, realise and almost squeal with delight as Craig's hands return to your breasts, a part of one of them now damp with your own hot, sticky pussy juices.

With a cock in your mouth, an expert hand teasing your pussy and equally expert hands massaging your breasts, it's hard for you to know what to do with yourself, but suddenly you feel the cock in your mouth pull back a little and then the hot, thick sticky cum explodes from the end of it in such a rampant jet that it flies straight over your tongue and hits the back of your throat. You go all around his head with your tongue, lapping up the remaining cum eagerly like a cat with the lid from a pot of extra thick double cream. 

Andy has sighed and sat back in his seat, spent and exhausted, but as you pull back with a thin line of cum briefly joining your lips to his cock head, you look up at him tenderly and then, with his still excited eyes locked onto yours you slowly, almost lovingly make a great show of swallowing his cum.

"Did you enjoy that?" Craig asks, leaning over and whispering into your ear.

"Oh God yes," you reply, before crying out as a lingering finger sends your engorged clit almost to boiling point.

"Good," he replies. "Because now it's Louise's turn."

Louise.

The girl.

Oh God yes, the girl.

Craig makes his friend stop as the two of them turn you around compliantly so it's her lap you're facing rather than Andy's. She's so young, only about nineteen or twenty, her pretty blond hair framing her face through which two wide, excited blue eyes stare.

"You like?" Craig asks.

You nod vigorously, past speech as the other man begins touching you again, this time with extra help from Andy's eager hands.

"Is it... all right?" Louise asks nervously.

You look her in the eyes and nod, smiling. She needs no further encouragement.

Her boots kicked off, her trousers come all the way off quickly, and soon only a pretty little pair of pink knickers remains between you and your prize. These are already damp, as sopping wet as yours must have been when they came off, if not even more so. She slides them off with glee and then sits back down, her legs spread wide, leaning back and with a look on her face for all the world like that of a child who'd just been presented with the greatest Christmas present of all time.

You lean forward, hoping not to disappoint her.

It's like an enticing banquet – you barely even know where to begin. You start with a quick, testing lick of her clit, and she sighs deeply and flinches as a wave of pleasure hits her. Oh yes, she's sensitive all right, as sensitive as you are as two pairs of hands work at your pussy and one at your breasts...

Except they don't. They have stopped. Curious, but working still at Louise as your tongue slides gently up and down her wet pussy lips, your questions are suddenly answered as you hear the sound of a zipper and then something very hard and firm pushes against your pussy.

Oh yes. 

You cry out straight into Louise's pussy, making her cry out in turn with the pleasure of your tongue slipping briefly inside of her, as the cock slides into your own pussy. There's no ceremony, no gentleness, only a sudden hard and fast and eager fuck and it's heaven, sheer heaven sliding in and out of you and getting faster and faster as your own orgasm begins to build.

You try and concentrate, try and give Louise the time of her life as she writhes in her seat, the damp patch beneath where she sits getting wetter and wetter, but it's hard. You work all your tricks, you tease and tickle her delicately with flicks of the tongue, you slide inside her and work at her like a miniature cock while massaging her with your fingers from the outside...

But then men are wonderfully eager to distract you from your work. Someone has suddenly slid under you like a mechanic sliding under a car, and from the enthusiastic but slightly clumsy way the hands begin to feel your breasts, you know right away that it's Andy. Which leaves one more...

A finger traces the line of your crotch above where you are being so soundly and hardly fucked, collecting pussy juice and suddenly working it into your arsehole. It's a pleasure, but only a functional one – there is more to come. He is preparing, readying you, and you know what for.

You almost cum just from the thought of it, but somehow you manage to keep yourself under control, just a little longer...

You don't know how they've managed it. One must be behind you, the other astride you just in front of his friend, but however it works it's heaven as a second zipper opens and suddenly, wonderfully, there is a cock in your arse as well as there being on in your pussy, and they are both expertly fucking you long and hard and fast while you eat out the cutest piece of pussy you've seen in a long time and a sweet young man does his best to give you a worthwhile tit massage.

Your eyes are closed, you're concentrating hard, you can feel Louise begin to squirm as she cries out and her orgasm takes hold, and suddenly that's enough to just push you right over the edge with her. One moment you're a rocketing flame of increasing pleasure, and then suddenly it's all too much, sensation overload.

For one brief moment it's so intense you can feel nothing.

Then the wave of the most powerful orgasm you have ever experienced hits you. Two hard cocks inside you, a cumming pussy on your tongue as you lap up the juices, and hands running over your hard breasts.

You scream and cry out an incoherent, animal sound. Craig and his friend cum with you, two sets of cock juice spilling into you and feeling you so wonderfully you think you might just split in two.

And then all too soon it's over, and you have collapsed exhausted onto the floor of the van, breathing hard, happy and satisfied... For now...

They leave you without saying a word. You are allowed to quickly dress yourself, and then you're gone. You exchange a brief smile with Louise, wonderful Louise, but that's all the acknowledgement there is that anything at all has passed between any of you. You climb down from the van, your clothes a complete mess, your legs weak from the tiring fucking you have received, and then they speed off, leaving you alone.
