 Chapter 1

Free Fantasy Fulfillment

Julie knocks on the hotel room door with Jada and Sue behind her. They plan on using their most successful approach to this. It almost always works and they hope it's a smooth transaction but you never know in their line of business. Suddenly the door swings open and the man they're looking for stands right in front of them. He's a tall, dark, and handsome with clear blue eyes and a muscular build. Julie can understand why other women would find him so desirable. She smiles seductively and says, "Hi there honey, we have a special delivery for Brad Nelson! Would that be you?"

Brad analyzes the situation checking them out looking up and down their seductive bodies. Jada wears a business suit while Julie and Sue dress in sexy tight clothes with thigh high boots. Brad is intrigued by them but is confused and says, "I didn't order anything but maybe I should have!"

Julie and the girls laugh with him and quietly reply, "We are here on behalf of the hotel to offer you our special complimentary service for VIPs. May we come in and explain?"

Brads eyes light up and he eagerly gestures them in saying, "Yeah, come in ladies!"

Once inside behind closed doors Jada takes control of the conversation and explains, "We're the entertainment and it's our job to provide you with fantasy fulfillment." Brad stares at them wondering what they mean. This is the moment when the girls get kicked out of the room or the freakiness begins! 

Brad contemplates the options and asks, "What do I have to do?"

Jada responds, "Its free, all you have to do is sit back and enjoy. We also have a gift for you." Jada gestures towards Sue who holds out a bottle of liquor for him. 

He reaches forward for it and smiles saying, "Mmmm, whiskey is my favorite!" He takes the bottle and gives it a good swig. 

Jada knows to keep things comfortable for their prey and asks, "Brad, my name is Miss J and these two lovely ladies are Peaches and Cream. They're bisexual and I'm a lesbian, we specialize in sex fantasy fulfillment. We are trained professionals who are medically tested and free of disease or STDs. Do you have anything in mind or would you like the Newbie Sampler tonight?"

Brad thinks this is too good to be true but finds the offer most tempting. He's curious and asks, "What's the Newbie Sampler?"

Jada replies, "It's a small sampling of the most popular requests we get like: hand jobs, oral sex, watching girls get it on, basic sex, anal sex, orgy action, domination, bondage, golden showers, and whatever else we have time for. " Brad takes another swig of his whiskey and ponders the possibilities.

The ladies get tired of all the explaining and just want to get the job done. Sue stands up and unbuttons her shirt, one at a time revealing a black satin corset underneath. She slowly slides her skirt down showing her sexy black g-string panties. Brad is mesmerized by the display and takes another drink of his whiskey. Julie stands up and seductively removes her clothing until she's just wearing a tiny black bra and panty set. Jada follows along with them removing her suit to reveal her leather red latex bra and panties. She yanks a whip from her giant bag and cracks it towards him. Their bodies are perfect and he can't resist his urge to dive in.

Brad stands back amazed by the sexy show before him and yells, "Bring it on girls!"

The ladies really have only one thing in mind and get to work immediately. Sue and Julie start by kissing each other and slowly caressing. Brad watches them intensely as Jada scopes out the rest of the room. She goes to the bed and empties her bag of toys arranging them around the tables. Julie and Sue lure Brad to the bed and Jada pushes him down. This is where they want him and all three pull at his clothes until he's naked.

Brad is overwhelmed by having three sexy young women ravage his body at once. The alcohol has numbed him but his cock still tingles and burns with desire. Peaches and Cream hold him on the bed taking turns working on his throbbing cock while Miss J steps into her leather strap-on harness. Brad is in an erotic trance watching the women entertain him. Miss J continues by putting on her black leather chaps and removing her bra. Brad can't take his eyes off her breasts as they wiggle and bounce while she forces a giant black dildo over the connector on her harness. Miss J jumps onto the bed holding her oversized rubber cock and hovers over him demanding, "Suck it bitch!"

Brad does as he's told and opens his mouth as she bangs her cock on the side of his face. She pokes at his hole and giggles wickedly saying, "You wanna feel me drill my massive black shaft deep in your hole, don't you Brad?" He nods his head yes while she forces her fake cock deeper into his throat. He gags and drools as he chokes on it but Miss J thinks it's funny. She pulls out of his mouth and says, "You suck at cock suckin, Brad!"

Jada stands and leaps off the bed causing her rubber cock to bounce up and down violently. Brad feels as though he's losing control of the situation which turns him on even more. Julie and Sue have been touching and sucking Brad's penis until he's fully erect. Sue is amazed at the size of his package; she guesses its nine inches long and two inches wide. Julie grabs his massive member and hops on top of him. She sits atop his shaft anxious to slide down and fights off Sue who wants to go first. Sue shouts, "Hey I had him first!"

Julie snickers at her saying, "I got here first!" She wiggles her butt and swivels her hips as Brads enormous cock pries her tiny pussy apart. She moans in pleasure as his oversized cock forces her open and slides into her eager pussy.

Jada sneaks behind Brad and snaps pictures with her cell phone while Julie slides down his towering penis. Sue watches Julie impatiently waiting her turn and decides to hurry things up. She rubs Julie's clit hoping to make her cum quickly and with the other hand she reaches around to feel how deep Brad's penis is inside her. She continues adding to their pleasure by rubbing with her hands until she gets tired of waiting. Her impatience builds as her pussy drools for cock and she doesn't want to wait any longer.

She notices Julie has a lot of Brads cock left to swallow and gets a sadistic idea. Sue slides behind Julie and lays her hands on her shoulders. She follows their thrusting motions for a moment then at the right time she forces Julie down onto Brads cock as hard as she can. Julie screams in pain as she's impaled by his 9 inch sword and instantly she leaps off of him. Julie shouts, "You bitch! That really fuckin hurts!"

Sue is pleased and says, "Me first. You got the last one, remember!" Julie knows what she means because the last guy they were with that had a huge cock came too quickly and Sue never got a chance with him. 

Brad is wondering what the fuck is going on as Sue climbs his mountainous cock and positions herself atop it. Slowly she slides down and hops up around feeling the size of him inside her. She moans in delight and says, "Your fuckin cock is spectacular sugar!" Sue rides Brad like a wild stallion bucking and thrashing about. Both of them moan as she dives deeper down his shaft taking almost all of him. 

Jada suspects he may be close to orgasm and gives them the sign as she readies the equipment. Julie crawls over Brads face and plants her pussy on his mouth saying, "I hope your better at clit sucking than you were at cock sucking!" Julie wraps her legs around his head cutting off his hearing and blocking his sight. 

Sue fucks the shit outta him as she squeezes her pussy muscles tightly around his cock waiting for it to begin twitching. Jada takes more pictures making sure they have enough proof of the encounter. She stands by ready with the harvesting tools and waits for Brad to blow his load.

Suddenly Sue jumps off him saying, "Shit! It fell out!" Jada pops her rocket shaped sperm harvesting tool over his twitching penis and holds the handles on each side as she pumps his throbbing cock with it. The fake pussy satisfies him just as a real one and they hear him moan in orgasm within seconds. He blows his sperm into the red colored rocket and the clear tip suddenly glows green. All the ladies smile knowing their job is done. Julie gets off Brads face after Jada hides the red rocket in her big bag and they quickly get dressed. 

Within a few minutes the toys are packed and the girls are walking out the door. Brad doesn't want them to leave and he begs, "Wait girls, I can do it again in five minutes and we can have more fun. Miss J please fuck me with your big black cock!"

Jada turns around and smiles saying, "We are out of time sweetie but your ass will be mine next time we come around!"

Brad is in awe and waves as they leave him wanting more and eagerly anticipates his next visit with Miss J and her Peaches and Cream. He has no idea that his sperm has just been stolen.

As soon as they take a few steps away from the hotel room door Jada flips open her phone and makes a call to the lesbian couple who wants Brad's sperm. She speaks loudly as they hurry through the hallways saying, "Hurry to the house and prepare for insemination!" 

Chapter 2

Red Rocket Insemination

The women rush home as quickly as possible making sure their product stays fresh and viable. Julie is still angry with Sue for stealing the cock time from her but now they only think about the money they're about to make. Within ten minutes the ladies are pulling into the driveway of their home and business. There are no signs on the doors here because everything is done discreetly without anyone knowing.

Jada grabs the bag and heads inside to prepare a bedroom for her lesbian customers that are due to arrive soon. Suddenly she hears the side door bell and knows they've arrived. Sue and Julie greet the lovely lesbian ladies at the door. Quickly they lead them to the back bedroom bringing them to Jada so they can finalize the deal. 

Jada spots them and says, "Hi Mary and Sara! How are you two doing today?"

Mary smiles excited about why they're there and replies, "We're so thrilled that you were able to get it!" Both women hold each other and bounce together ecstatically. 

Sara adds, "Thank you so much for this!"

Jada is happy to help them have a baby and explains the directions saying, "Now the best way to do this is the old fashioned way! The two of you have normal sex together and use the Red Rocket to inseminate Sara." Jada holds up the large collection device and Sara's eyes open wide as she wonders how it works. Jada unscrews the top pulling out the smooth center tube and attaches it to the outside. Now the collection tube is a phallic shaped penetration tool loaded with Brad's sperm. Jada shows them a row of buttons on the base and explains saying, "It vibrates with this button, wiggles with this one, and this big green one causes Brad's sperm to ejaculate from the dip. Push that one when Sara has an orgasm and make sure it's as deep inside her as possible! Hold her legs up afterward for as long as you can. Got it?"

Mary understands her perfectly and reaches for the large sperm loaded dildo. Jada smiles saying, "Good luck ladies and enjoy making your baby!" She quickly leaves the room closing the door behind her. 

Mary and Sara examine the insemination tool curiously as they try and get in the mood to make a baby. Mary asks, "Well sweetie, Are you ready to make a baby?"

Sara grins saying, "Oh yeah, I'm ready! Let's make a baby together with beautiful passionate mind-blowing sex!" Sara begins taking off her clothes one piece at a time. First she unbuttons her shirt slowly peeling it off her hardened nipples. Neither of them bothers wearing a bra ever! Then she slides down her pants and flops off her sandals, leaving her totally naked. 

Mary follows along and rips her clothes off as quickly as possible. Both women are young and shapely with long brown hair. They embrace and rub their breast together as they kiss intimately. Mary pushes Sara onto the bed and goes to work on her lovely body as she lies on her back. She kisses and caresses every inch of her as she works her way closer to the creamy pink center of her soft pussy. Mary moves lower and spreads Sara's legs far apart. She leans in and licks at Sara's clit flicking and sucking as she pulls the skin back over top of her juicy mound. With the hood of her clit pulled back Sara feels everything more intensely. Mary inserts a finger into Sara testing how wet she is and rubs her g-spot until her love juices flow freely. She grabs the penetration tool and gently rubs it against Sara's pussy. She moans and lifts her hips so Mary continues pushing the dildo inside her tight pussy. She turns on all the buttons except the green one and the big machine vibrates loudly. 

Unexpectedly Sara says, "Wow, its warm and it's loud!" 

Mary feels the tube and says, "I bet it's like that so the sperm stays alive. Open wide and swallow it deep Babe cuz here it comes the red rocket!" Sara squeals with excitement as Mary begins thrusting the dildo into her. She flicks her swollen clit with the other hand driving Sara crazy with desire. Slowly her vagina muscles relax with each pleasurable sensation and the dildo slides in deeper. 

Sara is in ecstasy and moans loudly, "Mmmmmm, Aaahhhh" Mary decides it's time for a little something extra and whips out a small vibrating bullet. She places it over Sara's clit knowing this will make her orgasm instantly. The combination of deep vaginal penetration with vibration and the bullet vibrating on her clit sends Sara over the edge. She yells as an intense orgasm washes over her body and fills her with extreme pleasure. Sara shouts, "I'm cumming!"

Mary pushes the green button and the mechanism inside the machine pushes the sperm forward very quickly. Sara's eyes open wide as the erotic moment is interrupted with a foreign noise. It makes a loud popping noise as the sperm is ejected out of the tip by high powered springs. 

Mary examines the contraption as she pulls it out and says, "This thing sounds like a kid's dart gun!" They both laugh as Mary removes it from Sara's swollen hot pussy and sets it aside. 

Mary grabs Sara's legs and pushes them over her head saying, "Hold your legs up for a while so it stays deep inside you." She bends Sara in half so her knees are near her ears and admires the view of her butt sticking out. Mary sits below her on the bed with arms pushing on Sara's legs until she gets a cramp and moves closer wrapping her arms around her. In this position she holds her tightly and Sara is almost totally upside down. Mary's face is right over Sara's pussy and she can't help but dive back in. She sucks on her swollen clit making Sara moan in pleasure again. 

She sucks and flicks her clit with her tongue while staring into each other eyes. Mary thinks that more orgasms could only help the situation and does her best to bring Sara to her peak again. Mary dives into Sara's pussy grinding her face into her sweet softness. Sara's moans and pulls the skin back from her clit allowing Mary to suck all of her. Within a few moments Sara is screaming in another orgasm and Mary smiles feeling satisfied that she has successfully impregnated her wife. The sperm may not be hers but she picked it out, had it harvested, and ejaculated it into her wife during an intense orgasm! In her mind she made this happen and if a child results from it, that life is here because she created it. 

Mary grabs pillows from the bed and props them under Sara's butt as she cuddles next to her. They kiss gently and Mary says, "I love you sweetie and I hope we just made our baby!"

Sara smiles from ear to ear extremely happy and responds, "I love you too honey and I like the Red Rocket too!" They laugh together amazed at what they just did to make a baby. 

Several hours later Jada begins to worry about her lesbian customers and knocks on the door. She hears them stir inside the room and Mary yells, "Yeah. Sorry we fell asleep."

Jada is relieved everything is okay and replies, "You can get up now it's been a while. Can the two of you meet me in the living room when you're ready?"

Mary replies quickly, "Yes Ma'am, be right there!" 

Jada hears them slowly waking up from a restful sleep and leaves to meet them in the living room. There is a matter of the bill for the insemination and Jada wants to discuss future services. She carefully lays everything out on the coffee table and waits for her customers.

After a few moments they glide down the stairs and Mary says, "Hi Jada, sorry we fell asleep but it was awesome!" They all laugh together and Jada leads them to sit at the couch. They sit down and look at all the papers in front of them.

Jada smiles and says, "Sorry but here is the bill. It's the same as the quote I gave you of $5000 dollars. I hope we can take care of this today but if not I can send you the bill due in thirty days. 

Mary and Sara are so happy with their experience that Mary pulls a thick wallet from her inside coat pocket. She opens it and whips out a pile of cash saying, "Please count it and make sure it's all there."

Jada smiles saying, "No need for that but I would like to talk with you about my other services you might be interested in."

Mary answers curiously, "Of course, what other wonderful services do you have besides the Red Rocket!"

Jada clears her throat and says, "If you don't get pregnant the first time you can try again at a 25% discount. But chances are good that you will only need one try! You can get an early pregnancy test and check in a couple days. If you do get pregnant and want a natural child birth I offer vaginal stretching services." Mary and Sara's eyes widen as they imagine the horror of vaginal stretching. Jada knows this shocks people sometimes and explains further saying, "Now it's actually better than not stretching at all and getting ripped apart by your baby's football sized head. You start small by yourself at home and then as the size gets larger you need the supervision of a professional like me."

Mary and Sara look at each other a little bewildered by Jada's offer. She hands them a pamphlet and says, "This explains it in more detail. Take it home and discuss it. If you're interested just let me know." Jada smiles warmly at the women trying to appear as professional as possible by wearing a fancy business suit and holding a briefcase. She puts the handful of cash in her case and snaps it closed. 

Mary responds, "Thank you for everything and we'll let you know if we need to do this again or stretch for the delivery!" The women get up and hold hands as Jada leads them to the door. 

Jada declares, "Thanks again ladies, let me know if it worked!" The women smile and wave as they leave heading for their car. Jada watches them pull away then returns inside the house to split the cash with the girls. 

Sue and Julie are waiting inside and are excited about getting paid for a job well done. Jada walks in the room and opens the briefcase on the table. She counts out a thousand for Sue and a thousand for Julie. She reminds them saying, "Remember why we do the cut this way girls. I do most the work I earn most of the money. It's my equipment and my business. I arrange all of this and you two work for me. Enjoy the money girls because a thousand dollars for a few hours work isn't bad at all!"

Sue and Julie are pleased with their cut and head to the shopping mall. Jada takes her three thousand and stuffs it in her secret safe. She's more concerned about setting up the next deal than spending her hard earned cash. She sits at her computer and checks her email for more jobs stealing sperm. She is obsessed with making her business thrive and being the best sperm thief she can be!