 Alex rolled over in bed and sighed. 

He'd been working overtime at the law firm and he was grateful for any chances of sleep that he could get. There was a big trial that had the potential to bring a lot of rain for the firm, but it meant that everybody had to work a lot harder than usual to make it happen. 

Quietly, Alex reflected thoughtfully on his life. 

He supposed that he should consider himself extremely lucky to be where he was -- he had always been clever and bright, and did well at whatever he did. He had had a satisfying sex life, so no problems there. And yet, despite that, he felt that he was at an age where he was missing something. Something that he yearned for but couldn't quite place.

Sighing again, he rolled back over and gently traced a finger around Alice's nipples.

Alice had been his steady girlfriend for over a year now. This was an achievement, because Alex had never had a steady girlfriend. Just loads and loads of girls.

Alex owed a lot to Alice, for it had been her and another girl who had gently guided him through his virginity five years ago. That night, he had been transformed from a shy, humble young boy into a strong and proud man. Ever since though, those two girls, Alice in particular, had remained idols for him, and he had longed to meet them again.

When he did, he and Alice had stuck like glue, and it wasn't long before Alex asked her out and it became official. 

He remembered that night clearly.

He took her out to an expensive restaurant with champagne and asked her out. She had said yes, and all else was forgotten in the delirium of happiness that engulfed Alex. They had left the restaurant and spent a sleepless night at Alice's apartment making sweet love. It was only when Alex was with her, that he felt...complete. Whole. The yearning he felt was somehow sated in her laugh, in her eyes, in her body. 

"Mmmmm..." said Alice sleepily, breaking Alex out of his thoughts. "That feels good."

Alex bent his head down and lightly kissed her chest, savouring the taste of her warm skin. 

Alice tousled his hair gently without opening her eyes.

"I was just thinking about the night I asked you out," said Alex, moving his kisses upwards to her collarbone and neck.

"Were you?" yawned Alice. "Jesus...you were so formal I thought you were going to ask me to marry you!"

Alex suddenly blew a raspberry on Alice's neck and she laughed.

"I'm going for a shower OK?" said Alex in her ear.

"Alright then. I 'spose I should be getting up to..." sighed Alice.

Alex kissed her deeply on the mouth, and felt the world melt away.

He rolled off the bed and headed for the shower, closing the door behind him.

The rustling of the sheets of Alice getting up were lost in the downpour of water as he turned on the hot water. Stepping under, he took up the soap and began washing his face vigorously.

Suddenly, he felt the soft bite of fingernails on his bare back, tracing their way up and down his spine. Smiling, but not stopping, he let the fingers continue to roam their way about his body. He felt hands curling around his growing erection, and the sudden thrill of what was unmistakably a tongue glide across it.

"What would you do if this was a complete stranger doing this," he heard Alice ask.

"Well," Alex said. "If it was, I'd tell her to watch out because my girlfriend has a mean right hook!"

Alice laughed, then took Alex's whole dick in her mouth.

Alex fell back against the wall. His hands stoked her soft hair as it began to get slowly wet from the shower. No matter how many times she did this, it was always different, she always kept him guessing. It was something about her subtle tongue movements or how she gripped him in her mouth, but she always varied it. Alex never knew what to expect when Alice went down on him, but he always loved every second of it.

He pulled her up. She let his dick slide out of her mouth, then let it run across her body, down her neck, between her breasts and down her stomach, as she stood up.

Alex pressed her hard against the wall and began kissing down her body, even gently biting her along the way. Alice gasped every time he did this, and when he nipped the inside of her thigh, she was positively shaking in anticipation. 

Alex gazed at the small tuft of hair before his eyes, and knew that there was nothing more beautiful to him in the world. With gusto, he dove in, deploying every technique in his arsenal to bring Alice to a writhing orgasm.

She hooked a leg over his shoulder, letting the soft inside of her thigh rub against his cheek. Alex felt his erection grow even more at this intimate entwining contact, and it spurred him on even more.

It wasn't long until Alice shuddered and arched her back, collapsing into Alex's arms.

Panting slightly, she said "You always give me the very best orgasms Alex."

Alex had always loved having sex in the shower. The sensations of somebody else's slick, wet body pressed against his were always almost polar opposites to the sensations of making love in bed.

This time was no exception. 

As he sat on the shower floor, the water still pouring down on his head, and Alice positioned herself with her legs clamped tightly around his waist preparing to take his dick inside of her, Alex watched water rivulets slide down the voluptuous curves of her breasts, shoulders and legs. He leaned in and kissed all of them, delighting in the fact that for every one he kissed, ten more rained down from above. 

Alice was ready. She slowly bent her knees and pressed down on his dick, and Alex's legs pressed up hard against her back as she settled in her sitting position. He could feel himself being massaged by the velvety cushions of her pussy and he wrapped his arms tightly around her, pulling her to him so that her body was pressed against his.

They looked into each others eyes. 

"Do you know what day it is?" asked Alice softly.

"I do," said Alex, equally as softly. "Tonight, seven years ago, you and Johanna were making love to me."

Alice began moving up and down, sliding her body slowly up against Alex's. He could feel her nipples rubbing against his chest. The friction between their bodies got steadily stronger.

"And...do you know what we're going to be doing tonight?" whispered Alice, beginning to tremble as her movements got slowly faster.

"No...I don't," whispered Alex, clutching Alice hard to him. Alice's pace was growing quicker, and her motions jerky and erratic. He could literally feel the warmth mounting inside both of them.

"We...are going...to...do it...again...OH!"

And with that, Alice pressed herself down hard on Alex and buried her face in his neck, biting his shoulder hard to keep from crying out as wave after wave of orgasm shook her.

Alex skipped work that day. He knew he was risking a lot, but called in sick anyway. 

After the sex had finished, they had gotten shaky-legged out of the shower and gotten dressed. Alice refused to say anything more about that night, but none-the-less spent the day wrapped tightly in Alex's arms. They didn't make love, but Alex enjoyed the closeness.

At 6.30, there was a knock on the door and Alice jumped up out of Alex's lap to answer it. Alex felt a constriction in his chest from nerves and excitement. He didn't usually get nervous, but the last time Alice had organized something like this he had ended up having amazing sex with three women, so he felt justified in experiencing jitters. 

It was Ashleigh.

Alex felt a thrill of delight at this. Ashleigh was a very beautiful girl with long flowing black hair. Tonight she was wearing a strapless midnight blue top and tight fitting beige three-quarter pants. Both items worked perfectly together, accentuating her heavenly curves, and had the added bonus of revealing a faint panty-line when Alex examined her ass.

Ashleigh smiled when she saw Alex.

Alex smiled back.

"Well," she said casually. "I can't say I wasn't curious when Alice called me."

"Are you kidding?" Alex laughed. "We had a blast last time we were together!"

The next knock on the door came about ten minutes after Ashleigh's arrival.

It was Johanna, but she was accompanied by a stunning woman Alex had never met before.

"Happy anniversary," said Johanna smiling and hugging Alex. "This is Erin. We're lovers."

"Wha..." Alex nearly fell over. "Lovers?!"

"Yes. I was never really satisfied with men -- except you of course, love -- so I thought I'd try something new." Johanna grinned broadly. "When Alice called, Erin was very excited so I brought her along. Having a lesbian life unfortunately leaves something to be desired when it comes to penises." 

They all took seats in the living room.

Alex could hardly breathe from excitement. Four girls. FOUR!

Alice had outdone herself yet again.

"So," she said, rubbing her hands together. "Thank you all for coming. There's water and juice in the fridge if anyone gets thirsty. Just help yourself. As some of you know, I've organized this little gathering because on this day seven years ago myself and Johanna humped Alex and stole his virginity. A lot has happened since then, but I thought we could start the night with a game. Just like the other nights."

A game. Alex was intrigued. 

"A game sounds fun," said Ashleigh.

Alex looked at her. She had a light red flush creeping onto her face, and Alex wondered if she had been with any other women since the last time they had met. From the way her nipples were starting to emerge from through her top and the way her leg shook slightly when she moved them, he doubted it.

"OK then," said Alice. "Here's how it works. Alex gets naked..."

"I like it so far," grinned Johanna and Erin laughed.

"Alex gets naked and closes his eyes. We then each go down on him and he has to try and guess who it is. For every wrong guess he makes, we all have to loose an item of clothing."

Alex looked again at Ashleigh. Unlike the others, who had scarves and over-shirts, a few wrong guesses and she'd be completely naked!

"For every right guess, he gets to go down on the person who went down on him. It's a win-win," Alice finished.

Alex virtually tore off his clothes. Years of sexual training meant that he was acclimatized to most clothed women, so his cock was still flaccid. 

He sat on the couch and closed his eyes.

Instantly, he heard a lot of giggling as the girls decided who would go first.

A few moments later, Alex felt his dick being taken in somebody's hand and warm lips closing on it.

He knew immediately who it must be. Although she was very beautiful, Alex had got the impression when he had first met her that Ashleigh didn't get with many men. This meant that she was less willing to try new things in bed and, even though a blowjob seemed like a very simple thing to do, Alex doubted she had much experience with it. 

The mouth that was going down on him moved erratically in hasty, jerky movements that were reminiscent of somebody who must have known what a blowjob looked like, but was totally incapable of performing it.

Although there was absolutely no doubt in Alex's mind that it was Ashleigh, he didn't want to pass up the chance of getting four girls going down on him.

"Johanna?"

All the girls laughed.

"Sorry!" said Alice. "Come on girls. No peeking now Alex!"

Alex heard the ruffling of clothes being removed.

"OK. Who's next?" 

The next mouth to close on his cock was smooth and confident. She had one hand wrapped around the base of his dick and the other stroking his thigh. 

He thought about it for a moment.

Although he knew Alice never sucked him off the same way twice, this was something new and different. The mouth was performing a variety of activities -- the tongue was massaging the head of his dick, while the lips were rapidly changing shape as they ran along his length, resulting in a very interesting sensation. This was completely opposite to Ashleigh. This was someone who knew what they were doing.

"Ashleigh?"

All the girls laughed again.

"Wrong again Alex!" said Alice cheekily.

The next set of lips to embrace him felt warm and firm. 

Alex had had the pleasure of receiving blowjobs from three of the girls present tonight, but this was like nothing he had experienced before. It wasn't painful as such, just...rough. This one had to be the new girl, Erin.

Feeling that it was about time he gave something back, Alex said "Erin?"

There was more laughter and Alice said "Yes that's right. You can open your eyes now."

Alex opened them.

Having lost two of the three rounds, the girls had had to strip off two items of clothing.

Alice had lost her shoes and t-shirt. She was sitting on the arm of the chair in a red lace bra.

Johanna and Erin had both lost their scarves and over-shirts, so they were still basically fully clothed in skirts and sleeveless tops.

But Ashleigh had suffered the most. Having no other clothing, she had been forced to remove her top and pants. To Alex's utmost delight, she had not been wearing a bra, and now sat on the floor in a pair of white cotton panties with her arms folded over her nipples.

Alex looked down at his dick, which was coated in three layers of saliva.

"Wow! That was...that was AMAZING!" Alex said enthusiastically. 

"Now it's your turn," said Erin, lying back and spreading her legs.

There was really no other word for it. Erin was stunning. 

She looked a little like Alice five or so years ago. She was slightly chubby, petite and short. But for what she lacked in height, she made up for in outstanding looks. She had grey eyes and a sort of upturned nose that gave her a cute look that you would associate normally with someone much younger. She had deep, dark red hair and had the fringe pulled back to give her a graceful, slick look.

Her body was just as fantastic. Alex liked chubby. It was what drew him to Alice all those years ago. She still had all the curves that drove him crazy though, and the way she was laying back, her legs spread invitingly apart, Alex like what he saw.

He immediately reached under her skirt beneath her ass, being careful not to get too carried away -- that was for later. He grasped her panties and pulled them off her, down her shapely legs. He then rolled up her skirt and took a look at what he was going to be eating. Like most lesbians, in Alex's experience, she was a lot more in tune with her partner's feelings, and consequently did a lot more to try and please her. She had shaved herself almost completely, save a small tuft in the shape of a V as if pointing to where her partner had to go. 

Alex didn't need directions, so he began kissing Erin's inner thigh, moving closer and closer to her pussy. 

Erin arched her back and moaned.

Alex kissed the lips, and then moved in with his tongue. He started shallow, then pressed deeper. And deeper. 

It was like he was in autopilot. He had made love with his mouth so many times with Alice it had become natural. It wasn't long before he was unconsciously deploying some of his best moves. It was sending Erin absolutely balmy. She rocked and gasped and grabbed Alex's head, grinding her hips into his face.

The other girls were all staring.

It wasn't long before Alex felt Alice's eyes on the back of his skull, and he hastily finished Erin off.

He emerged with Erin's juices dripping from his face.

Erin looked sweaty and exhausted, and Alex guessed that no matter how good lesbian-love was, he had just given her a reason to still like men.

"Alright Alex," said Alice.

Alex looked at her. She looked sort of strained.

"Sit back on the couch and we'll continue the game."

Alex sat back down and closed his eyes.

Immediately, when he felt the first set of lips on his very stiff dick, he knew that he had made a very good choice completely by accident.

By giving the other two girls a look at what would probably be in store if Alex went down on them, they were very eager to make it easy for him to guess who it was sucking him off.

The girl that was going down on him now was moaning, and let her hair brush against his thigh.

Alex smiled inside. It was Johanna.

Well they would just have to wait.

"Alice?"

Alice punched his arm playfully, but still a bit harder than was due from a playful punch.

Alex knew exactly who it was next. He knew that mouth, that tongue, those lips. He would know them ANYWHERE. 

Feeling he should probably make it up to her, he guessed Alice.

Alice was now down to her bra and panties. They were both red lace and her panties had a little bow on them.

Johanna and Erin had decided to quit the caution and had both removed their tops, and Ashleigh, who had no other choice, was now stark naked.

Ignoring the other girls though, Alex zeroed in on Alice's crotch. 

There was no stopping him. He pulled out all the stops. He was on fire!

Alice was soon bucking involuntarily, which Alex used to his advantage.

He went all the way with her.

He quickly, but satisfactorily, brought her to a spine-tingling orgasm.

He kissed Alice on the lips, then got up. 

"I'm sick of this. And I'm sure you all are too."

At his words, Erin and Johanna began snatching off each others clothes, collapsing into a 69-er position.

Alex knelt by Ashleigh, who was shivering slightly and had goose-bumps. 

He kissed her neck, and she allowed him to lower her to the ground where he began kissing her chest and tracing fingers around her nipples.

He ran his hands all over her body, delighting in how very smooth and supple her skin was. She was also very warm, and when Alex climbed on top of her she stopped shivering.

He was lying in the classic missionary position, his cock pressed hard and deep against her abdomen. She snuggled into his shoulder, closing her arms around him. 

Alex could hear Johanna and Erin moaning and gasping to each other and pulled his head out of Ashleigh's neck to have a look.

Erin was on top and Johanna had her legs clamped tightly on her head. Both had their arms wrapped around the other and gripped their ass tightly as they went down together. Alice was kneeling next to them, smothering them both in kisses and touch, gently and expertly assisting in giving them extra powerful orgasms.

Alex turned his attention back to Ashleigh.

She was so beautiful. And when she wanted to be, she was soooooo sexy.

She clasped her legs snugly around his waist, hooking her feet together at the small of his back. Alex rocked back and forth, rubbing his cock against her smooth skin. That alone would have been enough to make him climax if it wasn't for Erin and Johanna, who at that moment brought each other to orgasm.

They got up, sweaty and disheveled, and both sat on top of Alex and Ashleigh like cowgirls. 

Ashleigh made a noise of surprise at the extra weight, but made no complaint as both Erin and Johanna started kissing and exploring her and Alex's bodies. 

Alex felt Erin kiss her way down his ass and over his legs, sliding hands up and down and under his waist, her fingers darting over his dick and into Ashleigh's pussy, making her gasp and moan. Johanna was sitting on Alex's shoulder blades, grinding herself into his back. Her hands were stoking his and Ashleigh's faces, roaming down over their chests. 

Not wanting to be left out, Alice wandered around them all, butting in whenever she could to help things move along.

After about fifteen minutes of this, Alex shrugged off Johanna and Erin and got off Ashleigh, running his hands along the insides of her thighs. 

He lay on his back next to the wall, and immediately Erin climbed onto his throbbing cock. She turned sideways, so that there was a leg in front of her and a leg behind her, and slowly pushed her way onto him into a sitting position. She then put her legs either side of Alex's left leg and lent back against the wall, putting all her weight on Alex's groin.
