 Alex was living the high life. Babes, bucks and business: he had it all. Everyday he'd go to his high paying job then retire in the late hours of the night to a pub to pick up a woman to have his way with. Or a bar. Or a party. Or a restaurant. 

Yes, it was fairly safe to say that Alex had it much better than most people.

And yet, whenever he lay in bed with the girl of the night after sex, he always felt his mind drifting back to that fateful night at the party.

He had been so nervous that night, but those two girls had been the gatekeepers to this wonderful world in which he now lived. He could not help but idolise them for that, and wished he could track them down for another night and show them all the things he had learnt since he had gone home the following morning. 

But, he had learnt, wishing for things did not make them true, and that you just had to wait...and opportunities come to you.

And it just so happened, one night when entering one of his favourite haunts, he spotted immediately a large group of women drinking copious amounts of alcohol and being very loud. 

Alex scanned the faces -- their were a few women there he'd go with, but with a group that large he'd have to play his cards just right to lasso one of them. 

Deciding at last that he had all night to play the field, he made his way to the bar.

The barman, Teddy, was a good friend of Alex's, and often saw him in his bar, and helped out when he could.

"Large Hen's Night over there Alex," he said, preparing his usually entrée drink. "You might be lucky: there's not a woman alive more horny than when she's about to see her best mate get hitched."

Alex grinned.

"I'll remember that Ted."

The night passed slowly. The girls in the group got louder and more rowdy as the night wore on. Alex watched carefully, waiting for one to detach herself from the group.

At last, on girl in a tight blue strapless dress came over to the bar, and Alex pounced.

"Great night for it," he said casually.

She looked around at him and her eyes narrowed. 

"Do I know you?" she said slowly.

Alex seriously hoped not. Although he loved every girl his was with like she was the only one, he went through them rather hastily, often leaving them after only a single night. The result of this casual sex was that he had trouble placing faces (there were, after all, so many), and he very much hoped he hadn't approached a girl he had already fucked. They had a tendency to be rather snippy with him.

All right, they hated his guts for leaving them and not calling.

"No," he replied innocently. "I'm sure I'd remember a face like yours."

The girl smiled, showing remarkably white teeth.

"Is that a compliment or a put down?" she asked.

"Which do you think it is?" said Alex, again, very innocently.

"I think...I'll choose to take it as a compliment," she said, laughing. She reached out a hand, which Alex shook.

"I'm Alex," he said.

But before she could reply, another of the girls pulled away from the mob.

"What's taking you so long with those drinks?"

Alex dropped his glass, which shattered all over the floor.

It was Alice.

Alice, one of the girls who had so gently guided his way through his virginity at the party that night.

Alice spotted Alex, and let out a shriek of delight.

"Alex!" she cried, coming over and giving him a hug. "It's wonderful to see you!"

"A-and you!" stuttered Alex. "You look great!"

"Oh thank you!" she said modestly, but the truth was, she really did look fantastic.

It had been three years since that party, and in that time Alice had lost a lot of the puppy fat that she'd had on the night. She was wearing a long, flowing silver gown that showed off her well defined curves.

The girl who had come for drinks, coughed.

"Oh this is Ashleigh Alex. She works with me."

They shook hands again, but Alex's heart was only half in it.

Now that he was once again paired with one of the angels from that night, he had no interest in anything apart from sleeping with her.

Whether Alice knew it or not, she was going home with Alex tonight. 

"So...who's getting married?" he said.

"Oh...my younger sister," she said gloomily. "The wedding's next week."

"Why is that such a bad thing?" asked Alex, in fake confusion, although he knew the answer.

"Oh well both of my sisters have now tied the knot and I'm the only one left over..."

Alex listened. And he listened. AND he listened.

Alice talked and talked, pausing only to sip from her tequila and tonic. Ashleigh had also taken a seat and was listening kindly, casting furtive glances at Alex, taking in his roughish good looks and kind eyes.

Finally, at around eleven o'clock, Alice talked herself out. 

Depressed, she looked into Alex's eyes.

As if making up her mind about something, she placed a hand on Alex's thigh.

"Do you want to get out of here? You know...for old time's sakes?"

This was exactly what Alex wanted to hear, and agreed immediately, downing his drink in one.

Ashleigh looked disappointed, and an idea occurred to Alex.

"You know Alice," he said quietly, slipping up behind her and sliding a hand over her backside. "Last time...there were two of you..."

Alice looked around and her eyes immediately fell upon Ashleigh, and could hardly fail to misread the look of longing on her face.

After a few quick words, they both farewelled their friends, who were by now too drunk to tell each other apart, and left the bar, Alex in between them.

While driving on the way back to his place, Alex congratulated himself on having such a brilliant idea.

He had had threesomes before, excluding his first, and was once even lucky enough to participate in a foursome with three ladies, all air hostesses.

That had been a good night.

It was his experience that when those fortunate instances occurred, you didn't really have to do anything. Women who are horny enough to want to have a foursome usually took control.

They arrived at Alex's apartment and he took their coats, casting them on the hatstand. 

"Do you girls feel like a nightcap?" he asked humbly.

They agreed and he went into the other room to get them all drinks. When he returned, Alice was finishing a phone call from her mobile.

He handed them their drinks.

Alice put her phone back into her bag and looked up at Alex.

"Right. Well, Johanna's on her way. She should be here in about 15 minutes."

Alex choked on his drink.

"Johanna?"

"Yeah. It seems only right that we should invite her if we're going to do this again," said Alice, smiling.

"Sorry..."said Ashleigh cautiously. "But...what's happening again?"

Alex laughed, and Alice explained.

"Three years ago my boyfriend held a very exclusive party that he invited all of his closest friends to come to. He also invited Alex here for a joke..."

"What?!" spluttered Alex.

"Oh...yeah...sorry about that. Anyway, the reason it was so exclusive was that instead of playing normal games like cards or monopoly, we played sex games. I think Alex was very shocked when he found out what he had been gotten into," she laughed.

"Hell yeah! I was scared out of my wits. I'd never been with a girl before you see," Alex explained, seeing the confused look on Ashleigh's face. 

"And we played Spin the Bottle...only instead of having to kiss, the two people the bottle pointed at had to have sex. It was a great way to have fun (we were young after all) and satisfy ourselves without having to deal with the pressure of relationships," continued Alice. "Anyway, Alex was the first one to get picked and, on the second spin, it landed between Johanna and me. So he got both of us.

Alice grinned.

"You know Alice..." said Alex, another brilliant thought coming to him. "We should do that again. Play Spin the Bottle I mean."

Alice looked intrigued. "But there aren't enough of us..."

"We could change the rules," he said, thinking fast. "You wouldn't have to have sex...we could just have simple stuff like 'take off your shoes' or 'run around the room'"

"That doesn't sound like much fun," said Ashleigh, coyly.

"Well I guess it depends on the kind of dare you choose," said Alice, raising an eyebrow. "Doesn't it?"

"OK," said Ashleigh. "Let's do it!"

Johanna arrived about five minutes later, and Alice and Ashleigh quickly explained what the rules were. Alex got an empty beer bottle out of the trash and hurried into the living room, where they all sat on the floor in a circle, Ashleigh on his left and Johanna on his right. He placed the bottle in the middle, pointing the neck directly at himself.

"Who gets to go first?" asked Johanna.

"Let the bottle decide," said Alex mysteriously, and spun it.

It turned around several times and landed on Alice.

"Alice gets to go first," said Alex.

Alice went into a kneeling position and spun the bottle. It landed on Alex. 

"OK, so I get to dare whoever the bottle lands on next," he explained.

Alice turned the bottle again, and it stopped, pointing at Ashleigh.

Alex was quite happy about this. 

Although he was far more interested in Alice and Johanna, now that he looked carefully at her body, he longed to see what lay underneath her silky blue dress. 

She was very tanned and had brown eyes and brown hair, which she had up in an elegant knot.

"OK Ashleigh..." said Alex thoughtfully. "I dare you to...take off your shoes and stockings!"

Obediently, Ashleigh took off her high heels and rolled off her stockings, revealing very brown legs and dainty looking feet.

"OK, now it's Ashleigh's turn 'cause she completed the dare," declared Alex, who was making up the rules as he went along.

Ashleigh reached over and spun the bottle. It landed on Johanna. Another spin and Ashleigh was again picked to be dared.

"I think this game is unfair," she said frowning, but let her hair down so that it flowed over her shoulders like Johanna told her to.

She spun it again and it landed on Alice and a second spin had the bottle point squarely at Alex.

There was a glint in Alice's eye.

"Let's make this game more interesting..." she said. "Alex: take off your shirt and show us your chest!"

Smiling, Alex pulled off his shirt, and Ashleigh gasped.

He had come a long way since the party. The size of his tight, rippling abs was eclipsed only by the size of his arms, which wove and wound down to his hands.

Smiling broadly now, he spun the bottle, knowing that he had all the girl's attentions. 

It landed on himself. He spun it again and the neck of the bottle pointed at Alice.

"Payback will be sweet," said Alex, still grinning. "Take off your dress."

Alice slowly stood up and with Johanna's assistance, undid the zip at the back of her dress, allowing it to fall in a small pile at her feet.

It was Alex's turn to gasp.

His eyes travelled upwards along her shapely legs over her midnight blue panties and up her smooth, supple back.

Alice turned around and sat back down with her legs crossed.

Before he could sneak a look between her legs, she leaned over and spun the bottle.

Once again it landed on Alex and decided he was to dare Johanna. 

"Kiss Ashleigh," Alex instructed.

Johanna looked at Ashleigh, as if asking permission. She shrugged and leant over the bottle to meet Johanna's lips. The kiss started off timid, but grew stronger and more passionate as the girls got used to the taste of each other. Finally, they broke apart, Ashleigh looking a little embarrassed.

"Bravo," said Alex, who was beginning to get very hard. "I think you might be getting a taste of what bi-sexual life is like!"

Alice had to dare Johanna next.

Her eyes glinting again, she said boldly: "I want you to finger me. But," she said quickly, "Alex is not allowed to cum for one minute. He must be looking right at it while it happens. If he does, he has to try not to cum for another minute, but with Ashleigh kissing me at the same time."

She looked happily over at Alex. 

"Got it?"

"Yep," said Alex, and reached into his pants and pulled out his dick.

Johanna moved next to Alice, and put her hand down the front of her panties. The moment her fingers touched her skin, Alice began to moan desperately, spreading her legs wide to that Alex had a clear view. 

She moaned again, throwing her head back, and Alex had to concentrate hard on not cumming right then.

Johanna's fingers were moving rapidly around under Alice's panties. Alex could hear Ashleigh breathing hard, and wondered if she had ever seen something like this before. He wondered if she had ever been with another woman -- 

No! He mustn't think about that as he felt the orgasm rise within him.

He instead focussed his attention upon the thing his eyes were looking at, and immediately cursed his foolishness, for Alice's moans and cries were now even louder, and Johanna had started kissing her stomach and chest.

Desperately, Alex suddenly asked: "Who's timing me?"

Alice stopped moaning and started laughing, falling back onto the ground. Johanna and Ashleigh started laughing as well, and Alex, who felt indignantly that this was not funny, reached over and stroked Ashleigh's soft brown hair.

Looking into his eyes and realising what he was about to do, she asked softly: "But what about the game?"

"The game is over..." said Alex, and kissed her. He kissed her like he kissed all of the girls he was with. Like she was the only one.

Ashleigh recognised the passion and lay down, not breaking lips with Alex, who ran a hand from her feet slowly upwards under her dress. Soft whimpering told him that Johanna had continued to finger Alice - for real this time.

Alex's hand was now far up Ashleigh's dress and his fingertips met the velvety soft fabric of her panties. Ashleigh kissed Alex with extra passion at this moment, signalling to him that he was OK to do whatever he was about to do.

Alex reached up and pulled them down around her legs to her ankles.

He broke the kiss and began kissing down her body. Her cheek, her neck, her collarbone, her chest...

He continued to kiss down her dress to her exposed legs. Her thigh, her inner thigh...

Ashleigh gasped loudly as Alex's tongue did its work. Her hands ran through his hair, pressing his face deeper into her crotch and moaning.

"I see...you've remembered...what we told you," said Alice, panting hard. It seemed that Johanna, still with her fingers deep within Alice, was bringing her to the cusp of orgasm then letting it subside, only to bring her to the cusp of another orgasm. This action resulted in Alice becoming very red in the face and her knees shaking slightly from the prolonged experience.

Alex took a peak out from between Ashleigh's legs.

"You have...to go down...on a woman first -- oh!" Alice clutched her legs together tightly over Johanna's hand, which had finally brought her to a massive, bone-shuddering climax.

Alex, returning his head to between Ashleigh's legs, resumed his tongue magic, making her squirm and writhe in ecstasy. He suddenly felt lips caressing his bare back, and hands moving all over his body. Alice and Johanna had joined the fray. 

Alice, leaning over and whispering in Alex's ear, said: "There are some pleasures that we can only get from a man..."

Alex, quickly finishing off Ashleigh, turned around and lay with his head resting on her crotch between her legs and kissed Alice desperately, feeling Johanna moving down and opening the fly of his trousers. Alice broke the kiss and stripped off her soaking panties, casting them aside. She moved upwards and knelt right over Alex's face, who got the idea and began going down on her. Alice began moaning again, and leant over to Ashleigh, who was recovering from the major tongue lashing she had just received. Alice began to ease Ashleigh's dress upwards and over her head, throwing it away to join her panties. She then began kissing and touching her, starting at her curvaceous hips, moving upwards across her flat stomach and heaving chest to her curved breasts which peaked with fully erect nipples and dollar-sized areola. Alice delighted in how very smooth Ashleigh's skin was, which made her hands all the more mobile when exploring her exquisite body.

While all of this was happening, Alex had two women attached to either end of his body. At his head, he had Alice kneeling over his face, and his tongue was working overtime, employing all of the techniques he had learnt since he and Alice had been separated. On the other end, he had Johanna, whose head was bobbing up and down gracefully, her blonde hair falling out of the ponytail she had done it up in. Age had been kind to her as well. She had discarded her skirt and t-shirt, and was bent over Alex in a strapless bra and white panties. In the past three years she had grown taller and her hips wider, creating the impression of a thin figure eight. She had clearly learnt a thing or two as well, and was using them as she went deep throat on Alex's quivering dick. 

They were all moaning and groaning, but Alex was the first to cum. When he couldn't hold on any longer, he pressed his dick deep into Johanna's throat, shooting his load into her mouth. Alice came soon after that, spurred on by Alex's quickened movements while he was orgasming. They all collapsed onto one another, Alex lying next to Ashleigh and Alice, and Johanna falling on top of him, all of them breathing hard.

They lay like that for a while, then Alex got up, took their hands and led them into his bedroom. He stripped off Johanna's underwear and Alice's bra, and then pulled off his own clothes, pulling them all onto the bed where they were all lost in the delirium of kisses and touch.

Through the confusion, Alex found Johanna's legs. She was the only one left that he hadn't gone down on...

He could feel at least three hands on his body, stroking and fingering every part of him. 

Through the moans and whimpering, he heard Johanna's muffled breath quickening as she drew closer and closer to climax. Alex hastened his tongue movements, gradually moving from long, broad stokes to small, quick flickers, which took Johanna over the edge. Alex tasted her juices, and lapped them up with relish. They tasted exactly the same as before.

Kissing his way up over Johanna and somebodies legs, he made his way to his bedside draw, where he extracted a box packed with condoms. He picked one out and hurriedly tore it open, pressing it onto his throbbing dick, which yearned to do some major fucking.

He moved to the nearest body. From the graceful brown hair cascading over her back, Alex guessed that it was Ashleigh. She was going down on Alice, and Alex thought that he had been right in thinking that she was new to this. Her movements were erratic and spontaneous, lacking the grace the he and the other two possessed when going down on a woman. She was nevertheless making Alice cry out in pleasure, and Alex stroked his dick, making sure the condom was on securely. When he was sure that it was, he knelt behind Ashleigh, parting her legs and entered her swiftly in one, fluid motion.

He heard her choke in surprise and Alex couldn't blame her. His dick was the biggest he had ever seen it (which was a fairly large size), and he had just pressed it into Ashleigh through a reasonably small opening. No wonder she was surprised.

Anyway, he began pounding her, rocking her backward and forth, causing Alice to cry out even louder. He started slow, then got faster and faster, feeling it coming and trying to get as many thrusts into this beautiful woman as he could before he came.

He burst at last, shooting his load into the safety net of the condom deep inside Ashleigh's belly. At the same time, Alice orgasmed, clutching Ashleigh's head to her crotch and writhing on the bed, her eyes shut tight.
