 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

It was a hot summer evening after our freshman year in college when I'd picked up Julie, we'd swung by Nancy's house to get her and we'd all gone out for ice cream to catch up. We'd known each other all through high school but hadn't seen each other since we'd each left for college, though we had all stayed in touch. It was a lot of fun to see them again and spend some time goofing around at the ice cream parlor as we had so often in study hall. When we finally left there, we weren't sure where to head until Nancy suggested we go hang at her place since her parents were out of town. Since our parents were all paying for college, we all still lived at home, but it was nice to have a little privacy in the house once in a while.

The air conditioning was nice as we sat in Nancy's family room and there wasn't even a hint of anything indecorous between the three of us as we hung out. When I knocked over an empty soda bottle and it pointed in Julie's direction, Nancy said that it looked like Julie would have to kiss me.

"Actually," I replied, "Julie and I have already kissed."

"What?" they both cried in unison.

"Yeah," I continued, "remember spin-the-bottle in Lisa's basement back in eighth grade?"

I saw the proverbial lightbulb go on over Julie's head as she recalled and we told Nancy the story, which concluded with me saying that my kissing Julie had turned her off to boys forever. Julie countered by throwing something at me and saying that she liked boys just fine, thank you very much. I leaned forward and gave the bottle a spin but Nancy stopped it so that it pointed at Julie and told her to prove it. I thought Julie was just going to laugh it off, but she got up and came over to me, leaned in and pressed her lips against mine. Before I knew it, her tongue was in my mouth and I could feel my cock getting hard. When she pulled away from me, she turned and made a "so there" face at Nancy, then reached down to give the bottle a spin.

When the bottle stopped on Nancy, Julie didn't even hesitate but went right over and planted a kiss on Nancy just as she had on me. My cock grew even harder as I watched the two of them swapping spit. When Julie came up for air she made a comment that she liked girls just fine, too, thank you very much. Nancy didn't seem the least bit put off and reached for the bottle to give it a spin. When it looked like the bottle was going to end up pointing back at her again, she swung it back around to point at me. We moved toward each other and made out just as we each had with Julie. For the next few minutes, we took turns spinning the bottle and making out with each other until it became apparent that this was going somewhere and just needed a little nudge along.

After another passionate kiss with Nancy, just before she took her turn spinning the bottle, I asked if either of them would object to removing an article of clothing should the bottle point at them. Both of them shook their heads and Nancy gave the bottle a spin. It occurred to me as the bottle settled pointing in my direction that I was at a slight disadvantage; since we'd left our shoes at the front door, I was wearing only three articles of clothing: a t-shirt, shorts and underwear. In thinking about it, I realized that the only additional article the two of them had that I didn't would be their bras. In any case, since it was my turn after I shed my t-shirt, I knew I'd get to see at least one of their bras. It turned out to be Nancy's as she shed her t-shirt as well but my opportunity to enjoy seeing her hard nipples pressing out against the cups was short lived as her spin ended with the bottle pointing at me again.

I stood and opened my shorts while they stared raptly, then let them drop to my ankles, glad that I had on clean underwear. My cock was pushing the front of my briefs out much as Nancy's nipples were pressing against the thin material of her bra cups. My cock didn't relax at all knowing that, with my next spin, I'd either be seeing Julie's bra, Nancy's panties or Nancy's tits. My spin landed on Julie and I was soon staring at the bumps her hard nipples were making against her bra cups. Julie's tits weren't as big as Nancy's and Nancy's were about average, but Julie was quite thin so her tits were proportional to her physique. Julie also had jet-black hair while Nancy's was more auburn but they both were fair-skinned.

I don't know if they were anxious to have the bottle point at me again so they could see exactly why my briefs were pushed out so far, but the next few spins went back and forth between them until they were each down to only their panties. I was ready to explode seeing Julie's small areolas and Nancy's larger ones as well as the bikini panties that Julie was sporting. I was about ready to rip my briefs off if I could be guaranteed relief but instead proposed one last spin of the bottle. It wasn't my turn, but I suggested that I make the last spin and, whoever the bottle pointed closest to, I'd strip off her panties and eat her pussy until she came; the "loser" would strip off my briefs and blow me. They quickly agreed, both apparently as worked up and on edge as I was. I gave the bottle a final spin and it landed on Julie.

Julie stood next to me and I grasped the sides of her bikini panties, sliding them down to expose a well-groomed black bush. Nancy and I both admired her fully naked figure as she stood there, then I stood and Nancy moved closer to slide my briefs down. My throbbing tool popped free and the two of them gasped. I lay on the couch and had Julie straddle my face while I massaged her taut ass. Jutting out my tongue, I tasted her juicy pussy while I felt Nancy gently stroking my cock. Julie was moaning even before I started licking her clit and I had to do the same as I felt Nancy's hot mouth engulf my cock. I brought a hand around to slip a finger into Julie's pussy as I focused my tonguing on her clit while Nancy slid her lips up and down my shaft while gently pumping the base. Julie's pussy was slippery and snug, which made me think about the possibility of slipping my cock into it before this night was over. She was humping against my face, though, clearly very worked up and on her way to a monumental orgasm.

I would have thought that I'd have blown my load within seconds of Nancy sliding her lips down my shaft but, in part due to being focused on eating Julie's pussy, I was able to enjoy Nancy's oral talents for longer than I expected. Of course I couldn't fully appreciate her efforts but I couldn't complain since I was also enjoying Julie's juicy pussy, which I could feel getting even wetter the longer I ate her. Julie was also getting louder with each passing minute so I just kept up what I was doing, relishing the taste and feel of her pussy as I pushed her closer and closer to an orgasm. As I was feeling the first stirrings of my own orgasm, thanks to Nancy's hot mouth on my cock, Julie let out a cry and began to shudder as she came. My finger was flooded with fresh juices as I continued to eat her, stopping only when she moved up off of my face and my finger slipped out of her.

We both looked down at Nancy sucking my cock and I felt a surge as my orgasm came even closer. Julie asked Nancy if she wanted to trade places and, as Nancy moved up next to me still wearing her panties, Julie knelt beside the couch. We watched as Julie first stroked my cock, then lowered her mouth onto it. I moaned again, then turned to Nancy and slid her panties down to reveal a trim bush the same dark reddish color as the hair that hung down to her shoulders. She stepped out of her panties and straddled my head as Julie's mouth bobbed up and down on my cock. As with Julie, I started with my hands on Nancy's bare ass and ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her copious juices while she let out a moan. I could feel my orgasm continuing to build as Julie ran her hot mouth up and down my throbbing tool while pumping the base as I brought a hand around and slipped a finger up into Nancy's dripping pussy.

As I focused on licking and sucking Nancy's clit while fingering her pussy, I noted that she was also quite snug and slippery, just as Julie had been, and couldn't help but think about slipping my cock into her pussy, too. I thought that, since she had gone longer without attention, she might cum a lot faster than Julie had, but as Julie continued to suck and pump my cock, I suspected that I'd be cumming before she did. She was moaning softly and pushing her pussy rhythmically toward my face while I licked and fingered her, appearing to be well on her way to an orgasm. Meanwhile, I could feel my cock beginning to swell even more as the pleasure Julie was providing brought me closer and closer to cumming. I paused and quickly glanced between Nancy's thighs for a glimpse of Julie's lips wrapped around my tool, which ended up pushing me even further along a lot more quickly.

I went back to licking and sucking Nancy's clit while relishing the feel of my orgasm building until I finally started spurting into Julie's mouth with a moan of pleasure. She let out a little cry of surprise, but recovered quickly and swallowed my load, nursing my cock until I was completely spent. Feeling completely satiated, I focused on bringing Nancy to an orgasm with renewed vigor and she responded accordingly. I don't know what Julie did once she let my cock fall from her mouth but, as I returned to enthusiastically eating Nancy's pussy, Nancy immediately started moaning louder and moving her hips more. I could feel her pussy becoming even wetter and more engorged than it already had been the longer I devoured her and knew that it wouldn't be much longer.

I was enjoying eating her pussy, and would have done it even longer, but I also wanted her to cum so that she could experience the pleasure that Julie and I already had. It didn't take much more effort and she was letting out a longer moan and shaking as her orgasm washed over her. I continued to lick her clit and finger her until she let out a sigh, letting me know that she had finished cumming. She climbed off of the couch and I sat up, the two of them then sitting on either side of me. As we recovered, we all agreed that it had been a fun time but also that we were just getting started. I had a hand on each of their smooth thighs and it wasn't long before we were alternately kissing again. I hadn't had the opportunity to really enjoy their breasts yet, so I eventually moved to the floor facing them and fondled each of their breasts as well as licking and sucking their hard nipples.

They moved their heads close together to make out as I busied myself with the soft, smooth flesh and the hard nipples. As my cock recovered and started to stiffen again, I let a hand drop down to each of their bushes while my lips and tongue still worked on their nipples. They each spread their legs so that I could gently stroke their clits until Julie finally asked if I had a condom handy. Abandoning their tits and pussies, I turned and grabbed my wallet from the table nearby and extracted the condom from inside. As I rolled it over my mostly rigid tool, they each slid down enough that their asses were just on the edge of the couch so that I could easily slip into them. Since I'd kissed Julie first and eaten Julie's pussy first, I knelt between Nancy's thighs and guided my cock to her pussy first. We both moaned as I slipped into her, my cock sliding easily into her well-lubed pussy. Julie was playing with Nancy's tits and they started making out again as I started to slide my cock in and out of Nancy's hot pussy.

I watched the two of them going at it as I relished the feel of Nancy's slippery, snug pussy and one of Nancy's hands quickly found Julie's tits, too. As I was getting ready to slip out of Nancy and move over to fuck Julie, Julie's hand dropped down to massage Nancy's clit. I slipped out of her anyway and moved to kneel between Julie's thighs, guiding my cock in just below her black bush. I moaned again as I slipped into her but couldn't say that her pussy felt better than Nancy's or not; I'd have been content fucking either one of them, but was extremely grateful for the opportunity to be fucking both. Nancy's fingers found Julie's clit so that they were both working on each other's as I slowly slid in and out of Julie's hot pussy. I alternated back and forth between their two snug pussies every couple of minutes or so as they each started moaning more and more under the stimulation of each other's fingers combined with my cock. I could feel each of them gradually becoming more engorged and more slippery the longer I was fucking them, but wasn't feeling yet like I was in any danger of cumming again myself.

I was fucking Julie when she let out a cry and started to cum due to a combination of being fucked and having her clit stimulated. I fucked her until she'd finished cumming, then switched back over to Nancy and we both worked to get her the rest of the way to an orgasm, as well. It didn't take too much longer and she let out a long moan and shuddered as she came, too. I was ready to try something a little bit different to get me the rest of the way to another orgasm, so I pulled out of Nancy and had both of them move off the couch onto their knees and turn around to face the couch. Not surprisingly, as I was admiring their asses, they started to make out again. I started with Julie this time, slipping back into her pussy then taking her by the hips as I tapped my own hips repeatedly against her ass. After a few highly pleasurable minutes, I moved over and slipped into Nancy, my hips then bumping against her ass.

Since they'd both just cum, their pussies were both extremely hot and slippery, so it didn't take long before my own orgasm was beginning to build. I enjoyed the feel of their pussies and the view of both of their asses while also sliding my hands up to fondle their tits some more. My cock grew even harder the longer I fucked the two of them and it remained to be seen who I'd end up blowing my load inside. Julie had received the bounty of my first load so I thought it only fair that Nancy be on the receiving end of my second, even though it would be inside a condom. I timed it so that I was fucking Julie almost to the point of cumming, then pulled out and switched over to Nancy, relishing the continued build and fucking her harder and faster until I exploded into the condom.

When I was spent and pulled out of Nancy's pussy, she turned and took the condom off and, as she was getting up to go flush it, turned back and suggested that we come with her and all take a shower together. The master bathroom had a nice, large shower stall that had plenty of room for all three of us, so Nancy got the water going and we all climbed in. We quickly had each other all lathered up and, though I wasn't fully recovered by the time we'd rinsed down, I was well on my way and the two of them were completely worked up again. We headed to Nancy's bedroom and retired to her full-size bed where we continued to indulge in each other until the wee hours of the morning, when exhaustion overtook us and we finally slept.