 'Am I crazy,' I wonder, as I drive home. I've always been impulsive, but I've never done anything insane like give a blowjob on the side of the road. Okay, if I'm going to be honest, I've never done anything sexual outside of a house. I missed out on fooling around in a car like the other teenagers. I have perverted fantasies, but my reality has been fairly tame.

And yet, I just gave head to a stranger. I asked him to touch me. And I liked it. What has happened to me?

At least I know his name now; Ryan introduced himself as he helped me into my car. Now as he escorts me home, I can't decide if I should follow through with this or not. My body says yes, but my mind... well, my mind is still questioning my sanity.

I pull into my driveway, and Ryan drives up and parks behind me. I open my door and climb out. Turning, I watch him step out of the car. The light in his car is bright enough that I can see something I never expected: there's another man in the car, a shorter, blonder cop. I stare, dumbfounded, uncertain what to even think.

The other cop steps out of the car and walks over to Ryan. He's staring at me intently; I glance at Ryan and see him smile.

"I'd like to introduce you to my partner, Quinn."

I continue to stare at them. Neither of them looks remotely embarrassed about the situation. I'm probably embarrassed enough for all of us.

Quinn looks me up and down saying, "Nice to meet you."

I finally pull myself together enough to ask, "Ryan, why didn't you mention you had a partner in your car?"

He looks vaguely guilty. "I didn't think much about it. I was a bit preoccupied." He smiles slowly, and I blush knowing exactly what he's thinking.

I turn toward my house and walk to the door. They follow me. Obviously, I will have to be more direct with my rejection. I unlock my door and tell them, "Thanks for seeing me home. I'll be fine now, so you can get back to work."

They exchange glances and Ryan replies, "We're off duty. We thought you might want us to come in."

"I don't think so. I know what you must think of me after what happened earlier, but I'm not really like that."

They exchange glances again, and this time Quinn speaks. "What I think is that you are one of the sexiest women I have ever seen. I have had a hard-on since you got out of your car back there. I want to see you on your knees sucking my dick like you did Ryan's. And then I want to fuck you until you beg me to stop."

I stare at him, and then my gaze lowers- he does have an erection. Despite my embarrassment, I am aroused knowing that I turned him on; hearing what he wants to do to me shocks me, yet it is also excites me. I have never been with two men before, but I have spent many lonely nights fantasizing about it. Now I have my chance.

"You can come in," I tell them, and they smile.

I walk into my house, wondering where I should take them. I know what they're here for, but it seems awkward to go straight into my bedroom. I pause in the living room and ask, "Do you want something to drink?"

Watching me carefully, they both shake their heads. Quinn walks toward me and takes my hand. He raises it to his lips to kiss my palm. I feel the stubble of his chin against my skin, and I shiver.

"If you want us to leave, we will," Quinn tells me.

I consider it again. I know this is my last chance to change my mind. I have never done anything like this, but I desperately want to. I want to have them both. Knowing that Quinn is giving me another opportunity to say no, I feeler safer saying yes. 

"No, I don't want you to go."

I sense Ryan behind me; I am completely between them, two strong male bodies covering me. I can feel their breath, and the heat from their skin shoots desire through me.

Quinn places my hand on his chest and his hands on my waist. He lowers his mouth to mine to kiss me; he is gentle, barely touching my lips. When I wrap my arms around his neck, he opens his mouth on mine, biting and sucking my lips. His kisses become more demanding, and I forget everything but the way his mouth feels.

Ryan's hands on my back startle me. He begins to massage the tension out of my muscles. Still kissing Quinn, I relax into Ryan until I am leaning into him. I feel his mouth against my hair and neck, kissing and nibbling down to my shoulder. I moan softly against Quinn's mouth. He kisses down my throat to the top of my dress. Working together, Ryan and Quinn lift my dress and pull it over my head. I am naked except for my bra, garter belt and stockings. I can feel both men staring at me. 

"God, you're sexy," Ryan tells me.

"You're both overdressed," I say. I don't know where my boldness comes from. I am not nervous anymore, but anxious. I know that being with these two men will be better than my fantasies.

I watch Quinn as he unbuttons his shirt, his hands moving down his chest, slowly revealing his muscular chest. Behind me, Ryan takes off his clothes more quickly. While Quinn removes his shirt and begins to pull off his pants, Ryan tugs my body against his. I feel his erection in the small of my back. I remember what he tasted like, how large his cock was in my mouth. Quinn strips off his underwear and stands naked in front of me. His dick isn't as long as Ryan's but it is thicker; already I am anticipating him inside me, stretching me wide.

I touch Quinn's chest, sliding my hands down his body. I lean toward him to flick his nipple with my tongue. He sucks in his breath, so I nip him with my teeth. Ryan's hands caress my back as he unfastens my bra and slips it off of me. Quinn pulls my head up to kiss me again, barely touching his mouth to mine. He kisses my chin, my throat, and down to my breasts. His tongue lightly licks my nipple; he looks up at me, testing my reaction. Eyes locked on mine, he gently bites down on the hard point. Ryan's hands slide down my ass to my thighs, and I recall his earlier frisking. The moisture of my pussy trickles onto my thighs. He unhooks my stockings from the garter belt, slowly sliding the nylon down my legs while his mouth trails behind. Quinn sucks my nipple into his mouth, and I groan, grabbing his head. Ryan finishes removing my stockings and sees Quinn at my breast. I am completely absorbed in the feel of his mouth on my skin. Ryan rises and stands next to Quinn, taking my other breast in his mouth. I have never known such exquisite pleasure than having these two men suckling my breasts. I moan and hold their heads against me, locking them into position. My knees are weak, and the pleasure is so intense that I cry out, my whole body shuddering in climax.

When they pull away from me, I feel lost with no one touching me. Quinn looks at Ryan, "I think it's your turn to watch."

Ryan looks reluctant to agree, but he nods his head. Quinn takes my hand and leads me to my bedroom. Ryan follows a few steps behind us. A king sized canopy bed almost entirely fills my room. Ryan sits down on my reading chair in the corner of my room. Quinn stops next to the bed, brushing soft, feather light kisses along my mouth and along my jaw. He seems in no hurry, despite the erection poking against my abdomen. His control and patience heighten my sensitivity and arousal. I feel beautiful and desired as his mouth tickles down my neck and along my shoulders.

"Quinn," I breathe his name, my skin alive with desire. He teases my breasts with those same kisses; he lifts me up and lays me on the bed. His eyes on me, Quinn's mouth continues down my ribs, along my stomach, until he reaches my thighs. He kisses the inside of one leg down to my knee and then switches to the other leg, reversing direction. He gently bites the inside of my thigh. I moan and wrap my hands in the sheets beneath me. His teasing is torture; I want his mouth on me. I want his tongue in me.

"Quinn, please," I whisper.

"Please, what?" He looks up at me, eyes full of mischief. "Don't you like me kissing you?"

"Stop teasing me."

Quinn turns to Ryan, "What do you think? Should I stop teasing her?"

I feel instant guilt. I had forgotten about Ryan, so focused on Quinn's mouth. I turn my head and see that Ryan is watching us, his hand lazily stroking his erection, a slight smile on his face.

"I think you should tease her until she begs."

Quinn returns his attention to me. "My sentiments exactly."

He bends back down to me, mouth now trailing down my calf, absently nipping me along the way. I feel tongue and teeth and hands everywhere- except where I want them.

My body struggles for release. "Please, Quinn. I can't take it. Please." I know I should have more pride than to beg him, I know I shouldn't feel so desperate, but every part of me is screaming for Quinn.

In answer, I feel his tongue touch my clitoris; he continues to tease me, licking and retreating with the faintest pressure. The torture is exquisite. My hands uncurl from the sheets and grab his hair. "Please," I beg. I know he can escape my grip, but he allows me to guide him. His mouth finally devotes itself entirely to my clit, as he sucks and nips at it. He slides a finger into me to locate my G-spot.

My body writhes beneath him, the pleasure of his mouth and finger shocks me. My hands tangle more tightly in his hair and my legs tighten against his shoulders. But Quinn resists my urging; his mouth and fingers torment me in their assault. He draws my clit into his mouth, and his fingers increase their pressure. I struggle against him, nearly unable to bear the intensity. Each time I expect completion, he eases me away. Finally, wrapping my legs around his head, I force him to give me satisfaction. 

"Oh God, Quinn. Oh, Yes!" I cry out. This orgasm is like no other I've had. I had always thought that the G-spot was a myth, until now. My body continues to convulse beneath him; slowly, my muscles relax until I am spent and totally satisfied.

Quinn laughs against me, kissing up my body until he reaches my breasts. My eyes closed, I feel his mouth begin a lazy exploration of my nipples.

"Quinn," I whisper, "I can't handle anymore."

"I think you can. You have to. Neither one of us is nearly done with you."

My eyes shoot open when I remember Ryan again. Even as I wonder if I can possibly please them both, I am eager to try. I have already felt more pleasure tonight than I ever have; from the time Ryan pulled me over for speeding until now, I have been almost like a different person. I have become a person who acts out her fantasies instead of just imagining them. And in my fantasies, I can handle two men with ease.

Quinn raises himself on his arms and kisses me. I can taste myself on his lips when he delves into my mouth. I open my legs to him, and I am so wet that he meets no resistance as he eases into me. He lifts my legs to his shoulders and begins a slow rhythm, sliding in and out of me, inch by inch. I tighten myself around him, and Quinn, encouraged, quickens his pace. He kisses and nibbles the inside of my knee as he moves faster now. I touch his chest, sliding my hands through the thin hair and lightly pinching his nipples. His body is perfect, all hard lines and muscle. Pulling one leg down from his shoulder, I reach around to grab his ass. I watch him, his face focused on maintaining control. I know that he has been aroused since he watched me on the side of the road with Ryan. I don't want him to hold back anymore; I dig my fingernails into his skin, pulling him further into me. With my other hand, I caress his cheek and mouth. His concentration breaks, and Quinn fucks me with abandon. His body tightly coiled, he drives into me, yelling as he comes. I continue to stroke his face, playing my fingers across the stubble of his chin. Looking disappointed, he collapses on top of me, apologizing.

"That's okay. I have nothing to complain about." I have already had two orgasms, and I know I will have more.

Turning my head, I see Ryan stroking his cock. I sense his need and growing frustration. Now that I have accepted how much I want this, I cannot stop myself.

"Come lay down," I tell him. To Quinn, I say, "I think your partner's ready for his turn."

Quinn rolls off of me to lie on the side of the bed. Ryan lies down on my other side, and my fingers itch to touch his cock. Remembering the weight of him in my mouth, I look forward to having him inside me again. I kiss his lips for the first time. Even though we have touched each other intimately, we have never kissed. The taste of his mouth and the feel of his lips is completely different that Quinn's. He kisses me with softly with affectation. He runs his fingers through my hair, making my scalp tingle in delight. He kisses along my jaw to my ear, where he nibbles along my earlobe. I sigh against him, tasting the skin of his neck and throat. His mouth returns to mine, and this time the kiss is deeper, more passionate. I cannot wait anymore. My body is so stirred up that I can't believe I have already had two orgasms. My mouth fused with his, I climb on top of him and fit myself around his dick. I slide down until he is fully inside me; he is so large that it is almost painful. 

Breaking the kiss, I place my hands on his chest for balance. I have always loved the feeling of power in riding a man, in controlling the pace and depth of lovemaking. I rock myself back and forth on him, enjoying the feel of him deep inside me. Ryan lifts his hands to my breasts, squeezing and pinching my nipples. I groan in pleasure. I wiggle against him, and he laughs. He slips his hands around to squeeze my ass, and the pressure inside me increases. I can feel my climax approaching; still riding his enormous cock, I angle myself so my clit rubs against him. Circling my hips around to increase the friction, I cry out when the pleasure becomes too much, and then I cry out again in relief when my body shatters. 

Knowing Ryan hasn't come yet, I continue to rock against him. Looking over, I see that Quinn is erect again, and I know immediately that I must have them both right now. I don't know where my boldness is coming from because I don't care anymore. I questioned my sanity for being with Ryan earlier, but now I know the only insanity would be not enjoying myself to the fullest by taking advantage of the two naked men in my bed. 

"Why don't we try something different?" I suggest. Rising off Ryan, I get on my hands and knees above Quinn. I lean down and lower my mouth onto his cock. Sucking him in, I wiggle my hips at Ryan. He gets my message and moves behind me. Ryan's hands grip my hips as he drives himself into me. I lick Quinn's slit, tasting our combined juices. I tease him as he teased me: licking, but not giving him satisfaction. Seeing my game, Ryan slows his pace to give me time to toy with Quinn. I lap at Quinn's cock, lightly nipping my teeth at the head and opening my mouth around him. I glide my tongue up each side of him, kissing the head each time I return to the top. I kiss the inside of his thighs, and I lick his balls, almost sucking them into my mouth. Behind me, Ryan pumps in and out of me, leaning around me so he can watch as I suck his friend.

"God damn it," Quinn groans. "I can't take it. Suck my cock." As I had done to him, he grips my hair and holds my head against him. Eager to obey, I lower my mouth, swallowing him as far as I can. Up and down, my mouth rides him, my tongue playing with his shaft. Behind me, Ryan increases his thrusts until he is pounding into me. I lightly squeeze Quinn's balls with one hand as my mouth quickens its movements on his dick. Fucking me now without restraint, Ryan slams into me hard, and then I hear two voices yell. Quinn continues to hold my head against him, forcing me to swallow his semen. Both men shudder as their bodies fall from their climax.

Knowing that I brought Ryan and Quinn to orgasm at the same time increases my arousal. Knowing I have handled these two men and that they are at my mercy, I scream; my entire body quakes with the biggest orgasm I have ever had. The power of it makes my whole body quiver; weak and spent, I collapse onto the bed, Ryan and Quinn on either side of me. 

We lay there, our breath returning to normal. I can't believe I've done this. And I can't believe how much better reality was than my fantasies. I know that from now on, this reality will be my fantasy.

Laughing to myself, I say, "I guess I should get stopped for speeding more often."