 This story contains m/f, f/f and m/m sexual activity. If any of these types of activities offend you, you might want to stop reading now.

Disclaimer: The characters in this story are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. The following story involves graphic descriptions of sexual encounters. If such things offend you, please read no further. For everyone else, I hope you enjoy the story. Please do not redistribute or reuse this story without the author's consent.

This is a sequel to "Happy New Year."

------------ --------

"Spring Break!"

------------ --------

For crying out . . . Does this woman ever shut up? This was the thought running through Vic's mind as his mother droned on about how good it was to be home from his parent's trip to Europe. Never mind that she had called him just a month earlier to say how fabulous things were going. She had the attention span of a gnat. And her call was cutting into his grunting. He like to grunt when Jack, the long, raven-haired goth/Greek God, was sliding all nine inches of his beautiful dick in and out of Vic's ass, which was what was going on at the time Vic's mother called. 

"Yeah mom. I miss you too." He pressed the mute button on his phone. "Faster," he grunted at Jack, who had an ear-to-ear grin on his face. As Jack picked up the tempo, Vic's member was pushed harder into the pillow he was lying on. He was lying face down on his bed, using the pillow to elevate his ass just a bit so Jack had easy access. So much had changed in the last two months. He had gone from blond-haired, blue-eyed all-American quarterback for a college football team to major league bisexual horn-dog. He was the guy the girls had fantasized back in high school, and now he had sex with another guy at least once a day. Sometimes their female friends, Angela and Dawn, joined in the fun. Angela was a black girl with soft skin and incredibly big tits (well into the "D" range if Vic's memory served). She was also very intelligent, and was studying to be a lawyer. In the outside world, she dressed and acted conservatively, but with their little group, she let it all hang out. Dawn was the quiet one. Well, quiet anywhere but in bed. She was third-generation Irish American, which you could tell from her accent when she actually spoke. She had a taut little body, blazing red hair, and freckles that covered her entire body. With handful-sized breasts and a butt you could bounce a quarter off, she was quite a firecracker when it came to sex. And she could deep-throat a cucumber too. At least, that was everyone else's theory. No one had actually suggested it yet.

"Yes Mom. I'll try to call more often." He bit his lip as Jack buried himself to the hilt in Vic's ass. Vic knew what was coming. So to speak. Vic was glad his friend had suggested buying satin pillowcases, as the feeling of the material against his cock was wonderful. Of course, he had to wash them fairly frequently, but it was a small price to pay. He had even ordered a full set of sheets to go along with them. As he hung up the phone (finally), he felt Jack erupt, filling his ass with cum. Jack quickly pulled out and flipped Vic over, taking Vic's cock in his mouth just moments before it shot its salty load. Vic's body twitched as he relaxed back on to the bed. Once his cock was completely spent, Jack tilted his head back and swallowed. He looked so sexy when he did that. Hell, he looked sexy doing anything!

Jack collapsed next to him on the bed, tracing his muscles with one finger, letting his hand rest on Vic's abdomen.

"You are going to get me into so much trouble one of these days."

"I didn't hear you complaining."

"Never will. Better get cleaned up. My first test is coming up and you're supposed to help me study."

"Party pooper." Jack stood up and strode toward the bathroom. Vic intended to join him, but was going to enjoy the view of his ass as he walked for a moment. He joined Jack in the shower, which seemed to take longer than normal when the two of them were together. Vic was the first one done. Jack was a bit of a prima donna, and took at least ten minutes to work on his hair. Vic had just slipped into a comfortable pair of shorts when he heard the doorbell. When he opened the door, there was a delivery guy there. He was black, about six feet tall, and absolutely gorgeous. His facial features were perfectly symmetrical, and his arms and legs were well-muscled, toned and free of any body hair. Those brown shorts these delivery guys wore flattered him pretty well. His shoulders were broad, his face handsome, and he appeared to have shaved his head. And he looked awfully familiar.

"Just sign here," he said, with a slightly perplexed look on his face. 

Vic took the pad and put his signature at the bottom.

"Sorry, I don't mean to stare, but are you the same Vic Peterson that quarterbacks for State?"

"Yeah. You look familiar to."

"Randy Smith. I . . ."

"Play for the baseball team! Shit, you were awesome last year!"

"Thanks. You guys were doing well until November."

"We lost our center, so our pocket-protection crumbled. I got put through the wringer and put away wet for a month after that."

"Sorry to hear it. When does practice start for you guys again?"

"Another month. I'm enjoying the time off."

"I'm actually thinking of quitting the team."

"You're kidding!?!"

"Nah man, its just getting too hard to balance athletics and scholastics. And I'm not going to pursue baseball into the pros. I've got no respect for the industry anymore."

"Sorry to hear that. But I get where you're coming from. I'm not as thrilled about the game as I used to be. And now I'm double majoring."

"Rough." 

At that point, Randy glanced away from the door to where his truck was idling. At that same moment, Vic heard Jack coming out of the bathroom. He turned to look, seeing that Jack had noticed they weren't alone. Jack hurried into the bedroom. Randy was staring down at his clipboard when Vic turned back. 

"Well, its been great talkin' to ya, but I gotta split."

"When do you get off?"

"Just another couple hours."

"Well, some friends and I were going to go catch a movie. Not sure which one yet . . . we kind of decide when we get there. You should come." In more ways than one, he thought to himself. 

"Sure! Which theatre?"

"The Eastside Tinseltown. We'll be out front staring upward at the pretty colors!"

"Cool. See you there!"

After he had left, Jack emerged from the bedroom wearing nothing but his boxers and a smile. "You were so flirting with him!"

"Was not! Was I? I didn't mean . . ."

"Don't worry, Vic. This is the time to experiment. I don't get jealous when you're bangin' Dawn or Angela, do I? Besides, he looked damn good! Now let's study a bit before the movie."

Later, the two of them met up with Dawn and Angela at the movie theatre. The two girls were giggling and glancing at each other mischievously.

"Let me guess," said Vic turning to Dawn, "You had a little taste of Angela on the drive over?"

Dawn started wiping around the edges of her mouth with her sleeve. "Does it show?" The other three started laughing and Dawn started blushing, realizing she had been had. "You fucker!" she muttered in that adorable Irish brogue.

"By the way," interrupted Jack, "our friend Vic here has invited a new friend to join us this evening. Some guy from the baseball team."

"Who?" inquired Angela.

"Randy Smith. Apparently he works part-time for a delivery . . ."

"Randy Smith?!?" echoed Angela. "Man, you know how to pick 'em Vic!"

"Hunh? You know him?"

"I know OF him. Word has it he's hung like a fuckin' horse!"

"I didn't need to hear that," muttered Vic, who felt a stirring in his groin. Handsome, athletic, and well-endowed; a dangerous combination. "Oh shit, there he is now!"

The group was apparently impressed. He had switched from his uniform into a snug pair of jeans, and was wearing a muscle shirt underneath his jacket.

"So," he said walking up, "what are we going to see?"

"First of all, for etiquette's sake, this is Dawn, Angela, and Jack."

"Oops. Sorry all. Now, what the hell are we gonna see?" he said very politely.

The group grinned. Randy was going to fit in just fine. After staring at the marquis for a while longer, they decided to see the horror-movie-of-the-week, because no one is in the mood for anything serious. As they went up to the ticket counter, Dawn fell behind and was quite intently staring at Randy's ass. Without even looking back, he stopped, hike up his jacket a bit and wiggled his tight behind in her general direction. She started laughing so hard she almost fell down, with Angela having to help hold her upright. 

The movie was really awful, but most of the time they just went to fart around. Both of the girls were flirting with Randy outrageously, so the boys were left to their own devices. Vic would periodically reach over to grab popcorn from Jack, but would grab his crotch first. After a while when Vic reached over, Jack's fly was open. Vic reach his hand in and wrapped itself around Jack's rigid cock. Once his hand was inside Jack's pants, Jack sealed the trap (like Vic was actually resisting) and put his hand on Vic's wrist. Vic started slowly jerking Jack off, not making too much arm motion so as to avoid attracting attention. Jack was loving this. He always did. Slowly, Jack started humping his hips, gently fucking Vic's hand. After a few minutes, Jack's breath began sounding labored and he arched his head back slightly. Vic looked over at Randy and the girls, but no one seemed to have noticed. Vic moved his hand up to cup the head of Jack's dick while Jack started jerking himself off through his pants. It was long before Vic felt the first splash of warm cum hit his palm, and his cupped hand quickly filled with Jack's goo. After the torrent had subsided, Vic carefully pulled his hand out while Jack quietly zipped himself up. Vic grinned in the dark as he poured the contents of his hand into the bag of popcorn. It was his favorite topping!

The two of them sat back and tried to enjoy the rest of the movie. At one point, Vic saw a hand shoot over, grab some popcorn and then retract. It was Randy. Oh shit. But how could he politely inform him not to eat it because it was covered in man-goo. Randy popped it in his mouth, without apparently noticing anything odd. Both Vic and Jack breathed sighs of relief, and Jack stuck the bag under the seat. 

The movie eventually (thankfully) ended. Jack and Randy darted into the bathroom while Vic went out to wait with the girls. While waiting, he told them of the close-call in the theatre. They were both considerably more amused than he had been, though it was getting funnier the further from the actual incident they got. Finally Jack and Randy got out of the theatre.

"Hey guys, I invited Randy to come over for dinner on Friday. You know, to help us kick off spring break."

Everyone was enthusiastic about the idea. So enthusiastic that Jack gave Vic a blowjob in the car on the way home. Vic shot his load deep into Jack's mouth when they pulled into the parking lot of the apartment complex. Both were fantasizing about Randy at the time.

Friday evening rolled around, and the gang was already there. Everyone was dressed to impress, which meant something different for them than for most people. Vic had on his snuggest blue jeans and a plain, white t-shirt. Jack was going with tight leather pants and a black, sleeveless shirt. Angela had on her blue party dress, which was high on the legs and low on the chest. Dawn had a cute black beret, a green shirt tied off and the midriff, and bicycle shorts that showed off her ass perfectly. They were all grinning at each other as the doorbell rang. The game was afoot!

Randy was still wearing the brown uniform of his employer. Apparently, he has just finished up at work. His shirt was unbuttoned, revealing part of a muscular, sweaty chest. 

"I hope no one minds. I didn't get a chance to shower before coming over" he said as Jack ushered him in, checking out his ass the whole time. 

"I think we'll survive," replied Angela, who was practically drooling. She reached out to shake his hand, giving him a nice view of her ample cleavage. They all heard a clink as Dawn "dropped" a fork. She bent over to pick it up, her bicycle pants stretching over her taut butt cheeks. Despite being at a disadvantage in this situation (i.e. Assuming Randy was straight), Vic couldn't help but smile. When these two girls were after something, they would pull out all the stops to get it.

After some more gratuitous flirting, they finally gathered around the flimsy dinner table and began to eat. It was a delightful meal. Randy showed himself to be very quick-witted and jovial, fitting in quite well with their little group. Both the girls, seated on either side of him, flirted outrageously, brushing hands, tits, and asses against him whenever they could get the chance. And Randy was soaking it up. Periodically, Vic reached over and gave Jack's rod a squeeze. Jack returned would return the favor. Regardless of what happened, Jack was special to him. But hey . . . Randy was fuckin' hot!

After dinner, they all adjourned to the couch. Randy sat in the middle, with Jack and Vic on either side. The girls were sitting on the floor, leaning against the boys' knees. They were watching an old Steve Martin movie called "The Jerk." They were all laughing so hard that it hurt. At one point, Dawn fell back directly between Randy's legs. Her head was resting on his crotch. She slowly rubbed the back of her head gently against his groin. The two other boys (and Dawn herself) noticed the effect almost immediately. The front of his shorts started expanding and the fabric tightened as his member started becoming erect. Dawn turned her head slightly to the side and pressed her cheek against his shorts, feeling the heat through the material. 

"Damn," Randy said. "Jack said you people were freaks! I thought he was pulling my leg!"

Angela turned to stare at him and the tent in his pants. "So, Jack has been giving away our little secrets, hunh?" She shot a devious look at Jack, who was grinning from ear to ear. "Well, then you should know," she continued, reaching over and wrapping her hand around Randy's massive bulge, "that it isn't your leg we plan on pulling."

Dawn completely turned around and started running her face and mouth up and down Randy's shorts. She took the zipper in her teeth, glanced up to make sure she had Randy's approval, and slowly pulled downward. They all gasped as Randy's dick emerged from its confines. Randy was apparently not wearing underwear, which was good, because doing so would probably have suffocated that monster. It was a full ten inches long and almost as thick as Vic's. Dawn yanked the shorts all the way off, showing Randy's smoothly shaven, golf-ball sized testes. Dawn didn't waste any time licking and sucking them, taking one then the other in her mouth. Angela stood up and undid her neckstrap, letting her dress fall to the ground. While they all were in awe of Randy's huge dick, Randy was in awe of Angela's huge tits. 

"I've got to get me some of those!" he said.

Dawn obligingly moved out of the way so Angela could kneel and wrap her melons around Randy's shaft. He moaned as she licked the tip of his dick every time it emerged from her cleavage. Big dark cock emerging from big dark tits. It was almost heaven.  

Dawn was shedding her clothes, while Vic and jack pulled their pants off and started stroking their shafts. Dawn stood behind Angela and bent over to one side to suck on Jack's dick then shifted to the other side to pleasure Vic. Vic's eyes were locked on that massive slab of meat between Angela's tits. Randy met his gaze.

"Go ahead. Jack told me everything!"

Vic looked over at Jack, who was still smiling. Angela gave Randy's dick one more squeeze then moved as Vic took her place. He wrapped both hands around that cock, and there was still shaft poking out. He started stroking the shaft, then kissed the head. Then, without any further adieu, took the head in his mouth. 

It tasted wonderful! His head began bobbing up and down, taking more and more of the shaft down his throat each time. Dawn had taught him well! 

"Shit, man! You are good!" Randy was obviously enjoying the Vic's talented mouth. He felt obligated to return the favor. He looked at Dawn, and made a motion with his head. She got the idea, standing on the couch and straddling his face. He began to eat her moist pussy with abandon. Meanwhile, Angela had climbed on top of Jack and was riding him like a stallion. 

Vic was bound a determined to take as much of Randy's meat in his mouth as he could. He currently was able to get about seven inches, but that was all. He had been training so that he could someday deepthroat Jack, but Randy was longer and thicker. But he was still proud of his ability. Between his hand and mouth, Randy's cock was almost completely accounted for. He let his tongue drag against the sensitive underside of the cock, much to the pleasure of its owner. He released his grip on the shaft and grasped Randy's balls. And with balls firmly in hand, his index finger found its way to the other man's puckered asshole.

"Oh, yeah!" moaned Randy. Vic took that as all the encouragement he needed, slowly inserting that finger until it was buried deep in his new friend's ass. He continued finger-fucking Randy while sucking his cock. Vic reached underneath the couch and grabbed that bottle of lube that was always under there. He poured some on his own rigid member and greased himself up. Randy grabbed his head and pulled him up until Vic's cock was pointed at his asshole. "Do it."

Vic needed no further encouragement. He pushed his cock gently against the tight opening. Randy grunted as he was penetrated. As always, it took a moment for the head to get all the way in. But finally the pain was over, and the pleasure began. Vic was slow and gentle at first, letting Randy get used to the sensation of an ass full of dick. He didn't know how often (if ever) Randy had done this before, but he wanted the experience to be pleasurable. He felt Randy beginning to push back against him, making Vic more comfortable in picking up the pace. 

Meanwhile, Angela looked over and saw Randy's massive dick slapping against his abdomen. She got up from riding Jack and maneuvered herself over Randy's shaft. It was a bit of struggle. Dawn was still pressing her crotch against his face, while Vic was pounding away at his ass, but there was just enough room for her to sit on his dick. Dawn made life a little easier by reluctantly stepping aside, but consoling herself by descending on Jack's dick, which was still glistening with Angela's juices. Dawn's deep throat abilities were almost legendary (at least in their small circle), and she had Jack's nine-inch rod completely engulfed in her pretty, red-haired head.

Vic's dick was buried in Randy's ass, while Randy's was buried Angela's warm pussy and Jack's cock had vanished into Dawn's throat. They were three happy men. But as the rapid breathing and moaning indicated, Angela was on the verge of being a very happy girl. Sure enough, her vaginal walls clamped down, her body started to shake, and she began cumming in buckets. She leaned back against Randy's skyward-pointed legs as she relaxed after an intense orgasm. Vic reached around and cupped her massive tits and nibbled on her ear. After a few minutes, she disentangled herself and flopped down on the couch next to Randy. Vic had slowed his pace during Angela's orgasm. For some reason, seeing her cum always made her seem even more beautiful. Dawn, who was also slowing her pace, saw Randy's rigid dick free and glistening. Vic saw the hungry look in her eye and pulled out of Randy's ass. He switched places with her, so that she could suck on Randy and Vic could suck on Jack.
