 The sparsely attended college mixer had an underlying formality to it although Pastor Gabe did his best to get the boys and girls to talk to one another. That would be men and women since they were in college. "Sunny", Pastor Gabe pitched his voice to his daughter who was standing around trying to look engaged at the snack and drink table. Obediently, Sunny palmed some chocolate pretzels and sauntered over to her father.

"Sunny," beamed Pastor Gabe, "this is Charles or Charlie, excuse me. He says he is transferring in to university." Charles was bespeckled and of average height and thin. His hair was close cropped brunette and his dress was not as sloppy as most young men his age attending university.

"Hello," Charles offered his hand in greeting, hesitant if it was the right gesture.

Sunny projected and opened her hand. "Pretzel?" she said with slight embarrassment. "My Mom and I made them last night."

"Uh, sure," stammered Charles unsure of the sanitation protocol. He took one of the suspicious looking dark brown contortions into his hand.

"Charles is also a senior, Sunny. He is studying to be a veterinarian," offered Pastor Gabe. "Look, excuse me but I see someone trying to signal me. Will you excuse me?"

"Yes sir," replied Charles. Pastor Gabe departed and Charles continued, "I realize this is an awkward setting for you, isn't it?" He gave her appearance the once over. White sun dress with some abstract pattern of orange, green, brown, and peach over utility, brown flats. Comfortable with a hint of dressiness. The dress was not tight and not loose. Simple hair style and simple face with artfully applied makeup.

"Lordy knows," exclaimed Sunny. "So what brings you here? And in your senior year? It's rare for seniors to transfer." She locked onto his face to gauge his response. 

"Well, I was at a private school but my parents ran out of money, with the economy and all. Besides my grades were kind of a problem." The reaction on her face did not appear sympathetic. He looked away.

"Do you like your veterinary classes?"

"Oh, yes. I love the animals. I have tried to care for the injured ones in my neighborhood. We have two dogs and one cat at home. I like to play with them but I also like to watch native species in their habitat. I like to go birding."

"Birding? What is that?"

"Really, it is like hunting birds but with binoculars and a book. I like to see if I can find new species; new, that is, for me."

"Will you take me birding?"

"You?"

"What's wrong with me?" she asked with faux dejection. "How about tomorrow?"

"Sorry, Sunny. I thought of you as refined and not the kind of girl to stomp in the mud with mosquito spray on you. Sure. I'll take you but I don't know where to go, around here, yet.

"What kind of girl do you think I am?"

"Sorry again. Your dad said that you are studying project management. I didn't think..."

"Charles, you just tell me what you're looking for and I'll tell you where it's at, okay?"

Charlie hesitated as his brain whirled to figure out what she was referring to. "Well, for watching birds, I like a food source or a habitat. Is there a marsh nearby?"

"Just off the interstate is the green roof motel. Behind that is the river but the shore is swampy. We went there with Girl Scouts once."

"I'll meet you there before the sun comes up. That's when we can catch some waking birds."

"Sunny?" boomed her father. "Come here please."

"Okay," replied Sunny demurely but clearly annoyed. "Back to work. See you, Charlie."

6:00 AM NEXT MORNING

I turned round the back of the motel but parked aways away but near some other cars. It was early and the sun had not broken the horizon. I'm tired. I barely slept last night. Honestly, I was afraid that I'd sleep through the alarm and miss him. From my car I removed a portable chair and a lunch box with water bottles and bagels. With the car locked and bug spray in my pocket I trekked into the quiet woods a mile away. "Oh Lordy, is this the man you have for me? Give me a sign." What we do for men!

As I approached the line of saplings, the sound of the river could be heard. I followed a path and noticed an old car stopped on the dirt road. I looked inside and in the backseat I saw a 30-ish woman wearing sweats and a tee shirt. I stared at her, thinking she may be dead, but soon I noticed her chest rise and fall. A cheap pillow comforted her head.

I left the sleeper and continued into the woods. The fork to the left seemed to continue to higher ground. I set my seat a half mile in, and at the edge of the shore, where the earth became soft. I sat and waited and listened. I heard nothing. 

6:30 AM

I cautiously moved through the parking lot looking for Sunny. I did not see her or a car near the edge of the parking lot which abutted the marsh. Perhaps she had slept in, as I almost did, or perhaps she changed her mind. She would be a really kickin' girl to show up. A first, actually. My mind replayed our meeting several times and from several different points of view.

But now the picture in my head, the one that would not leave, was of Sunny standing in a forest with her back to me, naked. She had a shapely and soft rear with a gently, sloping waist and soft shoulders. Her brunette hair hung to mid shoulder and was perfectly layered. Going down, her legs were curvy and model perfect to her feet, which were covered in fall maple leaves.

"Sunny," I called. She turned and exuded a wanting-me smile. Her hair was perfect and her eyes shined above her ruby red lips, which seemed to whisper something like, "I want you." My eyes dropped down to her firm and full breasts. They rose and fell as she gently breathed. The pink-brown nipples just begged for my exploring hands. My eyes dropped, past her firm stomach, to her buzz-cut mound, which seemed to be excreting her fluids. She was thin enough that I could see through her legs and see the labia ridge extend backwards.

My dick struggled to push against my underwear for space. Yah, that scene was going to happen. In my wet dreams. I quickly reached into my pants make an adjustment before getting out of the car. I did not know what Sunny was driving but it was clear she wasn't here. I gathered my knapsack and walked down to a path that cars or trucks took. It was quiet and I was alone. I like it that way.

I continued down the path which gradually snaked into the woods and came across an old 90's Ford. It was ratty but it did not look abandoned. As I walked by, I noticed a woman with her eyes closed lying in the backseat. At first she seemed frozen but I soon noticed her tits rise and fall. She looked like she had been pretty once but was worn. Maybe it was the worn out gray sweatpants and the throw-out quality, stained tee shirt.

Further down the path I took the right fork which had a rich variety of flora. I set up my portable chair and unpacked my binoculars and the Audubon Field Guide to Southeastern Birds, my other bible. I could hear some common warblers and searched the shoreline with my field glasses.

In five minutes, the sun shared its light on the world. I became annoyed by the disturbing, obviously human caused sounds, of rustling leaves and occasional snapping branches as someone walked down the path. Any birds nearby would be either quickly flee or hide. This would be Sunny coming late and chasing all the birds and other wild things away. I quickly scanned the low skies and saw three wood thrushes rapidly depart from nearby.

Putting down the field glasses, I was surprised to recognize the intruder. It was the sleeper, carrying her makeup case and a towel. The woman seemed taller than most and had tangled brown hair. My eyes were immediately drawn to her tight, ratty, stained tee shirt. The distinct pattern of her nipples against the cotton material meant no bra. She applied some toothpaste to a brush, brushed her teeth, and spit out onto a low lying bush, rinsing methodically from a water bottle. To my astonishment, she next slid down her tacky, gray sweatpants and stepped out of them. She wore no panties, either. She turned her butt to me, squatted, and pissed all over the same short bush.

After finishing her business, she stripped off the shirt and revealed to me a perfect nude woman. She had large, if slightly sagging, breasts and an hour glass figure with extra padding for the years. She casually laid her sleeping clothes down and picked up her towel and small basket of plastic tubes. She walked to the shore with only her rubber sandals on. My eyes were forcefully bound to the view of the side to side undulating of her ass cheeks but I gained freedom as she lowered herself into the flowing water, hidden from others by the waterborne brush.

I watched her anew as if birding. She did all the normal things people must do in the morning. I stood up for a better view and watched the sleeper cleaning all of her body. I luxuriated in the private show for me. At length, my thoughts returned to me. My pulse was elevated, my forehead and armpits were sweaty, my penis was fully erect, but that happened often, and I noticed that my mouth was slightly parched. I reached down and cooled my dry mouth with a cool bottle of distilled. I looked toward the water and the sleeper began to return up the path. I noticed that she her legs were not shaved and focused upon her thick dark bush. Step by step her legs brought her up the path. She toweled off as she traveled.

"HI," she said as if blaring into my ears. "Do you like what you see?"

"Oh," I replied. I had neglected to hide. "Sorry, I couldn't help it." I turned my gaze away, completely embarrassed.

"You're not going to call the cops, are you?" she asked. "Look at me." My eyes returned to her face and she had covered her body with the long towel. "I live in my car. I just started work in that motel and I haven't been paid yet."

"Cops? No," I answered completely confused by her question. "Why?"

"No? Good. I've had a bad run of luck. Say, my name is Penny. What is your name?"

"Charlie," was all I could say staring at her face while my mind replayed her nakedness.

No longer defensive, she looked me over with ease as she resumed drying off the rest of her body. My eyes fixated on her shaking breasts. She looked at me seriously and asked, "Charlie, do you think I am pretty?" She laid the large towel upon the ground as if it were a beach towel on some sunny beach.

"Well, yes," I said as if uncontrollably vomiting out the words.

"Of course you do. I think you are a handsome man," she replied. "Charlie, are you a virgin?"

"What?" I stammered.

"Sorry, you don't have to answer," she said as she began to step toward me. "It's really none of my business. But Charlie, do you know what I know?"

"What, Penny?" I replied as she stood before me. She did not immediately answer but put her hands on my chest. I smelled her toothpaste breath.

"I know that you want to have wild animal sex with me. And the reason I know this is because," she paused to grasp my erect penis, "is because Little Charlie told me so. So Charlie, get undressed." Penny returned to the towel and sat down in the middle. "I need a man, Charlie. A strong man. A hard man." With her elbow holding her torso up to look at me, she seemed to delight with watching me hurriedly undress.

At last I was naked. Penny spread her legs wide apart and said, "Okay, superman. Time to rescue Lois Lane. Bring Little Charlie to Mama." I kneeled between her spread legs and steadied my body with one hand. The other hand guided my erect penis along the wet canal of her lips. Electric sensations radiated up, through my stomach, to my brain as the penis made physical contact. I enjoyed the slow ride up and down.

"There," she said. "There," she said again. "Stick it in. I love you darlin' but I have to get to work some time today." I pressed in the penis and it somehow slid in. I slid it in deeper still. It felt so good. I pulled back and it popped out.

"Charlie," Penny said with mild exasperation, "stick it in and leave it in. I'll do the work for you."

With my penis firmly inside of Penny, the pleasure began to radiate throughout my body. "Charlie, my tits. They're both lonely. Kiss my tits, Charlie." I angled my body to apprehend one of her breasts in my mouth. The nipples were soft. I did mock biting, which excited me. My breathing raced my tongue was dry again. The lower bladder, which collected the cum, had filled to the max and I fought to hold it in to keep the pleasure stroking through my body.

Penny stopped dead. I looked at her. "From here on, I'm on top. Get off." I pulled out of her and she rolled to the side. She bade me to lie where she had been. I laid flat on the towel and she looked at me. "You know, Charlie, you're really supposed to kiss a girl before you fuck her. It's okay afterwards, too, but..."

I leaned into her to kiss. She responded with an open mouth kiss and clasped her hands around my head. I was prisoner to her tongue. It felt good and I fondled her breasts with my free hand. My breathing slowed down. Penny stopped and stood up, over my body, with her feet on each side.

She squatted, grabbed my fully erect and slightly relaxed dick in her hands, and guided Little Charlie into her sweet spot. She gently lowered her body onto me and began to pump up and down. I followed as best I could but she gave me limited movement. I felt totally in her and struggled hard to force my penis far up her. The pleasure again swept over me like a summer fever. My breathing increased and my toes curled. My organ felt as if the pressure would burst.

Inexplicably, Penny stopped pounding away at me and, with her arms bent like a chicken, squawked, "Bawk! Bawk! Bawk! Bawk!" She stood up and circled me as if she were a hunting hawk.

She stopped and said in a mean, guttural voice, said, "That's all you get from me, virgin. Now jerk yourself off. You know how to do it well. I know who you are. You're nothing. Go away and don't come back!"

I lay there stunned. Despite my penis covered in Penny's juices and my pre-cum, I became ashamed of myself. I did not want her to see me naked. I immediately stood up, snatched my clothes, retreated further down the path, and got dressed.

Cautiously, I returned down the wooded path to retrieve my camera and stuff and heard the sleeper sobbing. She had her underwear on and was stepping into her maid's uniform when she saw me. "I'm sorry. So sorry, Charlie," she whimpered. "It happens every time. I don't know what comes over me."

"You're mean," I replied. "Sex is supposed to be beautiful."

"I know," she said. "What did I say?"

"You don't know?"

"No," she replied demurely as she finished the last of the buttons. "I never know." She answered with a blank expression.

"Let me see what I can do. If I find help will you at least go with me?"

"Shrinks have only taken my money."

"What do you have to lose?"

"Lose? I'm living in my car, haven't eaten in two days, and I've lost my mind. Lose? Okay, I'll give it a shot. Once."

Something from within ordered me to give her some money. I produced a twenty. She politely refused at first but snatched it and thanked me, offering to repay after she cashed her first check. I walked purposefully up the trail and back to my car in the motel parking lot. I called Pastor Gabe at my first opportunity.

10:00 AM

"It's good to see you again so soon, Charlie," said Pastor Gabe as he welcomed me into his study. The room was a librarian's nightmare, with books, videos, folders scattered all over the room and seemingly jammed into the bookcases instead of purposely loaded. He had a Holy Bible, concordance, and the ubiquitous computer off to one side of his desk for sermon preparation. "How did your birding adventure go with Sunny this morning?"

"I never saw her. I overslept so she must have returned home," I replied. "Sir, I am embarrassed to tell you but I had an experience this morning which I have never heard about before, except in wild tales. I am hoping that you will know what to do. May I tell you this in confidence?"

"Yes, Charlie. In our order we are sworn to secrecy. If you have committed a crime, your secret is safe with me. The law respects our confidence except in cases of pedophilia; we must report that immediately."

"Oh, it's nothing like that," replied and gulped as if preparing to bungee jump down a 150 foot ravine. "On my way birding I met a woman sleeping in her car. I went past and I did not find Sunny so I set up a blind and started observing birds. After the sun came up the sleeper walked down the path not far from me. She brushed her teeth, peed in the bushes, stripped off her clothes and bathed in the river. I watched her, I admit, and I stood to see her in the river." Just reviewing the scene made my penis become hard. "Well, she caught me staring at her. After drying off, she put the towel down on the ground. She laid in the middle of the towel, spread her legs, and told me to take my clothes off. I did."

"That is certainly unusual," answered Pastor Gabe with a combination of amusement and disbelief.

"No, that's not the odd part," I answered. "I laid on top of her and was almost ready when she stopped. She told me to switch positions and got on top." Pastor Gabe squirmed uncomfortably in his chair. "When I got going again, she stopped and began to squawk like a chicken. She walked about as a chicken and then with a low, mean voice she told me things that she could not have known. I left and got dressed. Later I saw her again. She said that men tell her about the chicken dance and the mean voice but she never remembers it. What do you think it is, Pastor Gabe?"

"I have never heard of anything like it. Sounds like she needs psychological help."

"She's tried that. Demons. I thought of the legion of demons in the man in the cemetery. I think she needs an exorcism."

"Demons? That's powerful stuff. We should be careful. Let's pray on it and meet back after lunch, okay Charlie?"

4:30 PM

Pastor Gabe met Charlie and Penelope at the door of the church rectory. Charlie and Penny did not conceal their nervousness as well as Pastor Gabe. Penny, still in her maid's uniform, sat down and crossed her legs. For an instant, Charlie's mind's eye played back the scene in the woods of Penny walking from shore to blanket. Reluctantly, Charlie flushed the thought out of his mind.

Pastor Gabe began, "Charlie has told me about you briefly but I would like to hear it from you."

"The short story is, whenever I have sex, I end up squawking like a bird and ridiculing the man. They tell me man-like voices tell them things that I do not know. It's driving me nuts. No man in his right mind would want me. I'm so frustrated."

"Are you saved?"

"No. I don't know. I went to church as a little girl. I was spiritual in college and I sought all kinds of religions. I even met a man who was a witch."

"Witch or warlock? Eh, it doesn't matter. How about after that?"

"I think we dated for years but I really don't remember."

"I don't know if this is going to work but Charlie and I are going to perform an exorcism. It can't hurt you but may help you. Is that okay with you, Penny?"

"Yes. Sure. I'm so sick of this I'll try anything."

"If I am successful then would you like to replace the demon spirits with the Holy Spirit of God?"

"The Holy Spirit of God? That's kind of radical. I don't think so; God doesn't want me. I'm a mess."

"If we get the demons out, soon they will return unless you've taken steps to keep them out. No problem. We'll talk about it afterwards. Now, just sit back and close your eyes, Penelope. Relax. Lord, we ask for Your special assistance with this matter at this time. In the name of Jesus Christ and all things holy, Charles and I command any demon in Penelope to identify yourself. You are commanded to answer now." There was no sound but Penny's shallow breathing.
