 Being a sexy bitch was a liberating experience. Roger could tell by the way his best friend swished her sexy curves among the tables, appearing to save her smile and her beauty for something better.

Tatiana didn't smile when she approached him, as one would expect considering he was her supposed best friend.

Instead she opened her mouth and spewed out, "Roger, what the hell, another cup of coffee? You'll be pissin all day."

Then she laughed and her gorgeous features lit up. Tatiana's voluptuous breasts jiggled.

Just looking at her made him hard. Roger smiled and took her shit like he always did. Just being around Tatiana was enough. He looked at her closely as she told off yet another customer with a smirk. Her long, thick, hair that had been placed haphazardly in a large floppy bun on the top of her head looked like it was going to give way. What he wouldn't give to be the one to ram through that protective sheath that preserved her sacred virginity while stroking her gorgeous mane of full, thick hair.

Tatiana didn't wear a stitch of makeup, but her radiance and pure beauty still shone through. Her lips were so full, her ass was so perfect. Absolutely perfect. Roger would come in just to look at that beautiful creation he had been emotionally catering to, for the last six months.

The woman Tatiana was talking to stood up suddenly in a huff, after fumbling in her purse to leave the exact change for her order.

"Do you believe that woman; she didn't want to pay for extra cream for her coffee! What a cheap bitch," Tatiana laughed. 

Roger looked at the beauty in front of him and wondered why she didn't even try to be nice. Other people put aside their moods to be polite and kind. Positivity was catchy, but she always chose to be mean. Tatiana liked fucking with her customers. It was then that she smiled. It lit up her face and made her extraordinarily beautiful. 

Roger knew he would never have a chance. He was her sounding board and that was it. During the past six months he had always been there for her, helping her move when she needed it, taking her bad attitude with a smile and nod, never criticizing, just continually offering never ending support. The restaurant manager was hooked on her ass too and didn't want to give it up either. He just did not want to fire that sexy, hot, perfectly shaped ass.

A few minutes later Roger looked up when he heard the commotion. The woman with the cream incident was back and her and Tatiana were screaming, "fuck you" at each other, on a Monday morning. The full restaurant quickly started to empty.

Al, the manager, sadly came out from behind the kitchen and said, "Sorry babe, I have to let you go. You can't be doing that shit with people. You have a bad attitude, you need to fix that. You can't be fucking with people just for something to do. You gotta find a way to make yourself happy."

His instinct told him she just needed to be fucked the upside of Monday and she'd lose that never ending bitchy feeling she expressed in every direction. But it was not his place to say.

Sloppy puddles of wetness poured down her face. Her body heaved, then she stormed out in an energized rage. Roger quickly paid his bill and followed her out. 

"I don't know what I'm going to do now. I was counting on that money and tips to make my rent. Now what am I suppose to do?" Tatiana blurted out between sobs.

Roger had helped her out many times before make good on late rent payments. In fact, he saved her, oh so very sexy ass, three out of the six months since she arrived in town.

"Sorry honey, I'm all tapped out," Roger said pulling his pant pockets inside out and pouting as they walked down the street. 

Tatiana knew Roger's roommates had a strict, "no women staying over too often" policy and they would ask him to leave in no time if she intruded on their space.

"I have an idea though," Roger offered, eager to stop her tears.

"The semi annual Splurge is coming up before the end of the month and you'd have the money in time to pay the rent."

"What the fuck? You've got to be fucking kidding me. The Splurge? No fucking way. You know I'm a virgin. I would never do that; even if I end up on the streets it would be better than being a participant. I know the deal with your roommates at your place, so I won't even ask. I'll figure it out."

"No, it will be okay babe. I promise you. You can do this. You won't have to have sex. You can fake it and collect the cash. I have another friend who is willing to do this too. She's desperate for cash. She's sweet and gorgeous. I told her, Alison, that's her name, that I would ask around. I think you two would be a perfect fit."

He adjusted his pants. They were all of sudden very tight. Roger willed his erection to settle down as he had, had to do so many times before. 

Looking at Tatiana's perfect lips he added, "Working at the Splurge office gives me access to what we need to pull this off. Listen. You know how the Splurge is set up right?"

"Not really," she replied.

"It's a semi annual event. Participation is on a volunteer basis. Participants receive $2000 and entrants pay $4000. The rules state that condoms will be used at all times. If a participant is engaged with another they are off limits unless an invitation is extended to be included. It begins at 6:00am and ends 24 hours later. Entrants get unlimited free sex from the participants and can find them by the use of a radio transmitter that sends off signals when they are a hundred feet from a volunteer. But here is the catch."

Roger's pants were getting tighter and his face was flushed. This would be his moment.

He turned his attention to the wide eyed young beauty in front of him and really focused on her beauty. Roger knew his age alone would never allow her to be attracted to him. It didn't stop him. He jerked off many times thinking about Tatiana's oh so fine curves.

"This is what you do. Alison is young too, close to your age. She needs the money but unlike you she isn't a virgin. I can get the tool that removes the bracelet that identifies Alison as a participant, and I can set up both of your signals so they are timed perfectly in sync. Anyone that may find you will be turned away since you are already engaged with Alison. She will be wearing a soft mask and appropriate clothing, and your combined signals will only give off one sound. You'll get privacy so you don't have to be with Alison sexually. Just pretend to be into each other when someone comes around. The prospects will knock and go away when they see you are busy. Does that sound like the perfect plan?" explained Roger proudly.

"I'll have to think about it," Tatiana said reluctantly agreeing to consider the idea. "Are you sure this will work? You sure nothing will mess up?"

Tatiana didn't have many choices with no family in town and being new to the city. She wasn't going to go home as a failure, and now her six months at the diner was over.

After continuous coaxing she reluctantly agreed to meet up with Alison the next day. Alison was surprised to see that the beautiful, buxom, brunette in front of her was a willing participant. If it wasn't for Tatiana's rude mouth a handsome stranger would likely have romanced her away from the diner a long time ago, but her attitude made Tatiana unattractive.

Alison had been prewarned about Tatiana's sassy mouth so she didn't take offense to her negative persona. Instead Alison looked at Tatiana with kindness and considered her a lost soul worth saving.

Alison had never been attracted to other women but as they completed their participation papers she felt a tingling in her pussy while looking at Tatiana. The woman was amazingly gorgeous. She dismissed it, considering it normal because of what they were about to do. The tingle intensified when she considered how far things might, or could go.

When the six am start time arrived the beautiful girls were ready. Alison held her mask in her hand. She was wearing a sexy, light purple, matching lace half bra and panties, under a terry cloth robe. Tatiana also looked ravishing in fuchsia pink, as per their participant agreement and the girls had set up the living room to invite sexual play. The rules had details that needed to be observed for the payment to be issued. Alison took a picture of the decor, herself (mask and robe off) and Tatiana, with her phone for the payment office.

Then Alison used the cutters to snip off her bracelet. She again put on the terry cloth robe and had her mask ready for when there was a knock on the door. They sat on the bed together and waited.

It didn't take long for the first knock. The mask the man was wearing revealed nothing, but the body revealed everything. He was big. A monster of a man. Alison answered the knock wearing her mask. She looked up at the man and knew this hulk of a man would rip through Tatiana's virginity with a vengeance and that was the last thing she wanted.

The stranger could see the beautiful subject through the slit in the open door. What she was wearing made his cock hard. Her Barbie body and thick brunette hair were amazing. This was a girl worth waiting for.

Sheer fuchsia panties, a skimpy bra top, with black fishnets and a garter, accented with flowing, thick, luscious, hair greeted his greedy eyes. 

Not everyone was accepted. With Alison and Tatiana there was no question. They had been accepted by the Splurge office immediately. They were both hot as hell.

"Okay man, I see you're busy, I'll fuck her brains out later!" said the burly man all set to move on to enjoy every single moment of this Semi Annual Fuckathon.

The sequence replayed itself repeatedly. Then along came Stewart.

After Alison and Tatiana did their little routine Stewart presented a different response.

"Listen babes, you have fun, I'm just going to wait around, okay. Something tells me you're worth waiting for," Stewart said looking at Tatiana and winking.

After an hour there was another knock. They hesitated to answer knowing who it was. He made himself heard through the door.

"Look I don't understand. I don't hear anything. No moans or groans, or sounds of pleasure. I don't think you two are doing anything," he said in a stern tone. Stewart was tired of waiting.

The girls opened the door and looked up guiltily at the man who could expose them. Why didn't they think of music Alison wondered? She already felt a close and protective bond towards the gorgeous creature she was in this adventure with.

"Look bitches. It looks like you're trying to cheat the system and I didn't pay good money to be cheated, especially when that wench is such a hot little morsel," Stewart said indicating his desire for Tatiana.

Alison stepped over to Tatiana and placed her lips tentatively on hers. Her body felt electrified instantly. Sensations flowed. Alison told herself she was doing it to prove a point, but inside she knew. This girl was wildly attractive and her body was responding to Alison's kiss.

"Hmmm, keep going girl, I'm sure likin this," Stewart said his cock springing to attention the moment Alison dropped her terry cloth robe and revealed her stunning figure. 

These two hot babes got a definite rise out of him.

Alison whispered in Tatiana's ear, "Go with it. We have no other choice. Hopefully he'll realize he's wrong and leave. Act it out."

Tatiana responded by running her hand from the top of Alison's head til her finger dipped between the soft folds of her upturned smile. Alison looked deep into Tatiana's eyes. She was incredibly turned on by her beauty. Her eyes never left Tatiana's as she slowly took off her front bra clasp, letting Tatiana's full breasts fall free and stand proud.

A slow whistle could be heard from Stewart's direction.

Tatiana followed her lead taking off Alison's' bra. Soon both beauties stood before Stewart topless.

"Let me in girls," he begged.

There was no response. They were obviously very into each other and not prepared to stop.

Alison lifted and cupped the beautiful virgin's tits as the stranger watched.

Then suddenly Tatiana gasped when she felt her nipple harden between Alison teeth. The surge of feeling from her nipple to her pussy caught her by surprise. She gave into the delicious, decadent feeling. A blissful smile traced her lips as Alison's fingers dipped into Tatiana's pussy.

Tatiana seemed to melt before her as Alison worked her pussy and clit while their eyes connected. The soft mask Alison wore left only the eyes, nose, and mouth visible, but the pair were definitely connected. Mind, body and soul.

"Okay, okay," the stranger muttered, after asking again if he could join them. Stewart finally give up and promised to try later.

When he left Alison closed the door and turned around to look at Tatiana. She was radiant and their mutual attraction was obvious.

Alison sat down on the bed beside her new friend.

"It looks like we dodged a bullet there. The penalty for getting caught cheating is steep."

Tatiana nodded, "Look about what just happened...

The end of her sentence was cut short by another knock on the door, followed by many more. Each attempt initiated more romantic sexual play between the two women. The chemistry between them was obvious to every adventure seeker that knocked on the door eager for a hard fuck. Their routine was always followed by men promising to return later. The girls wondered if maybe the men would just find someone else that was available.

By 3:00 am the two girls looked at each other and discussed the possibly that they could be in the clear.

"I think we might have done it. But what a wild ride. I've never been turned on and cut short so many times in my life," Alison remarked tentatively, feeling the waters and sneaking glances at her new friend. There had been no knocks on the door for a couple of hours.

"Me too," Tatiana admitted quietly, an attractive blush accenting her gorgeous body and face.

It was undeniable that both girls had been turned on. Their flushed skin, hard nipples, wet pussies and soft moans gave them both away.

By 4:00 am a crowd of men began gathering outside the door. They were unsure of whether to obey the rules or not, being that the morsel inside was beyond delicious. The longer they waited, the bolder they became.

A knock on the door.

When Alison opened the door she was surprised. Six of the men who had assured the girls they would be back, were back, and so was the very first one. The one they both were afraid would rip them apart with his size. Then another masked man entered the back of the line. Dismay at the length of the line up was shown on the late comer's masked face.

Alison sunk back into the room and looked wide eyed at Tatiana.

"They're getting restless. I don't know what is going to happen."

She gave Tatiana a big hug. 

"We'll get through this together." 

There was silence outside the door, but for how long. After a little while, a voice behind a mask from the very back of the line piped up. Time was running out and Roger knew it.

"Listen carefully to the signal guys. There is something wrong with the signal. The beep is longer than the ones I've had all night. I bet they are both Splurge Sluts for the Night." 

"Oh yeah, you're right, now that you mention it," another replied.

After a brief discussion the seven men barged into the room and demanded the women separate.

Two men held Alison down, then picked up her foot looking at the bottom of it. The participant tattoo was what he found.

"You sluts," said the big, burly, man. "You're both participants and scammers. Now you're gonna get fucked senseless for making us wait! You wasted our time. You're gonna get rammed so fucking hard, you hot nasty bitches."

"Fuck yeah, what a score!" called out one of the men.

"Look we have to make it a draw! That's the only fair way," piped up the man who called himself Roy, trying to buy time. 

Roger, (Roy) didn't really savour the idea of his sexy bitch getting fucked aggressively by the frustrated men around him. He didn't know how she would take it. 

They argued a bit but as a group reluctantly agreed to draw to see who would fuck which sexy bitch first. They didn't want to waste their opportunities by fighting. Each name was put into a ball cap.

"I should go first since I was the one that told you sods about the signal," demanded Roy.

"Okay, okay, Roy, you're first. Now pick until you get the girl's name and then we'll put the rest of the names back in."

Tatiana came up. Roger aka Roy was thrilled. 

The girls waited in separate rooms for their fate. One man would draw the next name when their time was over, then text the next lucky guy whose turn it was.

"I could use a drink," said the burly monster.

Roger knew this was his moment. It was Tatiana's first time. He remembered all the times she had bitched him out and teased him like he was nothing. Roger felt no remorse for what was about to happen. He earned this. Tatiana was his investment and it was time to cash in on her luscious curves. And that sweet sexy ass. Man he wanted to plow that hot, sexy, ass. In his mind Roger had earned the right to fuck the babe of his dreams. 

Tatiana looked up at the masked man that entered her room.

"Turn around," her suitor said disguising his voice while pulling out a blind fold from his pocket.

Roger vowed not to let her look at him, and possibly recognize him. Trembling with desire he put on the blindfold gently. Roger couldn't believe it. After all the shit and abuse he would get his just desserts. Roger turned the newly blindfolded Tatiana back around and took in her beauty. She was stunning.

Roger then proceeded to deflower the temptress that had invaded his thoughts and had inspired lustful dreams that needed fulfilling. Tatiana arched her back and moaned softly as he toyed with her beautiful, full breasts and taut nipples. Her nipples were brown, and tight, and so beautiful. 

Roger licked and nibbled and teased Tatiana's proud, firm breasts; watching her reactions with excitement. Fuck she was gorgeous. In that half hour a multitude of emotions crossed his mind. Caring thoughts, combined with a demanding need to satisfy an urge for revenge for all the nasty remarks he endured entered his mind. Tatiana was taking it all in with lustful wonder.

Before Roger entered Tatiana for the first time, and claimed her virginity, Roger dragged his finger down from her sexy lips to her very, wet pussy, very slowly. He placed them slightly inside her. Watching her, he worked her sweet cunt then he kissed her delicate full lips until she moaned into his lips. She was really feeling it now. He could feel how into it she was.

Roger bowed his head and found a comfortable place between Tatiana's legs. He swirled his tongue across her swollen labia. Then he teased and toyed with Tatiana, responding to her moans of pleasure with increased attention to her hot spots. The spots that made his succulent beauty, buck and moan and swim in an ocean of passion. After she came, Roger moved his cunt drenched fingers to her mouth.

"Taste your pleasure gorgeous. You're so beautiful. Suck each finger slowly for me."

He watched her do as she was told and said while disguising his voice again, "You taste good baby, see."

Tatiana tasted her sweet liquid and sighed. She wanted this masked stranger inside her. And she wanted him now. Her need was great.

Then Tatiana felt her legs being spread wide once again. She felt a surge of endorphins. Tatiana licked her lips and her firm, attractive legs parted with willing desire. She had resigned herself to the fact that her virginity would be taken by this man, this masked stranger. She considered how wildly erotic it was and hoped he would be a good lover and she would enjoy the experience.
