 "Excuse me! Do you have a moment to talk about the environment?" Lewis said, in as approachable a voice he could muster.

"No. No. No. No. No thank you." said the passing man, with a frustrated bend to his words. Lewis shoulders slumped but he didn't let his cheery demeanor falter

It's not easy to stand out in the sun and subject yourself to this kind of abuse. Think about what these types of charity-raising, clipboard-holding saps endure every time they volunteer to try and tell YOU about the environment. Just 8 hours of pure "Fuck you." You wouldn't last five minutes trying to do what they do without screaming at the thirtieth person in a row to brush you off. But Lewis never yells and he never loses his composure. He bears all this shit in the hope that he can do something good for the world. What a guy.

Today, Lewis was clipboarding away on the quad. He stood on one side of the path. On the other side, some of the girls from the Delta Phi sorority were setting up a table for some event of their own. Lewis didn't take much notice of them until Cara McNulty entered the scene. Cara was in Lewis's acting class and she was very good, but not a fucking psycho in real life, like all other theater majors. She was incredibly sweet and had an infectious enthusiasm when she got excited about something. Once you got to know her, as Lewis had a fair bit, she also revealed a sharp, self-effacing sense of humor that took you by surprise.

Lewis realized in this moment that he quite liked her and probably had for a while now. It was one of the first sunny days of spring and all the girls, not just Cara, were excitedly breaking out their warm weather clothes. It's truly an unexpected and welcome miracle that, even with so much pain in the world, we live in a point in time where women just goddamn love to wear very few clothes. Today, Lewis had noticed, Cara's incredible body was practically singing it looked so good in her tight pink polo, short white skirt, and white Ked sneakers. 

Blonde little goody two-shoes Cara McNulty, on that day, in this light, looked like such an on-the-nose vision of the girl next door. But goddamn it if she wasn't making it fucking work for her.

Lewis tried not to obvious about his glancing over at the four or so sorority sisters but eventually Cara caught his eye for him. She waved, happily, and Lewis's heart did a little flip. It was not impossible that maybe she liked him too.

"How are you, dude?" she called from across the path. Lewis smiled.

"I'm good! You look tan!" he replied.

She laughed and did a goofy little 'look-at-me' pose. "Oh why thank you sir."

Lewis asked, "Whatcha setting up for?" The other three girls had finished setting up the table and now one of them was climbing a large ladder to, it seemed, hang a banner from one of the many lamp posts adorning the path through the quad.

"Oh, we've got a fundraiser coming up so we can afford to like, ya know, clean and eat and not die and all those things?"

"And throw parties," Lewis teased.

She threw her hands on her hips goofily and over-confidently replied, "Yeah huh!"

Lewis's laugh was cut short by the sound of a scream and the ladder falling away from the lamp. It all was over in a matter of seconds but Lewis reacted so quickly he felt the whole moment occur in slow motion. He sprinted to where the falling ladder was going to land, screamed "JUMP" to the girl on top falling faster and faster, and caught the entire force of her in his arms as she leapt to abandon the heavy thing. They both fell to the ground but he cushioned her fall immensely.

Both Lewis and the girl were breathing hard on the adrenaline of the moment. It was Cara who broke the silence. "Lewis, oh my god! That was amazing. You saved Michelle."

Lewis tried to be humble but couldn't catch his breath, "I— didn't... (pant pant) She woulda— been fine. I just (pant)..."

"No. No way. She could have gotten her leg caught in between it as it fell on her, or she could have flipped forward and landed on her head. That could have been really bad and you saved her from it." The other girls nodded. A small crowd had formed in the wake of the action.

"It's true." Everyone was surprised to hear the girl on the ground speak. Michelle, Cara had said. "You're my hero." Everyone chuckled, and awed, and clapped as Michelle threw her arms around Lewis. The shock had worn off enough enough that Lewis could actually smile and enjoy the moment. The other girls helped him and Michelle to their feet.

Cara said, "I wish there was some way we could repay you."

The perfect idea dawned on Michelle. "Cara. We should let him spin the wheels."

Cara's mouth dropped in excitement. "What. A good. Idea. Ohhhhh my god, that's SUCH a good idea, Michelle. Lewis, do you want to spin the wheels?"

Lewis was so charmed by this girl's bouncy energy. She was just so goddamn cute... but he had no idea what she was talking about. He shrugged and said, "Uh, sure! I mean... what is it?" All four girls looked at each other grinning from ear to ear. They were all excited, not just Cara.

One of the women Lewis didn't know said, "We use the wheels at special events we throw at our sorority. They're a prize. Only certain people at this school know about them, but we make a KILLING with them at our fundraisers. People have paid thousands of dollars for the chance to spin the wheels."

Lewis was still smiling but as he looked back and forth between them it was clear none of them would explain further. "I guess... yeah, uh, lead on! Let's go! Let's spin the wheel, Vanna." 'You fucking dork,' thought Lewis. All the girls laughed.

"Oh my god, you're such a dork. What a cutie. Come on." As he followed the four of them down the path and off towards their house, Lewis distinctly overheard two guys talking about him.

"That dude is gonna get to spin the wheels?"

"I know bro. He doesn't even..." But that was all he caught. A small prickling sensation had been building in the back of Lewis's head. It wasn't going away.

——————

Lewis sat on a large couch by himself in the empty living room. When he and the girls arrived, they had quickly planted him there and scurried out of the room. He could hear them talking in some room down the hall but couldn't make out exactly what their hushed, excited whispers were saying.

The four of them emerged, wheeling in with them a rather elaborate and well-made contraption that resembled a set piece you might see on an actual game-show. It looked like it had been constructed after one of those mobile chalkboards but with three colorful, spinnable wheels affixed equally apart from each other on the large, rectangular center piece.

The girls stopped and waited there, smiling. Lewis expected someone to speak but they just stood there, looking pleased. He was about to open his mouth and ask when he saw them... the words. Lewis got up slowly and moved closer to the wheels. He had to make sure he was reading the words written on them correctly. Step by step he drew closer but they still didn't change. Lewis stared at these words, his brain furiously trying to determine if it was imaging things or if his eyes had failed him somehow.

He walked all the way across the room until he was face to face with the device staring at one of the segements. It bore one simple word: "Fuck." He felt lightheaded as he looked at the rest of the wheels.

Each of the eight segments on each wheel bore words like "Pussy" or "Mouth" or "Ass" or "Mouth." Words like "suck," "striptease," and "slutty nurse." Words like "on the lawn" or "make a movie" or "call your ex." As he scanned his eyes over all of these segments, processing what this could possibly all mean, he finally got to the last wheel.

On the last wheel, the segments read: "Michelle." "Talia." "Jen." "Cara." In between those segments, there were four smaller segments designed to be harder to land on. Those four bore the same word: "All."

Lewis only blinked at them, his heart slamming into his chest so hard he was sure people could hear it on the outside. He looked at the girls again. He expected them to have just disappeared. But there they were; still just smiling their excited smiles. They were smiling the way you used to smile when you were a kid and you were told you were getting McDonalds. It's the smile of someone who's about to get their favorite thing.

"So I..." started Lewis. His voice was quiet and he could only manage to speak on the exhale. "I get to spin the wheels." Cara nodded. "And you girls—"

"Have to do whatever it says, no matter what, and we can't say no? That's right," Cara said. Her tone was so casual and confident. Lewis was sure he was going wake up any second.

"All b- because..." he stammered again.

"Because you saved me," said Michelle cheerily.

"Because your such a good guy," said Talia. Or maybe it was Jen. Lewis still wasn't sure which was which.

"And if... when we do the thing the wheel tells us to do, the other girls will... what?"

Cara bit her lip. "Wait for their turn," she said simply.

Lewis literally forgot to keep breathing. He later thought he must have looked like he died right there on his feet. Maybe he did.

"So I'll get to... for all four of you."

They all just nodded. Michelle said, "We could keep talking about it or we could just see it in action." Before he could say another word the girls turned around and with practiced synchronization, they each grabbed a wheel and spun. The wheels made a satisfying, harmonizing "brtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtr" as they twirled around colorfully. Lewis just watched, still not believing.

Wheel one landed on "Fuck" and Lewis's legs almost gave out underneath him. 'Get a fucking grip,' he furiously commanded to himself. 'This is happening. This is real.'

Wheel two landed on "Police Officer" and Lewis could only guess what that might mean. Wheel three landed on Talia. The girl with a wild mane of curly red hair turned and started rummaging through a box Lewis had only just noticed. She turned around with a retrieved pair of handcuffs and proceeded to walk very close to Lewis..

He took her in: Her eyes were green and brilliant, her skin was dotted with adorable freckles, and her lovely lips were pouting and curved mischievously. It must be a biiiiiig fucking problem when she walks into a room where people are to get anything done other than stare at her body. Even her simple grey jeans and white t-shirt looked incredibly on her ridiculous figure.

The other girls took a seat. Talia dangled the handcuffs in front of her and said, "Would like me to be officer or would you like to be the officer?"

Lewis was determined to just roll with this now despite still having a million questions. Before he could second guess himself he said, "Me. I'll be the officer." Talia seemed to like that answer. She put her hands behind her and immediately clinked the handcuffs shut around her wrists. 

Her transformation was immediate. She dropped to her knees, struggled against the cuffs like her life depended on it, and started to scream. "PLEASE OFFICER! OH PLEASE, DON'T ARREST ME. Please, I can't. I can't, I won't be able to handle it. I'm so scared. Please don't take me to jail." Lewis watched her, stunned. There was such real desperation in her eyes. "Please Mr. Police Officer, don't do it. I'll do anything. I will do fucking anything." At those words, her eyes flashed and suddenly she looked positively animalistic. She bounced up and down from her knees.

Lewis said after a moment, "I'm sorry ma'am. The law is the law."

Talia didn't miss a beat. "No, but see you don't get it. When I say I'll do anything, I mean absolutely anything. If you say you want to fuck me on the ground in the dirt and leave me here naked and leaking your cum out of my pussy, then you can fucking do it. Just don't take me to jail. Please. Whatever fucked up thing you've always wanted to do, fucking DO IT," she growled, practically screaming those last two words. "Fucking do it. Just don't arrest me. Please."

That tingle of anticipation that had begun in the back of Lewis's neck was now a crackling fire that raged through his entire body. It felt like power.

"Stand up," Lewis said. Talia stood up wobbly and unbalanced because of her confined hands.

"Here we go," Michelle whispered to Cara. Cara just nodded and didn't take her eyes off the scene.

"Take off your shirt and give it to me. And your pants." 

"I'm in handcuffs."

"Do you have the key?"

"No. Why would I have the key? If you want to get my clothes off, you're going to have to do it yourself."

Lewis stepped up to her and undid the top button of her jeans. She was breathing heavily and Lewis could see her hardened nipples poking through her shirt. Even though he knew she was playing a character, she was in fact enjoying this. He slid down the zipper and began to pull her jeans and panties down. He did so while still making eye contact and eventually they were stuck around her ankles.

Without blinking she said, "My hands and feet are both bound now. I am completely helpless; truly at your disposal. There's nothing I could say or do to stop you from doing whatever you want. Does that make your fucking cock hard?"

"Yes," Lewis managed.

"Rip my shirt off already." Lewis wasn't even sure he could do that but he got behind her and tried all the same. His body was pressed up against her bottomless ass as he reached around, firmly grabbed two parts of sheer white t-shirt and pulled as hard as he could. The shirt gave way with a satisfying rip. The sound of the rip sent a very real shiver throughout Talia's body and she let out an involuntary, "Unnnhhhh."

She was now bound by the cuffs around her hands, bound by the clothes stuck around her feet, and completely exposed. Lewis wasn't sure what to do next. He said, "Um..." 

She quickly responded in a helpful whisper, "Force me onto the ground." All out of nowhere, Lewis suddenly moved with a burst viciousness of which he did not know he was capable. He grabbed her by the cuffs and the throat and tumbled dangerously and awkwardly to the ground. He barely got his hands around in time to keep her head from hitting the floor.

"Are you okay?" he whispered.

She responded only by grinding her bare ass into his clothed crotch. "Of course I'm not okay," she whined with a horny moan. "A big mean police officer is going to force his way into my pussy with his BIG. FAT. DICK." She thrust back onto him to puncuate each word. "Ohhhh fuck. I'm such a helpless little bitch and my only chance to get away is to whore myself out to you. Get it out. Get your fat fucking dick out already, baby, and fucking take what you want from me."

Lewis's cock at this point was screaming to get free. When he finally managed to undo his buckle and let it out, the other girls nodded and smiled appreciatively. "Perfect," said Cara. "A perfectly sized cock. Ugh, this just keeps getting better, I can't wait."

All eight inches of Lewis's dick had reached a level of hard he didn't know was possible. He got down on his knees behind the bound Talia, and without any warning, just went ahead and shoved it inside her. She cried out in ecstasy, "YEEEAHHssshuhuhuhYES. Oh yes, just slam that fucking big dick inside me. Oh, it's sooo big in my little FUCKing pussy."

Lewis craned himself over her and put a hand on her head, pushing her face into the floor. As he sawed his dick in and out of her hole he asked, "Do you like that cock?"

"I doooooooOOOOoooo. I do, I fucking love that cock. I fucking neeeeeEEEeeed a BIG. FAT. COCK. I can't have small dicks. I need a big one like yours to fuck my shit up. FUCK." The way her speech shook and fell into rhythm with each of his thrusts drove Lewis absolutely wild. "Take what you fucking want from me baby. FuuuUUuuuuUUCK I'm cumminnnggggg yes yes yes ohhhhhh."

Lewis continued to pump her hard. "You ARE a whore aren't you?"

"I am. I'm a fucking whore. I like this. I like getting fucked in the dirt by a big rough man. Just use me up. Use me up."

"I'm gonna cum."

"Cum on my asshole, sir!"

Lewis pulled his cock out and gave the lady what she wanted. She shook and moaned and twitched as his dick shot an absurd amount of cum on her asshole, pussy and ass cheeks. They both stayed there for a moment, her naked and a mess, him sweaty and still with most of his clothes on. Jen had gone to the box to dig something out. She came over with a key and unlocked Talia's handcuffs. The other girls applauded Talia.

"Incredible!" shouted Michelle. "Simply stunning."

Jen said, "Guys, I like can't see straight I'm so horny."

"Well you'll have to go next then," replied Cara cheerily.

Lewis didn't want to be a naysayer but: "Um, I just came my entire soul out so I might need a minute."

Cara had an answer for that too: "Okay! You can just watch while Jen spins to see who SHE'S going to play with."

Lewis, by now, was done being surprised by what was already obviously the greatest day of his life. "Sounds great," he said as he got comfortable. Cara giggled and went to the wheels with Jen and Michelle, leaving Talia to recoup herself. Lewis decided now was a good time to take off the rest of his clothes. He felt much more comfortable naked, in this moment.

A thought crossed Lewis's mind. 'That dial is eventually going to land on Cara. Sweet, funny Cara. She seems so normal and so vanilla. I cannot wait to see what that wheel turns her into."

Brtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtr. The wheels spun again and Jen's fate hung in the balance. They landed on "Anal," "Cheating Wife," and lastly, "Michelle." Lewis turned to look at Jen expectantly. Jen looked at Michelle and said, "Take your pants off, before your husband gets home."

Michelle was already on it. "Yes. Please, I need you. I need your face buried in my ass." Michelle whipped off her shorts and panties at lighting speed. Jen dropped to her hands and knees and crawled hungrily towards Michelle's ass sticking out, ready and waiting. Cara and the still naked Talia led Lewis to the couch where they could watch comfortably.

As soon as Jen reached Michelle, Michelle reached back and used her hand to press Jen's face into her cunt. Jen used both of her hands to spread Michelle's ass apart. She ran her tongue messily all the way up Michelle's pussy and onto her asshole. She did that a few times before making a hard point with her tongue and driving it in and out of Michelle's ass.

"Ohhh fuck sweetie. You feel so good tongue fucking my ass. Oh my fucking god, I love you. I love the way you fuck my ass with that nasty tongue. I'm going to leave my husband and just sit on your face all fucking day," Michelle said with her eyes shut tight. "You're going to be my little wifey and my little anal slut."

"Yes, ma'am. When I'm done cleaning your asshole with my dirty little tongue, can I put on a big fake dick and fuck you with it?" asked Jen in between lunges.

Michelle eyed Lewis. "Let's see what our guest thinks. Lewis, should my little lesbian slut put on a strapon and— fuck that's good— and fuck my married asshole?" Lewis just nodded. "You want to watch that? Watch me get fucked by Jen?" Lewis nodded again. "Say it."

"I want to watch. I want to watch your mistress fuck your asshole with her fake dick."

Michelle turned to Jen, "You heard him sweetie. Go fetch your cock with your mouth and bring it to me." Lewis watched as Jen crawled along the floor towards the box of props. She retrieved a massive, flesh colored strap-on in her mouth and brought it back to Michelle. Jen placed it in front of her. Michelle pulled her t-shirt and bra off and said to Jen, "Stand."

Michelle's naked, caramel colored skin was unbelievably sexy. Her ass was thick and delicious looking, her tits hung heavy and begged for a cock in between them. Her short, dark brunette bob haircut made her look like an Egyptian goddess. As Michelle pulled Jen's dressed up over her head, Lewis took in this girl's pale, skinny frame. The straps of the strap-on cupped her ass perfectly giving it a little extra perk. Jen pinched at the nipples of her small breasts as Michelle got down in front of her and deep throated the dildo. She gagged spectacularly and pulled back off it leaving a trail of spit behind her.
