 Shades of Love

Looking through the window gave Peggy a feeling of titillation. She would never have considered herself a ‘perv’ and certainly she had never entertained the idea of voyeurism. Tonight’s venture had begun innocently enough, though there was a point where perhaps she should have withdrawn but chose not to. God, but it was wickedly exciting watching from the darkness, looking into his room with him totally unaware of her presence.

He was so much older than her, perhaps as much as forty, but Peggy thought of him as a very sexy man. At nineteen, she had been involved with a few boys, but that was the problem. They were boys. Sex with them consisted of a clumsy fumble in the back seat of a car usually with the boy shooting his load all over her belly before he even got his cock inside of her. 

She smiled as she watched him in front of his mirror wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around his middle. He was plying his electric shaver over his jaws and pulling the funniest faces in the process. Peggy slapped her hand over her mouth to stifle her giggles as his mouth twisted into a side-on kissing shape while the razor ploughed an expanse of tightened cheek resulting from the grimace. Her eyes strayed to the towel. A swell of well-muscled buttocks pushed the navy blue wrap into a tantalising mound behind while a fine line of dark hair traced from his belly button downwards, disappearing under the top edge. His chest still displayed the muscular build of his youth although his belly bulged a little with ‘mid-life spread’. Peggy felt her breathing quicken a little as her imagination flashed pictured guesses at what the towel covered in front.

* * * * *

A few months ago, near the end of winter, she had arrived to move into her modest home. He had come over to help her with a stack of boxes that were a little on the heavy side. That day the moving van had left after depositing her furniture haphazardly around the house and stacking a dozen carton boxes on the lawn, leaving her to sort it all out by herself. After getting the furniture into some semblance of order Peggy went outside and began struggling with a heavy carton, trying to wrestle it from the pile without dropping it. 

“Can I take that for you, my dear.” A warm, deep voice had sounded next to her ear bringing images of yesterday’s movie heroes.

Smiling gently, this man had taken the box from her, lifting it easily onto his chest. Afternoon breeze ruffled light brown hair as he turned towards the house. He had such amazing blue eyes, warm like a summer sky and she felt her heart tapping a rapid beat as a tingle went through her body.

“wh…wh…um…thank you.” Stammering like a love-struck schoolgirl, she waved a hand in the general direction of her front door. “Through there and turn right.”

Following him into the house, she couldn’t help but fix her eyes on his butt as he walked before her, arched slightly back to counterbalance the box. 

“I’m Peggy. Peggy Langton.” She had lost her stammer and managed to put a smidge of flirt into her voice.

“Paul Upworth” He flashed a smile at her that stung like cupid’s dart. “I’m just across the road. Number fifty-two” 

He had been such a gentleman that first day, trekking back and forth until all the boxed were inside and sorted into the rooms as per the permanent marker instructions written on each box. They had chatted and shared a cold bottle of white wine before he excused himself and returned to his own cottage.

That night she had not been able to sleep due to fantasies of herself with him on her large double bed sharing their sexual secrets and desires. She realized she had developed quite a crush on Paul.

* * * * *

Right now Paul had finished shaving. He put his Remington carefully on the dresser and leaned forward, one hand rubbing experimentally across his freshly shaven jaw-line. Apparently satisfied, he turned from the mirror and stepped towards the bed. 

Peggy’s heart leapt as his eyes glanced at the window. She reacted by bobbing her head back a little seeking the cover of the window’s edge to mask her from his view, but she kept her eyes on him as he approached the bed. Perhaps Peggy may have left at that moment, slipping into the darkness and sprinting softly across the road to her own abode. It was exactly what her instincts were screaming at her until she noticed his hands dropping to the folding knot in front of the towel. Now her heart raced again but for a completely different reason. He was unwrapping the knot. Her eyes widened as he opened the towel, letting it drop to the floor while still stepping towards the bed. 

His cock was gorgeous. Large and thick, even though it was flaccid yet it hung there, a good six inches long, swaying gently on a nice big pair of balls as he strode towards his bed. She gasped a little as she took it all in. Heat flooded through her and she felt her pussy tingle as juices flowed in answer to her arousal. Inside the room, Paul dropped onto the bed to lie supine and naked with ankles crossed. He reached to the far side of the bed and brought forth a magazine that he opened and began to read. Peggy had a part side on view from where she stood but she saw the page he was reading had several photos of naked young women in various provocative poses while a large dominating picture was of a sensuous brunette with enormous tits and legs wide open exposing a shaved pussy. She saw an immediate reaction in Paul’s cock as he studied the pictures. His limp organ began to stir, hardening as she watched until it lifted its shiny one-eyed head from the thatch of hair, rising to look back at the cover of the magazine the master was reading. Now Peggy was wet with desire and her hand crept under the waistband of her track pants, an eager finger seeking her hot wet pussy. She fingered her clit rolling it back and forth, enjoying the electric jolts of pleasure that coursed through her as she watched his cock become hard and huge. At least eight inches of thick meat rose from his brown nest of hair supported by a couple of large balls that looked tight and full.

High above a white crescent of moon broke cloud cover casting dim light upon her as she worked her finger back from her clit to dip into her sopping hole, feeling the warm love juice that flowed there. Inside, on the bed, Paul’s hand had strayed to his hard, bobbing cock and now he gently stroked it. Every few moments he would release his hot member to turn the page, then he’d groan at the new delicacy that the fresh page revealed and his hand would again grab at his rigid organ, giving it a couple of fast, hard pumps.

“Oh, fuck!” He sighed aloud. “What I wouldn’t give for a woman to come in here right now feeling as horny as I am.” His hand worked faster stroking his cock so hard it was making a wet kissing noise in time with the strokes. Peggy knew by that sound that his knob would be wet with precum. Her own masturbation had made her so wet and horny that she could have taken a horse’s dick right then without feeling uncomfortable. He wanted a woman. He’d wished for a woman to come into his bedroom all ready to fuck. Well, guess what? She was that woman!

Luckily locking doors was not a strong point in this town. She slowly turned the brass knob (a quick fantasy made it hot pink in color with a clear dribble of precum seeping from its eye) and gently pushed the door back, slipping in as soon as the gap allowed. Breathing like a marathon runner in her excitement she tippy-toed through the house seeking his bedroom. Not too hard to find, she discovered as she approached a door from behind which came small slapping noises and passionate grunting sounds. Hearing that she knew she had to be quick before he stroked himself to a climax and shot his hot load all over his sheets before she could get there.

“Don’t cum yet, my darling.” She whispered softly as she crossed to the door. Stopping at the threshold she pulled her t-shirt over her head, flinging it into a dark corner. Listening anxiously to the sounds of passion coming from the room she shucked off her track pants. She wasn’t wearing panties and now she stood naked before his door. A quick toss of her head flung her dark locks back and then she boldly opened the door.

* * * * *

Paul stopped masturbating in mid stroke, his cock still held firmly in his hand while the magazine slipped from his other hand, rustling noisily as it fell to the floor.

“You wished for a horny woman to join you?”

“Oh, fuck…I mean, Peggy! How did you…?”

Peggy put a finger to her lips in a shushing motion. “Never mind, Paul. I was being naughty. I peeked through your window and heard your wish.”

“My wish? Oh, um…Yes. Oh…” Paul shifted slightly rolling his body so the swell of his hip would hide his erection.

”Oh please don’t” Peggy’s voice was soft, sweet and pleading, her eyes still seeking his lovely cock, coveting it as her personal sex toy.

”Don’t?” He queried.

”Don’t turn away and hide that delicious cock from me. Please hon, my pussy is wet and ready and I would give anything to suck on that hunk of pleasure meat you got there.” 
It was almost as if at that moment he first realized she was stark naked. His eyes widened as they began their journey from her face to her lovely firm tits with their brown, hard nipples jutting out. Then down her smooth belly to the thin tangle of curly dark hair between her legs. 
”Oh my, Peggy. You are fucking gorgeous!” 
”Thank you. Now may I…?” She pointed at his erect organ as she crossed the short distance to the bed. He rolled over onto his back as she approached smiling his invitation as she reached for his engorged organ. She heard him hiss, sucking in a sharp breath as her slender fingers wrapped around his cock and she lowered her lips onto the wet, glistening head that jutted up between her fingers and thumb.

Her tongue licked slowly around his knob relishing the warm burst of flavor as she licked his precum from his hard cock. His masturbation had whipped it into a frothy white cream that tasted zesty on her tongue and she savored the flavor as she popped that thick organ into her mouth, closing her pretty red lips over it. 
”Yes, oh, fuck, yes! Suck it baby…” His voice was thick with lust. Gentle fingers tangled in her hair, massaging her scalp with every bob of her head. Her hand slid down his hard shaft to cup his balls as she took more of his cock into her mouth. She felt his knob sliding over her tongue towards the back of her throat as she sucked while gently squeezing and rolling his balls around with her nimble fingers.

Paul turned himself until he was able to bury his head between her strong young legs, his tongue searching briefly before burrowing into her warm pussy. Her clit was already hard and as he sucked it, a delicious little fruit that tasted sweet with a hint of saltiness on his tongue. Fingers explored her tight buttocks seeking treasure in her valley between her legs. He slipped one into her wet pussy, sliding in deeper and deeper until he could go no further so he began a slow finger-fuck. As she became wetter with his ministrations, so he slipped another finger in to join the first, then another, speeding up his rhythm.

Thrills ran through Peggy’s body as she felt the thickness of three fingers fucking her pussy faster and faster. She moaned as she pumped away on his cock with her lips and mouth automatically matching his increasing pace. Her fingers worked at his balls as if they were dough that required kneading and she felt them tighten under the pressure. Paul arched his back to give her as much access to his iron-hard cock and she reciprocated by managing to slip even more of that gorgeous meat into her mouth, feeling the head up against the back of her throat. 
”Oh, fuck, oh, Peggy! I am going to cum soon babe. Oh yes! Drink my cum, sweetheart…”

She tightened her lips around the shaft, sucking and releasing in quick spasms, eyes closed and waiting for the hot splash of cum against the back of her throat. Her pussy tingled and a tightening inside her belly told her she was about to cum too. He had withdrawn the fingers and was now sucking noisily on her cunt, slipping his tongue in deep and licking at her sweet juices.

His cock pulsed in her mouth and a hot jet of cum flooded over her tongue, washing against the back of her throat. She swallowed just in time to catch the second spurt, then a third. Cum filled her mouth with it’s special slightly-salty taste as she licked at every drop coming out of him, not wishing to waste any of that delightful warm cream. It sent her over the edge, the sensation of hot liquid slashing inside her mouth, and she felt her pussy tighten, then pulse as she released her own hot juices. Paul groaned and began munching at her pulsing pussy, lapping her juices and licking deep inside her to catch all that he could. As their orgasms ebbed, each licked the other clean.

Peggy sat up on the bed, crossing her legs so as to give him a five star view of her damp pussy. Her mouth, wet with his cum, lifted in a warm, satisfied smile while her eyes burned with that special ‘just fucked’ glow that makes a woman so very desirable. Paul rose into a similar position opposite her and smiled as her hand reached over to fondle his cock that, although slightly deflated after delivering such a huge load, was still surprisingly erect. He too was smiling a wet grin with her pussy juices smeared over the lower part of his face. Both leaned towards each other and their lips met in a pouting kiss that quickly degenerated into an open mouth, tongue wrestling passionate exchange. Cum mingled with cum and they shared it in a ritual of love that had them clinging together as closely as their cross-legged position allowed.

Soon they had fallen onto the bed, legs entwined, their bodies pressing urgently together. Peggy felt his newly hardened cock thrusting into the valley between her legs and she gasped slightly as his thick knob pushed into her wet pussy, sliding in deeper and deeper as he pressed against her. He made small mewling noises as he began to thrust against her, going steadily faster and faster. She wrapped her long legs around him, just under his buttocks and pulled him in as tightly as she could, thrusting her pelvis up against him, picking up the rhythm of his gyrations. Peggy’s nipples were rock hard and she loved the sensation as the mat of hair on his chest rubbed against them each time he thrust his huge cock into her. In the height of their passion there mouths came apart and both gasped air as their fucking became faster, more feverish. 

”Oh yes, yes…Oh honey! Cum for me!” She managed to gasp in his ear. Her pearly teeth latched onto his left earlobe and she began biting and nibbling on it, flicking her tongue into his ear periodically before clamping down again on the lobe. 
”Oh fuck, bite you bitch.” Paul grunted as he shoved his cock in deep as it could go. Peggy felt his balls pressing against her wide stretched cunt as if they too wanted to pop inside her. 

”Take it all, bitch. I’m gonna shoot a load deep in your belly!”

She slipped her head around until she could seal his mouth with a hot, tongue-thrusting kiss. Her fingers clawed at his back and somewhere dimly in the bright lit haze of passion she realized she was raking skin. Their mouths parted and Paul stretched his head up until he was facing the ceiling, his voice ragged as he cried, “Aaaaahhh…oh, fuck. Oh my fucking God! I’m gonna cum…”

Peggy knew she was close as her pussy began pulsing with the first spasms of orgasm. It felt as if her eager cunt was sucking on his great cock, siphoning the cum right out of his balls.

”Oh, yes…Oh fuck yes, Paul. Cum, honey. I want to feel your hot cream inside me!” 

His whole body shuddered as he thrust himself into her. Mouths met and kisses became one as he began to squirt his load deep inside her. Hot creamy cum splashed deep inside her as his hard cock fired off shot after shot. Her pussy reacted with a flood of cum of her own, sucking rhythmically, clinging tightly to his pulsing hot cock while it emptied its load so deep inside her she felt the heat in her belly.

They clung together breathing heavily as his cock shrank back to rest after that monumental marathon fuck. Sticky cum, both his and hers mixed together, dribbled from her ravaged pussy soaking his balls and her legs but they ignored that and clung together kissing passionately as their love fever abated for now.

Peggy left his house in the small dark hours before sun-up, before nosey neighbours peeked from shuttered windows to render judgement upon the actions of their peers. Her house seemed somehow lonely and darker than she’d ever noticed it to be so she turned her TV on setting the sound to a mutter before traipsing off to bed. 

* * * * * 
Paul lay back with his hands behind his head, his naked body catching the first light of day coming through the open window. He had only napped for an hour or two since Peggy left but now he was wide awake and deep in thought. It had been an incredible night, what started off as a quick wank over some sultry centerfold had ended up as a monumental night of fucking and sucking with a gorgeous young woman. Like every man’s dream come true. Peggy sure was cute, her young, lithe body a pleasure in every way while he was beginning to show the slip into middle age. He glanced down over his chest, critically appraising the slight bulge of his midriff. Must do some workout, he thought. But that was not his main reason for his post coital melancholy. It was more to do with Sarah.

Everything had happened so fast from the moment Peggy walked into his bedroom butt-naked and from that instant his ‘little head’ had taken the helm while his wiser ‘big head’ lay back and went along for the ride. A chance of fucking a gorgeous nineteen-year-old woman is something any guy over forty would find hard to pass up and for that he made no excuses, but he’d seen the way she had looked at him after their wild session. There had been a bright glow in her eyes and he’d felt her radiate love like spring sunshine. He sighed at the tender memory, uncurled his arms from behind his head and rolled over to his side. Somehow he knew this had not been a one-off as far as she was concerned. She would be back and it was only fair that he tell her about his fiancée…Sarah of the golden hair and the warm green eyes. Sarah whose love for him was more than he knew how to quantify. Sarah…he drifted off into a deep sleep.

* * * * *
 Saturday morning a maroon soft-top BMW skidded to a halt in front of Paul’s house, like a small but spirited stallion reigned in by its rider. Long legs slid from the open driver’s door followed by Sarah Jolly, her honey blonde hair swirling with dancing highlights as turned her head to take in the surrounding scenery. At thirty-six years of age she still cut an imposing figure. Paul came from the house, his arms spread wide; head slightly atilt and a big, sloppy smile on his face. She went to him in that hesitant stumbling run so unique to women and allowed herself to fall forward into his waiting arms. 

Paul gathered her to him in a hug that was just short of crushing. He felt her breasts press up against his chest as their lips met in a wild tongue-entwining kiss. Paul’s hand stroked her back, down to her buttocks grasping one of her tight buns in his hand and giving it a squeeze. Her dress was some silky material that slipped delightfully beneath his skin giving him the sensation that her ass was wet and slippery. She wasn’t wearing panties. Not that that was unusual he knew, as she preferred to wear a thong. 
”Show me where the kettle is lover?” She stage whispered after breaking their kiss. “I’m positively parched!”

Breaking their clinch but holding on to her hand, Paul led her into his house chatting about everything and nothing as he held open the door. He didn’t see the curtain in the house across the road drop back into place and sway back and forth for he had only eyes for his beloved.
