 Kevin couldn't help but laugh when Jade kissed Ty, letting him taste his own flavors on her lips. Little did she know Ty's little secret. This really turned him on. 

But Kevin had let his Jadie Baby in on plenty of other secrets. Like the crush she had on Ty was mutual. Like he loved starting the night off with a blow job, just to take off the burn, and set free the tiger. Kevin found it amusing to teach Jade all his techniques of oral sex.

In fact, unlike his normal jealous self, he found the fact that Jade and Tyler each had a heart-aching crush on the other more than just amusing; it was Intrigue Spectacular; and the beginnings of a PLAN. Because wasn't getting his way all about Planning in action? And up until the recently, he alone knew of this secret. But keeping it from Tyler was delicious. Preparing for this night, the party, the invites, the decorations and food, was nothing compared to the self satisfaction of setting the dominos of fate in motion for the "after-party". Keeping Tyler guessing, surprised, amazed and exhausted was probably what had kept him this long in the first place. 

Kevin may have been an unemployed print model, but he was always thinking. Always calculating. If I can make the people around me happy, AND get my way, then I have made peace with the cosmos, and in my next life I will be the honored and pampered pet of a beautiful sultan..... ok enough of that. 

And though her style was completely different, Jade too had a way of making things happen. Something Kevin had to admire in her, even if she was a girl. And a girl with a demon's temper to match his own. It was cute as hell, he had to admit it. The way she can scream and yell, and her eyes turn this fabulous shade of green; then break down and cry from pure frustration. Like that day in the car. She was truly a goddess that day; with tears running down her face. 

From that point on he gained a respect for her ability to get what she wanted; to be closer to Tyler. In the car ride home Kevin had gotten her to let it all out, all that he had suspected from the moment the scream fest had begun. The weeks that followed were mixed with plans for the house, plans for the party, and plans for the "after party." And this "planning" just brought Kevin into prime state of being; not only for the joy and anticipation of giving Tyler a moment of surprised happiness, but learning a few tricks from Jade herself. 

But there was something else too; not just a new found respect, or the pure glee of setting things in motion, but a new sensation all together. Something he hadn't felt since he had been in love with the Psycho Bitch from Hell. Before she became The Psycho Bitch from Hell. Before he decided that women were an ends to a means, and served no other purpose than to suit his needs. But that was back when he was in college, ages ago; though his face didn't show such a passing of time, his heart certainly felt the distance. 

Oh My God. He was starting to like Jade. Not just find her presence in his life useful, not just for the entertainment of her personality, and the amusing quality of her crush on Tyler, but he...... Oh, no, no, no. I do not LIKE her. She's just a friend. A good friend...a roommate... Then why the fuck did you kiss her?! Oh My God... I think I like a girl. 

He couldn't tell Tyler, because this would lead to too many questions and ruin all the plans. Normally he would tell Jade herself as he had done with every cute boy that had passed their way. Instead he became irritable, and way too bitchy for his own good. He hid it well from Ty by excusing it with, "Really busy Baby, we can do this later, right?" 

So of course Jade got the brunt of it all. Finally after weeks, and a day of rearranging the new furniture, and sending out the last of the invitations, and a million other last minute things, his crappy attitude was just too much to bare, and the only surprise for Kevin is that Jade had waited this long before she finally called him on it.

"OK, Kevin, what?" she said over a long deserved coffee break. 

"What?" he replied stirring his coffee into a whirl pool of plague proportions.

"Give me a break; you have been Kevin-The-Super-Bitch all day, all week for that matter. I have been ignoring it so we could get things taken care of, but now the house is nearly done, and you are getting on my last nerve."

He didn't answer. He was hoping he could fall into the whirlpool. 

"Kevin?" 

No such luck. 

"Kevin." She put her hand on his shoulder and gave it the nicest squeeze. Ok, now she was being understanding. The hand slowly moved from his shoulder to his cheek. Oh god, this was too much. He wanted this touch, ached for its simplicity, but all of him wanted to turn and run at the same time. 

"Please," she said, brushing his cheek again.

"I....Sorry."

She got up, pulled him out of his chair and just melted into him. Or was he melting into her? 

"Sorry I'm being such a bitch," he said into her hair. 

"It's ok, I like you too."

After that it was easy being with her. Most of their physical encounters were in preparing for the "after party." It made it easier for both of them to say that they were doing this for Tyler, but Kevin was really enjoying the feminine energy, the nurturing quality of this Oh My God...Girl.

And now the day was finally here. The party was most certainly a success, and his hostess qualities had not been denied. And the rest of the evening had gotten off to a great start. The look in Tyler's face after Jadie had kissed him the first time was so appetizing, so exciting, and a gem to be saved in his memories forever. 

And now Jade and Kevin had just completed the mission that was so long in preparation; leaving Ty breathless, and from experience, wanting. Kevin's intellectual pleasure heightened reaching the extremities of his body as Tyler moved off the couch and kneeled behind Jade, wrapping his long muscular arms around both of them. What a tasty surprise for Ty, he thought, when he finds she hasn't anything on under that chiffon dress.

Tyler rose up slowly and easily, pushing against her willing ass with his strong thighs. His face revealed the pleasant surprise at finding her bare beneath her dress, wet and ready. Without effort, his body instinctively found the sultry entrance within her. Gradually moving into her, Tyler pressed her whole being into Kevin; who accepted her warmth and weight of them both pushing him against the couch; increasing the pressure and pleasure of his own wanting cock. Then, bit by bit, Tyler eased back out, with the exception of the very tip of his cock, letting Jade catch her breath, then slowly eased into her again. He repeated this slowly, over and over, ever increasing the use of his hips and lessening the use of his legs. It wasn't until several repetitions did Kevin realize that Tyler was inside her, and not just pushing her forward onto him. 

The delicacy of Tyler's motions created in Kevin such longing that was at first strange and arousing, but then became such an intense need that he could no longer be still. He searched for Ty's hand among many gripping his side and placed it in Jades lap, the fingers overlapping onto his own. With a deliberate sensuality, his fingers began to grip her pubic bone, giving Tyler unspoken permission, and the leverage he needed to increase the force of his thrusts. Jade's quiet panting was no longer hushed.  

Mixed with heavy gasps, Jade leaned forward, her voice struggled to be heard in Kevin's ear.

"Is this what you want?"

Kevin hesitated, his body yearned for her touch, her body, her whole self; but was he giving up all of himself to her, or she to him? This was not what he had in mind during their planning sessions. It seemed the reality of the situation was much more engulfing of his desires than the self satisfied amusement of just a few hours ago. Then Tyler spoke.

"I love you Kevin. That will never change. If you want this, just say yes."

Jade's gasps became more persuasive as the speed and force of Ty's movements increased; bringing himself join to her wetness down on Kevin's engorged cock again and again. The extreme green of her eyes revealed the wild creature caged within...

Kevin's need was overwhelming.

"Yes."