 It was a pleasure editing this story. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. tigress2831

This is a true story from a few years ago. Names have been changed.

I was at my best mate Simon's place one Saturday night and we were polishing off a case of long necks. We were well on our way to be truly pissed. When at about one in the morning, I thought I'd wake Karen up and talk her into coming over for the night. As the time suggested, she knew she was coming over because I was horny and eagerly was on her way.

Karen and I had been together for about 6 months, we had met right after I came out of a 6 year relationship. I had what was really a "physical" relationship and although she wanted more, there was some love felt between us. I was 31, Karen 20. (Simon's same age as me).

We worked next door to each other in Sydney, in back offices of two different shops, she walked past my open window all the time and we'd chat. There was the occasional flirtatious innuendo and there was an obvious mutual attraction. Karen was pretty short, compact and cute, with below the shoulder straight blonde hair.

Late one day, I ran into her as she was walking out to her car to go home. After stopping to talk for a minute, I said we should catch up for a drink one day. Cool, I'd dropped a hint and broken the ice. Fifteen minutes later, I answered the general office line and it was Karen, asking what I was up to and if I wanted to catch up now. I told her to meet me back in her office carpark for a chat, that I wanted to talk to her.

We sat in her car and I told her about having just broken a long term relationship and that I wasn't sure what I wanted. She said she was embarrassed for calling and I said no, it was a great thing to do and I was glad she had. Anyway, somewhere along the line, we were looking into each others eyes and we just reached over and kissed. It was a nervously gentle kiss at first, but then became pretty heated. We left it at that for the afternoon, going our own way to think about what we wanted, especially for Karen after knowing my situation.

The next afternoon after work, we made love right on her office floor. No pissing around, we just ripped our clothes off to get at each other. I guess that was our way of confirming what we wanted.

When I first touched her pussy, she gave one of those sweet and innocent, nervous giggles and said, "God, how wet!" I went down on her and I thought I'd drown, a condition she said she had been in all day! I loved it. Nothing like soaking wetness to let you know you are wanted, and I love giving oral sex more than anything.

That was the start of what slowly became one of the most raw, erotic sexual relationships I'd had. We fucked on sight, all the time, while I had plenty of experience and a bold imagination; Karen was pretty inexperienced outside normal stuff and was really innocent. In time though, what she'd initially said, "I'd never do that" to, actually became a normal part of our lovemaking sessions. I recall that after a couple of months, I introduced a couple of vibrators to the bedroom, and things just got down and dirty from there. Karen being shaved bald became standard (something I still love to death); we added toys, anal, rimming, even a small toy on me, and eventually double penetration with me in one hole and a toy in the other. We never got into bondage/discipline stuff, but anything else two people could come up with we did. 

After a while, we never just did the nice and gentle thing, it always resulted in toys and anal. It was kind of cool when you think Karen "I'd never do that", was actually pushing her ass back harder onto me. A little coercion, reassurance and a loving gentle touch was all that was needed for what became mutual bliss. I guess also after being with one woman for so long, sex had become a bit mundane, I was at a stage where I wanted to push the boundaries somewhat. Karen was the one to help me do that.

Satisfied that Karen was on her way over, Simon and I finished off a few more beers. I described to him a few more details on our wild exploits (we talk about everything), and I half jokingly talked about seeing if she'd be into a threesome. It was something Karen and I had never discussed; to be honest, I'm not really the sharing type when it comes to women I have feelings for, but the alcohol had intervened and opened my mind to the idea.

Karen arrived in about twenty minutes, with just a coat over her winter PJs. We sat around talking and drinking for a short time. Simon and I must have looked so obvious we were up to something. Karen told me later that she could tell we had something in mind as soon as she walked in the door, and even had an inkling something was up while she was on her way over. The way Simon and I were looking at her and the sexual innuendo must have stood out like a sore thumb.

After a while, we went to bed, Karen and I in Simon's big bed and Simon in the spare room single. We undressed and jumped on the bed, Karen lying on top of me, her smooth pussy running along my cock, our standard chat before sex position. I commented how wet she was and she said she had been like that since she got in her car. We were talking dirty to one another, me telling her she was so hot and all that, and she said, "so what you guys been talking about, you looked like two naughty boys downstairs". I told her I'd filled Simon in on some of our wild sex details, which she didn't mind, knowing Simon and I are pretty tight. I went on to say how we even talked about the three of us having sex and wondered if you'd do that. 

"Oh, God," she moaned, as I was reaching around her ass, fingering her pussy while she continued sliding her clit along my cock. "I knew you guys were up to something. I was thinking that on the way over". I stroked her hair and held her tight, knowing this could go either way in an instant. 

"If I was ever going to share you, it would only be with Simon," I said. I removed my fingers from her pussy and held her face, looking into her eyes, and said, "would you like Simon and I to spoil you crazy?" 

Her nervous giggle came out while she said "well, I like and trust Simon totally, so it would have to be him for me too. Oh my God, I can't believe this is happening to me". Just then, she shuddered on my cock and I could feel her pussy seeping as she had a mini climax.

I reached over and banged on the wall to Simon's spare room. He knew what was up.

When Simon entered the room Karen rolled off me and sat up, wrapping her arms around herself kind of shyly. She skirted to the center of the bed and patted the other side from where I was.

"Here you go. Simon," she said silkily. He looked at me and I just gave a wry smile and wink.

"Here baby, now you just relax and enjoy" I said as I gently lowered her down to lay on her back.

"Ok Simon, let's show this girl the time of her life" I said as I lowered my mouth to her left breast. Simon followed suit on her right breast and our hands traveled all over her body and hair. Soon, we were kissing every inch of her torso and neck. Karen could only moan and giggle, still nervous and disbelieving.

When I looked up to watch them in a passionate kiss, the feeling was surreal. Soon, we were all over her, one licking her neck and kissing her while the other sucked her toes or rubbed her legs. 

Simon was sitting up looking at her and said "You're right about her smooth puss". (Karen has one of those very 'neat' vaginas, just a tidy small slit, and when bald looks clean and almost girlish). 

I said "You can have the honors my friend". He was between her legs immediately and Karen's legs just opened automatically. This was the first time anything had touched her pussy for what must have been a good hour of teasing and massaging. 

As I was kissing her, she was moaning into my mouth, muttering "Oh my God!" over and over. "This is amazing, I can't believe we're doing this, Oh, my God". Between breaths Simon was commenting on how wet she was, and how good she tasted.

"Is Simon's tongue good on your pussy?" I asked. "Oh fuck yeah" was the reply. I was kissing her all over and sucking her tits. Four hands, two mouths, all six tools of pleasure were well versed in giving just that, pleasure.

"I think Simon loves the taste of your pussy." "Ahuh." "Would you like to taste yourself on his mouth?" "Ahuh." "Simon, my turn mate, I want to taste that fantastic pussy". I leaned down and kissed Karen, "bye baby. Be back soon."

When Simon raised his head, Karen pulled him up and hugged his head and kissed him deep, then licked all over his face. I was soon working my tongue all over Karen's nether region, from ass to clit. When I remained at her clit I inserted two fingers deep inside her, working them to the front seeking out her g-spot. 

"Oh fuck God yes, oh guys fuck, you guys oh, we're doing this again fuck". Karen was in a state no one could imagine until being there themselves, as her pussy was penetrated for the first time that night. 

As I continued my assault on her pussy with mouth and fingers, I glanced up to see Simon suckling her right nipple, a look of concentration and caring. "Fuck, this is hot" I thought to myself, knowing we'd be doing this again to whomever we could lure in. 

Simon was a cool lover, different from me, more indirect, but very good. I thought he would be, and Karen later said she figured the same too. I reached up and toyed with her left tit. The scene was pretty erotic. Karen lying on her back, legs spread and up, one hand in my hair, the other in Simon's hair. Simon was kneeling on her right, his mouth on her right breast, one hand running through her hair, the other gently massaging around her rib cage. Me lying between Karen's legs, tongue on her clit, one hand kneading her left breast, two fingers from the other hand deep in her pussy. 

I went into attack mode. I added a third finger and pumped pretty hard in and out then sucked her clit hard and ran my tongue over it rapidly. "Uhhh yeah" was the result I was after. Karen came real hard. I left her pussy and lay on my side at Karen's left. 

We rested a bit, just stroking her gently. "Oh far out. That was fucking amazing. But guys, I haven't even returned the pleasure yet. Let me take care of you too".

"In time, sweetheart" I replied and gave her a loving kiss. 

Simon and I had the same thought and our hands bumped into each other at Karen's pussy. I took one of his fingers and inserted it, then inserted one of my own. We gently finger fucked her together, in, out at opposite strokes, and took turns kissing her mouth or neck. Soon we had both added a second finger and went pretty hard.

"Oh fuuuuucccck, Uhhhh", Karen couldn't even kiss us properly. I took her hand and placed it on her own clit. She rubbed herself fast too, matching our relentless fingering. Four fingers were pounding into her on opposite strokes.

"Aww ow god yes" she screamed. She had a look of pleasure and pain on her face as she went wild, grabbing at us, and shaking all over the place. When she came, we didn't stop. Her hand fell away from her clit but we continued to pound her pussy with our fingers in an almost punishing rhythm. Karen came for almost 5 minutes and had to plead for us to stop. 

"Awww god, fuck, no no more, can't handle, stop yes uggg". She grabbed my face and looked at me, eyes wide, tears running down her cheek. "John, oh god, stop, cant take it, pleeese".

"Keep going baby, keep going. You look awesome. Just keep cumming". I wanted her to cum forever. It was already the most amazing orgasm I'd witnessed. I wanted her to completely lose it.

"I'm gonna peeee, stoooop!! We stopped. I think she was starting to panic with being so out of it. We rested beside her, gently stroking up and down her body and kissing her, licking away the tears. Karen was struggling for breath and just blabbering about how unbelievable this all was.

I got up and knelt beside her head, lifting her mouth to my cock. She engulfed me with hunger. Simon kneeled on her other side, so she took turns in sucking our cocks. The position we were in wasn't the best, we moved around so Karen was on her hands and knees and could get at us better.

"Off you go mate, fuck her while she sucks me."

Karen looked up at Simon, "Yeah Simon, fuck me from behind, then you can swap places."

Wow, this was amazing. I couldn't believe she was saying it.

"I want to take care of you guys, you have been sooo good to me."

I lay back against the head of the bed. Karen took me deep into her mouth then moaned hard on my cock as Simon entered her. Simon thrust in and out slowly, Karen struggled to suck me properly, often dropping her head and groaning. I bent forward to hold her face and kiss her, our heads bumping as Simon pushed in.

"How you doin' there?" I asked, pleased with the expression on her face.

"Oh god, unreal, I can't believe I have a cock in me at both ends." With that, she bent down and took me back in her mouth.

Simon commented how good it felt inside her. "I know, great isn't it". Simon and I just smiled at each other, Karen just skewered on us. Karen's pussy is naturally tight, no matter what I do to her or wet she is, it's a firm grip. 

We swapped ends several times, Karen loving it too, moaning away, trying to concentrate on the cock in her mouth, while being fucked at different speeds. While ooooing and arrrring and being on the edge the whole time, she didn't cum.

After awhile, when I was behind her pumping into her, I slowly pushed a thumb into her ass. Lubrication wasn't thought of, she was a naturally lubricated mess down there. 

"Arrrrrr, ooooo" she cried spilling Simon's cock and dropping her head to the bed. 

Simon looked at me, "Are you in her ass, John?" 

"Yep, she likes that. Right babe?" 

"Oh fuck, mmmmph, oh yeah".

Simon just watched as I pulled my cock out of her pussy so I could reach better with my fingers. Karen was lying on her elbows, hands wrapped around her head, bum in the air. I fingered her ass deep with all my middle finger. I then removed my finger and positioned myself for entry. A few thrusts into her pussy and around the outside for more lube, I then slowly pushed at her asshole. It opened around my head as the knob plopped in past the tight spintcher muscle.

Simon just looked on, stroking her hair. Karen gave a groan as inch by inch, I went in to the hilt. The feeling was awesome, always is, and the feeling of intimacy and connection, the ultimate in trust and caring, overwhelming. I started to move slowly in and out. If I went any faster I'd be all over red rover. When Karen was pushing back at me, she lifted her head and took Simon's cock back into her mouth. 

We did this only for a while when I said, "Why don't we get Simon to lay down and you can sit on him with me in here." Karen's nervous little giggle surfaced. 

"Holy shit, yeah, do you think we'll be able to?"

I caused her to groan as my knob pulled out past the muscle. Simon lay on his back and Karen sat on him and guided his cock into her pussy, then lay on his chest. She looked at him saying "I cant believe this, I'm so fucking hot" before looking around at me getting into position. She reached up turning her head to kiss me. 

"You're amazing" I said.

I positioned my cock at her asshole and tried to push in, but the angle was no good and it was a struggle. Karen was almost getting impatient. We were all laughing. I just couldn't get the right angle. Karen moved off Simon and said "hang on, lets try this." 

With that, she had me lay down and straddled me facing away. She eased her ass down on my cock with just a slight grimace and moan. She continued all the way until her ass cheeks were pressed against my groin, then laid down on me facing up. 

Looking at Simon, she reached up and pulled him onto her. In this position, Simon was able to enter her pussy and was soon buried to the hilt. The whole time we were entering her Karen was moaning and giggling. We soon got into a good rhythm together, Karen sandwiched between us and having a ball. We were amazed by it all. After a while, Karen announced she wanted us to cum. "you guys still haven't cum. I want you to cum, I want to feel you both feeling good". 

With that we picked up our pace, and of course that sent Karen to a new height. "Oh fuck, ouch, yes fuck. Arrrgg I'm so full. Fuck me fuck me fuck me" she was lost again.

We really pounded the hell out of her body, ripping her apart at both holes. Screwing her neck back she licked at my face and mouth, reaching up and behind to grab my head. "Oh baby, fuck, God, shit, cum, I'm gonna explode. Cum in my ass now!" she demanded. 

I did just that right then. "Oh man, aarrrr, mmmmm." I emptied a ton of cum deep into her bowels, her shaking body and Simon's thrusting into her made her ass unbelievable. I was dizzy for a second. My pumping and throbbing caused Karen to explode. Her orgasm made her go limp, and delirious. 

Opening her eyes, she looked up at Simon, who was nearly dying. "Ok, you're turn Simon" was all she said. 

Simon arched up and came. A subtle groan with eyes shut and teeth clenched. I could feel him throbbing in the passage right next to the one I still filled. Karen had aftershocks caused by his jolts. 

We all just lay there totally stuffed. "Ummm, wow, wow, oh boy, *giggle*, well I doubt my friends will believe this" Karen moaned. "Oh guys, that was amazing, you spoilt me alright. Wow, ummm I'm full now".

We fell apart and gathered our energies. Simon reached over, gave Karen a big kiss goodnight and wandered back to his own room. Karen and I lay holding each other tight, I was stroking the hair from her face and we showered each other in little kisses. 

I got up and went to the bathroom to wash my cock. 

Once I returned, we lay talking about what had just happened, and we were soon making love. Karen sat on me so we were both sitting up, hugging tight. Very slowly and tenderly, we moved together. 

"Now we have someone to film us" she whispered. I smiled. 

"So, who do you have in mind for the return episode of me and two girls?" I asked. Karen started going through her friends and who might. We quietly came together. For some reason, I felt more affectionate towards her right then and she commented on it. We settled in, snuggled against each other, and fell into a deep sleep that came quickly.

We didn't get a repeat episode or return favor. Damn, I wish I had gotten a good picture collection. She would have, no doubt about it, and I kick myself 'till this day that I didn't. We were together about three more months before it became an on again off again thing, and she met someone else.

The night with the three of us is still a great memory.