 This is the fourth part of my "Spring Break" series. If you haven't done so already, you might want to check out the previous three parts. As always, if you like this or any of my other submissions, please be sure to vote for them. I love getting constructive feedback, so feel free to drop me an email or leave me a comment. Enjoy!

************************

Thursday

I was in heaven.

Things simply didn't get any better.

The candles we lit earlier in the night had burned themselves out. I lay in bed with my new lover. All night we had explored each other and made love. Between couplings, we talked and held one another until sleep finally claimed us.

When I awoke, I felt Katie stirring in my arms. We were spooned together, sharing precious little space on the huge bed.

Her hair was a mess, her make-up smeared. The comforter had fallen to the floor and the sheets were strewn about, as if a tornado had struck.

I kissed the back of her neck and she let out a sleepy moan.

The head of my cock was pressed between the cheeks of her ass. Mr. Happy was up and ready for some action, like usual.

"I thought I wore him out last night at about three," Katie turned towards me, a thin smile on her lips. She wiggled her backside and I felt my head against the slick entrance to her pussy. It was filled with our cum from the night before. "That's when you were begging for mercy."

"I wasn't begging." I kissed her. "I just needed a rest."

"Are you rested now?"

She arched her back and pressed her ass against me. I responded by pushing forward until the head of my cock was inside her tight pussy.

When we weren't having sex during the night, we talked about the things we liked or wanted to do. I found out that she and Carl had sex with great frequency, but both were generally inexperienced. I told her about some of the things Melinda and Leah liked. I showed her some of the things I liked to do and have done to me and she responded quickly. I love fast learners.

We also talked about our new relationship. Our friendship had changed, and it wasn't going back to the way it was before. At the same time, we recognised that her relationship with Carl was also changing and that she would need to have a heart-to-heart with him later. There was also the matter of the other two people who were on this trip, and what the future held for Katie's relationship with them.

All that was far from my mind as I entered her pussy from behind. I rolled her over so she was on her stomach.

I clenched the round globes of her perfect ass in my hands as I moved slowly in and out of her.

Lifting myself up, I pulled Katie to her knees so her ass stuck up in the air. I continued to move my hips back and forth, penetrating her a little deeper each time.

"Oh, god," she moaned. Katie had been a little timid when we started, but after watching—and hearing—Melinda and Leah vocalising their pleasures, she was catching on. It was as if a sexual beast within her had been awakened. "That feels so good . . . you're so deep inside me. I want it all."

Her shoulders were flat against the bed while her ass was up in the air. Her legs were spread wide so she could take my cock inside her. 

I sank all the way in and held it. With a long sigh, I pulled back until I was almost out of her then pushed back in, going slowly until I was all the way against her again.

With one hand still on her ass, I put the other on her shoulder and leaned forward. She started to buckle under my weight.

"Am I hurting you?" I asked.

"No," her voice was partially muffled by a pillow.

I pulled back and then thrust back in quickly. In addition to the force of my thrust, my weight pressing down made it feel like I was going deeper inside her.

She grunted with pleasure. With another swift stroke, I did it again.

Harder. Again. Harder.

"Just like that," Katie moaned. "Fuck me . . ."

"Do what?" I asked. Just yesterday, hearing Katie use that word as anything other than an expletive would have shocked me.

"You heard me!" she said, trying to smack me with her hand. "Fuck me!"

"Fuck you where?" I teased.

"Fuck my pussy!"

I slapped her ass once, playfully. "You have become a foul-mouthed, sex-obsessed, naughty little girl."

"And it's all your fault!"

My hand landed on her ass with another loud smack!

 

She bit her lip and groaned again. I pulled back and began working my cock in her at a fast pace.

"Oh, god . . . that feels so good . . ."

"What feels so good?"

"Your cock in my pussy . . . Oh! I'm so full right now . . . your cock is filling me up!"

I leaned forward and thrust harder. Katie grunted again.

"I love the way your pussy feels," I told her. "Even after all this fucking, it's still so tight . . . Can you feel how hard I am for you? . . . It's all your pussy's fault . . . it's so good, I can't fuck it enough . . ."

"Does it make you want to cum?" Between the blood draining out of my head into my cock and the pillow in her face, I could barely hear her.

"Yes," I moaned. "I want to cum all over your pussy, Katie!"

She lifted her head up and spread her arms out in front of her. She pushed her ass back against me and grasped the wrought iron bedframe in her hands, ready to brace herself against the hard thrusts I was about to unleash on her.

"Then fuck me until you cum!" she begged. "Fuck me . . . fuck my pussy . . . cum all over me . . ."

Her voice trailed off as I drilled my cock into her. Faster. Harder. 

I closed my eyes. I was close. Her grunts came faster and turned into a feral growl.

My hand clenched her firm ass cheek, and I pressed my weight completely down. It was as if I were driving her into the bed with my cock.

Her knees gave out and we collapsed on to the bed, my cock still moving in and out of her pussy.

She lifted her head up and let out a scream of lust.

My mouth closed over hers and we both came. 

"Oh, fuck!" she sobbed, an early morning orgasm wracking her body.

I felt my cock pumping and pumping. Filling her pussy with my seed.

Her ass was angled slightly up and I pressed against it. 

When I could move again, my mouth kissed her shoulders tenderly, from the outside in. I nibbled my way up to her neck and then she turned.

After brushing her hair out of her face, she kissed me. She tasted like sex. She smelled like sex. 

I rolled to the side and held in the same spoon position, my cock still inside her. My arms wrapped around slender body and I pulled her close.

"You will teach Carl how to do that, won't you?" she said playfully.

"Of course," I said. "Do I get to show him how it's done? Or maybe we could make an 'instructional video' for him to watch and learn. I'd offer to write it down step by step, but you never let me do the paperwork for any of our labs."

She laughed and squeezed my hand.

Our post-coital tenderness was interrupted by someone sneaking into the master suite. 

It looked over at the clock. It was just past 8:30. 

Leah crawled into bed with us. She hopped up on the bed and wiggled her way under the sheets. She was naked, having lost her bra and panties some time during the night. She reeked of sex, too.

"Did you save some for me?" Leah asked.

"If you give him a minute, I'm sure he'll be ready to go." Katie reached around and patted me playfully on the backside.

"I wasn't talking to you."

Leah leaned over and surprised Katie with a kiss. I could tell she was groping the other girl under the sheet. 

"Mmmmm," Leah purred. "I see he's got you all warmed up for me."

The newest person to get into the bed reached across Katie and gave me a good morning kiss, going out of her way to press her breasts against us both.

"What were you two doing last night?"

"Rolling up a new halfling," I grinned. 

Leah rolled her eyes. "I'm never going to live that down, am I?"

"Not if I can help it," I pressed against Katie and pulled on Leah, sandwiching the redhead between us.

"What about you?" I asked. 

"Well, it started with a bottle of Southern Comfort and ended with Melinda and I teaching Carl a thing or two." As she spoke, I carefully watched how Katie reacted. Last night, she had expressed reservations about venturing out of her relationship with Carl for sex. She thought it would invariably lead to other attachments and complicate the situation. Not the least of the worries were related to some body issue insecurities she carried around inside her.

Leah was watching, too. "You've got a good guy, Katie. He's got a lot of talent, but not a lot of control. He's also packing a monster between his legs. I don't know how you get it all inside you!"

"I hope you didn't spoil him for me," Katie said softly, her expression unreadable.

"Oh, I doubt it," Leah replied with a comforting smile. "If anything, you'll like what we did with him. Melinda taught him this trick she does with her tongue that is mind-blowing! I'm sure he'll want to show you when he wakes up."

"Is he going to wake up any time in the near future?" I knew that Carl and Katie weren't big drinkers, and we had all imbibed a fair amount of alcohol the night before. If they had given him more, there's no telling how long he was going to be out.

"Sooner or later." Leah shrugged. "Melinda's in there keeping him company. She's going to be walking funny today."

"How late were you guys up?" Katie asked.

Leah thought for a minute before answering the underlying question. "He went one round with each of us before he gave up. Then we had some 'educational time' . . . I'd say we went to bed at about two. Maybe two-thirty. What about you guys?"

"I had him begging—"

"I was not begging!"

"—for mercy at three." Katie grinned. "We just got up before you came over."

"I saw the end of that." Leah wriggled her eyebrows at us. "You guys are hot together."

"You think so?" Katie asked curiously.

"Oh, yeah!" Leah replied. She kissed us both hungrily. I could tell she was ready to go. Her hands continued to grope Katie. Both girls seemed to be enjoying it.

I rolled out of bed on the other side.

"Where are you going, mister?" Leah said. "Aren't you worried about leaving me alone with your new girl?"

"What should he be worried about?" Katie asked warily.

"That I'm going to turn you into a LUG."

"A what?"

"Ask her again later," I smiled and smacked Leah in a not-so-fatherly way. "I'll be right back. I've got some business to take care of."

I went into the bathroom, emptied my bladder and brushed my teeth.

When I returned to the bedroom, Leah and Katie were lying on their sides facing each other. They were running their hands over each other and talking.

I briefly contemplated leaving them alone, remembering that the previous night, Katie had wanted to be with me without any of our other friends there. She squelched any of my concerns when she waved me over to them. I crawled into bed beside them. Leah was in the middle.

"What are you guys talking about?" I asked.

"Sex," Leah replied. "Surprised?"

"Not really. What are you plotting?"

"I think you've turned our girl into some kind of kinky sex-fiend," Leah winked at Katie. "She was asking if I'd ever been tied up, and if I had, whether I liked it or not."

"And what did you tell her?"

"I told her that with the right guy, I love to be tied up."

"You don't think it's degrading or humiliating?" Katie asked nervously.

"Not at all," Leah said. "Being tied up is the ultimate expression of trust. When someone binds you, it places you completely at their mercy. You are subject to their whims and desires. They can control everything."

"Doesn't that freak you out?" Katie said.

"Not at all." Leah's eyes closed. I think she was remembering one night the two of us shared (it didn't start with a bottle of Southern Comfort, by the way) that involved two silk scarves, some ice cubes, a blindfold, and a candle. "It sounds funny, but there is control in submission. It's not about another person dominating me. It's about me giving myself to them. I allow my lover to control me. And I don't do it for just anyone. I have never been abused, but I love to be spanked and teased and tortured. I love to be taken to that edge, where a little bit of pain turns into unimaginable pleasure . . . and I know that my lover will be there to catch me. Because I trust him."

"Has anyone else ever tied you down?" Katie asked.

"No," Leah sighed. "I'd trust him with my life. More than that, I trust him with my soul. He knows me better than any lover I have ever had."

"Would you trust me to tie you down?"

"Right now? No. But if you earn my trust, I just might." The two shared a look. I can't quite describe it, but there was a silent mind-meld that took place between the girls.

"Do you like to be whipped?" Katie continued after the short silence.

"I've never been whipped," Leah replied. "I don't like that much pain. Oh, don't get me wrong, I like it rough sometimes, but a little spanking now and then is enough."

"How rough?"

"About like you had it a little while ago. That's what I thought was so hot. You were completely at his mercy. He had you in a position that he could have done anything he wanted, and you allowed him to take you. To ravage your cute little body. To fuck you senseless. That was very exciting. Did you like it?"

Katie blushed, still a little embarrassed at her new sexual awakening. She paused for a minute. "What about the other day, when he and Melinda were calling you all those names? Don't you feel like that's a little misogynistic?"

"Maybe." Leah shrugged. "But I also think it's exciting. It goes back to the control thing. I only let him and Melinda call me a whore or a cunt because I trust them. I know they would never treat me like that in real life, but when we're acting out sexually, it's very exciting. I like sex two ways: Most of the time, I like warm, caring sex. Foreplay before, cuddling after. Steamy wet kisses in between. That's making love. Sometimes, though, I want to be taken! I want to be thrown down and fucked. In those times, I like to feel dirty and slutty."

Katie looked on, quietly absorbing everything the other girl was saying.

"I let myself go because I know that when it's over, someone is going to be holding me tight. One minute he's calling me a cunt and the next he's whispering in my ear how good I make him feel. I beg for a cock or an orgasm because I know that eventually I will get it. I don't feel like I've been treated like an object, because I haven't been. I've been loved."

Leah turned to me and we kissed tenderly. I held her tight.

"I want to feel that way," Katie whispered. The tone of her voice sounded like a blind woman who was seeing the sun rise for the first time.

"You will, honey," a voice from across the room said. "We'll make sure of that."

The three of us were surprised by Melinda walking in. Her bathrobe hung loosely from her shoulders, open in the front, exposing her body to us. 

As she climbed into bed, the three of us scooted to make room.

I rolled over on my back and Melinda cuddled up next to me.

"Where's Carl?" Katie asked.

"He's one sick puppy this morning," Melinda replied. "We should not have let him finish off that bottle."

"I'd better—," Katie began to get up.

"It's okay," Melinda said soothingly. "He's asleep right now. We already paid a visit to the bathroom once and he emptied his stomach. The best thing right now is to leave him alone for a while and let him sleep it off."

Reluctantly, Katie settled back in the bed with us. We continued to talk for a few more minutes. Mostly about what to do for the rest of the day.

"What's it like to be with another girl?" Katie asked suddenly.

Both Melinda and Leah perked right up.

"Let me ask you this," Leah said, "What was it like to kiss Melinda last night? Compared to kissing Carl."

Katie looked thoughtful for a moment. "It was different. Softer, warmer."

"Was the desire any different?"

"A little." Katie stared off, remembering the kisses she shared with both Melinda and Leah. "I was more nervous. It's taboo . . . kissing other girls like that."

"Yes, it is," Leah stroked her hair. "But did it feel any different deep down?"

"No, not really. I still had butterflies in my stomach. It was like any other first kiss."

"Being with another girl is the same way. It's different but not better or worse," Leah said softly. "If you are attracted to the other person, it doesn't matter what plumbing they have. You will still feel the same way inside. We just do things a little different."

"How different?" Katie asked.

"Do you want to find out?" Leah asked.

Katie shifted nervously and blushed. "I—. . . Yes . . . What the hell, right? This week is turning out to be a week of firsts for me so I may as well just start checking them off my list, right?"

"I was hoping you'd say that." Leah pulled Katie close to her and the two shared a kiss, this one more intimate than any they had before. Last night, they had been fueled by lust. Today, they were more tender. Loving.

"It's too bad Carl isn't here," Melinda whispered in my ear.

"You're bad!" I whispered back.

Leah and Katie's kisses became deeper. Their hands began to roam over each other's bodies. I tapped Melinda on the shoulder and we start to slip quietly out of the bed, to leave the other two girls to share this moment alone.

"No," Katie broke away from Leah and reached out for my hand. "Don't go. Stay with us."

Melinda and I lay back down, watching the two girls explore each other. We held each other tight, knowing that Katie was placing a great deal of trust in us by allowing us to be spectators at this, her first sapphic encounter.

As I held Melinda, Leah and Katie were getting closer. Katie was flat on her back, her head propped up by a pillow.

Leah lay on top of her. Their bare breasts pressed together. Leah's long dark hair fell over their faces. Katie brushed it away when it came between their hungry mouths.

Lying between Katie's legs, Leah kissed the other girl, exploring her body with her mouth. Several times Katie's fingernails dug into Leah's shoulders or back when she hit a sensitive spot.

Taking her by the hand, Leah guided her new lover and they caressed each other. Katie's hands went to Leah's breasts, holding them. Cupping them tenderly. 

Leah leaned forward and Katie took the nipples in her mouth, one at a time. Leah threw her head back and moaned as Katie kissed her way into the valley between the breasts in front of her.

I was paralysed with fascination. Melinda lay next to me watching just as intently.

Then it was Leah's turn. She pushed Katie back on the bed and kissed her again, full of desire.

Katie wrapped her arms around Leah and held her tight, until Leah pulled back. She nibbled her way down Katie's body. From the neck to her shoulders. Down her arms.

I saw Leah's tongue swirl around Katie's nipple, which hardened immediately. Katie let out a cry.

Paying the same attention to the other, Leah then blew on Katie's chest. The cold air sent a chill through the other girl's body and she shivered with delight.

The two girls were lost in their own little world. In that instant the only thing that mattered was each other.

Leah kissed her way down Katie's body until she was between the other girl's legs. Katie spread them wide. Putting her hand under Katie's buttocks, Leah lifted her up slightly.

A guttural rumbling started from the depths of Katie's chest when Leah's mouth descended on her moist pussy. Leah's eyes locked on Katie's.

The redheaded girl lifted her pussy up and Leah attacked her. Katie threw her head back and started to moan. Her eyes were closed. Her mouth fell open.
