 Welcome to the third part of a series entitled "Spring Break". I hope you enjoy the story and that you'll check out the others in this series, although that isn't absolutely necessary. If you like this story, or any of my other submissions, I hope you'll vote for them and that you'll leave me a comment or send me an email. Any and all constructive feedback is appreciated.

************************

Wednesday

The wake-up call came way too early.

I picked up the phone and heard the automated message start, then I dropped it back in the cradle. My back and arms were sore, the price I was more than willing to pay for the previous night's pleasures.

My two lovers stirred in the bed. I leaned over and kissed each of them on the cheek. "C'mon, girls. It's time to get up."

"Five more minutes," Leah groaned. She was never a morning person.

The other girl in my bed rolled over on her back and stretched. I admired Melinda's voluptuous body and devoured her with my eyes. Her breasts had fallen slightly to the sides, her sand dollar-sized areolae pointing in my direction. I patted each girl on the backside. "I'm getting a shower."

Not bothering to dress, I trudged into the large stand-up shower and started the dual heads running. I closed my eyes and let the warm water flow over me.

A short time later, I heard the shower door open and felt someone come up behind me. Melinda's breasts pressed against my back and her arms wrapped around my waist. She kissed me once on the back of my neck and leaned her head against me.

I turned and held her close. She craned her neck, causing it to pop in several places.

We kissed gently.

"Where's Leah?" I asked.

"She went to see if Katie and Carl are awake." My blonde lover rested her head on my shoulder and we leaned against each other. Last night was harder on me than I had initially thought.

"I hope she put some clothes on first."

Melinda giggled. "I'd hope so, too. Do you think we scared the crap out of them last night?"

"Oh, I'm sure we did," I turned my lover around so that the water landed on her back. I adjusted one of the shower heads from its spray setting to one of the pulse massage settings. 

"That feels good," Melinda said as I slowly started to rub the knots out of her shoulders. "Do you want to talk to them today, or should we?"

"I think we should divide and conquer." 

Through the glass, I saw a dark-haired form enter the room and approach the bath area. The shower door opened. Leah shed her bathrobe and stepped in with us. She had a big, excited grin on her face.

"Were they up?" I asked as she kissed both of us.

"You could say that," she snickered. "Katie was bouncing up and down on Carl's cock when I went in their room."

"Did you watch them?" I asked.

"Of course. Turnabout is fair play. And yes, it's huge." Melinda moved out of the way and Leah took her place. I started to rub the other girl's shoulders as Melinda stepped behind me and began massaging my back. "When they finished, I waited a second and then hopped into bed beside them."

"What did they do?" the other girl asked.

"They almost shit a brick," Leah smiled. "I told them that we were leaving in half an hour and that I hoped they'd had saved some for the rest of us."

"You are bad," I smacked her across the backside. "And I love you for it."

Leah turned around and kissed me. She found the soap and began lathering it up in her hands. She took the handful of suds and began stroking my semi-erect cock. I felt Melinda press against my back, her hard nipples against my skin.

She kissed the top of my shoulders and a tingle ran through my body. 

The other girl continued to stroke me until I was fully erect. I couldn't help but moan.

Her hand ran the length of my shaft as she squeezed the head with her other hand.

Leah caressed my balls and moved her hand faster. Back and forth. She rotated her hand all the way around my cock as she stroked its length.

I had to bite my lip to stifle a gasp.

From behind me, I felt Melinda's mouth on the sensitive spots on my back. Her hand worked its way between the cheeks of my ass. 

"Spread your legs for us," one of my lovers whispered. 

Leah continued to work her hands on my cock. Melinda's finger was soaped up and entered my ass. I jumped and nearly popped right there.

All the while, the warm water flowed over us.

Two breasts pressed against me from the front, then two larger ones pressed against my back.

I started to see stars as Leah pumped me faster. One hand cupped my balls and squeezed gently. Melinda matched her rhythm, moving her finger in and out of my asshole.

"Oh, fuck," I moaned. "That feels so good . . ."

"I think he likes that," Leah kissed me.

"I love it!"

"You do?" Melinda's lips hit the sensitive spot on the side of my neck. I had to reach out and steady myself against the shower wall. "Do you love us, too?"

"Yes!"

"Yes, what?" Leah asked, pulling harder on my cock.

At that point, I would have said anything as long as they didn't stop. But I meant it. My best friend from high school and my best friend from college were both with me. Naked. In that instant, I was theirs, just as I knew they were mine. Maybe not forever, maybe not even past the end of this week. But there the three of us stood, connected by our desire. And our love.

"Yes, I love you!"

Melinda pulled me back towards her as she braced herself against the shower wall. I reached a hand between us and began to rub her between the legs. She continued to pay with my ass, and that was driving me crazy.

Not to be left out, Leah kissed me while she held my cock. It's a good thing Melinda was holding me up, because I was about to cum and this orgasm wasn't about to be stopped.

Leah felt my cock pulse and she stroked faster.

My cum mixed with the soap in her hands, leaving them covered in foam. She milked me until I could barely stand up. Then she took her hands and began rubbing them all over her body and Melinda's.

After rinsing the suds from the soap and my cum off, Leah pressed up against me. I pulled her close and kissed her, long and hard.

Leah pulled back and Melinda spun me around in her arms. We kissed until we were both blue in the face. She finally let me up for air.

"Thank you," I croaked feebly. 

"You're welcome," the girls replied. I held both of them for a long while, basking in their touch, savouring the feeling of their skin against mine.

We finally released each other and finished washing up. Each of us washed one of the others until all the sweat and grime from our exertions was gone. 

I shut the water off and we found some towels. We dried off and got dressed. 

Wednesday was supposed to be slightly overcast with a chance of rain. I always like to go to amusement parks when there's a good chance of rain. Not only does it tend to cool things off, it keeps the crowds away.

The clock read 7:30 and we packed up our things in the backpack. We were going over to the Animal Kingdom and getting there early is always a good idea. The lines are shorter, and the animals are more active before the sun comes out.

We went into the kitchen and found that Katie had already made some coffee. There were a couple of doughnuts left, but we decided to stop by the buffet at the Old Key West Resort anyway.

Katie and Carl acted nonchalant, even after our discussion last night. We had caught them watching us having sex and they were embarrassed and excited at the same time. I think a part of them wanted to forget everything that had happened, but another part wanted to cross the river and burn the bridge behind them.

We left the condo, got a quick bite to eat and took the bus over to the Animal Kingdom. Another advantage to staying on the properties is that you can get into the parks earlier than other visitors, so we hit the safari ride and some of the other attractions early. This was not too long after the Animal Kingdom opened, so there were only a limited number of things there. We saw most of what we wanted to see and then got something to eat.

Since it was a little cooler, we were all wearing warmer clothes than the day before. I had a sweatshirt pulled over my t-shirt, while the girls both had shorts on that showed off their legs. Melinda had a white polo shirt on and Leah wore a t-shirt. The girls each had Mickey Mouse windbreakers they found in one of the stores at Buena Vista Village on Sunday afternoon.

After the Kali River Rapids, Katie borrowed Carl's sweatshirt and spent a lot of time in front of the space heater at the end of the exit ramp. Carl also got soaked but it wasn't cold enough to make him shiver. We dried out quickly and after seeing all we could at the Animal Kingdom, we hopped on a bus over to the Disney-MGM Studios theme park.

After we went through the gates, Carl went off in search of a restroom; Leah and Melinda did the same, only in the other direction. That left Katie and I sitting at a table staring at a map of the park.

"What are you thinking?" I asked her.

She didn't say anything for a while. I decided not to push it.

"Do you like it?" Katie asked softly.

"Do I like what?"

"Do you like having sex with two girls at the same time?"

"Of course." I resisted the urge not to say something flippant.

"Don't you feel like you're cheating on them?"

I thought carefully. "No. It's only cheating when your partner doesn't know what you're doing. The three of us have been upfront about the situation from the beginning. And it's not like it's just me having sex with two girls. They've also been together. We are truly sharing each other."

"Carl and I were talking about it last night," Katie stared off into the distance. I could tell this wasn't an easy subject for her. "He won't shut up about how he would love it for me and one of the other two would have sex with him. Or if he had all three of us at once."

"How do you feel about that?" I asked.

"I'm not sure," she sighed. "You guys look so . . . so hot together. I can tell how much you love each other because you all really look like you're enjoying yourselves. There's nothing fake about your passion. I just don't think I could stand the thought of Carl having sex with someone else, much less watch them."

I put my arm around her. "Katie, you don't have to do anything you don't want to. We really don't want to make you uncomfortable and I'm sorry about the way we surprised you yesterday. We shouldn't have just ambushed you like that."

"Then why did you?" She looked at me. I could tell she was hurt the way we cornered them.

"Because if we just asked if you were watching, you'd deny it. We thought we needed to catch you so there wouldn't be any turning back."

"Turning back?" Katie looked confused. "From what?"

"From what the future holds. You might not want to join us. At the same time, you might. This week, you and Carl both will be welcome in our bed. You don't have to do anything. You can just watch if you want. You don't have to get naked and you don't have to do anything with us." I paused and looked her in the eyes. "But I saw the look in your eyes when you were watching me feel Leah up last night at EPCOT. And the look you gave us when we were lying there naked on the bed talking last night."

Katie shifted uncomfortably. 

"Do you want more? More out of sex?" I asked.

She didn't reply. I took her hand and squeezed it gently. "Why don't we see how the rest of the day goes. Talk to Leah. Talk to Melinda. Talk to Carl. You'd probably feel more comfortable talking to one of them, anyways. Remember, we won't ask you to do anything you don't want to."

There was a long silence. Then Katie smiled at me. "I'll think about it."

"Should I ask Carl what he wants?"

Katie laughed and rolled her eyes. "Don't bother. He wants as much as I'd let him get away with. You guys are all alike: horny bastards."

I was happy she thought something was funny.

"I'll be right back." Katie got up suddenly, leaving me sitting there on the bench by myself with the park map and a bewildered look.

Melinda and Leah returned and sat down next to me.

"What did she say?" Leah asked. 

"She's confused." I replied. "I think she's kind of insecure about the whole situation. I told her again that we were sorry for busting them so obviously last night. One or both of you should talk to her. I'll see what Carl has to say, but you guys should mention something to him, too."

Melinda moved over and made room on the bench for Carl. He was examining his own park map. "Where's Katie?"

"She went thataway." Leah pointed towards the women's room.

The four of us plotted out our attack plan for the rest of the day. Katie returned a few minutes later. She threw her arms around Carl and whispered something in his ear. A shocked looked flashed across his face and they kissed.

The three of us looked on curiously. Katie smiled and winked at me.

We took off for the rest of the afternoon and hit all the major rides at MGM. Star Tours, the Tower of Terror, and the new Rock N' Roller Coaster. Like the Animal Kingdom, we found MGM to really be a half-day's worth of stuff. 

The girls and I were on our best behaviour for most of the day. In part, we didn't want to push our other two friends too much, but on many of the rides at MGM, either there isn't the same kind of privacy that there is on some of the attractions in the Magic Kingdom or the rides are more thrill-oriented, and the last thing any of were thinking about on the Tower of Terror was feeling up the person next to us.

Sometime mid-afternoon, the girls disappeared looking for a quick bite to eat. Carl and I found a table and waited for them to come back.

"Having a good time?" I asked.

"Yeah," he replied. "Look, man, I'm really sorry we—"

"Don't worry about it," I waved off his apology. "Like I told Katie, we shouldn't have ambushed you guys like we did."

There was an awkward silence.

"I was wondering something," he stopped, looking for the right words. "What you said last night . . . you know, about us being welcome to watch or join in . . . did you mean that?"

"Yup," I replied. As we were planning this whole thing, the possibility that Katie and Carl might want to join us came up. "The three of us talked about this before and you two are welcome any time."

"It's just that Katie and I have never had anyone else before." He looked almost embarrassed. Guys are conditioned to think that being promiscuous or having a lot of partners is a good thing or something to be admired, while a girl who sleeps around is a slut. He may have thought that I would perceive his lack of experience to be a negative.

In truth, I admire the handful of folks who find their "one and only" and stay with them their entire lives. I'm hardly one to be a proponent of monogamy, but sex—without an emotional connection—with multiple partners is just glorified calisthenics. Don't get me wrong, even sex just for the workout is a lot of fun, but it's so much better when it's with someone you love than just anyone.

"It's okay," I reassured him. "We won't force you into anything. I'd talk to Katie first and see what she wants for you two and with us. I will give you one warning, though: if you want more than just to watch—if you two go through with it and join us in bed—your relationship will change, and it will never be the same. For good or bad, you will not be able to go back to the way things are now. You need to ask yourselves if that's something you really want."  

The girls came back with some burgers and fries. 

Melinda plopped down next to me. "What's the plan?"

"You tell me."

"We want to hit the Tower of Terror again and then thought we'd head back over to the EPCOT," she said, tearing into a cheeseburger. "There are a couple of things we didn't see there and then we'd like to eat at the teppanyaki restaurant in Japan."

"Sounds good to me," Carl nodded.

We finished our quick bite and set off for the rest of the day. I made a call to the desk at the Old Key West Resort and they got us a priority dinner reservation in Japan so we were all set for dinner.

After the bus ride over to EPCOT, the five of us went back to some of our favourite rides. Body Wars had been closed for maintenance the day before, so we went on that. While we were on that side, we did the Fasttrack again.

We were walking over to Horizons again when I felt someone take my hand. To my surprise, it was Katie. Melinda was to my right and Carl and Leah were behind us, so I knew he saw us.

On Horizons, only four people can fit in a car, so we had to split into two groups. Katie, Leah and I ended up together, with Katie in the middle. Carl and Melinda were behind us.

"Guess what?" Katie said softly as we pulled out of the loading area.

"What?" I asked.

"I'm not wearing any panties."

Leah and I exchanged surprised looks.

"I took them off over at MGM."

"Does Carl know?" Leah asked.

"Oh, yes!" Katie blushed. "It's been driving him crazy all afternoon."

"And here we were being good for the benefit of you two." Leah put her arm around Katie. "How does it feel?"

The redhead paused, reflecting her sexual spontaneity. "Naughty. I keep seeing people looking my way and even if I know they're not looking at me, I feel like they know I'm not wearing any underwear."

Leah gave her a reassuring hug, which I know Carl and Melinda could see. The cars on Horizons have a little bit of privacy, but are so close together it's easy to see the other people on the ride. 

Melinda's eyebrow raised up. I smiled and mouthed, "I'll tell you later."

She nodded and Carl whispered something in her ear. She smiled knowingly at me. 

"Does this mean you'll be coming over tonight?" Leah asked Katie.

"I think so," the other girl said nervously. "We'll see what happens."

Smartly, Leah didn't push her any more and the three of us finished the ride in silence, holding hands. As we got off, Leah took Melinda aside and filled her in.

It was nearing our reservation time at the restaurant in Japan and we walked to the back of the World Showcase. Katie and I still held hands with Melinda on the other side of Katie. The two girls talked and giggled together. There was a nervousness in Katie's laugh, but when she squeezed my hand, I got the feeling that everything was going to work out.

Leah had her arm in Carl's and the two of them got well ahead of us. When it became apparent that we weren't going to catch them, Katie pulled us to the side of the path. Even though there were people walking by, it was like the three of us were all alone.

"I told Carl that he could have you," she quietly said to Melinda. "That is, if you want him. Leah, too."

"Are you sure, sweetie?" Melinda looked at the younger girl, a worried crease on her brow. "This is a big step, and we don't want to get between you two."

"I may be opening up Pandora's Box here. But I see the way the three of you look at each other. You three look like you're having so much fun. You share each other so easily. I've watched you make love. Carl and I have lots of sex, but I he's never made me scream the way you guys do. And I don't know that I satisfy Carl the way you and Leah satisfy him." Katie's hands were shaking.

"Oh, honey," Melinda wrapped the other girl in a tender embrace. "You don't have to do this, you know."

"I know," Katie brushed a tear out of her eyes. "But I want to."

"What about you?" Melinda asked. "Do I get to have you, too?"

"I . . . I don't know," Katie stammered, unable to look Melinda in the eyes. "I don't know if I'm ready for that, yet."

Melinda and I exchanged a knowing glance at the word, "yet". 

Katie pulled back from Melinda and I held her tight. Her whole body was shaking. I held her for several minutes. I could feel her heart racing. She fought to keep her breathing regular. Melinda held her hand until she calmed down and then we went to catch up to Leah and Carl.
