 Author's note: I really appreciate those who have taken the time to email me their comments and suggestions plus a few added lovely attachments. Many like my stories for being "short and sweet," while others wanted the stories drawn out more. Here is a start of a longer story and if you have some ideas for the next chapter. Send it.

Mdiver

When you reside in the mid-West it is wonderful to be someplace warm like Cancun anytime during the winter months. Fortunately for my wife Julie and me we are able to spend two weeks for fun and sun in Cancun on an annual basis. Like so many others we thought it would be a good time away from the cold and snow, to just kickback and spend time enjoying a relaxing time at our favorite resort and to have fun with each other, especially sex. We had no idea that we were in for a new sexual adventure.

My wife and I were high school sweethearts and we have been married for nearly ten years. She is 5' 5", brunette, has expressive brown eyes, a nice body, is the love of my life and a great lover. What surprised me, pleasantly I might add, is how much she loves having sex. She loves touching and being touched. She enjoys all forms of erotica, including stories, pictures, movies, and clothes. When we were able to send text messages she and I started exchanging hot and sexy (specially coded) text. She takes great delight in keeping me in a constant hard on and I do my best to keep her aroused. It certainly makes the work day go fast.

She likes being an exhibitionist too. When we travel on business, she likes to stand in front of a window and display her lovely body. Did I mention that she has lovely tits? If there is an office building across the street and she gets noticed, she really gets turned on. I fondly recall the first time she did this a few years ago and it brings a big smile to my face. We were in Chicago and there was an office building across the street with windows that allowed us to see the office workers and for them to see us. It didn't take long before someone noticed Julie's display. He called over a co-worker and then a few others. Soon there were several guys trying to watch without being obvious to others in the office.

Julie really enjoyed putting on a show and I enjoyed watching them watch her. She usually rubs and fondles her tits for a while and even rubs her pussy too. Later I like to come up behind her -- also nude, cup her breast with my hands and kiss the side of her neck. She will then take ahold of my dick and lead me back to bed. I don't know if the folks watching the show could see us fuck, but we pretend that they could.

Last year our work schedules didn't allow us to leave as early as we would have preferred so we ended up traveling during the infamous "Spring Break." I work for a company that does network security for corporations and Julie is a purchasing agent for our local electric utility. We couldn't get away until one of my projects was completed. 

Fortunately we were able to book the same resort as in the past but we had never been there when all the college kids arrive en mass. The resort is a three story large square complex that is open in the center with a nice size pool. It has two restaurants, spa, exercise room, and shops while the beach is a block away. This year we were given a room on the top floor that still afforded a view of the pool. Lots of bodies were already in the pool or in the sun working on a tan when we arrived. I don't believe anyone down below saw the show Julie and I did at the window with all those lovely bodies everywhere around the pool. While she stood at the window I held her left breast with one hand and fingered her cunt and clit with the other. I love bringing her off that way and it gets my cock rock hard. 

Afterwards she caught her breath she gave my cock a wet kiss and then leaned against the window with her legs spread wide so I could take her from behind. I pushed deep into her wet cunt and she tightened her muscles around me. She reached down and held my balls as I began to slowly pump her cunt. As I began to quicken the pace she moved her fingers to rub her clit and soon she was pounding her body hard against me. I could feel her vaginal muscles tighten as I pumped her hot cunt and her fingers worked feverously on her clit. Her orgasm was intense and I could feel her cum run down my balls. She stood still, panting and trying to catch her breath. I leaned down cupping her breasts and whispered into her ear, "I love you sweetheart."

"I love you too," she said and then gave my balls a tender squeeze. "Let's finish this big boy off."

She got on her knees and licked her cum on my balls and cock. She looked up at me and said with a grin, "I love the way you taste with my cum." She took me into her mouth and did her wonderful magic of bringing me off. After she milked all the cum from my dick she suggested we get into our swimsuits and see what is happening around the pool. "Who knows," she said, "there might be some games we can play."

Both of us worked our way through college so taking a trip like these kids were doing was something we never experienced. We felt we were still young enough to fit in with the crowd so we participated in several of the daily festivities. Most of the fun centers on either drinking beer in some fashion or displaying your body. Neither one of us is big on guzzling beer but when it comes to the body you will see us on stage. 

Two favorites of the crowd were the wet tee shirt and the thong swap. Julie did well in the wet tee shirt contest and even though she didn't win, she certainly got noticed. Did I mention she has lovely tits? 

The thong swap was a simple contest. The object is for the women to wear the thong and then have her guy wear it. Judging is left to the hands of a drunken mob. All the women looked great and I can assure you none of us guys had a limp cock. So when it was time for us to put on that thong we had a couple of issues the crowd dearly loved. Nearly all of us had a larger waist than our girl so the thong was pretty tight if even wearable plus with any kind of erection there is absolutely no way to cover it. For some of us it looked like we were wearing a string. We were given a shot of tequila just before walking out on the stage to face a cheering crowd. All of us non winners received a bottle of tequila and I also received the loving affection of my wife. 

I think there was an unwritten rule that the hot tub was topless. What a delight. Evenings would find Julie sitting between my legs with my hands cupping her breast. Come to think of it, that would describe what everyone else in the tub was doing. We talked a lot about school and our jobs. We felt like career guidance counselors to several students. 

Keeping up with the college kids is fun in its own way but exhausting. After a few days of "fun and games," finally I said to Julie, "We came down here for some scuba diving and fun with each other how about a break. Let's go into town, have lunch, and get away from this constant party. Besides, we need to visit a dive operator and schedule some scuba diving." 

After a sensual shower of washing each other we dressed and walked hand in hand toward the main part of the city where the resort staff had recommended some restaurants. Julie likes to tease me with some of her outfits and that day chose to wear a simple yellow sun dress and no bra. I had my doubts that she was wearing anything under it at all. She has been known to go commando and if she can flash me a pussy shot she will do it.

We found one of the recommended restaurants and after reviewing the menu out front went inside.

It was after the noon peak so there were some tables for the picking and I asked the waiter for a table that had less noise. He chose a table near the back that was to our liking that was quiet and yet had some atmosphere. We noticed a couple sitting at a table near us that looked to be a few years older than us. We ordered some drinks, a martini for Julie, and a whisky sour for me. We toasted and settled back for a much quieter lunch for a change. For lunch we chose one of their specials plus our favorite, lime soup. 

After ordering Julie looked over at a couple sitting next to us and starting chatting with them. Introductions were exchanged; they being Cathy and Carl, both with a "C" Cathy pointed out. They hailed from Minnesota and like us were there to get away from the cold and snow. 

We did the usual small talk about jobs, travel, and Cancun. Carl is an engineer for a consulting firm and Cathy is an accountant in a bank trust department. It seems they rented a condo and this was their seventh year in Cancun. Carl pointed out it is a four bedroom condo and they were sharing it with two other couples. Cathy noted that they had known them for a long time and were very close friends. 

One couple is Bill and Shirley. They are an interesting couple in that both are electrical engineers. Bill works for the same company as Carl but not in the same department and his wife Shirley works for the city's public works. And yes Bill and Shirley receive a lot of comments about both being engineers. The other couple is Michael and Linda; Linda was Julie's roommate all through college and Michael is a patent attorney. Linda works in the HR department for the same consulting firm where Carl and Bill work. 

We would later learn how close those friends were.

Carl and Cathy moved over to our table and the girls sat on one side leaving Carl and me on the other. The conversation was quite enjoyable and as usual the women were soon into their "girl talk," while Carl and I were talking jobs, sports, and vacations. We all agreed it is difficult getting schedules to come together for trips especially in winter when we want to come to some place warm like Cancun. We enjoy the climate and atmosphere of Cancun although spring break can be a bit much. When we mentioned we were staying at a resort that catered to the college kids Cathy wanted to know what goes there. "The condo management won't rent to the spring break kids and that keeps the place fairly quiet so we only see the crowd when we go to the beach. We have a lovely unit with a complete kitchen, spacious bedrooms each with a fireplace, state of the art entertainment center for the main room and bedrooms, and a wonderful view of the city from the hot tub. We rent the same unit every year."

By then Julie is well into her second martini. With one she is pretty talkative; with two she can say some outrageous and provocative things. So when Cathy asked what went on at the resort I held my breath. 

Julie was pretty tame with the wet tee shirt contest although she mentioned that the silicones fared better than "us" naturals. She was, however a bit more descriptive of the thong contest. Cathy did not bat an eye when Julie described the tiny thong we were to wear and how much pussy she was able to show. Then she described in detail how much of my dick and balls were hanging out. Normally I would say that such a narrative would be met with a glare and a quick change of subject but Cathy said she wished she and Carl could have watched us; in fact, to even participate. 

"I would have loved to have seen you both. Your description sounds delicious. We are too old to compete with the college kids but my Carl has a beautiful cock and he looks very sexy in my thong bikini. By the way, who won?" 

"Well," Cathy said with a grin, "The guy who won was so much larger physically than his girl that all he could do was just hang the thong from a nice size dick that stuck straight out. But I was very proud of my husband's display and size." I looked over her way and gave her an appreciative grin and wink.

"I hope you rewarded your husband with a good bj," Cathy said while looking at me with a sly grin.

"I love having Carl's hard cock in my mouth and feeling his cum pulse through my hand and into my mouth."

Carl gave me a nudge and whispered, "This is going to get good." He took his drink, sat back, and looked at his wife with a big smile.

I imitated Carl's action and thought 'wow, Julie has met her match.' 

Julie, not to be outdone, responded with yes she rewarded my efforts not to mention bravery with a blow job which was followed by me eating her pussy. "I love his taste of cum in my mouth while he is bringing me off with one orgasm after another with his marvelous tongue. Just talking about it makes my pussy wet."

From there on it was off to the races with each delivering very a graphic description of their sexual enjoyment. Just listening to them describe how much they enjoyed giving and receiving oral sex had me shifting in my chair to make room for a growing erection. I also couldn't help but stare at the hard nipples that Cathy and Julie were displaying. I think they described half a dozen positions for fucking and dildo action. Fucking in the hot tub, fucking in the kitchen, fucking in the shower, you name it and if there is a way to fuck or suck or lick, it happens. It was when they talked about getting their pussy waxed I really thought Carl and I would be treated to a 'show and tell.'

Finally Carl cleared his throat and said to Cathy that maybe now would be a good time to talk more about the condo arrangement. Julie and I gave each other a puzzled look and wondered why the change. 

Cathy gave a big smile and wholly agreed. "The six of us who rent the condo are really, really good friends. We like that place because we have our own private orgy." The next sound you heard was two jaws hitting the table. I looked at Julie and she at me as we both had that jaw dropping surprised look. We certainly didn't see that one coming. "We are all ears," said my wife as she reached across the table and gave my hand a squeeze.

Carl and Cathy began a narrative of how they came to be by things they did together like golf, tennis, pool, etc. and later vacations. It started innocently enough when Cathy had a wardrobe malfunction in the hot tub. Her top snagged on something and it was just enough that when she stood up the top came off. Well with enough alcohol and being comfortable with friends, she just left it off. '"You tell the rest Carl,"

"With pleasure sweetheart. Well much to our surprise and delight, Linda and Shirley stood up and removed theirs. Well we guys could only do what guys do; we egged the girls on to take everything off. After some, I will if you will, they all stripped at the same time. Then it became, OK boys, we showed you ours, now you show us yours. I don't think I have ever seen three guys remove and toss their swimsuits so fast. So there we stood, all naked and then our hands went exploring. My hands were all over Shirley's and Linda's tits and Cathy was taking turns stoking Bill's and Mike's cock. The next thing I knew, Cathy had Bill's cock in her mouth and I found it very erotic watching her. I guess that started it all because Linda came over and started sucking my cock and Shirley did the same to Mike. After that it became a fuck fest. We enjoyed it so much that it became our "vacation" event. Now we do it fairly often at each other's home."

"Our rules are simple, he continued. "This is not a swap. Everything is done in the open not in the bedrooms. We are into fun sex and we don't want any jealousies. I think you would enjoy our group and if you would like to come by for drinks later around five to meet the others you are cordially invited. If you want to stay that is great, if you feel uncomfortable or think this is not for you that is fine too. We don't want you to feel pressured in any way. Talk it over and if you decide, here is our address. There is no pressure to stay the night either but we do have a spare bedroom."

Julie looked at Cathy and said, "Do I need to bring anything?"


"Only your husband my dear, only your husband."

...To be continued...