 This is the fifth part of my series entitled "Spring Break". Although you don't have to, if you haven't read the other four parts, you might want to check them out first. If you like this or any of my other stories, please vote for them. I've received lots of feedback and comments so far, and I appreciate hearing from other folks about my work. I would love to hear from you, too, so feel free to leave a comment or send me an email. I hope you enjoy my tale as it continues!

************************

Friday

Katie came to see us early the next morning.

Melinda has always been a morning person. Every semester she has had classes first thing, and even when school is out, she gets up early to exercise and then go to work. I was vaguely aware of her slipping quietly out of the bed.

It was just before dawn. There was still light coming into the room from behind the curtains from the streetlamps outside the condo, but the softness of natural sunlight was beginning to show through, too.

As I blinked back the cobwebs, I watched her moved silently around the room, looking for a sports bra, t-shirt, workout shorts and tennis shoes. I admired her curves and wondered why I hadn't woken up with her every day for the past three years. 

She didn't notice that I was awake as she gathered her clothes. I lay there unmoving, wanting only to see her beautiful face and voluptuous body in the morning light.

Melinda had her outfit in one hand, her shoes and socks in the other and was probably going to the kitchen to dress. She was almost to the door when Katie appeared. 

The girls whispered to themselves for a moment, then Melinda turned and noticed that I wasn't sleeping. I smiled at both of them.

Katie motioned towards the bed and the girls crawled in next to me. Neither girl was dressed, although Katie clearly had a more eventful night than Melinda. There were fresh hickeys on her collarbones and breasts. Her face radiated the glow of someone who just had a night of incredibly satisfying sex.

The three of us were under the covers. Katie was in the middle like a young child who was lying in bed with her parents.

"I wanted to thank you guys for this week," she started.

"The week's not over," Melinda said with a wink.

"I know," Katie looked like she had been up for a while and had been searching for the right things to say. "It's been very interesting being with you guys this week. I've learned a lot of things about myself and about Carl and I. It's like my eyes have been opened to a whole new world."

Melinda I traded a curious look.

"That night that you guys caught us watching, you really scared me," Katie continued. "I realised that I had been trying to live in the comfort box my parents, my friends and my church had set up around me. You guys forced me out of the box. And I think I like it better."

"What about Carl?" I asked. "Is he okay with what has happened this week?"

"I don't know." Katie looked somber. "We talked about it last night at dinner. He got exactly what he said he wanted, but I get the feeling it may have been better left a fantasy for him. The reality is that he wanted to have you and Leah, but he didn't want to share me. It doesn't help that in his little Southern Baptist mind, he's uncomfortable with how much I like being with other girls."

Katie smiled unconsciously when she mentioned Leah's name. Melinda frowned, but Katie didn't see it.

"He likes to watch and fantasise about girls with other girls, and when we're going hot and heavy, he's into it. But when he has a few minutes to think about it, I think he wonders if we're doing something wrong." Katie paused to collect her thoughts. "We decided to wait until we got home before we talked about it any more. You three have brought us so much pleasure, we just want to savour that this week and worry about the rest later."

Melinda reached out and stroked Katie's hair.

The redheaded girl turned to her. "You have always made me uncomfortable. Guys can't stop looking at your curves. You and Leah both. You're so sexy. Your hips sway when you walk. You're always in control of the situation. I feel small and insignificant when I'm around you. I see how guys stare at you and I feel invisible next to you. Sometimes, I've found myself staring at you, too. Now I know why I was staring. I hate to admit it, but I've wished that I were you so many times . . ."

"Oh, sweetie," Melinda said softly. "You're perfect the way you are. You can have these things hanging off my chest. In ten years, they're going to be down around my waist. Your breasts—" 

"You mean my mosquito bites," Katie blushed.

Melinda gave her a knowing look. "Sweetie, your breasts are always going to be high and perky. You're so cute with your tight little butt and smooth tummy. I just attract guys who can't talk to anything above my neck or who like girls with a little bit of meat on their bones."

"What's wrong with that?" I asked.

"So you're saying I'm big?" Melinda laughed, knowing this was one path I didn't want to go down (or she'd cut me off for a month).

"I'm saying that both of you girls are perfect." I was careful to take the middle ground. "God built everyone to look a certain way. You're bigger and rounder and softer in some places. And you are smoother and tighter in some places. There's nothing wrong with each of you being the way you are."

"You're just saying that to stay out of trouble," Katie teased. 

"I'm saying that because it's true." I pulled both girls close to me.

The three of us held each other in silence for a while.

Katie turned to Melinda. "When you kissed me, I thought I was going to die. All I could hear in my head was my mother's voice shrieking at me, 'Katelyn, what are you doing? You're not supposed to be kissing other girls. Lesbians end up in Hell.' I didn't want to like it at first. I was afraid."

"Of what?" Melinda asked.

"That I'd like it too much," Katie replied.

"Did you? Like it, too much, I mean?"

"I probably liked it too much for my mother."

"Enough to try it again?" Melinda leaned in.

Unlike their first kiss, Katie took control and pressed Melinda back on the bed. They kissed again. 

Katie's hands went to the other girl's breasts. She started to knead them and her fingers found the protruding nipples.

I lay back as the girls shared their private moment. Melinda took Katie in her arms and pulled the other girl on top of her. 

They continued to caress each other's bodies. Katie's mouth worked its down to the breasts she desired, playing with the nipples. Leaving a sloppy trail of kisses on each of the generous globes.

Melinda spread her legs, and her hairless pussy rubbed against Katie's red bush.

The two girls moaned and started to grind together.

Bringing her back up, Melinda kissed Katie again, and then pushed her back, holding her up by her small breasts.

Katie looked like she was riding Melinda. They gazed into each other's eyes and continued to gyrate their hips together.

They rubbed their swollen clits together and groaned with satisfaction.

Katie reached down and began playing with Melinda's breasts. They squeezed each other and stimulated spots only other girls knew.

Their grinding became faster. Their breathing harder. Katie started to bounce up and down on Melinda, only instead of her pussy swallowing a cock, it struck a bare snatch. 

Both their labia were spread wide and the girls both began to gasp with pleasure. Between their pussies and playing with each other's breasts, the girls soon exploded with pleasure. 

Their hips began to grind together furiously.

"Oh, Katie," Melinda cried out softly, indicating that she was cumming.

The other girl's orgasm wasn't very far behind and soon she had collapsed on top of Melinda. Their breasts pressed together and they were vigorously kissing each other.

Katie bit Melinda's lip. Melinda reached down and took the perfect cheeks of Katie's ass in her hands.

They pressed their pussies together one last time and then just held one another.

Katie purred with pleasure and gave Melinda a kiss. 

"Thank you," she whispered.

Melinda could only let out a soft moan in response.

Katie rolled off Melinda, who let out a disappointed sigh.

I soon found her in my arms. 

"Your turn," she said quietly.

Pulling her close, I kissed her gently. 

Soon, Katie was on her back, grinding her pussy against my cock. I felt her nipples press against my chest. Melinda lay next to us, gazing intently just as I had watched her and Katie just a few minutes before.

In moments, my cock was deep inside Katie. When I entered her, I slipped in easily. Her channel was well-lubricated from her own excretions as well as a load or two of cum from Carl the night before. 

Her eyes were closed as we made love slowly. None of us were in any hurry.

She cried out when I hit bottom or used the shaft of my cock to grind against her button.

I moaned when she grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me inside her as deep as I would go.

She arched her back as I nibbled on her breasts.

I was unable to move as her teeth raked my neck and she sucked on the spot just under my ear.

Her touch was electric.

"Oh, god . . . oh, god . . . that feels . . . so good . . ." she whispered in my ear. "Your cock feels so good . . . I love to have you in my pussy . . ."

We kissed as her words trailed off.

"You're so tight," I told her. "You're so hot, Katie . . . you're so wet for me . . ."

I felt a familiar tingling in the head of my cock and pushed hard inside her.

Katie gasped and dug her fingernails into my shoulders.

She let out a soft moan and bucked against me.

"Cum inside me." Her voice was hoarse. 

That did it for me. I felt my balls contract and spurts of cum erupt inside Katie's pussy.

She cried out softly, overcome by her second orgasm in the past few minutes.

I continued to slowly move my cock in and out of her pussy until I had run dry.

Katie wrapped her arms and legs around me.

"Thank you, too," she said.

We held each other for several minutes, then as quickly as she had come, Katie gave us each a quick kiss and then got out of the bed and left.

Melinda and I cuddled some more, her morning walk forgotten. The sun was coming out but neither of us wanted to get out of bed.

"What are you thinking about?" she asked.

I didn't answer for a long time.

"You," I said simply.

"What about me?"

I struggled to find the words. "How much I love being with you. How good you make me feel. How beautiful you are. I don't know why you put up with me."

"I'm just using you for the sex," she teased.

"I'm a lucky guy to have a girl like you."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that not many girls would go on vacation with a guy who brought another girl with him, and then was willing to sleep with both of them."

"Don't forget about the other couple that came on vacation," Melinda said.

I started to say something else but stopped. Melinda looked at me expectantly.

"Thank you." I said and squeezed her.

"For what?"

"For being such a good sport this week."

"I'd do anything for you." The look on her face softened. Then she smiled at me. "Besides, I got three new lovers this week. You've done more sharing than I have."

I smiled slightly. She had one arm across me and pressed against my side. Her breath tickled my chest. Our bodies just seemed to fit just right. It was as if we had been made to hold each other.

"Why don't we do this more often?" I said.

"Do what?"

"Wake up together."

"We can if you want." After three years, I think Melinda was a little unsure of what I was asking her. She thought I feared commitment, which is why I would had given up my job working nights and weekends. Looking back, that was probably partially true, and I rationalised it by saying that I had bills to pay. I was such an idiot.

She looked up to see if I was serious. I gazed back into her eyes and smiled. "Yes, I want that."

************************

The five of us eventually rolled out of bed and got up. Leah was especially groggy. She had been ridden hard, by both Katie and Carl, and I mean that in the good way.

Melinda and I were just about to get in the shower when Leah stumbled in. Her hair was a mess. Her breasts and ass had red splotches all over where it looked like people had been grabbing or sucking on her. She was sporting a couple of hickeys on the insides of her thighs. I don't think I had ever seen her so happy.

We each gave her a good morning kiss and then ushered her into the shower, massaging her with our hands and the hot water. She stood unmoving under one of the shower heads for a good 10 minutes as it rinsed the grime off her from the night before.

"How'd it go?" Melinda asked when Leah finally looked like she had gathered herself together.

Leah's face spread into a dreamy smile. "Oh, it was wonderful. We were at it all night."

"We know," I laughed. "We heard you guys."

She blushed.

"You and Katie sounded like you were especially enjoying each other," Melinda said, trying to tactfully broach the subject.

Leah blushed some more and her smile got even dreamier.

I saw a frown cross Melinda's face for a second. "Don't make her fall in love with you."

"What do you mean?" Leah asked.

"You know exactly what I mean," Melinda said sternly. "Don't make her fall in love with you unless you're going to catch her. I can see it in her eyes . . . and in yours. There's already a wedge between her and Carl thanks to the three of us. You can only make it worse."

Leah huffed indignantly. "But we—"

"But nothing," Melinda cut her off. "You live five hundred miles away. You've only known her for six days. She can't stay with Carl and carry on a long distance relationship with you at the same time. Her parents will kill her if they find out about you two. Did you see the look on Carl's face last night? When you two were bawling your eyes out together on the boat back here? He was crushed. If this is just puppy love or infatuation, you need to stop it before it gets out of control, because—God knows—Katie can't."

I saw Leah start to reply, but instead she fell silent. She looked like she was about to cry.

Melinda's face softened and she took the other girl in her arms. Leah was hurt and angered by Melinda's words. However, she realised that the reason why they stung so badly was because they were true.

"Honey," Melinda started, speaking softly into Leah's ear. "You and I are all about the sex. I'm very glad to have finally met you and I realise why you're his best friend. You're an amazing person and I wish we had all gotten together sooner. But I'm not in love with you. You're fantastic in bed—for both of us—and I'm jealous that there will always be a part of his heart that is yours, because I want him all to myself . . . but as long as he'll share you with me, I'll be happy."

The two girls stared into each other for a moment.

"I know we talked about this week being a wild fling for all of us," Melinda continued. "And I don't mean just for us; Katie and Carl, too. But you and Katie are way more serious than you should be. You need to decide what you want, and if you're willing to pay the price for it. Ask yourself if that price includes Katie's relationship with her boyfriend and her family."

Leah swallowed hard and looked away.

"I'll think about it," she whispered.

I shut the water down and the three of us got out of the shower in silence. We dried off and got dressed.

It was almost noon. I looked around for something to eat, but we had already taken care of most of the food we had brought, so I settled for a handful of chips and a soda.

Melinda went to check on Katie and Carl. Leah and I sat on the couch in front of the TV. She hadn't said much since we got out of the shower. I put my arm around her. She leaned against me.

We didn't say anything. We didn't have to.

The other three emerged from the other bedroom. The five of us discussed what to do for the rest of the day. Our vacation was soon coming to an end. 

After some discussion, we decided to head back over to the Magic Kingdom and do some of our favourite rides. 

As we were getting our things ready, I searched around in my suitcase for a surprise I had been saving for Melinda.

When no one else was around, went over to her and lifted her skirt. I pushed her panties aside and began to rub her clit. She moaned. I slipped a small egg-shaped vibrator inside her. She gasped with surprise.

"I want you thinking about me all day." I kissed her one more time and then went to find the others.

When we finally got over to the Magic Kingdom, it was about one o'clock. We made a list of the things we definitely wanted to do again and then began marking them off.

Space Mountain. Peter Pan. Thunder Mountain. Pirates of the Caribbean.

Throughout the day, I kept my eyes on Leah. She was very quiet. There was an uncomfortable tension among our group. Katie tried to draw her out a couple of times, but Leah was keeping her at arms length. I don't think Katie knew what was going on and looked hurt. My heart broke for both of them.

When we were watching the Timekeeper 360° movie, I pulled Leah close to me. She leaned against me and had a distant look on her face as the movie started.

I kissed her gently and then slipped something into her hand. She took the object, which was the size of a pocket flashlight. On the end was a button that clicked on and off, and on one side was a slider.

"What's this for?" she asked.

"Press the button." I whispered.

My eyes were on Melinda when Leah clicked on the remote control. The blonde girl nearly fell over. Carl caught her. I think some of the people around us thought she was having an epileptic seizure or something.

"Um, you might want to move the slider down from high," I said as Leah giggled. She dialed it back to a slower setting. Melinda's eyes smoldered with pleasure as she stood there, trying not to cry out or jump one of us right there.

Leah finally turned the vibrator off and we left the movie. Aside from being very small and compact, it was nearly silent.

"I'm going to kill you guys for this," Melinda warned us as we were walking by the go-cart track.

I smiled mischievously. Leah responded by turning the vibrator on high for about five seconds. Melinda stopped in her tracks, bit her lip and did her best not to scream.

"You're evil," Melinda said when she could talk again.

For the rest of the afternoon, Leah turned the vibrator on at the times that were the most inopportune for Melinda. When she was buying something in one of the shops. When she tried to order lunch at one of the counters. She even turned it on and left it on low for the entire time during "It's a Small World". I thought Melinda's teeth were never going to stop chattering.

Katie and Carl had no idea what was going, but clearly suspected that the three of us were up to something. 

The five of us worked our way to the back of the corner of the park. Katie and Carl wanted to go on the Haunted Mansion again. 

"We want pins, too," Katie winked as they went to get in line. There was always a wait there and this was before the days of the FASTPASS. 

Leah, Melinda and I begged off. Instead, we went over to Tom Sawyer's Island. I wanted some alone time with "my" girls.

It was just before dinner time, which is a great time to do some of the rides. The folks who have been there all day have hit the proverbial wall. Everyone is at a low energy point so the lines tend to be shorter (although there is always a line at the more popular rides like Space Mountain) as people either go back to their hotel rooms or stop to get something to eat.

There was almost no one on the island. After taking the big paddlewheel boat across the man-made river, the three of us took off like little kids exploring the nooks and crannies of the island and the big fort.
