 Carl and I walked back into the main room and I stood for a moment mesmerized by the beautiful scene of girls and guys fucking and sucking. No porn movie I have ever watched was as erotic as this. Making it even better is watching my beautiful wife eagerly eating Cathy's pussy while Bill is fucking her doggie style. As Bill slid his cock in and out of Julie's cunt, she would match his movement by sliding her tongue up and down Cathy's clit. I was getting hard just watching my lovely wife in action.

Carl gave me a wink and I watched him move to kneel over Cathy face. He gave her a kiss and then started kissing and licking her tits. I'm sure I could hear Cathy in the ecstasy of an orgasm as I moved over to observe Linda, Shirley and Mike. 

Like the other group, Shirley was in a doggie style as she licked Linda's pussy and Mike fucked her from behind. Not only was Shirley licking and sucking but she was fucking Linda's cunt with her fingers. Linda was squeezing her nipples hard as I knelt in front of her just in time to hear her panting and moaning as her orgasm was building. Shirley shoved her fingers in deep and Linda's body shook from her orgasm. That orgasm quickly brought Shirley to her climax. I gazed with awe and delight at the two women as their orgasms rolled through them. Watching a woman cum is incredibly beautiful and erotic.

Shirley resumed her licking and finger fucking and I started licking and sucking on Linda's tits. How very nice they felt in my mouth. I squeezed them, licked them and sucked on her nipples. She held my arms and as her orgasms would build, she would squeeze harder and harder until her climax. Her body would shudder and then finally relax, and fortunately her grip too. I did feel a bit of jealousy in that I wished it was me eating her cum instead of Shirley, but there will be other opportunities to eat her pussy and enjoy her cum, I assured myself.

Linda was very responsive to the fucking, licking, and sucking action being performed on her body because her orgasms seemed to be almost continuous. Shirley wasn't far behind in her orgasms and it was during one of her orgasms I heard Mike panting that he was about to cum too. As he neared the edge, he pulled Shirley's hips and shoved his cock in deep, filling her cunt with his cum. We took a few moments to let Mike catch his breath and Shirley leaned up enough to give him a kiss. Linda took that opportunity to give me a smile and pull my cock to her mouth to kiss it. I smiled back, gave her tits a squeeze and kissed her mouth. I remembered very well how sensuous her mouth felt around my cock earlier.

We resumed our play but this time Mike adjusted his position a bit behind his wife. I heard her gasp and moan as he inserted his thumb into her cunt and his fingers between the pussy lips. I think she had an immediate orgasm. She rode his fingers and thumb for a few moments until her orgasm had subsided and then started licking Linda's pussy again.

It seemed the orgasms were never ending until Linda, finally after her last orgasm, asked us to stop. We adjusted our positions so I was sitting behind Linda and holding her in my arms. Mike and Shirley moved into the same position beside me. 

"Tell me, Ron, what do you think of our little group?" asked Linda.

"I can say, speaking for Julie and me, we are very happy to be here and really thank you for including us. This is our kind of fun."

"Speaking of fun, I would like to get you hard and feel you cum in my cunt," said Linda as she moved my hands up to squeeze her breast.

"That's an offer I can't refuse," I said in my best "Godfather" imitation.

I stood up and Linda knelt in front of me taking my limp cock fully into her mouth and cupping my balls with her hand. She moved it around with her tongue, all the while making it very wet from her saliva. Her sensuous technique soon had my cock growing in her mouth. She continued to lick and suck it until it was completely hard and very ready for her cunt. I glanced over to Mike and Shirley, seeing that they were still seated in the same position except Mike was fondling her breast with one hand and rubbing her clit with the other. I looked over to the other group and my lovely wife had Bill's cock in her mouth giving him a very nice bj while Carl was eating Cathy's pussy. 

Linda had me lay on my back so she could be on top. She took my dick in her hand and rubbed it back and forth along her pussy lips. Slowly she moved it around her cunt and gently began to slide down my love pole. She slid her cunt all the way down and then just sat there with her eyes closed and a smile on her face. Her only movement was the flexing of her vaginal muscles around my hard member. Slowly she began to rock back and forth and unconsciously she moved her hands to cup her breast. 

She opened her eyes and placed her hands on my breasts; squeezing them like she had done with her own. I reached around her arms and took her nipples between my fingers and thumbs; giving them a gentle squeeze. Using my chest for support she began to move up and down. First it was short strokes, but as her excitement grew, the strokes got longer and faster until she reached her climax. Her rest was a repeat of how she started. She sat still and I could feel her vaginal muscles flexing once again. After a few moments she started moving up and down. Slowly at first, with short stokes that soon gave way to riding the length of my cock. She went from top to bottom, not as fast this time and certainly deeper. Her body was slamming into mine. Her next orgasm was more intense and lasted longer than the first. 

She sat motionless with her eyes closed for a few minutes and then said, "Thank you. Now I want you to fill my cunt with your cum."

I took Linda doggie style and Mike and Shirley came over to help. Shirley knelt behind me and took my balls in her hand while Mike fucked her from behind. 

Suddenly I heard Julie say, "Why don't we make a train?" 

I watched Julie kneel behind Mike, Carl got behind her, Cathy behind Carl, and Bill behind Cathy. 

With all of the erotic excitement around me, plus having my balls fondled it didn't take long for me to pump my load into Linda. As I started to cum I pushed my cock in deep while she tightened her vaginal walls, holding me in place. I just stayed there, savoring the moment, and soon I heard the grunts and moans as the others reach their climax.

We adjourned back to the hot tub for a much needed rest. It was late in the evening and with the lights off, we could enjoy the night lights of Cancun. After a few drinks Carl announced he and Cathy were calling it a night. "I'd fuck my wife one more time but I don't think I can get it up," he said with a laugh as they headed, hand in hand, into the house. "Breakfast will be on the table at 8:30," announced Cathy, "Coffee by 7."

I whispered to Julie that I was exhausted too. She then informed the group that we were also calling it a night and thanked them for a wonderful and memorable evening. "By the way, I know we have spent the last several hours naked, but just for us newbies, what is the dress code for breakfast?

"We do naked at night and casual during the day. Like you would wear walking around town," replied Linda.

Once in the bedroom we made a beeline to the shower. As I washed Julie's body, I began getting an erection. Julie looked at me with a smile and said, "I want that thing rested in the morning. I enjoy sucking you off in the morning and I'd like to keep it that way."

After our shower we felt tired and I think I was asleep before my head hit the pillow. Oddly enough, we were up at our normal 7 AM time and by 7:30, Julie had her cum fix and we were dressed, heading to the kitchen. Julie wore only a tee shirt and shorts; no underwear. 

We were the last couple to join the group and it turns out Julie was not alone in her dress code. None of the women wore a bra under their tee shirt. In my mind I pictured them with no panties too and as images of their naked bodies flashed through my mind I could feel my cock begin to grow. The sound of "come and get it" brought me back to reality.

During breakfast we once again thanked the group for allowing us to join their playtime yesterday. I then inquired if they did all their vacations together.

"No, we don't," replied Carl. "We all take our vacations as a couple and sometimes, depending on everyone's schedule, we may only get to include one other couple. But we do try to have the whole group together twice a year, which is now and around Labor Day week. We keep a calendar of when one couple is looking to be joined by others."

"We like cruising," Julie said, "We try to do one every year so hopefully we can find a matching schedule.

"Julie and I like to do a balcony scene in every port that you won't see Juliet do with Romeo," I said with a big grin.

"Our kind of cruise," Linda said.

We chatted about our travels and I pointed out to Carl that Julie and I had an early flight the next day and we would need to be making our exit.

Carl had a better idea. He would drive us back so we could pack and check out. He would come by and bring us back to the condo for some play tonight. "As much as we like an orgy, a back-to-back night is not practical. However, tonight we have a 'couple's choice,' and it just so happens to be Cathy and my turn. We keep it simple. I want all the women to take turns sitting on my face and jacking off until they cum. Cathy wants all the women to bring their man off and cum on her face. The rest of the time is the open bar and the hot tub."

"You hit on two of my favorite activities," Julie said with a big grin.