 This is the second part in a series titled "Spring Break". The stories are sequential, and although it would be helpful to read them in order, it's not really necessary. If you like the story, please vote and leave me a comment or send me an email. Enjoy!

************************

Tuesday

My eyes fluttered awake at the noise. I couldn't identify it at first, but as the cobwebs cleared out of my head, I recognised it as muffled screaming.

Leah lay on the bed next to me. Her arms were wrapped around a pillow that she clutched to her chest as if her life depended on it. She had one corner in her mouth and her teeth were clamped down tighter than a bulldog on a side of steak.

Her eyes were closed and tears streamed down her cheeks. I looked down and saw Melinda's face buried in Leah's pussy. Her mouth enveloped the other girl's clit and she had a finger or two working in and out of our lover's dripping hole.  

I turned my head, careful not to move too quickly, lest I disrupt the girls's coupling.

Melinda must have been very good at cunnilingus because she had Leah panting and moaning despite their intentions not to wake me.

Leah's legs were spread wide and I could see Melinda flicking her tongue and sucking with her lips.

On most days I have a case of "morning wood," so Mr. Happy was already up and ready to go. Seeing my two lovers going at it only made him more excited, if that were possible.

The brunette girl must have been close when I awoke because it was only a few minutes later that she began moving her hips back and forth in Melinda's face. Leah arched her back.

"Oh, sweet Jesus!" her voice was barely a horse whisper. "Oh, fuck . . . oh, god . . . eat that pussy . . . eat . . . eat me . . . oh, god!"

She stuffed the pillow back in her mouth to keep from screaming. Her knuckles turned white and she pushed her pussy forward, as if she were trying to force it down our other lover's throat.

Their bodies tensed and then Melinda dove in as the floodgates opened. Leah began to cum . . . and cum . . . and cum . . .

Melinda drank it all down, or at least as much as she could. 

All the while Leah's head rocked back and forth in the throes of an earth-shattering orgasm.

It was quite something to see, especially considering that Leah is very aural. When she's excited, she tends to chatter and babble, sometimes incoherently. When she's really excited, she tends to moan and scream.

This time, though, except for her one little outburst, she was virtually silent as the waves of the orgasm wracked her body. 

I stroked my hard cock, wanting desperately to be in the middle of the action, but at the same time, enjoying watching my two lovers share each other.

Leah's rocking slowed and soon she was laying flat on the bed, her eyes closed, whimpering softly. Satisfied.

When there was no more cum to be had from between Leah's legs, Melinda climbed up over Leah, as if to mount her. Their breasts pressed together and they embraced.

Leah wrapped her legs around Melinda and they held each other tight. They kissed tenderly. Both girls were oblivious to me.

They continued kissing and caressing each other for some time. Exploring.

Melinda gently wiped the tears from Leah's eyes and brushed the hair out of her face.

I was enraptured.

Leah ran her fingertips up and down Melinda's back, leaving a trail of goosebumps. 

Melinda pushed the hair aside and kissed Leah's neck. The brunette bit her lip and moaned softly. Then Leah nibbled back.

When her head turned towards me, Leah noticed I was awake. There was a dreamy look in her eyes. She smiled at me lovingly, but I was pretty sure I wasn't the object of her affections at the moment. "Good morning, sleepyhead."

Melinda turned, too. I shifted over on my side and leaned in to kiss both girls. There was a familiar taste in both girls's mouth as I quickly discovered that Melinda wasn't the only one who had been eating pussy that morning.

Leah rolled Melinda to her right so she was in the middle with her back to me. Melinda reached around and felt for my cock, knowing it would be hard first thing in the morning.

She lifted her leg and began to rub the head of my cock against the wet entrance to her box.

I put one arm under the pillow and reached around with the other. First, I turned her head and kissed her lips, then her cheek and then behind her ear. Then, my hand went to her full breasts. I cupped them one at a time and found Leah's hands on them as well.

Pushing forward, I felt the head of my cock enter Melinda. She was already soaked and I slid effortlessly inside her. I pushed with my hips and pulled against her breasts. Slowly.

I felt fingers brushing against the underside of my cock and spreading Melinda's labia. I did a quick hand-check and realised that it wasn't Melinda's hand down there.

"God, that feels so good." I couldn't tell if she was speaking to me or Leah.

The girls continued to kiss. They made little cooing and sucking sounds as their lips met. Melinda pulled Leah close with one hand behind her head and the other on her bare ass.

My own hands went to Melinda's wide hips as I pumped my cock in and out of her.

Our early morning lovemaking was slow. 

It was beautiful. 

It was magic.

Melinda breathed in sharply. I could feel Leah's hand moving faster, so I moved my hips faster. We established an easy rhythm.

As Leah kissed Melinda's lips, I pushed her hair out of the way and kissed the back of her neck. Then behind her ear. Then down across her shoulder.

I left a wet line across Melinda's shoulder, and Leah blew softly from the top of her neck all the way down. Our lover shivered with delight.

My hand continued to rub Melinda's breast in time with my thrusts, even as Leah pressed against us.

"Keep doing that," Melinda panted. Again, I didn't know which one of us she was talking to. "Don't stop . . . don't stop . . . don't stop fucking me . . . oh, god . . . oh, fuck . . ."

Leah's hand moved even faster. I could feel her pressing against Melinda's clit and brushing against the bottom of my cock. I tried to keep up.

"Cum for us," Leah said to Melinda between kisses. "Cum for us, baby. Cum all over that cock. Cum for me."

Melinda arched her back. She pressed her ass against me, trying to take as much of my engorged sex inside her as she could. At the same time she wanted to press her pussy against Leah's hand, so she pressed forward. Melinda alternated between us, lost in her own little world of pleasure.

The big bed began to shake as the three of us neared the climax.

Leah and I squeezed Melinda's breasts together and she cried out. 

Melinda turned her head towards me and we kissed, our tongues meeting.

Leah's mouth went to the other girl's breasts, suckling on the nipples.

"Oh, god," I could feel the head of my cock begin to tingle. I tried desperately to hold it for a few more moments, but it was too late. "Here I cum!"

"Yes!" Melinda moaned. "Cum with me . . . Give it to me . . . Cum inside me . . . oh, fuck . . . oh . . . fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck . . . Oh!"

Leah pressed a finger against the base of my cock my orgasm started. She pressed the palm of her hand against Melinda's clit and continued to rub as the two of us went over the edge.

I pressed against Melinda's ass, my cock buried inside her sweet, wet pussy. All the while it flared, releasing my seed inside her.

Melinda pulled Leah close to her and they were kissing.

The sound of my heart pounding filled my ears, drowning out Melinda's moaning and Leah's exhortations for us to cum together.

Leah's hand was still pressed against the base of my cock as the last of my cum emptied out of my balls.

I must have blacked out for a second. When I came to, I was still inside Melinda, clutching her ass in my hands.

Somehow, I managed to lift my head. The girls were giggling softly. They looked at me, silly grins on their faces. 

"One time and you already need a rest?" Melinda kissed me. 

Leah then leaned in to get hers. "If you pass out after having one of us, what are you going to do when you get to have both of us?"

Melinda moved her hips so my limp cock slipped out of her. Then she turned so she was lying on her back. Leah and I curled up with her.

The three of us held each other tight for a long time. I absently traced the outline of Melinda's body with my fingertips. Leah played with her breasts. Melinda's hands roamed over us, exploring. Playing.

"What time is it?" I finally asked.

Leah turned to look at the clock on the nightstand next to her. "8:30."

"You slept through your walk," I squeezed Melinda's round breast.

She smiled contentedly. "I think I still managed to get a good workout. I am going to get up in a minute and make some coffee."

"Did you hear Katie and Carl come in last night?" Leah asked.

We both shook our heads. 

"Me, neither. I don't suppose either of you left the door open last night."

Melinda looked puzzled. Then I remembered that the door was slightly cracked yesterday in the morning, too. I'm sure Melinda would have closed it when she came back to watch Leah and I in the shower.

"You don't think they're watching us?" Leah asked.

Then I remembered the conversation I had with Katie in the Magic Kingdom. "I think one of them may be watching you two."

I quickly recounted my discussion with Katie to my two lovers.

"Did he say anything to you two while you were on the ride?"

Leah shook her head. "He didn't say much at all. He's very nice, but quiet. He kept staring at our chests, though."

"I stare at your chests." 

Melinda pinched me.

"Should we try and bust them?" Melinda asked mischievously.

"Oh, hell, yeah!" Leah got her own wicked smile.

We spent the next few minutes formulating a plan. For the record, it was all the girls's idea.

Finally, the three of us got out of bed. Melinda went in to make some coffee. I rounded up our clothes and did my best to keep the cleaning crew from thinking we were complete freaks. Leah lay in bed for a few more minutes then went into the shower.

I hung a set of Disney bathrobes just outside the door and joined Leah under the warm water. We smelled like sex, both from the night before and from that morning. 

She lovingly caressed me and I held her. 

"Did you enjoy the show this morning?" she asked.

"Yes," I smiled. "You two are very hot together."

"You'd think any two girls are hot together." She slapped at me playfully.

"I mean it."

"Well, Melinda is a real pro, unlike some of the other girls I've been with."

"Just how many girls have you been with?" All this was new to me, which was surprising since Leah and I talked fairly frequently. She had never mentioned any girl-girl encounters. Neither had Melinda, and we had been seeing each other off and on for the better part of three years.

"A few. Not many, though. My dorm is overrun with LUGs."

"What's a LUG?"

Leah laughed. "That would be 'lesbian until graduation'. Mostly they're girls who are in that 'experimental' phase. Either they just want a walk on the lesbo side or they don't want to put up with bullshit from guys. After graduation, they go back to strictly hetero sex."

"So do you like guys or girls better?"

"Down boy!" Leah smacked at my rising cock, which only made it harder. "Oh, I like guys plenty, but there are just some things girls do better."

The door to the shower opened. Melinda stepped in and quickly got under the second shower head. "What are you guys talking about?"

"I was explaining to your boyfriend what a LUG is," Leah said. I noticed how she slipped that in there. I'm sure Melinda did, too.

I blushed. Melinda smiled. 

"Care to tell me about the girls you've had?" I asked Melinda.

"Maybe later," she kissed me on the cheek, then squeezed my cock. "We might need a story or two to keep him interested later."

The three of us washed each other off. There was a little foreplay, but mostly a lot of playful touching.

I remembered a conversation Melinda and I had not long after we met. The two of us had gone one night for some late night bowling. We ended up at a Denny's at 3 am and were talking. I had met her parents for the first time earlier in the week.

Her dad retired from the Navy a Senior Chief and was the kind of guy who didn't put up with a lot of shit. I expected him to bust my balls when I came to pick up his daughter. Believe me, if Melinda were my daughter, the first thing any young suitor would see when he pulled up was me stripping and cleaning a sniper rifle and engraving his name on a bullet.

He was surprisingly nice, as was her mother. They asked a lot of the usual questions, but nothing intrusive and when we left, I breathed a huge sigh of relief. When we were at Denny's that morning, I asked Melinda about why they were so nice to me. We had known each other only a few weeks at that point and she said something like, "They're just happy I didn't turn out to be a lesbian."

I thought she was just being flippant, but it was all making sense now. I made a mental note to ask her about that later.

The three of us finished a long, luxurious shower. We were prunes by then, but it felt so good to wash and rinse and massage each other. There was nothing erotic going on, but it was very satisfying and relaxing.

After a final kiss from each of the girls, I stepped out into the cold air of the condo, got everyone a towel and wrapped myself up in a robe. 

Melinda and I went to the kitchen for our morning beverage while Leah was getting dressed. I'm not a coffee drinker, so I went for a bottle of Pepsi while Melinda poured herself a cup o' joe with cream and sugar.

Along with my soda, I got into the doughnuts. Melinda had a cereal bar and we were trying to find something on the TV that wasn't a Disney cartoon or Disney movie. We sat close together, our hips touching

Katie and Carl came out of the other bedroom. They were also in Disney bathrobes. Katie plopped down on the couch next to me. Carl poured himself a cup of coffee for himself and his girlfriend. He sat down in the arm chair and began flipping through the morning paper.

"What time did you guys get in last night?" I asked Katie.

"We only stayed for an hour or so after you guys left. Some guy kept hitting on me and I was afraid Carl was going to get into a fight with the guy and his three friends."

"What time did you guys get up this morning?" 

"About half an hour ago. When are we leaving?"

"As soon as we get changed," I replied. "Are you guys hungry or do you want to get something later?"

"Let's get something in EPCOT," Melinda said. "There is so much food there, it's insane."

Leah came out of the bedroom, got a cereal bar and a bottle of soda while the rest of us went to find some clothes.

I had pulled on a shirt and was zipping up my shorts when Melinda came up behind me and pressed her breasts against me. I turned and pulled her close. She was wearing a skirt and a tight blouse that hugged her in just the right places. The top three buttons were undone, showing off a generous amount of cleavage.

Her hand went down between us and my cock sprang to life.

We kissed as she rubbed my erection through my shorts.

"I was so horny all day yesterday. After you had me in the morning, your cum was in me all day," she whispered in my ear. She waved at Leah who was standing in the door. Leah shut the door, not all the way, but enough to make it look like it had been closed but had somehow slipped open. "I want you to put a load of cum inside her and let her think about you all day."

Melinda gave us each a quick kiss, then pushed Leah down on the bed. She was lying on her stomach with her feet on the floor and her ass sticking out. Melinda lifted Leah's skirt and pulled her panties down.

I dropped my shorts and waddled over behind my lover. 

Melinda had a finger inside Leah—just to make sure she was wet enough, of course—then guided my cock to the entrance of the waiting pussy. She pulled her finger out and stuck it in my mouth.

I sucked my lover's juice off the finger and plunged my cock into her. Leah let out a muffled groan and I started pounding.

"That's it, baby," Melinda said, pulling Leah's ass cheeks apart so I could go as deep as possible on every thrust. "Fuck her . . . fuck her good . . . give her that cock . . ."

It may just be a guy thing, but I love to hear a woman talking dirty. It turns me on to no end.

"Fuck that pussy . . . cum all over her . . ."

I put one hand on Leah's ass and the other in the middle of her back. With every thrust for my hips, I pulled her towards me. When I pulled back, I pushed her away.

"Give it to her . . . she needs your cum inside her, don't you, baby . . ."

Leah's pussy made a glorious sucking sound with every stroke.

"Don't worry if she cums or not . . . shoot it inside her . . . "

Melinda may not have cared if Leah had on orgasm or not, but Leah was well on her way. She made soft grunting noises as I pistoned in and out of her. She buried her face in a pillow to keep from screaming.

Leah's head shot up when Melinda took the finger that had been in my mouth and stuck it between her open ass cheeks. Her body tensed before she started to buck back against me.

Melinda and I worked Leah from behind, my cock in her pussy, Melinda's finger in her butt up to the first knuckle.

"Holy fucking shit!" Leah exclaimed, delirious with pleasure. "Fuck me . . . fuck me . . . yes!"

I pushed against her one final time and my cock started to twitch. 

"Cum in her . . . give that pussy your cum," Melinda coaxed me on.

With a few more soft strokes, I left a good dose of sperm inside my dark-haired lover. Just for good measure, Melinda used her free hand to milk my cock of anything left in my balls, her one finger still in Leah's ass.

When I was sure there was no more semen left for me to give, I pulled back. My cock popped out of the wet pussy.

Melinda quickly pulled Leah's panties up so that our juices didn't spill out and run down her legs. While she was on her knees, she took my limp cock in her mouth, licking it clean.

Then she turned and went to the bathroom while I pulled my boxers and shorts up. 

Leah lifted herself up off the bed, turned and planted a big kiss on my lips. 

We both sighed and held each other for a moment. Then Melinda came out of the bathroom, drying her hands on a towel and joined our embrace.

"Were they watching then?" I whispered.

"I think they're watching right now. The door's open a little more than it was when we started," Melinda giggled. "I'll bet they heard Leah making a little noise and came to see what was going on."

"I was fine until someone decided to surprise me." Leah gave her a friendly smack on the backside.

"We didn't hear any complaining."

"Give a girl some warning next time."

I gave each of them a kiss.

"Be considerate of our audience," I said with a mischievous smile.

Leaving the two girls, I headed off towards the bathroom, ostensibly to relieve myself, but I also got a quick glance of the door, which was open by a couple of inches. I couldn't see anyone directly, but it looked like there were some shadows on the wall that might have come from someone standing there. 

It also occurred to me that if I couldn't see them, they couldn't see me and that there was a blind spot along the wall to the bathroom. I filed that away for future reference.

When I got back from the bathroom, Leah and Melinda were leaning up against the bed and still going at it.

"Hey, break it up, you two," I said, patting each across the fanny. "We've got lots of stuff to see over at EPCOT."

The three of us moved around the room, looking for things like the backpack, our camera, sunscreen and the other things we might need in the park. In reality, we were giving anyone who may have still been watching enough time to move away from the door and appear to be doing anything other than watching us have sex.
