 Editor's note: Thanks to all for their comments and suggestions. I've incorporated them into the story.

Mdiver

During the walk back to the resort from the restaurant Julie was uncharacteristically quiet. I knew she was mulling this over in her mind and I wanted her to work through it. I would leave the decision up to her and I didn't want to talk her into anything. After a few blocks she stopped and said she the invitation to an orgy was very exciting. She was turned on by the sex chat with Cathy and then the scene Carl described of how the hot tub became the start of a three couple orgy was very erotic. We chatted for some time about how we liked to fantasize about having sex with another person or even a couple but six is a whole new subject plus it isn't a fantasy; it's for real. One thing that appealed to her was watching others fuck and being watched as she put on her show. I had to agree that I found that compelling too.

We walked by the pool and it was interesting to note how many of the young women there were sunbathing topless. A very nice display of tits I must say. There was another wet tee shirt contest going on but Julie had other plans.

When we arrived at the room Julie peeled off her dress and as I had suspected had no underwear. She held me tight and said, "All this sex talk has made me horny, would you eat my pussy and bring me off a few times sweetheart?" Who am I to refuse a request like that?

I picked her up and laid her across the bed. I kissed up her legs and circled her labia; her pussy was so wet and inviting. I slid my tongue up and down her wet lips then buried it deep in her cunt. She moaned and pulled me in tighter. I used my nose to rub her clit and my tongue to fuck her cunt. It didn't take long before I felt her body tremble as her orgasm rolled through her like a wave. I continued my action bringing her off several times until she begged me to stop so she could catch her breath.

I kissed her and told her I love her as she nestled in my arms. Suddenly she said "I need to call Cathy." 

She phoned Cathy to tell her we would be there and plan on us using the spare bedroom. She was excited that we were coming and had told the others about meeting us and the ensuing conversation at the restaurant. They too were looking forward us joining them.

Once in the shower I carefully washed Julie from head to toe with particular care given to her pussy. All that fun gave me an erection which Julie too advantage of by giving my shaft and balls a shave. "I can't have Cathy and the others thinking I don't take care of my man," she said with a devilish look.

Julie chose a dress similar to what she wore to lunch except it was a light blue and this time I was certain she had nothing on underneath. I wore a polo shirt and shorts. We were excited about the new adventure we were entering but still a bit apprehensive. We liked Cathy and Carl so we rationalized that we would like their friends too. Being invited to an orgy is something you read about in a story or see in a movie but we never thought it would happen to us for real.

We packed an overnight case, grabbed a cab and headed over. Since the other players in this happy group all live in the same condo there isn't any reason to be fashionably late so we arrived a few minutes after five. Cathy greeted us wearing a tee shirt and skirt. Pretty obvious she wasn't wearing a bra and I suspected no panties either. Thinking about finding out for sure brought a smile to my face.

We were ushered into the main room or living room where the others were assembled. It is a large open area with a nice size kitchen to the side and a dining area next to the kitchen. I could see the large hot tub where all of this got started through the large glass doors at the other end of the room. Assembled around the dining table were the others. "Ron and Julie I want you to meet Bill and Shirley, Mike and Linda, and of course you know Carl. Just to help you out you will notice that the four you don't know are wearing nametags courtesy of Shirley, one of our resident engineers."

If first impressions are to be good ones then we knew we had not made a mistake in coming. They were around the same age as Cathy and Carl, nice looking couples and certainly had bodies you wouldn't mind seeing naked. I guess tee shirts and skirts sans bras was the dress code for the women and the guys had the same country club polo shirts and matching shorts. Shirley looked to be about the same size as my wife while Linda was a few inches taller. Both had nice figures and I would say that Shirley was a C cup and Linda a B cup. I was anxious to prove my observation.

"We are pleased to be here and thank you for the invitation," Julie said.

"We have plenty of food here and if I recall Julie you enjoy a martini and Ron you like whisky sours," Carl said then promptly handed us our drinks. 

As we grazed around the food table we talked about jobs and vacations and such. Everyone was very friendly and engaging. We chatted a bit about our backgrounds including where we attended college. There appeared to be a nice bit of rivalry among the group when it came to the sports teams that represented our schools. As the evening progressed with food and alcohol I could feel everyone getting more relaxed. There were more "incidents" of someone's breast brushed across my arms and upper thighs being touched. Now and then I would glance over to Julie and she was doing a nice job of doing the same to the other men. I did my own share of subtly touching several breasts and sliding my hand across a back side too. The more I did the more was returned. No doubt the dance had begun and no one wanted it to stop.

Cathy must have been watching the progress of the group dynamics and sensing that there was no resistance among the group, tapped on her wine glass to get everyone's attention. "Now that we have had some time to get acquainted with Ron and Julie, I thought maybe you would like to hear of some of the things they have been doing with the college kids at the resort where they are staying."

I had been keeping a watch on the number of martinis Julie had consumed so I knew she would be let's say very descriptive of the goings on at our resort so I deferred to her. She was more than happy to be in the center of attention and after a good sip from her second martini she began her narrative.

"There are lots of bodies," she began. "I would estimate a couple of hundred and you would find them either around the pool, or the stage, or at the beach. Management has pretty much taken a hands off approach and for the most part everyone has behaved pretty well. Of course many kids get drunk but they aren't malicious or destructive; maybe a little loud now and then. 

As I told Cathy and Carl earlier today, the stage is where some real fun occurs. They tend to do various drinking contest, which Ron and I aren't in to, but they have several events every day dealing with clothing or more accurately the lack of. I love showing my titties and pussy when I can and Ron has a lovely cock so we enjoyed participating when we can. Every day there is a wet tee shirt contest and it is great fun to watch and I also enjoyed being a contestant. I haven't won anything but it is so exciting to tease and flash all those guys. One competition where Ron came in second was the "Mr. Resort" event.

That was an event for couples where the guy was to do push-ups with his girl on his back. Most of the guys couldn't do more than ten and Ron did twenty nine. The guy who won looked like a muscle man and I doubt if his girl weighed more than a hundred pounds so he did more push-ups."

"Tell them about the thong contest," Cathy remarked.

"That was the most fun of all. We were given a thong to wear that was not very wide so we all showed a lot of pussy."

"Bald was beautiful," I interjected.

"We paraded around on stage topless wearing only that small thong. Boy did the crowd go crazy over that. When we went back stage our guys were already naked and we handed them that little thong to put on. Actually try to put on would be more accurate. After seeing us dressed like we were on stage the guys were all sporting a nice erection so when they put on that little thong it was like wearing nothing at all. There wasn't any way you were going to cover a hard dick and balls. Some of the guys could hardly get into the thong so that added more to the fun and the guy who won was too large for his so he just hung in over his cock."

"It took a lot of balls to do that contest," I added. That brought a nice round of laughter.

"Ron got a nice bottle of tequila from the staff."

"And what did you give him?" asked Cathy.

"My loving affection and a nice blow job."

I kept my eyes on the three women and was happy to see their hard nipples showing under their tee shirts. Soon I hope I will be able to lick and suck them and enjoy feeling them give me a blow job.

"I told Julie during lunch that it would have been to fun to watch them and even participate," Cathy stated. "As she was describing it again I had the thought that we could do it here. I'm sure we all have some sexy thong undies we could put on for our husbands to enjoy and then give it to them to wear for us. What do you say?"

Everyone was in agreement so the girls headed to the bedrooms and the guys took the couch. Cathy told Julie she had one she could wear and the two headed off together. The staging area would be the kitchen to dress or maybe more accurate to undress and walk out to their eager audience. The girls rushed into the kitchen and we could hear them laughing and giggling as they put on their "costume."

I practically had an instant hard on when our four lovely ladies walked out and stood in front of us.

They were topless and except for the color, all the thongs were identical. Each was lacy and sheer that revealed a lot of pussy. There wasn't much material to the thongs and what there was barely covered their labia lips. Linda's was red; Shirley's was black while Julie and Cathy both wore white. They pranced around wiggling their tits and butts in our faces. As each girl bounced their lovely tits in my face I made it a point to kiss every nipple. They weren't in any hurry to move away and I used that opportunity to get a mouthful too. After I had licked and kissed every nipple the girls removed their thong and handed it to their respective husband.

Our lovely and now naked ladies took our place on the couch and sent us merrily out to the kitchen to get into those thongs. The four of us really struggled to get into those little things and as revealing as they were on our wives it was like wearing a sting for us. We stretched the fabric to its limit just to get it around our waist. Our thongs were so tight we couldn't even use the waist band to hold our stiff cock so we could only let everything "hang" out. We gave each other high fives and headed out to wave our dicks in front of the girls.

The girls greeted us with lots of hoots and howls while we wiggled our dicks and butts in their faces. We would stand in front of one person and then shift over and wiggle in front of the next. I started my dance in front of Linda then Shirley, then Julie and then Cathy. As I wiggled my stiff cock in Cathy's face she reached out cupping my balls in her hand and guided my cock into her mouth. What a wonderful surprise and her hot and wet mouth was heaven. As soon as the other saw what Cathy had done they quickly followed suit. Not only was I thoroughly enjoying Cathy's tongue action on my cock, I was watching Julie lick and suck on Carl. Shirley's head was bobbing up and down on Mike's cock and Linda was taking Bill's cock nice and deep.

Carl was the first to take Julie from the couch to another place in the room. Soon the others followed and paired off too. Since Cathy and I had the large couch to ourselves she lay down and pulled my cock toward her pussy. I rubbed the head up and down her wet slit and slowly inserted it into her cunt. Her love hole was hot and wet and I began a long and slow pumping action going deeper and deeper. I was so turned on I thought I would cum way too soon so I focused on licking her nipples and keeping my rhythm slow. I could feel Cathy's muscles grip and release my cock with my thrusting and soon her breathing quicken and I knew she was getting near. I gripped her nipples harder with my lips and pushed as deep into her cunt as I could and I felt her whole body tremble as her orgasm flowed through her. 

I stopped to let her catch her breath and I pulled out and had her get on her knees on the couch so I could take her from behind. She quickly complied and guided my cum wet cock into her eager cunt. I glanced around to see what the others were doing and I saw that Julie was on her back on the table and Carl was standing, pumping her hard and fast. I held Cathy by her hips and slowly rocked her so my cock would go out and then all the way into her cunt. I could feel her muscles tighten once again as I would do my long slow withdrawal. She cupped my balls with her hand giving them a nice finger massage. I put my thumb on her rose hole and she let out a moaned and gripped my balls even tighter. As I increased my speed she matched my tempo by slamming into me harder to drive my cock deeper into her hot cunt. She moved her hand to her clit and was rubbing it hard and fast and I knew we both were close to cumming. 

"Oh baby, I'm going to fill your cunt," I groaned.

"Oh yes, I'm cummmmmmmming too," she gasped.

I felt her shutter and it was all I needed to pump my hot cum into her. She tightened her muscles and held my cock tight while we both caught our breath. 

When she had recovered she collapsed onto the couch and took my wet cock into her mouth. She licked it clean and milked it dry. "Welcome to our group," she said with a grin.

We looked around the room and saw the other couples enjoying the afterglow of a good fuck. Cathy suggested we adjourn to the hot tub for a bit of recovery before we do round two. 

"I take it that this is the famous hot tub where this all began," I said to Cathy. 

"Yes it is and since then there has been a lot of good fucking and sucking done in it. We have a rule too that no clothes are allowed in the tub."

Shortly after we got into the tub the others, sans clothing, joined Cathy and me. What an erotic sight. I was getting a rise from my dick just watching the girls climb in. 

"Down boy; easy does it," Cathy said as she laid her hand on my growing member. "There will be plenty of opportunity for you to use that delicious cock of yours later."

Julie and I shared with the group that we had never done anything like this before but how much fun it was. The others confided that it had always been a private fantasy that suddenly came true and how much they enjoyed it too. 

Linda said, "We all like to fuck and this allowed more of it and it feels so exciting too. We discovered it has enhanced our marriage which is why we continue to do this." 

"Plus we get to enjoy fucking and sucking two hard dicks at the same time," Shirley added. "Or for that matter I am able to lick say Linda's pussy while her husband fucks me. Gosh, I'm feeling a tingle in my pussy just thinking about it."

Mike gave his wife a squeeze and said, "We'll be very happy to take care of that very soon if you like."

"I'm ready when you are Mike." And with that, Mike escorted Linda and Shirley back into the living room.

"Julie and Ron that is an example of the fun we enjoy. The girls are pretty adventurous and when we guys can't get it up anymore we like to use our mouth and fingers and toys until the girls are ready to call it a night." 

"I think Shirley had a wonderful idea. It would be my first if I could eat your pussy Cathy and since I've not gotten to enjoy Bill yet, he could fuck me."

"I don't need to be asked twice," exclaimed Bill. And the three headed back into the living room.

"Well Ron, what do you think?" asked Carl.

"I think this is great and I know that Julie and I want to time our vacations with the group. I also know that Julie would love and audience so let's go in and enjoy the show."

"Linda will enjoy your attention on her tits and eager for your cock after Shirley eats her pussy."

"Let's not keep our ladies waiting."