 This is my first submission for Literotica. I certainly hope you like it, and unless there is a loud public outcry for me to stop, I'll be posting one or two more parts to the story. Feel free to send me comments.

You have to love Spring break, especially in Daytona Beach. Young, strapping college studs and hot, scantily clad college sluts all flock to the area by the truckload. It's not socially acceptable to say it, but everyone knows they're all looking to get drunk and fuck. Some of them might be looking for romance, but most of them aren't looking to make love. They want a night of physical sex, with no emotional attachment. It's like the spawning of the salmon. They come hundreds of miles to find an attractive mate. Spring break is mating season for college students.

We happened to be in town for the event, even though we haven't been in college in two years. "We" means my slut Vanessa and myself. "Happened to be in town" means we've been planning this for a year and a half. Vanessa was looking for some fresh meat, and I was going to make sure she got it. It was a present for her. After all, she was such a good slut.

On the day in question, we wandered into one of the many lazy seafood restaurants in the area. I was dressed up in my usual outfit; a purple, silk, button down shirt that hid my slightly pudgy stomach and emphasized my shoulders, black slacks, and nice shoes. Vanessa was wearing a black, velvet bodysuit that left her shoulders and arms bare. She also had her rich, brown leather boots that laced up to her knees. I told her not to wear anything under that, because I knew the feeling of that soft velvet on her thighs would drive her crazy.

Let me describe Vanessa a little more. She's five foot four, curvy as hell, with smoldering dark eyes that could consume a man. Her dark brown hair, so dark it's almost black, falls down past her firm ass to her firmer thighs. The bodysuit she's wearing does little to hide the generous swell of her impressive breasts, baring a nearly indecent amount of cleavage. Next to me and my conservative dress, she looks like a wanton hooker.

When we walked into the restaurant (really more like a cozy diner), I knew we'd come to the right place. The building was nearly deserted. Only an older couple sat at the counter, while the lone employee was a bored-looking young man, probably college age and probably wishing he was anywhere else. I glanced over to Vanessa, who was eyeing the well-toned counter jockey with barely disguised hunger. Good girl.

We took a seat at the bar as far from the older couple as we could. The jockey came over, and I glanced at his nametag: Mark. Vanessa went into full flirt mode, smiling, biting her lip, and shooting him veiled looks. We ordered a light meal, and I watched Mark stare at Vanessa's tits. She noticed, too, and made sure to lean forward to give him a better look. I was starting to get hard just watching her flirt so shamelessly with this stud.

He left to get our food, and Vanessa reached over, putting her hand on my crotch under the counter. I leaned over to her and whispered into her ear:

"Come to the men's room in a minute."

I got up and stepped into the bathroom. Perfect. It was a one-person number with a toilet and a urinal. More importantly, it had a lock, which I left unfastened. I quickly emptied my bladder and washed my rigid cock just as the door opened and Vanessa walked in. My fly was open, and my cock stood straight out. Her eyes went to it, and her lips parted ever so slightly. Her breath started to come a little faster, and she locked the door.

I grabbed Vanessa by the hair and pulled her close, my lips closing against hers hungrily. Her hands slid between us, grabbing my cock as a muffled whimper escaped into my mouth. I forced my tongue between her lips, pushing it as far into her throat as I could. My hips pressed my prick into her hands. She bit my tongue gently, and I pulled away.

My hand tightened in her hair and hauled her head roughly back, almost pulling her off her feet. Her eyes widened, and she grabbed my shoulders for support. I bit at her throat, and she whimpered, her eyes closing. Using just her hair, I forced her down to her knees in front of me. With one hand, I held her head still, while the other stroked my cock over her neck, her cheeks, her lips. She purred and nuzzled at my member, worshipping on her knees at my feet. I adored her. I pressed the head to her lips and forced its length into her mouth.

Vanessa loves sucking cock. She's also damned good at it. I pushed half my seven inches into her mouth, felt her tongue starting to bathe it. Soon, her saliva covered my cock, dribbled from the corner of her mouth, dripped down her chin and her neck into her cleavage. My hips thrust myself deeper and deeper, accompanied by wet slurping sounds, until I hit the back of her throat. She only gagged once. I set up a hard, fast rhythm of strokes, in and out, faster and harder every time. I was really reaming her mouth, my balls slapping against her chin hard enough to send tiny sprays of spittle in all directions. My slut took it all every time.

Her hands lifted to my chest, as mine tangled in her hair, pulling her harder and faster onto my cock. I felt like I was fucking her tonsils. Her nails scraped over my nipples through the thin silk of my shirt, and I felt them harden. She grabbed them and twisted, hard. 

I looked down, sweat starting to slide down my face, and I looked into her eyes as she looked up at me. She was so beautiful, so vulnerable, so eager to please. She was utterly and totally in my power. She knew how to make me wild. She knew her act very well. It made me want to violate that innocence, and so I did. Tightening her hair until it must have hurt, I pulled her all the way onto my cock, parked the head in the opening of her throat. Her eyes clenched shut, and she tried to draw breath past my prick, but I didn't let her. I held her for long moments, while her nails clawed at my nipples, until I finally pulled out of her mouth and let her gasp in a long, ragged breath.

"More." She was an animal.

I thrust my cock back into her mouth, over and over again. Surely, the counter jockey was wondering what was taking so long, and maybe he was getting an idea. I felt my cum boiling up my length, and I pulled out of her mouth. She opened her lips, and I began to come, spewing jet after jet of hot, sticky semen all over her face. She didn't close her eyes or flinch away, and I loved her for it. I left strings of cum across her nose and forehead, dripping down her cheeks and lips, one glob even falling perfectly between her heavy breasts. She remained on her knees, licking her lips, fingers smearing my seed all over her face, like she wanted to bathe in it. She looked like a goddess.

While I gasped and trembled, she sucked the last drops out of my cock, cleaning me with her tongue. I put myself away and leaned down, kissing her salty lips.

"Clean yourself up, hon. There's more and better on the way." I washed my hands and splashed some water on my face and left her to enjoy the promise of what was yet to come.

When I got back to the counter, the older couple was gone. It was just Mark and me. Perfect. I waved him over and leaned in close.

"Mark, right?"

"Yeah..."

"I'm James. My girlfriend is Vanessa."

"Nice to meet you."

"She's a fine-looking woman, isn't she?"

Mark shrugged. "I guess so." He was blushing. He needed to get over that shit in a hurry.

"It's okay, Mark. I saw you looking at her tits."

He really blushed and looked uncomfortable. "Man, I'm sorry..."

"Hey, I'm not upset. I know she's hot. That's why I make her dress like that. I want guys to drool over her. It makes me feel good, knowing other people out there want what I have, what I get to have every night."

"Seriously?" He blinked. "Wait... you make her dress like that? Make her?"

"Yup."

"Man, if I tried to make my girlfriend do anything, she'd kick my ass."

"Not Vanessa. She's my bitch, literally. She'd do anything I tell her to. For example, she just blew me in the bathroom."

His head jerked up. I just looked smug. "No way."

"Absolutely. And if I tell her to, she'll do it again, right here."

"You're the luckiest son of a bitch ever."

I just smiled. There was a pause in the conversation as I let him think about what kind of perks a woman like Vanessa had to offer. Then I dropped the bomb.

"Want to fuck her?"

His eyes got wide. "What?"

"You heard me."

"You have got to be joking."

That was the usual response. "I'm not joking, Mark. She'll do anything I tell her to do. If I tell her to, she'll fuck you until she passes out. She'll fuck you in any way you want for as long as you want."

"Why? I mean, why would you do that?"

"Because she likes to fuck, and she wants to fuck you already."

 "I don't know."

"What's not to know?"

"Well, for starters, I've got a girlfriend who would be really pissed if she found out."

"She sounds like a real shrew. Is she worth it?"

Mark didn't answer.

"Does she put out?"

Mark didn't answer.

"Look, I understand your reluctance. A guy you don't know comes in and offers to let you screw his girl, and that's unusual. However, it sounds like you could use the lay. It's Spring break, and your girlfriend doesn't sound like she's likely to handle your problem."

He looked over my shoulder, and I turned to see Vanessa walking up. I smiled and slid my arm around her waist. 

"Vanessa... would you like to fuck Mark, here?"

She gave him one of her hottest looks, the kind that practically begged him to take her right there. "Yes, sir."

"Well, Mark?"

He still looked uncertain. I stood up and walked behind Vanessa. I unclasped the strap running behind her neck and rolled her bodysuit down to her waist. Her magnificent breasts spilled out, and she bit her lip. She never broke eye contact with Mark as I cupped her tits from behind her.

"Last chance, Mark. Lock up the store. I'm getting pretty horny just thinking about fucking her, and I've almost convinced myself to handle the situation. If you don't, I will."

That was all he needed. He turned off all the lights except the ones over the counter, turned the "open" sign to "closed," and locked the door. I continued stroking Vanessa's breasts, pinching and twisting her nipples while she squirmed and moaned in my arms. Her hands slid behind her, stroking my cock through my slacks. I was starting to get hard again.

"What are you, Vanessa?"

"Your slut, sir." She sounded kind of breathless.

"What does my slut want?"

"Your cock, sir."

"Too bad." I stepped away from her, smiling as she whimpered in disappointment. "Mark has a cock, though." I slapped her ass, hard, and she squealed. "Go get it."

She stepped forward, practically lunging into Mark's arms. She pressed herself against him. I took a seat to watch the show. She had her lips on his in an instant, her hands fumbling with his belt and zipper. He was still shy, putting his hands on her arms and nowhere else. She'd help him get over that.

She slipped her hand into his pants, and he yelped. I grinned. She pulled his cock out of his jeans, looked down, and gasped. The boy was hung like a horse. His dick must have been eight inches long and half as wide as her wrist. He wasn't even fully hard yet! I leaned back. Vanessa was going to enjoy this.

She slipped to her knees again. Man, she loves sucking cock. She started licking Mark's member all over, getting it good and slick, until it was rock hard and glistening. It was twelve inches, and thick enough to make me wince. No wonder his girlfriend wasn't interested in letting him fuck her. It'd take a woman like Vanessa to really manage him. Opening her mouth as wide as she could, she started to take him in.

I knew she couldn't possibly take all of him, but she was sure going to try. He looked like he was trying to slide slowly in, but my slut doesn't want it slow. She likes it hard and fast. Her hands lifted and grabbed his ass, pulling her into her face. She stopped and coughed around his massive prick at something like six inches. She looked determined. She swallowed a couple of times, milking his head, and his eyes rolled back. He put his hands on her head to steady himself.

Her head started bobbing up and down along his length, never getting further than six or seven inches. It was always a sudden stop, too, like she was trying to brute force him down her throat. Her jaw must have been aching. Occasionally, she would slide off and tongue his balls, trying to catch her breath, but she always went right back to trying to take all of him. I was hard again from watching, and I adjusted myself in my slacks.

As she brought Mark closer, he started to get into it more and more. His hands weren't steadying him anymore so much as pulling her onto his cock. His hips started moving to meet her, thrusting himself into the back of her throat harder and harder. She started gagging, but when he tried to pull back, she dug her nails into his ass and held him still until she was ready for him to thrust again.

I watched Mark violently fucking Vanessa's throat, watched her eyes clench shut, her body tense and buck a little every time he closed off her windpipe. It looked like he was really hurting her, but she made no move to stop him. He started pumping harder still, and her entire head jerked back with every thrust.

His mouth opened, and he let out a groan. I watched in amazement as he slammed her throat one last time, and another inch suddenly disappeared into her mouth. The head of his cock had slipped into her throat. I could see the bulge in her neck. Her eyes went wide as his body jerked and twitched, pouring cum directly down her throat. He just kept holding her, pumping his seed into her stomach, until her eyes rolled back and she started to shake. Then, she fell off his cock with an audible pop, coughing up mouthfuls of cum. Still, he kept coming, pouring load after load of sticky semen all over her face, on her breasts and shoulders, and in her hair.

Eventually, he fell back against the counter, panting like he'd run twenty miles. Vanessa was sucking in deep breaths through strings of cum, lapping hungrily at what dripped into her mouth, glorying in the feel of semen on her skin. Her breasts glistened, globs dripping off her nipples onto the floor. I grinned.

"There's plenty more where that came from."