 When Rachel had arrived in Paris, she had never imagined she would end up here. But here she was, in a strange woman's house waiting for her first threesome. Jason looked down at her and smiled. She smiled back, albeit a little tentatively. She had met Jason in the train station and had gone home with him the first night she was here. She couldn't imagine ever doing that back home. This trip though was so she could get away from who she was. She was here to experiment, to do things she had never done before. And she had certainly never done this before. 

"So where do we go from here?" Rachel asked.

"The bedroom is upstairs."

"Lead on, then." Rachel said, looking around. This place was beautiful. She didn't know what kind of friends Jason had, but this one was obviously rich. The entry way was lavishly furnished. The chandelier probably cost more than Rachel's entire house back home. 

She followed Jason up the long curving staircase. She didn't mind following Jason anywhere, if only because it gave her a view of his lovely ass. He clearly took care of himself, and Rachel had been lucky enough to experience his good shape firsthand last week. Jason was over six feet tall, which worked well for Rachel as she was tall herself. His dark hair was a little long, and fell easily over his bright blue eyes. He had caught her eye when he walked past her in the airport. She normally didn't do much about these things, just shoot these guys a small smile and go back to her reading. Jason was the one who had approached her.

"You are too beautiful to look so sad." He had said.

"Wow. Was that your best line? I hope not." She had said, but she was smiling. It was hard not to, looking into those eyes. 

"I didn't want to be too forward. I thought you would be put off by what was actually going through my head." 

Rachel's mouth went slightly dry, but then something else clicked. "You're American!"

"Indeed I am. As are you."

Rachel put her best offended face on. "I most certainly am not. I'm Canadian, thank you very much, and I'd appreciate it if you didn't tarnish our spotless travel reputation by calling me an American." She hoped he would pick up on the fact she wasn't actually mad.

He did. "My mistake, I'm so terribly sorry. It won't happen again."

They both laughed, but Rachel caught something in the way he was looking at her. He was looking up and down her body unabashedly. She knew he was mentally undressing her. Something crazy flashed through her mind but she dismissed it quickly. She was here to be different, but a quickie with a stranger in the bathroom was a little too crazy for her. 

Jason was still staring, so she pushed her boobs out and stretched, giving him an eyeful. He swallowed, and she could see the beginning of an erection under his trousers. As quickly she had dismissed the idea, the image of held up against a wall and banged by this man in a bathroom stall popped back into her head. She felt her panties dampen with the thought. What the hell? She shook her head, trying to clear out the image. She was unsuccessful. 

She cleared her throat and said in a voice slightly higher than normal, "So what's a Yank like you doing here in Paris? Are you a tourist like me?"

His eyes snapped up from her rather sizable breasts. "Uh, no, I'm a...I work as...I'm a systems analyst." He finally managed to get out. "My company sends me all over the world to detect problems in computer systems and I'm on a yearlong assignment for a major corporation here in Paris. I got here two months ago."

"Wow. That sounds really impressive. It also sounds like it could be bullshit and you're totally unemployed."

Jason laughed. His laugh was loud and booming, and when he threw his head back she could see every one of his perfect white teeth. "Trust me, when you see my apartment you'll realize that I'm most definitely earning money."

Rachel raised an eyebrow. "When I see your apartment? Presumptuous much?"

"Am I? I assumed you would like to go there first instead of me taking you right here in the train station."

"It sounds like you're no longer worried about me being put off." Rachel had said with a smirk, but her mouth had gone completely dry at the look on Jason's face. He moved closer to her, so that she could feel his hard dick on her leg. Based on what she was feeling, she would not be disappointed by an interlude with him.  

"I want you. You are so damn hot. I want to bend you over and ram my hard dick into your pussy and hear you scream."

With that, he placed his hand on her crotch and rubbed. She stepped back a little at the intimacy of the touch, but she couldn't deny she wanted him too. However, two could play at that game. She stepped back toward him and ran her hand up his thigh and let it rest on his dick, which was straining at his zipper. She screwed up her courage and made her decision. The intensity of her wanting was so extreme; she didn't care if she didn't even know his name. She wanted him to bend her over, too.

"Well then, why don't we find somewhere more private where you can fuck me?"

His jaw set, and he grabbed her hand as he strode off in the opposite direction. Rachel thought about what she had just done as she was being towed along behind him. She vaguely wondered where they were heading. It didn't matter. Her panties were sopping wet at just the thought of him, burying his face in her pussy, then fucking her with that dick she had felt. She didn't think she had ever been this horny.

Jason pushed open the door to the men's room. He didn't even bother to look around to see if there was anyone else in before he pulled Rachel in and kissed her. Rachel had never been kissed like this before. She wasn't a novice by any means, but Jason put every ounce of the want he was feeling too into that kiss. The force of it slammed her into the door of the nearest stall. Jason pushed her into it and closed the door behind them. 

He moved the straps of the sundress she was wearing to the side, letting the top fall slightly. Rachel moved her arms out of them entirely, and it fell to her waist. Jason pinched her nipple over the thin lace of her bra, and she moaned quietly. 

"Your tits look amazing in that bra," he whispered in her ear as he continued to fondle one breast. However, he was using the other hand to undo it, and it fell to the floor. "They look even more amazing without it."

Rachel thought she was beyond speech at the moment. She certainly couldn't think of anything witty to say, so she reached down and undid his belt. She pulled it off and used it to bring Jason closer to kiss her again. He reached up with his hand under her skirt. He pushed her panties to one side and slowly put a finger inside of her. She undid his pants and wrenched them down. Putting one hand down his boxers, she finally felt what she had seen hinted at earlier. She was right. It most definitely wouldn't disappoint. 

She dropped down, sitting on the closed toilet. Slowly at first, she started to take him into her mouth. There was a lot there, so she took her time. With every thrust, she took a little more into her mouth. Her fingers found his balls and she began to play with them. She could hear the ragged breathing coming from above her. She knew he was having a hard time being quiet, but she felt the need to torment him a little. She started to use her teeth a little, causing just enough pain to send him around the bend. Sure enough, she started to gasp and gripped her head a little tighter. She could feel his leg muscles tensing with the strain. She slipped a finger up behind his balls and pushed gently. He swelled in her mouth and abruptly pulled out.

"Oh, I have no plans on coming yet. You will pay for that."

With that, he dropped to his knees in front of her. He pushed the bottom of her dress up to her waist. A fleeting thought ran through her brain: she was so glad she had waxed in preparation for the trip. Jason leaned in close and breathed hot breaths on her very wet pussy. Just the sensation of the hot air followed by the cooling off was almost enough the drive her over the edge. He pushed her panties aside again and licked her swollen clit using small delicate strokes of his tongue. 

"I love a woman who's totally bare down here. It gives me the most wonderful view of her cunt."

"You're welcome. I aim to please." Rachel managed to squeak out. She was already using her arms as balance, raising her hips toward Jason's face. 

He smiled a smile that said he knew just how crazy he was making her. He lowered his face back down and started to suck on her clit. Every muscle in her body tensed. God, it felt good. He slipped two fingers into her snatch and started sliding them in and out. He then added another finger, then another. He just kept finger fucking her while he sucked on her clit, until she couldn't help herself. She cried out as she came, grabbing Jason's head between her legs. He resurfaced using his shirt to wipe his face and didn't miss a beat. He lifted her up and turned her around. She heard a slight click and turned her head to see what it was. Before she could get a view however, Jason had used his pocketknife to cut off Rachel's panties. He pulled the wet mass of lace away from her and dropped them on the floor. Bending her over, he pulled his cock out from his underwear and rammed it into her pussy.

She cried out again, not caring who heard. This was a busy train station; surely there were other people in the bathroom. It didn't matter. She had never felt this full before, as Jason's dick stretched her vagina almost to the breaking point. She looked to the left and was shocked to see a pair of eyes looking back at her. There were slats in the stall walls, and someone had managed to make a small space between two of them. That person was staring at her breasts that were bouncing every which way as Jason fucked her and didn't notice that she had seen him.

She made to stand up, but Jason pushed her back down again and said, "Not until I'm done. I want to fuck you until you can't walk properly."

Well, in for a dime, in for a dollar, she thought. She ran her hand down her stomach and began to rub her clit. She brought her hand back up to her mouth and looked directly into those eyes while she licked her finger. They widened, and then closed. He was obviously taking advantage of the show to take care of a little business of his own. When they reopened, Rachel was still looking right at them. She winked and bit her lip. She then threw her head back and said in the breathiest voice she could conjure, "Oh God, fuck me hard!" 

Jason complied, pushing every inch of his cock into her. She could feel his balls slapping against her clit and ground her hips against him. Waves of pleasure started to radiate up and she knew it wouldn't be long. She reached up and grabbed her breasts, pushing them together and pinching her nipples. She looked up again to look into those eyes as she came.

"Yes! Oh fuck yeah! I'm coming!" The eyes stared back as he watched her come then closed as the stranger reached his own end. Rachel could hear both men breathing, Jason's was steady and the stranger was uneven. She heard a quiet moan from the next stall and said to Jason, "Don't stop, keep going. I want you to make me come again."

Jason was still thrusting with abandon. He gave her a small slap on her ass. She gasped, and said, "Oh yeah baby. Spank me. Harder!"

He smacked her again, this time with some sauce on it. She felt that wave rise again in her. 

"Spank me again. Harder!"

He really gave her one, and she knew that was going to leave a mark. She reached down with her hand again, rubbing her clit as he fucked her harder and deeper than she had ever been fucked. She felt fire shoot through her body and she came hard on his dick, enjoying the feeling of extra tightness as her muscles contracted.

Jason was clearly enjoying it too. "Oh God, your pussy gets so tight when you come. It feels so amazing to be fucking that tight little pussy."

Rachel once again ground her hips into Jason's pelvis. "Come on baby. I want you to come inside of me. I want to feel that big dick swell in my cunt."

Jason shuddered, and Rachel got her wish. She felt his balls contract as he came in her, releasing everything he had. They were still for a moment, and then Rachel stood up. She leaned over and licked a small drop from Jason's dick, causing him to flinch slightly. They looked at each other for an awkward moment. 

Jason said, "So, are you still interested in seeing my apartment?"

"Hell yeah."

"I'm Jason, by the way."

She stared at him in a moment of amazement. She had just screwed a man whose name she didn't know. She recovered her senses and said, "Rachel. Nice to have met you."

She had gone home with him that night, and had been staying there for about two weeks now. They had had sex in almost every way imaginable, and Jason had a very active imagination. He had also been showing her around Paris, although most of the time it was just an excuse to have sex in some new outdoor location. She had been screwed at the Eiffel Tower, outside the Louvre, inside the Louvre, and in the gardens at Versailles among other places. Jason was very creative about avoiding things like cameras and security. So far, this had been the best trip of her life. 

A couple of days ago, Jason had brought up a new idea. They had just finished up another round in his apartment and were leaning up against the cupboards in his kitchen. Rachel didn't think it was very fair for Jason to ask her things after he had banged her; she was always in such a good mood she would do anything he wanted.

"So, I know you're here to try new things."

"Mmm-hmm."

"I had a thought."

"Mmm-hmm."

"What do you think about a threesome?

Rachel had actually lifted her head to look at Jason at this. "Are you serious?"

"It's just an idea; you don't have to if you don't want to."

Rachel was silent for a moment. "With another girl or another guy?"

"Girl."

"So you already have someone in mind?"

"I have a friend that really enjoys them. She says she digs eating another woman's pussy. She's always said that if I ever find a willing participant she would love to have one with me."

"And you've never found a willing participant? I would think most women would do whatever you asked them."

Jason smiled a little at the compliment and then brushed it off with a wave of his hand. "Well, that bathroom thing was actually a first for me. It had popped into my mind then that you were someone who might be up for something a little more adventurous, but I didn't want to ask you right away."

"That bathroom thing was a first for you? Really? You seemed to know exactly where you were going."

"Well, I had fantasized about it a lot. I knew what I wanted to do if I ever got a woman in there."

"Did I ever tell you that someone was watching us from the next stall?"

Jason lifted his head at that. "No! Seriously? Through the slats?"

"Yup. Well, we were making quite a bit of noise. Lots of people heard us; it's not really a shock someone wanted to see us."

"Yeah, but...why didn't you say anything? We could have moved somewhere else."

Rachel snorted. "At that moment? You could have pulled out and we could have gathered our clothing and moved. Right. Besides, it was kind of a turn on."

"Did he know you saw him?"

"Oh yeah. We kept eye contact through one of my orgasms, actually."

Jason sat up, forcing Rachel to do the same. He just looked at her for a minute or so, making Rachel think he was angry with her. Then he smiled. "My God, you are amazing. I'm getting a little turned on thinking about another guy watching you come, actually."

Rachel looked down. Sure enough, he was getting hard again. It really did not take him long to recover. 

"Oh he saw everything. He watched my boobs bounce as you fucked me, and he watched me rub my clit..." She moved her hand down there as she spoke. The poor thing was a little raw, never having had so much abuse, but it started to swell as she ran her fingers over it.

"He was jerking himself off as he watched me get taken from behind, as he watched your big hard dick spread my lips open and slide into my pussy."

Jason was fully hard again. Without another word, he lifted her up and plopped her ass down on the counter. "Oh God, you make me crazy. All I want to do is fuck you all day long. Just ravage your cunt with my dick until you cry out for mercy."

Before she could comment on his use of the word 'ravage', he stuffed his dick inside her again. She leaned back and moved her hips forward on the counter so she could take every inch of him inside her. She felt as though she could fuck him all day long too, until they were both exhausted and couldn't stand. She leaned forward and ran her fingernails down his back hard. He picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist. He carried her over to the nearest wall and shoved her into it. She loved how strong he was. 

She used his shoulders to move up and down on his dick, making him moan. "Louder baby. Tell me what you want."

"Oh God. I want to fuck you while someone watches. I want you to turn another man on with these beautiful tits, and he can stand there jacking off while you get fucked."

"Yeah, baby. Oh, God yeah!"

He pinned her against the wall with his strong body and started to rapidly move his dick in and out of her pussy. She could feel her orgasm rising already, just from the angle of his strong thrusts. She came hard, her juices running down her leg and all over his cock. He came right after. She never got tired of the feeling of his cock swelling inside of her while he unloaded. 

He put her down and she went to the bathroom for a quick clean-up before meeting him in the bedroom. They lay down on the bed together in silence for a while and eventually Rachel heard the rhythmic breathing that meant Jason was asleep. Rachel was lost in her own thoughts. Did she want to try this? She had already been much more reckless than she had planned. She had never been with a woman before. She didn't know if she even wanted to try it. She knew though that it all started with a decision. She was still wrestling with it when she drifted off.

When she woke up the next morning, she had made her decision. She looked over and Jason wasn't there. She threw a tank top on and followed the scent of bacon to the kitchen.

"You know, it really isn't wise to cook bacon while naked."

Jason looked up. "Morning, beautiful! I thought you deserved a good breakfast after our double round yesterday."

"Always so thoughtful. Thanks. You do look really hot in the buff though."

Rachel let her eyes rove over him as he stood there. Jason took really good care of himself and it showed. He was long and lean, but very well defined. Her favorite part of him was that tantalizing "V" that led down to his dick. It was like an arrow pointing her to where the best time was. 

He was looking her over too. He walked over and took her tank top off, leaving her there in her panties. "I still love to just look at you," he said. "Amazing."

Rachel had always been on the busty side. Her impressive tits were perched above a small waist and what she had always thought was an ample ass. When she was a teenager she had hated her figure. She was always told that she was lucky to have such an hourglass figure, but when she was younger she had envied the girls with small tits and asses. They probably didn't have the trouble finding clothes that fit. It was only as she got older that she realized that she really was lucky. Teenage boys liked the girls with no ass. Men preferred her curves.

She grabbed her tank top and put it back on. "Down, boy. My nether regions need a break. And you'll burn the bacon."
