 It was a warm spring day, almost summer really. Senior year was winding down. With the arrival of the warmer weather and the prospect of graduation in the near future, a new freedom bloomed within me. Since my relationship with Joe, I continued to broaden my sexual horizons. I was depressed, and didn't date anyone, but I loved my new sexual awareness. Rather than retreating to my old baggy clothes, I now wore the shorter, skimpier, and sexier clothing that I had used to attract my middle-aged professor. My roommates and other old friends noticed the difference, but didn't know what inspired it. 

Now, here I was at the student union, wearing only a pair of tight, short shorts and a bikini top that barely covered my nipples and did little to hide my mammoth breasts. I spotted three boys—now men, really—that I had known since freshman year sitting on the lawn in the sun. We had hung around a lot the first couple of years of college, but I had never dated any of them. They were roommates and quite a group: tall, handsome, all members of the water polo team and in outstanding shape from their daily workouts in the pool. I joined them, and their smiles told me I was welcome indeed. They noted my new attire, and with a nod and wink I told them I had turned a new corner in life.

Sitting on the grass in the quad, we chatted for about an hour, talking about our plans for after graduation (I had none), our fears of entering the "real" world, our early days at college. Even though I had not spent much time with these guys recently, we connected. I felt myself warming up. Starting to daydream a bit, I let the conversation go on without me. My mind wandered to sex and I soon realized I wanted to get laid, badly. Whether it was the sun and spring air, being surrounded by three gorgeous guys, I couldn't tell, but the desire was the same regardless of the cause. I began to think about my current compatriots. But who? Kevin was funny, the most outgoing of the bunch. Robert was dark skinned with a terrific smile. Roland was born in Sweden, and looked every bit the Viking. I liked them all and found them all equally attractive. It was then that a startling idea hit me. Why choose?

The guys soon noticed my dreaminess, and asked what I was thinking about. Grabbing the bull by the horns, so to speak, I startled even myself. "I was thinking about fucking all of you," I replied. Stunned, the guys paused for a minute. Kevin, more serious than I'd ever seen him, asked if I meant it. I rolled over to him very close, slipped my hand up his baggy shorts, and squeezed his cock. Sliding his underpants to one side, I stroked his dick a few times. Leaning over to my other side, but with my hand still in Kevin's shorts, I kissed Robert deeply and gave a simple answer, "yes." Jumping up, I suggested we go to their apartment. The conversation stopped, the guys were nervous, as was I. Part of me pulled back, wondering what I had just gotten myself into. What would people say if they found out? But my desire held out, and "shit," I thought, "I'll be graduating soon, what kind of reputation am I worried about?"

They lived close to campus, a short walk actually, not enough time for second thoughts. Their apartment was clean and neat—a shocking difference from my apartment and messy roommates. As soon as we were inside the door, six hands reached for my body, releasing my breasts from my top, stripping my shorts and panties away. Immediately naked, I was, just as I had hoped, the center of attention. As I was kissing one guy, two mouths surrounded my nipples, eagerly sucking my sensitive flesh. Still standing in the entryway, I soon felt at least one and possibly two hands start to play with my snatch, fingers probing my opening, finding my clit, sliding inside me. So many sensations as my lips, tits, and cunt were occupied by so many active partners. 

"Get naked," I demanded, and the boys quickly complied with my request. Moving into the living room, I watched intently as they quickly shed their clothes. Only now did I become fully aware of their incredible bodies. Like many water polo players, they were in incredible shape. More important, they had beautiful pricks. No stallions among the lot, but some of the finest dicks I'd ever seen. Kevin's was short and stout; Robert's was impeccably sculpted, good length, beautifully veined with a ramrod head; Roland's was, well, magnificent. As the guys once again crowded around me, I dropped to my knees and inhaled their manhoods. Switching from one to another, I alternately sucked and caressed each of their hard pricks, savoring the differences in texture, shape, size and taste. It was incredibly erotic to know that I could have such a powerful affect on three such handsome men.

I decided to play a little game, "guess the prick." After slobbering all over their mighty erections, I got on all fours in the middle of their living room and told the guys to line up behind me in any order they chose. They should slide their dicks into my pussy and were allowed five strokes. After that, I would try to guess who was who. The first one filled me, the first since Joe. It felt great, but the five strokes were over too soon. Quietly, the guys exchanged places and another hard dick entered me. Wider than the first, and less distance on the stroke, I guessed this one was Kevin. Again, five strokes and then the rotation. The third cock entered me, moved back-and-forth, and then withdrew. 

"Kevin was number 2," I announced, "but 1 and 3 will have to repeat." This could be fun, I thought to myself. Disappointed, Kevin came around to play with my tits. I kissed him, sticking my tongue down his throat, and told him that he should be pleased that his extra-wide girth was so noticeable. Number 1 and 3 took turns again. This time, I didn't want them to stop. Number 1 tried to withdraw, but I followed him backwards and demanded more. He willingly complied. Roland started to complain about missing a turn, indicating that it was Robert who was fucking me so willingly. I was starting to get into it, and was really enjoying Robert's hard cock, but fair's fair, I thought.

"Who's got the biggest bed?" I asked, and then followed Roland down the hall to his room. "You win," I declared, and told him to lay down in the middle. No need for foreplay, I decided, as there were enough men in the room to keep me satisfied for quite a while. I straddled Roland and eased his erection into my cunt. It felt marvelous. I motioned for Kevin and Robert to join us. With Roland in my pussy, I took turns sucking on the others. It was hard getting a good motion going, too many distractions, too many hands, mouths, and bodies to please. Nonetheless, the sheer sensuality of it all soon overwhelmed me. Dropping the other two pricks, I concentrated on the magnificent one inside me. Up-and-down I moved, base-to-tip, over-and-over again. Kevin and Robert soon found ways to entertain themselves—and me. Kevin worked his way around and joined Roland in sucking on my tits. Robert moved around behind me. Scooping up the juices that were flowing from my cunt, he held his lubricated hand against my hole while kissing and fondling my ass as it moved up-and-down Roland's prick. Suddenly, and without much warning, Roland came, squirting his seed inside me. 

Rising higher myself, but not yet there, I quickly slipped off his still hard but soon to deflate prick and told Robert to fill me from behind. Kevin moved in front and I slurped his dick into my mouth. Rocking back-and-forth, I felt like I had one enormous dick in me, entering my cunt, slicing through my insides, and coming out my mouth. Robert rammed into me, stoking the fire. Roland recovered and crawled in underneath me and began to play with my clit. This pushed me over the edge. I came hard. Almost immediately after, Robert grunted and exploded in my cunt while Kevin announced that he was about to come as well. I took him as deeply as I could and swallowed as he shot off a huge load down my throat. Having two beautiful guys unload into me at the same time was incredibly erotic, but I wanted still more.

As Robert pulled out, Roland—still underneath—pulled me down and into his waiting mouth. Sucking up both his and Roberts cum, he licked my cunt and teased my clit with his talented tongue. I drew his dick into my mouth. As I grasped the base with my hand and sucked on his head, he quickly came back to life. I rolled over and motioned for him to take the top. Once again filled with prick, I put out my hands and grabbed the others, pulling them back into the action. 

As Roland pounded into my cunt, I played with the other's dicks. They, too, became hard quickly. Surrounded by three live erections, I asked Kevin to lay down. Pushing Roland away, I straddled Kevin, but told Robert to fill me again from behind. Once he was well lubricated by my overflowing cunt, I pulled away, impaled myself on Kevin, who's thick prick slipped right in, and asked Robert take me in the ass. With only a little effort, he slid in. I felt immeasurably full. Kevin, slightly thicker than the others, stretched my pussy lips wide. Robert filled my ass. I started move back-and-forth, taking command. I could feel the two cocks moving within my body, seemingly separated by only a thin internal wall. I was stuffed. 

Not wanting to be left out, Roland straddled Kevin's head and I took him into my mouth. Three pricks, and I felt like I was going to burst. I was on sensory overload. Without warning, I came suddenly. Spasming, jerking, flushing. With hardly a break in intensity, I was lifted again and thrown into the rocks. This time, as I came, Robert was pulled from my ass. Losing control, he came too, shooting onto my cheeks. I felt the warm goo slide down my backside, covering my flaming hole. 

Next, Roland shot off in my mouth. Considering that he had just cum a brief time ago, he pumped an incredible amount of cum into me. I swallowed, but a lot still overflowed, dripping onto Kevin's chest. Two down, one to go, I now focused my attention on Kevin, whose hard cock was still inside my cunt, urging me on, rubbing against my clit and demanding attention. Finally, Kevin arched his back and groaned, shooting a load that appeared to originate in his toes and creep through his body, leaving him shaking with passion. Seeing him convulse beneath me, feeling his cock swell and explode within me, sent me flying for the third time that afternoon. 

I collapsed on Kevin, putting my face down in the small puddle of Roland's cum on his chest. I was leaking from every orifice. Sweaty, exhausted, we rested in a heap on the cum-soaked bed.

As we recovered, I made once final request. Not knowing where the idea came from, I urged the three of them to stand around me. I reached up and grabbed their cocks, licked some, but asked the guys to masturbate over me. Three cocks quickly snapped back to attention. My hands, their hands, each other's hands were everywhere. Soon, one after another, they shot off, small blobs of cum arching through the air, landing on my face, chest and tits, stomach and snatch. Already dripping form every opening, I was now covered in cum. As the last of the guys moaned their last moan, I convulsed again, my hands rubbing my clit, my passion peaked by the scenery around me, and my senses overwhelmed by the sheer sensuality of the afternoon. Exhausted, the guys collapsed with me again. We all held one another and rested in the afterglow of the most intense sexual experience I had ever had. 

After a half hour or so, I reluctantly got up and asked to take a shower. Their cum had turned crusty and dried, pulling my sink taunt. They found a fresh towel and I stepped into the steaming shower. A little while later I walked home in the now cool evening air.