 Ariel laughed as she fell into the back seat of her waiting limousine. She had just finished yet another successful concert, and finally convinced one of her colleagues to join her for a little fun that night. Her flowing black skirt revealed more than a little thigh as she reclined across the seat, waiting for Tim to get in.

As he stepped into the limo Tim caught sight of Ariel's long, slender legs and decided to make his move while they were still high from their performance. He sat next to Ariel and leaned close, his hand grazing her inner thigh as the limo moved away. Tim caressed her legs, teasing, yet denying Ariel any sort of relief.

The first touch was like an electric jolt for Ariel. She was still buzzing from the concert, and not really caring that her colleague was feeling her up. Something should have screamed at her to stop it here, before it got awkward, but all she could think about were those musician's hands massaging her legs when she so desperately needed to come. How was not important.

They fooled around in the back seat for a little bit, doing everything but what they both really wanted. Tim spotted a familiar bar through the window and asked Ed, their driver, if they could stop here for a while. Both men knew this was a bar whose patrons had a tendency to start fucking at their tables, while those who were interested looked on from their own seats. Ed's shift finished in half an hour, and he decided to join them for a quick drink.

Ariel looked around as she walked into the bar. There were two older guys sharing a beer near the door. They looked like truckers, in their beer stained flannelette shirts. The windows were blacked out, although she couldn't figure out why. She sat at a table in the corner while Tim and Ed got the drinks. 

'This place should be packed on a night like this,' she thought. It seemed like a semi-decent place, and the music was good. Ariel tried not to move to the music while she was sitting on the stool, half fearing looking stupid, or attracting the trucker's attention. Tim came over with the drinks while Ed made a phone call. They each downed a shot of sambucca while they relived the highs of the concert. 

One drink quickly turned into four, and Ed, who by now had finished his shift, joined them in a round of tequila slammers. Ariel, who was feeling more than a little naughty, suggested the guys lick the salt from her breasts. She giggled during the first round, unaccustomed to the feel of one man's tongue on her breasts, let alone two. 

Ariel downed her drink as Tim licked her chest ready for the second, and moaned with pleasure as his tongue explored all of her cleavage. He lingered over her hard nipples, his tongue swirling and teasing in way Ariel did not know was possible. She found herself wondering what else he was so good at, when she was snapped back into reality by a shot being placed in her hand and a wedge of lemon between her breasts. Ariel could not believe she had worked with Tim all these years and not once thought about what else he might get up to. 

When they were ready for the final round of tequila Tim whispered into Ariel's ear. Her cheeks blushed a rosy red and she found herself standing up and leaning over the table, lifting her ass into the air as Tim slid his hand under her skirt. Ariel wondered if he would notice she wasn't wearing any underwear, while Tim slowly worked his tongue across both of her ass cheeks and salted the glistening trail he had left behind. His dick had become rock hard at the sight of her perfectly rounded ass sans underwear, and he turned his head to see Ed standing next to him watching.

Tim waited for the exact moment Ariel downed her shot to thrust his cock deep into her glistening pussy. He was hoping this would be met with desire rather than anger, since he had told her he only wanted to see her ass. Tim began moving his cock in and out as Ariel sucked on the lemon wedge in her mouth, muffling any cries that would tell him whether to keep going or stop and run. His cock went so deep that each thrust bounced the table and the glasses slid perilously close to the edge. He watched as Ariel let the lemon wedge fall out of her mouth, and heard what he had so wanted to hear, the gentle cries of delight that allowed him to do as he pleased.

Ariel did not know what to think when she felt that first, gloriously hard thrust. She did not know if she should stop it, since they were in a public place, but it felt so good her mind was incapable of reasoning. As she leant over the table she watched the glasses bouncing with each thrust, teetering so close to the edge they would surely fall, when the barman came over to clear them. Ariel was keenly aware of this stranger watching the whole event, yet for some reason she didn't care. It made her feel good to know that someone she didn't know was so appreciative. Tim was fucking her so hard now that Ariel did not think it was humanly possible for it to get any deeper or better than this. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth in little moans of joy, and felt something invade that space.

Ariel opened her eyes to see a cock working its way in and out of her mouth. From this angle she could not see who it was, and found herself not caring. Ariel was stunned as she realized this huge cock was in her throat and she hadn't felt any resistance at all. She started throat fucking this cock as best she could given it was larger than anything she had sucked before, secretly delighted that she could deep throat. Each time one cock pushed in, her body was forced against the other. They found a rhythm and Ariel reveled in how good it felt to have two cocks so deep inside her. She closed her eyes and suddenly felt both men pull out, leaving her feeling emptier than she had ever felt in her life.

She felt herself being pulled off the table and led to a sofa nearby. Tim lay on the sofa, his cock shiny with her pussy juices, and she obliged in tenderly licking his cock clean. When she was done she turned and found Ed behind her, stroking his hard cock. Ariel then realized this was the cock she had been sucking, and with a mischievous look she sat herself on his cock, slowly sliding it into her pussy. Tim pushed her forward and started licking her puckered rosebud. Ariel had never had a man do this to her before, and wondered if Tim's cock up her ass would be any better than her previous experiences. It felt so delightfully good that Ariel soon asked for Tim to fuck her ass, and he obliged by slowly pushing his long cock into her. He was soon all the way in, and began fucking her ass in earnest.

Ariel could not believe this was really happening. For so long she had dreamt about what it would be like to fuck two guys at the same time, but never had she imagined it would feel as good as it did now. Tim started fucking her ass so hard Ariel thought she would split in two. When he started slapping her ass she couldn't hold back any longer and her body began shuddering in orgasmic bliss. 

Tim suddenly withdrew, not wanting Ariel to come yet. He motioned to the barman for another round of drinks. When they were brought over Tim suggested Ariel give him a blowjob in lieu of payment. Ariel did not hear this comment, and Tim knew her mind was on the orgasm he had so cruelly denied her. The barman freed his bulging cock from his pants and waited for Tim's signal to join in.

Ariel screamed as Tim's cock plunged deep into her ass without warning. At that exact moment a cock forced its way into her mouth and for a second or two Ariel was unsure if she really wanted to keep going. Here she was with her driver's cock in her pussy, and at the same time she was being ass fucked by one of her friends with a strangers cock in her mouth. Her hesitation was brief as she realized she may never have the chance to do something like this again, and gave herself completely to the three men. She felt better than she ever had before, and the mere thought of being stuffed with three cocks was enough to bring her back to the edge of orgasm. Ariel tried to scream with delight as her body arched and shuddered, feeling her pussy being flooded with cum. She tried to scream as the cock in her mouth released its treasure deep into her throat. It stayed there for the briefest of moments before her mouth was finally free and she could scream as she felt rivers of cum surging into her ass. Ariel had never been one to stay quiet when it mattered, and at that moment she was oblivious to the many eyes in the room focused on her bliss. 

The trio gathered their belongings and were ushered through the back door. Ariel was already thinking about her next adventure as she stepped into the cool evening air.