 Spring Break at my college meant a trip to a Florida beach. My current boyfriend and several of his friends had organized a trip to one of the favorite beaches. I was invited along for what was to be a week of alcohol, sun, and sex. 

When we were all packed it was my boyfriend, Chris, and three of his friends in an SUV heading south. Chris had me dress in a tight tank top, no bra, short skirt and sexy underwear. I was a little confused by this since I wasn't expecting sex until we checked in. I have always enjoyed being a little slutty so I didn't complain too much. George and Billy were in the front seats, I was between Chris and Carter in the rear seat.

Shortly after we started Chris began giving me little kisses, hugs and quick gropes. I figured he was just showing off for his friends and did little to discourage him. After about an hour of this he pulled my skirt up and exposed my panties. I gave him a little smack on the hand and pouted for a few minutes. He quickly resumed his kisses and played that game for another 20 minutes. Then in the middle of a deeper kiss he raised my skirt again. This time I kept on kissing him and only weekly pushed his hand away. We kept this up for about an hour, him pulling up my skirt and me pushing it back down. I finally asked him if he just wanted me to take the thing off. He laughed and said "You didn't have the courage to ride to Florida in your panties". I could never resist a dare and this was no exception. I stood up, unzipped the skirt and let to fall to the floor.

All the guys were no grinning from ear to ear and I wondered if I knew what I was doing. One of the guys in the front seat had fired up a joint and it was quickly passed to me. I knew this was a mistake, my inhibitions didn't need to be any lower, but I took a hit and passed it on. It quickly made its way back to me and soon I had a very nice buzz. 

After a two or three joints had been burned Chris began kissing me again. This time his kisses and gropes were more serious. Soon my top had been pushed above my tits and my pussy rubbed through my panties. He soon dropped his head and began sucking my right nipple while he squeezed my left breast. I was about to get out of control and asked him to stop. He just looked up and said "have a little fun". I complained about the guys and he said they didn't care. At this point Carter reached over and raised my tank top over my head. I willingly raised my arms and let him take it off. He began kissing me and Chris pulled my panties off. 

Chris had turned me so that he could start licking my pussy and Carter was kissing me and squeezing my tits. A quick look showed that Billy was going to crash the SUV and kill us all and George was about to pass out with lust. My mind was reeling. I had never had sex with more than one person and had never had sex in front of other people. The sensation of having two guys at the same time was driving me crazy. I ground my pussy against Chris's mouth and begged Carter to squeeze my tits. Then Chris did something he had never done before. He lubed his finger in my pussy and began pressing against my ass. This pushed me over the edge. When his first knuckle passed my sphincter I started cumming. It was wave after wave as Chris kept sucking my clit and fingering my ass.

When I finally came down Chris had me turn over. He was on his knees behind me and was soon sliding his cock inside me. Carter had pushed his pants to the floor and was offering his hard cock to my mouth. I was about to have my first double penetration. Chris was taking his time fucking me slowly, giving me time to set up a rhythm with Carter. The sensation of having two cocks at the same time was unbelievable. In hardly any time I was starting to feel another orgasm building. Chris speeded up his pace and Carter began thrusting harder into my mouth. I was trying to swallow Carters cock with little success. Chris and Carter then found their rhythm; both were thrusting at the same time. My orgasm started right after Carters cock slide into my throat. I had done it, I was deepthroating him while I was cumming on Chris's cock. Then both guys starting cumming, Chris from my pussy contraction and Carter from my throat. I almost passed out from the intensity of my orgasm. 

I thought it was over then heard Billy telling Carter to get up front and drive. We had stopped at a rest area and Billy was standing with the door open waiting for Carter to get out. It seemed like the guys took their time changing around. They left the doors open for long time while I just lay on the back seat dripping semen from my pussy. I don't know how many people got a free look. I t didn't matter, soon we were on our way again. This time Billy and George were in the back seat with me. Billy started off fucking me missionary while George watched. He was good enough to bring me to another orgasm before he deposited his load inside me.

George had another idea. He turned me over and squirted baby oil on my ass. A few hours ago I would have been horrified at the thought, but now I raised my virgin ass up to meet him. It was a little painful and very short. George was too excited from watching all the previous activity and my ass was very tight. It took only 20 strokes before he was cumming in my ass.

The rest of the trip was a little calmer. Each guy was able to fuck me again and the trip seemed very short. When we checked in the hotel we all shared one room. I never left the room much. Each guy was able to use all three holes several times and I rested whenever I had the chance. It was the best spring break of my life.