 Until recently, I used to think of myself as a fairly typical, young, female professional. Twenty-five years old, out of school a few years, getting settled into my career. I had a nice apartment, steady income from a good job, a nice group of friends, and a long term relationship. 

John and I had a good relationship, at least that is what I thought. We enjoyed the same things - music, long talks, travel, sports, getting together with friends. Sex was good, reasonably frequent, but a bit routine. Then one day I came back a day early from visiting my family intending to surprise him, and let myself into his apartment only to find him plowing away at one of our friends doggie style while she begged him to fuck her harder.

They were too involved to see me standing in the doorway, so I calmly took a picture my phone and texted it out to our list of friends. And that was that.

That was five months ago. I managed to retain a couple friends out of the old group in addition to moving to a new position in the company that required travel a couple weeks a month.

Without anything else besides work to fill up my time, I began running and biking in addition to joining a gym. After the initial period of realizing how out of shape I was, I began to see good results. I'm 5'2" about 135 lbs with reddish hair. And yes, I can prove it. When I don't shave down below. I'm not real big up top, 32C, but I've had no complaints, and I am still firm. My build is more athletic than super curvy. My name is Kirsten, and these are my adventures.

The March following my break up, and four months into my new job and workout routine, I decided to take a vacation. I wasn't dating anyone, and I didn't know anyone well enough to ask to accompany me, so I went solo. I booked a very nice room at a good hotel at a beach in Florida not realizing it was spring break for many colleges in the region. When my taxi pulled up, the placed was rocking with hoards of young drunk college kids at the bar, at the pool, and laying out on the beach. While I was annoyed at first, the sight of young, half naked, in shape young men made me realize the possibilities the week might hold. 

I had splurged for a top of the line room on the 8th floor with a separate bedroom, huge shower, and a private balcony. I checked in, and headed up to my room. The room was perfect. I small kitchenette, a separate bedroom, and a huge walk in shower with a bench at one end and a handheld shower attachment. The room was ocean front, and the balcony was high enough and screened from the neighboring balconies so no one could see me if I did a little nude sunbathing. 

It was a beautiful day, so I dug out my new bathing suit, a black bikini that wasn't too skimpy, but made me look very, very sexy. I grabbed my sunscreen and a towel, and hit the beach. 

The pool area was way to crowded to even think about finding a spot, so I hit the beach. Managing to find a place between a group of drunk college women and a couple empty towels, I spread out my towel, rubbed on some sun screen, and lay down on my stomach to people watch.

Within a few minutes, a couple guys came wading out of the surf, heading my way. Not bad looking I thought, not real hot, but not bad overall. Probably going to chat up my neighbors. I was surprised when they sat down on the towels to my right. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed they were checking me out, so I decided it was a good time to roll over. I turned over onto my butt, propping myself up on my elbows.

It only took a smile, and the guys were chatting me up. Mark and Dan were Seniors at a college in the midwest, and they were down for one more spring break before ending their college careers. They sheepishly confessed that they were hoping to find some uninhibited girls for a little fun, but that it just wasn't happening. 

I had not had sex other than getting myself off since I left my boyfriend, and the dildo/right hand thing is not really quite the same. Ok, I was hot and horny. And if these guys were a little bit geeky, they were not bad looking. A little desperate, so maybe if my moves were rusty, it would be overlooked.

I told them it was nice to meet them, and I got up claiming the need to get out of the sun a bit. The look on their faces was priceless as they assumed another failure. I smiled again, "If you guys are interested in getting a drink, I just want to take a shower first."

Dan jumped in right away, "So where do you want to meet?"

"Well", I frowned as though really trying to think it through. "You guys could just come with me and wait in the room..."

This time, Mark chimed in "We probably need to hit our room first and shower off". Dan shot daggers at him as if to say - you fucking idiot!

Hardly being able to keep from laughing, and starting to get turned on thinking about where this might go, I just shrugged, "You could shower at my place. I have a nice room, and a huge shower." I smiled my best seductive smile, and brushed a strand of loose hair back behind my ear, "You could have a party in it."

They jumped up, gathering up their towels without another word, and we headed back to the hotel. The elevator ride was a little awkward as they were not real sure what to say, but I tried to keep the small talk going.

Once we got to my room, I dropped my towel on the sofa, and headed to the refrigerator for drinks. I could practicality feel their eyes on my ass as I bent over to get beers from the lower shelf. I turned and smiled at them over my shoulder as I stood up, and walked over to them with the drinks. The guys popped the caps, and gulped at the beer as I headed to the bedroom.

As they watched, I undid the top of my bikini and let it fall to the floor. 

"Aren't you guys coming to get showered up?" I asked playfully.

Mark and Dan fell all over each other as they followed me into the bedroom. I stopped and held up my hand.

"Wait guys." I started, then laughed as I saw the crestfallen looks on their faces. I set down my beer and peeled my bikini bottom over my hips, "No problems! Just no sandy bathing suits in the bedroom".

I stood naked before them as they hesitated, looking like they didn't know what they should do. Them Mark dropped his suit showing a fairly nice rock hard cock. Dan blushed, and then slid off his suit. It was my turn to stare speechless at his massive cock. My knees were wobbly as I managed to stammer, "You guys ready for a shower?"

I was in the shower first, letting the warm water cascade over my head and naked body. I closed my eyes tilting my head back to let the water hit my face as the guys joined me. I left out a soft moan when I felt their hard cocks pressing against me, Mark in the front, and Dan behind me. Hands swept up my hips and caressed my tits, pinching my stiff nipples. Dan was kissing my neck, and Mark leaned forward to kiss me on the lips. I felt fingers working their way between my legs, into my drenched pussy.

The feeling was incredible with the warm water cascading over me along with the soapy hands rubbing my body. I shivering involuntarily as they explored every inch of my quivering flesh. The soap ran off my skin, and I dropped to my knees, looking up at Mark as I licked his beautiful cock. I could feel Dans cock rubbing against my neck, and I reached back, taking him in my hand, slowly stroking his dick as I opened my mouth and took Mark's cock in my mouth. 

Mark gripped my head in his hands, pressing slowly, but steadily, into my mouth, trying to stroke in deeper with every stroke. I tried to relax, fighting back a slight gag as he worked in and out of my willing mouth. He gradually picked up some speed, and, as he starting pumping in and out of my mouth, I could tell he was on the verge of cumming. He let out a frustrated moan as I pulled back letting his cock slip out from between my lips, Smiling, I told him to sit on the bench at the end of the shower stall. 

Once he was sitting, I got on my hands and knees, and resumed my oral attack on his cock. Dan had been standing behind me watching, but I was very horny, and I was dying for him to join the action. I looked back at him, "Don't you want to fuck me Dan?"

I felt his hands on my ass as I resumed licking and sucking on the cock in front of me. Dan's fingers were exploring my pussy, and I moaned as I felt two fingers sink deep inside. He pumped two, then three fingers into me, getting my pussy ready for his huge cock. Just when I was about to beg, I felt the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. I moaned again as he slowly pressed into me. I could feel my pussy stretching to accommodate his thickness; however, I was getting somewhat inpatient as they need to get really fucked kept building.

I stroked Mark's dick, turning around to look at Dan, "Fuck me...please..." Dan's hands gripped my hips as he slammed into me in one hard, deep thrust causing me to scream around the cock I had again buried in my mouth. He withdrew slowly, and I quivered as I readied myself for another thrust. Mark's cock swelled, and I anticipated him spewing a full load into my mouth just as Dan slammed into me again.

My mouth gaped open as I gasped at the assault on my pussy which enabled Mark to plunge in deeper. He let loose a loud groan as he shot his cum into the back of my mouth. I struggled to swallow, and to keep myself from gagging as Mark held my head tight against his crotch while he shot a major load into my mouth followed by a couple smaller loads. Finally he let my head go, his cock slipping out of my mouth. Cum dripped down my chin as was washed away by the water from the shower. I collapsed into his lap resting my head on his thighs as Dan kept slamming into me from behind. 

I was so close to cuming when Dan suddenly pulled out. 

"...nooo..." I just moaned in frustration, and looked back at Dan. "God...don't stop now...fuck me...please fuck me...", I begged. 

Dan laughed and pulled me to my feet. He pulled me out of the shower with Mark trailing behind. He gently pushed me back on the bed, and he placed my legs over his shoulders leaving my pussy exposed. He grinned as he placed the tip of his cock in position, and slammed it deep into my pussy. I arched my back and screamed as he hit bottom, and I whimpered as he slowly withdrew and thrust back in. Mark was watching, massaging my tits and pinching my rock hard nipples. I could feel my orgasm starting to build as I bucked my hips trying to get Dan to fuck me faster. He kept up a slow steady pace, frustrating my efforts to be really roughly fucked. Mark was hard again, and he rubbed his cock on my face and over my lips. Between my gasps and moans, he shoved his cock back into my mouth.

When I thought I could not take any more, Dan picked up the pace, and my orgasm finally built up reaching the point of no return. It crashed over as I thrashed and thrust my pelvis up to receive Dan's cock. I was gripping Dan's ass as I whimpered and groaned around Marks cock still fucking my mouth. I shuddered, and moaned as a second orgasm washed over me followed my ripples of smaller ones. Dan was still fucking me as the second orgasm subsided. After a few more strokes, he pulled out again saying he wanted to cum in my mouth.

Mark was more than eager to fuck me, and he pulled out of my mouth, and took a seat in a chair across from the bed. He beckoned me over to him. I took the few steps on wobbly legs, and he turned me around to face the room. Mark pulled me into his lap, and I grabbed his cock and placed it at the entrance to my well fucked pussy. I let out a loud moan as my pussy was once again filled with a hot, thick cock. I leaned back against his chest, as Mark reached around and started to slowly rub my clit. I could feel another orgasm starting to build as I started a slow grind on his cock. Needing to get off, Dan walked over to us stroking his cock. He grabbed a handful of my hair, and roughly pushed his cock into my willing mouth.

I eagerly sucked him as deep into my mouth as I could while Mark slowly fucked me. I could tell Dan was not going to last long based on the moans and groans he was making so I redoubled my efforts. Within a couple minutes, he held my head tight with both hands, and he shot his first massive load into my mouth. I desperately tried to take it all in my mouth, but it was just too much, and his cum dripped out of the side of my mouth. He pulled out leaving my gasping as a second and third load sprayed my tits.

Mark's fingers stroking my clit made me cum again. Without a cock in my mouth, I screamed as I slammed my pussy onto his cock while I rolled into the third and most intense orgasm of the day. As I started to cum, Mark began slamming into my pussy with an increased urgency. I felt his cock swell, and he came seconds later filling my pussy with his cum. 

I collapsed against his chest, worn out and limp. We were drained, our breath ragged. When I thought I could breathe normally again, I got up, turned around, and gave Mark a long seductive kiss.

"Thanks guys...that was incredible..." I smiled weakly, still feeling somewhat wobbly on my feet.

We finished our beers, and they got dressed and left. I cleaned up, and hit the balcony for some nude sun time, daydreaming about the start of my new life.