 Christina, Chuck and Jeff had been friends since elementary school. Now in college, they thought nothing of sharing an apartment. Others didn't see it that way, though, with Chuck and Jeff frequently asked by other guys if they shared Christina too. 

"She's just a roommate and childhood friend," Chuck and Jeff would tell them, smiling.

A week before spring break the three decided to throw a small spring farewell party since most of their friends took off for Florida's popular beaches. Their college seemed more like a happy dream than a school so, naturally, the three roommates decided to stay on campus during spring break. 

The college was only a couple of miles from the ocean and a few blocks from the town business district. With a short walk, the students could head for the beach, shop in small exotic shops, or dine in fine restaurants, not just fast food joints.

A couple days before the party, Christina and Chuck spent time cleaning up their modest two-bedroom apartment. On the ground floor with it's own balcony, access to the complex's swimming pool and, with Jeff working on the decorations, they knew the party would be a hit.

"This is going to be fun," Christina said to Chuck excitedly as they unpacked the rest of the food. "Oh Jeff, wow!" was all Christina could say as she brought the beautiful burning Chinese lanterns to the balcony where two long folding tables were covered in flowered tablecloths. 

"Yeah, I had a few friends from art class help with the ice sculptures and fruit bowls," Jeff said as he smiled at Christina. "You look lovely as ever, too," he said as he took in the short, dark blue silk dress she was wearing.    

“You both look great,” Christina said to Chuck and Jeff as she eyed their tall, freshly washed denim and T-shirt clad bodies. Peeling her gaze away slowly she said, "Well, we should get the food going before everyone arrives.

Chuck and Jeff tended the grill while Christina put finishing touches on the party, slipping some CD's into the stereo, setting out the salads and trays. As the party got into full swing the three roommates were able to join in, making their rounds, eating some great food and joining conversations. As it got later and later some people were lounging on the balcony talking lazily as they sipped on their drinks, went out for some pool fun, or played in some of the games Christina, Chuck, and Jeff had for the party.  

Out in the pool a game of volleyball, guys against girls, started.

“Come on, girls, you can hit the ball harder than that,” Jeff yelled over the net.

“Maybe, if you get over here and let us climb on your shoulders,” brunette Terri said as she winked at the guys.

Many mishaps later – Sandy’s bikini top coming undone, Ray’s shorts coming off while jumping too high and Mark missing the ball and the net entirely and falling into the girls – they decided to call it a tie.

After they had made their way back in and dried off there was an outburst of laughter and comments as everyone watched Christina and a couple of her girlfriends having fun with the ice sculpture of “David.”

“Hey, Kristen you look like a natural sucker,” Chuck said as he winked at her.

“Anyone for some licker,” Jeff laughed as he watched Christina and Marie, both giggling, give David’s icy cock a long lick.

“How about a game of truth or dare?” Dan, from their psychology class, asked.

“Sure!” everyone responded. Starting off Jeff gave the bottle a spin. Jeff laughed when it stopped in front of Chuck.

“Truth or dare, old buddy,” Jeff asked Chuck.

“Definitely truth,” Chuck said as he let out a laugh.   

“Ok,” Jeff said as he glanced around the room. “Alright I got one for you, is it true you’ve dialed the phone number of Jessica -- ‘Hot pants’ -- from art class?”

“Argh, ya got me,” Chuck said as he blushed a little. All the girls laughed at this and began to ask Chuck and the rest of the guys if they had ever dialed their numbers. 

Halfway through the game, after they’d enjoyed Kristen’s dare for Rob to kiss her, Dan dared Christina to dance with him.

Chuck and Jeff, who were watching Christina’s dare overheard some guys saying, "I'd like to be that dress she's wearing. It hugs all the right curves," said one.

"Damn, I bet she's not even wearing panties," said another.

Chuck and Jeff both glanced at each other. Both felt a jolt of jealousy as they watched their Christina engaged in a slow erotic dance. "A little too much to drink tonight?" Jeff inquired as he twirled Christina into his arms after cutting in.

"I haven't had that much to drink tonight, it was my dare!" Christina said as she gazed innocently into Jeff's blue eyes.  

"Looked like more than a dare," Chuck said to Christina as Jeff passed her off into his arms.

"Honestly you guys are acting like big, protective brothers," Christina purred as she stared up at Chuck. 

"Do I feel like a brother?" Chuck asked Christina as he snaked his hand down to the small of her back and pressed her body closer to the hard bulge in the front of his jeans.

"No!" Christina gasped as Chuck swirled her back into Jeff's waiting arms.  

"Yes, do we feel like brothers?" Jeff murmured in Christina's ear huskily as he slipped his hands along the silky fabric of her dress until he was cupping her firm ass and pressed his rock hard erection into the soft crevice between her thighs. The breath caught in her throat as she stepped back a bit and put some space between their bodies. The last thing she needed was for her two best friends and a room full of people to witness her weak side where these two were concerned. She had dated each of them briefly in high school, but they had agreed they liked being ‘just friends’ better.

“I think Kristen needs a dance now,” Christina whispered into Jeff’s ear.

So with the lights turned down low and soft music now drifting through the apartment. Couples engaged in the art form most like making love. Christina let out a gasp against Dan’s mouth as he leaned and gave her slow kiss before letting her go. She felt herself getting wet.

“Thanks for the dance,” Dan said as he smiled at her.

“Anytime, Dan,” Christina said huskily, meaning it.

Christina couldn’t help feeling a twinge of jealousy herself as she looked over and saw Chuck lean and whisper something in cute Marie’s ear as they slowly swayed to the music.  

It was the last dance. The party started to break up and the trio enjoyed the appreciation of their guests as they departed. 

"What got into you guys tonight?" Christina asked after everyone had gone.

"Nothing," Both guys murmured in unison, raising Christina's curiosity another notch. Suddenly a light entered her eyes as she walked sinuously across the room to them.

"You guys want some fun with your best friend don't you?" Christina teased.

"Bring it on, babe," Jeff dared her as he winked at Chuck. He didn't think she'd actually be brave enough to take them both on sexually and he knew her pretty well. Sure, she'd slept with each of them separately in high school and, being guys, Chuck and Jeff had compared notes. She was hot, they had decided, but missed that little something. So the dating stopped but, long ago, they had decided they'd test her limits and fuck her together sometime in the future.

The two thought tonight might finally be the time, and they were right, with Christina having had one drink more than usual – which meant two drinks. 

Christina smiled to herself. She wasn't drunk but she was confident in a way that she was sure would be gone in the morning. So it made her say, "You're on darling!" Jeff smiled at Chuck.

"It was your idea, guys, so no backing out at the sight of each other's cocks," She smiled at them with the hint of an evil grin. 

"Oh no, it'll be more of a turn-on to see our cock's buried in you together," Jeff grinned right back at her. Christina swallowed a bit at this. Admittedly she'd done some wild stuff in her time, but this this went way beyond anything she'd done. 

"Come on, let’s stop talking and start doing, my cock is beginning to ache," Chuck smiled as he led Christina toward her bedroom with Jeff following closely behind. 

The dance began again with each of them standing around her bed undressing slowly. Clothes gone, Christina, nude, climbed in the middle of the bed on her hands and knees. The sight of her beautiful tits begging to be sucked and her moist cunt, soft and glistening, spurred the guys into action. 

Jeff positioned himself behind her, running his hands along the smooth satin skin of her back and firm little ass. Teasing tormenting her as the rigid shaft of his arousal brushed and pressed ever so lightly against the crack of her ass. Chuck slid underneath her body and was busying his tongue over her hard nipples sending sparks straight to her pussy. His hand moved along her belly to tease her lips apart and rub teasingly at her clit. 

"Mmm, God," She moaned as she pressed her ass hard against Jeff's erection pressed between her cheeks. "Ooh, now!" She hissed as Chuck’s fingers teased and tormented her pulsing clit. "Oh, yeah!" she screamed as Jeff rubbed the head of his cock along her slit. Chuck's fingers on her clit was driving her to the edge. As she lay on Chuck’s body she grasped his cock and heard him groan as she slid his cock deep in her mouth and began to suck wildly as Jeff pushed his cock into her pussy.

She kept tonguing the tip of Chuck’s cock and sucking until he was fucking his cock into her mouth. Precum was streaming into her mouth, forcing her to swallow and suck harder. Deep in her pussy, Jeff's cock began to swell as he pumped in and out. Each time he went in deeper he picked up speed until his balls were slapping against her swollen cunt. Jeff’s movement behind Christina was pushing her mouth further and further down Chuck’s thick swollen member. 

Chuck could feel her moaning and humming as she sucked him harder and harder. His cock swelled even more and he passed the point of no return so he pressed his fingers at her clit and rubbed furiously. Suddenly her body bucked hard between them as her orgasm hit. Jeff grabbed her ass roughly and ground his cock in as he sprayed his cum up in her pulsing pussy. Chuck's cock exploded in her mouth, cum leaking out the sides of her lips as she swallowed. 

All three of them collapsed. She slid her mouth off Chuck's cock and rested her head on him. Then she felt Jeff's cock slip out of her as he collapsed resting his head on her back.

Being young, their interest and strength came back quickly. Jeff put little butterfly kisses along Christina’s beautiful spine. Soon she felt Chuck kissing lightly along her inner thighs every so often licking at her pussy to taste her. Finally they all rolled on their backs, side by side, limbs entwined and hands stroking sensitive bodies.   

"Wow," Jeff breathed lightly, coming out of his near sleep.

"Mmm, yeah," Chuck and Christina murmured in unison. 

Chuck lifted up and rested on his elbow as he caressed Christina's body. Jeff leaned over and started to slowly kiss her, loving the taste of her mouth. She started squirming a little as Chuck's fingers found and began to rub and tease her peak-sensitive nipples. Still kissing Jeff, Christina lifted up and straddled Chuck's body pushing him back on the bed. Jeff pulled back as he watched her lift up slightly and take Chuck's hardening cock into her pussy.

"Oh God, yes," Chuck moaned as she pumped and fucked her pussy on his cock. Jeff now completely erect stood in front of Christina and shoved his cock into her mouth.

"Mmm. Yeah. Suck it, honey," he moaned as she sucked and bobbed her head on his cock. Chuck, underneath her, grabbed her ass and fucked his cock up into her pussy. Jeff could feel her moaning on his cock as her pussy rode up and down on Chuck. Chuck bounced her body faster, shoving Jeff’s cock deeper in her mouth, as he felt her body stiffen. He looked up and caught sight of Jeff's throbbing cock pulsing in her mouth as she swallowed his cum. Chuck’s cock jerked in her, spraying his hot seed deep, as he felt her pussy convulsing around him.

"That was hot," Chuck and Jeff groaned in unison. 

"God, yes," Christina agreed as they pulled their soaked cocks from her. 

"Another party next weekend?" Christina said as she yawned sleepily. 

“Mmm, yeah,” both guys murmured in unison as all three drifted off to sleep, with Christina’s body snuggled in between them.