 This is an erotic, short story about a St. Patrick's Day party at my best friend's house. She's a year younger then me, and Irish, so she loves to get drunk. I arrive at her house relatively early, but the party has already started. Her parent's are out, and so is her brother, so there's no fear of embarrassments. Of course, she's already drunk and welcomes me with a deep french kiss. She's never done that before. I'm surprised, but return it. When we separate she smiles, winks, and hands me a drink before introducing me to everyone.

Kelly was as beautiful as ever. She was wearing a top that was basically a large handkerchief, covering her breasts but nothing else, and a loose, but very tiny skirt, that would show everything if she bent at her knees even a little. When I smelled her perfume, I flashed back to university life. She had put blonde streaks through her brunette hair, adding to her natural beauty. Her brown eyes sparkled.

I didn't know anyone here, so I felt a bit awkward, but I soon relaxed after a few drinks and I started dancing on the floor and talking to some people. I also met a hot girl on the dance floor, and we start dancing wild style, my hands groping her ass and her tongue down my throat. After two hours though, her boyfriend shows up and I'm forgotten. Kelly saw this and says, "Don't feel to bad about her. She's not right for you. But I know who is."

"Yeah, who?" I asked.

She wraps her arms around my neck and looks me in the eyes. "Why, me of course."

I smile and kiss her, thinking that it's just her drinks talking. Our lips open and my tongue goes into her mouth. My hands move down to her tight, small ass, and down under her very short skirt. She was wearing silk panties, and my fingers went past those too.

"Why you bad boy." She whispers, biting my tongue. But she doesn't stop me. Her own hands move down under my pants. "You haven't seen my room yet, have you?"

"No, I don't think I have."

She takes me by my hand and leads me up to her room. It was pretty much what I expected: Medium sized, but with a big closet for all her clothes. But not big enough, because a lot of her clothes where piled and thrown around the floor. In fact, a pair of her red silk panties where hanging from her bedpost. But what really caught my eye was the 7" vibrator on her nightstand.

She closed the door behind us, but left it unlocked. Then she pushed me down onto her bed and unzipped my pants. "I've wanted to taste this ever since I saw it bulge in your pants when you came into my dorm room to get back your computer cable."

"So, you where awake. I thought I heard you gasp."

She just smiled and yanked my pants off. My dick was sticking up 7" and she slowly wrapped her lips around it in a loving kiss. As soon as she did this, it grew another three inches, surprising Kelly and causing her to gag a bit, but she just kept swallowing it. When she had the whole thing in her mouth, she started sucking and moving up and down, like it was a Popsicle.

I leaned back and enjoyed it, smiling whenever she would look up at me and wink. When she started using her tongue, I felt I would shoot my load right then, but she would relax and slow down, thus calming my raging volcano.

"I love feeling your hard cock sliding down my throat..."

Her hands started sliding up my hips to my muscular chest, so I slid my shirt off. The touch of her hands on my bare skin was intoxicating, and this time when I was ready to explode, she encouraged me. She started sucking like a Hoover, and when I shot my cum, she swallowed every drop, savouring it like it was vanilla sauce.

When I was finished, she slowly slid her mouth off my dick and licked her lips, cleaning off the rest of my cum.

"I hope you aren't done yet lover," she said to me, "Because I have a long night planned for you." I could swear she was completely sober.

She stood up and untied her handkerchief-top, letting it fall to the ground. Her breasts where like I pictured. Not to big that they hung, but bigger than the palms of my hands, and perfectly spherical. And best of all, 100% real. They were always one of her best features.

As I stared lovingly at her globes, she showed me another of her best features, as she slid out of her skirt. She was still wearing her silk panties, but they were tiny and barely covered her hairless pussy. In fact, because they were so wet, I could see through them. My dick, that wasn't limp but wasn't stiff either, shot back up to attention.

She climbed onto the bed beside me and pushed me off. "Get on your knees and stick your hot ass out in the air."

I wondered why she would want me in that position for a second, when I noticed the full-length mirror behind me. She was going to look at my asshole while I went down on her. Smiling hungrily, I put my hands between her legs and spread her thighs wide open. She still had her panties on, but only because she wanted them wetter. 

I pushed them aside as I stuck my tongue out, and teased her pussy lips. I blew air gently into her slot, slowly exciting her and making her clit pop out of its hiding place. Taking her clit between my teeth, I grew excited when I heard her squeal in pleasure. I sucked on the sensitive nub for a minute before hardening my tongue and sliding it home. She tasted of salty cum but also candies, and I realized she had sprayed some of her perfume down there.

With both hands holding her thighs apart, I ate hungrily of her dripping cunt, sucking up every drop of cum she spilled.

After about five minutes and two orgasms, I felt my dick harden like steel and pair of delicate lips caress it. I also heard Kelly gasping differently now. Pausing for a second, I looked up to see a naked girl squatting over Kelly's face. Looking further up, I see her smooth, shaved pussy, flat, well toned belly, and small pert tits and a head covered in short red hair. When I looked at the innocent, pixie-like face, I was surprised to see Cindy, another friend from school.

Then I feel two delicate hands groping my ass, and my dick is getting a powerful suck job, and I look down to see Robyn, yet another friend from school. She's lying on her back, underneath me. Her brunette hair was lying like a puddle beneath her head; her eyes twinkling and her dick filled mouth smiling up at me. She was also naked, and I could feel her medium tits shivering as her body shook.

"Don't stop Shawn," Kelly says to me from beneath Cindy's infant-like pussy.

I can't believe my luck as I dive back down. Both Cindy and Robyn where also girls I had crushes on at school. This was the best night of my life, and it had only just started.

Since both Kelly and Robyn had their mouths full, Cindy decided to answer (between gasps and groans) my unspoken questions.

"Kelly always has the best St. Patty's Day parties, and she told us that you'd be over, so we came over last night. OHHHHHH, YEAHHHHH!!!" she screamed as Kelly brought her to another orgasms. Kelly also came again when my tongue tickled her insides, and I was ready to come when I felt Robyn swallowing far enough to fit my balls in her mouth. But I managed to hold it, wanting to continue this longer.

Robyn gave a teasing frown at my control and said, "It was hard," and at this she ran her fingers over my dick, "Hiding from you during the party. Kelly wanted to keep us a surprise. She also wanted you to herself for a few minutes."

Robyn went back to sucking and I had to fight back my urge to splurge. I put all my free energy into Kelly's pussy, but I couldn't hold it much longer.

Cindy must have seen this on my face because she said; "I want my turn with him, so turn up the dial slut. Kelly's tongue is great, but I haven't had a piece of meat that big inside me in a long time."

Kelly felt a bit insulted at this and bit Cindy's clit, causing Cindy to shriek and push down a bit further, causing Kelly's nose to go up her ass.

"Yeahhhh mother fucker!" Kelly shouted.

"Hey, I only fucked my mother those three times!" Cindy said, and then winked at me.

That was all I could take as I exploded in Robyn's mouth. Like Kelly, Robyn sucked it all down, swallowing it hungrily.

And as I came, she shoved my face into Kelly's pussy, moaning and groaning. Kelly also had a huge orgasm at this and I swallowed it all myself. Her orgasms made her do the same thing to Cindy, who also came like a virgin, and Kelly swallowed everything. I also heard Robyn come, and noticed for the first time that she was fingering herself as she sucked me off. This made me shoot off a few more drops, which struck her face. Robyn giggled as she got up and leaned over the bed to Cindy, kissing her and letting the red head clean her face.

Kelly sat up on the bed and slid off her panties. They were just soaked, and sticky. Globs of cum ran over the crotch, spilling off and onto the bed sheets underneath.

She gave the panties a quick lick before passing it up to Robyn and Cindy, who also gave it a few swipes with their hot tongue, before Kelly passed it over to me.

"Here, one of the many presents your getting tonight." I took the panties and sniffed them, absorbing her musk, before giving it a lick myself. It had a different taste then her pussy. There where yellow stains from having worn them all day, and there was the distinct smell and taste of urine, but they were still as sweet as nectar. I didn't clean them off, leaving it to dry off so I could have fun with it later. Putting it down near my stuff, I went back to my lady friends.

Cindy was now lying down on the bed, her tits falling in on themselves, and her pussy shinning as she spread her legs wide open. She looked like an 18 year old virgin, though I knew she was around 22, 23, and far from being a virgin. But she was excited, like she had always wanted this.

"We drew straws earlier to see who'd be first to have you, and Cindy won." Kelly said as she stroked Cindy's pussy.

Robyn also leaned over Cindy, sucking on her tits.

This was incredible. I pulled Cindy closer to me, and traced her pussy with my fingers. She closed her eyes and purred.

My dick was hard as steel again, and had stretched to 10".

"I told you that he could last all night." Kelly said to her girl friends.

"We never doubted you," Robyn whispered.

"Or Shawn." Cindy said.

I couldn't help but be flattered.

"Enough talk," Kelly said, taking charge. "I want to see her tight hole filled now."

Not arguing, I bent down, passionately kissed Cindy's pussy for a few seconds (which sent her spinning), and then I took the head of my cock and brushed it over her pussy lips.

Cindy moaned and when I pushed in, she let out a gasp in both pain and pleasure. She was so tight. Her pussy clenched my cock as soon as it had penetrated.

"OHHH, Mannnn!!!" Cindy shouted. Kelly and Robyn had to hold her down. Kelly sucked on Cindy's nipples, while Robyn kissed her. They would break their kisses to let Cindy gasp, groan and call out, and then suck tongue again.

Kelly ran her tongue around one of Cindy's erect nipples, causing her to shudder in pleasure, which also caused her pussy to tighten on my dick

"Fuck Cindy, you are so good," I said. Cindy grinned and raised her hips in appreciation, causing my dick to go deeper in.

Robyn also used the moment to climb on top of Cindy, and lean forward to deepen their embrace. Robyn's breasts crushed down into Cindy's, much to Kelly's pleasure, as she licked and sucked their tits and nipples. Robyn also lifted her hips up towards me, exposing her tight brown holed ass, and shaved cunt. Her ass hole was wide open, showing that it received constant attention, and I couldn't resist leaning over and licking it. Robyn gasped out in pleasured surprise, and stuck her ass further into my face. I alternated between kissing her ass hole and licking her pussy, while my dick plunged further into Cindy as my hips pressed harder into hers.

Kelly popped her head out from between the tit crunch, and crawled over to my side. She ran her right hand over Robyn's smooth ass as she watched me rim shot her. "Wow, that brings back memories of residence life." She said, and I couldn't help but straighten up from surprise. Kelly used this moment to turn her head around Robyn's hips and kiss her ass hole, sticking her tongue deep inside.

"Holly fuck," I shouted, seeing this.

But Kelly wasn't finished yet. She turned to look at me, winked seductively at me, like she always does when she flirts, and licked two fingers. Then, with those fingers, she stuck them into Robyn's pussy, fingering her to multiple orgasms.

I was so hot, I kept pounding into Cindy, who had to break her kisses and cry out, "Oh God, oh God, yessss, fuck me Shawn, fuck me like that. YESSSSS!"

Robyn was also moaning out loud, but she wasn't getting the same action. Where as I was pounding hard, fast and deep, Kelly was teasing Robyn's pussy (and my dick) wither her small, delicate fingers. She would plunge them in, and give a bit of pumping action, but then take them out and suck the juices off.

I couldn't take anymore. Grabbing hold of Cindy's hips, I lift her off the bed, and just slam my cock as deep as it could go, almost hitting her womb, and explode inside her. Cindy starts shaking and convulsing like every muscle in her body was being hit by electricity. Robyn kneeled over her, enjoying the show, while Kelly grinned and ran her hands over Cindy's bare skin surrounding her cunt.

"Yeah Shawn, ride her like a pony." Kelly cried out.

My orgasm lasted over a minute, but Cindy had orgasm after orgasm that lasted long past mine, though I left my still stiff dick inside her. When Cindy finally stopped, I slowly pulled out, and fell down on the bed beside her. I wrapped my arm around Cindy and kissed her neck. Cindy turned over and started kissing my lips, sucking Robyn's cum off my face, while Kelly and Robyn cleaned off Cindy's cunt.

"Leave her cum on his dick," Robyn said when Kelly was about to clean off my dick. "I like the natural lubricants."

Cindy broke our kiss and grinned. "You'll love this," she says to me, kissing me one last time before moving over to make room for Robyn. Luckily Kelly has a huge bed, big enough to hold three people. Cindy didn't have the strength to get up yet, so Robyn squeezed in beside us, still on her hands and knees. Her ass was sticking out and she beckoned me with her eyes to get behind her.

"Give him a minute to get his energy back Robyn." Kelly said, as she ran her hands over the smooth ass. I appreciated the moment off, and I got a drink from her mini fridge. I stood by the fridge, butt naked and beer in hand, while Kelly planted small kisses on Robyn's ass cheeks. Cindy just stretched on the bed, spreading her legs and showing off her pussy, while also stretching her boobs. Her eyes would only leave mine as she ran her hands down her body, to rest between her legs. She curled up in pleasure as her fingers touched her still sensitive pussy and swollen clit.

I felt my energy just shoot back through my body, and almost ran back to the bed. Kelly laughed at my excitement, and used her fingers to spread open Robyn's cheeks. Her hole was still open, and my hard dick was pulled to it like a magnet.

"Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass before?" Kelly asked me? Robyn looked over her shoulders, waiting for my answer.

"Only once." I replied.

"Well, you can use a bit more lubrication, so I'll just slick it up a bit more." She stuck her fingers into her own pussy, pumping them a bit, getting her moist pussy dripping, and then pulling them out. Drops of cum fell off her fingers, but she quickly grabbed hold of my dick, still covered in Cindy's cum, and ran her hand up and down my shaft. She did it slowly, loving the feel, but not wanting to get me to excited. "Could use a bit more," she said after studying it closely. But instead of using her fingers again, she leaned forward and stuck my dick between her thighs. It didn't go into her pussy, but was rubbed against the lips. I was surprised by this, and so let her do her work. It felt almost as good as fucking her.

"Hurry up slut," Robyn said, "My ass is getting cold and lonely."

"But the view is great," Cindy chirped in.

"There we go, all done." Kelly slid off my shaft, and went back to Robyn, spreading her cheeks open once more. Robyn's brown eye stared back at me, open and hungry.

"Now, put it in slowly. Just the tip…" Kelly said.

"I'll tell you when…" Robyn said, but stopped when she felt my dick head touch her. "Ohh yeah. Now push it in slowly…"

I did as she said. This hole was a lot smaller then her cunt, and incredibly tight. Robyn gasped and clenched her teeth (and ass) from the sudden violation. "Just go slow and you can slide it all in."

"Fuck, look at that sausage go in," Cindy shouted as she climbed over. Kelly was helping my dick along by pushing it deeper in with her hands. Robyn was holding onto the soiled bed covers with a death lock grip and kept moaning in pain.

"Don't stop Shawn," she cried out though, when I slowed down. I was half way in, so I kept sliding. "Now, push it in farther… All the way in… Yess!!"

"This is hot Shawn, but you can do better," Cindy said and suddenly shoved down on my hips. Not ready for that, my dick plunged hard into Robyn's ass, knocking her flat into the bed, with me falling on top of her.

"FUCKKK!!!" Robyn cried out from the suddenness. I could feel my balls pressing into the bottom of her pussy, as the entire 10 inch length of my shaft was up her ass

"There we go." Kelly slapped my own ass, and both her and Cindy started pushing me up and down, pressing me into Robyn.

"Oh, you bitches are going to pay." Robyn said through clenched teeth.

Now, I've fucked a girl in her ass before, but she was new to it, and uncomfortable, so it wasn't the best experience. But I soon found out that Robyn, though not a pros., was at least used to it. The muscles in her ass just crushed my dick like a vice, so as I tried to get up, she was pulled along with me.

The two other girls used this moment to flip me over, so that I was lying on my back with Robyn sitting on top of my hips, my dick still stuck all the way inside her, and her back to my face.

"You didn't think we'd let you be in charge the entire night, did you?" Robyn said, as she started lap dancing.

Kelly stretched out a delicate arm and turned on some music to inspire Robyn, while Cindy climbed over to my head. She knelt above me, still facing me, her legs spread over my face, giving me a great view of her delicate, pink pussy. She was only six inches above my face and used her fingers to spread her lips open, and using two fingers of her other hand to start playing with it.

"I haven't felt your tongue in here yet, but I'm going to make you hungry for my pussy before you get a taste."

"Hey, no fare stealing my fun." Robyn said as she twisted her hips (and my dick) and pulling my attention back to her and her ass. My arms went around Cindy's legs, to grab Robyn's ass and cup her cheeks. "That's better," she purred as I massaged them.

"Well, you stuck that fat ass of yours into his face while he pounded me, so this is pay back bitch," Cindy said, as she reached back a bit and pinched Robyn's ass with two long finger nails. Robyn yelped, but only increased the pressure on my dick.

Cindy just laughed and brought her pussy down to my face, sighing as she felt my tongue lap over her moist pussy. All of her cum had been cleaned off already, but she was starting to drip again. I alternated my hands between Cindy's ass and Robyn's ass, as well as moving up to massage Cindy's small perky tits and Robyn's medium sized tits.

Suddenly, the room was filled with a quick burst of bright light, and I heard Robyn say cheese. I managed a glimpse around Cindy's pussy and saw that Kelly was taking pictures, which got me really hot, much to both Cindy's and Robyn' enjoyment.
