 It was a particularly sunny Friday lunchtime and we decided to forsake our usual pub lunch and go for a walk instead. We only had an hour so chose a path close to home which on a clear day should allow stunning views of the surrounding countryside. 

We wandered along chatting about nothing in particular, most people were at work or school and there was no one else around. We stopped to admire the view over a farm gate before carrying on into the sparse woods at the top of the hill. As the track bore round to the right we could hear voices ahead, the first other people we'd seen or heard. A man stood to the side of the track with a camera, I assumed he was there to take pictures of the scenery but he faced away into the trees and raised the camera, completely unaware of our presence. As we walked on I looked to see the subject of his photography and was startled to see a young blonde woman leaning back against a tree topless. Her breasts were illuminated by the dappled sunlight as she offered them up to the lens. "That's beautiful Katie," said the photographer busily snapping pictures, "Now put your arms over your head and arch your back. Amazing." 

I glanced over at Mark to see he was as surprised as I was but clearly enjoying the view. I jumped guiltily as I heard a female voice "Looks like we've got an audience Rich."

The photographer lowered his camera and looked round. I started to stammer an apology but he brushed it away. "Oh that's fine, we can hardly complain when we're out here on a public footpath." I was suddenly aware of Katie staring at me, she dropped hers arms and sauntered over and then whispered something in Rich's ear.

He looked at me appraisingly, "Hmm, you have a point. Go on, you ask." 

Katie came over and took my arm, "How would you feel about having your picture taken?" she asked, "Rich has always wanted to take pictures of me with another girl." 

I was taken aback, I'm hardly used to having pictures taken in any state of undress, especially by a perfect stranger. I started to refuse but to my surprise Mark jumped in, "She'd love to," he said, grinning at me and I stared at him, ready to refuse. "Go on," he said, "You know you want to." I have to admit he was right, I was suddenly finding the idea surprisingly appealing. 

"Great!" enthused Rich, "Right, top off and over there with Katie." 

I walked over to where Katie was waiting, casually shedding my top as I went. I turned to face the camera feeling a bit awkward. "OK," said Rich, "let's get started." He began to direct us in a number of poses and I started to relax, feeling the sun warming my breasts. I was also very aware of the admiring gaze of both men. "Bottom half now?" suggested Rich. I was taken aback, for some reason I hadn't thought this would happen and I wasn't sure about being naked in front of complete strangers in the woods. 

I felt a gentle breath on my neck as Katie whispered in my ear "Don't worry, we can keep our knickers on." Katie had already stripped down to a skimpy thong and as I gazed admiringly at her flat stomach and all over tan I threw caution to the wind and slid my jeans down my legs. 

Rich took a few more shots and then lowered the camera and nodded at Katie. She whispered in my ear again "You don't mind if I touch you? Do you?" My heart beat faster as I shook my head, in all honesty I would have refused her nothing at that point.

Katie stepped in close behind me, she wrapped her arms around my waist and bent to kiss my neck. I tipped my head to allow her easier access, aware that Rich was clicking away. I could feel Katie's hard nipples brushing against my back as she first cupped my breasts with both hands and then slid one hand suggestively down my stomach, fingertips stopping just inside my knickers. I couldn't help moaning and I heard her chuckle, "You're enjoying this, aren't you. Come on." 

For the first time I noticed a blanket spread out under the trees, she was leading me over to it. I surrendered to her, following her lead. We knelt down on the blanket, kissing, our breasts rubbing together delightfully. I could hear the camera clicking as she gently lay me down on my back and slid my g string knickers down my legs leaving me totally exposed. She knelt over me, also naked, and bent her head down, touching her tongue to first one nipple and then the other. She licked my breasts and sucked on my nipples and I groaned with pleasure. 

She lay on top of me and I felt her tits against mine, I had entirely forgotten that anyone else was there until I felt a touch on my thigh. Mark! He was kneeling between our legs, caressing Katie's gorgeous arse. Rich was calling out directions, "That's fantastic, carry on girls, Mark! Which one are you going to fuck?" Mark didn't bother answering, I felt his hard cock slide into my dripping cunt, Katie and I both groaned as we felt him grind against us. He built up a rhythm and I almost cried as I felt him pull out but a second later I realised he had plunged into Katie's willing pussy and I could feel him pushing her against me.

He carried on, a few strokes in me, a few in her, building the tension as our bodies pushed together. Katie came first, screaming her release and her bucking hips forced me into orgasm. Mark was close behind, groaning as he filled Katie's cunt with hot cum. I was still coming down as Mark got up and went over to Rich, "Go for your life," he said, taking the camera. Rich needed no more urging, he came over to us, his rock hard cock in hand.

Katie and I knelt up, he clearly deserved some attention. As Mark carried on taking pictures we took it in turns to lick and suck on his cock and balls. It didn't take long, Rich groaned and a copious quantity of cum exploded from his cock covering our faces and tits. The camera carried on clicking as we licked the cum off each other, sucking on nipples and kissing hard and deep.

"Right," said Rich a little shakily, "Do you want to give me an email address so I can send you copies?" The tension broken, we suddenly realised we were in the woods, completely naked and covered in cum. There was a general scramble for clothes. Mark found a pen and scribbled down our email addresses. As we wandered back to the car a red setter passed us and his owners called out a friendly hello, I do wonder if anyone else had walked past earlier, I'm not sure I'd have noticed.