 Mr. Gray had always hated covering classes for teachers who were off sick, but when it was supervising a library study session, it was worse than ever. In theory, they were supposed to be checking that the students were studying the right things, but he was usually happy to sit down and let them get on with it, as long as they were quiet. It was a good chance to catch up on some paperwork himself.

At least he knew this class, as he'd taken them for gym and sports many times over the past few years, they were a decent enough bunch on the whole.

About 20 minutes into the lesson, Mr. Gray heard a giggling coming from one of the study tables. Looking up, he noticed that it was Stacey, a tall, slim blond girl. It wasn't any surprise that it was her, she was rather immature and always giggling, usually at the stupidest of things.

"Stacey, we don't need the giggling this afternoon please." He called.

She looked up at him, slighted red-faced, "Sorry Mr. Gray," she said.

Stacey was sitting with Emma, one of the prettiest girls in the school. She had long, dark hair, even darker eyes and an olive complexion, which gave her an almost Mediterranean appearance. All of the boys in the school were desperate to go out with her; but, despite their fullest attentions, she had never shown any interest in any of them. The two girls had been close friends since the age of eight and knew pretty much everything there was to know about each other. Both were seen as rather shy, but polite, helpful and friendly to their fellow students and teachers.

It wasn't long before Mr. Gray heard more giggling. Looking up again, he saw that it was both Stacey and Emma. He strained his eyes to see what book seemed to be causing so much amusement. It looked for all the world like one of the school atlases, and as geography was one of the subjects they were supposed to be studying, there didn't seem to be a problem. But he couldn't help wondering what on earth was in there, that they were finding so funny.

Curious, he got to his feet and walked slowly around the room, out of sight of the two girls, coming up behind them. The book that they had was, undoubtedly, an atlas, but what they had tucked inside it and were now giggling over certainly wasn't. Between the pages of the atlas, was a glossy, but rather dog-eared magazine. The girls were looking at a page showing two men, completely naked, both with enormous hard-ons sticking out in front of them.

Mr. Gray was stunned; these were the last two he would have thought would be looking at material like this. Stacey was touching the end of one of the huge dicks, giggling, obviously imagining that it was real. Emma had gone quiet again, and he noticed that her left hand was down the front of her school skirt and, he assumed, inside her panties. He grew even more amazed; here was Emma, sweet, innocent, beautiful Emma, starting to masturbate in the library.

He was about to say something, when Stacey flicked over a couple of pages. The image before them now showed one of the two men lying on his back on a plush sofa. Sitting on him, one on his face and one on his dick, were two vivacious blondes, who were quite obviously enjoying themselves.

Mr. Gray could take it no more; he silently crept up right behind the two girls, completely unnoticed. He squatted down to the level that they were sitting at, feeling a growing hardness in his trousers as he went lower.

"That looks like fun!" He whispered to them.

The two girls jumped and gasped. Stacey instinctively slammed the atlas and therefore the magazine closed and Emma hastily withdrew her hand from her under her skirt.

Mr. Gray looked at them both, putting on his sternest face. The girls knew that they had been rumbled.

"You realise that the two of you could be in big trouble." He said quietly, not wanting to draw the attention of others.

"Why?" Emma almost snapped, annoyed that her fun had been interrupted. "We're both eighteen."

"Maybe, but you know that you shouldn't have that sort of thing in school, don't you?"

Both girls remained silent, looking rather sheepish. They were wondering what was going to happen to them.

"I wonder what your parents would say if they found out." He asked them with a sly grin.

"No, you can't tell our parents," Stacey pleaded, "anything but that!

Mr. Gray thought for a moment, "Well, I suppose there is a way that I can forget about what I've just seen, but you will both need to co-operate."

"Yes, anything," Emma said, not realising what she was saying, "just don't tell my parents, please. They would be so angry. I don't think that they would ever forgive me for this."

He looked from one girl's face to the other, remembering the way that Stacey had run her finger over the dick in the picture and how Emma had had her hand shoved down her panties.

"My office, after school," he whispered. "We'll find out whether that really was as much fun as at looked." The two girls looked at each other, suddenly realising what their teacher had in store for them.

"If you're late," he warned, "I'll be straight on the phone to your parents." With that, he took Emma's left hand in his and raised it to his face. Placing her fingers under his nose, he inhaled deeply, smelling the sweet scent of her juices. With a wink, he returned to his desk, glancing around to check that none of the other students had overheard his conversation.

***** 

By the time three-thirty arrived, both girls had convinced themselves that nothing was going to happen to them when they went to see Mr. Gray. They thought that he had just been trying to shock them into realising what bad girls they had been. It had been his way of making sure that they didn't do it again.

Nervously Emma knocked on Mr. Gray's office door, it opened immediately. Mr. Gray beckoned them inside without a word and as the girls walked towards his desk, he closed the door behind them and turned the key in the lock. The girls looked at each other, perhaps they had been wrong after all.

Mr. Gray walked behind his desk and sat down on his chair, still without speaking. He looked the two girls up and down, admiring their young curves, thinking how cute they both looked in their school uniforms. Emma blushed slightly as she noticed his eyes linger on her titties.

"Now then," he said finally, "I know how much the two of you were enjoying looking at that magazine, I'm sure you will enjoy the real thing even more."

He looked across at Stacey. "Tell me, what were you doing whilst looking at that picture?" He asked her.

Stacey blushed bright red; "I was touching the end of his penis." She said shyly.

"Well, how'd you like to touch a real one? Not quite so big, but still a decent size."

"I…I don't know," she stammered.

"Oh, I think you would," he told her. "Come here!"

Emma looked on in astonishment as Stacey walked towards Mr. Gray. He had stood up and was removing his trousers. His dick had been hard all afternoon in anticipation of what he was sure to come, but now that he freed it from all restraint, it leapt out to its full nine inches. Stacey stood nervously in front of him, unable to take her eyes off of her teacher's monster dick. She had never seen a man's penis before, and this wasn't quite what she had expected.

Mr. Gray took Stacey's hand and guided it to the end of his throbbing member, where her slender fingers closed instinctively around his shaft. He continued to guide her hand, encouraging her to stroke his entire length. The feeling was immense; he had to grit his teeth to stop himself coming immediately.

"That's it, stroke it, " he told her, "just like you did the one in the book." With Stacey still slowly wanking him off, he turned to Emma. "Now, Emma. Tell, me, what were you doing whilst looking at those pictures?"

Emma stood rooted to the spot. She didn't know what to say. She was feeling surprisingly turned on by watching her best friend stroke her teacher's dick, but wasn't at all sure that she wanted to do it herself. "I wasn't doing anything!" She said, "I wasn't touching it."

"Oh, Emma. You disappoint me," Mr. Gray scolded, whilst trying to hold back the tingling sensation in his balls that was caused by Stacey's ongoing attentions. "Your fingers didn't get that smell all by there self, did they? Now, tell me what you were doing."

Emma blushed again, "I…had…I…I had my hand…inside my…knickers." She finally forced out.

"I know you did, Emma, you bad girl. Now, I want you to play with yourself again whilst Stacey plays with me."

Emma hesitated, but realised that she had no choice and, after all, the sight before her was getting her more and more horny and she could feel a sizeable wet patch at the front of her knickers. She sat down in a nearby chair and pushed her hand under the waistband of her grey skirt and into her panties. She began to stroke two fingers up and down her moist slit and, before long, had slipped one of them inside her gash.

Mr. Gray found himself quickly approaching orgasm, as Stacey picked up her rhythm and gripped harder. The sight of Emma's beautiful face getting redder and redder in front of him was almost too much to bear. He wanted to be the one making it that colour.

"Stop," he yelled.

Emma immediately sat up straight and pulled her hand up out of her skirt. Stacey however found that she couldn't release her grip on her teacher's dick and Mr. Gray had to pull her hand away. Suddenly, he leant forwards and down and pressed his lips onto Stacey's, pushing his tongue into her eager little mouth. His arms embraced Stacey's slender body and soon found the button fastener on her skirt. He undid it and let her skirt drop to the floor. Breaking the kiss, he started to run his hands over Stacey's thin white blouse. He slowly unbuttoned it, leaving her standing in just her bra.

He signalled for Emma to come over to them.

"Take her bra off." He growled at Emma.

Emma stood, stock-still.

"Come on," he urged, "take it off. She's your friend, she won't mind."

Emma realised that she had little choice and she moved behind Stacey. She unclasped her friend's bra and let it drop to the floor. Mr. Gray stood there, admiring Stacey breasts. There weren't that big, but were incredibly firm; almost pyramid shaped. Her nipples were small, but had become erect. He leaned towards her and took one of them in his mouth, gently squeezing it between his teeth. Stacey gave a squeal, which was a cross between pain and pleasure. The pain was, however, soon to be completely dominated by the pleasure. He moved his mouth further over Stacey's left tit and began a slow, sensual suckling, whilst using his tongue to circle and flick across her nipple.

He stole a glance over at Emma, who was getting more and more turned on by the sight before her. Her hand was once more down the front of her panties. This time, her teacher made no attempt to stop her, but signalled with his hand to join him on Stacey's other tit. This time, Emma didn't hesitate. Her mouth soon clamped over Stacey's right breast, causing her to moan loudly.

Mr. Gray reached his hands to Stacey's panties, which had become decidedly damp by now. He slid them down to the ground and began to stroke her blonde bush. Her fanny lips were swollen and slightly parted and Stacey jumped slightly as her teacher's fingers began to run along her gash. Her juices were running freely by now, and the sweet smell was too much for Mr. Gray.

He moved his mouth away from Stacey's tit and crouched lower. His tongue pressed against her hole and he began to lap up the sweet fluids running from her fanny. As he pressed his tongue slightly into her fanny, he felt her clit twitching, looking for attention. He flicked his tongue back and forth over the end of it, noticing that Stacey's breathing was becoming faster and shallower. All the time, Emma was still licking and sucking her friend's breasts; there was no doubt, Stacey was on the verge of a massive orgasm.

Mr. Gray moved in a bit further and began to roll Stacey's clit between his teeth, just like he had done with her nipple. She began to moan and squeal loudly and her legs began to shake. The gasps and sighs that followed, coupled with the sudden explosion of fanny juices left Mr. Gray in no doubt that his pupil had just had a body-shaking orgasm.

He pulled away from her and then put his hand on Emma's head to get her to do the same. Stacey just stood there, with a glazed expression and an ecstatic smile. It looked as if she didn't quite know where she was, but she was clearly happy. As Emma and her teacher watched, Stacey's legs finally buckled and gave way, causing her to stagger backwards into one of her teacher's easy chairs.

Mr Gray turned and looked at Emma, "I think she enjoyed that, don't you?" He had certainly enjoyed pleasuring Stacey, but his throbbing dick was beginning to ache. He needed a hole to ram it in! He walked over to Emma, brushed the dark hair off of her face and kissed her tenderly on the forehead.

"Now then, Emma, sweet little Emma. The girl that all the boys in the school most want to screw. But it's going to be me, your teacher, that's going to pop your sweet little cherry."

Emma looked at her teacher and smiled. It was a smile that said she wanted it, but also said that she was worried. Worried at how she was going to get all of that massive rod inside her. She unbuttoned her blouse, revealing her two beautiful globes straining at her bra. Mr. Gray couldn't take her eyes off of them. They were much larger than Stacey's and almost perfectly spherical. Emma wasted no time in undoing her bra. The sight of her two small, red, erect nipples protruding from her dark skin forced an extra half-inch out of Mr. Gray. He walked over to her and cupped her breasts in his hands, lowering himself to flick her nipples with his tongue.

His hands swiftly lowered to her skirt, unhitching the button and allowing it to drop to the floor. He looked down at Emma's white panties, which were sopping wet from Emma's earlier attentions. He slowly slid them down her legs, where she kicked them away. He was surprised to see how small Emma's bush was, but it was a pleasant surprise as it clearly showed her beautiful pussy, the lips were already red and swollen from where her fingers had been furiously working it earlier.

He picked up Emma in his arms and laid her out on the floor. He looked over at Stacey, who was still half-lying in the chair. Her eyes were closed, and she looked for all the world as if she was asleep, but the way her fingers were mashing at her swollen clit told him otherwise. He hoped that she'd be careful, as he didn't want her to get too sore as he had every intention of taking her virginity later.

Mr. Gray turned his attentions back to Emma. He lay on top of her, kissing, licking and suckling her breasts. His hand moved down to her pussy and Emma let out a loud moan of pleasure as his fingers began to stroke her clit. His juices were running freely and the redness that appeared on her dark-skinned face and chest told him that she was already close to orgasm. He wasted no more time. Positioning his dick at the entrance to her fanny, he began to slide it in; causing Emma to squeal with a mixture of pain and pleasure.

His steady slide was halted by the presence of his student's hymen. He smiled to himself as this confirmed that he was indeed the first to fuck her, and that the fantasies of none of the boys in the school had been realised. He placed his hands firmly on Emma's shoulders and gave an almighty thrust. The sudden, intense pain of her hymen being split caused Emma to scream, this time purely in pain. This was closely followed by a second yell as her teacher thrust the rest of his throbbing member into her, the head entering her virgin womb.

It hurt like hell, but the pain soon began to subside as Mr. Gray began a slow sensuous sliding, each time, almost withdrawing his dick, before going back in to the hilt. Emma wrapped her arms and legs around her teacher's body, pressing her beautiful tits into him. Mr. Gray could feel the familiar tingling in his balls and his pace quickened, causing Emma to moan louder and louder with each thrust. He felt the walls of her already tight fanny begin to tighten even more around his cock. Emma's face was getting redder and redder, beads of sweat breaking out on her brow. He kissed her, just as her body was rocked by a stomach-churning orgasm. Almost at the same moment, Mr. Gray felt himself unload into her, wave after wave of his hot spunk flooding her insides. He collapsed on top of her, feeling surprisingly exhausted, Emma's arms and legs still wrapped around him.

Mr. Gray forced himself to regain his composure and smiled to himself as he heard Stacey's moans from the other side of the room. Her fingers were still working furiously. She was coming again and Mr. Gray quickly broke himself away from Emma's tired embrace as he realised that there was still work to be done!

He sat beside Stacey and replaced her hand with his own, using the other one to caress her small, pert tits. Her juices were flowing rapidly from her cunt and she seemed to be in a state of almost constant orgasm. His dick, which had become a little soft after pumping so much juice into Emma, was growing back to its full size, and he knew that it was time for Stacey to get screwed. He thought back to the picture of the two girls and the guy in the magazine and smiled; that would do nicely.

He lifted Stacey off the chair and she put her arms around his neck. He carried her over to where Emma was now sitting on the floor, caressing her tits. He sat down, so that Stacey was sitting on his stomach and he kissed her again, moving his hands to squeeze her firm buttocks. He gently lifted her ass up, and moved her down towards his dick. He felt it lodge between her ass cheeks and then pop up against her lower stomach as he slid her further back. He encouraged her to lift herself a little higher so that he could position his dick properly.

Once sure that it was in place, he motioned for Emma to come over, he wanted her to watch his dick invade her friend's fanny, the same way that it had done with hers earlier. Emma put her face right down by his groin and he began to lower Stacey down onto his dick. He was delighted to find that she was even tighter than her friend was. He kept his hands under her buttocks, not wanting to go in too quickly. He wanted to enjoy the moment that her hymen split. Stacey was screaming, feeling that she was going to burst, feeling that he must be almost all the way in. Little did she realise that he wasn't even halfway yet.

Suddenly, he felt the end of his knob press against her cherry and he lowered her down gently, feeling it stretch slightly before it shattered. Stacey threw her head back and let out a blood-curdling scream, followed by a moan of pleasure. Mr. Gray enjoyed the scream, so, removing his hands from her ass, he let his student drop, ramming the rest of his dick home to the hilt. Stacey screamed again as his cock invaded her womb, but she began to slide up and down his shaft. Mr. Gray returned his hands to her buttocks to encourage her to keep sliding and to get a good rhythm. He looked down in satisfaction at the small amount of blood that was mixing with her sweet fanny juices. Then he lay back on the floor, allowing Stacey to set the pace.

Emma, meanwhile, had been watching all this very closely and had her fingers back in her pussy. Still thinking about the picture in the magazine, Mr. Gray grabbed her and pulled her towards his head. She thought back to the magazine and also remembered the picture, she knew what he wanted and still felt in no position to deny him. She knelt and positioned her legs either side of her teacher's face and lowered her fanny towards his face. His tongue stretched out of his mouth, eagerly trying to reach Emma swollen pussy. As she reached him, he reached up and gripped her lovely globes as he began to lick her gash, enjoying the sweet taste.
