 A little bit about us. Jean and I are both 47. I'm 6 foot with an average build with a high and tight haircut. Some people think I'm in the military because of my haircut. Jean is 5' 5", auburn hair and very sexy! We have no children. I'm in aviation and Jean is in computer support.

Jean and I had not been on a vacation for quite some time. We have some friends that own time-share at this resort on the island of St. Johns. They let us use their suite for the week. We flew down on a Saturday morning and checked into our room. It was a beautiful suite on the 5th floor with a kitchen, separate bedroom, balcony and the best part, a Jacuzzi. Once we were settled in, we made our way down to check out the rest of the resort. This resort boasts 6 different pools. One of them is a wave pool. They also have a river that flows all the way around the pool area. You set your butt in an inner tube, kick back and relax.

It had been a long day. We grabbed a quick bite to eat then headed back to our room for a nap, and slept longer than we wanted. Jean woke me up well past dinnertime. We decided to order a pizza, watch a movie and stay in. As we ate our pizza, our attention turned to the noises coming from the adjoining room. Our suite and the one next to us have a common door between them. It became obvious they were having a great sex session! I hit the mute button on the remote, making it easier to hear their lovemaking. 

As we listened to our unknown neighbors I asked Jean, "What are you thinking." 

She answered, "What do you think? It's getting me horny!" 

I leaned over and passionately kissed Jean. Jean pulled away from our kiss and lay back in from me. She spread her legs apart, inviting me to enter here soaking wet honey pot. As I took a deep breath, my head began to swim with the sweetness of her essence. As we made love it was like having another couple in the room with us. 

Jean kept saying, "God your cock feels so good! Make me cum Sweetpea!" 

She squeezed my cock tighter with every thrust. I felt my own orgasm beginning. Jean wrapped her legs around me, pulling me in deeper. Neither one of us is very vocal while we make love but that night was different. We sounded like wild animals! I tried to slow down a bit but Jean would have none of it.

"Don't stop! I'm cuming! Keep going!" 

I felt my orgasm building in my balls. Jean came with a guttural moan. Pulling me as far as I could go. After a few more strokes I was cuming too. I felt a new sensation coming from Jean's pussy. She seemed to be wetter than ever. This turned me on like I could not believe! I had my own orgasm, filling Jean's honey pot with cum. I thought we were done, but Jean let go of me and pushed my head down to her honey pot. The essence of both our juices combined was wonderful! I happily lapped the combination of our juices from her pussy.

A few months ago she asked me to go down on here after I came inside of her. I found I really liked the taste of our combined juices. I have tried tasting my own cum from time to time and it was ok. Sometimes I can get Jean off a second time in short order while drinking my salty cum from her pussy. 

It had been a long day and needless to say we both slept very well that first night. 

The next morning Jean and I got up, made some coffee and changed into our swimsuits. Jean wore one of her sexy Brazilian cut bikinis. She looks so hot in a bikini! We stopped at the one of the poolside restaurants for a light breakfast and then off to the pool to soak up the wonderful sun of the Caribbean. Jean and I found the adults only pool and found two loungers that were away from the normal flow of people. Finally it was time to relax, have some drinks and soak up the wonderful Caribbean sun. As we settled in our poolside waiter stopped past. 

"Good morning! I'm Phillip. What can I get for the two of you?" 

"Two vodka lemonade's please." I answered.

As the morning progressed more people came into the pool area. Most found their own seats on the other side of the pool from us. 

I commented to Jean, "I wonder who might end up seated next to us?" 

Jean answered, "I don't care as long as we don't get bothered much." 

Jean asked me to put some tanning lotion on her back. As I did a good looking couple came over to where we were and asked if the loungers next to us were available. I told them they were. Phillip was right on the spot taking their drink order as they settled in to their loungers. 

He was about 6'foot, crew cut hair. I noticed and a bit surprised that he had no body hair. She was about 5'3, sandy blond hair that was pulled back into a ponytail. She was wearing a very striking open back one piece suit that was showed off her body perfectly. Both of them were nicely tanned. 

As I finished spreading lotion on Jean's back I kissed her then whispered in her ear. "You are the most beautiful woman here."

Both Jean and I are cribbage players. I asked Jean if she wanted to play cribbage. She didn't want too, but a voice came from the other side of Jean. 

"Excuse me, but I overheard you wanted to play cribbage. I play cribbage. Would you like to join me in a game? 

"Yeah, that would be great." I answered. 

"Hi, I'm Rick and this is my bride Angie."

"I'm Pete and this is my wife Jean."

With that I grabbed our cribbage board and cards moving to a table just behind us and started a game. 

Rick told me they were both 39 years old, have no children and together own a remodeling company Wisconsin. 

"Where in Wisconsin are you from?" I asked.

His answer just about knocked me off my chair!

"Roberts." He replied.

We're just about neighbors. We live in Inver Grove Heights. It's just a few miles south of St. Paul."

"Pardon be but, No fucking way! Hey Angie! Did Jean tell you where they live?"

"No. We haven't got that far yet. Why?" 

"They live in Inver Grove Heights. You know the cities?"

Angie exclaimed, "Really!" 

Jean turned to look at Rick and I. "We're going to have a lot to talk about." 

"I hope so." Angie answered.

Rick and I continued our cribbage game. Time flew past. We shared many interests, cars, motorcycles, music, airplanes, etc and of course our wife's.

Angie and Jean were done sunning themselves. They both came over to the table. Jean told us they had been wondering about dinner. Angie thought that the four of us should have dinner together. We all agreed. 

I offered to make reservations for 7pm.

As we went back to our rooms we shared the elevator ride and they happened to be on the same floor as us. They walked down the hallway the same direction as us, stopping at the room next to ours. I looked at Jean and I knew she was thinking the same thing. They were the couple we listened to having sex the night before! 

Angie laughed and said, "Now this is almost too much. Not only are we within 60 miles of each other at home, but we're staying in the suite right next to you! I wonder what will happen next. We'll see you at 7."

Jean and I relaxed for a bit before taking our showers. 

"Jean, isn't it funny that we come so far just to meet people who live so close?"

"Yeah, no matter where we go you usually see someone you know. I think we may have found two new friends."

We took our showers and both of us were looking forward to dinner. We walked into the restaurant. Rick and Angie arrived shortly after us. Our table was on the patio which provided us with a beautiful view of the ocean!

Angie exclaimed, "Wow! Now that's a view."

Jean sat on my left, Angie was on my right, and Rick sat across from me. Other than employees, we were the only people on the patio. We all thought it was great we hit it off so well earlier in the day. I looked at Jean and knew she was thinking about what we heard coming from there room the night before. I wasn't going to say anything to them because I didn't want to embarrass them. We continued with dinner. Our meals were perfectly prepared. We shared a few bottles of wine and before long we were all getting a little loose. 

"Since you're in the suite right next to us I need to ask. Did hear us last night." asked Angie.

I looked at Jean and we both were not sure how to react. 

"Well?"

"Yes, I answered. Neither one of us wanted to say anything because we didn't want to embarrass you by bringing it up."

"We don't get embarrassed very easily. Did you like what you heard?"

"We did!"

"Maybe you will be able to listen to us again tonight if you want. If that's something you two enjoy." 

"Yeah, we'll keep our ears open."

"You know, Rick and I have had threesomes in the past with both men and women." 

Jean and I were taken completely off guard. Stumbling to find the words I finally got out, "Um, Ah, Really?

"We have been having threesomes for a couple of years with a lady friend of ours and we decided to bring a man into the bedroom about 6 months ago."

Jean piped up," Pete and I had our first threesome last year." I added that I was seduced by Theo. He was at the house installing a new HVAC unit for us. Theo and I lost track of time and did not hear Jean come home." 

Jean interjected, "Lost track of time is right. When I got home Pete was giving Theo a blowjob! It really pissed me off! I told Theo to get out then I stormed into the bedroom. As hard as I wanted too, I could not get the picture of Pete sucking Theo's cock out of my mind. Just as fast as I got pissed, my anger changing to excitement! I went back out stopping at the top of our stairs. Both of them were dressed and Pete was showing Theo to the door." 

I said to both of them. "I caught you two doing something I was not ready to see. Then I realized how excited I was becoming and now I want to watch! They came back upstairs and Pete introduced Theo to me. They undressed again and went back at it."

Now wait a minute? Angie questioned. "Pete you had never been with a man before?" 

"Nope, but I enjoyed not only giving Theo head but receiving it from him. Jean knew that I've wondered what it would be like to have sex with a man, and I've had fantasies about men from time to time. Theo gave me an opportunity and it felt right. I'm just happy that Jean decided to be ok with it. Since then we have been with Theo a few times"

"Sounds like you three had a great time. How far did you take it?" Rick asked.

"Do you mean did Theo screw me?" 

"Yes exactly." 

"Yes and I sometimes think back on it and think did I really do that? Did it really happen?" 

Angie piped up, "You know there's something to be said about watching your husband having sex man! So incredibly hot!

Rick asked. "How about you Jean, does it do the same to you?"

"Oh my god Rick it was unbelievably hot watching Pete and Theo get each other off! But seeing Theo bury his tool into Pete's ass! I never thought it would be such a turn on!" 

"A few months after Pete had his first man, I had my first woman. Pete was gone on business over that weekend and I was feeling lonely after work. I stopped past the bar to get something to drink. That's when Alison entered my life. She and I chatted for a couple of hours and I told her about Pete and Theo. Alison asked me if I wanted ever thought of having sex with a woman? I was a little tipsy and very horny. That night was like Pete had with Theo. It felt right for me, so I went with it and I asked Alison if she wanted to come to our place and talk. I parked the car and Alison gave me my first girl kiss. I felt her breasts. Alison went down on me and got me off! She wanted me to go down on her, but I wasn't ready. We only had that one night but I would like to be with Alison again."

I interjected. "I want to be part of that!"

Rick told us about his first time with a man.

"Angie wanted me to try because we have shared women and thought it would only be fair that she watched me with a man. The first time I sucked cock was scary and amazing. I really didn't think I could go through with it, but with Angie helping me I felt a little more at ease with it. Feeling the softness of his skin, the hardness of his cock and how his cock pulsed when he came! I ended up enjoying it just like you Pete. We know how it feels to get ourselves off. Listening to his moans and how his cock throbbed while his cum pumped out. One of the only things on my mind was WOW!"

"I understand Rick. I've had two "WOW!" moments with Theo. The first was being so close to his cock when I got him off and how hot his cum felt running down my hand. The second was when Theo came inside of me."

"So did you taste his cum?" Angie asked.

"No. I did think about it and kind of wanted too, but I chickened out."

Angie continued. "Rick did not want to either, but he has had other men have swallowed his load. Have you ever tasted your own cum Pete?"

"I've tasted my own cum a few times, but it wasn't after I got myself off like you might think. The first time was after making love with Jean. She was going to clean up. I was lying with my head over the side of the bed. She straddled my face wanting me to give her clit an after sex lick. I got more than I expected. I saw cum had started to dribble out of Jeans' pussy. Normally I would I would have stopped right then and there. It's kind of like eating mushrooms. I don't like mushrooms and if I see them I'll pick them off. I decided to have a taste. The combination of her honey and my seed was sweet and salty. I realized I liked the combination and it was like I couldn't get enough! My cock immediately got rock hard again!"

"Rick will lick his cum out of me every once in a while Angie added. The first time he did I joked. Would you like some coffee with that sir?" 

We all got a good laugh from that one! 

Rick added, "Angie loves to get off while I eat my seed from her pussy. You know Angie was having sex with women long before she and I met. I like to watch and she usually asks me join in. One of my favorite times was when Angie and I were in a 69. Our friend Linda was screwing Angie with a strap-on. Linda was so excited that her juice was dripping down onto my forehead. Every few strokes Linda would stop and let me lick her honey pot. As I remember Angie, you loved how wet Linda would get."

"I'll never forget that night and yes she does get dripping wet! I met Linda about 16 years ago. When Rick and I started dating 10 years ago, I could not wait for Rick to meet her. When I told Linda about Rick, she was a bit jealous. For the first time she would have to share me with someone else. I told Rick that Linda and I are very close, but I did not tell him right away that she and I were lovers. When they finally met, Linda knew that Rick was the one for me. Linda loved him right from the get go. The corporation Linda works for promoted her into a management position. The problem was that it was in California. She moved a few months ago and we really miss her. She's such a wonderful lover! We asked her to come on this vacation but she could not make it."

"With that said can I ask the two of a question?" Angie asked.

"Sure," Jean answered.

"Rick and I were wondering if the two of you would like to join us in our room after dinner. I thought we could drink more wine and relax in the Jacuzzi and see what else comes up."

"Pete and I have plans to go over to St. Thomas tomorrow morning for a quick meeting with one of the jewelers, then it's off to do some shopping. Our meeting is at 8am so we need to turn in early."

Angie's face took on the look of disappointment. 

"Why don't you two join us tomorrow?" Jean asked. "We can do lunch then head back here about 2 o'clock."

Angie perked up a bit and asked. "What time should we meet you guys?"

Jean asked me, "Pete you setup the water taxi to bring us over at 7am right?"

"Right," answering Jean.

Jean told both of them to meet us about 6:45 in the lobby.

I excused myself for a moment. 

Jean asked. "Where are you going?" 

"I need to use the bathroom. OK?"

"OK"

It didn't take me long to return, but on the way back I stopped and paid the dinner tab for the four of us. I got back to the table the three of them were still chatting away. It would have been nice to sit and chat for a while longer, but we needed to get our sleep for tomorrow. I told the three that I had taken care of the bill.

As we said our goodnights and started to go our separate ways, Angie asked us, "Are you sure we can't talk you into coming to our room for a nightcap?" 

We needed to say no, but after our conversation I know I was horny as hell! 

Jean and I needed to stop past the resorts convenience shop and headed in a different direction than Rick and Angie. 

As we found what we needed I asked Jean, "Do you really want to go to bed?"

"Not really."She answered.

"Are you as horny as me?" 

"I think horny is an understatement!" 

"Do you want to blow off our meeting tomorrow and go take Rick and Angie up on their offer?"

"Yes!"

With that, Jean and I quickly headed up to our room. As we got off the elevator we looked down the hall and saw that Angie and Rick were just getting to their room. 

I hollered to them. "Hey guys, wait up!" 

Angie put on a big smile as we approached them. "Can we assume you two changed your minds?"

Jean answered, "Yes, if your invitation still open?"

"What do you think silly? Of course it is! You two go get ready and come over in about 10 minutes. I'll make some margaritas for us."

With that Jean and I entered our room, eager to continue our adventure with Rick and Angie!