 The morning after my night with the four women I found myself sexually exhausted for the first time in my life. On top of that, I noticed how ridiculous I thought I looked with my pubic hairs completely shaven. Stacey tried to tell me how sexy it looked, but I felt like a little kid.

I also kept thinking about Stacey’s plea for me to set up a major sex night. I had an idea about what I wanted to do, but I was going to wait a few weeks for some hair to grow back before I got naked in front of a bunch of people.

Stacey and I continued to have great sex and Lori joined us a few times. Last weekend, she brought over a boyfriend.  He was startled when Stacey met them at the door wearing nothing but a see-through teddy, but recovered by the time Stacey was sucking his dick and I was fucking Lori on the floor.

Anyway, back to my plans. I found out that Katie and her husband were members of local swingers club that meant about once a month at a local hotel. I had been talking to her to set us up and she recommended us to the club leaders. Because of her recommendation, Stacey and I were accepted without me having to let Stacey know what I was up to.

The club’s next party was a Halloween costume party, and paid the club dues. I also reserved a room. Katie told me they all met in the ballroom, had drinks, played games, and danced. Then, everyone went upstairs and changed into lingerie and then let nature take over.

All I told my wife was we were going to a costume party at a local hotel, and to buy a costume that was really sexy and to have some sexy lingerie for later. This, I knew, would be no problem for her. Since we began swinging, my wife has been getting very voyeuristic in her dress, especially when we go out.

We agreed to not show each other our costumes before we got to the hotel. I had found a caveman outfit that went over one shoulder and was basically a felt dress to my knees. I got crazy and bought a black silk thong to wear under the outfit.

We arrived at the hotel early in the evening. Katie had told me the festivities usually get under way about 8:00. She assured me they would be there at that time in order for us to get acquainted with the evening. She also told me they would make sure we would not see them since they would have a room on the same floor and it would ruin the surprise if Stacey saw her.

Stacey showered first and got ready while I showered. I had taken my costume into the bathroom with me and put it on. It felt funny wearing a thong, but also incredibly sexy. I walked out into the room where Stacey had finished getting ready.

“Is this sexy enough for you,” she asked.

She was dressed as a very sexy genie, a very revealing genie. The top was pink with puffy shoulder and went to the top of her abdomen, but sheer. Underneath she was not wearing a bra and you could see every inch of her perky tits. Her abs were completely exposed and her belly ring matched the color of her outfit.

The bottoms were classic genie bottoms, but also completely sheer and started about the midway point of her hips. Coming out of the top the pants was her very skimpy g-string, which pretty much covered only a tiny strip of skin outside her pants, and inside only her pussy. The outfit was complemented by a pair of see-through pink stiletto heels, which had the toe-lifts that made her go from 5’6” to about 5’10”.

“I think you will be the hit of the party,” I replied, my cock stirring. “What about mine?”

“You will be very popular also,” she said. “You wearing anything underneath?”

“Just this,” I said, lifting my costume exposing my thong.

“Wow, I can’t wait for you to model that for me later. Besides, what kind of party is this?”

“You’ll find out soon,” I said as I checked my watch. It was 7:55. “We need to head downstairs. Will you be comfortable walking around the hotel in that?”

“Oh I don’t know. You know how much I hate to have people drooling over me,” she said sarcastically.

We left the room and headed downstairs. I let my wife walk in front of me a little bit so I could check out her exposed ass. Even the pants left nothing to the imagination, I have always found it very sexy when women expose their thongs above their pants, which Stacey knew, and also knew it was driving me crazy seeing her dressed like that.

We rode the elevator down eight floors and headed to the ballroom. When we got their, I noticed 12-15 couples had already arrived. All of the men seemed to be in standard costumes like mine, but the women were all dressed in very sexy and revealing outfits ranging from cats to nurses.

I spotted Katie and her husband over by the bar talking to another couple. Stacey was too busy checking everyone else out to notice her friend. Katie saw us and began walking over. 

She was dressed as Raggedy Ann, but in the stripper kind of way. She was wearing a red and white striped tube top, which exposed a good portion of her upper body. Her knee-high socks matched her top and she was wearing the same type of stripper heels that my wife was, except they were completely clear. However, the center of attention of the costume was her shorts. They were a pair of low rider jeans short that probably 3 sizes too small. She had not bothered, or maybe she could not have, to button or zip the shorts. Instead, she had just folded over the waistband, making them ride even lower on her hips. Basically, you could see just about her entire red satin thong she was wearing.

“Hey you fucking genie of a slut,” she said to Stacey breaking her out her trance.

“Holy shit,” my wife replied. “What the hell are you doing here?”

The two co-workers hugged each other and pecked each other on the lips. Seeing these two barely dressed, attractive women hug made my cock stir a little more.

Before Katie could reply, I chimed in with, “Surprise honey. You asked me to plan the next night out. This is the Top Hat Club. A swingers’ club. Katie set it all up for us after I asked her to.”

I was actually slightly nervous about her reaction to the news, but she responded the exact way I was hoping for her to.

“You mean all of these people are going to be having sex with each other later,” she asked, not waiting for a reply. “Wow!! I can’t wait to see how many I can manage to have sex with tonight.”

“Well that is where I come in,” Katie said. “I have sucked each cock and eaten each pussy in this room right now and another 30 or so couples that will probably be here tonight. I will introduce both of you to everyone.”

With that the evening was underway. Katie introduced us to her husband, Will. He was dressed a lifeguard and showing a tremendous amount of skin. Over the next half-hour, they introduced us to most of the 40 or so couples that had arrived by then.

There were too many names to remember, but most of the men could not take their eyes off of Stacey when they were introduced to her. Of course, she met their stares her gorgeous blue “fuck me” eyes and “fuck me” expressions.

I was surprised that most of the people in attendance were fairly attractive. There were a couple of women that were drop-dead gorgeous, including a little blonde, who looked a lot like Ashley Judd, dressed as a school girl, which I hoped to have a little contact later with. Most of the people were attractive. Sure there were a few overweight men and women, but no one grossly obese. And while many of the girls were average in looks, the fact they were scantily dressed and at complete ease with themselves, only made them more attractive to me.

Stacey was a big hit. Guys kept buying her drinks and taking her to the dance floor. With every guy, she was dry-humping everyone, and every time she came off the dance floor she had to fix her costume since the heavy petting usually rearranged something. She also had a few dirty dances with a couple of the other women.

I enjoyed watching Stacey, but was enjoying the women paying attention to me even more. I was amazed how flirty they were and always having an excuse to put their hands on my arm, chest or anywhere else. They were also more than eager to go the dance floor with me.

I had danced with several girls, including one where the entire slow dance she had her hand under my costume and tongue in mouth for the entire song. I had noticed many of the girls, including my wife, had lost their tops and were just walking around with their tits exposed.

Aimee, the Ashley Judd look-alike, had also lost her top and, while they may have been fake, had a great set of tits. I had enough to drink and since it was a swingers party, I decided to make a move when the dj played a slower song. I asked her to dance and we headed to the dance floor.

The second we got there, she put her hand on my neck and pulled my lips to hers. Her other hand went immediately under my costume. Instinctively, my left hand was under her school girl skirt and tracing the thong in her ass with my fingers. At the same time, my right hand was playing with the nipple on her exposed tit.

After the song, Aimee asked if I wanted to go upstairs with her. Of course I said yes, but I first needed to find my wife. After I found her, I told where I was going. She gave me a big kiss and told me to have fun and that she would be upstairs soon.

After I left Stacey to the pleasure of the other men, I found Aimee, who had put her shirt back on, and we headed upstairs. In the elevator, we began kissing again and dry-humping each other. By the time we had made it to our floor, I had my finger in her pussy.

She insisted we go to her room. By the time we got the door open, I was out of my uniform and in the hallway, which I was told was secured only to our party, in just my thong. Aimee had again lost her top. Once inside, the passion continued.

I was quickly able to get her skirt off, while she let my cock loose out of my underwear. Immediately, she dropped to her knees and began to take me in her mouth. She was fabulous. It was not long before I was dropping a huge load in her mouth, which she took all of it.

After she finished sucking me dry, I took her to the bed and laid her down. Quickly I removed her panties and dove right into a hot, moist pussy that tasted wonderful. Her pussy tasted so great that I ate it for probably 10-15 minutes. During the time, she came a few times and my cock was hard again. I slowly worked my way back up, taking plenty of time to pay attention to those beautiful boobs, and began to kiss her again.

It was obvious, however, who was in charge of the encounter. She quickly turned me over to my back. Grabbing a condom off the nightstand, she wrapped my cock, straddled my lap and impaled herself on me.

I had a perfect view to watch the most physically attractive woman I had ever had sex with fuck the shit out of my cock. When she lowered herself down onto me, I could feel her breasts move across my chest as she rocked back and forth. Her pace was steadily increasing as she came closer to orgasm.

When she climaxed, her pussy spasms were so strong it brought me to orgasm also. She collapsed into my arms for a short while before she was ready to see the others.

“Let’s see who fucking who right now,” she said.

“But all I have is my costume to put back on,” I protested.

“That’s right. You’re new. Well, everyone out there now, is, like, completely naked. I’m sure most everyone has come up and they are fucking in the hall, in the rooms, wherever. Stay with me, I’ll show you around.”

She then took me out to the hall. While I was a little self-conscious about being naked, she was at complete ease. So were the other people walking up and down the hall.

Aimee explained to me that there was the main meeting room was where there were some more drinks and some packaged snacks. One room was usually reserved for all-girl action. She further explained that if a door was closed, it was either not reserved or a closed-swing was going on. If a door was open, like the way she had propped her and her husband’s room door, it meant the room was open and if people were in there, I could join them. The only exception was the all-girl room. Guys could enter, but they had to watch. The action was for just the girls in there.

I noticed that our room was just a few down from Aimee’s and the door was open. But the door next door to hers was also open and she led me in to see what was going on. What I saw was one of the most amazing scenes I had ever seen, at least up to that point in my life. 

There were at least five couples in the room, all in some state of fucking, sucking, kissing, whatever. I had always been turned on by seeing naked people, but ten was something that literally took my breath away.

The effect was the same on Aimee, because she reached over and began to stroke my cock, which was coming back to life. However, the reason for the effect on her, was different than mine.

“See the guy over there with the black hair fucking that blonde by the headboard,” she whispered into my ear as I nodded. “That’s my husband. He’s so fucking hot. That’s how he fucks me.”

Watching all of this had me hard again. I told Aimee I wanted to find Stacey and she what she was up to. She said she would help me since she had watched her husband fuck many women before. However, I moved my hand to her pussy to say thanks and realized she was still turned on by the site of her husband with another woman.

We walked a few more doors down to my room and there I found Stacey on all fours with one cock in her pussy and one in her mouth. Underneath her was another woman, who was playing with my wife’s tits, while she was being fucked by the guy standing at the edge of the bed.

Now, this was the most amazing site I had seen up to this point in my life. Aimee could tell how turned on I was because she cupping my balls and could feel the blood pulsating in my cock.

“Let’s go find some group fun of our own,” she whispered in my ear. I nodded, she grabbed my hand, and lead me out of the room. 

Down the hall, we found another room with at least 10 couples fucking. Aimee led me in, but once in the door, she immediately went over to the bed and joined the action. I was not far behind.

I saw a woman on the bed, on all fours, sucking the cock of a guy standing at the side of the bed. I moved in underneath her, on my back, and began to lick her pussy. She was startled at first, but within a few seconds was grinding her pussy into my face. A few minutes later, I felt a tongue licking my shaft. I glanced down and saw this brunette, who I had no idea what her name was, taking the tip of my cock in her mouth. 

The girl whose pussy I was eating noticed I was not licking anymore and pushed her pussy back down on my face. I could look up and see she was still sucking a cock, I do not know if it was the same one as before. I could feel the flesh of a girl next to me on my right, and I was able to find her tits with my hand and I began to massage her nipples, which were very erect and quite large.

Then, all at once, everyone rearranged themselves. Before I knew it, I had a condom on and was fucking a redhead with small tits missionary style. Another girl was behind me, using her hips to push me into this girl. I could feel her pussy hair on my ass, and her tits on my back. After about five minutes, the girl behind me, pulled me out of the redhead, turned me over to my back and began to fuck me.

This girl was a bobbed blonde with average tits, but could move her hips in the same way Barry Bonds could swing a bat. There was nothing spectacular about her looks, but after all, she was fucking me at that moment, which was not a bad thing.


With her on top, I could look around. I saw Aimee standing bent over by the TV getting fucked. I also saw another 15-20 people in the room in various positions fucking each other.

The blonde continued to fuck me. After a short while, she turned around and continued to ride me reverse cowgirl. She pulled a guy over to stand in front of her to suck his cock while she rode mine. It was not long after that, I had another pussy in my face from another girl who I did not know the name of.

This continued for another 20 or so minutes, until I could feel myself beginning to cum. The blonde felt this also because she pressed her pussy down so hard that our pelvis bones could have been touching. This caused me to explode into the condom. The blonde continued to gyrate her hips until she was sure every last ounce of cum could be expelled from me.

I pulled myself out from under the other girl and made my way over to the door, looking back on the orgy of flesh and sex that was occurring in the room.

As I headed back out into the hallway, I realized I was no longer aware of my nakedness around the other people. I headed down the hall looking to see what Stacey was up to. I stopped at each door, and saw, in most of them, some sex going on. In the all-girl room, there were four women making out on the bed, with at least 6 guys watching with their cocks in their hands.

A few doors down, I found Stacey in her own all-girls room. She was on one of the double-beds with two other women. Stacey was on her back, with a girl between her legs eating her pussy and the other girls passionately kissing her. The girl between my wife’s legs I soon recognized as Katie. 

Soon, the other girl had positioned herself above Stacey and lowered her pussy to Stacey’s mouth, which quickly began eating away. I had never seen Stacey with another woman before. Sure, recently her and Lori had kissed and such, but I do not believe my wife had ever eaten pussy before this moment. Again, I had set a new standard for the most amazing thing I had seen up to this point in my life.

After a few minutes, they rearranged themselves and Stacey was licking her co-worker’s pussy from behind, while Katie completed the train by licking this other girl’s clit.

I had not noticed that I was hard again and stroking my cock, when another girl walked into the room.

“Enjoying the show, I presume,” she asked me, bringing me out of my trance, but not keeping me from playing with myself.

“Yeah,” I managed to reply. “The blonde one is my wife. I’ve never seen her with another woman before.”

“Wow, I can see why you’re playing with yourself. This is pretty damn hot.”

I took a second to assess this brunette girl. She was probably 10-15 pounds overweight. However, she was well-proportioned. Her tits were above average, probably a c-cup because of the weight, but her stomach was completely flat. She seemed to carry most of her excess weight in her ass and upper thighs. She was an attractive girl, but even more so because she was standing next to me, naked and reaching out for my cock.

With her right hand, she took over stroking my cock, while I reached behind her with my left hand and began to play with her pussy.

By this time, Stacey realized I was in the room and gave me a big smile. I returned the smile. It was easy to tell we were both having the times of our lives.

“Scott,” the girl stroking my cock whispered in my ear. I was amazed she remembered my name because I had no idea what her name was. “Why don’t we go over to the other bed? Fuck me doggy-style so we can both watch these three.”

She went over to the bed and got on all fours facing the other bed. I got another condom and put it on. I moved in behind her and entered her. There was no real build up. I began to fuck her as I hard as I could, all the while watching my wife with two other girls.

Since her ass was a little plumper than what I was used to fucking, the slapping sounds of our bodies hitting each other was a lot louder and more of a turn on for me. She told me to fuck her harder and slap her ass. I was more than happy to oblige her.

Stacey, Katie and the other girl continued to change positions and bring each other to orgasm. Stacey kept looking over and watching me fuck this girl, who was having orgasm after orgasm.
