 To catch up read Chapter 1, told by Stacy. She's just turned 18, and continues to stalk her divorced, 28-year-old photographer neighbor, Erik, who's unsure if she's of legal age. It's been a week since their first memorable coupling. He's avoided her since, and she's now so desperately horny for him that she brings along her girlfriend, Maria, to entice him. Erik's working in his home photo studio on Friday night, when he hears knocking at the back door...  

What the hell? Is that a burglar? If somebody's at the back door they've crept around the side of the house and onto the patio! Damn! Should I get my pistol from the bedroom?!

When I switch on the patio light from the kitchen I see it's that cute little mall rat, Stacy, from across the street, and her hot little Latina friend. I knew I shouldn't have fucked that scheming neighbor kid last weekend, regardless of how sweet it was! God, she told me she's 18! I'm in deep shit if she's not! 

"Yeah, Stacy, what is it?" I ask, blocking the doorway. It's a very hot night and I don't want to keep the door open because of the air conditioning. 

She looks up at me from the lower step with her hair drawn back in a bun and, clearly nervous, she links her fingers together and swings her arms back and forth in front of her. Aside from her hard, blossoming little gymnast's body that glows with a sheen of perspiration, she looks no older than 15. "Uuhhh, hi, Erik! Me and Maria wondered if we could, ya' know, come in an' talk." She's wearing a damned micro-miniskirt again – red – and a halter top, this time a white one.

"I'm working, Stacy. I don't really have the time, and besides... ," I start to make an excuse as she interrupts me.

"We could, like, watch you! Whatcha' doin?" she asks.

"Working on some modeling shots I've got to finish for Monday," I respond. 

"Really! Fashion models? Ooh, we'd love ta', ya' know, see how ya' do it!" she gushes, trying to push herself inside.

"It's boring... and, well... okay. But try to keep quiet and stay out of the way," I warn, as the girls slip in the door.

"This is Maria," Stacy says of her friend. "She's my age." Of course, I've seen her smoky little girlfriend before. Maria is Stacy's height of five feet, and smells of cheap perfume. Her hazel eyes look up at me from between long black lashes and she smiles to show sparkling white teeth behind full, tan lips. Like Stacy, she's dressed in a micro-mini – hers is white – and a black, low-cut, Mexican-style blouse that scoops down across the tops of her C-cup breasts, held in place by a black bra, the straps of which are showing. Large gold hoops dangle from her ears, flashing from under thick, wavy black hair that drops over her shoulders. 

"Nice to meet you," she purrs, in a voice that seems to say, "I don't wanna go home." Aside from her perfume, she exudes a slight onion-y odor of perspiration. 

"You girls want a soda?" I ask, checking out Maria's curvy, caramel body. Whew! I think, this one's 18-going-on-28! My prick jumps in my pants as I contemplate her bounteous tan flesh.

"Mmmm, maybe later," Stacy says. "Where ya' workin'?"

"In the studio," I respond, leading them into a bedroom and bath that I've converted into a darkroom loaded with chemical and digital photo processing equipment. Once we're inside, I close the door and the room is dark except for a red safe light and an image of an underwear-clad female model on the computer monitor. "Sit on these stools, if you don't mind," I say, "and I'll show you what I'm doing, okay?" Then I sit down on a swivel chair in front of the screen.

Predictably, Stacy starts asking questions immediately as she sits on one of the two high stools, hers at my right shoulder. "Is this for, like, a fashion magazine or somethin'? Where'd ya' do it?"

"It's for a spread in a newspaper... and I shot the series at the studio in the city," I reply. "The client wanted to use this particular model but, as you can see, she's got a tattoo at the base of her spine. The client doesn't want that shown, so I've got to erase it by changing the pixels – little micro bits on the computer screen – to match the rest of her skin."

"But why?" Stacy asks, "It's such a cool tattoo! Maria has one a lot like it!"

"Stacy!" Maria breaks in, admonishing her girl friend and sighing, a bit embarrassed.

"Is that right?!" I exclaim, and look lecherously to my left, over my shoulder, to – God help me! – glance directly up between the sweaty, parted brown legs of the luscious Latina on her high stool, whose black-pantied crotch seems to call out to me. She looks down at me, parting her lips in a half smile, and without moving to close her legs, places her chin on her hand, elbow-on-knee, and looks back at the computer screen. As I delete, pixel-by-pixel, micro bits of the model's tattoo, I have a sudden urge to walk behind this hot number and pull up her blouse to see her "Tramp Stamp," my cruel shorthand for a woman's lower spinal tattoo. I chuckle to myself as I think of my photographer buddy, Tim, and his name for that popular type of body art: "Trailer Park License Plate." If I were to share my mirth with these two, they probably would be offended, and wouldn't understand my snobbish attitude toward contemporary female fashion.

"Did you fuck her?" Stacy giggles, whispering wetly into my right ear, and stabbing her pink tongue into it.

"Who? The model? No, Stacy! I'm a professional photographer," I assert, as I look around. Like Maria, her micro-mini is drawn up to her crotch, only she's not wearing any panties. Between her pale muscular thighs, her moist pussy lips reflect the soft light of the computer screen and, in addition to perspiration my nose detects raw feminine musk. The estrogen level in the darkroom is like a pervasive fog. For a moment, the memory of my painful divorce returns as I recall my adulterous adventures that caused it... adventures with several female models. 

Stacy moves her stool closer to me and I feel her knee moving up and down my back, just behind my armpit. In a moment her hand is on my shoulder, then slides up to my neck to toy with the hair behind my ear. I can hear her breathe in the silence, interrupted only by the repeated clicking of the keyboard's delete key as I continually work the computer mouse. Then her hand slides under my collar, over my shoulder, and she undoes my shirt, button-by-button, to my sternum, her baby-soft teenage fingers stroking my chest. Regardless of the room's air conditioning, I begin to sweat a bit. My cock swells in my pants and I now hear Maria breathing, softly but deeply. She must be watching her girlfriend turn me on. For comic relief, still clicking away, I mutter, "I'll give you about two hours to stop that, young lady. By the way, do your grandparents know where you are?" I ask, still staring at the model on the monitor, yet wondering how long I can forestall the inevitable.

"They think we're at the multiplex," Stacy says, coyly. "That's why we came to, ya' know, your back door... so they couldn't see us comin' in from across the street!"

"Mmmm, very inventive," I state, and click to save my deletions. I know why these girls are here, and I now take up the gauntlet they've thrown down. I can work later. "Time for a recreational break," I say, as I go to my movie files, downloading a twenty-minute video that features a very strenuous, noisy couple sucking and fucking. The girls gasp as a close up appears of the man's large cock parting the slick lips of the moaning woman's cunt, and withdrawing to pull from her a copious amount of juice. "Now, how did that get on my machine?" I ask, innocently, and turn around in my swivel chair to face Stacy, who's staring at the screen, open-mouthed. She sees me look between her legs and, wordlessly, stands on the foot rail of the stool to raise her tight little gymnast's ass and peel her skirt from under herself. She sits down again at the forward edge of the stool to spread her legs widely and place them over my shoulders.

With a slight pull from her strong calves against my back, she leans backward with her hands on the stool and invites my tongue into her seething center, already dripping with desire. "Oooohhh... Erik," she moans in her high little voice. "You eat me so gooood," she whines. Her taut, muscular thighs – glowing with sweat – tremble in my hands as I probe into her with my tongue, gulping down her nectar that bathes my face. I hear a rustling to my right, and sense that Maria is undressing as I bore into Stacy's cunt, locking my lips around it to suck her juices down. I'm right about Maria, and groan in my throat as the stunning little Latina tiptoes naked behind Stacy and unties her friend's halter top, removing it, then reaches around to fondle and stroke the petite gymnast's firm B-cup breasts. As she rolls Stacy's nipples between thumbs and forefingers, the little neighbor girl begins to chant, "Ohh... ohh... ohh... ohh... ohh," and thrusts her vulva up to my tongue, which is questing to bring her to a quick, clitoral orgasm. 

I realize with glee that I'm spoiled. Any man would appreciate the magnificent clasping snugness of Stacy's luscious insides, yet I hunger to see Maria's Mexican beauty, then feel her moist, gleaming skin, then eat her, then – finally – fuck her into oblivion. If I have one fetish, it's succulent teenage girls, and I know that I'll never tire of nailing them. 

Stacy now ignores the porno movie playing itself out on the screen, but Maria is captivated by it. As she kneads the flesh of her little friend's white tits, she's rubbing her hairy vulva against the back edge of the stool's seat; no, it's against Stacy's knuckles as her hands grip it. Her long, wavy black hair cascades down over her shoulders to caress those of her friend in the dim light, flickering as the moaning couple fucking on the screen begin to approach an orgasm. We three, also, are noisy in our own way. Stacy is gasping and crying out incessantly, with closed eyes, and bouncing her pelvis against my lips. Maria is keening nonstop in a soft, sensuous, wail as she pushes her vulva against her friend's fingers and grasps at her tits. I, of course, sound like a buffalo, snorting and rooting away with my tongue at Stacy's quivering cunt. 

Finally, Stacy's hips freeze in midair, and she climaxes, calling out my name time after time. Maria then arches her back and flings back her head to reveal her flawless neck, its jugular pulsing under the skin, and wails, "Aaaaaaahhhhhh," as a masturbatory orgasm grips her. I reach around Stacy to grab the Latina around her perfectly round ass and sandwich them both together, feeling their little teenage bodies tremble and squirm through their spasmodic joy. As punctuation, the couple on the screen erupts into a simultaneous climax, with the man hosing down the face and gaping mouth of his partner with a torrent of thick cum. The girls watch through slitted eyes, embracing and leaning against one another. I sit back, content that they've both gotten off to a good start, yet with a painful erection I want to continue. 

In mock anger I say, "Stacy, I told you that you could watch me work... as long as you kept quiet! You've been awfully noisy! As punishment, go into my bedroom and bring that tube of stuff from my nightstand!"

She takes me seriously and, cowed, slips out of the room, allowing me to get at Maria. I sit the Mexican girl on the high stool and walk between her legs, which she raises as she looks submissively up into my eyes, allowing me to run my fingers up her sopping slit. I squeeze her swollen pussy lips between my fingers and lean down to kiss her, causing her to throw her arms around my neck and stab her tongue into my mouth, growling like a feral animal deeply in her throat. Stacy arrives with the lube, closes the door to our dark sanctuary – lit only by my red safe light and dim computer screen – and helps me slip out of my shirt as Maria's trembling hands wrestle with my belt, the top button and fly of my pants. I pull off Stacy's skirt, leaving them both unclothed, and soon I'm naked, a lecherous guy of 28 intent on fucking two girls ten years or more his junior. If they're not 18, I hope inwardly, that prior to sentencing me the Judge will understand how incredibly difficult it's been to fight off these two luscious, conniving female temptresses on this hot night. 

I stand and pull them both to me. Both are so short they barely reach my shoulders, so to kiss them I have to lean down uncomfortably to do so. But they have other ideas. Both begin by covering my chest – then my entire torso – with wet, sloppy kisses, nibbling at my flesh until my knees feel weak, then dropping slowly to their knees. My cock seems immense, hungering as it is to probe into – to bone, to fuck – these child-women, and they share the instrument among themselves. Their mouths and tongues cover my entire groin, from my perineum – my taint – forward to lave my balls and the entirety of my prick. Stacy mouths me while Maria licks behind my balls, then Stacy moves behind me to lick my rectum. Thank God I showered when I got home, I think, as her slim little tongue parts my anus gently, then proceeds to screw in and out. Maria looks up at me and opens her large mouth widely, bathing my glans with her hot breath without making contact. 

She then closes her velvety chamber around me and slides... slowly... to my belly, until her nose nestles in my pubic hair. I moan loudly, shaking my head back and forth as, amazingly, her teenage throat accepts my entire eight-inch offering. This is no amateur! I think to myself, as the girl cycles forward and backward, absolutely scorching my rod with her sublimely hot oral cavity. She mewls on the outstroke, then swallows me time after time until – with Stacy's anal probing – I'm afraid I'll cum prematurely. The entire picture is like a scene from Sodom and Gomorrah, lit as it is only by my soft, red darkroom safe light and computer screen saver. Maria's mouth makes me cry out again, but the neighbor kid comes to the rescue. 

"I get him first, Maria!" she cries, scrambling out from behind me to grab my cock. Maria defers to her, moans disappointedly and pulls off me, and both girls then draw me to the floor on my back. "S'okay, Erik, she's on the pill too!" Stacy assures me, practical little tramp that she is. Then she tries to push my cock head into her incredibly tight pussy, forcing herself down on me until she gasps in pain. "Ohhh, Erik, pleeze... can you help me, like on Saturday?" she asks, making me feel a bit sorry for her. Part of her initial zeal is because she wants to show her more voluptuous girlfriend that I'm hers... and that she's fully capable of handling me. Though she's failed in that, I raise up her hard little saddle with both hands, then lower her a bit, moving my butt so my cock stirs in her, and she gasps with pleasure. 

"Ohh... yeah... that's it," she says, as I repeat the move many times. Finally, her hot, velvet tightness encloses me until I'm at her cervix, and she begins to move up, down and around easily. "Ohh, Maria... he's so good... so biiiig!" she says to her friend, who's watching us fuse while plunging three fingers into herself with intense concentration. I reach over to Maria's silken hip, and draw her to me, inviting her to straddle my face in Stacy's direction. I catch a brief glimpse of her "Tramp Stamp" as she nestles her soft thighs around my cheeks, and I plunge my tongue up into her as she lets loose a glob of thick goo. I delight in the fact that apparently she's not cleaned herself... not bathed or showered... this day. Her hairy batch reeks of sweat and female musk as she gives me a full dose of her tangy womanly sap. This body isn't that of a girl, I think to myself, regardless of her tender age. 

My hands are full of Maria's flesh. Her soft sweaty thighs, hips and breasts fill my palms and grasping fingers and my ministrations cause her to moan deeply, in that low, sensuous alto voice. All the while, Stacy is milking at my cock frantically with her clasping gymnast's vagina... up and down... up and down... up and down. They both moan now, and their noise is punctuated with slick lapping sounds as their tongues probe one another's mouths, showing unselfish grace as they share me, their lecherous, teen-obsessed lover. I've tried to understand the thinking behind laws against fucking girls under 18. Why is it really illegal? I wonder, selfishly. I conclude that the statutes were probably enacted by men who really wanted to fuck 'em, yet were rejected by the little Lolitas, more than once. 

As each of them drools into the other's mouth, the girls pant, gasp, mewl and moan, and I feel their fingers flying across their clits as their respective thighs begin to tremble... quiver... palpitate, indicating a mutual rise to orgasm. I'm fascinated by these young chicks – such experienced little sluts – with perceptions of the world barely above those of two children. Cynically, I think, I won't want to see them in a few years. They'll probably be pregnant, perhaps obese, likely burdened with abusive husbands with IQs hovering close to room temperature, with several pre-delinquent children, perhaps a few who are illegitimate. Their tits will probably have sagged from having whelped their respective accidental broods. Possibly by then, I think, egotistically, they'll look back on these moments as high points in their development... a time when they could just fuck, without worry or apparent entanglements, and without wondering how to pay the bills. Thinking of Stacy's drug-addicted mother, who fucked me silly just days after I'd moved into this house, I marvel at how behavioral cycles tend to repeat themselves, generation after generation, among the subdued lower strata of the American majority.

They both cum simultaneously, Stacy in high screams, Maria in low, drawn-out wails. Their bodies twitch and hammer at me ceaselessly, wringing peals of pleasure from their lungs as their hormones push their lovely little bodies – safe from pregnancy through chemistry – to the maximum. I delight in the fact that I'm physically and experientially conditioned for the long haul. I hope that Stacy has told her grandparents that she was planning to see two movies at the theatre. 

They collapse in a heap to one side of me, mewling softly and kissing, until I raise to my knees, my cock steel-like and poised, ready to plunder. I move the head of it closely to Maria's lips, which she opens immediately with a soft "aaangh," and I enter her mouth. She takes me deeply, and I realize again that she'll throat me. So, I move above her head and she cranes her neck back to straighten her throat so that I can plumb her in a direct line. As my substantial girth slides past her tonsils, her wet esophagus makes a hacking sound like ghllk. "Ghllk... ghllk... ghllk, ghllk," she utters, as my hips drive my rod into her throat. Her hands caress my thighs as I move forward and backward slowly, and the sight and sound – the mere idea – of what I'm doing makes me want to fill her mouth with cum. But, no, I resolve. I want to plant my first load in her belly. I pull from her mouth and she moans, distracted, and I flip her over and pull her up to her hands and knees. For the first time I see straight on the tattoo at the base of her spine. It's an oval ring of interlocked deer horns... a decidedly vulgar talisman to see on one so young. Hmmm, "Ass Antlers," I think to myself. Perhaps they'll be more fitting when she's a horny grandmother, I think, sardonically. But, that's hardly my concern. 

As I move behind her, between her soft, spread calves, Maria thrusts her caramel butt up at me and swallows my entire cock with her cunt. She's tight, but is very yielding and unbelievably wet... the opposite of Stacy in muscularity. I swear that she must be hollow, as I thrust deeply into her, slapping my hips against her sweaty butt, and she begins a low moan that grows in intensity and volume. Stacy watches us couple as Maria begins thrusting back against me, twisting her head from side to side and thrashing her wavy black hair forward, then back over her shoulders, as she fucks back at me furiously as only the most experienced women have. And she moans like few women I've known as well. To assist her, I gasp, "Stacy, lick her clit!" and the lithe little gymnast inches her way under her friend to lap at Maria's clitoris, causing her moaning to break into little staccato grunts. 
