 Frank's pride as an experienced swinger demanded action. This little woman was displaying a confidence that thrilled him and a hunger that aroused him. "That's exactly what you're going to do you little slut. You're going to cum and cum and my big cock is going to pound your cunt right through this fucking floor."

Holding the young woman's body firmly to his, still bottomed out on his long cock, Frank managed to drop to his knees without falling over or breaking anything. He laid her down on the thick-padded carpet, kissing her quickly but deeply. Then he sat back slightly and surveyed the sight before him. Stacy's hair was in disarray and her eyes were wide and intent. There was a hint of challenge in her smirk.

Even laying on her back, Stacy's modest breasts stood proud, their tips swollen with arousal. Below, Frank saw his own thick cock protruding from her light brown bush. Through it, her deep pink pussy lips were plainly visible, open wide around his meat. Both he and Stacy could feel his cock jerk and throb in arousal.

Stacy was impatient and Frank was taking too long to appreciate her charms. "I hope that big cock of yours of good for something besides just sitting there." She squeezed his meat with her internal muscles, once again surprising the swinger. Her pussy had a powerful grip that promised to milk him for everything he was worth.

"I'll show you what a big fat cock is good for" he answered, allowing a little anger to enter his voice and also drive his actions. This little cunt wanted to challenge him? He'd show her a thing or two.

He pushed her legs back toward her shoulders and pinned them back there as he placed his hands to either side of her head. He slowly pulled his meat from her depths. He went far enough that his head actually popped out of her hole but he left it nestled against the entrance. Then he plunged back into her depths, burying himself all the way. God she was tight. And wet and pliable and deep and eager and welcoming. Their groins slapped together. He pulled out again and repeated the process.

"Now we're talking," Stacy exclaimed, her voice breaking once as Frank hit bottom again. She saw the swinger looking down at her body as he fucker her. She grabbed at her own tits, squeezing them into taller peeks and pointing them at Frank. "God I'm so fucking horny. Make me cum. You gott'a make me cum or I'll just go nuts."

It was at about that time that Betty and Jared arrived at the scene. Jared led the now-nude, curvaceous woman over to the other pair and laid her down beside his wife. Eyes intent on the coupling duo, he spread Betty's thick thighs wide, echoing his wife's position. He exchanged a happy, horny glance with Betty and plunged his cock into her.

In his swinging days, Jared had been best known for his staying power. But the women he serviced also appreciated other qualities he brought to the party. Aside from being friendly and attentive to their needs, his cock was exceedingly pleasing. He wasn't the largest guy around... his cock was just a little over seven inches long which was more than adequate but not what could be called huge. And his shaft was probably a bit on the thin side. However, Jared's cock head swelled enormously out from his shaft, seemingly two sizes too big. Aside from bringing a little extra stretching action to a woman's nether lips, the dramatically raised ridge his large head sported rippled along their channels in unusual and pleasing ways.

Betty cried out in joy as he plunged into her. "Welcome back Jared!"

For several long minutes, grunts and wet squelches and the slap of colliding bodies were the only sounds in the room. Both men fucked the women steadily. Stacy had been primed by the orgasm she experienced at the hands of Betty while the older woman had been deeply aroused by the performance of the younger woman. Their powerful, experienced lovers were driving each toward climax.

Stacy's hot, wet vice was also working its magic on Frank. Her powerful muscles milked his big piece of meat in a way that made his own climb to orgasm impossible to resist.

Frank changed tactics. He let her legs fall down to her sides. Keeping the head of his cock lodged in her sex, he stepped each leg to the outside of hers and then coaxed her legs together. Her thighs squeezed together around his manhood. He shifted his body forward, pressing his shaft against the bead of her clit. He pushed deeply into her once again, sawing his dick against her little bundle of joy. "Oh fuck, guy. You've got me stretched so good. That's right, work my clit." Stacy wrapped her arms around him and screamed into his face. "Make me cum god damn it!"

Frank withdrew part way and then pounded himself back into the young woman. Where his strokes were forceful before, they became violent now. He repeated the pounding lunges over and over again. "God damn horny little bitch, you're really going to get it now."

Jared was being driven wild by his wife's performance. This was to Betty's benefit. Unlike Frank, who now had his wife pressed flat on the floor, Jared was pushing Betty farther and farther back on her neck. He was forced to rise to his feet as he continued pounding the older slut's sopping pussy. With each impact of their bodies, a fine spray of her fluids splashed down onto her. Jared's hands were locked in a death grip on her meaty thighs.

Betty was on the verge orgasm and Jared knew it. His right hand released her thigh and reached down to where her massive tits were hanging into her face. He slapped one bag of sensitive flesh twice and then a third time. Each slap connected broadly with his entire hand, cracking out loudly. He buried his cock deeply into her cunt, pressing his groin against hers. He stirred her depths with his iron-hard rod. The fingers of his right hand latched onto a nipple and pulled.

Betty went over the edge abruptly, her orgasm sending shivering convulsions through her body. She only had a chance to shout "Oh Fuck!" before she lost the ability to speak. Jared had to fight her body as it attempted to stiffen, threatening to push him away. As her cunt spasms milked his cock, he pounded her hard several more times, driving her through her orgasm.

Her husband's performance and the uninhibited cries of the woman he was fucking drove Stacy over the edge of her own climax. She snarled and her pussy clamped down on Frank's cock with more strength than her body should be able to produce. As a strange, strangled sort of sound slipped out of the older man's lips, Stacy shouted at him, "Oh god damn it yes. Oh fuck, I'm cumming."

Betty came down from her orgasm and Jared took a moment to rest, letting her ass fall back down to the carpet and then stretching out across her body, his hard cock still clasped in the embrace of her cunt. They both had time to stare at the climactic events taking place next to them.

While her pussy convulsed and milked its welcome intruder, the rest of Stacy's climaxing body had a mind of its own. As Frank continued to fuck the young slut through her orgasm, Stacy's arms wrapped around his body. Still in the throes of climax, perhaps given strength by those rampaging hormones, she forced Frank's legs apart as she spread her own. Then, she heaved the big man off her body, rolling with him as he fell onto his back.

With his hotly throbbing cock still in the grip of her cunt, Stacy somehow got her legs clear of his and she straddled his sweating body. "You're going to make me cum again you bastard. Your fantastic cock is going to make be fucking cum again!"

Stacy began riding the swinger. Unsatisfied with the movement available to her from a kneeling position, she stood, briefly releasing Frank's tortured shaft. It was red and throbbing, glistening with her juices. She squatted, balancing briefly with one hand on his chest as she grabbed his member with the other and pointed it at her open, dripping hole. "YES!" she screamed as she impaled herself on his shaft once more, her ass slapping loudly against his thighs. She immediately bounced back up, riding his cock like a pogo stick.

Using both hands now for balance, her calves and thighs flexing and straining, Stacy proceeded to pound the man every bit as violently as he had fucked her. She was using every ounce of her weight and strength as she churned her pussy on his stick.

Betty and Jared were hypnotized by the spectacle. They lay in each other's arms, bodies still and his cock throbbing in her depths. The visuals they were soaking in were nearly as stimulating as any gymnastics they might spend the time performing themselves.

Frank was hanging on by a fingernail. He'd been with women with strong streaks of domination but they had always been about control. Their demands were for obedience. He'd been with women that were enthusiastic and fit and eager. But Stacy was something else. The demands she was making of him clearly stemmed from a single thing... the desire to be fucked. For Stacy, it was *all* about the sex. Cock in pussy.

Stacy was becoming hyper-stimulated. Her latest orgasm had still been throbbing through her body as she re-mounted Frank and she was trying to push herself straight into her next. She could tell that Frank was becoming overwhelmed. His big cock felt great and some part of her knew that the performance she had been putting on would have had most men creaming long ago. But right then, that didn't matter. Frank was about to shoot his wad, damn it, and Stacy needed to get another orgasm out of him.

She pulled one hand away from his chest and attacked her clit, rubbing it forcefully. "God damn it, you need to make me cum! Grab my tits, fuck my cunt and make me cum. Then you can fucking shoot and fill me up."

Frank grabbed the mad woman's tits. Fuck the gentle stuff. He squeezed them hard. With one hand, he mauled the meat of one tit while the fingers of his other hand grabbed at a nipple. He twisted, having just enough presence of mind to not squeeze hard enough to actually bruise her... probably.

Stacy came. She let out a long, guttural scream, flinging her arms outward as her body tensed, Frank's grip on her tits holding her upright. Her tightening pussy milked Frank's cock and pulled him along with her. As she trembled stiffly and toppled forward across his chest, Frank sent bolt after bolt of white lightning deep into her cavern. She felt each surge of his cock and in response her pussy would answer with a crushing squeeze. Each such squeeze held Frank's next bolt back for a fraction of a second, guaranteeing that each struck with maximum pent-up force. The effect was mind-blowing for both.

Long minutes passed. Stacy lay across Frank's chest, covered in sweat and panting deeply. As her orgasm, her third of the night, slowly faded she could feel gentle spasms in her pussy still trying to milk his slowly softening member. Frank was gasping for air, effectively out of the game for the foreseeable future.

Betty's own pussy was bubbling with anticipation. Jared had yet to cum and was still hard in her. Betty had needed the rest; her pussy became over-sensitive after orgasm and she couldn't tolerate much stimulation. Unlike the young woman that had just fucked Frank into the ground, she couldn't go charging from one climax to the next. A cool-down time was good for her... but she had gotten that and now was fully primed for another round with Jared's hard cock.

She pulled Jared's head down to hears and kissed him gently, almost chastely on the lips. Then, in a false stage whisper, she told him "I'll have what she's having".

Jared's shoulders shook briefly with laughter. Betty felt his cock move and swell just a fraction as his attention returned to the woman he was fucking. He slowly withdrew himself from her, his rod flipping upward as it sprang free. He knelt between her legs as she steepled her knees to open herself widely for him. For a moment or two, he explored her sex with one hand. Her thick, black beaver was matted with perspiration and other fluids. At the top of her cleft, her clitoris stood prominently, wrapped in its hood like a feather boa. While his eyes focused on that ultimate center of female arousal, he let two and then three fingers find their way into her hot hole. The wet mouth of Betty's pussy swallowed his fingers, seeming to suck them in. He smiled as he felt her muscles contract to grip the intruders. He let his fingers gently play with her inner chamber and then lightly brushed her clit with his thumb. A soft groan of desire and contentment escaped her mouth.

Jared pulled his hand away and settled into position, his thighs pressed against hers, his cock laying along her slit, pointing out over her clit. Then he playfully stroked her outer folds with the head of his dick before seating it in her hole and sliding gently back in to her waiting cavern. To all outwards appearances, he had forgotten that his wife was lying across another man at his side.

Stacy had forgotten nothing. She had cum twice on Frank's big dick and they had been fabulous. Under normal circumstances, a performance like that had a chance of sating her appetite for a time. But having her husband next to her pleasuring another woman was just too arousing. She was still hungry for more and had decided how she was going to get it.

As her husband slid into Betty, Stacy pulled herself off Frank's soft but still sizable cock and stood above him. "Jared, wait a second." The pair both looked at Stacy questioningly.

Stacy was staring down at Frank, her expression hard to read. One hand gently felt her left breast, still tender from Frank's rough handling. Her other hand lightly cupped her beaver. A gentle, sly smile crossed her face as two fingers entered her folds and came away with a load of cunt juice and jizz. She brought the fingers to her mouth, examined them briefly and then licked them. She quickly cleaned her fingers with tongue and lips as if she had just eaten fried chicken. Then, in a casual, playful voice she asked, "Are you hungry, Betty?"

"Bring that nasty cunt over her, girl. There aren't many things that taste better than a well fucked pussy."