 Chapter 3

A month later, Stacy's rent was soon due again and her situation hadn't improved. Granted she had some left over from the porn shoot but it wasn't enough to make rent, and she was unsuccessful in finding a new boyfriend that would help her out with money issues.

"Well I know they would be pleased as punch if you came in and did another session. I mean if those three guys hear you are coming back they would fight for the gig, from what I've heard," Gina said as they talked about Stacy's options.

"Oh really? So tell me what you have heard," Stacy asked.

"Well I was just talking with Mekala the other day and she said they still talk about you and have told all the other guys how incredible you were. I guess the responses on the net for your scene and the downloads have been amazing as well and everyone wants to see more Stacy. I think Mekala was a little jealous you stole some of her glory. I keep telling them you don't want to come back but they want me to keep trying. They stand to make a lot of money if you return for another one and are willing to pay you good if you do," Gina continued.

"I just wanted it to be a one time thing; I mean I don't want to become a porn star I just needed the money, it's not like I want to do it for a living?" Stacy explained.

"I know, but you need the money again sweetie so what's the problem?"

"Gina, I totally disconnected myself from reality just to get through that, I was sore for a week after for fuck sakes and you want me to just act like it was nothing? What is in this for you? A fucking bonus if you get me to come back?" Stacy screamed. 

She was all fired up and pissed off. It seemed almost weekly that Gina would bug her about doing another scene and it had gotten even worse now that rent was almost due again. Stacy didn't know what to do she was getting to the point of thinking she had only two options, get evicted or get fucked hard again.

"Now just settle down Stacy I'm trying to help you here so think it over I've got to go they are expecting me."

Stacy watched her leave and went and fell on her bed. She looked at her dresser and saw her copy of her scene they gave her. She still hadn't even watched it, and didn't know what the big deal was anyway.

"Well what the hell lets see what everyone is so excited about," she said out loud.

She opened the case and stuck the DVD into her player and sat back down on her bed with her remote. The name of the web site came up and then her name flashed on the screen and there she was walking threw the door she remembered. She watched herself and couldn't believe it was her doing those things. She got all turned on watching it and felt her pussy getting wet and her nipples harden sending chills through her body.

Without thinking she rubbed the remote between her legs and pressed it hard on her clit up and down. The action on the TV just go more and more crazy and she couldn't take her eyes off what she was doing on screen. The guys cocks looked so good and seeing herself sucking them for the first time turned her on. She was impressed with how good she sucked cock.

"Fuck this is hot," she said to herself.

The remote wasn't doing it for her and she dropped it on the bed and put her hands down the front of her skirt and started rubbing her clit through her panties. She was really wet and kept watching herself sucking the boy's cocks. A couple of minutes later and she needed more than hands. She looked around and remembered that her ass boyfriend had taken all the toys with him when he left her. Pausing the DVD she got up and went into Gina's room and found her cache of adult toys and found a long rubber dong with a handle and went back into her room. Closing the door she locked it and started to take off her clothes. Once naked she jumped back on the bed and hit play again.

She watched as Jason started fucking her for the first time and just when he put his dick in her on screen she pressed the toy in as well and arched her back and slowly started to fuck her wet pussy with the cold rubber toy. It heated up quick and her other hand was rubbing and squeezing her tits. She kept her eyes on the screen and fucked herself at the same speed as Jason was going on the TV. Her hand would alternate between her tits and her engorged clit. After a few minutes she started to orgasm from the clit play and the hot action on the screen.

She was awed with how good she looked on screen and how she was acting, she was quickly realizing why everyone was making such a big fuss about her. The longer the DVD went the more she saw it; she was so horny and turned on watching herself get double fucked and sucking cocks that she slid the toy lower. She slid the slick cum covered shaft up her ass and proceeded to fuck her own bum while rapidly playing with her clit. She was moaning off and on screen at the same time in almost a harmonic blend or passion. She got herself off with the toy in her ass and her hand on her clit about the same time as she came on screen.

She was panting and her nipples were rock hard with her tits covered with a thin layer of sweat. She pulled the toy out of her ass and ran it up her body over her clit and stomach to her tits and played with the tip on her nipples and then sucked the end into her mouth tasting her ass and pussy. She was overly stimulated and rocked back and forth on the bed rubbing her body all over as she came off her climax.

She had closed her eyes during the most intense part of her orgasm and now remembering the DVD was still playing, she opened them just in time to see Tim start putting his enormous cock into her ass for the first time. She remembered how tight it was and how bad it hurt, but on screen it was the hottest thing she has ever seen. It was so big she just sat there and stared at the screen in disbelief that she had done that.

The director had edited some at this point because she remembered a much longer time before she screamed out, "What are you waiting for...Fuck me! Fuck my ass!" to Tim because he was not moving. She was shocked at herself for what she had just said on TV and then after that it got really crazy when Tim started to fuck her ass with that huge cock of his. The toy found her pussy again and she rammed it home fast and furious. Flipping over on her tummy she rose up on her knees and held the toy with her hand behind her pushing it in and pulling it out as she watched her ass get stretched beyond belief on screen.

She pulled it out of her pussy and slid it up and penetrated her ass again and after a few thrust returned it to her pussy and kept doing it back and forth between both her holes. She left it in her tight ass and reached under to rub her clit while clenching her ass muscles holding the long toy up her ass. She felt her muscles grabbing at the shaft and was going crazy on her clit just like she watched on screen.

She was about to cum again when she heard someone come in her apartment door. She didn't know who it could be but knew they were going to be able to hear what was going on in her room because she had the volume turned up quite loud and she was moaning as well. She quickly let go of her clit and found the remote tying to find the pause button. The toy slid out of her wet ass and fell to her bed and she made a mess of the remote with her cum covered hands, quickly finding pause.

"Stacy? I forgot my purse why is the door locked and what was that noise," Gina said giggling the doorknob oh Stacy's bedroom.

Stacy hesitated trying to think of something to say.

"It sounded like you were getting it on big time in there. Open the door.... what the hell?...are you okay?" Gina continued.

"I'm fine, just kind of occupied right now," Stacy explained.

"It's just me so open up," Gina said.

A few seconds later Stacy opened her door and let Gina in. She didn't bother getting dressed or hiding the toy so when she opened the door Gina saw her naked hard body and the smell of sex hit her hard.

"Oh well hello....you were having a good time in here I see," Gina said walking in.

She saw the wet toy on the bed and then turned to look at the TV which had a paused picture of a close up shot of Tim's monster cock half way in Stacy's ass.

"It's about time you watched that. I told you it was hot shit. And I see you borrowed one of my toys," Gina said laughing.

"Ya well, fuck face took all of mine with him while I was working. And you were right my DVD is really hot, I can't believe I did all this....it got me so turned on I had to play." She said folding her arms under her naked breasts.

"See I told you, and you wondered why everyone wants you back," Gina said.

Gina saw a little glimpse or yearning in Stacy's eyes and thought she might just be able to get her to do it again. Stacy was horny as hell from the DVD and not having sex since her scene made matters worse so she was aching for some good cock.

"So what do you say? Do you want to come with me? You'll shock the shit out of everyone if you show up," Gina proposed.

Stacy hesitated, looked at the TV screen and said, "Shit! Let's go before I change my mind."

She quickly dressed and Gina remembered her purse this time and they headed out to the car.

Chapter 4

They pulled up to the building and before Stacy got out Gina stopped her to talk.

"Okay they are obviously not expecting you, I'm supposed to do another scene right now, and I'm actually kinda late. Maybe the director will let you join me and we can do it together,"

Gina knew that Stacy wasn't on the schedule to fuck today and if she didn't work something out for Stacy today, while she was so horny, then she would probably not come back. She was hoping they would just let her bring her on in the same scene and they would work out the money and details later.

"That sounds good it will be fun with you with me as well," Stacy said and they hopped out and went in.

Gina went in first and Mekala wasn't working the desk today. Another hot blond was and looked up when the door opened.

"Hi Gina, you're late they just called up here to see if you were here yet," the blond said.

From behind Gina came Stacy and when the blond saw her, her eyes got big.

"I know I'm late but I think they will forgive me," Gina said looking back at Stacy. "Kim this is Stacy, Stacy, Kim."

"Oh my shit, I've heard so much about you and you're scene was incredible it's a pleasure to finally meet you," Kim said excited. "Everyone is going to freak out," she said under her breath but Stacy heard most of it.

"Hi Kim...Thanks for the compliment, it's nice to meet you as well," Stacy returned.

Kim just smiled and stared at Stacy and forgot she was working.

"Umm Kim, what room am I in today?" Gina asked.

"Oh sorry, let's see.....Room 5," she said after typing on the computer in front of her.

"Great thanks, I'm going to bring Stacy with me, by the way where's Mekala?"

"Oh she's filling in for a girl that was a no show, she's back in room 4 getting done just like she likes it." Kim said laughing.

"Right of course she is," Gina returned.

Stacy followed Gina back and they stopped at room 4 to watch Mekala before crossing the hall into five. Stacy looked through the small window and saw a familiar scene. Mekala was taking on 4 guys, two of them were fucking her in the ass and pussy and she was taking turns sucking the other guys standing to both sides of her. She was sandwiched good and they were pounding the hell out of her. Stacy could hear her moaning unintelligibly with a cock in her mouth but it was loud and she seemed to like what they were doing.

One of the guys Mekala was sucking was Billy, who she had fucked the first time she came, she didn't recognize any of the others but Billy looked good. Both her and Gina watched for a few minutes until they heard a voice behind them.

"Stacy is that you?"

Stacy and Gina turned around and Tim was standing in the hall with door five propped open.  

"Ya it's me, how are you Tim," Stacy answered. 

"I'm fucking fabulous now," he said. "We were just expecting Gina but please join us."

Stacy walked by him into the room that looked identical to all the others, it was like a trademark thing for the web site. Gina followed her and Tim gave Gina the thumbs up as she walked by and a huge grin. Gina smiled back and winked at him.

"Dudes look whose back," Tim yelled as he closed the door behind them.

Four guys lifted their heads and saw Stacy standing in the room and Gina walk up next to her. The director had heard him yell as well and came out of the booth in the back. Huge smile erupted on the four guy's when they saw Stacy and they all stood up off the couch and walked over as the director joined them.

"Stacy welcome back, we are overjoyed to see you," the director said.

"Thanks everyone for such a nice welcome, Gina said it might be okay if I join you all today."

"Hell yes its okay you are welcome any time," the director said.

It was the same guy as last time and she didn't recognize any of the other men other than Tim but the four in front of her were handsome enough. Tim came forward and started to introduce all of them to her.

"I've told all these guys about you, and they watched your scene and are huge fans. This is Tom, Eric, Dan, and the little guy is Brad." Tim said.

"It's nice to meet all of you," Stacy said and shook all of their hands.

Tom, Eric and Dan only varied in height maybe an inch but Brad was considerably shorter but was the best looking. None of them were heavy or in incredible shape just average guys. Eric had the biggest hand when she shook it and she thought she might have to worry about him but with Tim here again she knew she was in for another sore week regardless.

While she was being introduced the director had taken Gina aside and was talking with her.

"How did you do it?" he asked excitedly.

"She finally watched her DVD and I found her fucking herself just 15 minutes ago so I took advantage of the situation and got her to join me." Gina explained.

"Fucking great, you came through big time Gina and you will get what I promised you."

"Ya about that Robert, Stacy can't know about the money for me to get her back here. She already suspects somehow and she will be pissed big time so keep that quiet."

"Cool cool it's all good I'm just glad you pulled it off," he turned away from her and called out to everyone, "okay people were running late so gather around and we'll get started. Since Stacy is joining us now were going to change things up obviously and go by instinct now. Stacy here is a born natural so she'll be fine. Why don't we start out with the guys around the couch watching Gina and Stacy getting friendly with each other, and work from there. Any questions?"

Gina shot Stacy a look, she knew that Stacy had never been with a girl before and didn't know what she was going to think. The guys all nodded their heads and walked towards the couch and Gina went to Stacy's side.

"You okay with this sweetie?" Gina asked.

"Wow I guess it didn't cross my mind that we would be doing each other I though we'd just be doing the guys."

"Do you want me to say something to Bob and have him change it?"

"I don't know.....No I'll be okay lets just see what happens I mean I'm sure the guys are going to join us quick anyway."

"Okay and I'm sure you are right." Gina said.

They both walked over and sat down on the couch surrounded by the five men. There were of course the sound and camera guys there as well and they were giddy as hell. Stacy also saw a couple of fluffer girls hanging out in the booth incase they were needed. Everyone was still fully clothed and as Bob said action, Stacy just sat there on the couch and it was Gina that made the first move. She put her hand on Stacy's bare knee and ran her hand up over her skirt and arm and started rubbing her body trying to relax her. She put her mouth to Stacy's ear and whispered.

"Just close your eyes and enjoy it."

Stacy did just that and leaned back against the couch as she felt Gina's hand run over her left breast. She hadn't bothered putting her bra on before she left and she felt her nipple press out on the cotton shirt. Gina found her right breast and Stacy started to moan as Gina grabbed it and squeezed pushing it up. She could hear the guys getting rowdy around the couch and heard a few zippers come down as well. Gina took Stacy by surprise and engulfed her left erect nipple in her wet mouth and soaked the shirt in between. Stacy cried out in surprise and pleasure and the sensation sent a jolt down to her moistening pussy.

Stacy felt more hands on her and she realized one of the guys from behind the couch was trying to help her out of her shirt. She raised her hands and let him pull it off over her head and then Gina swallow up her breast again and then the right one as well. Gina moved her hand under Stacy's skirt and found her wet panties and rubbed her folds and pressed on the small mound where her clit was trying to push out. Stacy moaned loud again and pressed her hips into Gina's hand. Some one tugged on her skirt and the force pulled her ass almost off the couch and had moved her to where she was almost lying down. Her skirt was gone and Gina pulled up on her panties forcing the thin material up into her crack and folds of her snatch. She loved it and still hadn't opened her eyes.

Her panties disappeared next and she was naked beside her high heels and Gina pushed her over so she was lying on the couch with her head on the arm rest. A second later she felt Gina's long hair on her legs and then sweet bliss as Gina's tongue found her pussy and unfolded her labia to flick her erect nub. Stacy reached out and grabbed the back of Gina's head and shoved her down into her crotch smashing her chin into her vagina, with a scream of delight.

Tim and Eric helped Gina out of her clothes while she ate Stacy and Tom and Dan already had their cocks out through their fly's and were stroking them slowly. They had average cocks probably only 5 or 6 inches and both of them were circumcised. Stacy finally opened her eyes when Gina stopped eating her suddenly and she looked up to find her naked. She also saw Tom and Dan working their cocks over and she smiled and decided she needed to return the favor to Gina.

She had never eaten another woman but she knew the basic idea from what guys have done to her and she knew what she liked. Gina laid back and Stacy licked her entire left leg from ankle on up to her moist snatch. Then using her fingers and tongue she fingered her pussy and licked Gina's clit slow and then steadily faster until she had her arching her back in pleasure.

Looking up while she was doing this she saw Tim and Eric groping Gina's huge breasts and pulling hard on the nipples engorging them with blood. Stacy's ass was in the air and she was on her knees bent over eating Gina and she kind of wondered why it took so long but finally she felt hands on her ass and back and then lastly her moist pussy and anus. She didn't know who it was but it felt great. She totally ignored the cameras and just fell into the scene and ate her first pussy with gusto.

She must have been doing a good job because she felt Gina stiffen up and her pussy kind of quivered and she felt her fingers get slippery with Gina's orgasm. The sound she made also gave her a clue. The guy behind Stacy had two fingers in her twat and then using her own juice lubed her ass hole up. He replaced the fingers and she felt his thumb press into her tight ass and he squeezed his fingers and thumb together grabbing the flesh between her ass and pussy hard and shaking her. She squealed in delight and rose her head up off of Gina and turned to look who was doing it.

It was Brad the short guy and he smiled at her and forced his fingers and thumb deeper into her body and shook her again.
