 "All right, girls, party's over," he said. "Don't you know this is a public park?" His voice was deep and manly, with a strong Noo Yawk accent. He got down off his horse and came toward us, taking his summons book from his back pocket. Shit. We're going to get written up. The horse stood still, breathing hard in the hot weather. 

The blonde woman gets up. "Please officer, we weren't hurting anyone. We didn't mean to cause trouble. Can't you just let us go home?" 

I got up too and turned around to face him. "Please," I say. "I promise it won't happen again." He hesitates, like any man would, seeing my big juicy rack for the first time. We were only a couple feet apart. He was young, dark-haired, Italian-looking, sort of like a John Travolta type from Brooklyn. He seemed tough, very macho, with strong, hairy forearms and big hands. His nameplate read DiNardo. 

The blonde woman, seeing the way he looked at me, spoke up. "Can you blame me, Officer? Shelley's one hot piece of ass, right? I couldn't wait to get home, Officer. I wanted those big tits so bad…"

The young cop laughed, showing his white teeth and good humor. "Yeah, alright. You couldn't wait, huh? I know that feeling."

"Shelley, stand up straight and show this nice policeman how you tempted me on the subway train." she ordered. 

I put my legs apart and stood like I'd been on the train, hands behind my head, melons pushed out. "I was like this, Officer," I told him, suddenly feeling like a dumb slut. "I was standing like this on the train so that she'd want me." 

I could see the lust in his eyes. He didn't give a shit anymore about his job. Like any man, once the blood rushed to his cock, his rational brain shut itself off. 

"That's right," she said. "My big-breasted whore, aren't you? My big-titted dyke-slut. Why don't you show this nice policeman what a good girl you are?"

I approached him, slowly. I saw a wedding band on his finger. I pushed up against him, rubbing my breasts and sex against him like a horny cat. I felt him hard through his uniform, and dropped to my knees. I unzipped him and tried to fish his erection out through the hole. It took a lot of doing, but I did it. One of New York's Finest, indeed! 

Large, thick, salami-like cock. Not as big as Earl's, but pretty fucking huge regardless. I heard him draw in his breath sharply as I swallowed the first six inches in one gulp. I let it all the way out and rubbed it, staring him in the eyes from my submissive posture. I tongued the head of his cock all around, licking it gently beneath and flicking my tongue and lips over it again and again. I licked the length of his shaft all the way to the base, and seized it in both hands, pumping him like a machine. 

"Damn," said the Blonde, "you must make your wife so happy with that big thing, Officer. So big and thick. She must love it. Do you fuck her good like a husband should? I bet you make her come so good! Go on, Shelley. Deep-throat that monster! Show him how much we New York girls appreciate the NYPD."

"My pleasure," I thought. I relaxed my throat and swallowed that salami down. His balls were incredibly large and heavy. I juggled them on my fingertips and he moaned. I worked the big head of his prick and down the length of his shaft. I opened my mouth wide and stretched it around one of his big cum-filled balls. My blonde mistress was next to him, topless, with one hand down her pants, fucking herself. She ran the other hand over the muscles of his arms and chest, cooing and moaning as well. I opened my throat and began shoving inch after inch of cock-meat down my gullet. He grabbed the back of my head with his big hands and started fucking my face, long powerful strokes, up and down, in and out. 

His big scary gun was just inches from my face. Behind him, the legs of his horse, stamping and snorting at the noises that his master was making. I deep-throated him like a professional sword-swallower whore, pausing at the bottom so he could see how much I'd taken. I let him slide all the way out and the head bounced against my open lips. 

We moved back and I sat on the bench so that my chest was at the right height for tit-fucking. He was hard as steel and ready to explode. My own pussy was on fire, and I wanted his cock in me. I took him between my huge soft tits and began working his wet cock in my cleavage, pumping him up and down, making him thrust hard against me like he was fucking my pussy. 

Somehow the platinum-haired pussycat woman had slipped his billy club off his belt, and I felt it nudging the edges of my hot cunt lips. Without losing rhythm or letting him fall, my hips began grinding against the hardness of it. I took him deep into my throat again and as she pushed the policeman's nightstick into me—just a tiny bit was all it took, I began to come, and as I came I began to cry out, only my mouth was stuffed full of cock, so the screams came out like deep vibrations in my throat, and this pushed my Italian Stallion over the edge. 

"Huuuuhhhg! Guhghghhhww!" he roared, blasting his seed deep into my belly. I let him fall out in time to catch the second blast in my open mouth, and the third, fourth, and fifth all over my big full tits. I pumped him with both hands like a crazed milkmaid, sucking every bit of cop-juice out of his huge salami. 

"Oh, Shelley!" said the Blonde. "You're fantastic! What a great cocksucker you are." She licked my sensitive chest like a cat, sucking up every bit of jism stuck to my tits and neck. 

To Be Continued...