 James laughs a little, prompting Viktor to let loose a deep chuckle as well. James reasserts my words, "You heard her, gentleman. Who would love to see this lovely lady part with her cardigan, only a mere thousand dollars from each of you!" 

The rustle of money slapped down on the various tables positioned throughout the room as each of them pays up. And my cardigan finds its way off...as I toss it onto the floor carelessly.

"Now now, perhaps her belt? Certainly, that's worth one thousand dollars as well!" Viktor returning to the circle of chairs, watching me as he counts out the money with the rest and slaps it down on the table.

"Fair enough" My skin now covered in goosebumps as I pull loose my belt and toss it aside.

"And what of this top? It certainly isn't warm outside, gentleman, you'd best make it worth her while..." Hearing some mumbles amongst them, until Rikov clearly states, "Twenty thousand" and places a large stack upon the table, which the others soon match.

I look back at him winking...knowing I'd shared this fantasy with James some years ago...and he's making it seriously come true...I bite my lip as I untie the neck of my halter and then lift it up over my head...wearing a skimpy sheer black spandex strapless bra...more like a translucent tube top...my nipples visable on my small but firm rack.

A few approving murmurs heard from the men in front of you in their native language. "She's just full of surprises, isn't she, gentleman? I'm sure you'd love to see some more...what do I hear for her bra?"

"You know boys...clothing is not the only thing up for sale tonight..." I bite my lip again shocked by my own boldness.

"Oh ho ho, did you hear that? Certainly, there's a few among you who'd love to be a bit closer to this fine young American girl...perhaps even touch her?" 

The men whisper amongst one another for a moment, then Rikov sets a stack of bills on the table he pulls from his briefcase. "Fourty." He nods.

Looking back at James as I didn't understand their native jibber jabber...not knowing what his offer was for?

James leans forward to whisper, "He wants to come up to you, touch you." 

My eyes never leaving them as Rikov starts to stand up...

I nod...whispering to James, "Thats ok."

A grin on the man's face as he approaches me, his thin fingers tenuously reaching out and tracing the edge of my jawbone and sliding down, down my neck over my collarbone...

My goosebumps raise even higher through my skin...I let out a sweet whimper.

I feel the other men's eyes upon you as they watch intently...his fingertips drifting down further, past your collarbone, along the curve of your breast, encased in the thin, gossamer-like material...lingering around my nipple as it traces tiny circles around it.

My eyes close as I enjoy his masterful touch.

Karl slapping down a stack next to Rikov's, as well as Johnathon...each standing up slowly. 

Rikov's fingers sliding down the valley of my breasts, lightly brushing across my flat little tummy only to drift back up again.

"Mmm..." His two hands strong...manly...skilled and suddenly four more hands touching me...delicately...not forcefully...

The two others reaching for me...Rikov's hands finding their way to my breasts once more as the others join in...Johnathon's gliding along my shoulderblade, down your back and along myspine, while Karl's run across the tendons in my neck softly, slowly. 

Manly...hardened...enormous hands...but delicate none-the-less...and warm...so warm.

Their palms now pressing against me, running them flat across your skin...covering so much of you as they explore my body...Johnathon's grooving down towards my jeans, firmly cupping your ass before stroking your thighs, while Rikov leans in...touching his lips lightly to my nipples. Karl runs his hands through my shoulder-length hair, his fingertips, and soon his lips, dragging across the nape of your neck intermittently...

Gasping as his warm wet lips touch the material of my bra...and then another set on my neck...a smile on my face from ear to ear...total ecstasy.

The others soon slap down their own money, and approach me as well. Each reaching out as the others hands withdraw...some of them a little more nervous than the others, their strokes shivering just a bit as they traverse the length of my skin, but they can each sense your desire...

Sixteen hands...encircling me...touching...pulling back...gently pinching...pulling back...caressing...every inch of my skin...and every inch of material on my body.

Others kneeling down to plant soft but firm kisses upon my legs, covered by the jeans...each traveling up and down my hips...while others caress my breasts through the thin material as yet others lean forward to kiss and nibble at them gently. 

One of them, Alex, I think...takes hold of my hand, gently guiding it toward his pants to let me feel the hardness within. My fingers soon engrossed with rubbing against his warm, rock solid loins...while i continue to enjoy the massage of 16 hands.

I hear James whisper, his hands briefly running through the ends of my hair, "Come...over here, to the bed..." 

Their touches soon trailing off my body, leaving only lingering kisses. Overwhelmed by the attention...my eyes open and I catch my breathe...turning to James as we walk, "So Jim, (catching my breath) what's the going rate for a blow job these days?"

"I think you've got them quite well hooked, my dear...you could probably snag at least seventy five out of each by now..." He grin, lightly patting me on the ass as he leads me to the bed.

I sit on the edge of the bed. The guys having overheard my recent bid request start a new pile of money by the bed...each making a large deposit...and then forming a line...being calm and respectful until i blurt, "So who's first?"

Yosef at the front, a little taken aback by my words, but he steps up to me and I can see the bulge in his pants beneath the slight overhang of his stomach.

Winking at James as I roll my eyes and say, "The first thing these guys need to learn is that obnoxious american brats like me...don't do zippers." I pause to admire my manicure and then look back at Yosef, "so what are ya hidding in there, sexy?"

He unzips his pants, looking down at my breasts briefly and then pulls out his dick, rock hard already, only about five inches in length.

I take his meat in my hand, slowly pulling him closer, a few steps forward to me, stroking his cock. Then sliding off the bed and onto my knees, kissing his throbbing head and then slipping my lips down his shaft. My nose soon up against his gut, my chin against his balls and then i slide back, slurping a little, drool coming off my chin and his sack.

He lets out a low moan, and I see some of the other men behind in line taking out their own cocks, jerking them off as they watch you. 

Removing Josef's cock from my mouth, stroking it, twisting my hand over him and then back to sucking. In and out my tight lips around him my little tongue flicking inside.

I look back at James standing in the background knowing the pleasure that I'm giving.

I feel his body shudder every couple of minutes as I suck him off. Soon he begins to convulse a little, breathing harder. . 

He lets out a low groan, and with not much other warning, explodes in my mouth, thrusting his cock quickly a bit.

My head tilts back accepting his offer.

He slides his cock in and out of my mouth briefly. Then fully slides out, already softening.