 Note:  Best to read Chapters 1-3 first.

The cop looked like he was going to collapse.  He sat down heavily on the bench to rest.  I was getting turned on again as she fondled my big jugs expertly.  I turned back to the young Italian cop and kissed him hard on the mouth.  I climbed onto his lap and reached for his cock while blowing into his ear.  It grew immediately in my hand, and soon I was rubbing it against the head of my clit and wet pussy lips.  I looked into his eyes.  “Please,” I said.  “Please take me with your big cock.  I need it so bad.”

He lifted me with his strong hands and I guided his big cockhead into the opening of my cunt.  I lowered myself onto it—slowly, because it felt fucking enormous.  He grabbed me by the waist and slammed me down on it with one stroke.  I arched my back, pushed my massive tits in his face and screamed.  “Oooooooooghghhhhhh!  Oooooooohough!” I wailed in the dark Central Park night.   DiNardo sucked my tits as he fucked me, tossing me up and down on his big cock like I was an animal on a merry-go-round, stuck through with a thick pole.  

“Go slow,” I begged him.  “Please go slow, you’re so big.  I, uhhhgh.  Ohhhhhhh!  Fucckkk!”  He wasn’t listening.  He was fucking me with all his power.  I fucked him back like a whore.  My tits slapped heavily against my chest as I landed.  The Blonde was fucking herself, hand moving like a blur between her long pretty legs.  

“Ohhhh, you big fucker,” I told him, out of my mind with passion.  “You’re going to make me commmmme.  You big-dicked fucker!  Fucking studdd.  Oeeeeewwwwwghhigh!  Ueghghhaiiiiiigh!”  

He grabbed me by the waist and turned me around on him so that I faced the other way.  His cock felt even huger this way, churning my insides to jelly.  He gripped my tits with both hands and slammed into me.  The horse stamped his feet and snorted, staring me right in the eye as his nostrils flared.  I imagined riding this huge beast in tandem with my Italian stud--fucking me to the rhythm of the horse’s gallop like a couple of Indians.  

The Blonde stood in front of me.  She’d pulled a strap-on cock out of her bag---where the fuck did this come from?—and was pushing it in my face.  It was big and thick—not as big as mine, but pretty damn big anyway.  She hadn’t strapped it, but in her haste just had it in her hand, and as I opened my mouth, wailing my womanly sex-cries, she pushed it between my lips.  

“Fuck the bitch good! she urged him.  “Give that big-titted bitch all you’ve got, stud.  Show the little cocktease who’s boss!”  

DiNardo grunted in agreement. My arms were being pulled back behind me, forcing my tits out, way out.  Blondie mauled my tits like she was  a horny sixteen-year old boy, and jacked the fake penis in and out of my mouth with plenty of force.  “That’s it, bitch,” she yelled.  “Show me how you love to get fucked in every hole!”  

My pussy was boiling over, being filled and fucked unmercifully in every spot.  The cop’s big hands were gripping my thin wrists so hard it felt like a vice.  I felt so filled up, every single part of my pussy was being hammered.  

The whole scene—this hot Italian cop drilling me from behind, Central Park at night, this freaky blonde woman with her sexy body and dominant personality shoving the fake cock down my throat, the smell of the leather and the sweat coming from the big black horse, the silhouetted outline of his massive horse-member.  It was all too much.  I fucking lost it.  

I howled like a stuck pig and tore at his arms with my fingernails.  It hurt so good.  “EEEEAAAAGGGGH!  OOOooooaoghh!  Ohmyfucking goddd! FEEEGHHh!  Ahhhhhhhhhh!”

The rod inside me expanded suddenly.  So thick—it felt like double the size.   DiNardo let out an anguished, animal sound, and I felt his cock pulsing inside me and then blasting deep into my womb like a firehose.  I came and came again…”Ayyyyyessss!  Fucckkkkmeeee!  Uhhhhhhh!”

I collapsed back against him, limp.  He became tender for the first time, gently caressing me and holding me until my orgasm subsided and I could breathe normally again.  “Finally,” I thought.  “A nice guy.  Sort of, anyway.”

The blonde sat down beside us on the bench and kissed my shoulders.  She fondled me and played with my long hair.  

“That was a hell of a show, huh?”  she said. She was talking to the cop, like I wasn’t even there.  “I knew from the minute I saw her that she was a hot-pussy little cock-tease slut.  I’m glad she did you so good,” she said, stroking DiNardo’s neck and talking to him like they were lovers.  

I started getting kind of pissed off by what she was saying.  Now that I’d had such a powerful orgasm, my mind was clear again and I was getting sick of her bullshit.  I guess maybe I’d started to feel some sort of bond with this cop who’d just fucked the hell out of me.  I mean, I’d fucked him, not her!  

She was playing with the strap-on cock, holding it in her hand, rubbing it against my tits and tickling my belly with it.  Her own body looked delicious.  Breasts very high with erect nipples.  Beautifully curved hips and slim waist.  Firm round ass.  Elegant, arched feet and manicured nails.  Cruel red lips that were wet with desire.  

She kept talking to the cop in a sexy, smoky voice:  “Maybe you’d like to see some more.  Maybe you’d like to see me bend her over and fuck her for you.  Would that turn you on, Officer?”  

What could he say?  What would you say?

To Be Continued.