 Chapter 1

It was going to be Stacy's first adult movie, really just a scene for some Internet site that has updated material weekly. Her friend had done it already and said it wasn't that bad and a good way to make money. She was nervous though, her friend was much more experienced than she was and had already done multiple guys at a time and didn't have any problems with it.

Stacy on the other hand had just broken up with her boyfriend of three years and before him there really weren't many guys. She was well versed in fucking; the two of them did it all the time and used toys and everything so she was familiar with anal sex and being penetrated at the same time in both her holes. Granted, only one was a real cock at a time and from what she heard from her friend, Gina, her old boyfriend really didn't have that big of a penis.

Gina had told her some of the guys in these porno's are huge and this kind of worried her. She was a tiny little thing just turned twenty and only stood five feet tall and very petite. She only weighed 95 pounds soaking wet with a perfect combination of ass and legs with a large B cup of incredibly perky tits with medium areolas standing out darker on her tan skin. Sexy as hell tight flat stomach with a perfect belly button and she shaves her pussy. Her blond curly hair was highlighted with blonder streaks and her brilliant blue eyes caught everyone's attention. She was hot, very hot and Gina said she would get more money because of it.

Gina told her to expect about four guys, or at least that was what she normally got. Stacy asked her exactly what happened and Gina told her all about the different positions and what the guys did to her and how long it was. She told her she started off just stripping for them and the camera and showing off her ass and tits and spreading her cunt open for all to see and then the guys started to get their cocks out and play with them while she continued the strip show.

All the guys were okay looking some in better shape than others, had really nice dicks not too big and not too small. She told Stacy once she was naked she started sucking and yanking on the guys cocks making sure to get to all of them. They groped her huge tits and ass and fingered her while she sucked and yanked all of them.

She was a bigger girl than Stacy, had 'more meat on her bones' as she says and this made her tits bigger as well. She wasn't as pretty as Stacy, more plain than beautiful with hazel eyes and darker hair. Much taller with wider hips and Stacy figured this helped her with bigger cocks, especially two at a time.

Gina continued telling Stacy how her scene progressed. She told her she was on her knees and the guys had surrounded her and moved in a circle so she could suck each one of them in turn and as she sucked one the others either licked her ass and snatch or grabbed at her large tits and pinched her nipples. Then after she had sucked all of them more than twice the director called cut and started explaining the positions he wanted to see her in.

Nothing shocked her and she was prepared to do whatever he told her to get her money but some of what the director had said scared Stacy and she didn't know if she wanted to go through with it.

"You really did all that?" Stacy asked almost shocked.

"Really, I mean I've done most of it before except the last one, it hurt but it was so hot and nasty that I got off really well," Gina explained.

"You mean you actually came, you weren't acting?" 

Gina laughed and covered her mouth trying to hold it in so as to not offend her friend, "Ah ya lots of times I mean they were really fucking me and it was great."

"Wow I don't know about this, I'm really nervous," Stacy said.

"Well honey you need the money now that your boyfriend isn't helping you with the rent and you don't want to get another job so what else are you going to do? With your looks and body you just need to make sure you get more and it will all be worth it I promise. Hell you may actually really enjoy it; I mean these studs 'know' what they are doing." Gina said with wide eyes.

"Oh I'm sure they do," Stacy returned, rolling her eyes. "So were they gentle, I mean at first or did they just force it in?"

"Well with my pussy they were crazy because it really didn't matter I was so wet from all the licking and fingering that they could pound me silly but when the director told us it was time for anal they were slower and let me get use to their cocks before hammering me. And then once one guy had fucked my ass for a while it didn't matter anymore and the rest just stuck their cocks in and went right to it. You've done anal before I'm sure you will be just fine." Gina explained.

"Yes, but not like this, I mean Randy came quick when he went in my ass, these guys sound like they can last forever and there is four of them for hell sakes or maybe more."

"Or less you just never know what they have planned." Gina reassured her.

"Still, one or six I'm going to be ripped to shit I can just tell."

"So what are you saying? Are you going to bail? I mean shit Stacy I set this up for you, got you in the door, they are expecting you and your tests all came back good so you are set to go. They will waste a shit load of money if you don't show and will make me look fucking stupid and could hurt me getting another gig." Gina stammered starting to get pissed and worried.

"Okay you're right I'm committed to it now, how much time do I have?"

"They are expecting you at four and its three now so one hour until show time girl. Don't worry about it just relax and get into it is the best thing to do."

"Okay I'll try, just tell me more about what they did."

"Well after the director explained what he wanted to see they put me on the couch, that's in every room, and some girl I think was a fluffer brought some lube stuff out if I needed it but I didn't yet. I knelt on the couch and faced the back and one guy got behind me and shoved his cock forcefully in my cunt and the other three got around me so I could play with them or suck them. Two guys knelt on the couch on either side of me and the last guy was behind the couch with his cock over the back.

I sucked and stroked them as best I could while this guy behind me fucked my pussy good. He almost made me cum but then quit and was replaced by the guy behind the couch that I was sucking. He came around and shoved his wet cock in my pussy and proceeded to fuck me just as hard. The guy that was fucking me at the start came around and I took his cock in my mouth and tasted my own juice and sucked him deep. The cameramen were filming me getting fucked with one camera and the other was filming me sucking and jacking off the other three.

The guys on the couch with me had a hay day with my tits, grabbing and twisting my nipples and this only made me cum quicker. They kept their cocks hard by playing with me and sometimes themselves when I couldn't reach them. They even reached under and played with my clit once and a while as I was fucked from behind."

"Well that doesn't sound so bad," Stacy exclaimed.

"It was great! Sucking cocks and getting fucked doggy style hard. The second guy made me cum and I screamed and shook as he pile drove my dripping snatch. I only did the two of them like that and then the director wanted to change to a different position. He put one of the guys I hadn't done yet on the couch and told me to sit on him backwards facing away. So I got up on the couch and lowered my self down on this guy as he held his cock vertical for me to slide onto. It was harder to balance this way and I wasn't able to get to the other three guys like I wanted so they just played with my clit and tits and stroked their own cocks. One guy did jump up on the couch and tried to feed me his cock but it was difficult to suck him and move up and down on the one in my pussy.

So he just ended up stroking it and I tried to lick it as I moved up and down. It was cool watching the three jackoff while I rode the guy on the couch and they switched after a while and I rode the last guy I hadn't yet. We stayed like this for a while and them playing with my tits and clit and me riding this large cock made me cum again and the cameraman got really up close to my pussy as I convulsed and shuddered on the second guys cock. All the guys cheered me on as I came and almost fell off the couch. They actually had to catch me all laughing and cheering."

"Wow so you really did get off good," Stacy stated.

"Oh fuck yes I did, trust me it is really good if you let yourself go and enjoy it. And the more you get into it the more the guys will like you and trust me that is a good thing because some other guys I've been with can be real asses and try and hurt you on purpose. So even if you aren't really into it act like you are.

Anyway after I came the director stopped us again and said it was time to go to the next step and I knew he meant anal or even double penetration. He had another guy sit down on the couch and told me to straddle him with my ass facing the front of the couch. So I did and eased back down on this guys cock with my arms resting on the back of the couch. The guy I was fucking, sucked and nibbled on my tits while the three other guys just watched and stroked their oozing cocks. Then the director picked a guy and told him to fuck my ass as well. I looked back at the guy and the camera started to roll again and I watched this guy lube up his large cock and start walking towards me rubbing his hand up and down his shaft.

It glistened with the lube and my heart started to race as the anticipation of him sticking it in my tight ass excited me. I stopped moving on the cock in my pussy as I felt him press his cock head against my puckered hole and he slowly eased it in me. He was really gentle more so than I would have expected and with the lube it went in quite easily even with the cock stuffed in my cunt. Once he got it all the way in the director told him to raise his left leg onto the couch so the cameraman could get a better view of my stuffed ass and pussy. Then he proceeded to slowly fuck my tight ass and the guy under me pressed his ass down in the couch and moved his cock as well, still nibbling on my tits.

It was fucking tight but my body got use to it and I could feel my heart pounding in my head and chest and they started getting faster and fucking me good," Relayed Gina

"Okay now this is the part I'm worried about, and especially the last thing you said you did. I mean I've done double before but just with Randy and a toy, never two big cocks that have a mind of their own. I mean won't they just rip me big time?" Stacy inquired.

"I don't think so, not if they go slow and you let it in and relax. Stacy honey they are going to do this to you for sure, maybe not the last thing I had done but they are definitely going to fuck your ass and pussy at the same time. It's a given with the gangbang site they work for. You had to know this when you signed up." Gina exclaimed.

"I know and at the time the prospect was exciting but now I'm nervous. I mean I'm tiny and they are going to be big I have a feeling. I just don't know if I can handle two big cocks in me at once."

Gina looked at her and just shook her head and said, "Sweetie what do you want me to tell you, you only have 45 minutes now and they are going to do it and if you don't act like you like it then it could get rough. You'll be fine just let yourself go and enjoy."

"How long did they double fuck you?" Stacy asked.

"Well from then on I had a cock in my ass the rest of the time, and the three guys that were standing took turns fucking my ass while the guy on the couch just stayed put with me on top of him. Once I got use to the first guys cock, it was no big deal when he pulled out and was replaced by another guy. They actually got me to cum again fucking my ass and pussy so for me it was great. I lost track of how many times they changed because all three were behind me now and popping in and out off my gaped ass like it was nothing."

"Holy hell really, one cock after another fucking your ass like no tomorrow?" Stacy asked.

"Yep pretty much, it was crazy hot shit. I would reach under myself and play with my clit as much as I could and this really helped but I'm sure you already know that."

"Oh for sure, my hand will be a blur on my clit just to get through this." Stacy stammered.

"From there we did different positions of just anal sex and each guy had his own turn with me either from behind or me laying on my back, fucking my ass fast and deep and then they would pull completely out and let the cameraman have a close up of my gapping ass and they all would hoot and holler at my red wide open hole. Then the next guy would shove his fat cock in me and continue the anal fucking. I played with my clit and sucked any cock that was put in my face as best I could as my ass got hammered. 

They each got more than two turns with me and my ass was so open and gapping that it was like nothing when they switched guys and another cock found its way into my ass. It got so sloppy that they would sometimes slip out and plunge into my dripping pussy and then back into my ass. I swear with all the clit play and ass fucking I came three or four more times. I had hands all over my body and cocks in each hand most of the time. It was crazy shit."

"Now again that doesn't sound so bad I think I can deal with just one cock at a time for a while, so hopefully they stick to that for most of the time," Stacy said trying to laugh.

"That was the bulk of the session so maybe you'll luck out. Well after that the director, I think could tell I really liked what was happening to me so he added the last part I told you about which wasn't part of the original scene but when he suggested it I just had to try it."

"I can't believe you did that, you could have said no, you had already done what they told you they expected." Stacy said unbelieving.

"Oh come on Stacy don't be so naïve, I hadn't been paid yet, and I wasn't going to chance shit, and actually I was so turned on and in the moment I really got excited to try it."

"Excited to have two huge cocks in your ass!?" Stacy blurted.

"Yes, Stacy, honey I was that turned on," she laughed. 

"I mean how the hell did they actually get them both in there?" Stacy asked stunned.

"Well the director had me turn around and face away from a guy I was straddling and told me to put his cock back in my ass so I slid down on it with ease and then with my legs spread wide and me leaning back on this guy, another guy came forward and started trying to push his cock in my ass as well. It didn't go in at first, it kept slipping and sliding into my open pussy but finally he really pushed down on the other guys cock, I could feel it in my ass, and he got the head of his dick in above the other guy's shaft and that was all it took.

I screamed in pain and pleasure as more of his thick shaft plunged into my stuffed ass and after a few more seconds he had all of his cock in my ass with the other one. Talk about tight it was crazy tight and I didn't think I could handle it and my heart was racing and my breath was in small gasps like I was struggling to breath. Luckily both of the guys just froze and didn't move for a while and I actually got kind of use to both of them in there. It still hurt but it was better. 

"Holy shit Gina that is crazy, I can't believe you did that and it's even possible. That blows me away." Stacy freaked out.

"It kind of amazed me, but they did it, both of them where stuffed in my ass and the other two guys cheered when they got them both in and continued to stroke their cocks. The director wanted to get all of us together so they jumped up on the couch and I stroked their cocks with my hands as the other two held their cocks in my ass still until I started to move a little and they took it as a sign that I was ready for them to fuck me. Holy shit Stacy it was nuts they both started to move in my ass and I'm not going to lie it hurt and I screamed but they thought I was liking it because I didn't want them to think otherwise.

So they just kept moving and fucking my ass together and the cameramen where all over it trying to get the best angle as I screamed and got fucked with two fucking cocks in my ass. I don't know how long they did me like that I kind of withdrew inside myself, but they finally stopped and pulled out of me and the relief I think showed on my face because all four of them gave me a look like they could tell I was hurting. Anyway the director had me kneel on the ground and they surrounded me jacking their cocks fast and hard to climax. They finally came, not all at the same time but ended up covering my face and breasts with huge amounts of cum. I sucked them each off and swallowed what had found my mouth and what I had sucked out.

It was a shit load of cum, as you can imagine from four guys like that and for how long they fucked me. The director told me to look into the camera and say some cheesy line as they filmed the cum dripping off my chin and down my tits and then he said 'cut' and it was over. The fluffer girl came back out and gave me a towel and I cleaned up and they thanked me and told me to get dressed and where to go for my money."

"Fuck Gina, there is no way in hell I'm doing that and I hope they don't ask. I mean if it hurt you as much as you say then I'll fucking die for sure!" Stacy cried out

"Chances are they won't, you'll be okay trust me, I think it was just something special the director thought I could handle. I mean after I saw it in the replay I have to admit it was very hot and nasty and made for a great session. They even paid me more than they told me at first, I think the director made sure of that. So hell everyone is happy right?"

"Ya I guess, still can't believe you did that. Fucking crazy bitch," Stacy shook her head.

Gina laughed and said, "I'd do it again."

"Ya I'm sure you would. Well look at the time I've got to go, are you coming with me?" Stacy asked.

"Sure I'll ride along and show you around."

They both got up and walked out of their apartment door, shutting it behind them.

Chapter 2

Stacy and Gina pulled up next to the warehouse looking building Gina told her was the place. No sign was on the building just an address and this worried Stacy even more.

"Fuck what have I got myself into," she said in her mind but Gina just smiled as Stacy turned off the car and started to get out. Stacy grabbed her purse locked her car and followed Gina to the single door on the side of the building.

"We're here you ready? You look damn hot but try and smile more okay sweetie?" Gina told her.

"Is this really the place, I was expecting something different," Stacy asked.

"What like a nice resort with a pool and shit?" Gina laughed. "This is just where they film, the editing and main office is much nicer, well go there later when they put your session together and give you a copy on DVD. Just relax its not that bad."

Gina pulled open the door and Stacy followed her into a small reception area with a young brunette behind a small desk. There was not much else, two chairs and some porn magazines on a small round table and another door that led into the rest of the building. Stacy followed Gina up to the desk and waited for her to say something.

"Hi Gina, back for more already?" the brunette asked looking up and seeing Gina.

"No I'm just showing my friend Stacy here what to do and where to go; she's up for her first time."

"Hi Stacy, I'm Mekala, let me check you in and then Gina can show you around back since she's been here so much," Mekala said laughing and Gina busted up as well. "First time huh? I remember my first time, don't be nervous its only sex." 

