 Author's Note:

I especially would like feedback on this chapter because it's possible I went too far. It gets a bit extreme. And while there's some sober discussion to ground it, I don't want Stacy's stories to go too "Gonzo".

***

Frank and Betty had returned, both wearing robes. They murmured inaudibly to one another as they sat down to watch the trio. Betty had cleaned the plastic vibrator that had been buried in her ass and idly twiddled it with her fingers.

Stacy was making a show of her ride, plopping down heavily onto her husband with each bounce, her round ass cheeks slapping loudly. With each impact, she would squeak as if she had been pinched. She was wearing a broad smile. Jared's face was more serious... he was trying to keep the boiling in his balls under control. He wasn't actually very close to cumming yet but he had to stay on top of it if he wanted to last... and he didn't think Helen was through with them yet.

The older woman had begun stroking the long toy in and out of her cunt and was lightly playing with her clit. As the heat in her pussy rose, she needed something more. She turned her ass to Stacy and bent over in front of her, straddling Jared's head. Bending over at the waist and flexing her knees, she hunched over. Taking the toy in both hands, she bent it. The rubber was flexible enough to allow her to loop it back on itself.

"Now watch this." she said. Helen began to wedge the free head of the toy into her clamoring pussy alongside the shaft that was already there. The eyes of both Lancasters were locked onto Helen's pussy as it opened up to accept the new addition. With a sudden shift, the toy's second head disappeared into the small woman. Panting and moaning, Helen fed more of the toy into her cunt, bending it over tightly on itself.

She lowered herself to her knees. Jared's chin was inches away from her mound. The loop of the toy was sticking down and Helen pressed it against his chest. Stacy had come to a stop and sunk back down to her knees. She milked her husband's cock with her steaming pussy and she could feel it pulse... but most of her attention was focused on Helen.

The rubber wasn't flexible enough to simply fold on itself. At the bend, it bulged widely enough for Helen to fit all her fingers through the opening. For the first eight inches which were now inside Helen, the shafts pressed together and filled her much the way Jared and the toy had earlier. From that point, they began to separate. Helen balanced herself atop the toy and pressed it down against Jared. With one hand she twisted and prodded the toy. She forced more and more of it into herself.

For a long couple minutes, the room was mostly silent. More and more of the bulging bend in the toy was forced into Helen's snatch. Stacy bent low to watch. The other woman's pussy was being stretched so tightly. Sweat was pouring off the other woman as her body struggled with the sensations and exertion.

Amazingly, Helen lowered herself far enough for her dangling pussy lips to brush Jared's chest. The gap between the two sides of the toy disappeared into Helen's body. The entrance of her cunt was stretched around the widest part of the device now. Half an inch more and it would likely disappear. Helen's hand felt the toy carefully and determined that she could go no further. If she allowed it to slip into her body, it would be a long struggle to work it out again.

Frank chuckled. "Normally, we tie a string around it."

Stacy looked over at him. "What?"

Frank explained. "We loop a piece of string around it so we can pull it back out after it disappears into her body." Stacy looked back at Helen's pussy in shock. The older swinger gingerly got to her feet and turned to face her. She stepped close and brought her obscenely bloated pussy to within an inch of Stacy's face.

Stacy ran a hand along the toy where Helen's lips clung tightly to it. The dildo was a bit under two inches wide. The bend looked to be stretching Helen's cunt five or six inches vertically. Stacy realized that that was quite a bit bigger than her own hand. She pressed her fingers against Helen's sex. The older woman almost grabbed her hand to stop her... she really didn't want to lose the toy in her body. But Stacy was quick. Her finger hooked behind the bend in the dildo and slowly began to pull it from the tight grip of Helen's cunt.

Helen trembled and steadied herself on Stacy's head. The young slut pulled several inches of rubber from Helen's body and wedged her hand between the two sides of the shaft, taking a firm grip. With the heel of her hand against the curving base, she pressed it back home.

Helen grunted. She held on to Stacy with both hands, struggling to stay upright. Stacy's hand had forced the bend in the rubber to spread wider. Her knuckles were pressed against Helen's slick pussy lips hard enough to feel it grind against bone.

Stacy was now rhythmically churning her hips back and forth along Jared's body, still fucking him but no longer bouncing up and down. Helen clung to her steady shoulders and the young woman withdrew several inches of the dildo and then shoved it back into Helen, banging her knuckles against her stressed groin.

Helen moaned, long and low. Although the presence of Stacy's hand prevented as much of the toy from sinking into her cunt, it was also making the toy wider. Helen's tortured pussy lips were turning white from the strain and the old slut was trembling uncontrollably.

Helen had done (or allowed others to do) some pretty extreme things to her pussy. Over the past two decades it had been stretched, stretched and then stretched again. Helen had a pretty good idea of the limit of what her well-trained hole could take... and Stacy was brushing up against that now.

Seeing the arousal and pain in Helen eyes, Stacy knew that she was pushing the slut to her limit. She also saw that that was exactly where Helen wanted to be. Whatever had brought her home early from the hospital that night had been blown out of the surgeon's mind by the night's festivities and all she wanted right then was to test anew her capacity for sexual stimulation. tacy brought her free hand to Helen's clitoris and rubbed it vigorously against the hard rubber. Yanking and plunging the toy once more, she drove Helen beyond all control.

Unable to stifle her scream, Helen cried out. Helen's shout was wordless and bestial. She staggered against Stacy to the point that you younger woman had to hold her upright. Letting Helen down as gently as possible, Stacy was forced to pull her body away from her husband's throbbing dick.

Helen landed on her back and Stacy ended up on her knees, bent over her. Helen's nascent orgasm was slow to start, her painfully stretched pussy sending mixed signals. Seeing that the other woman seemed to be stuck on the cusp, Stacy helped her past the point of no return by swiftly fucking the doubled-over toy into her cunt half a dozen times while her fingers were locked around her hot pink clit.

It was literally too much for the smaller woman. As her body finally surrendered and lightning shot through her body, Helen knocked Stacy away from her pussy. Shaking and groaning, her eyes glazed, Helen grabbed the toy and began to slowly draw it from her body. As the tension reduced, her pussy transmitted its relief with additional jolts of orgasmic bliss. Hissing and moaning, Helen released the pink dildo. Instinctively, she cupped a hand over her abused sex, pressing against it gently as her climax waned.

At a loss for a moment, Stacy watched the other woman while stroking her own yawning sex. She was beginning to realize that she might have hurt her host. But on the other hand, Helen had not voiced a single word of protest.

Croaking, Helen finally spoke, "Fuck, you little bitch. God damn. I can't remember the last time I was stretched that much." Setting her lips in thin determination. Helen hesitantly rose to hands and knees. She was still very shaky but didn't want to give Stacy the satisfaction of seeing her collapse.

Stacy watched as the other woman crawled toward her. She couldn't read Helen's eyes. Stacy was sitting with her legs crossed when Helen reached her and sort of crawled up her body. "Do you want to see what you did?" Helen asked.

Stacy's response was an uncertain "Ummm".

Helen pressed the girl onto her back, crawling along her body. "Take a look at what you did." Helen brought her abused pussy above Stacy's head. Setting on her knees and stooping over, Helen used both hand to open her sex above Stacy's face. "Look."

Helen had all four fingers from each hand sunk into her pussy... not just between her lips but pressed deeply into her hole. She spread them apart wide, opening herself before the young woman.

Helen's pink hole gaped enormously. Between Helen's hands, a good two inches of pink-tinged blackness disappeared into her body.

Sliding most of her fingers out of her hole but still hooking it with their tips, Helen sank down onto Stacy's fact. Helen's widely splayed cunt engulfed the other woman, covering her from nose to chin. With Stacy's face nestled in her hole, Helen pulled her hands out and then used them to press her pussy lips down around Stacy's cheeks.

Helen's prominent clit lay across Stacy's nose while the girl's chin rubbed against the base of her cunt. Stacy's mouth was aligned with her hole and she could sense the openness of Helen's cavern.

Pressing her weight down on Stacy and wiggling her hips, it looked like she was trying to fit the woman's head in her cunt. When she felt that she had wedged as much of the other woman's face into her crease as she could, she tightened her pussy muscles.

The walls closed in on Stacy. The openness Stacy sensed collapsed and Helen's hole nipped at Stacy's lips, almost grabbing hold of them.

Helen pulled herself away from Stacy, leaving the girl wide-eyed and gasping. Pulling her pussy lips apart again, she showed Stacy her tightly closed pussy. Then, before her eyes, it yawned open again forming a hole bigger around than Jared's cock. 

"Holy fuck." Stacy gasped.

Satisfied, Helen called to Betty, "Toss me the vibe."

Helen turned around and caught the plastic toy. Twisting its base, she turned in on. Without preamble, she pressed it to Stacy's mound. Running it up and down the girl's slit, she then pressed it into her body. The slim six inch toy disappeared and Stacy's lips closed over it. Then Helen beckoned to Jared. "Get over here and fuck your wife".

Jared approached, his cock still hard as steel. He looked questioningly at Helen. "Go ahead, fuck her. Put that dick of yours in you wife and make her cum."

Licking his lips, Jared pointed his cock at his wife's slightly open pussy. He gently pressed its head to her slit and then into her hole. He felt the base of the buzzing machine. Shifting and angling his body, he slowly worked the head of his cock deeper, first pushing the toy ahead of it and then after sinking in a couple inches, he was able to slide beside it.

The toy was now deep in Stacy's body. She had felt it's tip come to rest against her cervix about the time Jared was able to slide along-side it. Stacy was tense and excited but had to concentrate to keep from clenching her cunt. If she did that then Jared wasn't going to get anywhere.

The vibrator pressed against the walls of Stacy's pussy and sent shivers through her body. Jared sunk in deeper, the prominent head of his cock sliding along and spreading Stacy's inner passage.

For a moment, Stacy lost control and clenched at the invaders. Both Lancasters grunted in response. The vibrations became more intense in the tight grasp of Stacy's cunt which caused her to squeeze harder still. It took several long seconds and as many careful breathes for Stacy to ease off and regain some control.

Jared's cock completed its journey and his tightly packed scrotum came to rest against his wife's ass.

Jared held himself deep in his wife's body. The hard plastic of the vibrator pressed against his shaft and he could feel the sharp edge at its base. Knowing that it would be a bad idea to start pounding away at his wife, he slowly drew back his hips an inch or two and then pressed forward again.

Stacy's cunt was hot and eager but she didn't think a vigorous screw was a good idea under the circumstances either. As her husband was easing his cock back and forth, Stacy stirred her hips subtly and milked his cock with her cunt muscles. With each change of pressure in her womb, the vibrator's tone would rise and fall. She lay a hand across her stomach, the tips of her fingers laced into her soft bush. She could feel the little toy buzz and throb.

Helen knelt beside her. Her eyes were calm and she wore a gentle smile. She pecked Stacy on the nose and rested a hand on her chest. Her smile faded when her eyes passed over the pale woman's breasts. The perfect white slopes were a mottled pink now with a few hints of darker purple where slight bruising was beginning to show. Helen pursed her lips with regret. "I hurt you, didn't I?"

Stacy didn't deny it. She shrugged. "I'll live". She ground herself against her husband as he paused.

Helen lay on her side next to Stacy, one arm across the girl's body and the other supporting her head. She pressed herself close, molding her hard little body against Stacy's softer curves. Helen sighed. "It wasn't supposed to be like that. I'm thinking I should apologize or something."

Jared moved slowly in his wife, listening to the older woman. He had been surprised how far things had gone himself...

Stacy lay quietly for a little bit before speaking. "What was it supposed to be like?"

Helen was very gently circling one of Stacy's nipples with a fingertip. Though redder than usual, it stood tall and eager. "Well, we were supposed to be gentle with you. Just a little swapping, you know." Helen's hand moved to the other peak. "Not shove you hand in another woman's pussy or try to rip your tits off or try to intimidate you."

Stacy smiled and her voice was teasing but throaty, "Well, it really wasn't that bad."

Helen bent closer to kiss her on the cheek. "Well, I'm glad we didn't scare you away."

A look crossed Stacy's face that got Helen's attention quickly. "Did we?"

Jared had come to a stop again as Stacy shook her head sharply, "No, you didn't scare me away. Uh..." She seemed at a loss for words. "I guess there are still some things I'm processing. I'm not sure how I feel about some of this."

Helen was quiet for a while. Her hand kept moving along Stacy's body and Jared caressed her hips and legs. Helen cleared her throat, "Well, just so everything's clear, there is a lot of variety among swingers and swappers." Stacy rose an eyebrow, waiting to hear Helen's pitch. "What happened here tonight was fairly intense as things go. You can have everything from quiet screws with a new guy in your own bed to S&M orgies that make tonight look like kindergarten recess."

Stacy chuckled at the comparison. There was something knowing yet somehow uncertain in her eyes. "I'm not scared about what I might encounter... I'm worried about what I might become."

Helen was interested now... and so was Jared. Frank and Betty were listening as well. "How so?" Helen asked.

Stacy looked around in a moment of nervousness. "I felt something tonight. I know I could get into this kind of thing. I mean really, really into it." She ran a hand through her hair. Jared noted that the peaks of Stacy's breasts had subsided and her pussy had gone still.

"And?" Helen asked.

"I just don't know if it's a good idea for me to go down that road." She looked at her husband, her eyes glistening. "I love Jared. I love my life the way it is. We have great sex... and we also like watching TV together and trading books to read and bitching about work together... I don't want that to change." She looked back at Helen. "This is fun but I don't want it to be my life."

Helen sat up, her face sober. "You think this is my life?"

Stacy shrugged. "You tell me. I know you're a surgeon so of course it isn't really your entire life or anything but... well, how did you get this point?"

Helen didn't answer for a long time. Stacy was certain she had offended the other woman. In fact, she had a bit. But Helen stayed calm and looked at it from the young woman's point of view. Finally she answered, "Okay, I can see what you are saying I guess. You want your life and your marriage to have a lot of dimensions, not just one or two big ones."

Stacy was relieved that at least the other woman seemed to understand what she was saying. "Yeah, I guess that's it. And like I said, I think I probably could get drawn in too deeply. Maybe I don't trust myself or something."

Helen slid her finger along the soft crease at Stacy's navel. "I am an... intense person. It's what got me through medical school and residency and up the ladder in my field. And I do know that my sex life has always been my big, intense way of coping with the stress. So maybe I am a bit two-dimensional and maybe that's not for everyone. But does that really have anything to do with swinging? Is it a reason for *you* not to do it?"

Stacy stared at the other woman. "Wow. I don't think many people can look at their own lives that way."

"I've actually had these thoughts before. Look honey, you don't know a tenth of the stuff I've put myself through, the things I've let people do to me. I've absolutely had to question whether this behavior was good for me or even sane." Stacy's eyes had grown a bit wide. Helen went on, "But when I've asked myself that, I've answered that I always maintain control over the situation and that in the end... at the end of the night I go to sleep and I don't have a thousand concerns and fears running through my head."

"So, I get pleasure from this and it takes my mind off work. But you didn't answer my question. *I* am like this and that sort of thing probably isn't for you. But there's a lot more to swinging than this. You could find your own place... why do you hesitate?"

Stacy thought before answering. "Because I think my place probably would end up being pretty... intense. That's what I tried to say earlier. It feels like a slippery slope to me. Doing whatever feels good sounds nice at first glance and saying 'it's not hurting anyone' is good too but what if it affects other parts of my life? You said you're always in control. I accept that that is true for you... but I can't be sure *I* will maintain control."

Helen shook her head in uncertainty. "I'm still not sure I see what you're worried about." Having been silent through all of this, Betty spoke up, "I know what's she's getting at." Everyone looked at her. "Helen, you remember when I decided to be abstinent for about six months, right."

Helen nodded, "Of course. And I think you did the right thing. It was obvious you weren't happy. Actually, before then I don't think I had ever known you to be happy."

Betty left the couch and crawled to sit by the other women. "Stacy, I don't talk much about this but I hated myself. And I think I deserved it. Since I was, like, fourteen or so I'd been letting guys use my body as a way of being popular. People paid attention to me because I was a slut. Eventually it got to the point where that's all I thought I was... and I hated myself for it. Like I said, what I was then probably deserved my hate."

Helen looked back and forth between the two other women. "I don't really think that's what Stacy is worried about." She looked questioningly at Stacy, "Is it?"

"Well, it's close. Betty says she felt like her worth was tied up in sex and she didn't like that. I don't want all my pleasure and fun tied up in sex. And what I felt here tonight kind of tells me that I could become... obsessed."
