 Helen's hand slid through Stacy's bush, rubbing her mound in slow circles. Betty took a large portion of Stacy's other breast into her mouth, sucking the flesh between slobbering lips.

Stacy ached her back with pleasure. Jared stroked into her gently a few times but was then stopped by Helen's upturned hand. Leaving Stacy's snowy peaks for a moment, she pushed Jared back, indicating that he should withdraw from his wife. When he was clear, she reached down to Stacy's sex and found the vibrator. It had begun to emerge as soon as Jared pulled out. Helen slid the toy from her box and nodded to Jared who slid his hard member back in.

As Jared slid into place, Helen offered the damp vibrator to his mouth. She gave him a moment to lick some of his wife's fluids from the buzzing plastic before bringing it down to Stacy's mound. As she began to massage the girl's sex with it, her lips returned to Stacy's upturned breast. Stacy groaned and wrapped her legs around Jared as he began fucking into her with long strokes, pausing often to grind himself against her groin.

With two women loving her breasts with their hot mouths, a vibrator playing tag with her clit and her loving husband fucking her steadily, Stacy's mind reeled. It was the greatest amount of simultaneous sexual stimulation she had ever experienced. In no time she was panting and squirming. Her body rushed past the usual build-up to climax... before she knew it, her pussy was convulsing around her husbands dick and her tits were throbbing in harmony with her buzzing clit.

Stacy held Jared tightly with her legs, locking their groins together and grinding herself on him. Helen pressed the vibrator firmly into the flesh above Stacy's hidden clit, goading the young woman's body into greater orgasmic ecstasy.

"Oh god oh god oh god." Stacy babbled. She placed a hand on the back of each woman's head, pressing them into her chest. She could hear the slurp of wetness from where her flowing cunt met her husband's body in constant twists and jumps.

"Don't stop. Oh please don't stop. Give me more."

These were words that Jared had heard a hundred times. He could feel that his wife's pussy was still being wracked with the spasms of orgasm. As was often the case, her body immediately demanded more stimulation. She could cum again and again and again and with each orgasm her need grew.

Stacy began pumping against Jared using her legs to set his pace... a faster and harder pace. Puffing and breathing hard, Jared tried to keep up.

Helen had pulled herself away from Stacy's breast. It was soaked with her saliva and seemed to be glowing with pink arousal. Helen also noticed that the bruising was showing a little more now though she thought it wouldn't end up being too bad.

But what caught her attention was Stacy's face. Her lips were set thinly and her eyes were wide and bright and vacant. The only thing in her mind was the pleasure her body was experiencing.

After Helen had ignored her breast for a few moments, Stacy unconsciously brought a hand to the slick mound of flesh and began kneading it. Not too rough, not too gentle. Just the right amount of stimulation to feed her need.

Helen kept the vibrator working at Stacy's mound but could hear its batteries running down. It had been a rather long night. She had replacement batteries. For that matter, she had other vibrators. But she wanted to do something more for the highly sexed young woman. She just didn't know what. She really felt bad about hurting her tits and didn't want to give her any more reason for concern so some of the wild things she could do to the girl had to be ruled out. She could sit on her face and feed her more pussy but that would probably be more of a distraction than a contribution. And Jared had been quite clear that Stacy didn't like anything near her rectum. That might be something to test in the future but not tonight.

She watched as Stacy's body drove itself to orgasm again. She heard a low moan come from Jared and looked to see him read-faced and gritting his teeth. The poor dear was at the breaking point. He probably would not last through the orgasm Stacy was currently experiencing.

Almost as the thought ran through her mind, Jared's mouth dropped open and a strangled grunt escaped. His body shook against his wife's and his hands went white on her knees. Helen knew he was pumping his wife full of his precious liquor.

Betty lifted away from Stacy's chest and sat watching. She noticed the thoughtful look on Helen's face.

Stacy was still seeing stars. Jared's hot cum splashed against her womb in powerful jets, sending shocks of delight through her body. As he had so many times before, her loving husband was giving himself to her. He collapsed onto her body and she wrapped her arms around his hot, sweating back and held him tightly against her tits.

During a normal night of lovemaking for the Lancasters, Jared would remain buried in his wife long after his orgasm had ended. Even though he was capable of driving her to orgasm three or four times before succumbing himself, she would almost always be hungry for more. So, her pussy would continue to milk his cock as it lost some of its stiffness. She would work her clit and grind her hips, sometimes bringing herself off around a mostly limp dick. But main the benefit of this was that the dick didn't stay limp long.

Of course, even Jared Lancaster could only provide this repeat service three or four times in rapid succession and this night had begun to wear down his stamina. As his cock began to shrink and soften, he knew that he would need a good long breather before anything could bring it back up to ready status.

Helen had risen and gone to the toy box to retrieve something. When she returned to the couple, she took stock of the situation. Jared was clearly spent while Stacy's eyes gleamed brightly. Her face was flushed with arousal and her nostrils open wide. Her hands had descended to Jared's ass and she was pressing him against her hips. She was still trying to milk more pleasure from Jared's body.

Helen laid a hand on Jared's shoulder. Gently, she urged him to disengage from his wife. Stacy looked around questioningly, her face showing a mix of disappointment and anticipation.

Jared made room between Stacy's legs and Helen lied down on her stomach there.

Smiling at the girl's craning head, Helen brought her mouth to Stacy's sex. Her pink slit lay open, wet and inviting. A white gleam at its base showed where Jared's fluids were attempting to escape. Helen extended her tongue and claimed the prize. Holding the small dollop in her mouth, she slowly slid her body up Stacy's, pausing a moment to brush her chin against each pink nipple before meeting Stacy with a deep kiss. The women's tongues caressed one another and traded flavors as well as favors. Stacy was once again struck by how strongly the taste of the sex fluid aroused her.

Letting her hands run along the pale woman's body for a moment as they two kissed, Helen then teasingly slipped away from Stacy's questing tongue and journeyed back down her body, pausing once again to grace her breasts with loving attention.

When Helen reached her destination back between Stacy's thighs, she wasted no time in plunging her face back into her slit. Teasing at her lips while questing deeper with her tongue, Helen consumed Stacy for a minute or two. Stacy sighed and squealed as the experienced swinger treated her to exquisite oral love.

When a strong pre-orgasmic tremor shook Stacy's body, an especially large drop of sex cream bubbled out of her hole. Helen slurped it up and repeated her journey to deliver the prize to Stacy's eager mouth. Again they kissed deeply, both women's passions growing.

When Helen returned to Stacy's pussy, she surreptitiously slid a purple rod into place at the eager, open hole at the base of Stacy's sex. The new toy was a thin wand with a bend and a prominent bulge at the end. Helen flicked a switch on the handle and it began to buzz.

The purple toy was specially designed to reach inside a woman and find her G-spot. It was a no-nonsense kind of tool... find the most sensitive part of a woman's anatomy and apply vigorous vibration. Without explanation or hesitation, Helen slid it into Stacy.

At first, Stacy merely sighed with appreciation. As Helen moved the toy into proper position, she set her mouth against the small mound at the top of Stacy's pussy. When she pressed the toy against Stacy's special bundle of nerves, the young woman groaned loudly "Oh god." Helen ran her teeth gently along Stacy's clitoral hood and licked at the nubbin. Stacy grew stiff at the sensations.

The toy probed and rubbed against the sensitive skin of Stacy's inner chamber. It's vibration penetrated to her core, stirring her already highly inflamed passion. And Helen's skillful manipulation of her small clit magnified the sensation. With her hands against Helen's head in an unvoiced plea for pleasure, Stacy focused on the growing orgasmic pressure. She had been having a steady sting of orgasms for some time and her body had entered a state of hyper-arousal that demanded still more.

"Holy fuck don't stop. I'm cumming again. Please don't stop" Stacy gritted through clenched teeth. Even as her body began to shudder and arch, lifting her hips high off the ground, Helen remained focused on her pulsating sex. Helen had no intention of stopping. She was going to keep working on this horny cunt until Stacy begged her to stop.

Stacy went limp as the sharp climax faded. One hand patted and rubbed Helen's head. "My god that feels good" she moaned. Helen twirled the toy in Stacy's passage, invoking another shudder. She nibbled at Stacy's clit, letting the girl feel the sharpeners of her teeth. Stacy hissed in appreciation. Then Helen dug the end of the vibrator hard against Stacy's G-spot, making her shriek with pleasure. Impossibly, Stacy was already on the verge of another orgasm.

Helen was using every trick in the book on Stacy's cunt. Well, actually, she wasn't. Several of the tricks she knew had a tendency to leave marks and she was still mindful that she could scare the girl off. But she had hit every nook and cranny in Stacy's hot sheath, always returning to her G-spot. Helen had finally worked the tip of her tongue under her clitoral hood, making actual contact with the little pea-sized gland for the first time. She nibbled and sucked at every piece of Stacy's pink sex.

Stacy was reveling in her body's capacity for pleasure. Helen's oral skills and the wonderful vibrator were providing more stimulation than she had ever experienced. They had not only made her cum quickly, they were keeping her charged at a very high state of arousal.

Wanting to take full advantage, Stacy started doing something she very rarely did. She began fighting against the rising urge to cum. As she had matured and begun exploring her sexuality she had discovered her capacity for multiple orgasms and how much she liked them. She had also learned that men couldn't really provide all that she needed. Even her wonderful husband who surpassed every man she had ever been with many times over only managed to set her bar higher.

Because of this, she had always pushed her body hard to achieve orgasm as quickly as possible. A hard cock only lasted so long and she had to get the most out of it. This was also why she'd never learned to suck cock properly... it was wasteful.

Now, with a skilled female swinger giving her so much pleasure with no end in sight, Stacy wanted to make it last; she wanted to let the pressure build up until it simply exploded.

Her eyes were now closed and she held her lips between her teeth. Her hands were balled up at her sides, tense against the carpet.

Helen didn't know why Stacy had gone quiet. She was too stiff to have passed out but Helen raised her head to check on the girl. She saw the look of concentration on the other woman's face. Obviously the slut was intent on getting the most out of what Helen was doing to her.

The swinger didn't want to disappoint.

Helen shifted her grip on the wand shaped vibrator. Gripping the base with the tips of her fingers, she pushed the toy deeply into Stacy. The main rod and head of the toy was only five or six inches long, the handle another three. Helen pushed the entire thing into Stacy with the tips of her fingers. The girl's hot, wet cunt flesh swallowed the toy and trembled against Helen's fingers.

Stacy felt the buzzing toy sink deeper into her body. It left her G-spot behind but spread its influence farther into her body... into places that before tonight had been unexplored. The young woman trembled in her struggle to hold back the pressure of orgasm.

Helen continued to slide her fingers forward into Stacy. The girl's flesh was slick and hot. It seemed eager to accept more. Helen let her four fingers follow the vibrator into Stacy's body. Her tight young flesh began to strain to accept Helen's hand up to the webbing of her thumb.

Stacy had been hot and sweaty for quite a while now but the gibbering excitement her cunt felt at being stretched open around Helen's fingers make fresh beads of sweat spring out across her forehead and upper lip. The fingers weren't too big for Stacy... they were just enough to pull her flesh tight and let her feel the strain. She groaned long and low, the sound shuddering along with the shaking of her over-stimulated body.

Still she fought against climax. She knew instinctively that the harder she fought, the better the release would be.

Helen knew now that Stacy was fighting against her orgasm. She recognized the signs... the tenseness and the determination. The experienced swinger knew how to make it perfect for the girl. She could help to draw it out just a little bit longer.

Helen moved her hand very slowly. The entrance to Stacy's cunt was stretched around her knuckles. Helen rotated and shifted her hand slowly, making sure Stacy could feel every movement but not applying a lot of force anywhere. The vibrator's handle bumped and rolled across the back of Helen's fingers. All of Helen's moves now were gentle but persistent. She held her thumb aloft for the time being and left Stacy's clit untouched.

For about two minutes Helen was able to keep Stacy at the very edge of orgasm, knowing that with each second, a little more pressure was building.

Stacy's hands were white and she was biting her lips hard. Her breasts felt bloated and throbbed in time to her heartbeat. The gentle churn of her insides around the toy and the strain of her stretched cunt burned through her nerves as if they were about to turn to ash.

Helen believed that Stacy had hit the end of the road. Any second, her body would explode. Now was the time to make the pressure jump... to blow through the barrier like a battering ram.

Helen twisted her hand sharply and pressed it firmly into Stacy's flesh. At the same moment, she dug her thumb against her clit.

Stacy jumped and thrashed, her eyes flying open. She had known she was very close to climax but had had no warning of what Helen intended. The sudden sensations shocked through her system, setting off massive explosions in every part of her body. She couldn't breath. Every muscle in her body was locked in straining tension, burning with passion. Her pussy closed in around the vibrator and Helen's hand like a collapsing star.

Helen grinned, watching the young woman. She'd obviously fried every circuit in her body. Her eyes were wide and vacant, her mouth working soundlessly.

For about a minute Stacy was unable to breath... but was unaware of it. The fire shooting through her brain and her body obliterated all concerns and thought.

After that eternal minute she began to gasp. Her arms and legs began to shake and flail as if she were struggling against heavy blankets or a rushing river current. With every breath, different animistic sounds escaped her. She looked a bit like a fish gasping for breath on dry land.

As intelligence and control began to return, Stacy held herself tightly, her arms crossed under her breasts. She rocked slowly and she tried to control her breathing. She was dimly aware that the vibrator was still buzzing beneath her beaver. Helen had withdrawn her hand.

Stacy was finally able to speak. "I have never cum that hard in my life." She croaked.

Helen ran a hand up and down her thigh. It left a trail of cooling fluid. "Glad to hear it." She said. She paused a few second before asking. "Does that mean you've had enough?"

A funny look crossed Stacy's face when she asked that question. One hand slid down to her slit. As her body relaxed, the vibrator began to slide out of her pink hole. She gingerly stroked her pussy lips and the toy's handle. In a voice that sounded slightly awed, she answered, "No. I'm still horny. Oh god, I'm still so fucking horny." Combined with the flushed arousal still on her face was a look of desperate concern.

Helen just laughed. "Now this is my kind of girl."

As Stacy began stroking the vibrator in and out of her pussy, Helen crawled far enough across the floor to reach the double-sided dildo. Stacy was rubbing at her clit and exchanging a strange, guilty looking gaze with her husband when Helen settled back between the girl's thighs. "Oh, don't be that way, girl. It's never wrong to want pleasure."

"Oh god. What's wrong with me?" Stacy whined. Helen tilted her head. Helen had heard similar words before... she'd voiced them herself. But they had always been said in jest... almost as a kind of boast. But Stacy sounded genuinely concerned.

"Honey, all this means is that you like sex. There's nothing wrong with that."

Stacy couldn't find an answer. She felt like she had no control over how her body reacted and she didn't like it. On the other hand... she really really liked how it felt.

Shrugging, Helen bent back down over Stacy's hips. "Well, we can't let you leave this house still horny, can we?"

Deftly moving Stacy's hand out of the way, Helen slid the vibrator wand partially out of Stacy's pussy, pressing it up against the top of her hole. She nudged the head of the rubber dildo into the lower part of her sex. Without conscious will, Stacy relaxed her pussy and Helen saw it open up just a bit under the tension from the wand. Making a noise of approval, Helen pushed the rubber toy home. The head slid smoothly into Stacy's body, sliding along the thin shaft of the wand. Stacy moaned in a combination of guilty misery and pleasure. She was letting this woman do these things to her because her body insisted on more and more pleasure.

The two shafts together weren't as big around as Helen's fingers had been and her hole closed around them comfortably.

Stacy was wiggling her ass as Helen slid inch after inch of rubber into her. With every passing second of the new stimulation, Stacy's silly guilt was washing away.

The shaft of the rubber toy was pressing the knob of the vibrator up against Stacy's G-spot. Even as Helen was still feeding the pink dildo into her pussy, the intense stimulation was recharging Stacy's climax battery. Even after cumming so damn hard her body was still ready for another.

The rubber dildo passed the one foot mark. It's head had begun spreading parts of Stacy's passage that had never been touched before tonight and was offering a little resistance. Helen was satisfied with this depth for the moment. She adjusted her grip and went to work. She bent the toy in her hand and pressed it up against the roof of Stacy's sex, trapping the vibrator between the rubber and Stacy's sensitive flesh. The note of the buzzing changed as the little motor fought to move against the pressure.

Stacy's was squeezing and rubbing her tits, once again with just enough force to be stimulating. She adjusted her legs, pulling her knees up and then spreading them wide. "Oh geeze" she moaned. The buzzing pressure on her G spot and the shifting head of the dildo probing her depths was pleasurable beyond description.
