 She was standing next to her car looking very dejected. I assumed the reason for the dejection was the plume of steam rising from under the bonnet. Never one to ignore a lady in distress, especially a beautiful one, I stopped to see if I could lend a hand.

"Thanks for stopping, damn things always breaking down," she said, kicking the nearest wheel with considerable feeling. "I seem to do more hitching than driving lately."

One look under the bonnet confirmed that the car wasn't going anywhere for the foreseeable future. The radiator had a hole you could put your fist in.

"Can I give you a lift somewhere," I asked.

"Well I'm actually on my way to a job. Would it be too far out of your way to drop me off?"

"Depends where you're working, but I shouldn't think it would be a problem. I'm just heading home. No ones waiting for me."

"It's a bar in town. I'm a stripper for a stag night. You could come and watch if you like."

I looked her up and down, even dressed in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt there was no mistaking that she had a great body and I'd already noticed that her ass was a dream. The face was pretty and the smile genuine. What the Hell I thought... it could be fun. I said that would be fine and she reached into the back of her car for a hold all. It was open and I glimpsed a couple of sex toys in it.

"You use those in your act?" I asked a bit surprised.

"I use everything in my act," she grinned, "I'm not just your run of the mill stripper you know. By the way my names Precious." 

She refused to answer any more questions and my mind was in overdrive trying to figure out what she meant. Upon arrival at the bar she secured me a ringside seat and then disappeared into the back to get changed. There were about maybe a dozen guys at this stag party, all pretty drunk but not too badly behaved. The bridegroom was tied to a chair in the middle of the floor dressed in nothing but his underpants and was being fed beer regularly by his friends.

When she appeared again I did a double take. Gone were the jeans and t-shirt and instead she was wearing a cheerleader uniform complete with pom-poms. The white bolero style top was unzipped to show a generous amount of cleavage and the white satin shorts were so tight they must have been sprayed on. Cute little white ankle socks completed the outfit. The guys went quiet and formed a ring around the small dance floor. The bridegroom looked hypnotized as she danced around him waving her ass just inches from his face. Slowly but surely her clothes came off. The pom-poms were first to go, closely followed by the top. Her breasts stood out proudly, the nipples obviously hard. Lastly came the shorts and there was an audible sigh from the crowd as her finely sculpted ass was revealed in all its glory.

She danced over to a nearby table and picked up a shiny white vibrator. Positioning her self on her hands and knees in front of the hapless groom she began to work it in and out of her pussy. Her cunt was already glistening with juices and I got the distinct impression she was enjoying every minute of this. She began to moan softly as the vibe did its work tickling her swollen clit. She rolled over onto her back legs spread wide and began to ram the vibrator into her pussy using both hands, her moans rising to a little wail as she climaxed right there on the floor.

"Bloody hell," muttered one of the guests "she's a really hot little slut."

But Precious was only just getting warmed up. She got up from the floor and, walking across to the groom, pulling his underpants down over his very stiff cock. 

"Does our little boy want a taste of what he's giving up?" she giggled.

Without further ado she stepped forward and impaled herself on his prick, grinding up and down. She pulled his head to her breasts and he eagerly began sucking on her nipples. I couldn't believe what was happening but soon he was shooting his wad deep into her tight little fuck hole. She got up and turned around.

"I'm still horny," she said, "who else wants a piece?"

I looked around and realized that most of the other guys already had their cocks out and those that didn't were getting them out fast. Surely she wasn't going to take all of them on? Precious looked at me, grinned and winked and I suddenly knew that she was.

Precious dropped to her knees as the first man approached her and took his hard cock in her mouth. Almost immediately another guest approached her from behind and shoved his prick into her cunt from behind. Both men slid their cocks in and out with a steady rhythm. Precious writhed between them thrusting herself backwards and forwards so that first one cock and then the other penetrated her deeply. Other men began to gather round her stroking her breasts, her thighs, her soft belly. Precious was humping like a woman possessed and the two men were unable to resist her charms. Almost simultaneously they pulled out and sprayed her with thick globs of white spunk, one in her face and the other over her taut ass. A man lay on the floor and pulled Precious on top so that she was impaled on his cock facing his head. He reached up and grasped her breasts, kneading and pinching the nipples. In the meantime her mouth was also filled again by a hard prick. A third man then approached and after lubricating his cock with some spit he eased it into her puckered little ass hole. Impaled from three directions precious was being shoved in every direction. She was moaning constantly around the thick cock which was stretching her full lips. Two more cocks were fed into her hands and she was now servicing five men at once and obviously enjoying every minute of it. The evening became a blur of bodies and cum as men spent themselves and were replaced by their fellows. Precious was shining with a mixture of sweat and spunk but her eyes still sparkled. Several times I had been tempted to join in but each time I was forced to remind myself that this wasn't my party and I didn't know these men. I had a raging hard on however through watching this beautiful girl getting fucked every which way imaginable.

Finally the evening came to a halt as all the men were exhausted. Even Precious was looking a little tired as she went through to the back to shower and dress. One of the men pressed a large roll of bank notes into my hand.

"Worth every damn penny," he slurred staggering out after his companions.

Precious appeared from the back of the club dressed once more in jeans and t-shirt and I handed her the money. She shrugged her shoulders.

"I don't really do it for the cash," she said "but it does help pay the bills."

"Besides... I need a new car," she laughed. 

"You've been a very patient boy all evening," she whispered running her finger along my cheek, "so now I think you should take me home and get your reward." 

With that she walked out the door. I walked after her wondering just how insatiable this girl was and thanking all the Gods that her car had broken down when it did.