 Prologue

Stacy and I met as sorority sisters in college and have been soul sisters since. Our relationship blossomed into true sisterhood in a way only possible as roommates in a sorority house. We both arrived at college looking for more than a good education; we came to have fun. It was like showing up for a four-year all-inclusive vacation with academic requirements on the side. Three years after graduating, we are now 25 and working. Little else has changed. 

Stacy is a blonde knockout Southern Belle. She has been a man-magnet from day one, turning heads of envious women and lust-filled men long before we met. She is a statuesque five foot eight, with long blond hair, stunning blue eyes, fair complexion and a radiant smile. Her body is the mold for fit feminine perfection with round 36D firm breasts, tight abs and ass displayed atop long elegant legs. 

If Stacy's body wasn't enough, her personality makes her irresistible. She is sweet, playful, smart and determined. Stacy uses everything she has to get anything she wants.

My name is Monique. I am five foot nine, with short dark hair, high cheekbones, blue eyes and olive skin. My body is more slender, with 32B tits showcasing engorged nipples, and a small tight ass. Much of my height is due to my long legs, fit from training for occasional triathlons. I grew up as a tomboy, but have since learned the benefits of femininity from my roommate. 

Stacy and I compliment each other in ways that are surreal. We know what the other is thinking and can finish one another's sentences. We both appreciate what we have, yet are not shy about using our "assets" to get what we want. We are also both fiercely competitive. Our competitiveness makes us unstoppable as a team, and playful with each other. As Stacy always says, "winning isn't personal, winners just use what they have to get what they want."

Our first three years of college were filled with parties, concerts, frat invitations and the all-around enjoyment of men. Stacy and I even shared one spontaneous night of drunken intimacy our junior year after a wild sorority party. We were so comfortable with each other after rooming for more than two years that the sex felt natural and sizzling. We are both hot-blooded women who love men, with no interest in a lesbian relationship. But we both also love sex, and that night together was all about pleasuring each other for hours until we fell asleep naked, wrapped in one another's arms. It was the greatest experience of oral sex I have ever had. Stacy knew what she loves from the touch of a skilled tongue and lips, and unleashed her passion on my desperate pussy as if it were her own. My body succumbed to wave after wave of orgasms that left me wrecked. I was only glad to reciprocate. There was something magical in that night, and our relationship ever since.

Everything changed our last year of college, when Stacy started dating Tony. Tony was another example of Stacy's ability to date anyone she wanted. They met in a class, but their relationship took off through extramural activity. Tony is a six foot four athlete with a muscular build. He has sandy brown hair, dark eyes and a quite possibly the sexiest smile I've ever seen. He is intelligent, playful, has a great sense of humor, and can handle's Stacy strong personality, which is no small accomplishment. Crowds stop at their magnificence when the two of them walk down the street or into a room together. They are beautiful.

I knew Tony was special when Stacy became almost exclusive with him. The many reasons for Stacy to choose Tony seemed obvious, on the outside. What wasn't to love about Tony? But Stacy frequently boasted to me that there was one quality about Tony that was worth giving up her freedom for. With all of the men she had known, she had never met anyone who could perform sexually like Tony. "No one makes love to me like Tony, no one can take me like he does. There are men who are good lovers, and then there is my lover who is the ultimate man," Stacy boasted. After dating a little over two years, Tony popped the question six months ago, and in only three short months they will be married. I will be her maid of honor.

Chapter One

"Hey sexy, you look hot," I said to Stacy as I walked up to the bar she was sitting at. She was wearing a low cut red cocktail dress with matching four-inch heels. People and music filled the popular establishment. It wasn't uncommon for the two of us to grab drinks on a Friday evening during happy hour, before beginning any weekend plans we had. 

"Thank you," Stacy answered, turning her bar stool around toward my familiar voice. "You look hot yourself." I wore a shimmering short blue top without a bra, complimented by a black miniskirt to show off my legs, with three-inch heels.

We sat and talked for an hour, enjoying the soft buzz from the drinks, and the usual attention of men being more than obvious in their hope for a Friday night score. Most of them would be glad for either of us; some almost cum their pants when we tease them about both of us going home with them. The attention and free drinks are recreational, like fishing in a fish tank. If someone comes on too strong, Stacy just flashes the large rock on her left hand, and the fish scurry.

Beyond the drinks, we mostly just love catching up at the end of a long week, especially if Stacy's weekend plans involve being alone with Tony and his legendary sex. After a few drinks and all the usual attention from men at the bar, Stacy always turns the conversation to her favorite topic, sex. She almost always details the plans and hopes she has for the weekend with Tony. Tonight was no different.

"After all that Tony did for me last week, I've decided to take the initiative all weekend and seduce the hell out of him," she shared.

"That sounds hot," I answered. "What are you going to do?"

"To start, I ordered a four-course fancy meal with wine that I'll pick up on the way over to his place before he gets home from work. I'm going to fill the place with candles and soft music. When he comes home, he'll kick his shoes off like he always does, and then my seduction begins. We'll start with drinks and slow dancing to put him in the mood before I serve the appetizer. The fun begins when I whisper in his ear that before every course is served, we choose one piece of clothing to remove from the other person. I'll build suspense and anticipation with a little rule that any part of the body still clothed is off limits to touch, but anything uncovered is free to have our way with any way we want.

"Gawd, you're making me wet just thinking about it."

"What makes it better, is the only thing I am wearing under this dress is my skimpiest thong," she said with a sexy smile. "By the time we get to the salad, my entire body will be available to him."

"Damn Stacy, it doesn't get more gourmet than that!" I fantasized.

"I'm going to mercilessly tease him, not taking off his boxers until we get to the final course. I'll stretch each course out, toying with him in every possible way. Knowing Tony, he'll be ready to explode by the time we get to dessert. His dick will be aching for me. What a dessert it will be!"

"Shit, he WILL be the dessert!" I answered. "He's going to serve you more fresh Crème Brule a' la Tony than you can swallow!" 

"He'd love that," Stacy said. "I just don't," Stacy's voice trailed off.

"Don't what?" I asked excitedly, imagining the delicacy of Tony's endless cum pouring down my best friend's beautiful throat. 

"Swallow," Stacy finished with a whisper. "I'll do anything he wants, but I don't like to swallow," she repeated. 

"What?" I asked stunned.

"I just can't, I never have," she tried to explain. "Tony is patient and understanding about it. I think it goes back to my Southern upbringing. Even when I'm giving him a blow job, I either pull off and spray his cum all over me or I jump him to fill my pussy."

"Nothing about Southern upbringing in that, girl," I argued. "I know Southern debutants who swallow so much cum from their men they consider it one of their essential basic food groups."

Stacy laughed. "I know, you're right. No one is probably better at wrapping their lips around a man than us Southern girls."

We both emptied our drinks and ordered another.

"Tony begs me to swallow him," she confessed. "He loves the way my lips feel around him. He loves the way my tongue works him over."

"I can vouch for that," I said with a smile. "And as I recall, you drank me dry all night long."

Stacy smiled again. "Yes I did, and you weren't so bad yourself." We clanked our glasses as a toast to fond memories. 

"I sometimes dream about giving Tony the best head of his life, draining and swallowing every drop from him. Then I wake up."

Her words sent the fleeting thought of how many women would love to satisfy her Tony orally. I can only imagine how big and satisfying his dick would be from all that Stacy has said. She has bragged about being drenched and bathed in his cum. To drink from him would be a four-course meal itself. I felt my pussy moisten at the thought.

"A lot of women out there would love the chance to drink from that fountain," I said, playfully licking my lips.

Stacy smiled her confident grin. "Not a chance. He's too loyal. He would never do anything to risk losing all of this," she said confidently running both hands down her sexy body. "As much as he may want it, he'd rather have this."

"You sound pretty sure. No one could seduce him?" I asked.

"No one," she bolstered. "Not even you making your best seductive moves," she added with a wink and a smile. "And I know how good you are."

Her words felt like an unsolicited challenge. "What do you mean not even me?" I asked, feeling a little defensive.

"I didn't mean that as a dis Monique," she said. "What man wouldn't want you? There isn't a man out there who could resist your moves, except for Tony. The only reason my Tony can resist you, is because he has me."

"That sounds like a dare," I said half playfully and half seriously.

"Take it how you want," Stacy said confidently. "I'm just saying."

An awkward tension rose between us. I knew what Stacy meant, and was glad for the relationship and confidence she shared with Tony. I swallowed my pride, but felt a growing desire to swallow Tony. Stacy pushed my competitive button. Of all people, she should know better. I tried to shake it off. 

"Well, speaking of him having me, I better get going. I have a dinner to serve." Stacy gave me a sisterly peck on the cheek with a smile. "Don't go and do anything I wouldn't," she whispered with a wink. She sauntered out the room, leaving me alone in a fish tank full of hungry fish.

I couldn't help but still feel the sting of her challenge. She was right that I could bed most any man. I will probably take my pick of those at the bar tonight, and use him all night long for my sexual pleasure. 

There is something irritating when someone tells me I can have every option but one. It's like someone telling a child they can have any toy but that one in the middle. It's like a man telling a woman they can have any jewel but the one in that special case. It's like another woman telling me I can get any man but theirs. The toy or jewel, or in this case, the man I'm told I can't have becomes the one I want the most. Could Tony really resist my seduction, if given the chance? 

Stacy's words swirled around my head like the ice in my glass: "don't go and do anything I wouldn't." Ironically, the one thing she wouldn't do is the one thing I now want most, and I want it from the one person she said I couldn't get. I couldn't help but appreciate the double entendre of her invitation to "take it how I want."

Maybe it was the drinks, but my competitive juices flowed as if racing toward a triathlon finish line. I run to win, I compete for the prize. I began to strategize. I have no desire to take Tony from Stacy, only to give him the one thing she won't, and the one thing I now want most. Is it OK to want to taste another woman's man, especially my best friend? I know the answer is usually no, but the serious thought of it never occurred until she practically dared me. She didn't deny the challenge. She reveled in the thought she had someone I couldn't get, and practically taunted me to give her the pleasure of proving it. As Stacy often says, it's not personal, it's just a winner using what they have to take what they want. 

I would only have three months to answer the challenge. For now, Tony is officially single and fair game. In three months, the finish line is drawn on their wedding day. Tonight he would be hers. But the next three months are mine, to find a way to take Tony the one way Stacy won't. 

Chapter Two

The next Saturday, Tony and Stacy invited some friends over for an afternoon BBQ and outdoor games at Tony's place. It was a hot afternoon and people dressed accordingly. I wore my sexiest neon green string bikini with short blue jean cut-off shorts. One of the gifts of this swimsuit is it leaves very little to the imagination, especially when wet. The other dozen guests similarly showed off their physiques with various stages of undress, suitable for a summer gathering. Stacy looked stunning in her tropical bikini and white short shorts. Seriously, who can compete with that body of hers? 

I took every opportunity during the first couple hours to begin a low-level seduction of Tony. It was nothing unusual or obvious: a gentle touch on his back or leg, laughter at his jokes, coy looks, bending down to grab a beer from the cooler in a way that gifted him with a full view of my breasts with swollen nipples, followed by eye-contact with a smile. Everyone was feeling the positive effects of the beer and other drinks. With the party in full swing and the outdoor games underway, I saw Tony go into the kitchen to replenish food for the outdoor tables. Stacy was enthralled in one of the games. I followed Tony in.

"Hey Tony," I said with an unapologetic seductive voice, "nice party."

"Oh, you surprised me Monique," Tony said genuinely as he turned around. "Glad you could come," he said. 

"I love to come," I said, allowing an intentional pause before adding, "to your parties." I ran my fingers up and down the front strings of my bikini. My body glistened with sweat from the heat of the afternoon and the moment standing alone in the kitchen with Tony. "You look great," I complimented, looking up and down his toned body, covered only by a pair of running shorts.

"Ah, thanks," Tony said appreciating the compliment but feeling a little awkward with my obvious flirtation. "So do you."

"I'm glad you think so. I actually wore this little thing for you." The sexual tension rose another notch. "So, you are officially single for just a little less than three months now."

"Yep, tying the knot. Hard to believe."

"No more playing around, sampling the variety and delicacies out there like you can now, while you're still single."

"I guess so," he said. "Glad to have Stacy. She's something else."

"Yes she is," I agreed. "She is that something else you will enjoy for the rest of your life. Everything she is, everything she does, and every thing she doesn't do, for the rest of your life."

"Yep," he said. "I'm looking forward to it."

"Which makes these next several weeks a unique opportunity like you will never have again Tony."

"How do you mean?" he asked.

"To live. To play. To enjoy everything and everyone you can enjoy now, but won't be able to after you are married."

"Like what? Like who?" Tony asked genuinely.

"Like me," I answered boldly, running my hands across my body. "Like this."

"Are you coming on to me?" Tony asked, surprised but also flattered.

"This is your time to have fun, Tony, with no consequences. I'm just saying I know there are some things, at least one, that Stacy won't do in bed, as much as she wants to. There isn't one thing I won't do Tony. The beauty of it is there are no strings attached. No expectations. Pure fun, purely physical. It would be two friends enjoying wild, unlimited sex while they can, before one of them goes off and gets married to the other's best friend. Stacy doesn't have to know. It's an opportunity just about every man I know wished they had before they got married. I'm giving that opportunity to you." 

It was impossible for Tony's small running shorts to hide his arousal and interest in my proposal. "Ah, I'm flattered Monique. I really am. As tempting as it is, I just can't, with Stacy and all."

"Glad you find me tempting," I interrupted. "If there was ever a time to allow yourself the pleasures of temptation, it's in these next few weeks before you are married."

"Ah, yeah," Tony stammered. "That's true, but dangerous," he said glancing out the window to see his guests and his fiancé still preoccupied with the games outside.

"Actually, think about it Tony. I'm your safest option, and by coincidence, your most willing option. Someone else out there wouldn't know and love Stacy like I do. I would never want to hurt her. Our secret would be more safe with me than anyone else," I added with a wink. "No need to decide now lover, but time is running out. Take it or leave it. Once your wedding day comes, the offer goes away forever. Until then, well, it's limited only by your imagination."

I gave him a peck on the cheek with a slight caress of his abdomen before turning to allow him to watch me walk out of the room. "Think about it, Tony," I said as I disappeared around the corner. "The ball's in your court." His facial expression and the tent of his shorts told me my plan of seduction was well underway. 

Tony's head swirled. My proposal seduced him on many levels: his logic, emotions and male lust. He wrestled whether to tell Stacy, or to keep even my proposal a secret. He didn't want to risk ruining the friendship his fiancé and her maid of honor had enjoyed for so many years, especially right before the wedding. 

After the party guests had left, Stacy was helping Tony clean up from the party. "I saw Monique come in while the games were going on," she said. I was reminded how nothing gets past her. "What did you two talk about?"

"To be honest, she kind of came on to me," Tony said honestly.

"Doesn't surprise me," she answered. "She has always thought you were sexy. I even dared her to try to seduce you, knowing you are so loyal." 

"You dared her to come on to me?" Tony asked. "You two talked about this?"

"I guess we did," Stacy said with a smile. "I told her she could give it her best shot, but I knew you were loyal to this." Stacy ran her hands down her body again as she had with me in the bar. 

"That's kind of hot," Tony said impressed. I'm suddenly ready for another four-course meal like we had last weekend," he said playfully, as he reached up to remove her bikini top.

"Sounds good to me," she answered, "then I'll take those shorts." Stacy and Tony made love the rest of the evening, fueled by the passion of my proposal.

As impassioned as their sex was, Tony couldn't shake the boldness and opportunity of my offer. There was no question about his love for Stacy, but the seed of my invitation had planted in his imagination and began to germinate. No one was more attractive to him than Stacy, but that didn't mean he didn't find me and other women desirable. Somehow the temptation was more tantalizing knowing my seduction was a dare from Stacy. He knew I would never do anything to hurt her. Tony struggled to shake the realization that his days as a single man were numbered. So were the opportunities that come along with being single. My seduction infiltrated his imagination in a way that preoccupied his day and night dreams.

Chapter Three

I waited several days before initiating more contact, to allow Tony's imagination to do its work for me. The way had been paved for bolder advances and conversations. The following Friday, Stacy and I met at the bar again, for our usual rendezvous.
