 My name is Cindy and I was a university gymnast. I had a 4 year scholarship, a tight little leotard and all the trappings that went with it. I also had a growth spurt later in life that developed my breasts into DDs and that kept me from doing the tricks of a girl with A's or B's.

That's okay though, for a surf chick in Los Angeles it left me with a very flexible body, broad shoulders that tapered down to a narrow waist, and a very tight ass. It also left me with a taste for being in front of a lot of people with very little on. Perhaps that's where I picked up my exhibitionist streak and my love of hitting the beach with my bikini to enjoy the sun and the stares.

I work in a small design firm but I'm pretty much a beach girl. There's just nothing like a bathing suit and the attention it brings to get a girl moist. I also love the sexy dudes that hang out there. Most are laid back and not too serious, but there are a few who are still driven enough to have their shit together.

That's how I fell in with my posse of dudes that I hang with - Brad, Marc and Steve. If we're not at the beach we usually connect at their home in the Hollywood hills, getting stoned and chilling on their deck or in their pool, looking out over LA.

They were on the university swim team but now surf when they can as we all push each other to keep our heads and our bodies in shape.

It was a kick back Sunday and I was hanging back at my beach bungalow deciding what to do. My cell went off. I saw it was Brad. It was an invite to swing up for a stoned and chill afternoon. I laughed as I got in my car and dropped the top. Their pad was incredible. They worked nice jobs and pooled their money on a tricked out pad with amazing views of LA.

I parked and made a B-line for the pool, I made myself at home as I always do. My three besties were lounging on the deck in their Speedos with beers in their hands. 

I heard their "Hey Cin's" and gave them all a white smile as they passed a joint to me. In no time at all we had fallen into our comfy banter. 

The smoke hot me a little harder than usual as I sat back on a lounger. Ahhh, I thought to myself, this is going to be a good day.

It was Marc who said, "Oh yeah, be careful with that stuff, it's a new batch of herb from up north."

I was feeling good and free and undid my top to feel the sun's rays on he girls, otherwise known as my ample breasts. 

I could hear the cat calls and the "whatcha doin over there Cin?"

I just smiled with my eyes closed. "Something I don't do nearly enough, enjoying the warmth," I threw back at them. "I hope you boys don't mind."

Apparently nobody minded so i just sank back into the lounger as I began to massage lotion onto my stomach and my breasts, paying special attention to my oh so sensitive nipples. 

"Enjoying the sun and the smoke Cin?" Brad called over. 

I smiled at the three of them from beneath my sunglasses. "Just protecting myself from the sun," I replied. 

"That's what it looks like," he replied as my toying with my nipples caught the attention of Marc and Steve. I was feeling mischievous and incredibly aroused from the lotion and the thought of teasing my three boys. I let my right hand slide from my nipple to the waist-line of my bikini bottom. I figured it was safe as my fingers started to massage my kitten through the thin fabric of my bathing suit.

I could feel that tight little bundle of pleasure fire up as it lay there with the thought of being a wicked exhibitionist and an out and out tease. It felt so wrong but it felt so right. I could see the three of them with their swimmer bods and their penises growing harder every time my finger circled my clit.

"You boys should really give it a try sometime. Who knows you might like it."

Steve and Brad laughed as Marc reached down and began to outline what looked like a monster dick with his finger. I had heard the rumors, but thought it was just hearsay. Now I was beginning the think differently. Let's just say I was intrigued.

I watched for a brief second before sliding my bottom aside and touching my well trimmed patch and shaved pussy in that same slow circle of masturbation. I kept her well trimmed for the beach, you know, just in case.

Steve and Brad stopped laughing as the three of them stared at me. I was daring them and they knew it, but it was Marc who stepped out of his skimpy swimsuit and took a step forward. His hand was wrapped around what must have been at least eight inches of one of the most beautiful penises ever. It was long and straight with a gorgeous mushroom of a head. His fingers just made it around as he took a stroke. I can't swear to it but I think I saw a full drop of cum just holding on to his slit.

I mean he was seriously a Greek statue come to life. Broad sun kissed shoulders that tapered down to a narrow waist, long well muscled legs and that beautiful clock he was stroking. With every step I watched as his tan was a perfect outline of the tight Speedos he wore.

Steve and Brad must have sensed the change in the air as they too dropped their swimsuits and followed Marc, penises in hand, and not bad ones either. Steve's was thinner but a good six or seven inches and Brad carried a nice six and half but what looked like a sizeable width that I felt would surely stretch my lips if I ever got it into my mouth.

Wait a minute did I actually say that? My mind started to panic. What am I doing? These are my boys. These are the dudes I always hung with. Yes, there had always been a fun sexual tension between us, but that was just us kidding around wasn't it?

I saw the relaxed smiles, smirks and grins on their faces and felt myself calm down as the pace of my fingers on my clitoris grew deeper and more intense. My left hand didn't ask permission it just slid into my soaking wet pussy. I felt two of my fingers slide up into her as the three guys came around to watch the show I was putting on for them unfold.

It was so intense. It was so hot. I think it was Marc who even said "you can stop anytime you want, just say the word."

Stop? There was just no way I could do that. I was too gone to stop! I may regret it but I was not going to miss out on three of the most beautiful guys I would ever know in the prime of their sexuality. NO!

I felt Steve's fingers mimicked my own as he gently touch my pussy, stroking it up and down, following the curves of my labia. Marc and Brad stood on either side of my head one on the left and one on the right. I felt like the richest girl in the world with my pussy being well attended to and two gorgeous cocks to choose from. I reached up and felt the weight of both of their balls as Steve went to town licking the lips to my pussy. Ohhhhh, he was good. He paid attention to the folds on each side before sliding his tongue into me. My fingers continued to massage my clit until he wrapped his lips around it and gently sucked and nibbled on her. Oh she was enjoying the attention. I took my fingers way from their slow massage pushing his head against my clit, urging him to suck harder and deeper.

It worked. He knew exactly what to do as I moved from the balls of one of my boys to this cock. I let that ripe plum go as it was plucked from my mouth as I kept my eyes closed.

I didn't want to ruin the surprise, but it had to be Marc because it just tasted like one of the most magnificent cocks I had ever had in my mouth. It was long and carried weight. I allowed it to fall heavily on my tongue as I licked and circled the head before taking it deep into my mouth just touching my throat. I had given it as much saliva as I could to lubricate its way, pulling back to play with the head and trying to lubricate it even more for my next attempt to work it down my throat. My right hand was wrapped around Brad's cock with my fingers barely touching, God it was thick.

I couldn't help but think of the words Beer can Brad because that's what it felt like. Those words were quickly followed by the brief thought of "how am I going to fit that in me?" It didn't last for long as they switched sides, Brad was now on my right and Marc was on my left with Steve still playing and tasting Ms Puss.

I felt Marc and Brad's hands and mouths playing with my breasts, teasing my nipples with gentle pulls and flicks. I almost came then and there, but I pulled back, wanting this to never stop. My right hand reached under Brad to finger his balls and massage that spot just beneath them that I knew drove men crazy. He responded in kind with moans and groans and a "keep going" in between his pants. I obliged by sliding one of my fingers further back and up in between two gloriously firm cheeks. I did the same with Marc whose knees buckled a bit before he stood up right.

I continued to finger them both, not pushing in, but massaging the wrinkled skin around their assholes. Their cocks were both in my mouth, sword fighting for my tongue. I licked them both and lay back. Watching as Steve gave my pussy the tongue lashing of a lifetime and enjoying the view of rubbing two cocks together before taking them back into my mouth for more spit and more lube.

What was happening was a girl's dream or at least it was for me. Two cocks that I could rub together and play with as I wanted with a very talented tongue going to town on my pussy, and then, wait, was he going down further to rim my ass?

Ohhhhhhhhh, yesssssssssss he was. Oh, oh, oh it was a delicious rim job, the kind a girl like me rarely gets. I picked up my hips for him to go further and was rewarded with a finger just touching the edge of my ass. His mouth and tongue moved back up to my clit as his finger pushed up into me.

I think I cried "Oh Steeeeeeeeeve," before bringing the two cocks back into my mouth. I felt him drip saliva or maybe it was my own juices onto my finger and his anus so that he would have an easier time sliding it in.

The sun, the lounger, the three men and their minstrations, the smoke, my own hunger to be the center of attention, it was just too delicious an afternoon. I heard Marc whisper in my ear, "I'm going to fuck you." He didn't ask. He wasn't demanding I fuck him. He simply stated what he was going to do with his gorgeous eight inch cock and I simply nodded "yes" in response.

I could feel when Steve's lips and tongue left me to be replaced by one of the greatest shafts my lips had ever parted to. His cock entering me was sublime. There was no resistance. My pussy simply parted as he entered me. My lips pulled back and my pussy, already so well lubricated, welcomed him in. I had to pause my attention on the two penises in my hands and mouth to sigh such a wonderful sigh of satisfaction.

This was how we spent most of the afternoon. Sucking and fucking with an occasional spray of cum on my face or on my breasts. When that rare spray landed on my face I usually giggled and tried my best to scoop it into my mouth. The taste of salty sweetness reminded me of the sea - musty, briny, slick and thick as it slid down my tongue. When one of them came on my breasts I pulled on my nipples before massaging it into my breasts and stomach.

Whether it was soon or later, at some point one of the boys would lay on top of me, their sweaty bodies making sure the cum was spread evenly between us. At times one of them would forget and lick or fondle my breasts before realizing where the slick taste of cum had come from.

Either Marc or Brad would reach down to hold both of their cocks to my waiting tongue or they would reach down to help Steve fuck me by guiding his cock in. They would laugh and shrug without an apology which just made me begin to flow again, lubricating myself for another never-ending round of sex. I lost myself to the sensations of pleasure and exploration. When the sun finally dropped we all sat around the fire pit with Indian blankets, laughing and talking about what we were doing. It was post-coital chit chat that made us all realize we were going to be just fine after this. That this was something we were all going to be comfortable with, and no, it was very likely that there would be more, much much more of this in store for the future.

It was a good feeling to know that we could all cum together and still be friends.

After all, isn't that the way it's supposed to be?