 Well, where do I start? My husband had been invited to a stag party by a friend of a friend who he had meet at a meeting a several weeks ago. It was to be a private party held in a large hall that they were hiring for the occasion so they could have a good time, porno films, strip o gram, etc, but he had also told me that he had been asked to show the video of me that was made at the hotel in my story hotel whore.

As he was telling me about it I thought this was a good chance for another good gangfuck, lots of hard cock, so I asked if he could arrange for me to be the entertainment there as I was going to be on show to them anyway, if he didn't mind."Your a fucking dirty slut Kathy" he said as bent me over the table, ripped my thong off and pumped his hard cock into my wet cunt. After he said he would have a word about the party, and I knew he would as he loved to see me gangbanged and abused.

Several days had passed by the time he said he had arranged it. They were dead keen to have me, considering he had told them I was a nympo slut who was up for anything.

The night of the party I dressed in a very short tight black dress, 4inch high heels, and was not wearing any underwear. When we arrived, there must have been at least 25 other guests as well as the bar staff there. I was taken to the organizer who said to my husband " so this is the slag who's going to entertain us is it, very nice" my husband said yes, and she is one hell of a good fuck as well, he replied, we'll find out later when we fuck all her, first she can wait on the guests as we watch the slut on video on the large screen tv.

As I was fetching and carrying drinks the men were groping my ass and cunt and making lewd comments to me about what was being done to me in the video and how I was going to get more of that later. It wasn't long before I was told to strip and let the perspective groom have first shag. I removed my dress and stood in just my heels, my ass, tits and shaven cunt on view ready to be violated by every one. I was taken to a table, my ass swaying and tits wobbling as I walked through the crowd and pushed back onto it. My legs were pulled wide apart showing the entrance to my wet smooth shaven hole. He first went done on me licking along the lips, biting on my clit, then sticking his tongue up inside, I held onto his head grinding my cunt into his face, then Cumming, my love juices flowing over his face and in his mouth. He then stood up, got his cock out, and said now the fun begins and with that rammed his large hard cock deep inside me with one lunge to the cheers of his mates.

The best man then decided to get in on the act and grabbed a handful of my hair and used it to force my mouth onto his cock, then fucked my face hard using my hair to yank my head up and down causing me to deep throat him and making me gag. Both men came together filling my cunt and mouth with cum, it dribbling out of the corners of my mouth and down my chin. “Right guys, the slags all yours now,” the groom shouted to the room full of men.

This was now the start of a marathon fuck with all the men queuing up to fuck my ass, cunt or mouth, a lot of the time all three at once. Several men seemed to love to have me tit wank them until they shot their load over my neck and face, but most of them just took pleasure in fucking my holes or seeing how many cocks could be forced up my cunt and ass at once and in humiliating me. Ever one had me suck his cock and balls clean after they had fucked me in either of my holes.I just lay there in all my nakedness, my legs wide apart, my tits jiggling, and animal moans of lust coming from my mouth as the cocks were fed one after the other into my willing body. 

The best man stood by videoing it all and shouting out “Who’s next in line to fuck the whore” to the queue of men, the bar staff included. Lots of the men liked me to lick their ass holes. They spread their ass cheeks and pushed their poop hole into my face. I licked and probed their ass holes with my tongue as others were fucking mine the other end. By the end I had cum pouring from all my holes, in my hair, over my face and the rest of my body. I was also made to lick up all the cum that had dribbled onto the table and on to the floor. 

I was then told that I ought to be punished for being such a cum loving whore to which the all agreed. My hands were tied and ropes fastened to both my ankles, I was then strung upside down to the roof beams, my legs in the air and wide apart. They had padded the ropes around my ankles so they wouldn't cut in at all, but I was fully exposed and open to them.

I felt the blood running to my head but did not have this sensation to think about for long, as I heard a loud crack and felt a searing pain across my ass as a leather belt made contact with my naked flesh. I let out a cry, then there was another crack, then another, my ass cheeks were on fire and everybody was cheering and shouting for the slut and slag to be punished more.

Lots of men took there turn in strapping my ass, the back of my thighs and ass were marked and bright red, they then decided to change to the front. One man started squeezing my tits and pinching my nipples hard causing me to scream which only made him pinch and twist them more. He said I loved the pain didn't I, that it made me cum, and that I wanted them to whip my tits and cunt as well. I shouted out " that if that's what all you fucking dirty bastards wanted to do to me, to get on and do it, whip the fucking whore sluts cunt and tits, make me scream and cum". I felt the belt lash against my tits, the pain making my nipples stand out large and erect, several more times the leather made contact with them turning them bright red, and leaving marks across them and my stomach.

The belt was then lashed across my exposed, gapping, cum soaked cunt, I screamed again, crying out to whip it more, make me cum. It was rained down again and again on my abused pussy, and at the same time another man had taken to whacking my ass again with a flat piece of wood he had found, others liked to use their hands to slap my upturned cunt and ass, making sure they caught my clit on every swipe. This was making me orgasm over and over again. I was screaming out how I loved to be naked, punished and humiliated in front of people. You could hear the slap of hands and the crack of the leather belt on my naked ass and cunt above all the laughing and shouting, as well as my cries of pain and pleasure from having my abused naked body tortured. One man thought it a laugh to shove a bottle in my cunt until only the neck was showing and a pool cue in my ass hole then have his picture taken along side me holding onto the cue. “Be a fucking good photo to show the guys at work, hey guys,” he shouted to all his mates.

After they had finished my body was covered in red marks. I told them my ass and cunt were on fire, so one of them said this will cool them down, and got out his cock and pissed all over me, everybody laughed and thought this was fun so several more took their turn pissing over my ass and cunt, onto my tits and face, and into my open mouth, making a large pool on the floor beneath me. 

When I was finally let down I fell into this pool of piss and was made to writhe around in it while others poured beer on me or wanked and pissed over me more. During this I also put on a show for them wanking myself to several climaxes with various objects I had been given such as a dildoe, large cucumber, banana, and bottles etc, thrusting them deep up my ass and cunt. “That’s right you filthy cunt, shove them right up those well used holes of yours,” men were shouting.

After I was taken outside and washed down with a hose pipe, but before I left I was once again lifted on to a car bonnet in the car park on view to anybody who passed by were the groom shagged me then the rest of them all queued up in line for one last fuck of one or both of my holes.

The groom kept my dress as a souvenir so as usual I had to go home naked, cum oozing from my ass and cunt onto the car seat. Several lorry drivers had a good look at my naked body on the way home.

My body was covered in whip marks, love bites and scratches, and my ass was stinging, and as for my cunt, well you could get a fist up there with all the reaming out it had got, it would take a few days to shrink back down again.

My husband said on the way home, had I enjoyed the party, I said I had loved all those cocks pounding into me, when was the next one. He said I was such a fucking slut, and perhaps he should take the advice of some of the men at the party and hire me out to a cheap whore house to use how they wanted to, where I could have as much cock and humiliation as I wanted and they would get paid for my services, I would be paid nothing. I replied "then perhaps he ought to look into it for me, all the cock and deprived things I would be asked to do sounds fun. I could be their star tart". 

Kathy.