 We finally did it! Big bonus checks in hand, debt paid, we booked our week on the Stargazer. We packed our own small bag and were off to the airport. You looked fabulous! Black body suite, shorts and high heel sandals. You legs went on forever. We had a direct flight to St. Marteen. We arrived at 2:30pm and were greeted by a limo driver who took us to the docks.

Sitting in the back of the limo my hand on your silky smooth thigh we made out all the way to the docks. Our tongues danced in each other’s mouths – we could not stop for a second. The car came to a stop and it wasn’t until the driver opened the door that we noticed we were there. 

We got out and saw the boat – it was as beautiful as we imagined, as was the water and the ocean set out before us. As we approached the boat the captain and mate (husband and wife) came out from under deck. They were very friendly and welcomed us aboard. They were dressed in kacky shorts and white Stargazer t-shirts. They were both very attractive.

We quickly put our things in the cabin – it was beautiful. Rich wood molding throughout, a king size bed with beautiful comforter and pillows embossed with the Stargazer emblem. CD player, VCR, TV, crystal glasses and champagne on ice. We gave each other a deep kiss then went on deck to watch as we left port.

It was beautiful as the sails were set and we drifted out of the harbor to the calm ocean. We sat on the front of the boat watching each other, the scenery and our crew. The crew worked hard making us feel comfortable and relaxed. They kept telling us it was our cruise and it was whatever we wanted. We told them romantic, exotic and erotic and left it to them. 

As the boat move silently through the water the captain said it would be a couple hours to our first destination – a secluded island with a fabulous cove where we would have dinner and dock for the night. He suggested we nap after our long trip. We agreed and went below deck. We kissed then you went to our private bathroom and I lay on the bed. 

You soon came out of the bathroom totally naked. Your tits looked so wonderful, your nipples firm and erect. And your pussy, oh you’re pussy, trimmed to perfection with just a hint of pubic hair above your pussy lips. You demanded that I get out of my clothes immediately. You were so wet and hot for me. Before I knew it you were astride my stomach bending down to kiss me. As your tongue went into my mouth your pussy started sliding onto my already rock hard cock. You were dripping wet and it felt so good as my cock opened your lips and was swallowed by your pussy.

You slowly sat up and my cock went even deeper inside you. Much to both of our delights. Your moans and the feel of being deep inside you almost made me come instantly. But I kept in control. Slowly you raised and lowered your pussy on my cock. We felt so close – so one. I reached up and grabbed your tits as we made love. Without saying a word you jumped off me, jumped on the bed and showed me you wanted my dick in your pussy from behind. Your hand reached behind you as your fingers parted your pussy lips. Wetness was everywhere. I got on my knees and my cock entered you pussy as you moaned with delight. The gentle motion of the boat and the beautiful water outside the porthole made the moment even more special. We made love like that for ten minutes. At first my strokes were slow and gentle, but they increased in speed and intensity as you moaned longer and louder. We both exploded in ecstasy! We held each other like we would never let go and fell asleep for our nap.

We were woken by a knock on the door and the captain’s wife’s (Tina) voice telling us it was about one hour before dinner. We asked if we could have two hours and she said sure. The boat was not moving and through our sleepy eyes we could tell we were moored in the cove. The cove we were in had the bluest water, whitest sand beach and greenest trees we had ever seen.

We laid in bed for a little while then you asked me if I minded getting ready for dinner by myself and then going up on deck. I looked kind of strange at you but you told me you wanted to surprise me with your outfit for the evening. I smiled, gave you a long kiss and started massaging you tits. You moaned and grabbed my cock before pushing me away telling me to wait for later. 

I quickly showered and got dressed. White shorts and a silk shirt. Then I told you how much I loved you and started to go on deck. You said hold on a minute and told me you thought I looked great and that you were wetter now than before. I smiled and left you to get ready.

When I got on deck I could smell our dinner cooking. It was wonderful. Tina and Gill had set the table on the large back deck of the boat. They both asked how our nap was with a grin. I told them it was incredible. They told me they could see how much we loved each other just from the looks in our eyes. They always enjoyed cruising with couples who were so obviously crazy about each other.

They offered me a drink but I said I would wait for you. We talked about the boat and sailing and the islands we would be visiting. All the time they were busy preparing the evening meal. After about 45 minutes a look of wonder and lust came over both of their faces. As they looked up they instinctively put their arms around each other. They smiled and nodded in you direction.

I turned and there you were. Goddess of beauty was the only way to describe you. Your face was radiant, your hair was put up, perfectly accentuating your incredible face. Your lips were moist and smiling. You had on a white tub top that held your breast perfectly. Just the slightest hint of your nipples pushing through the fabric of the top. You had on sheer blue flower pants and they looked magnificent. Your feet were bare except for the toe rings and the nail polish on your toes which matched your finger nails. Tina, Gill and I signed with delight.

You came over embarrassed by our reaction to your arrival, gave me a kiss and sat down next to me. Gill and Tina came over with champagne. They poured two glasses and suggested we enjoy our cocktails on the bow of the boat before it got dark.

We walked to the front of the boat – neither of us speaking a word but we were communicating. It was dusk but we could still see the incredible surroundings. Over the next 20 minutes night fell and the moon rose over the island we docked near. We simply held each other and sipped champagne. We didn’t notice Tina lighting candles all around the outside rails of the boat – the scene was incredible. After a while Tina came and announced that dinner was ready. Tina had changed into a flowing silk robe as had Gill. Both of us noticed at the same time how attractive our host and crew was.

They served us an incredible meal and we savored every bit of it. After dessert was served Tina and Gill retired to there quarters saying we had inspired them into a night of lovemaking. They told us to enjoy the night and blow the candles out when we went below deck. Tina told us we were in a wonderful cove for a midnight swim.

We finished dessert with a long and very sensuous kiss. The heat between us was incredible. As we parted lips you reached and took off you earrings. You said they were hurting a bit and would I take them and put them in the cabin. I said sure, gave you another long kiss and went below.

After a couple of minutes I returned to the deck. You weren’t at the table any more. Lying on the back of your chair was your white tube top. My dick immediately was starting to get hard. I looked to the front of the boat – there you were standing right up front. You were standing sideways with the moon behind you and the candles all around you. What an incredible sight. Your silhouette was incredible. Your hair gently blowing in the breeze, your face outlined by the moon, you beautiful breat with nipples very erect and your flowing legs – covered only by the sheer fabric of your pants. With the combination of candlelight and moonlight I could see the outline of your incredible ass and legs through the pants fabric. It was obvious that you did not bother with panties, as your pussy hair was also visible. My cock was so hard you were driving me crazy and you knew it.

You knew I had stopped in my tracks and was watching as you put your hands on your waist and undid your pants. The fabric floated from your body. And in almost the same motion you jumped into the water. I was amazed and excited. I tore off my clothes and jumped in with you. As I came up behind you –you asked what took me so long. We held each other as we looked back at the boat and the candles from the water. We swam and caressed for a little while then swam back to the boat.

The boat had a ladder hanging down into the water now. (Thoughtfully put out by our crew.) You went up first – what a sexy view. The incredibly lines of your back and ass and legs and your beautiful pussy begging me to bury my face in it. I followed you up but as you were climbing over the side of the boat you stopped and I immediately buried my tongue deep inside your unbelievably wet pussy. My tongue probed the inside of your pussy as far as it could until I found you clit and started licking and sucking it. My hands were moving up and down your legs and thighs as my tongue started producing deep sexy moans from you. Your free hand, not holding the railing, was caressing you tits and pulling your nipples. We stayed like that for a while and then you continued over the rail onto the deck. 

I followed you up front where we lie down among the candles. You started kissing my chest and sucking on my nipples. You then continued down my stomach and then around my cock, down my legs to my feet. I was moaning in ecstasy. Slowly your mouth moved back up my legs and found my throbbing cock. You immediately took me deep into your mouth and sucked hard. You pulled up to the top of my dick and proceeded to lick and suck my head. As you were sucking on my cock I motioned you to knell over my face so your pussy was right above my mouth. It was dripping wet and ready to be sucked and licked. Without stopping the incredible blow job you were giving me you lowered your pussy over my face. I drank in your juices and then started teasing your clit with my tongue. Flicking at it with my tongue then slowly pressing my whole tongue against your clit. 

Up and down and all around we were both moaning. My face was covered with your sweet juices and I was filling your mouth with my juices. We both had incredible orgasms but we wanted more. You stood up and held onto the main mast as I came up behind you. My clock slid deep inside you as our bodies trembled. We were in such synch as our bodies moved as one, the feels of continuous orgasms around us. I pulled out of you and turned you around and you jumped into my arms. We could not get close enough. I held you as your pussy took in my throbbing cock. We fucked standing up for a while but I was thirsty for your juices. I put you down on the deck and you spread your legs wide. I could see you clit and glistening love canal. You pulled back the skin over your clit inviting me to lick you hard and fast. I did and we both loved it. My finger joined in the action as I licked your exposed clit. First one finger then a second which only made you moan harder.

After a while you stopped me and asked to switch. You got up and I lay on my back and you sucked me hard and deep. Much to your delight I was squeezing your wonderful tits and nipples as you were sucking me. All of a sudden you looked up and said you needed me in your pussy from the back. I got behind you as you leaned over on the raised center deck. My cock slid into your wanting pussy and we fucked. It was incredible as we both exploded in multiple orgasms. We then lay on that top deck in each other’s arms for quite a while. As we were going down to our cabin we saw the hints of daylight creeping over the horizon.

We woke up at 1 PM and put our bathing suits on. We went up on deck where Tina and Gill were preparing lunch. You looked incredible in your thong-bathing suite you had brought in Florida. I looked pretty good in a thong bathing suit you surprised me with. As we sat down both of us at the same time noticed Tina and Gill. Gill had on a black Speedo bathing suite that showed off what looked like a very large bulge between his legs. Tina had on a bikini that did not cover much of her large tits. In fact about the only thing covered were her nipples. The bottoms showed a very shapely ass and a full mound of pussy hair pushing against the tight yellow fabric.

They greeted us with smiles and told us brunch was ready. We said good – we were starving but would they please join us for lunch and drinks. They said it was against policy to do that, but the sailing was done for the day and if we wanted them to why not? We all sat and drank together. We were getting very friendly. You asked if it was OK to take off your top to get that full body tan. They said sure as Gill got up, went behind you and untied your strap. It fell from your body and your tits looked spectacular in the afternoon sun. Your nipples were hard and very erect. Gill went and sat down but it was obvious that that bulge was getting bigger. (So was mine!). As Gill sat down Tina reached behind her back and undid her top. Her nipples were also very erect, she had very large circles around her nipples which were very sexy on her large breast.

We continued talking and enjoying our brunch. It was getting hot so we all jumped in the water for a swim. We started to play keep away. The guys against the girls. It was great fun and both Gill and I made it as full contact as possible. We got out of the water and you and Tine lay side by side on the top deck to sunbathe. As soon as you laid down on the deck you called me and asked me to take off your bottoms if it was OK with me. I said sure and slowly slid down your skimpy bikini bottom. After it was off I gently kissed your pussy letting my tongue briefly come in contact with your lips – you were very wet. You looked incredible lying there in the Caribbean sun totally naked. Your pussy hair was perfect. A well trimmed patch leading down to top of your pussy.

As I moved away Tina protested and said “what about me – don’t I get the same pull down service”? I looked at you then at Gill – both of you smiled and nodded so I said sure. I noticed Gill could not keep his eyes off you and you were teasing him with the movements of your legs. I took the sides of Tina’s bottoms and slowly pulled them down. Her pussy was very bushy but it had been trimmed and it looked very sexy. I could see moisture already forming at the opening to her love tunnel. I kissed her bush very quickly and moved back to where I had been sitting. She smiled and commented on the great service!.

While I was busy with the pull down service you were busy staring at Tina. I looked at you and could see the lust in your eyes. I was enjoying every minute of it. Gill was also enjoying every minute of watching you watch his wife. His very large cock was hardly being held back by his skimpy bathing suite. You broke the silence as we all sat and lay there enjoying the moment. You looked over at Tina who was lying within six inches of you and told her how hot she looked and how beautiful and sexy her body was. She smiled back and thank you and said that compared to you she was only warm. 

You both lay down and soaked up the sun for a few minutes. Both of you had your eyes closed as Gill and I sat close by watching our beautiful ladies not knowing what was to cum! Gill had put music on in the background and no words needed to be spoken between the four of us, as we were all obvious excited about what was happening. Gill got up to get us all drinks. While he was up he changed the music. It was sexy and driving now. When he came back with the drinks he announced that he wanted the all over tan also. You bounced right up and said you’d provide the pull down service. You got on your knees and slowly pulled down his Speedos. When he walked back he was soft but your service had given him quite a woody. The smile on your face was wide as you looked at the huge cock you had just let out of its confines. He was quite large probably 8 or 9 inches. He smiled and thanked you for your service. As you headed back to your spot I said what about the welcome out kiss. You said oh, and went back to Gill took his cock in your hand and gently kissed the tip. I have to admit I was getting aroused seeing that huge cock in your hand. He could only moan as you went back to your spot. 

Before you had gotten down Tina was on her knees in front of me asking me to stand up. She took my bathing suite and gently pulled it down, then she took my entire six inches in her mouth for only a second and went to lay down. I looked at you and you were smiling that sexy smile that I love. You told Tina that she was getting you hot, to which she replied “ I hope so”.

You two were both lying down again and I noticed that your hand was moving slowly across your own body to the deck and towards Tina’s leg. Ever so slowly it moved toward her until you reached out with your pinky and started making sensuous circles on her thigh. She closed her eyes and let out the sexiest of moans as you started massaging her thigh with you full hand. Your nipples got even more swollen and I could see the moisture between your legs. Tina’s nipples also grew as your hand moved along her leg and thigh. You continued the massage moving from leg to thigh and to her stomach, teasing her but not going near her pussy or tits. 

You turned on your side towards Tina and put your arm across her stomach and brought your mouth to hers. As you did this your breasts pressed sensuously against her right tit. Your kiss was gentle and sensuous. Gill and I could see you tongues meeting and dancing together. Your hands and hers now massaged each other’s tits and nipples. There was lots of sexy moaning going on. 

As you were both kissing deeply, Gill sat next to you and started rubbing your back and ass as your moaning increased. It was a real turn on to see you making out with another beautiful women while another man massaged your ass. As he was caressing your ass I saw your legs open a bit indicating to me that you wanted more. It was not lost on Gill either. Soon his finger made it you your pussy. You were so wet and I saw his entire finger go deep inside you. I glanced at his cock, which seemed to have grown even larger. One of your hands soon found his dick and started to stroke it making a load of pre cum appear at the tip. I was so turned on by the sights. Gill then moved his head between your legs from the rear and started licking your pussy. 

I got up and knelt in front of Tina who opened her legs. I could see that her pussy was wet and it tasted good as my mouth covered her mound. My tongue found her clit and she moaned in delight. I licked her clit for quite a while Gill was licking your pussy and you and Tina were kissing deeply and playing with each other’s tits. After a while Tina sat up and pushed Gill away from your pussy and buried her face in your pussy. 

You pulled Gill’s cock into your mouth. You gave his enormous cock and expert blowjob as Tina paid special attention you your pussy. With your other hand you grabbed my cock, pulled it to your mouth and sucked on both of us at the same time. You went back to sucking Gill and I moved behind Tina who was thoroughly enjoying devouring you. My cock slid into Tina’s pussy and she moaned and told me to fuck her hard. What an erotic scene! After some time you said you wanted some of Tina’s pussy while getting fucked by Gill’s huge cock. Tina’s legs spread wide before you as Gill got behind you and guided his dick into your wanting pussy. I was enjoying the scene when Tina grabbed my cock and started licking it from top to bottom. At the bottom she took each of my balls and sucked on them. She then took me in her mouth let me fuck her mouth while her husband fucked your pussy and you sucked on her pussy.
