 She comes over after rehearsal for a drink or two around the kitchen island. You've been talking with her for the last couple of months about our sex life- it's been no secret that there was something powerfully sexual that brought us together, but most of our colleagues, although curious, just won't ask about it. But the two of you have been friends for a very long time and she's always been both inquisitive and supportive. You've been keeping me apprised of the nature of your talks, and I'm well aware of how over the past few months you've moved from generalities to specifics- you've told her about being bound & restrained, submitting to my will for my pleasure, being used- facefucked, railed, spanked- about fucking me with your strap-on, about using porn, sex in public places, all of it. She's been more and more enraptured by your tales, as though you were some kind of sexual Sheherezade. It's obvious from when you two walk in the door that she's full of sexual tension. She's dressed sexily- provocatively, even- in a tube top and miniskirt, with spike heels. We gather in the kitchen and pour shots. She wastes no time, just turns to you and says, "So...we haven't caught up in a few days. Have I missed anything?"

You and I exchange a glance. You calmly face her and reply, "Well...not exactly. We haven't done anything unusual or new for us, just revisited some old ground for our enjoyment."

"Like what?" she asks as she knocks back a shot.

"Last night, he cuffed my wrists to the bedframe and used me." You glance at me- I can see your cheeks flushing. I feel myself starting to swell.

"Like...how? How did he use you?" she asks. She's looking at you but shyly trying to steal glances at me. I wait for you to respond.

"Well...he ran his hands over every inch of my body. He kissed me like a hungry teenager, then went down on me. He made me cum, then forced his hard cock in my mouth and fucked my face for a few minutes. He went down on me again, brought me to the edge of orgasm, then folded my legs over his shoulders and fucked me hard and deep until I felt his cock explode inside me." She's looking you directly in the eyes as you say this, and I can see her upper chest redden with excitement. She looks like she's forgotten to breathe. You look back at her calmly and drink your shot. I'm standing across the island from the two of you as I feel my swollen cock harden in an instant.

"Wow," she says. She swallows, then looks at me. I gaze steadily back at her until she lowers her eyes, then looks back up at you. "So..." she looks toward me. "You're okay with her telling me all this?"

"Sure," I reply. "Really, we feel no need to be coy about our sex life. We don't go around advertising it, but we'll always answer if asked." She nods, then turns back to you. 

"Before, you told me that the two of you have fantasized about being watched by someone in the same room. Is that...still something you fantasize about?"

You glance at me quickly, unable to entirely conceal your involuntary grin. "Yes, we do," you respond.

"Well," she says, "I mean...I wouldn't mind...helping you guys act that out, I guess." She stammers a little and her face flushes bright red with embarrassment. We catch each other's eyes- I can see that your excitement matches mine. I swiftly move around the island and catch you by the waist as I lean in to kiss you. We quickly start making out and I hear her gasp from three feet away. I pull away from you and look at her.

"Are you sure?" I ask.

"Yes," she responds. "It's just- wow. You guys are intense. I didn't expect that." We both give her a questioning look. She gives a tiny nod and we turn back toward each other and kiss, hard. I keep my left arm circled around your waist as I reach my right hand up toward your tits and grab. You let out a whimper through your upturned mouth as you grab my ass with both hands and pull my body into yours. We are so focused on grabbing a hold of each other that we almost lose our balance and fall over. I break the kiss and look at her.

"Maybe we should move to the couch," I say. I see you nod out of the corner of my eye. She doesn't respond, just walks into the living room. We grin at each other, then follow her. She sits on the hearth as we tumble onto the couch. In a second I am on top of you, my hands roaming over your body, devouring your mouth with mine. You hungrily, greedily grab at my cock through my pants. You can feel my need as I feel your heat. I half stand by the side of the couch and remove my shirt as you unbutton my fly and push my pants down to my knees. I hear her gasp from behind me.

"Oh, I didn't know you had a tattoo there! And wow, your ass looks as good as I always thought it would through your jeans." I look over my shoulder at her and smile. You have one hand on my throbbing cock and the other on my hip. You push me around so that she can see all of me. We watch her as her mouth makes a perfect "O" of surprise. "My God! You're...wow. Your cock is perfect. Oh my." She says. She actually licks her lips as she stares at me, then quickly looks away and mumbles some sort of apology to you. You laugh.

"I think I've said something like that," you say. "I actually feel like more women should get a chance to have this perfect cock. It's not just the shape and size- it's that he knows how to use it!" You feel me harden even more when you say this and give my cock a squeeze. A drop of precum oozes out of the tip and without warning you lean over and take me in your mouth. She and I gasp at the same time as you inhale my entire length. The sight of you sucking my cock as she sits a couple of feet away, watching intently, is amazing. I feel like I am the hardest I've ever been and I know that incredibly, there's more to come. You pull back from my cock and look at me. "Is that good, baby?" you ask. I nod.

"Yes. But- we need to get you out of your clothes," I say. "Stand up."

You do. I pull your top off, then quickly undo your pants and strip you in two motions. I step out of my clothes, then present the two of us to her. She's obviously fascinated by both of our bodies- I know she's seen you naked plenty of times, but never in a sexualized context. "Go ahead," I say. "Look all you want." She nods. I can see her upper lip actually trembling. 

"Can I...touch?" she asks. You and I have talked about this before, plenty of times, so we both know exactly what our boundaries are. 

"Sure," I say. "Do you want us to touch back?"

She hesitates, thinking. "Umm, no," she says. "I mean, I do- this is so sexy. My God, I'm already turned on like I can't believe. But...I don't think that would be right. I mean, I know having someone touch you is part of your fantasy, right? So...just let me do that." We nod. I step closer to her, my cock now inches from her face. She reaches out with her hand and grabs the base of my cock. I can't help but grunt as my cock twitches in her hand. She inhales sharply. I can feel her exhale on my cock as you step up beside me. She sees you move and looks your way. She tentatively reaches out with her other hand and grabs your tit. She squeezes a little as your arch your back and sigh. Abruptly she lets go of both of us and leans back.

"Okay," she says. "That was...nice. Wow. But maybe you two should do a little more with each other?"

We look at each other, grin, and tumble back on the couch like honeymooners. We make out with abandon as our hands roam all over. You stroke my cock as I rub your clit and occasionally finger-fuck you. We are both naturally loud, but we seem to kick it up a notch because of our audience. Every few seconds I glance at her and I see her getting obviously aroused. Her nipples harden under her tube top, her legs spread, and she keeps absent-mindedly rubbing her tits. I realize I can see her trimmed pussy peeking out through her thong under her miniskirt. I see you looking at her too and I swear you get wetter every time you do. I can't take the tension anymore and before I can even think of doing anything else I slip my hard, throbbing cock into your tight, swollen pussy. You arch your back and simultaneously shudder and moan. We both sense her shift beside us.

"Wait- did you two already start fucking?" she asks.I look at her and nod.

"Oh! I thought, you know, you would do some other stuff."

I smile at her, my mind racing. Before I can say anything, you pipe up from beneath me. "What would you like to see?"

She blushes again. "Well...you've talked about face-fucking. I mean, if you feel like it," she says.

I stop my motion and look you in the eyes as I pull myself out of your hot little cunny. I stand up beside the couch, my cock glistening with your juices for all of us to see.

"Oh, I feel like it," I say. I pull you up off the couch and then put you on your knees in front of me, positioned so that we are sideways to her. I grab your hands and put them behind your back, then step forward so that my cock is resting against your cheek. You look at me the whole time, never taking your eyes off mine. I grab my cock and position myself at your mouth, then look at her.

"You have to understand- this might be a little rough. But we are totally consensual here. We have safe words and signals. We actually both get off on this, though- it's not just me."

She looks steadily back at me and nods. "I know," she says. "I completely understand. Completely."

I smile again, then look back down at you. I force my cock into your waiting mouth, then begin to thrust as I hold your head. You start to whimper from deep within your throat. I am almost overcome by the sensation- the sight, the feel, the sound. I thrust harder, more quickly. You begin to slobber over my cock. I can feel you fighting your reflexes, trying to take me in. I thrust a little shallower but pick up the tempo. I continue for only a couple of minutes and then stop, because I don't want to cum just yet. I pull out of your mouth and look over at her. She has bunched up her skirt around her hips and is touching herself through her panties. She looks back at me unashamedly. "God, that was so hot," she says. I see you turn your head to look at her. We breathlessly take in the scene until you break the silence.

"Why don't you just take it all off?" 

She looks from me to you, holds your gaze for a second, then nods her head. She lifts her ass off the floor and slides off her panties and skirt in one smooth motion. Her pussy looks inviting- moist, swollen, trimmed. She holds my gaze as she lets her finger slide down to her clit. "Go on," she sighs. "Don't stop."

I reach down and roughly pull you to your feet. I turn you over the couch and force your head down into the cushions, displaying your ass to her still sitting on the hearth. I knead and caress your ass, then give you a swift spank. She moans at the same time as you yelp. I stand behind you, then look over my shoulder at her. "I'm going to fuck her hard," I say. "You might want to come over here if you want to see."

She kicks off her heels and scrambles to her feet, standing just off to our right and leaning on the couch. She's still wearing the tube top, and the sight of her hungrily playing with her pussy as she leans against the couch is one of the most erotic things I've ever seen. I grab the base of my cock and display myself to her. She looks at me and gulps.

"Want to help me put it in?" I ask. She nods and reaches across your back. My cock spasms as she grasps the base. She can't resist and gives my slick cock a few strokes before she guides the head to your swollen slit. I feel the head of my cock part your lips and can't stop myself from thrusting full force inside you. She withdraws her hand as you gasp. I begin fucking you hard, feeling you tense up with every stroke. I can feel myself growling from deep in the back of my throat as you try to drown your whimpers in the couch cushions. I look over at her. She is leaned back against the arm of the couch, propping herself up with one hand and watching us while her other hand is busy on her pussy, rubbing her clit and fingering herself.

"God, this is so hot," she sighs.

I am enjoying fucking you. Taking my time to pull almost all the way out and then plunging hard back in to your pussy. My cock is glistening with your juices. You've rarely been so wet. I can feel your girl cum spreading all over both of us as I fuck you. The scent of our sex hangs in the air, intoxicating the very atmosphere. I glance over at her watching us. She is gazing transfixed at the sight of my cock ravaging your pussy. Her hand is working furiously on her own pussy and I can see the wetness on her fingers. I become aware of the sound of her masturbating- not just her own grunts and moans, but the sound of her fingers deep within the wet folds of her pussy. She looks at me and we hold eye contact while she starts working faster on herself. I notice her eyes dilate and she starts thrusting her hips against her hand.

"Are you about to cum?" I ask.

She nods and takes a sharp breath. I plunge all the way into you, grab your hips and pull you into me. I reach down with one hand, grab your hair, and pull you up so you can see her. She suddenly stiffens and looks toward the ceiling.

"Fuuuuuuuuck!" she moans. "Oh God! Fuck fuck fuck!" Her hips buck out from under her and her whole body clenches in orgasm. The look on her face is pure bliss. Her hand continues almost of its own accord for another fifteen or twenty seconds, then she slumps against the couch.

"Wow. My God. I haven't cum that hard in a while," she says.

"Are you finished?" I ask.

"Well...I've never had multiple orgasms," she says. "But...I'm still so turned on. The energy between the two of you is amazing- so intense. I mean, don't stop. Keep going."

I nod. "Maybe we should move to the bed," I say. We both gasp as I pull out of you. I reach out and take her hand, help her off the couch. You lead the way as we head upstairs. I can see the smile on your face and wonder briefly what you're thinking.

When we get to the bed, you waste no time in climbing up and laying on your back. "I still need to get fucked hard," you say. You look over at her. "You're welcome to get on the bed to get a closer look. Feel free to touch anything or anywhere you want."

She hesitates for the briefest moment before climbing on to the bed next to you. I'm kneeling at your knees and I'm almost overcome by the sight of the two of you lying in bed looking up at me. My cock is rock hard and jutting out from my body. I reach down and stroke my cock while glancing alternately between the two pussies laid open for me on the bed. I scoot up a bit and place the swollen head of my cock at your pussy lips again. I notice that your leg is now entwined with hers as you shift to accommodate me. As I enter you again, my leg moves back and all three of us are touching. We settle into a rhythm as your place both your hands on my upper arms. "Oh God...your cock," you moan. I shift my weight to be on one hand so I can hold one of your tits with my other. I look over at her and indicate your other boob. She reaches out tentatively, then takes a firm hold. Your half-open eyes fly all the way open in surprise and you start to moan as we handle your tits, kneading and squeezing. I start to pinch and roll your nipple and she does the same. I lean over and take you in my mouth, and a second later I hear and feel her beside me. The sensation seems to overload you, as your body stiffens and you start to emit short little moans. I look up briefly at your face and realize that you are about to cum. I re-double my efforts and suddenly you start to spasm beneath me. I feel your cunt begin to contract on my cock, milking me. I thrust hard and hold, willing myself not to cum. She and I continue on your tits until your orgasm subsides, then we break our mouths off of your nipples. Our faces are maybe an inch apart, and we instinctively kiss. She is open and ready for me, more than willing. She is almost as intense as you, but it's clear that she's in unfamiliar territory. I break off the kiss and scuttle to a more upright position, pulling out of you at the same time. She lays back and puts her head next to yours and the two of you simultaneously sigh contentedly.

You speak first. "That's new. I hardly ever come vaginally."

I grin. "You had some help," I say.

You and her both smile, then you look down at my cock. "Ooh baby, you haven't cum yet!"

I nod. "No. Not yet. Saving it."

"Why not?" you ask. "You normally cum two or three times when we make love!"

When she hears this she gasps in surprise. "What?"

"It's true," I say. "I have a shorter refactory period than most guys, plus I usually stay hard for a quite a while after cumming. But...I want to stretch this out." I reach down and start stroking my cock again. I notice that your hand is still at work on your pussy.

She is looking at me in surprise. "So...you can literally make love for over an hour?"

You and I almost laugh. You answer first. "Yes. We usually take at least 45 minutes, but it's not uncommon to take twice that time. And usually twice a day. I've almost been late to work a few times because of it!"

"Oh my God," she says. "That is so hot!" Then she notices that we are still playing with ourselves. "Wow. You guys are turning me on so much! Do you mind if I...?"

"Of course!" I say. "We're going to fuck some more."

She looks directly in my face and blushes. "Um. Could you...I mean, is it ok if...?" she can't fully form the question, but you and I both know what she wants. You look over at her, lay your hand on her face and look in to her eyes.

"Do you want to get fucked by that magnificent cock?" you ask her.

She inhales sharply and nods. "Yes," she says. "Is that okay?"

You smile and nod. "Oh yes. There's nothing hotter than watching another woman's face at the moment he penetrates her," you say. "It's very okay!"

She sighs and looks up at me. She shifts her hips and opens her legs as I slide over on the bed. You reach over, grab my cock, and rub it all over her slit. Every motion feels amazing, but when you position my cock head at her opening I can't wait. I resist the urge to just plunge in and instead slowly ease in to her. Her eyes open in surprise. She exhales breathlessly.

"Ohhhh!" She is looking right at me. I ease my cock into her pussy. She accommodates me bit by bit. I can feel the physical effort of her adjusting to my size. The look on her face is an amazing mixture of pain and ecstasy. After what seems like five minutes I am fully inside her. I look into her eyes.

"I'm going to fuck you now, " I say. She nods. I begin to fuck in and out of her. You begin playing with my balls and holding my shaft as we set a rhythm. Every thrust brings the same look to her face and she is speechless, holding her breath. After a few moments she starts to buck back against me, trying to take more of me inside her. I feel your hand sneak around the front of my cock and begin to rub on her clit. She starts moaning and talking.

"Oh God yes! Play with my clit! Oh, fuck me! Fuck my little pussy! Oh God right there right there right there don't stop!"

I can't help myself and feel the animalistic groans begin to start again in my throat. I begin fucking her hard, the way you like it. I pull her legs up and drape them over my shoulders. You lie next to her and play with her clit while I fuck her pussy fast and hard. In no time at all she starts to cum again.

"OhmyGod OhmyGod OhmyGod I'm cumminnnnng!" Her body spasms against me and her head thrashes from side to side as her orgasm wracks her. She bucks so hard against me that she pushes me completely out. You continue working on her clit for the entire duration of her orgasm and a few seconds afterward. When the feeling subsides, she lets out a deep breath and softly whispers, "fuck!" I lean back and look at the two of you, stroking my slick cock. I notice that you've still got one hand on your own clit, working furiously. You lock your eyes on my cock as your next orgasm overtakes you. I hear your breathing stagger and watch your body alternately tense and relax as wave after wave washes over you. I'm turned on beyond belief, but know what I want. After your orgasm, I hold your gaze.
