 We sit in the darkened car. He reaches toward me and runs his finger down my throat, down to where my breasts are nestled in the low cut top of my dress. His finger comes to rest in the hot crease.

"Do you want to come inside?" he asks. "Our evening doesn't have to end now. Come inside. I have another gift for you."

I look over at him. "But, this whole evening has been a wonderful gift. You always do something romantic and special for my birthday and each year it only gets better and better. Tonight was a perfect night." I say. "I don't need another present."

He continues to run his finger over, between and around my breasts. My nipples now clearly visible through the thin material. My braless state obvious.

"This is a special gift. It is something that I know that you will enjoy. Come with me," he demands.

"Yes, Steve" I agree. We exit the car and walk toward his front door. His arm slides around my waist. Warm and possessive.

As we step inside and he turns on the light to the stairway, he tells me to go upstairs. My gift is in his bedroom.

"I would imagine it is," I say, smiling. This won't be the first time that an evening ends in a hot and lusty coupling on his king-size bed.

I lead the way up the steps. His hands cup and caress my swaying bottom. I, ever the temptress, give an extra swing to my steps. A chuckle and a pat on my ass is the reward.

As I reach the landing, I turn and face him. I take his hands and I walk backwards to his bedroom — leading him in through the doorway. He flips the light switch on the wall and I turn toward the bed.

And scream.

"What the..." I cry. I turn toward my lover. "Who.. what?" I stammer.

"Darling," Steve says, "Meet your gift for the evening."

I turn back to face the naked man on the bed. He was a beautiful young thing... all tanned skin and dark hair. A swimmer's body and magnificently endowed.

"Happy birthday," my lover says, gesturing to the man. "I thought about buying you another sex toy for your collection. But, I thought why not get you the real thing. This is Bob. We met at the gym. We started talking and one thing lead to another...and here he is." 

"Hello and happy birthday," the naked Bob says.

I am still in shock. I stand, not knowing where to look. But, I must admit, my eyes are drawn to the body on the bed. I look into my lover's eyes and see the question there. I can tell that he is beginning to second guess this particular idea.

As my heartbeat slows to somewhat normal, I start to see the advantages to my situation. My imagination begins running a silent film of possible scenarios and I begin to appreciate the genius of this particular birthday gift. My embarrassed blush turns into a flush of sexual excitement.

I wink at Steve and kiss him. His grin is all the answer that I need. I turn to Bob and tell him thanks for the birthday wishes. I decide to take this encounter into my own hands.

"Steve, please sit in the chair here beside the bed." I point and he sits. I walk to the bed, turn my back to Bob and ask him to please sit up and slowly unzip my dress. I am looking into my lover's eyes as I wait for a strange man's hands on me. As Bob complies, I feel his warm breath on my neck and his fingers on my hips. He pulls me between his spread thighs. 

The zipper slowly opens revealing my bare back and the lacy elastic of my black thong. Bob lets the straps fall down my arm, freeing the dress to slide to my feet. I stand before both men mostly naked. 

Heels and a thong - the perfect "bad girl" wardrobe choice.

As I stand, nearly naked, facing my lover, I feel a large, tan pair of hands sliding around from my back... grabbing my breasts and squeezing. A hard cock is pressing against my ass cheeks. I look at Steve to see if he is appreciating the contrast between my creamy white breasts and pink nipples and the dark pair of masculine hands surrounding them. He seems to be mesmerized.

Steve rises from the chair. As he walks toward me, he reaches into his pocket and pulls a small packet out. He stands before me and takes my hand and places the condom in my palm. 

He leans in and whispers, "Enjoy yourself, my dear. I will be here to watch, but remember... your ass is mine."

I smile and kiss his lips. "Of course," I reply.

I turn toward the bed, showing that ass to my generous lover. I feel a hot little spank on my left cheek. I glance back over my shoulder and smile.

"Ummm, my delicious birthday gift," I say to the stranger. "Whatever will I do with you?"

"Well..." stammers the young man.

"No, dear," I interrupt. "That was a rhetorical question. All you need to do is to lie there and keep that magnificent cock of yours interested. Okay?"

He nods.

"Well, first thing I need to do is to take off this thong. Would you care to remove it for me?" I ask the naked man.

He nods. As he moves his hands to my hips, I shake my head no.

"I would rather you do it with your teeth." I suggest. I could tell by the condition of his cock that he liked this idea... a lot.

He climbs off the bed and kneels at my feet. He places his lips on my stomach and kisses it. 

"A nice ad lib," I am thinking. 

Then a little lick before moving down to the fabric of my thong. He rubs his face across the front lace of the crotch... breathing in my scent. He places a kiss on the triangle of fabric. His teeth grazes across the area. I shiver in anticipation. He moves his mouth to each side of my hip and with his teeth, he pulls each strap downward, alternating the sides and pulling it off of my generous hips. They fall to the floor landing around my heels. I step up and out of them. 

I glance back to my lover to gage his reaction. His fly is open and his impressive cock is definitely liking this. His hand is slowly stroking his prick. 

"Back on the bed, my pet," I tell the young man. "That was a very sweet job of taking off my panties. Do you taste as sweet?"

Saying this, I lean in and lick the tip of his cock. This action is met with not one, but two, masculine groans. I am really enjoying this. Steve, who has been the recipient of much of my oral fascination with the male cock, knows what is in store for this young man. Just this knowledge (and the view of my ass as I bend over) brings a bead of clear liquid to the crest of his cock. He slides a finger over the head and smears the pre-cum over his cock. 

I believe he is surprised by how much he is enjoying the performance being played out in front of him. His very own porn show. I intend to make it a great one.

I remove my concentration from Steve, knowing that he is in good hands, and instead, focus on my new toy. I climb up on the bed and straddle him around the knees. This puts me into direct contact with his cock. And it allows an unobstructed view for my lover. Just a sideways glance, and I can see his reaction to my ministrations to this young mans cock and balls. 

I lean in and kiss the tip of his cock. Then my tongue licks him, starting at the base and making a trail back up to the head. It leaves a wet line up his prick. 

He pushes up with his hips, an involuntary reaction. But, instead of the whole mouth around his cock that he obviously wants, I pull back and lick at and around his shaved balls.

"Ummm," I think. "A very well groomed young man. Very nice."

My tongue lifts one ball, then the other. I suck one of the sacks into my mouth, gently applying pressure and pulling up and away from his crotch. Then the other one. The combination of my warm mouth and the pulling and sucking action elicits a groan from my pet. 

And then I move a finger to the ring of his ass and tap it. My pet is begging me... 

"Oh baby," he mumbles. "Please, suck me. Suck it." 

Well, he did say "Please," and being a nice, polite Southern woman that responds to these niceties, I move my lips up and over the head of his cock. I take the length of him into my mouth and push him to the back of my throat. My throat muscles contract, milking the head and almost taking him over the edge by the unexpectedness of it. 

Just a little party trick of which I am justifiably proud. 

But that was too much, too soon. So I raise my head from his crotch and pump my mouth up and down his cock, giving a little suction and pull each time. I can feel him grow harder and wetter. 

He removes his hands from the sheets that he was grasping and he smoothes his hand through my hair. But, he knows better than to grab the strands to control the action. I only allow that liberty with my lover... not my pet.

I can feel him reaching a point that ends the oral portion of our program. I lean back and take a look at the angry, young cock before my eyes. 

I reach over on the bed and pick up the condom. Tearing the wrapper with my teeth, I pull it out and slowly roll it down and over the human dildo in my hands. Very nice.

I look over at Steve, still sitting in the chair fully clothed (if a bit disheveled by this point).

"Would you care to join us?" I ask him. "I would love to have you watch from behind as I sit on this young man's cock. Then, if you would be so kind, I would love for you to fuck my ass while I am doing him. After all, my ass belongs to you."

As my lover undresses, I lean forward and crawl up the naked body lying under me. I slide my hand up to my chest and place my breast and nipple in his face.

"Lick me," I demand. "Suck me."

His mouth fastens upon my breast, upon my nipple - pulling and sucking. I feel an answering pull in my pussy, in my clit. Having my breasts sucked creates an electric current that runs straight to my vagina. I rub my pussy across his abdomen, grinding the juice into his skin. He will smell of me.

My nipples signal that I need to have more.

I pull my nipple from between his lips. I sit back a bit and place both hands on my tits. My hands squeeze then bounce them. Then, I give a little slap to the nipples and squeeze them again. His eyes follow my rough play. As he watches my hands and tits, I slowly back up his body until I feel his prick under me. It seems to be hunting hungrily for my wet opening. I raise my hips and impale myself on him. One sharp downward thrust of my hips and I am filled to the back wall of my pussy.

Now, the groans of three people fill the room. I am so full... almost, but not quite to the point of pain. I lift my hips and pull on his cock with my internal muscles, gripping as I lift off of him. I stop just at the crease of the head. I pause a second... we both catch our breath and then I slam down hard on his cock. My clit comes to rest on him and I twist my hips a bit to rub it against him. This causes my pussy to twirl around his cock. I then start pumping him in earnest. Up and down, up and down. With each stroke, I pull and push with my muscles, milking him...fucking him.

I feel my lover's breath on my neck. For just the space of a moment, I had been so intent on fucking this young stud that I had forgotten his presence. He reminds me by reaching around and grabbing my tits... a mirror action of my earlier efforts. He squeezes and pinches. He knows how I like them handled. Roughly. And meanwhile, my fuck toy reaches up and slides a hand between our sweaty bodies. He presses one hard finger onto my clit.

I am feeling on the verge of out-of-control.

I turn my head, looking at my lover.

"Steve," I pant. "Please, fill me. Put your cock in my ass and fill me up."

He grips my hips to hold me still. This leaves the young stud to raise and lower his hips to take over the pumping motion. Steve places the tip of his lubricated cock at the back entrance and slowly pushes forward. Pulls back. The young man inside me knows instinctively to stop moving until the cock in my ass is deep inside me. Steve pushes slightly more forward... resting and letting me take him past the rim of pain and into my hot smooth tunnel. He pushes into me completely.

For the first time, I am double penetrated. I am so full of cock - so full of my own sexuality. Enough woman for two men; enough woman for an army of men. I imagine them lined up along the walls of the bedroom, waiting their turn. Their eyes burning into me. Oh, yes, the power of the slut!

I lean forward, placing my tits on the broad chest in front of me. The stud toy inside my pussy pushes forward and upward. This causes a gasp from my lover. He can feel the other man's cock through the thin walls of my pussy. He feels the head of the cock brush against his cock. He pulls back out of me, retreating to the rim, but no further. Then, when he feels the other cock start its downward pump, he pushes back into my ass. The two cocks meet halfway through the motion.

The two men choreograph their motions to mirror the other. One in, one out... sliding against each other. The friction between the two cocks causing my pussy and ass to heat up, a scorching wet heat that penetrates us all.

The pressure of the cock in my ass changes the angle of the cock in my pussy. It pushes more forward and the stroke isn't quite as deep. This places the head of the cock in my pussy right onto my g-spot. After a few pushes and bumps, my pussy responds with a gush of female juices. I squirt all over both men, flooding us in sex. I cum so hard, I see stars.

The unexpectedness of the release of my ejaculate, sends my boy toy over the edge. He pumps a few more times - hard. And then, pressing upward with his body, he convulses with jerks and twitches and cums in his latex covered condom. I feel every jolt.

And I realize, that if I am feeling every spasm, then Steve is feeling this man cum in me, too.

My ass grips my lover's cock and causes him to fire his cum deep in my ass. A long, steady stream of hot liquid. The nerve endings inside me registers every twitch and magnifies it tenfold.

I cum again. This time, I give a scream of pure pleasure that morphs into a carnal moan.

Steve rolls the three of us over onto the bed. I am still connected to both men, sandwiched between them. So delicious and erotic. This situation is one of my fantasies come to life.

Slowly, Steve's cock slips from inside me. My toy, now limp and exhausted, also slides out. My lover nestles behind me, and my birthday present presses into the front of me. We start to doze off in that position.

"Hmmm, maybe a short nap is what we need," I think just before drifting off. "Then there are a few other ideas I would like to try."

I turn back to Steve and say, drowsily,

"Thank you, my dear. This was a perfect birthday gift. Just wait until you see what I give you for your birthday next month. There is this girl I know..."