 I'm Kirsten. I'm 27 years old, 5'2", 125 lb. Shoulder length reddish hair, with fair skin, and a splash of freckles across my face. I have a pretty well toned body from working out, and I have recently begun once again to explore my sexual boundaries.

One of my biggest turn ons, the thing that turns my legs to jelly, makes my body quiver, sends me immediately right to the edge of orgasm, is taking off my clothes while being watched.

Showing off is one thing, but really, that is more of a tease. A moving photograph. Just a peek but nothing more. Don't get me wrong, I am a bit of an exhibitionist, but it doesn't turn me on to the degree the stripping in front of others does.

Being undressed by a lover is exciting. But that's different too. A lover, while obviously turned on by your body, is also involved emotionally. That's just part of the whole thing.

Undressing with someone new, or with a stranger, is also erotic and exciting. You are both getting naked, or you are undressing each other, and it might be awkward or hurried or frantic. While it can be very hot, it's not what turns me on the most.

I'm also not talking about doing a strip tease. That's being an exhibitionist while putting on a show. I have done that, and it is exciting, but it's not what I mean when I talk about getting naked while being watched.

I am talking about being WATCHED while undressing. When the whole world stops, and ALL of the attention is on YOU. When everyone knows you are getting naked as a prelude for whatever might happen. 

It is hot enough when one guy is watching me, his eyes running over my body, his cock getting hard in his pants. Hotter still when it's a couple. Both of them watching intently, thinking about what they are going to do to you, while you blush thinking about what you are going to be willing to do. All these thoughts running through your mind as you are shyly, slowly, a little fearfully, taking off your clothes. 

But the ultimate, well. The MOST intense, steal the breath from me, send me stumbling to the edge of orgasm moment, is when I stand before a group of guy. When they are fully dressed and intently watching. When I am ordered to stand before them and take off my clothes.

No other feeling in the world is like it as you begin to undress. Embarrassment, nervousness blending into fear, excitement, shame, guilt, lust. All those feelings and more swirling around in a crazy soap of emotions that makes goosebumps break out all over my body, makes my nipples stiffen into hard little pebbles that yearn to be sucked, that makes my pussy dripping wet with anticipation. 

Even if you look down, or don't meet their eyes, you know they are watching you like a pack of wolves stares at its prey. You know that they are anticipating what they are going to do with you. How they are going penetrate your body, how they plan to make you do things that other women wouldn't ever let them do. 

Your mind reels with the thought of what you are going to let them do to you. You understand that that once your clothes are off, you are vulnerable, and although you MIGHT be able to back out and call it off, once you are completely naked, once you have crossed that line, it would be next to impossible to reset the clock. When all these thoughts and feelings collide with my general submissiveness, well, it is incredible.

And when you are the only one naked, when the others are fully dressed, it ups the intensity of the whole experience.

I was in that position now. I stood in the middle of the room after being told by the host that it was time to stand up and get started. My legs were shaking, and my face was flushed. My cheeks beet red, and I felt as though my whole body was blushing as everyone turned to look at me. The guys sat in chairs and on a couch facing the huge TV where the college football game of the day was suddenly of limited interest. They slowly sipped their beers, and they made no attempt to hide the lust in their eyes. Wolves ready to feed. Already planning exactly what they were going to do to me. Shivering, I knew that this was the moment. I either walked away, or I took the plunge knowing full well the outcome once I was naked.

"Take it off." A simple command from the alpha male. Forceful, in charge, with no room for argument or compromise.

I know the Alpha male. I met him online, and after two previous encounters, I know his desires, his lusts, his ability to push me to my limits. He knows me. He knows me very well. That's why I'm here. The others, I don't know. They are strangers; friends of his from out of town I was told. 

I didn't know that they would be here. A was back in town again on business and he called. He apologized for the last time, and he promised that if I wanted to come over, he would make sure I was "well satisfied". 

I was pissed, but I relented, agreeing to come over to his hotel. It was a football Saturday, so I went casual with jeans and a loose football jersey with nothing underneath. 

I was stunned when I walked into a room of guys watching the football game. But I did walk in. I did sit down, and I did have a couple drinks and flirt with the guys until I was told to stand up and take off my clothes.

I was in or I was out. I looked around at each of the guys, five including A, shuddered as goosebumps broke out on my skin, and then I began to unzip my jeans. The world seemed to stop as I worked my tight jeans over my hips, revealing the top of my black lace panties. The guys were hardly breathing as I pushed my jeans to the floor and stepped out of the material puddled at my feet. My football jersey hung down just below my crotch, hiding my most intimate parts from view for the moment.

Looking up at the alpha male, he just grinned and nodded for me to continue. My heart raced as I tried to get my breathing under control. I was almost dizzy from the intensity of the feelings racing through my body. I reached up under my jersey, grabbed the thin material of my panties, and slid them over my hips. I pushed them down low enough until they dropped to the floor under their own weight. I kicked them to the side. 

Deep breath, try not to pass out. Nipples hard as rocks as the wolves waited intently for the prey to make her move. In or out. I stood on a razor's edge. I could stop it right now. But I was already getting very, very hot and bothered. My skin tingled, and my pussy was so, so wet. 

My body reacted before my rational mind could reel it in. I grabbed the bottom of my jersey and pulled it over my head, briefly hiding my face as I revealed the rest of my body to the guys in the room. I was in.

I looked down, embarrassed and avoiding any eye contact as I tossed the shirt aside. Standing fully naked in front of the still dressed men, I was vulnerable, scared, excited, and oh god, so fucking turned on.

"Shit..."

"Damn..."

"What a bitch...damn.."

"You are fucking kidding me...is she serious?"

Voices shattered the heavy silence as the group stared at me.

I kept my head down waiting for further instructions. That's part of the game.

The alpha male knew his part. "Kirsten?"

I looked up at him, the other guys just out of focus in the background. The sexual tension in the room was beyond belief. I shuddered when I heard his voice setting the last piece into play.

"You in?" His eyes locked onto mine. 

I nodded, and the wolves broke into nervous, lustful grins.

"The last time we got together, Kirsten didn't get satisfied." A smirked sarcastically, drawing out the word satisfied. "Maybe we can change that."

A walked over to me and grabbed a handful of my hair. He pulled my head back and marched me over to one of the guys sitting in a chair. Pushing me to my knees, he pressed my head forcefully toward the guys crotch.

"Suck him." He hissed.

Kneeling between his splayed legs, I worked at the button and zipper of his jeans knowing that the others were staring at my bare ass. Play the game Kirsten. I moved my legs apart so they would have a better view of my wet pussy, then I reached into the guy's pants and pulled out his stiff cock. I arched my back as I moved forward to lick the tip of his swollen member. He moaned as I ran the tip of my tongue over the sensitive head of his pick. 

I jumped when A slapped my ass with the palm of his hand. "I said SUCK him!"

Without hesitation, I took his friend deep into my mouth. Hands wrapped around my head as he began to slowly pump his cock between my lips. Flashes of light reflected off the screen of the TV, and I knew they were taking pictures. My pussy was dripping wet, and my nipples were practically screaming for attention.

"I told you she wants it. Slut. Somebody fuck her." A goaded the pack.

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught movement as one of the guys dropped his pants and moved in behind me. Large hands gripped my ass, spreading my cheeks. The head of his cock teased the entrance of my pussy. I felt the tip snuggle between my pussy lips, and his hands grip my hips more firmly. His cock pressed in another inch, and he paused as I adjusted to his size. Then without warning, he slammed balls deep into my willing cunt. 

I cried out, my scream muffled by the cock in my mouth, as the guy behind me hit bottom. I grunted as he began his methodical drilling of my pussy. 

"That's it! I told you guys. She's a total fucking slut!" A gloated as he watched me get spit roasted by his buddies.

My body was pummeled at each end as I squirmed and moaned. Someone reached underneath me and started to pinch my nipples roughly causing me to jerk and groan. The cock in my mouth twitched, and the guy gripped my head firmly, pulling me tight to his crotch. My nostrils flared as I braced myself for his finish. A final spasm rippled through his stiff cock, and streams of cum exploded in my mouth. I tried my best to swallow to keep from chocking, but he was so deep that I began to gag. Before I totally spit up all over the place, he pulled out falling back with a deep sigh. The guy behind me started pounding me harder and faster, and I knew he was close.

Cum dribbled out of the corner of my mouth, and I looked up at A who had a glazed look on his face as he stared at the action in front of him. He was stroking his cock slowly, and I glanced about to see that the other two guys had their cocks out, waiting for a turn at my pussy. 

Suddenly, my pussy was empty, and I felt a thick string of cum spray all over my ass and lower back. I looked back as the guy wiped his sticky cock on my ass, then move out of the way. Before another guy could take his place, A picked up my jersey, using it to wipe the cum off my back. 

"Get up." He order, pulling me to my feet. He pointed at the ottoman in front of the sofa. "On your back."

The ottoman was just big enough for me to lay on with my legs hanging over one edge and my head barely supported on the other. A grabbed my legs and spread them apart as he moved between them. The guys who had just fucked me were sitting back, watching as their buddies moved in to kneel by my head.

I was blushing furiously, feeling even more exposed now that I could better see all the guys. A pushed my legs back.

"Hold her legs." A growled. His voice was low and dripping with pure sexual desire.

With my legs pulled back, my ass was right at the edge of the ottoman. I looked down my body to where A knelt between my legs. His eyes sparked with unconcealed lust. 

"I want to see her face when I fuck her in the ass." 

I bit my lip and took a couple deep breaths, my heart pounding even harder as the tip of his cock pressed against my sphincter. I couldn't help squirming and moaning as he insistently pressed his cock into my ass. 

"Hold her tight." He grunted as he gained another inch. 

I was panting now as his cock worked its way into my ass. The guys watching were mesmerized. Staring at my body as I started to sweat a little bit from the pressure in my ass, my chest rising and falling with each ragged breath, my nipple sticking straight out, wrinkled and hard as rocks, my eyes popping open wider as A forced his cock in another couple inches. 

"Wait...hold on...just a second..." I begged, hoping for a second to get used to his cock. 

A wolfish grin crossed his face, and I braced myself, knowing what he was going to do before it even happened.

I threw my head back and howled as he slammed his cock fully into my ass.

"...god...fuck...oh god...oh god..." I cried out, babbling as A began to pound away at my ass.

My eyes were pinched tightly closed, and my mouth hung open as I tried to breath. A cock rubbed along my lips and then pressed into my mouth. Fingers trailed down my belly. I shivered as the fingers slid down to my pussy and began to rub my clit. 

I gripped the back of my thighs and pulled my legs back as far as I could as A began to fuck my ass harder and faster. I moaned as I felt the tingling in my pussy grow as I neared orgasm. Hands tilted my head back, and the stiff cock was pushed further into my mouth. Not being real big, I took his cock all the way to the balls. 

My whole body tensed as the first wave of a massive orgasm slammed through me. My asshole spasmed around the thickness of A's cock, my screams of mind numbing pleasure muffled by the cock in my mouth. I felt A's cock pulse and spasm, and my bowels were flooded with his cum. He just kept pumping into me as my orgasm rippled away, my body jerking involuntarily as someone's fingers continued to stroke my overly sensitive clit. 

A pulled out with an audible pop. I let my legs drop, my body splayed out on the ottoman, with a guy still fucking my face. 

The guy who had fingered me to orgasm, pulled insistently on my arm, and I gasped for air when the cock was pulled out of my mouth. Fingers pulled me to my feet, and then sat back on the sofa, holding his cock straight up.

"Straddle it baby." He ordered.

A slapped me on the ass when I was too slow to respond. "Now Kirsten!"

Trying to catch my breath, I straddled Fingers, and lowered myself onto his cock. He pulled me tight to his chest and he began to fuck me. I felt my ass cheeks pulled apart and the rough fabric of my jersey wiping away the cum leaking out of my ass. 

"There ya go! All ready for round two." A laughed.

I groaned as the guy I had just been sucking mounted me from behind. My ass was sore from the fucking I had just received, so I was glad the guy wasn't too big. He let loose a loud groan as he sunk into my ass without any resistance. 

The two guys were beyond turned on, and they wasted no time setting a brutal rhythm. I simply held on to the guy in front, my face buried against his neck, whimpering and moaning as they roughly fucked me. 

They didn't last long. The guy in my ass added his load to the previous one and fell back on the floor. I sat up and began more actively riding the guy under me. He sucked a tit into his mouth, and when he bit down on my overly sensitive nipple, I came again. Before my orgasm had fully receded, he pushed me off his lap, and I fell back dazed on the sofa cushions. The guys who had taken my initially were now stroking their cocks furiously, and they joined their buddy in glazing my tits with cum. 

I laid back, arms thrown over my head, breathing heavily, trying to get my bearings again. 

A tossed my already stained jersey onto my still quivering stomach. At this point, I knew A as well as he knew me. So I did what was expected. Without saying a word, I sat up and pulled my jersey on over my cum streaked tits. Keeping my head down, and my eyes focused on anything but the guys sitting around smirking at me, I pulled on my panties, then my jeans. 

I looked up, and bit my lip shyly. I quietly thanked the guys for a good time, and I left. Once I got home, I took a nice hot shower, then collapsed naked on my unmade bed. Letting the events of the night cycle through my head, I slowly masturbated myself to a final orgasm before falling asleep.

That was my last adventure with A. When I thought about it later, I had to admit that I was not 100% comfortable with the direction things seemed to be heading. The last couple times I walked into situations that A had set up without talking to me or asking me if I was okay with what he had planned. 

I confess. I had a good time, and the situations really turned me on. However, I was concerned where he might go next. The little bit I had gotten to know about him led me to believe that he might try to take me to places I really didn't want to go. So before I ended up in a a bad situation, I decided to end things.

So I cut things off in an adult manner. I just never returned any more of his calls.