 A story told in three points of view of a stand up comic seducing and getting oral sex from two groupies.

SHANNON:
I already had too many drinks in me by the time he took the stage. On Wednesday nights, alcohol is half off for women at a local comedy club. I'd never really been to a stand up show before. The reason we decided to go down in the first place, aside from the cheap booze, is that we'd heard about a hot new local comic named Jim.

So I'm there with my friend Amy, drinking girly drinks for two hours, and this guy takes the stage. Fucking gorgeous. Tall, blonde, blue eyes, nice build, a chiseled man. The crowd loves him right away. He starts telling these raunchy sex jokes. Actually kind of sexist, but he was such a charmer that you could tell every woman in the building was eating it up.


AMY:
I've known Shannon for a couple of years; we go to college together. We talk about sex the way girls do… she's told me what she likes, what she would like to try, guys I know that she's been fucked by… stuff like that. I was a little surprised, though, when she leaned over and whispered to me how badly she wanted to suck the comedian's cock. Yeah, here and every other woman in here, I thought.

We sat there watching him while we drank some more. I'm sure she thought she was being discreet, but for the rest of his set she kept trying to sneak her hand up her skirt to rub herself, or caressing her breast when she thought nobody was looking… she was probably trying to cool herself off, but I think she was just warming up even more.


JIM:
My set was going so great that I was able to relax and actually look at the audience. It's easier for me to do that when I'm killing; I can gaze out at the girls that are gazing at me.

There were a few across the room that I noticed, but one table really caught my eye. They both just seemed to be hypnotized… laughing at me when I wanted them to, looking into my eyes when I wanted them to.

It was two pretty girls, I thought at first maybe they were sisters, but they didn't look enough alike. One was very petite one with curly red hair, a tight t-shirt and a short plaid skirt. From the stage I could tell that the other was blonde, and had a bigger bust. Couldn't get a good look at what she was wearing from up there.


SHANNON:
For a while it seemed like he was staring right at me while he talked, but maybe that's what comics are supposed to do? He was just so funny, let alone the strong jaw line, that I felt myself getting further and further carried away thinking about what I wanted him to do to me.

I couldn't shake the feeling that he was looking our way (or maybe I just wanted to think it so much). I wasn't sure if he was looking at me, or Amy, or both. Amy has this perfect body, skinny waist and low-D sized tits. Even if he was looking at our table it probably wasn't at the tiny redhead.

Once he was looking at us I thought I noticed a bulge in his pants. I also thought I might just be imagining it. Like seeing a mirage in the desert, you see what you want, and I was AWFULY thirsty.


JIM:
After a few minutes I caught myself looking at these girls TOO much, their beauty was drawing me in. I made a point to only look over to their table once the rest of my set. I have a joke that uses the word "slut". When I said the word I looked at the redhead and I saw her eyes light up. I didn't take advantage of audience members very often, but these girls were starting to intrigue me.


AMY:
They announced "last call" and we made sure to get one more drink in us while the comedian finished up on stage. He said "goodnight" and the audience loved him—standing ovation.

He then went to the back of the room, towards the door, to sign autographs. Shannon told me to wait a few minutes; she wanted to be one of the last ones out so she could talk to him. It looked like a couple of other girls had the same idea (and probably did every night).


JIM:
The girls I'd been looking for finally walked up, the blonde first. I signed an autograph on my 8x10 and told her how pretty she was. She told me how funny I was, and then stood aside so I could greet the redhead.

The tiny red haired girl introduced herself as Shannon and said that she loved my show. I asked her if she wanted an autograph.


SHANNON:
I leaned over and whispered into his ear that I wanted him to autograph my tits. He smiled and put a hand on my hip. Bullseye. He whispered back that he didn't have a marker to write on me with, but there was one in his dressing room if I could wait a few minutes.

It was the perfect response, and I told him I'd love to. A few other sluts were behind us, and I liked to see him sign autographs for them as fast as he could. He really wanted to get me back there. Just watching a handsome man with this much power over women was really making me wet.

Eventually it was just the three of us. Amy started to excuse herself so we would be alone, but he insisted that she come back to. I could tell she wasn't that comfortable with it, but she didn't want to blow my chance at him, so she agreed.


AMY:
He took us back to his dressing room, which was actually an especially tiny room with a few giant mirrors. JIM raffled around for a minute like he was trying to find a marker (though I suspect he had one ready for just an occasion) and told Shannon to take her shirt off for her autograph.

I sat down in the corner while she did so. She kneeled down in front of him and took off her top.


JIM:
She pulled the t-shirt over her head and had a fair bust for being so petite—I'd guess a B cup in a lacy black bra. I knelt down, took her bra off while she purred, and started rubbing her tits and I slowly wrote on them. I wrote on her breasts in big black letters, "you're going to suck my dick. – JIM"

She looked down and saw what I'd scrolled on her tits. Her eyes sparkled. She stayed on her knees while I stood and unzipped.


AMY:
I wanted to stay in the back and let her have her fun, but I admit I was a little jealous of her when I saw him whip out his big dick. Maybe it wasn't huge, but I think it was the biggest either of us had seen. I don't know for sure, but probably over seven inches. As he rubbed it on my roommates face, I felt compelled to tell him what a nice cock he had. I did; he just smiled at me seductively while she put one of his balls in her mouth. I'd never seen anybody do anything like this in front of me before, let alone a girl I was friends with, and have to admit that it really turned me on to see my roommate on her knees. I was glad he didn't let me sneak out to the car when I tried to excuse myself.


SHANNON:
Needless to say, I was having a blast. Pretty drunk and REALLY horny, and I had a great looking guy with a big dick at my disposal. I was a little hesitant to put it in my mouth at first, it would certainly be the largest I'd ever sucked.

I always liked giving guys blowjobs because it was something that I could do and feel like I was in control. This was a whole separate experience, though, and I liked it even more. He wasn't the slightest bit shy about pushing my face around, or grabbing my hair, and showing me what he wanted me to do. For a while he put his balls in my mouth while he rubbed his dick on my pretty face. Eventually he put his swollen head to my lips.

As I opened my mouth and leaned forward, he did something that I couldn't believe: he grabbed me by the hair and pulled my face away from it. I'd never wanted a cock in my mouth so bad in my life and he was TEASING ME with it.

I heard him ask Amy if she wanted to see how a groupie sucks a dick. She said yes, so he told me I had to ask nicely for permission before he would let me blow him. I couldn't believe I was doing it, but I wanted him so bad. I feel slutty thinking about it now. Down on my knees, my roommate watching me beg to be mouth-fucked, but I couldn't help it. I asked him to please stick his dick in my mouth.

He patted me on the head and said "good girl", then put it to my lips again. I desperately took the head in my mouth, and couldn't believe how big it felt. Maybe it was just the psychology of it, but it seemed so much bigger than any other cock I'd eaten.

I started slowly bobbing my head to keep time with the slow thrust of his hips. I was taking it about halfway in while he was slowly building up momentum. I felt good about the fact he was obviously enjoying me. 


JIM:

It's quite a sensation to have such a pretty girl on her knees, moaning on your penis. You can just tell that some girls love to suck dick. I noticed she wasn't taking it very far in her mouth, so I told her I'd like to see just how much she could throat at once. I grabbed two handfuls of red hair and pulled her onto it. Shannon was looking up at me while I did filled her mouth up, and her pretty green eyes almost popped out of her head. She didn't get the whole thing, but she got a lot. I told her she was making my cock very happy, because that was more than most girls can take, and she seemed to love it.

At this point I really started to fuck her mouth. We both really started to get into it. She loved eating my cock just as much as I loved feeding it to her. All the while I was making eye contact with her roommate, who was slowly inching closer to get a better view. I wasn't sure that she was aware that she was playing with her breasts or if she was just getting caught up in the show.

While I fucked the redhead's mouth, I started to talk to Amy.

"Have you ever seen a girl suck a dick before?"

She said she hadn't, but she was really enjoying it.

I noticed my hips pumping faster and faster. Instinct was really taking over and I started shoving my dick in and out of this girl's mouth with abandon, letting up only slightly if she gagged.

The sex was taking me over, but I still tried to play it cool to the roommate. I told her, "You should be proud of your little friend here, I think this is probably the best I've ever gotten. You can tell this bitch likes being on her knees."

Amy didn't say anything in reply, instead sliding closer so that she was next to her friend.


AMY:

It was really something to watch a guy use his dick on my friend. I didn't want to take away from her fun, but I didn't want to be left out either.

I reached out and played with his big balls, moving occasionally to jerk the base of his cock where her lips couldn't quite reach. To show me that he liked it, he reached out and patted me on the head, running his fingers through my hair. It was so arousing to play with the same cock my friend was.

"You'd better give my girl here a big load, she always talks about how much she loves cum," I told him.

"Is that right," he replied as he slid his had onto my tits, "well you can bet I'm going to fill her up with my boys."

I smiled to return the seductive look he gave me. I'm not sure why, then, I was just going on instinct, but I reached out to grab the back of my roommates head and started shoving it onto that big cock. I'm not sure if I liked seeing her filled up, or seeing him get his dick off, but I wanted to make sure the fucking was hard.

By now his hand found its way under my shirt and I was really starting to tingle. It's hard to describe but, watching her suck that cock, it's like he and I were both getting off on her being face-fucked. I guess I just love seeing a man get off, so I started to cheer her on:

"Take it all if you want him to fill up your mouth," I told her. "He could have had any of those girls tonight. Show me why you're the best little slut there is."

Like spurs into a horse, she started working that cock even harder.


SHANNON:

By now I couldn't think, I was just in pure ecstasy. Here I was with a mouth full of wang and two pairs of hands going over my body. He'd been doing it for a while, my jaw was starting to hurt. Eventually I could feel it start to throb in my mouth and I knew he was about to finish.

He grabbed me by the hair again as he announced that he was getting close. He moaned, "I'm hope you're ready to eat a lot, 'cause you earned it."

I nodded as best I could, and he unloaded more than I was ready for. First in my mouth then, would I couldn't keep swallowing, on my face. He grabbed his dick and jacked over my face until it was empty, then made my friend Amy lick him clean. She sucked it until it was limp, then turned and licked as much of the sperm as she could off of my face. I'm sure I eventually left the room, though, covered in dry cum.

Wrapped up in the moment, I caught myself playing with her big tits while she returned the favor, and we were making out with the load of sperm. He was just standing over us and enjoying the show.

He smiled. "You bitches are okay. Normally this is when I tell the girl to take off, but why don't we go get a drink?"

I couldn't blame him for wanting more. We had to be pretty hot, rolling around in his cum like a couple of sluts. I smiled and said, "but the bars are closed."

Then Amy smiled. "There's a bottle of Jack in my jeep. We could go drink in my backseat."

We straitened up and snuck outside for round two… but that will have to wait for later.