 The week after our first weekend of glorious sex together was an absolute nightmare. At work I was transferred onto a new bidding project and the timescales and pressure were furious.

James and I only managed to get together once during the whole week and I had arrived at his flat exhausted and late. He had cooked a very nice lobster risotto and I was famished. He was incredibly generous with his tolerance of both my arrival time and also the way that I greedily gobbled down his carefully prepared meal. He had a delightful, well aged Rioja to go with it and the combinations of flavours was a joy.

In the heat of battle at work I had almost forgotten the pleasures of our physical relationship and was slightly shocked when, after dinner, he put his hands on my hips and kissed me. He slowly explored my mouth and lips with his tongue and I delighted in the intimacy. He kissed me more deeply, our tongues playing a game of catch as our mouths were joined as one.

He led me through into his bedroom, it was a classic bachelor pad, clean dark red wood cabinets, a large mirrored sliding wardrobe. I slid open the door and was not surprised to see his suits lined up in perfect lines, next to them a collection of freshly ironed shirts.

Slowly, he pulled me away and towards the bed, running his hand lightly across my breasts, I could see in his eyes that he intended to take me as soon as possible and was not keen to wait for me to satisfy my curiosity with his life.

I let him slip my jacket off my shoulders and again run his hand down my light blue cotton blouse. Once again he kissed me, slowly moving round my face until he was lightly nibbling my ear, I could feel his tongue running round the rim of my ear as his teeth pressed into the lobe. I wriggled appreciatively and sighed quietly, enjoying the way that he slowly aroused me without rushing into it too quickly. After a while and with a gentle touch he started to undo the buttons on my blouse. It slid down from my shoulders onto the floor, and he ran his fingers gently down over my shiny bra, making a gentle mmm sound to indicate his enjoyment, as his fingers moved to unclip the button on the front of my trousers.

Once he had rid me of them, I stood in front of him in a matching satin bra and panties. His mouth remained close to mine, gently kissing and nibbling my lips. I had gone from tired and irritable to aroused in just a few minutes and I couldn't wait for the next course. He quickly slid out of his clothes without ceasing his kissing and I felt his hard cock next to my silky white knickers, pushing expectantly at the fabric, impatient to enter me.

James removed the last vestiges of my modesty and then, pushing me back onto the crisp white sheets of his bed, he kneeled down onto the rug next to the bed, before pushing my legs apart and then burying his face in my pussy.

It was glorious to feel his mouth gently kissing and licking my clit, his tongue occasionally moving down to dart into my now wet and aroused vagina. I just let the pleasure roll on and as soon as my orgasm approached I just let it come, screaming out with joy as the waves spread down through my legs.

His cock was quickly inside me, having pushed me back up the bed, he then lay on top of me and was pumping deep inside me. I just relaxed and let him take me as he wanted, he moved around me lifting my legs onto his shoulders. Taking me deep as his cock pushed fully into my pussy. 

Next he flipped me over and pulling my ass up, fucked me from behind, again thrusting far into me. He put his hands onto my shoulders to pull me closer, forcing himself into me until I cried out in a mixture of pleasure and pain. Finally he lay back on his side and with our legs intertwined gently pumped me full of his cum as he fingered my button hard nipples and my clit. I came shortly after him and was happy, sated and content.

We lay together, my head on his shoulder and I was ready for sleep. It was lovely to have someone who could offer a way out from the permanent pressure of work, to make a fuss of me and offer such physical release at the end of a hard day.

'That was truly lovely' I commented to him as I snuggled up to his naked body.

'You know what has surprised me about making love to you the most, has been that you are quite submissive. You have such a hard reputation at work but then in bed you just seem happy to enjoy whatever comes along.'

I was interested in his view and had to agree that it was nice to relax in bed and be dominated for once.

'Yes you are right' I concurred 'it is nice for once to give up control. Especially when it is to someone as expert in giving pleasure as you. '

'Do you remember last Friday?' He continued. 'You told me about your favourite fantasies?'

I nodded my agreement trying to remember what I had said in my wine soaked haze. 'Would you really be interested on two blokes at the same time, cos if you are then I have the perfect opportunity for you. '

I remained silent trying to remember exactly what I had proposed. It was true that I did have this crazy fantasy that I thought of from time to time, where two guys pleasured me at the same time, seeing to my every physical need before finally taking me in as they wanted. A sort of sexual quid pro quo where each side gets to fulfil a little extreme dream.

'I think that I might. ' I answered 'but who with? It would have to be a good friend of yours that you can trust, but I don't want to necessarily meet them ever again. Certainly not at work. '

'Well that's what makes Robert perfect, I have known him for five years and can trust him to be the perfect gentleman, but on the other hand he lives in Singapore and also has quite liberal attitudes to sex.'

I decided that I didn't really want to know how James knew about his friends liberal attitude, and started to think through whether I really wanted this to become real or whether I would rather it remained a figment of my imagination.

'I tell you what I will do. ' He continued as he could see I wasn't sure. 'I will mention it to him and we can all have dinner on Saturday together. If you want to go ahead with it then you go and sit on the sofa after dinner. If you don't then you stay at the table, or go to bed. That way the choice is entirely yours.'

'OK' I agreed, that gave me some time to meet Robert and to consider what I really wanted.

The rest of the week flew by, the bid we were working on was going well and I even got to work with James from time to time on it. We were looking to build a new trading system for an expanding hedge fund that was trying to get its systems in order after too long.

On Saturday I woke, nervous at the thought of the evening's activities and threw myself into a hectic trip to the gym and then some shopping in the afternoon. I partly worked as I realised at six that I better get ready.

I put on a sexy lace string and some fishnet hold-ups. Over this I wore a short black dress that I had bought for the occasion, it was very tight, showing off every line of my figure and the neckline dived boldly down to reveal a significant amount of cleavage.

I figured that, when dressing to go to dinner with two guys who are planning on fucking you together, there is no point dressing too innocently. In my mind I still wasn't sure if I was going to go through with it, but it was really arousing me to think about it. Even as I left the flat I could feel my knickers damp.

I arrived and James met me at the door, kissing me passionately on the mouth, his tongue darting briefly into mine. I could see a nervous glint in his eyes, which only intensified my nerves.

'Remember that the choice is entirely yours. If you want to leave at any time, and I mean at any time, just say that you are tired. As soon as you say that we will stop whatever. '

I nodded and walked into the lounge. Robert came up to from where he had been standing at the window. I watched his eyes size me up as he walked towards me, moving from my face down over my chest and legs, I presumed to decide whether I was his type. He kissed me on both cheeks and went over to the drinks cabinet.

He was very much my type, about six foot, athletically built but not too muscular. You could see slight bulges in the arms of his cotton shirt defining tone but nothing body builder style. He had thick black hair, moderately long but again not too extreme.

'Can I get you something to drink?' He offered. It was only at this stage that I realised he had a slight French accent, which really turned me on.

'Yes please.' I responded quickly. 'A large gin and tonic if you have it.'

'I'll see what James has.'

He eventually found some tonic and ice and the three of us settled on the chairs on James' balcony, overlooking one of the wharfs in Docklands. Robert, it turned out, worked in a similar area to me, albeit for a competitor based if the Far East. We spent a pleasant time talking shop before James announced that dinner was served and we went through into the lounge again, where he had set out a very impressive spread.

Over dinner I tucked into a variety of excellent wines that James had brought in, and at times I forgot what arrangements we had made for later. As the evening wore on through desert I realised that it was approaching decision time. On one hand I didn't want to stop talking. The two of them were excellent company and we laughed a lot as we shared stories.

On the other hand I had this nagging feeling that this was a once in a lifetime chance. Robert was, in many ways, the perfect guy, I really fancied him and he and James had obviously shared some adventures in the past that they only hinted at. I was also quite aroused, having thought about the prospect of an evening of sexual excess all day.

Over coffee James told Robert of my perfect seduction the previous week and I could see that he was trying to move the conversation around to more intimate matters. It was strange to be sitting with two great looking guys considering whether to fuck them together. I could see a look of desire in both of their eyes and, as I leaned forward to pour more coffee, I noticed how they both focused more on the gap that had opened in the front of my dress than on my face.

I drank the coffee slowly, feeling my heart now beating ten to the dozen as I considered what I knew I was about to do. I watched them keep a close eye on me, waiting to see if I moved to the sofa to give them my consent. I noticed my hand shake slightly as I picked up my cup to empty the last mouthful. There was no longer any playing for time, we all knew that I had come there to have them both, and as inevitably as ice melts in a cold drink, the time had arrived.

I considered one final time whether I was completely happy with what I was about to do. I did feel slightly unsure, firstly whether James would still respect me afterwards and also whether I really wanted to behave in, what was for me, was a very slutish way.

I stood up and they watched me carefully to see which way I moved, for a second I wavered and considered going into the bedroom where I was sure I could have a beautiful reprise of the superb sex I had enjoyed with James earlier in the week. Somehow however I grasped the courage, the insanity to walk over to the sofa where I sat down and tried to prepare myself emotionally.

I looked around and looked at the two guys. Suddenly, now that I had thrown down the gauntlet, there was a slight look of doubt in their minds. Perhaps they were thinking that now they would have to perform in front of another guy. I could see however that Robert almost wanted to eat me alive, I even saw him lick his lips as he walked over towards me.

'Do you have any particular requests?' James asked, as the two guys sat down next to me on the sofa, one on either side. It was a long black leather sofa and I pushed my back into it as I tensed my legs, trying to dispel some of the tension I was feeling. 

I thought through what I had always dreamed of in my fantasies, unsure whether I really wanted to act out the very depths of my own minds eye. Then prepared my response, slightly embarrassed to be describing exactly how I wished to act out one of my own fantasies.

'Firstly you have to pleasure me. Tease me, drag out my pleasures, and serve me as sexual slaves. I want to come twice and I want really good orgasms. Then when I am sated, you may use me as you will. I will let you take me as you like.' I had finally decided to live out the fantasy in its entirety; their eyes were watching me like birds of prey.

'You may not hurt me however, nor bruise me or mark my skin. You may not tie me up or cover my eyes.' I continued.

I was looking at James in particular at this point, remembering the terror that I felt when he took me the previous Friday.

'Of course, whatever you want. ' They both nodded their assent.

James made the first move, reaching up to my face and taking my head in his hands, kissing it deeply, forcing his tongue into my mouth. My shoulders were pulled round to face him and almost immediately I felt Robert take the zip at the nape of my neck, and gently pull it down to the small of my back. 

I realised immediately how having two men together changes every thing, you can no longer control the speed of anything, as there are two of them manipulating you while you can focus on one of them. I would have been happy just to kiss them for a minute or two and with only James would have kept him there. But instead, Robert had been free to start undressing me, and as soon as the zip was undone he slipped the shoulder straps of my dress down my arms, revealing my breasts to the two of them. I felt slightly invaded by this brash move but ignored it and hoped that the sensation would go away as I relaxed and became more turned on.

James continued to kiss me, and I started to undo the buttons on his shirt. At the same time Robert had taken each of my breasts into his hands and was massaging my already erect nipples. He lifted me off the sofa slightly and then slid the dress from under me and down my stockinged legs. He had now revealed my lace string and hold ups and I realised that either I had to expect to be naked in front of him very soon, or I had to say something immediately. I decided to let him have his way and try to enjoy the very odd sensation of letting a guy I had just met undress me.

Robert changed his focus from breasts to feet, sliding my hold-ups down my legs and taking one of my feet into his mouth, his tongue circling my toes in turn. James took up the baton with my breast, gently cupping it, lightly circling my nipple. I leant back and luxuriated in the sensual overload of simultaneous arousal of mouth, breasts and toes. The guys were still not done however, James started to play with my ear with his free hand, Robert finally lifted my ass very slightly off the sofa and slid the lace string down my legs. He undressed himself quickly then pushed my legs apart and settled down in front of me.

I suddenly felt very exposed with a guy I had only just met, kneeling naked between my legs, the lips of my pussy wide open for his inspection. There were only a few guys in the world that had ever seen my pussy so exposed, and yet he was already sitting looking at it with complete access, only a couple of hours after our meeting.

I looked down at him and was shocked to see the size of his cock, it wasn't even fully erect and it was already seven inches. I wondered how much bigger it could get, and whether I could really get something that big inside me.

Somehow the fact that we were all naked by now made me feel much more secure and happy, and in fact I suspected the guys were probably more ill at ease. I wondered how James felt about the fact that Roberts's cock was so much bigger.

James had also shed his clothes by now and was still sitting next to me, kissing my lips, playing with my breasts.

Robert started kissing the insides of my thighs, and then licking them with long strokes of his tongue, my clit was, by now, screaming out for some attention. I was relieved when his mouth finally moved up and that long tongue started licking my clit instead. I sighed in ecstasy, enjoying every feeling as the two of them saturated my senses.

James knelt on the sofa in front of me, pushing me back and inviting me to suck on his cock, which I was delighted to do, taking it into my mouth, licking off the pre-cum and tasting it greedily. Meanwhile Robert knelt on the floor and, pulling my hips to the edge of the sofa, gently inserted his dick in my now soaked pussy. It felt huge and I could feel it stretching me all the way in, and then gently pushing up against my cervix. He was massaging my clit at the same time and I came almost immediately. James still had his cock deep in my mouth, with my tongue circling his glands, so I could only bleat quietly as the huge orgasm rocked through my body.

The guys decided between themselves, as if at a prearranged signal, to change positions. Robert kneeled on the sofa, in front of me, his cock still dripping with my juices. I licked them off; enjoying the taste of my pussy intermingled with his pre-cum, he watched intently, as if he was judging what else I might do for him.

James meanwhile was kneeling between by legs, sucking my clit. 

Once again I just relaxed back into the sofa and enjoyed the physical sensation of two guys pleasuring my mouth, breasts clit and toes. It was like nothing I had ever felt before, especially when James started to gently run his finger around my anus. He had a tube of lubricant that he had obviously prepared earlier and had liberally coated his hand before he started touching me. As he was sucking my clit he also inserted one of his fingers into my ass, another into my pussy and was gently thrusting them back and forth in time with his licks.

I completely relaxed and let them focus on pleasuring me for as long as possible, keen to make the moment last. I no longer felt self-conscious at all, and it seemed somehow quite natural to have two guys working their magic to ensure my physical satisfaction.

James changed position once again and started fucking me again, kneeling on the floor in front of me, his hand lightly caressing my clit. I kept getting close to coming and then pulling back, relaxing into it to make it longer.

Finally I lost control of my orgasm, the stimulation was very strong and with Roberts's cock gently fucking my mouth, I was in no position to argue or tell them to slow down.

I came again, this time a stronger orgasm than the previous time, practically screaming at the immense pleasure. It was perhaps the most extreme physical experience I could imagine, as if my whole body was exploding with their touch. They kept up the stimulation until it was too much to bear, and eventually I was forced to push James' head away with my hand.

We all relaxed, I was almost exhausted after the extended time on the brink of coming. I was however intent to complete the fantasy, I wanted to feel two guys use me as a sexual toy, to have them pleasure themselves with my body without any thought to my sexual satisfaction or feelings.

'It is your turn now.' I declared. 'Tell me what you want, and take me how you want. ' I was still aroused and was hankering after another orgasm but wanted to experience a complete feeling of domination by two very hot guys first.

Robert was still kneeling in front of me, his cock hovering just a few centimetres from my face. He looked into my eyes and said. 'I am going to come onto your face, is that ok?'

'Look,' I said 'you can do what ever you want to, that is the fantasy for me, whatever you want. I want to feel sexually used, abused if you want. Whatever you think in your fantasies you have always wanted to try, just go for it. When I have had enough I will tell you to stop.'
