 Sometimes the most exciting part of my strip show happens in the dressing room after the lights go down...

Kisses,

Maxi

------------------------------------------

It was the last show of the night and the crowd was thin so I noticed her first. She was sitting stageside with her husband? boyfriend? It didn't matter. As the first song of my show blared over the loudspeakers and I moved around the stage, doing my thing and smiling at everyone, I could see her watching and the nervous little smile she had. He was laughing and speaking into her ear, trying to get her into the spirit of the moment but it was obvious she was a little uncomfortable. It happens a lot, guys trying to share the strip club experience with their women. Sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes I help to smooth the waters when the mood strikes me. That particular Friday was one of those nights.

As the second song started I slowly removed my top and held it against my breasts, teasing and swaying to the music. I turned my back to them and bent over, looking between my legs at her as I dropped my top. She had a fascinated look on her face then. People tend to get that look when they see my bare tits up close for the first time. I've seen it a hundred times and I still love it. I stood up and moved so I was standing in front of them, moving in time to the beat, leaning over so my breasts were swaying right over their heads as I cupped them with my hands, offering them invitingly to her now eager gaze.

I laughed and moved away, making my way around the stage, taking tips and smothering people between my boobs, just generally having a great time. I really love showing off and it's always been a turnon for me to be naked in front of a group of people. It just works for me, you know? If you've ever seen one of my shows you know what I mean, I'm the happiest when I'm on stage. By the time I made it back around to them I was completely nude, my costume pieces lying in a pile at the back of the stage. I knelt in front of them and took turns, first putting his face between my tits and bouncing him around a little. He had a happy look as I let him go, moving slightly to the right to be in front of her. She was laughing at him until I gently pulled her face to my breasts, rubbing them softly against her lips. She surprised me by taking my left breast in her hands starting to suck on my nipple very quickly. I let it last for a few seconds then gently pulled away, not wanting either of us to get into trouble. I smiled at her as I stood up to finish my last song and take a bow as the DJ announced the end of my show. 

Wrapping a towel around myself I gathered the pieces of my costume and my tips from the stage, then carried my basket down the steps. They were waiting to greet me as I made my way to my dressing room, telling me how much they'd enjoyed the show. He carried my basket for me and she took my hand as they followed me to the back of the club. We stopped outside the dressing room door and as I turned to say goodnight to them she surprised me again, wrapping her arms around me and kissing me. For some reason it hit me just the right way and I started kissing her back, letting my hands roam over her body. She moved in closer then and pressed herself against me, reaching under my towel to grab my ass.

We stayed like that for a minute then came up for air, both of us smiling. I took a quick look around and didn't see anyone else nearby so I took her hand and led them through the door into my dressing room. I killed the overhead lights leaving it semi dark inside with just the one light on the dressing table. Locking the door behind us I dropped my towel and stood there nude in front of them. He moved first, rubbing his hands over my breasts as he licked my nipple. I stroked my hand over his crotch and I could feel a nice hard bulge as he pushed against me. I shuddered and turned my attention to her. She was looking very nervous by then so I took her face in my hands and kissed her deeply as I unbuttoned her top. I peeled it away from her and dropped it on the couch, then unhooked her bra, freeing her nicely sized breasts. 

He moved behind me, freely touching and exploring my body as I did the same to his girl. She slipped out of her shorts and panties, adding them to the pile of clothing we'd started, then pressed her naked body against mine. We stayed like that for a minute or two, just rubbing and touching. I don't know exactly why but I was so fucking horny by then that I almost couldn't stand it. I moved her backward, sitting her on the couch and puling her ass forward until she was perched on the edge of the cushion as she leaned back. I got down on my knees and turned to him, finding him already unbuckling his jeans. I helped him fight to get them off and we all laughed as he struggled to get naked with us. Flinging them aside at last he stood in front of me, his medium sized cock at half mast. I quickly took him into my mouth and in no time at all he was sporting a raging hardon.

Pulling him down to his knees with me I turned and parted her long slim legs. She was visibly wet and quivering with anticipation, and she moaned as my tongue slid into her sweet pussy for the first time. She wrapped her fingers in my hair and held me to her as I licked and I could feel his hands on my hips as he moved in behind me. It was my turn to moan into her wetness as I felt him slide slowly into me. He was bigger than I'd thought and I gasped as he filled me completely. He started moving inside me and my thoughts just scattered. I became a creature of pure lust at that point, kneading her soft breasts and eating her delicious pussy as her man fucked me, pushing my hungry wet cunt back at him as he slammed into me while she held my tongue inside her. All the heat I'd built up all night came rushing to the surface at once and I started to cum. My orgasm ripped through me and I cried out, bucking my hips as I sucked her clit, pushing her over the edge as well. She gripped my hair hard and pushed against my lips, screaming out her pleasure as she came in my mouth. At the same moment I felt his cock swell even harder as he slammed forward, burying himself all the way inside me as he moaned out loud while he pumped his scalding sperm deep inside me. We shook and groaned as we spent ourselves, our breathing hard as we all came together. 

I licked her clit one last time, eliciting a final spasm from her as he slipped out of me. I could feel his hot cum as it oozed out of my pussy and it made me smile. I sat back and lit a cigarette as I watched them dress, then stood and kissed them both goodnight. As they made their way out the door I couldn't help but think that this was one of the best ways to wind up my last night at that club. Maybe I'll see them again the next time I go back there. Or maybe it will be you sitting stageside...

----------------------------------