 This story is loosely based upon some true events. Names have been changed to protect identities. It is a prequel to my Stepdaughter stories and includes some of the characters featured in those.

*****

Three years before I began my affair with her daughter, I did enjoy a fantastic relationship with my wife. Our sex life was very active and adventurous. We had dabbled with threesomes with both men and women but without a doubt, our favourite was with another woman.

We were not what you might call experienced swingers, we never went out of our way to indulge this side of our life, but when the opportunity arose we would welcome it. If we went away together it would be something that was on our minds and Colleen was the main instigator.

Family holidays were not the usual time for such activities however. When Kimberley was younger we usually had a family room which made it impossible for much to happen. This year though was different. Kimberley was going to bring a friend. Her and Maddison were going to have one room and Colleen and I another.

We had a nice hotel in Rhodes town, just on a beach. There was a small swimming pool but due to the vicinity of the sea, we spent our days there. In the evening we would all walk into the town for dinner and then once we had returned to the hotel afterwards, the girls would head off to bed while Colleen and I would grab a drink in the bar and chill out.

The first evening in the bar we both noticed the girl behind the bar. As it was quite late in the season the hotel was fairly quiet and so apart from a few other couples, the bar was pretty empty. Colleen went up to the bar to order some more drinks and started to chat up the bar maid. A few minutes passed and it looked as if I was going to have to get my own drink or maybe join in the conversation.

"This is Anya." Colleen said as I picked up my drink from the bar.

"Hello Anya." I said and took a sip of my drink.

"Hello." Anya smiled.

I took another sip of my drink and then cast my eyes over Anya. Facially she was not to my taste. Her features were sharp and her hair tied back in a tight ponytail that emphasised these features. Her eyes though were playful and dark and I could tell by their movements that she was doing the same to me. She smiled again as I lowered my gaze to her chest. Her white shirt concealed large breasts held in a black bra that showed a little through her shirt. The buttons strained a little and she was not able to do the top two up that revealed the beginning of her cleavage.

"Anya is from Romania."

"Romania? Wow. What brings you to Rhodes?" I asked.

"I work here during the summer." She replied with a heavy accent, "I can make better money here than at home."

"I was just asking Anya what time she closed the bar." Colleen said purposefully.

I looked at Anya who blushed a little.

"Soon." She said.

"I didn't think you'd mind if I invited her to join us for a drink." Colleen continued.

I knew what Colleen had in mind and from the look on Anya's face, so did she.

"I told your wife that I could have a quick drink with you but I have to leave soon so cannot stay long."

I must have looked disappointed because Anya reached out her hand and stroked my face. Colleen looked on eagerly to see what I did.

"But I promise that I will make myself free another night. Not tomorrow but the next."

She smiled as my expression changed and then thanked a customer as they deposited a couple of glasses on the bar.

"Do you do room service?" I asked.

Anya blushed again as she realised what I meant.

"Sometimes."

"How about that last drink then Anya?" Colleen asked noting that we were the last two people in the bar.

"Sure. Go and sit down and I will bring them over."

We returned to our table. I watched her pouring our drinks and place them onto a small tray. With a flourish she lifted the tray up and came out from behind the bar. As she walked over to us I took in the rest of her body. I guessed that she was quite tall. About 5' 10" perhaps. Her breasts moved slightly as she walked and with her hand up by her shoulder holding the tray of drinks, the shirt had lifted slightly to reveal a thin strip of tanned skin. Her waist cut in sharply and then her hips widened. An hourglass figure. She wore black trousers that clung to her hips at the top and then flared out below the knee. Two slits showed off toned calves with the hint of a tattoo near one of her ankles.

"Our drinks." She announced placing them on the table.

Anya turned to put the tray on an adjacent table. This gave a fleeting but adequate glimpse of her rounded arse and the hint of lace poking out of her waistband.

Colleen reached out a hand and gave her arse a playful slap. Anya spun around and looked at me.

"Was that you?" She said accusingly.

Laughing, I pointed to Colleen. Anya sat down opposite us and started to fiddle with the clip that held her hair back. With a slight movement of her head, her hair dropped and framed her face perfectly. Her sharp features softened and I felt more attracted to her.

The three of us chatted and flirted for a few minutes while drinking. Anya had casually undone another button that eased some of the burden caused by her breasts but eventually she finished her drink.

"I'm sorry." She said getting up, "I have to finish up here and leave."

Colleen and I stood up. Anya leant over to kiss Colleen on the lips. Their mouths opened and Colleen reached out a hand to fondle one of her breasts. Their lips parted and Anya smiled and leaned in to kiss me. Our lips met and our tongues intertwined. I too placed a hand on a breast and gave it a squeeze.

"Don't." She said as she pulled away, "Or I may forget I am supposed to be elsewhere in twenty minutes."

"Don't worry." Colleen said, "We can wait."

"Speak for yourself." I answered running a finger along my erection.

Anya traced her own finger behind mine and smiled.

"Come on." Colleen said, "Let's leave Anya alone for now. We can fuck her another night."

Reluctantly I followed Colleen out of the bar and left Anya to her tidying up. We raced upstairs and I soon had my face buried between Colleens legs.

***

The following day was much like the last. Breakfast in the hotel, day on the beach, back to the hotel to clean up for dinner and then a walk to a restaurant for dinner. Back at the hotel Colleen asked the girls if they wanted a drink in the bar. Thankfully, both of them said they were tired and was going to bed.

"Two Gin and Tonic's please Anya." I said as I approached the bar.

"Certainly sir." She replied and then indicated with her eyes the man behind the bar to her left.

I checked the man out. His name badge indicated that his name was Mario and he was some kind of manager at the hotel.

"Room number please." Anya said as she placed the drinks on the bar in front of me.

"Thank you, two one two."

I took the drinks over to where Colleen was sitting.

"Is that her boss?" She asked.

"I guess so."

"Little chance of any fun tonight then."

We chatted a bit over our drinks and then ordered a second. Anya was pretty much stuck behind the bar as her manager seemed to be keeping quite an eye on her. By the time we ordered our third drinks the bar was empty apart from us and Anya finally had a chance to come over.

"Food and beverages manager." She explained looking over her shoulder, "I must be, how you say, on my good behaviour."

Anya picked up our empty glasses and asked if we wanted anything else.

"Just for you to lick my pussy while he fucks you up the arse." Colleen said provocatively.

Anya blushed and I looked at Colleen.

"What?" She said defensively, "He ain't my manager."

"Tomorrow night, I promise." Anya said with a smile and turned to walk away.

This time it was my turn to slap her arse. She turned to look at me and winked. Anya returned to the bar just as her manager returned. He started talking to her as we got up to leave.

"Thank you, goodnight." She said as we passed by the bar.

The manager nodded and smiled as we left saying our goodnights.

***

The following day we went on a boat trip. We was out all day exploring the small islands around Rhodes. By the time we got back it was nearly dinner time and so we found a restaurant near the harbour and ate.

Returning to the hotel the girls went up to their room and Colleen and I went to the bar. Anya was pleased to see us and as it was quiet we sat at the bar instead of our usual table.

"No manager tonight." She said happily.

Unlike the previous two nights, Anya wore her hair down. Her large bosom was encased in a red bra that was more visible behind her white shirt than the black one she wore on the first night. Three of her buttons were undone showing plenty of cleavage and occasionally a tantalising glimpse of her bra.

"We fuck tonight?" She asked as she poured us a free drink.

"Oh yes." Colleen replied.

"Good."

Another couple entered the bar and ordered drinks. We exchanged small talk with then while Anya got their order. They then went and sat down and we carried on flirting with Anya.

"I have a girlfriend in Romania like you." She said to Colleen.

"Really?" Colleen replied.

"Yes, we have sex and tease men in clubs."

"Is she bisexual like you then?" I asked.

"No, only it is me that likes the men too."

"Shame, I thought we could have a dirty weekend in Romania with you both."

Anya smiled and then said goodnight to the other couple who had by now finished their drinks and were leaving. We were alone again.

"I have to wait until eleven." Anya said nodding towards the ornate clock on the wall.

"Time for one more then." I replied, "This time, please join us."

Anya poured three drinks and came out from behind the bar. Tonight she was wearing a skirt. Knee length and tight so as to show off her curvy hips. Checking the door to the bar first she kissed me and then Colleen.

"What I will do is close the bar and then come up to your room."

"Two one two." Colleen said helpfully.

"Yes, I know. I remember this."

We finished our drinks just as the clock clicked over to eleven. Anya smiled as we gave her our glasses and we headed up to our room.

***

We sat in our room in anticipation. The minutes ticked by until eventually there was a quite knock at the door. Colleen was closest so answered it. There was a murmur of voices and then the sound of kissing. Anya then walked into the room followed by Colleen. She walked over to me and we kissed.

"Lay on the bed." Colleen told her.

I moved to one side and Anya lay in the middle of the bed. Colleen and I lay either side. I started kissing her and a free hand started to unbutton the rest of her shirt. Colleen watched impatiently, waiting for her chance. Once undone I started to caress one of her breasts while Colleen started to work on the other. Eventually, Anya stopped kissing me and started on Colleen. I took this opportunity to start kissing her breast through her bra.

Colleen and Anya stopped kissing and Anya sat up. She removed her shirt and unclipped her bra. Her beasts swung free and both Colleen and I started to suck a nipple each. Anya sat their stroking our heads as we sucked. Her nipples felt good in my mouth and her breasts soft and warm.

"You like my tits?" Anya asked.

Neither of us replied, simply feasting on her glorious breasts was answer enough. Colleen though felt that her breasts needed some attention so she removed her top and bra. Colleens tits were big but nowhere as big as Anya's. She offered them to her and she started to suck.

I carried on with what I was doing for a while and then I decided I wanted more. I got up and started to try and undo her skirt. Anya lifted her hips to allow me easier access to the zip. Once undone I grabbed the material either side of her thighs. Once again Anya lifted her hips and her skirt slid down and then off. I tossed it onto the floor and looked at her laying there. Her pussy was covered by a thin piece of lace. Still engrossed in Colleens tits but wanting to accommodate me, she opened her legs.

I stripped. I could not be bothered with my clothes anymore and my cock felt uncomfortable. Now naked I got between Anya's legs and began to kiss her sweet smelling cunt through her panties. She started to moan and I pulled the material to one side and pushed my tongue inside. Her pussy was wet and while there were no pubes either side of her pussy lips there was a neatly trimmed thatch of hair above. 

Colleen, seeing that I was now naked got off the bed and finished undressing. Only Anya with her panties had anything on. She sat up a little to watch me working on her pussy and then Colleen moved to straddle her face.

"Mmmm!" Anya said as Colleen's shaven pussy started to lower itself towards her face, "Some sixty-nine."

With Colleen now on top of Anya and with her noisily lapping at her cunt, she pushed me out of the way and started to lick. I pulled Anya's panties off and then moved round to the top of the bed so that I could finger Colleen's arsehole. I remembered she loved me doing this the last time she did this to someone. With one hand on Colleen's back Anya felt for my cock. Once found, her fingers closed around it and began to masturbate me.

It was not too long before both of them orgasmed noisily. Colleen got off and I moved round between Anya's legs and pushed my cock into her waiting cunt.

"Oh yes darling." Anya remarked as my cock slid deep inside.

"Fuck her babe." Colleen said, "Fill her full of your spunk."

"Spunk in me." Anya begged.

I started to fuck her and she wrapped her thighs around my waist. Colleen lay on the bed next to us and watched me fuck her. It was not long before I could feel my orgasm build up and I fucked her. Anya opened her eyes and looked into mine.

"Spunk for me."

My cock began to empty inside her.

"God there's loads." Colleen remarked as she saw some ooze out of Anya's pussy between my cock.

I pulled out and watched some more trickle out. Anya pushed her fingers in her pussy and swirled the mix of our juices together before pulling them out and tasting them. Colleen wanted to taste too so moved round to the end of the bed and started to lap at her creamy cunt. Still hard, I got behind Colleen and started to fuck her.

Anya watched me fucking my wife while she licked my cum from her pussy. She smiled and started to play with her tits.

"I want to suck your cock."

I pulled out of Colleen and knelt next to Anya who took my cock and guided it into her mouth. Colleen carried on licking. Anya gave the most amazing blow jobs. Her tongue licked around the tip and then took my length in. She kept doing this until my cock exploded again and she gobbled up my cum.

Exhausted, I lay on the bed next to her and watched while Colleen brought her to orgasm. Colleen then lay on the other side of me and we curled up together and dozed off.

***

I awoke an hour or so later to find Anya sucking my cock again. Colleen was still asleep. I was almost fully erect again and she was just getting me to the point where she would get on top of me and guide it inside her.

Anya rode my cock, her large tits bounced as she did and so I grabbed them and played with her nipples. She moaned as she rode my cock, her pussy wet and tight around it. I glanced at Colleen who still slept. Anya looked at her too and smiled.

" You fuck good while your wife sleeps."

My cock throbbed and my cum started to gush inside her. She orgasmed herself and then lay on my chest. We kissed for a while and the cuddled, my cock slowly slipping out of her as it softened.

"I shave my cunt tomorrow like hers." She said nodding in Colleen's direction, "I like her bald cunt so much."

"Are you going to come and fuck us tomorrow night then?"

"Oh yes." She smiled.

We cuddled for a while and then Anya got off of me and started to look for her clothes. She started to get dressed. I watched her from the bed and casually played with my cock.

"I will see you after your dinner in the bar?" Anya said as she did the buttons up on her shirt.

"I can't wait." I replied.

"Say goodbye for me." She said looking at the still sleeping Colleen.

I smiled and nodded and then got up to see her out. At the door we kissed again and I let her out. I returned to bed a looked at Colleen who was waking up. She looked at me and the round the room.

"Has Anya left?" She asked looking disappointed.

"Yeah, but she will come up again tomorrow night."

Colleen looked relieved and then glanced at my semi erect cock. She reached out to stroke it.

"If you can get this up again tonight you can fuck me up the arse." She said with a laugh.

"I will see what I can do."

Colleen still playing with my cock smiled.

"Do you remember seeing that adult shop in town?"

"I think so." I replied trying to think.

"We can see if they have a strap-on or some toys perhaps." She said running her finger over the sensitive tip of my cock, "I would love to use something like that on you both tomorrow."

My cock twitched in anticipation and was now fully erect again. Colleen got on all fours. I did not need her to say anything else. Kneeling behind her I pushed my cock into her arse and began to fuck her.

"Anya is going to shave her pussy completely for us ready for tonight."

"That will be nice." She replied, "But for now, just fuck me.

THE END