 Ralph and Jill were getting ready to leave the party at a friends house. They had been there for many hours, drinking, dancing and just having fun. They were both a bit horney and they wanted to get home and fuck.

Five other couples were there, all people they knew from work. Three of the couples were married, the others were living together.

Everyone had been dancing with each others dates, flirting and enjoying the teasing. The lights were very dim so you could hardly see who you were holding. The men had been feeling tits of all the women, (none wore bras), and grabbing the asses while they danced. The girls were playing with the cocks of all of the men and keeping them in a steady state of arousal. Even causing a couple of guys to cum in their jeans. They were all having fun teasing but that's all the farther they went. Just good clean fun with close friends.

Saying goodbye they left. Just as they started for their car Judy stopped them to ask if they could give them a ride because both she and Jack had too many drinks to drive. They lived only a mile away from them, so Ralph said okay. They all lived about twenty miles from where the party was. It was just starting to snow as they left. Big heavy flakes started coming down fast and fierce.

"Lets get home before it gets too bad." Said Jack. "This looks like it could get deep!"

Before they got halfway home the roads were covered and very slick and the car had skidded a few times, making it a bit dangerous to drive.

Just ahead Ralph could see the lights of a motel and restaurant. "Lets stop and stay here for the night, it's not worth taking a chance." He said as he pulled up to the office.

The lot was already full of cars. Jack and Ralph went to get rooms. 

A very pretty young lady greeted them warmly, asking if she could be of service. "Can I help you two guys in any way." She asked. " I'm Rose and I give good room service" They explained that they wanted rooms for them and their wives. Rose said they had only one left but it had two double beds, so if they if they were very good friends and weren't bashful it should do for the night.

The room was large with two queen size beds, a couch, table with four chairs, TV and a bath room with a large shower. Warm and clean.

Once in the room they each had a few more drinks from a bottle that Jack had brought in. Already high from the party it didn't take long for the booze to have more of an effect on them. Getting high and horney Jill and Ralph decided that they wanted to fuck, not really caring that they weren't alone in the room.

They turned out all the lights, except the bathroom, leaving the door open a bit to give a soft glow to the room. Just enough light to see by.

Jill and Ralph stripped, crawled onto one of the beds and started to play. He sucked her tits while she handled his cock and balls, as soon as he was hard enough Jill went down and sucked his prick into her mouth.

Judy and Jack watched them for a bit and getting turned on by the erotic sight of their friends making out, undressed and moved quickly to the other bed. Both naked they jumped on the bed and started to hotly kiss then switched to a 69.

The beds were only three feet apart and enough light came from the bathroom so each couple could see what the other was doing. It was exciting to watch some one else having sex and knowing that they could also see you. They were all getting turned on by this.

Judy was riding on top of Jack getting fucked while he reached up playing with her tits. Jill and Ralph copied them, each change in position was matched by the other couple. Judy and Jack 69ed, so did they, dog style was matched, even straight fucking. Both men even came at the same time.

Sitting on the sides of the beds after, they all had some more drinks. Still naked, no sense hiding anything from each other now. Ralph and Jack were both checking out and admiring the others woman. Judy was about 5' 8", medium tits that tilted up with large nipples. Light brown hair, cut short. Shapely body. And the girls were checking out the guys, comparing their cocks. Ralph's was longer but Jack's was thicker. Ralph had a foreskin while Jack was circumcised. Both looked great to the girls. Each wondered how good they would feel in their pussies.

After using the bathroom they gathered together still naked. Agreeing that after watching each other fuck what was there left to hide. Besides it was comfortable sitting around nude.

Ralph turned the t.v. on and flipped through the channels, a skin flick was showing and Judy said that she wanted to watch it. Said that she had never seen one before.

On the screen a girl was sucking a large cock. It was so big that she was having trouble getting her lips around it but using her tongue she licked the length than forcing the slick shaft into her hungry mouth. She looked as if she was enjoying it. When the man started to come she pulled her mouth off and let the cum shoot on her face and run down her chin to drip over her tits.

"Oh, gosh." Said Judy "I wish that was me, I wouldn't waste all that good cum!" The man in the video laid on his back while the girl sat astride him then lowered her cunt while guiding his huge prick into her pussy. The girl easily took this large cock up in her pussy. With a big smile on her face she started riding him.

Another couple came into the room and joined them on the bed, laying side by side, in the same position. They matched stroke for stroke for a while, then the girls switched partners. Settling down on a different cock, then they switched back. They switched back and forth several times before the men shot off in their pussies.

Ralph and Jack both had hard cocks from watching the film and the girls were slowly jacking them off.

"I want to try that." Said Judy. "How about you Jill, are you brave enough to trade partners and let Jack fuck you while Ralph fucks me?"

"You really want to? I've never done that but I'd sure like to try." Jill answered while still playing with his cock.. "Ralph, what do you say?"

"It looks like fun, I'd like to." Said Ralph. "Jack?" 

"OK. Let's have a party." Agreed Jack. "How should we start?"

"We'll start with our own man." Stated Judy. "Then when I say so we will change partners."

All getting in the same bed Ralph and Jack laid back while the girls mounted them, lowering their pussys to their husbands cocks and started to fuck. Judy was in a hurry to switch so in less than a minute she signaled Jill.

As they moved to the others partner. Judy eagerly grabbed Ralph's cock, guided it to the entrance of her pussy and sat down on it. "Yes, this feels great. I haven't had a strange cock in me for years." Said Judy. "Fuck me Ralph." Impaling herself on his hard cock, letting it sink deep in her pussy. "Oh-GREAT, give me more." She moved up and down on him. Fucking, fucking, fucking. Judy loved to fuck and this was great with a new guy, especially with her husband close by getting fucked too. 

Jill was also enjoying a fresh, different cock. "Oh, fuck me Jack! Judy, this was the best idea you've ever had, I love it!" As she rode on Jacks thick cock, enjoying it completely as she climaxed several times.

They switched again, then again. Mounting on these wonderful cocks. All coming several times. Rolling over the girls began licking and sucking on their cocks, licking the combined juices from them. Again switching back and forth. Cleaning Ralph's and Jack's cocks and getting them ready for more fun.

The sucking was doing its job, both pricks were soon ready for more. 

Rather than fuck the girls wanted to taste cum. Sucking the two hard cocks, letting them slide in and out of their mouths. Enjoying the feel of firm man flesh thrusting between their lips. Even thou the guys had just cum it didn't take too long for them to spew forth another load into two eager mouths. 

Filling their mouths with cum the girls kissed each other, swapping cum with their tongues. Each sharing with the other. Hot tasty cum from their men. Agreeing that they each tasted different but good.

Laying back, they all relaxed after a great fucking session.

"That was great." Ralph said. "This is a nice way to spend an evening."

"The only thing nicer than this." Said Jill. "Would be a couple more hard cocks to fuck with at the same time. We could line them up and fuck one after another getting a lot of sweet cum in our pussies and mouths."

"Would you really?" Asked Jack. "I don't believe you, but if you want to I'll look for a couple of guys. But I know that you would chicken out."

"I wouldn't chicken." Piped up Judy. "You find another man or two right now, and I'll fuck them right here in front of you."

"You both would chicken." Said Ralph. "Neither one of you have the guts to let us watch you fuck with some stranger."

"Bullshit " Said Jill. "You find a guy that wants fucked and Judy and I will fuck, right Judy, lets do it."

"Right now I'm so horney I could take on three or four." Judy replied. "I want to get fucked some more."

Ralph picked up the phone, called the office and asked Rose for room service." Do you have any single men registered." The girl asked why? So he explained that they needed help with two horney girls that would like to have an extra cock or two to play with and if she could join in, he and Jack wouldn't mind some fresh pussy.

"Well, there are two salesmen in the room next to you." She said. "But better than that I have three young men in the office that need a room for the night and we're all filled up. You want to share with them? We could all cum down and join in the fun."

Ralph told her to send them down and cum along herself. The door would be open and they would be waiting.

A few minutes later the door opened and Rose came in with three good looking young men, saying. "We're all filled up, no rooms left, so I closed up and we came to party with you, meet Tom, Joe and Hal, I'm Rose.

Jill and Judy had finished the bottle and were flying high, both bouncing totally naked on the bed, tits flopping while playing with their pussies. Ralph had never seen Joan this high before. Both girls were really bombed. They were going to do it, fuck these guys.

As soon as the door closed Jill went to meet the newcomers, she kissed each of them and told them to get naked. They quickly stripped to join in the fun. Eight naked people, three eager girls and five hot guys, all kinds of possible combos.

Jill took hold of Tom's cock and led him to the bed, laying back she spread her legs and told him to fuck her.

Tom, with no preliminaries, quickly mounted her lush body, inserting his stiff cock in her hot pussy. She was so juiced up from all the previous fucking that he slid easily up into her and started to fuck.

Judy laid next to Jill and said. "I have room for a cock here, who wants in?"

Joe and Hal both moved to the naked Judy. Joe knelt on the floor and buried his face between her thighs to feast on her wet pussy. While Hal moved up and held his cock to Judy's mouth for her to suck. 

Judy wrapped her legs around Joe's neck to pull him in closer and grabbed Hal's prick and guided it to her waiting lips, eager to taste the cock of this new man.

Ralph and Jack watched in amazement as their wives eagerly took on these strange new men. Totally shocked that they would do it right in front of them. They were shocked but the whole thing was so erotic that they both had hard cocks.

Jill called out for another prick, she wanted to suck on one while being fucked by Tom. Jack climbed on the bed, knelt over her and fed his cock to her open mouth.

Rose turned to Ralph saying "I guess that just leaves the two of us." Taking his cock in hand she led him to the other bed. "Fuck me and make me cum." She said and laid back on the other bed, spreading her legs, exposing her pussy to him. It looked so inviting, shaved totally bald, the lips open, moist, waiting for some action. LOVELY.

Ralph leaned down, kissed her pussy lips, then diving in he ran his tongue slowly up between those lips licking at the sweet lubricate. Lapping more and more, loving the taste. Spreading her legs wider, wishing his tongue were longer, trying to get all her moisture. Bringing Rose to several quick orgasms. Moving up he mounted her. His prick slipped easily into Rose's juicy cunt and he forgot about everything except fucking her.

Rose was an active fuck, thrusting up to meet Ralph's cock as it drove deep into her eager cunt. She liked lots of sex and hoped to try all five men and both girls tonight. But first she had to have this man screw her till she came several times.

For the next several hours they enjoyed a fantastic orgy of great sex, all possible connections. The aroma and sounds of sex was everywhere. Cocks in cunts, mouths. Tongues in pussys. Cum flowed everywhere.

Jill woke to the morning sun and looked around. She was in bed with Ralph, Joe and Hal. Judy and the others were in the other bed asleep, one on the couch, everyone was still naked.

She went to pee and shower. While in the shower she was joined by Ralph.

"Well?" He asked, as he soaped and played with her tits. "Did you get everything you wanted last night? Get enough cocks and cum?"

"Yes I did. I loved every inch and drop. Did you also enjoy the party with all the pussy?" She answered.

They were interrupted by Rose and Judy wanting the shower, the others were in line to clean up and wash the cum and sweat from their tired bodies. 

Looking outside they could see that the snow was about three feet deep and covered the cars and road completely. They were not going any where until the plows came through.

Nobody bothered to get dressed, the men wanted more sex and the girls were happy to let them so they enjoyed another orgy, taking turns sucking and fucking every cock and cunt in the room.

After getting their fill Rose suggested they go to the restaurant and get something to eat, it would be open because the cook and her husband owned the place and lived upstairs above the office.

Getting dressed they made their way to the restaurant, there were eight others there already. they also were stranded by the snow. Stuck until the snow plows showed up.

One middle aged couple, Rob and Jean. The two salesmen from the next room and two couples that Rose said came in once a month and always stayed in one room together for a weekend of swapping with each other and fucking all night. 

Rose went to the kitchen to help her boss then asked Jill if she would help take orders and serve. The place was filling up with all the other people who were stranded with them. 

The motel had ten rooms and they had all been filled so soon there were thirty some, hungry people to be fed. 

Jill, Ralph, Judy, Jack.- Rose, Tom, Joe, Hal. The two salesmen, Frank and James. Three teachers, traveling together, Nan, Kate, Sue. The two swapping couples, Carole, Alex, Kitty and Bob. Another foursome, Joan, Charlie, Grace and Al. A middle aged couple, Rob and Betty. Two truck drivers. Bert and Jim. The owners, Fred and Peg. And three other couples. One on their honeymoon. They ranged in age from eighteen,(The bride) to fifty, (Kate, one of the teachers). 

After being fed they all sat around talking and deciding what to do while they waited for the plows to clear the roads. They figured they had a long wait.

Some played cards, some read, a few of them watched TV. The newly weds went back to their room, blushing as they left. Two other couples went holding hands to their own rooms.

The talk soon turned to sex and Rose, Jill, Kitty and Carol told about some of the things they did last night with their men and how much fun group sex was. Kitty and Carol had been swapping with their husbands and a few other couples for over a year. Joan and Grace just started a couple of months ago, loved it and were looking for some other couples to party with.

Betty and Rob admitted that they had talked about swinging a few times but didn't really have a chance yet. Were willing to try. Of the teachers only Kate admitted she had been a party person with her late husband. They belonged to a group at home before he died. The other two were married but unsatisfied at home needing more than the husbands could give them. The three women met at work. After comparing notes about their lack of sex decided to get together whenever they could for some girl to girl loving. Had been meeting for several months for a threesome lesbian party.

Fred and Peg told that they had been running this motel for several years and knew that a lot of people used it for fuck parties, a lot of couples got together here, sometimes three or more in the same room. Knowing what was going on we wished we could join once in a while and have some fun too. Most of the couples came back lots of times with other couples. It seems as if every one was swinging except us.

Grace and Al asked Betty and Rob if they would like to go with them to their room and see what it's all about. "Lets go and have some fuckin fun."

They left holding hands and giggling. Jill was getting horney again with all the sex talk and decided that the two truckers looked interesting and invited them both to her room to have some fun.

After they left a couple men suggested that they all go back to bed and screw to pass the time. One of the women asked if they could choose who with? While another suggested drawing straws.

Kitty, said. "The women could write their room numbers on slips of paper then leave and the men will draw from a hat and go to that room. One extra man could cum with me." Peg said since this was her first time to swing she would take the other extra to fulfil a fantasy." Everyone agreed that this would be fun. 

They also decided to meet later and compare notes and anyone that wanted to could switch again.

Ralph, Charlie and Frank drew the teachers, Jack drew Peg, Bob/Judy, Fred\Kitty, Joe\Carole, Hal\Rose, James\Joan. Tom and Alex were the extra men As the men entered the rooms they had drawn they were met in many different ways by the women awaiting them. A few were wearing only panties, some totally naked. 

The three teachers were kneeling on the bed with bare asses facing the door and as Ralph, Charlie and Frank saw them they just dropped their pants, took hold of their cocks and each went to a pussy, not really caring which was which, pushed in and started to fuck them doggy style. 

Jill was sandwiched between Bert and Jim getting fucked by Jim while taking Bert in her ass when Judy and Rose came in, undressed and told them what was going on and to expect company.

Hal and Joe found Kitty and Carol in a 69, eating each others pussys. "Just warming things up for you." they said, as the men stripped to join them.

When Alex and James entered Joan's room all the lights were out. She told them. "Get naked and join me in bed, I don't want to see who you are but you can do any thing you want to with me."

Jack and Tom went to Peg's apartment. Finding her laying on the bed naked, a smile on her face and holding out her arms to them. "This is new for me, treat me nice"

Undressing, each went to different side. Started kissing and caressing her body. Both sucking her tits at the same time. Working on her, getting her hotter and hotter. Ready to fuck.

Two men giving her attention was great. Peg reached down and held a very hard cock in each hand. This was a favorite fantasy of hers, to be loved by two men at one time. It was about to cum true. She wanted to suck and fuck both these men. Getting on her knees, kneeling over Tom's cock she took it in her mouth, sucking it deep, using her tongue around and around.

Presenting her raised ass to Jack, he kissed the crack, moving lower to the rose bud anus he licked it. Lubricated it with his spit, pushing his tongue as deep as he could. Then holding his hard cock to her wet ass hole he pushed in. God she was tight. Pushing hard he slowly entered her. Inch by inch his cock went in until she had it all. Waiting a moment, giving her time to adjust. Jack then started to fuck her ass. Long slow strokes.
