 September 13, 2016

So this happened...

It was a nice, warm late-summer evening and the moon was full. The restaurant was nicer than we'd expected. It hadn't been open too long and Sami and I had been meaning to try it. When our friend Joy reached out to us to go there we jumped at the chance. We'd heard from several friends that it was worth trying and that we wouldn't be disappointed. Ensconced in a 'Shabby Chic' vibe, the lighting was very romantic w/ a soft glow that was very inviting w/ hues of ambers & reds. The aroma of garlic & wine permeated the air as we entered and relaxed us immediately.

The 3 of us were led to a nice semi-private booth in the back corner which was very nice and felt like our own little space had been expecting us. The table had a nice white linen tablecloth draped over a candle covered table and the soft leather booth seats welcomed us to relax and enjoy the evening.

My wife, Sami and I sat on one side of the booth and our lovely friend, Joy sat across from us. After a few seconds of settling in and taking in the atmosphere our waiter promptly arrived to get our drink order. We all began the usual chit chat and banter...each of us venting on our respective hectic work week. The drinks arrived shortly thereafter and the 3 of us hoisted our glasses, clinked one another and with a wry look on her face Joy said, "To a beautiful evening with wonderful friends". We all met each other's eyes and drank. As I looked in my wife's eyes I could see the love I so deeply adored beckoning me to acknowledge that love with a kiss and I eagerly obliged.

"Jesus, you guys! Some of us are in a drought here!" said Joy lovingly, jokingly, but with an obvious undertone of truth.

Joy is such a free spirt and a kind heart. She was an immediate kindred spirit to both Sami & me when we met her. She has the unique ability to make you feel like nothing's more important that what you're saying or feeling. Her sense of humor is right up my alley and we bond on the silliest of things. And the way she and Sami connect is heart-warming and real. They regularly do yoga together, although I think that's just a ploy so they can have lunch with each other afterwards.

The evening progressed in a rhythm that matched our three souls w/ an intuitive precision. The atmosphere was absolutely perfect and the conversation was so fulfilling... sharing stories and anecdotes...revealing inner thoughts with candor and trust...debating pros and cons, ups and downs, this and that. And the food was so exquisite! The wine just kept coming...our server paying dutiful attention to us. The three of us...completely present...giving and receiving. And the laughter, oh, the laughter! It seemed we had smiles on our faces the entire night.

I began sharing a work-related story that had happened to me earlier that week. As Sami had already heard this a few days ago, I was primarily directing this story to Joy. As I was speaking, without taking her eyes away from me and my story, Joy slowly reached her leg up under the table and gently slid her foot right into Sami's crotch! Sami made a small gasp. I was clueless to this as it was at a random moment during the story that made no sense, so I looked at her and the somewhat surprised look on her face said, "never mind sweetheart...I'm fine, go on". I continued and as the anecdote ended, I excused myself to the restroom.

I was feeling so content. Sami looked so incredibly beautiful this evening. I mean, she always does, but tonight for some reason she was radiant. I knew that later that evening I'd have her in my arms making passionate love to her...an absolute privilege I've had for several years now. Our attraction to one another is so real, deep and so beautiful. But sexually we've never been very adventurous...and yet we still deeply satisfy one another, although admittedly as of late it has been less frequent. But I wanted more for her tonight. I wanted to connect. Somehow this night felt special. Was it the moon? I don't know. What could I do? Something new, something random that would surprise and excite her! Something simple? Do I talk dirty to her? Perhaps a new position? Maybe tie her to the bed? Or try to take her in a room other than the bedroom? Something larger? I could secretly use my cell phone to get a room at the Hilton downtown, and take her there after we dropped off Joy. Hmmm, the possibilities...

As I washed my hands I realized that all this fantasy had begun the blood to flow to my manhood and the anticipation of the impending amorous connection to my loving wife was creating a permanent smile on my face and a bulge in my pants. I pulled out my cell phone and called downtown. The Hilton was booked. Damn. I tried others...all full. What the fuck? The first vacancy I found was at a hotel that was on the outskirts, and not very romantic...ok, that idea's out. I guess I'll just figure something out when we get home.

As I was returning to the table, I could hear laughter coming from our area. As I arrived, Joy and Sami were laughing hysterically! The sight was so thrilling and contagious, that as I sat down, I began to laugh as well...I don't even know what the hell was so funny!

The evening progressed splendidly and then we decided to all split a wickedly delicious dark chocolate mousse w/ a raspberry caramel glaze. Joy took the first bite..."oh my God!" she said... She then scooped a 2nd helping and offered it to Sami who eagerly opened her mouth and was looking deeply into Joy's eyes as she seductively slid the spoon into her mouth.

"Whoa", I thought...that was rather sensual...

After I paid the bill the three of us walked outside and the summer air greeted us with warmth and the light breeze was soothing. As we walked down the street, Joy and Sami were walking arm in arm...continuing the chatting and giggling like school girls. As we got to the car, I realized I had perhaps consumed more libations than I should have as the driver and we decided to Uber home instead.

The Uber driver arrived and we climbed in...Sami in the middle with Joy and I on either side of her. As Joy's house was in our direction yet past ours, Sami and I would be dropped off first. The driver asked if we had a nice time tonight and we all giggled and began to boast about the restaurant and the time we had. As we pulled up in front of our place, Joy said she really needed the restroom and asked if she could come up with us. Sami immediately said, "Sure! Wanna have a Skinny Margarita?"

"Done and done!" replied Joy.

Hmmm... It sounded like fun, though I was really looking forward to getting things going w/ Sami.

We settled in to our house and with Skinny Margaritas in hand, we sat out on the back porch, smoking and enjoying the night and each other's company. We continued chatting and laughing and I couldn't help but notice that it seemed like an energy was happening between Sami & Joy. I also couldn't help but notice that every time Sami looked at me I saw a palpable desire in her eyes. Her beautiful eyes pierce so effortlessly and lovingly into my soul. I realized I had forgotten to put on some music, so I got up to go inside.

"Refill, anyone?" asked Sami.

"Absolutely!" replied Joy, and they got up behind me and entered the Kitchen as I went to the Living Room.

I turned on the speakers and searched for the perfect playlist. Ah, yes, here it is! The perfect blend of Latin, semi-trance, jazz & soul. I launched it and a slow, soulful, sensual Latin groove started playing. I turned around to walk into the Kitchen, proud of the groove I'd found. "Hey, what do you guys think of..."

As I walked in to the Kitchen, there stood Sami & Joy, locked in a deep and very passionate kiss with their arms wrapped tightly around one another.

Was I seeing what I was seeing?! My heart began racing...what a beautifully erotic sight to behold! Had I died and gone to heaven? Noticing the stunned look on my face, Joy turned to me and said, "I'm going to fuck your wife".

The pronouncement hung in the air ensconced in a fog of visceral titillation.

"Is that so?" replied Sami.

"Oh, yeah" said Joy as she lip-locked herself again to Sami, who made no effort to resist at all, and in fact, responded to her advances amorously in kind.

Feeling like an adolescent boy who had just found out that naked women actually exist, I blurted out without thinking, "Holy shit, this is the coolest thing I've ever seen!!"

"Shut up" said Joy. And right then and there she took off her top, dropped her skirt to the floor and wearing just her bra and panties grabbed Sami by the hand and proceeded to walk right past me towards the bedroom. As they passed, Joy looked up at me and winked. Sami then gave me a wry smile and gently squeezed my crotch as she followed Joy to our bedroom.

"I'll get the drinks!" I said, picturing myself saying that as smoothly as James Bond would have, though I'm sure I sounded more like Opie Taylor.

I started making the margaritas and my mind raced. "This is real. This is really happening..." I thought about it. I don't recall Sami ever having mentioned whether or not she's ever had sex with another woman...or even fantasized about it. And yet, here it was about to happen. I began to feel myself getting hard at the mere thought of this. I finished the drinks and made my way to the bedroom.

As I entered, it was dark and I could just make out Joy helping Sami remove her clothes. Sami looked at me and asked me to light the candle that hung just above our bed.

"Gladly!" I said, and went to get the log lighter. As I walked back in, Joy, who was now completely naked was straddled on top of Sami who was laying on her back on our bed. Joy was kissing Sami passionately while simultaneously rubbing her nipples.

I carefully stepped on the bed beside Sami and began to light the candle hanging from the ceiling. While I was doing that, Joy proceeded to tenderly kiss Sami's neck, and then her collar bone, and down her chest, to her breasts. She sensuously dragged her tongue down Sami's stomach towards her pubic zone.

As I stepped down off the bed, Sami opened her eyes and saw me looking directly at her. God, she's beautiful. She grinned and reached for me. I leaned in and began to kiss her more passionately than either of us had experienced in longer than we'd like to admit. Our tongues danced around one another and took turns darting into each other's mouths. I could feel her hand on the back of my head, lightly running through my hair and at the same time, pulling my face to hers.

Suddenly Sami deeply gasped and exhaled a very passionate moan. I looked and Sami's other hand was on the back of the head of Joy, whose tongue was now apparently encircling Sami's pussy with deft precision.

Sami returned her focus to me and ran her hand down my chest to the hard-on straining to break free from my pants and began to rub and squeeze while never taking her eyes off of mine. "Take these off" she was able to whisper just before another moan escaped her lips indicating that Joy had just sent another wave of pleasure rippling through her body.

I removed my shirt. I undid the buckle of my belt, then unbuttoned my pants and as they fell to the floor my hardness popped right through my boxers. As I removed them I marveled at the sight I was beholding.

In the warm glow of candlelight with a sultry slow house beat filling the air, Joy was on her knees with her head buried between Sami's legs. Sami's knees were up and she now had both hands on the back of Joy's head. Joy lifted herself up to lean in and kiss Sami and said, "I love your pussy" while simultaneously inserting her finger into Sami's wetness.

She then began kissing Sami deeply...their tongues dancing together. She was rubbing her torso back and forth on Sami's so they could feel the smoothness of each other's soft skin. They began to press their pussies together in a slow ritual of acquaintance. Before I became aware of my own actions, I realized my left hand was caressing Joy's back, my right hand the side of Sami's face...then Joy's ass, back to Sami's breasts. I needed more hands! I began to caress the inside of Sami's thighs and the inside of Joy's at the same time. I was overwhelmed and overcome with desire.

I leaned my head in and began to lick each of their thighs...slowly approaching their pussies, one after the other. The folds and wetness of Sami's pussy so familiar and delicious like the sweetness of a fruit so delectable you'd rather die than live without, making my cock pulse with every lick. And the taste and feel of Joy's pussy, so new and inviting to my tongue. I could feel and hear their moans coincide w/ their hips moving as I darted my tongue over their respective labia glossing occasionally over their clits. It was like playing the most delicious and erotic instruments. I tickled their clits with my tongue, alternating between them, very aware of the amazing moment I was in.

I then stood up and began to finger their sweet, wet pussies, alternating between them both as they continued to kiss one another. By now my cock was rock hard.

Moans wafted gently through the air. The sensation of their wet flowers on my fingers seemed to pass through my entire body and electrify my senses. They felt similar, and yet completely different, just as they had tasted.

I watched them writhe with pleasure between them. Sami then saw me standing near her and reached out and grabbed my now throbbing cock and began stroking it. I couldn't help but to begin moaning with pleasure.

At that point Joy began to work her way back down to Sami's pussy to again lose herself in what I already knew was the sweetest, wet paradise between Sami's legs. Again Sami began to moan with pleasure.

I moved my cock to Sami's mouth and she began to suck and lick my throbbing member with such lust and desire it was if she needed it to survive. My head rocked back and a warm electric energy enveloped my entire body. I was caressing Sami's breasts with one hand and rubbing Joy's back with the other. Such bliss. I then pulled away. I did not want to cum yet. I did not want this to end...ever.

Sami then decided it was time to explore Joy. As if it were choreographed, they sensuously and lovingly traded positions. Joy was now on her back with her head near the foot of the bed and Sami began to explore Joy's body, kissing her nipples, her torso and down to her legs, her thighs and then her pussy. Joy's breathing began to increase as the pleasure began to permeate her body. I found myself entranced in the beauty of the eroticism of what was unfolding in front of me and I began stroking my hard cock. Never had I seen such a beautiful sight...watching two lovers letting themselves succumb to the pleasure of their senses. The soft candlelight draping their bodies with a warm, soft light burning forever this magnificent image in the recesses of my mind.

I continued to caress them...Sami's back, her face buried in Joy's pussy, so soft and smooth and as I ran my hand down her back, I could sense her appreciation of my touch. It seemed to enthuse her to lick Joy's wet pussy with more purpose. And I began to caress Joy's breasts. Beautiful, but opposite in proportion to Sami's. Sami's are large with big round areolas and small nipples whereas Joy's breasts are small with large protruding nipples. I leaned down and sucked on Joy's nipples. I've never seen nipples that large and I had to taste them.

Then without a second thought, I moved my cock to Joy's mouth and she took it in her mouth eagerly and began to stroke and suck. By now my cock was so hard and throbbing.

She was moaning from the amazing sensation Sami was giving her soaking wet pussy all while my rock hard cock was in her mouth.

Again they traded positions, Joy eating, licking and fingering Sami's wet folds. I could see in the soft light Sami lift her hips up to Joy's mouth and how Joy's tongue would dart in and out of her magnificent flower. Sami's moans became louder and more pronounced. I know Sami, she was about to cum. I wanted to cum with her. I was stroking my cock standing next to her feeling so privileged to be witnessing such a beautiful thing. I moved my cock back to Sami's mouth. She was sucking it and stroking the shaft as her climax was building. I pulled my cock away and leaned in to Sami's ear. I licked her ear tenderly and then inhaled quickly. The sound and sensation brought her to the brink. "Cum for me, baby" I whispered in her ear. Joy heard me and her attention to Sami's pussy intensified.

"Cum for me, Sami, cum, baby" said Joy as she beckoned Sami's orgasm to arrive. And with that, Sami's back arched and her orgasm overtook her senses.

"Oh, my god, yes! Oh, fuck! Ohhhhhh!" Sami sat up and grabbed Joy's head pulling it tightly into her pussy as several shudders of pleasure sent her flying backwards into the pillow.

"Oh, God yes! That's it baby!" I exclaimed as I continued to stroke my cock and leaned in to kiss Sami's neck.

As the last few shockwaves left Sami's body, she turned her attention to me and pulled me towards her and began to expertly suck the head of my pulsating cock while stroking the shaft and caressing my balls. "Oh, my God yes, that's it my love" I muttered. She sucked and stroked me and my breathing rapidly increased, the electricity building in my loins as my cock exploded in her mouth and on her hands. I lurched forward as I groaned loudly with pleasure and the last jets spasmed from the tip of my now spent shaft.

Joy moved herself up to Sami's face and began to kiss Sami's neck. I began caressing Joy's back as Sami reached down and began fingering the folds of Joy's wanting flower. "Your turn, doll" Sami said to Joy.

I moved my hand down to caress Joy's ass. Joy humped herself into Sami's fingers with such enthusiasm the bed began to rock. Her moans building; indicating her rapidly approaching orgasm as Sami's fingers darted in and out with tender precision. "Yes, that's it, yes...rub my clit, fuck my pussy!" Joy ordered as Sami obliged and kissed her passionately.

I was now rubbing Joy's pussy with Sami. Our fingers rubbing her pussy together was so erotic. Our fingers danced with each other while simultaneously stimulating her wet pussy. Somehow we paid as much attention to each other as to Joy's now soaking pussy and together we coaxed her orgasm to surface. With an eruption of epic convulsions Joy rocked back and forth as her orgasm enveloped her. "Ohhhhhhhh, Ohhhhh, Ohhhhhhh, Yessssssss!" Joy's convulsions seemed to keep washing over her body in endless waves. Slowly they dissipated and her body began to relax and ease into the bed.

Time stopped.

Here we were, the three of us spent with pleasure collapsed in a heap of sexual satisfaction on our bed. Sami lay next to Joy, facing her and I laid down beside Sami, spooning her. We lay there gently caressing one another for what seemed like forever without saying a word. The only sound was that of our breathing beginning to return to normal and the music coming from the other room.

My mind was racing. I would never have predicted this evening to unfold the way it did. Sami and I have never experienced anything close to something like this. In fact we've joked with each other in the past at how ordinary our sex lives were. We've never masturbated in front of each other, we have no sex toys, never talk dirty, have always been monogamous. And yet we've been very satisfied, gratified and fulfilled by each other. We love each other deeply and passionately. And now this...well guess what? We no longer have ordinary sex lives. We have been enlightened. Out of the blue, our dear friend Joy, a true free spirit showed us by example how to be open, dare to be uninhibited and enjoy ourselves. My mind has been expanded. My love for Sami has deepened so profoundly. I am the luckiest man in the universe.
