 I awoke slowly and the whole scene from the night before came back to me, I probed my psych to decide how I felt; had I fucked the two guys for me and my old fantasies, or for them. I could still feel the soreness in my ass from where the final act had been performed as I had taken them both at once. I looked across at James and was glad that we had cleared the air before going to sleep, still I was not completely confident that he would still feel the same about me after seeing me so loose with my affections the night before.

As I always did with guys, I had slept nude and I felt just a little raw and exposed, so I crept out of bed and left the slumbering hero behind. I decided that I couldn't really face a slightly strained and embarrassed breakfast and that I would rather just flee the scene and return to my own apartment. Grabbing my dress from the night before, that had been discarded so quickly, I slipped it over my head and rather wished that it covered up a little more of me. 

I couldn't see my string around so decided to leave without it, I was sure James would be pleased to find it later on. I thought to myself that while it had been nice to show off my breasts in the company of two great looking guys, the next day when you have to return back to your flat, it seemed rather too brief. I slid out of the flat and down to my Porsche praying that I would meet no one on the way. Fortunately the residents seemed to be in no hurry to be out that morning and I met no one.

I arrived back at my underground car park, and pulled back into my regular spot, but unfortunately the same could not be said of the residents there. There were two guys across the fairly empty lot, looking with a concerned state at the contents of the bonnet of a red sports car. As I turned off the engine, they obviously saw the bright colour of my dress and my bare shoulders, and adjusted their stances slightly to provide them a better sideways view of me. I pulled the door open and tried to remember the lessons I had read on disembarking from cars in short dresses. I wished that I had spent a little longer looking for my string in James' flat. 

Keeping my knees locked together, I swung round to let my feet slide onto the floor; the high-sided sports seat of the Porsche gave me no assistance, forcing my knees higher. I glanced across at the guys, and sure enough they were studying my every move while pretending to diagnose the car's engine. Pushing back against the seat, I tried to lever myself out the car gracefully, while keeping the dignity of my pussy intact. At the last minute I realized that my top had fallen far in front of my naked breasts as I leaned forwards. 

They had been provided with a clear and unobstructed view of my breasts hanging unsupported in the plunging deep v-shaped neckline of the dress. Probably they hadn't seen my nipples, but they would have seen far down to the curves at the bottom. I felt my nipples harden with a slight renewal of my arousal as I scurried quickly over to the lifts and held my arms across my chest as I waited for the sanctuary of the elevator to rescue me. I dashed through the sliding doors and preyed not to meet any of my neighbours. My heart beat rapidly as I watched the numbers rising with the altitude.

Once safely back in the safety of my flat, I slammed the door quickly closed and lent back against the cold wood of the door. I thought back over the moments in the car park and realized that I had been strangely aroused, that at no point was I annoyed with them for looking, or really embarrassed either. I had quite enjoyed the thrill of it all.

I went through into the bathroom, stripped off quickly and within a few minutes, lay back into a hot bubble tub to reflect on my feelings after a rather surprising few days. James called me a few minutes before midday to demand to know where I had disappeared to so rudely. I could tell from his tone that his feigned annoyance was not real, and just made some excuses for not wanting to disturb him. He accepted my reasons quickly, and I wondered whether he too was glad to have a little space to reflect.

Later in the day he called again, this time with genuine irritation, to announce that he had been called away to a sales trip to Berne and that he would be away all week. I felt a mixture of annoyance and satisfaction. I was enjoying the physical relationship more than the increasing feeling of dependency between us. I had lived alone for too long to give up my freedom too easily.

The following week at work was a nightmare, many of the top sales and business staff had gone on the trip with James, and for those of us that remained it meant simply that we had to cover twice the workload. My regular day job was supplemented with a host of evening tasks and the days slipped by rapidly. By Thursday however I was starting to miss my guy and I reflected that, until his arrival, I had always just worked through the week, alone and independent. Now he only had to be absent for a few days and I was getting lonely and a little frisky. 

I decided that a trip to the gym was in order and hoped in the back of my mind to meet up with Becky and the other girls. I had been neglecting things a little and felt pleased to be getting back into doing some exercise; I needed something to take my mind off the tense work situation too.

I walked into the entrance lobby of my luxury gym and was immediately delighted to be returning to the comfort and splendour of its enveloping entrance. I picked the soft fluffy white towel and dressing gown, brushing it briefly against my cheek to enjoy the sensation, and made my way into the changing room. The locker allocated to me was open and I slid my jacket off my shoulders and hung it up, quickly followed by my blouse and skirt. 

It was only as I reached behind me to unclip my bra that it occurred to me that, while James had made a very thorough job of shaving my pussy the previous weekend, I had not been maintaining his excellent work, and my pubes had grown back to a degree, leaving me with a slightly prickly problem. While I had got used to swimming nude at the spa, I didn't want to show my rather spiky five-day growth, and wondered what to do. I looked around the changing area and realized that there was a vending machine in the corner that sold a variety of things. 

Slipping the gown over my bare shoulders, I walked over to the machine and spotted amongst them a pink girly shaving set and a small canister of lubricant to help the blade. I put my coins in, punched the buttons and watched the small package fall to the ground. I returned to my clothes and slid my knickers down to the ground, popping them into the locker and securing it behind me. I looked around the changing room and thought about where it would be most comfortable and discreet, deciding eventually that I would sit down on a padded dark wooden bench in the corner facing away from the showers. 

I kept the shoulders of the gown on, opened the front and let the ends of the belt fall to the floor. Spreading my legs wide apart, I then rubbed the contents of the tube of cream over the light brown hairs that were emerging both above and between my legs. I had previously only ever shaved the lips of my pussy and the edges of the triangle above, but James had taken great pleasure from shaving me completely the previous week, and had made a few comments on how he liked the look, so I decided to continue his pleasure.

The new blade slipped swiftly and smoothly up from the top of my thigh, to the edge of my lips, and I enjoyed the slight stimulation that I felt on the tip of my clit as my fingers just grazed over it. As I was finishing off the top of my lips, I became aware of some new occupants of the room arriving and was delighted to see Becky and the other two come strolling noisily through the door in casual outfits, giggling foolishly about a mutual friend that had made a idiot of themselves. Becky squealed with delight when she saw me in the corner and came barrelling over to see me. I was unsure what to do, on one hand I just wanted to close up the robe and cover myself up, on the other I knew they would be swimming with me and didn't really want them to see my unattractive five day old prickles. I decided to soldier on and ignore the indignity of having Becky watch me.

'Hi Clare.' she exclaimed excitedly, she came round in front of me and kissed me lightly on both cheeks. I greeted her with just as much enthusiasm and we exchanged notes on the previous week. I did not fill her in on the exact details of my sexual encounters with James and Robert but she was very excited to hear that I had been out with James, quickly establishing that I had slept with him. 

As we talked, I finished off shaving the remainder of the hair from my pussy and then ran my fingers over my pubis to make sure I had not missed any annoying remaining spiky bits. I felt a little self conscious but she undressed at the same time, and by the time I had finished shaving the last few hairs from the top of my legs, she was standing in front of me, completely nude and also perfectly shaved, nattering away as if we were by the water cooler. 

I noticed that the inner lips of her pussy were much larger than mine and extended a few millimetres beyond the surface of her outer lips. I wondered if they were always like that, but was too shy to ask. She noticed me looking at her pussy and, smiling at my attentions complemented me on the thorough job that I had done.

'You look good like that, I prefer it.' she added. 'He is a lucky guy having you make yourself look that good.' She licked her lips and I remembered back to the uncomfortable moment a few weeks back when she had made a brief pass at me late on a drunken evening. I suddenly felt somewhat uneasy about our mutual exposure and quickly pulled my robe around me, preparing to go through into the pool area.

We swam together for an hour and while I remained in my own bubble, doing lengths for the most part, it was nice to stop every ten minutes and have a brief natter before sliding back under the waves. I luxuriated in the feeling of the water sliding past my nude body as I glided through it. I was surprised by how the current flowed through the gap between my legs and created a gentle pressure lightly caressing the lips of my pussy. I slowly became slightly aroused and wondered whether the feeling was cultivated by my having shaved myself more thoroughly as I had never noticed it before.

As a result, when I finished my exercise and walked over to the loungers where the other girls were relaxing, I realized that my nipples were hard and aroused and that even the lips of my pussy were slightly engorged, I hoped that the others hadn't noticed and quickly wrapped the gown around me as I descended into the walnut chair and waved at the girl at the juice bar to bring over the drinks menu.

Becky in her inimitable way was canvassing the others for a night out on the town, but they in their usual way were claiming too many things to do at home or work. I on the other hand was relaxed and reinvigorated by swim and quite fancied going out, and it was agreed that we would all go out to a local bar for a quick one, with those interested going on afterwards for more.

We returned to the changing rooms and showered together in the communal area, it was good to feel the bond of a group of confident women, I spent too much of my time at work with overbearing men and it made a nice change.

We went to the pub and over a bottle of pleasant fruity white wine, put the world to rights, decrying the ineptitude of so many if our male colleagues and the iniquities of modern female life. After an hour or so, Sophie and Anna ducked out as expected and left Becky and I to our own company, I had had more than my fair share of the wine and was well up for a little dancing when she recommended a trendy pub near to her flat in Hoxton.

We took a cab the 15 minutes across town and when we were close, Becky suggested stopping at her place to leave our stuff. We climbed the bare concrete steps in the old Victorian warehouse conversion where she had her apartment and she quickly let us in to her rather untidy and somewhat neglected home. She was completely unconcerned as she kicked some discarded clothes from the hall and walked through into her bedroom, leaving me in the kitchen where the neat maple cupboards were largely ajar, displaying contents stuffed full of what looked like an eclectic mix of international ingredients plus easy cook foods. The smart granite worktops were scattered with discarded mugs and plates.

'Come through here a minute. ' She demanded after a little while. I followed through to the bedroom into which she had disappeared. It was in a similar state to the kitchen, nice wardrobes stuffed full of unusual garments mixed with jeans and casual tops. Becky was standing in the middle of the room in a very short, almost florescent electric blue dress made from a slightly shiny skin-tight fabric. 

I thought to myself that it was just as well that she had just come from the gym as it was intimately tight and exposed every slight bump or wrinkle on her torso, while covering practically nothing of her legs. She had also sported some tights that were not quite fishnet but were a subtle variation on the diamond net pattern with smaller diamond shapes encircling the larger ones. The neckline was not outrageous, as a collar around her neck held the top half in place. Although her shoulders were exposed, I noticed that the material cut away low under her arms, just hinting at the edges of her breasts. I could tell she was wearing no bra, not only from the very low back, but also from the slight bumps in the fabric where it pulled tight on her.

'What do you think? I got it recently in a local charity shop and have been looking for an occasion to wear it. ' She turned to look at me, the skirt spinning out sideways as she did so revealing even more or her legs.

'You look great. ' I replied honestly, although I was a little surprised she was going out dressed in such a racy look considering I was still in my work clothes. 'I quite fancy a fuck tonight.' She continued, 'it seems ages since I had a decent relationship, I just never seem to meet the right person.'

I though it was a little odd that she was rather ambiguous about whether she was looking for a girl specifically, especially since she had made a pass at me, but I had always been pretty clear that I was off limits and taken anyway.

'You need to get changed. ' She ordered definitively, and threw open the doors of her wardrobe. 'Let me see what I can find. It will have to be a bit too big for me cos you have much better boobs than me you lucky thing.' I was not exactly delighted to be included in the oversize department, but it was true that her breasts were probably a 32A whereas I had come down to a B cup since I had started eating properly again. She took out a short black dress with thin straps and relatively low neckline, it was taffeta and rather chic looking.

I took off my jacket and blouse hanging them on a spare hanger that was lying on the bed, and then considered whether I should try it with my bra on.

'You can't wear a bra with this.' Becky chimed in, reading my mind, 'The straps will look awful with these thin string straps on the dress.'

She was right but I hesitated about going out rather under dressed on my own. I guess I had always dressed that way for men rather than for myself. I put my hands behind my back, unclipped the bra and let it fall away from my breasts, Becky was waiting expectantly to see me in the dress and I found her attention a little too intense. It was odd to be trying on clothes borrowed from another woman, none of my old friends would have considered letting me wear their clothes, much less waited by me while I tried them on.

I undid my trousers and slid them to the floor before taking the dress and dropping it over my head. As you could have predicted, given that a slightly smaller girl owned it it was rather tight around the bust. A few months previously I wouldn't have fitted in it at all, whereas now I could get into it, albeit very snugly.

Becky could see my hesitation and gave it slight tug at the hem to make it slide a little further down me. This improved the comfort of the garment slightly, although the effect was largely to make the globes of my breasts emerge from the top rather more. 

'Wow you are so lucky, you have got great tits.' She exclaimed excitedly. 'I bet James loves that.' 

I was forced to admit that, along with the vast majority of the blokes in the world, he had expressed his appreciation of them although I was also thinking that in fact he was not there tonight and might be a little non-plussed to see me out dressed like this. A pair of sheer rights came flying across the room at me as Becky found a pair in her cupboard. I pulled up the dress, pleased that the skirt was very flared and allowed plenty of movement, as I was already feeling constrained by the tight top half. Fortunately I was wearing some nice sheer black lace knickers and was not too embarrassed to be seen in them as I pulled up the tights, I also reflected that with no hair underneath to see, see through knickers were in some ways less revealing as the giveaway black triangle of hair was no longer there to show that, yes you really were able to see my pussy. It was almost indistinguishable from wearing flesh tone knickers.

The tights fortunately were the same design all the way up to a tight band that I pulled up to my waist, the dress was very short and I hated it when I felt like people, guys that is, could see where the design finished and the plain black mesh started.

We descended back down the stairs and I was pleased that Becky had not been exaggerating when she said the bar was a few hundred metres from her flat, it was a warm evening and we had decided to leave our coats at her place, and so we attracted a wide variety of attention from the guys we passed on the way, some just an appreciative glance, but much of it more it a gorp.

The bar was warm and welcoming, the doorman took one look at us and ushered us straight through, much to the irritation of a group of slightly grungy looking teenagers that were trying to negotiate entry. The steady beat of the disco in the basement beckoned immediately as we walked in, although I fancied another drink and went to the bar to get us another bottle of wine. I found Becky down on the dance floor already moving sympathetically to the beat. 

We requisitioned a small corner of the dark but loud area, where there was a small table where we could keep the bottle and glasses to hand and yet return to the dancing whenever we want. It was still early in the evening and the vast majority of the dancers were women in small groups with a few boyfriends who had obviously been dragged along, but were looking rather self conscious. 

We lost ourselves in the beat for a few tracks, luxuriating in the rhythm, dancing facing one another oblivious of the others in room. When I was a little tired I went back to the table and had a quick breather. There was a brief lull in the music and I just heard the distinctive ring of my phone in my handbag, which was slung over my shoulder. I answered it quickly, surprised to get a signal in the basement.

'Hello, Clare. ' It was James. 'Bloody hell, where are you, what is that noise?'

'I am at a disco.' I admitted, unable to come up with an alternative convincing excuse for the racket.

'Listen, I am back in London just for the evening, do you want to meet up. I will be away for a couple more weeks and it would be nice to see you. ' Becky saw me on the phone at this time and slunk over towards me, mouthing a question of whom I was talking to. I mouthed back to her that it was James, running through in my mind what I could do having come out with her but still quite keen to see him.
