 *Everyone in this story is 18*

Chapter 1: Jenna Park 

She pulled the sexy brunette inside the mall bathroom. Quickly opening every stall to make sure that they were in fact alone, the two girls slid easily together in the stall furthest away from the door. 

"You're so sexy!" Jenna said before wrapping her arms around the girl's slim waist. 

"Oh yeah?" The brunette responded with a smile. "Show me how sexy!" She teased before pulling the asian beauty against her mouth. "Mhmmm!" She moaned into the kiss as her hands dropped and grabbed the ass that had been calling out to her in those tight little shorts all afternoon. 

"She tastes so good!" Jenna thought to herself as her tongue easily slid inside the other girl's mouth. "Oh Carrey!" She whispered against the brunette's mouth as her hands moved up and squeezed the brunette's bountiful chest through the tight black top she had worn for their shopping adventure. 

"You love my tits!" Carrey said with a wide grin. 

"I fucking do!" Jenna practically cried as she raised the top over the two mounds, revealing the bra beneath. 

"They'll be all yours in a minute." The brunette said as she unlatched the bra with one hand and freed her big tits. She bit her lip as she saw the desire burning in the eyes of the asian beauty the moment she saw them. Jenna always became a wild animal and moved her soft lips to the hard nipple closest to her. 

"Mhhhmmm!" She moaned as she tasted Carrey's flesh. Her free hand had moved underneath the brunette's skirt and was effectively probing the outside of the very wet panties with her fingers. 

"Oh god!" Carry moaned loudly. She and the asian girl had been hooking up for the past week. It was her first time ever with a girl and she had no idea it would be so much fun. As Jenna slid from one nipple to the other effortlessly, while moving her panties aside and sliding one of her fingers inside of her tight and unbelievably wet cunt, she couldn't help but wonder why she hadn't done this sooner. 

"Oh fuck Jenna! Fuck me!" She whispered into the pretty girl's ear. 

"You want me to eat you right here in this stall?" Jenna asked her with a mischievous glint in her eye. 

"Yes, Jenna, please! Please! I need your tongue!" Carrey begged shamelessly. 

"How can I deny you when you've asked so nicely?" Jenna replied to the stacked beauty before dropping to her knees, pulling the wet panties aside to reveal the beautiful fully shaved pussy in front of her. Jenna wanted to go slow, drag out the pleasure, but the moment she laid eyes on the pretty pussy, and the sweet scent emanating from it, she could not help herself. 

"OHHHH FUCK!" Carrey nearly shouted as she felt the asian girl's tongue slide in between her pussy lips. She lifted one of her legs onto the toilet, spreading her lips even more for Jenna. "Ah!" She shrieked as her hand dropped to the back of Jenna's head, pushing her deeper into her moist lips. 

"So good!" Jenna moaned, so damn horny. She loved the taste of Carrey's sweet pussy and at the moment it was driving her insane. She was glad that the brunette had opened herself up more for her and she rewarded her by sucking on her clit. Carrey's hand found the back of her head as her hand made its way round to grabbing her perky ass. 

"Jenna! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I'm so damn close! Fuck!" Carrey was gyrating her hips, pushing her clit harder against Jenna's talented tongue. Although it was her first time being with a girl, there was no doubt the Asian beauty was well versed in the art of pussy licking. The way she brought her to orgasm with such ease drove her mad and kept her coming back for more. "Oh wow!" She groaned feeling two of Jenna's fingers fucking her while her tongue spun around her clit with such grace. 

"Cum in my mouth Carrey!" Jenna begged. "Give me your god damn cum!" She said before returning her efforts to pleasing the sexy brunette. 

"Jenna! Jenna! Oh god, Jenna! FFFFUUUCCKKK! FUCK!" Carrey couldn't help herself as her pussy exploded. Jenna's eyes almost rolled into the back of her head as she tasted the sweet sweet juices from Carrey's wonderful body. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the succulent taste as the cream hit her tongue with reckless abandon, only fueling her very own arousal. 

Jenna was pulled to her feet by the brunette who couldn't wait another second before smashing her mouth against hers. The two high school seniors stood in the bathroom stall, their tongues running against one another's. 

"That was incredible!" Carrey announced with a wicked smile. "How do you know how to do that?" 

"Well, I can't tell you all my secrets just yet!" Jenna teased kissing her once more. "I get so horny eating your pussy." She admitted. 

"Jenna, I want to please you so badly. I...I ...I think I'm ready." She said with a shy smile. Although the two had been making out heavily every chance they had, Carrey had yet to have had her first taste of pussy. 

"Are you sure?" Jenna asked trying to hide her excitement. She had loved taking care of the brunette, but she was desperately in need of release. 

"Oh yes!" Carrey moaned before pulling Jenna in for a deep striking kiss. Her hands beginning to unbuckle the girl's small shorts. Jenna was so excited she was smiling into the kiss, loving the feel of the brunette's tongue, knowing where it would soon be. Carrey began to pull Jenna's shorts down her curvy hips and sexy legs when the sound of a phone pierced through the small stall, scaring both beauties. 

"Shit! It's my mom!" Carrey cursed answering. Jenna stood against the wall,, breathing heavily waiting for Carrey to be done. Although from the tone of voice, and the look Carrey was giving her, she knew far too well that disappointment would soon be coming her way.

"I'm so sorry!" Carrey finally told her after hanging up the phone. "My mom wants me back right away." 

"That's okay," Jenna said with a soft sigh escaping her beautiful lips. 

"Raincheck?" Carrey asked as she quickly pulled her clothes back on. 

"Sure," Jenna replied putting her shorts and panties back into place. "Bye!" She said to herself watching her sometime lover disappear out of the stall. She waited a few moments, contemplating masturbating in the stall where she had just hoped to finally get her pussy licked. Frustrated she decided against it and left the bathroom; realizing she would have a much more satisfying orgasm with one of her toys back home. 

She stepped out into the main mall area, taking in the sights of Baby Gaps & Foot Locker. This was the lesser of the malls of they had in their small town. It wasn't the cool hang out spot of many of the students that went to Jenna and Carrey's school, it had been the reason they had decided to hang there. 

Whilst Jenna's attraction for girls was public knowledge, Carrey still wasn't sure about all these new feelings she was going through. Jenna understood. It wasn't easy to face the reality of who you were, she thought sadly as she took a detour through the food court. Jenna looked at the few options she had to quell the sudden hunger that had stricken her. 

All thoughts of food escaped her mind when she caught sight of a beautiful blonde. Her mouth opened in surprise. Not only that she could have found such a beautiful girl in a place such as this, but that she knew her. What made things even more shocking, the beautiful blonde was working at one of the pretzels stands not far from where Jenna was standing. She couldn't look away as she served a customer, her glorious smile would be easily noticeable from the top of a space station. 

Jenna's heart caught in her throat as she saw the girl pack her things, signaling that she was done for the day. Jenna followed her towards the main exit. She did feel a little stalkery.. But she had to make sure it was her. At the main exit, the blonde turned and the two girls eyes met. The air was electric. Jenna took a step towards her. Before she could take another, the blonde had turned and fled. 

Jenna followed her but stopped when she realized she had stepped on something. She looked down and her heart almost melted at the sight of the bright pink wallet that the blonde had dropped. She no longer had any doubt who it belonged to. She looked at the ID inside before looking outside to see the girl climbing aboard a bus. She took a deep breath, before heading to her car, lost in thought and even further in memories. 

Chapter 2: Nathan Banks

Seeing the bus about to pull away from the curb, he quickened his steps in the hopes that the driver would have mercy upon him. He waved his free hand wildly as his black converses slapped against the concrete with each step. Relief flooded through his veins seeing the bus come to a stop as the driver's gaze met his. 

He jumped on the bus, prepared to thank the driver, but was unable to. In front of him, stood the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. She was a beautiful blonde with her hair up in a ponytail, Her eyes were a beautiful deep shade of blue that made him quiver with desire. Her neck was long and elegant. His gaze ventured lower as he took in her shapely body, covered only in a pair of shorts and an orange tank top to ward off the heat. Her legs were long, so long that he thought they would never end. 

"Please! I need to get home!" He heard her beg the driver. "I just lost my wallet, just help me out!" She continued with a noticeable strain in her voice. 

"Sorry Miss." The driver said not even paying attention to the beautiful girl. "You ride, you pay." 

"Dammit!" The pretty girl cursed as she turned to leave the bus. 

"It's okay! I'll pay for her." He heard himself saying without even thinking. 

"Are you sure?" The pretty girl asked him, incredibly elated at the news. 

"Yes of course. It's not a problem." He said doing his best to return her smile without embarrassing himself. After paying for both fares, he quickly made his way to the back of the bus. He was glad that he had been able to help out but didn't assume that it meant anything to a girl like her. She must always have guys tripping over themselves trying to please her. 

He sat down at one of the available window seats and pulled out one of the books he carried in his bag. He had only been able to read a word or two before looking up to try to catch another glimpse of her. With great disappointment, he returned his gaze to his book after failing to see her. 

"Excuse me?" He recognized her voice right away, he took his time lifting his eyes from his textbook to look at her. Those eyes once again struck him, only for a moment. She was leaning forward towards him, causing her tank top to slide forward a little, giving him an excellent view into her cleavage. 

"Yes?" He said looking back into her eyes, hoping she hadn't noticed. 

"Is it okay if I sit next to you?" She asked with the prettiest of smiles. The corners of her mouth perking up in the sexiest of ways. 

"Yes! Yes of course!" He said not believing his luck at being so close to such a gorgeous girl. He slid closer to the window as she took the seat next to him. Her thigh touched his and he felt a dip in his stomach. He looked down at her legs once more, and couldn't help but think about how soft they looked. 

"Thanks again." She said gratefully, pulling his attention away from her legs. "I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't helped." 

"Oh, it's really no trouble." He said doing his best not to trip over his words. 

"I'm Katie." She said holding his hand out to her. 

"I'm Nate." He answered shaking her soft hand. He reveled in the feeling of her hand in his. His much bigger black hand enveloped her tiny white one, and she smiled at his strength. 

"What are you reading?" She asked pointing at the thick novel in his other hand. 

"It's an engineering textbook." He told her as he showed her the front of the book. 

"I like the cover." She commented with a sly smile. 

"You an engineering major?"

"Yeah I am." He said feeling his nerves shaking.

"That sounds cool." She said while taking a look at him. He was in good shape, not an everyday gym goer, but definitely took good care of himself. He wore thick glasses, and his skin was black and smooth. He was nervous around her, a lot of guys were, but from him, it was almost sweet. 

Like most other guys, he was checking out her body, but she appreciated the fact that he tried not to be too creepy about it. "Do you like college?" She asked him feeling a little self-conscious. 

"Yeah, it's my first semester." He answered proudly. "You?" He asked with curiosity. 

"Oh, senior in high school. Turned 18 over the summer." She said with a smile, happy to get the conversation away from school. 

"Oh well, Happy Birthday," Nate said feeling quite giddy. It was rare for him to talk to girls, let alone to have it go so well. "I wish I had known, so I could have gotten you a present." He joked. 

"Oh trust me, you paying the fare was as good as any birthday present." She returned his smile feeling very comfortable with him. 

"I just did what anyone else would have done," Nate said modestly. 

"I'm not so sure." She replied trying to catch his gaze as he averted his eyes to look outside the window. She didn't know why, but she liked talking to him and didn't want for it to end there. She knew her stop was coming up and had to act quickly. 

Meanwhile, Nate was scratching his head for something else to say without coming off too desperate. Whenever he thought he had something, she would look at him and he would lose his train of thought. 

"My friends are throwing a party tonight." She finally said crushing the silence with her invitation. "I know it's last minute, but you should come." 

"Huh...a party?" He repeated. 

"Oh, yeah it's just a high school thing, I'm sure you have these wild parties in college and this probably wouldn't live up to that..." 

"Oh, it's not that.." He said trying to explain. 

"Oh, of course, I'm sure you have other plans." 

"It's not that.. It's that." He tried again but he noticed the furtive glances she gave outside of her window and figured that her stop was approaching. "Where is it?" He finally asked. 

"Oh great! You'll come! Give me your phone." He handed it to her and she quickly put in her number. "Text me, and I'll send you the address. See you later Nate." She said before leaving her seat and getting off the bus. 

She watched the bus pull away and saw Nate looking out of the window towards her. For some reason, the sight made her smile. Almost as though, he couldn't help but take one final look at her. She held onto that as she slowly made her way home. 

Nate was in his seat still stunned at what had just taken place. He looked down at his phone and reread her name and number time and time again, doing his best to memorize it in case something terrible happened. He clung to the sweet scent of her, in hopes that this moment would be encapsulated forever. 

Chapter 3: Start Now! 

"Mom, I'm home," Nate shouted walking through the door and putting his bag down. 

"Just in time. As always." His mother replied as she hugged and kissed him. "How was school today?" She asked her only son. 

"It was a great mom. Professor Kennedy loved my essay and wants to push me into the honors course." He declared proudly. 

"That's great news!" She replied, before allowing him to describe to her every detail of the conversation as she put the final touches on dinner. Her son had always been a great student.

He was smart, articulate and determined. He never gave her too much trouble, and always did more than his fair share. It was only the two of them after all, she thought sadly. 

"This is going to put me right on course Ma!" He promised as he finished setting the table for them. 

"I never had any doubt." She told him putting the food down. "How is everything else going?" She pried. "Meet any new people?" As great of a student and son, as he was, she always worried about his lack of friends. He didn't party often, and always took himself seriously. As though he was already the man of the house. She admired this quality in him, but she also desperately wanted to see him have fun and let loose while he was still young. 

Nate quickly recognized the look in his mother's eyes. He had seen it often during his time in high school. It was a constant during weekends while his peers were out partying and getting drunk, he was home, his nose in a book or doing whatever he could to help his mother out around the house. 

"I was actually invited to a party tonight." He told her. 

"Really? Nate that's fantastic." She said happy to hear that her son was finally getting out there. 

"Yeah, I'm not sure that I'll go." He added, remembering he had yet to commit to the idea of going. 

"And why not?" His mother asked with a stern gaze. 

"Well, I don't know many people there, and I have a ton of work to do if I want to keep impressing." 

"Nate." His mother said in that tone she used when she was about to give advice. "You've worked like hell in high school and you're working like hell in college. But there's more to life than that. You need to go out there and experience things, meet people. You've earned it." 

"Ma." Nate began but was interrupted by his mother's look. 

"At some point, you need to learn to live. Start now." Those words stayed with Nate for the rest of the meal. 

Chapter 4: Katie Weyland

Katie walked slowly. Things at home weren't stellar and it was the last place she wanted to be. She wanted to just head to Mona's house for the party but knew her mom would crucify her if she did. She wrapped her arms around herself as she entered the house. A chill went through her as she was faced with just how dark everything was. 

"Katie! Is that you?" She heard from the living room. 

"Yea." She said standing behind his lazy boy chair. He turned to look at her and her growled in disgust at the sight of her. 

"Where were you dressed like that?" He nearly spat her way. 

"I was out at the mall." She half lied. 

"Spending my money, just like your mom." He gave her another dirty look. 

"What money?" She muttered under her breath. 

"What was that?" He said. 

"Nothing. Do you want another beer?" She asked trying to deflect the conversation. She watched as he gulped down the last bit of the one he had in hand and nodded her way. She went into the kitchen and handed it to him, only to be met again with his nastiness. "Is there anything to eat?" 

"Your mom will bring dinner when she gets home." He said sliding back down into his chair. 

"Great!" Katie thought to herself as she headed to her bedroom. "Leftovers from the diner again." She loved her room. It was the only place in the house that was still left untouched. It still reminded her of better times. She knew Todd, her mother's new boyfriend, had tried to sell some of her things, like the jewelry her grandmother had left for her, but her mom did her best to keep him away. She lay in bed, incredibly tired. She thought about taking a nap when her phone rang. 

"Hello!" She answered the phone groggily. 

"Kate! Where were you all afternoon?" It was her friend Mona. They had been close since High School had begun. Katie liked Mona, she really did. Well, most of the time. Mona could be stuck up and materialistic at times. But she had always had her back and for that, she could be forgiven for her flaws. 

"Oh, I was shopping for something to wear for tonight." She hated lying to Mona. 

"Without me?!" Mona shrieked almost bursting her eardrum. 

"I thought about calling you, but thought you would have a lot to set up for tonight." She lied quickly on her feet. 

"Ah, gotcha! When did you get so thoughtful?" Mona asked with a smile in her voice. "Anyways, I was out getting drinks for tonight when I ran into Patrick. He was really excited about tonight." 
