 In which Tony returns to his biker rally motel room after a hot threesome with Karen and Cole.

"Sooooo, how did it go," Donna asked with a smirk and more than a tinge of sarcasm in her voice. 

Donna and I were sharing as room for financial reasons. Although there has been plenty of sexual tension, flirting, and innuendo between us for the past few years we've never followed through on anything. Physically, Donna is completely my type - 5'3", about 110 pounds, and a gorgeous set of 32B's. Her ash blonde hair was natural and perfectly complimented her cornflower eyes. But Donna was way more casual about sex than I am. Not that I'm a prude, but Donna's number has to rival Magic Johnson's. Besides, she's hooking up with another friend and fellow biker - behind his wife's back.

Donna had expected Nate to attend the rally solo but at the last minute he told her his wife was coming along. We had already planned for Donna to ride my pillion down since she and Nate weren't ready to go public, but she expected to stay in Nate's room while pretending to share mine. By way of conciliation, Nate assured her his wife was an early to bed type and they'd have plenty of opportunity to fool around. Whether she suspected about Donna or just got into the rally scene that proved false. Nate's wife was partying with the best of the crowd and staying up as late as Nate every night.

Still, I was surprised to find Donna in our room. After all, it was only about 2 am - shank of the evening for a gal like her. "Well, let me see. One incredible blowjob, the most sensual cowgirl I've ever experienced, and my first double penetration, with me using the back door. Karen may need a pillow when she hops onto Cole's pillion tomorrow," I smiled.

"You fucking horndog! Way to go!!" Donna jumped up and rushed over to give me a hug that smashed her pert little tits into my chest. When she did I couldn't help but notice her t-shirt rise up to expose her cute ass which appeared to be going commando at the moment. Either that or she was wearing the world's skimpiest thong but as I didn't see any waistband at all I was voting, and hoping, for commando.

"Thanks, I totally respect you as well. But tell me, what the hell are you doing here in the room? I'm guessing Nate's wife is still standing guard over him, but I've never known you to miss out on a party. Half the club members at the pool are skinny dipping and the other half would join in if they weren't too drunk to risk getting into the water."

"Yeah, I know," she replied. "I was down there for a while after the bar closed at 1 but I just got pissed off seeing him with her. Bastard. There are only a few single guys here and most of them are jerks. Flirting with married guys is fun but I don't need the drama of some biker bitch coming after me for messing with her old man. Shit, most of the bitches here are bigger than you! They'd cream me, and not the way I like being creamed."

I laughed but had to agree. Donna just might be maturing a bit, finally. "I get that but it still doesn't explain you being alone this early."

"Okay fine, asshole! I was playing with myself until I heard your key in the door. Satisfied now? I'm sure as hell not - your timing sucks!"

This time I really laughed. It was obvious she was serious and my guess is that she was pretty close when my unexpected return caused an unwanted masturbatus interruptus. "So who's stopping you? Go ahead and finish. I'll watch...I mean wait."

"You think I won't?" Donna had returned to her bed and was lying on top of the covers with her back against the headboard cushioned by a couple of pillows.

"Donna, how well do we know one another? Of course I think you will, but I'm also not a jerk. I'll go take a walk around the motel, maybe check out the action at the pool for a bit. How long do you need - I'm guessing you were pretty close but things may have, ummm, cooled down. Need to start over?"

It was Donna's turn to laugh now. "Shit, I was edging for about five minutes before you came in. I wanted to keep it going as long as possible and then have a massive orgasm. I even thought about filming it with my phone and sending it to Nate afterwards."

"Okay, I'll be back in fifteen - will that work?"

"That's stupid. You've seen me naked, we talk about sex all the time, and I practically gave you a handjob at dinner." As she spoke she leaned forward and pulled her t-shirt up over her head, treating me to a full view of her completely naked body. Damn how I lusted after that body. Three kids and even now at 40 she looked like a college coed. No sign of a stretchmark, not a bit of sag in her breasts, not an ounce of cellulite anywhere. For probably the hundredth time I wondered how she did it. Must be in the genes since her only known form of exercise (beside sex) was the 12 ounce Miller Lite curl which also comprised the bulk of her diet.

Donna laid back, scootching down further but leaving her head propped by the pillows so she could see me. "Move that desk chair over by the foot of my bed and have a seat." Spreading her legs, Donna bent her knees up, giving me a clear view of her sweet pussy.

Donna did like to keep her nether region almost completely waxed. She insisted on a tiny tuft of hair about an inch above her slit. This was her way of proving she was a natural blonde although she was known to dye it green for St. Patrick's Day or red for Christmas. Tonight I could barely see it in the low light of the room so I guessed it was natural.

Slowly Donna began sliding her hands up and down along the joint between leg and pelvis. Whether intentionally or not, she was replicating the groping she and Karen had given me at dinner. One difference now was the way she paused at the bottom of the downstroke and used her thumbs to rub her hood area. It didn't take long for her clit to make its appearance, swelling and peeking out of her hood almost like an uncut man's penis head does when he hardens.

With the little man in the boat awake and active she shifted tactics. Now, as her hands reached the bottom of their journey she bent her forefingers in and, as she slid her hands upwards let their fingertips slip between her moist lips.

I was entranced. Donna wasn't just masturbating; she was making love to herself with her hands. For the most part, her head lolled back and her eyes were nearly closed. But every so often she would open her lids and look at me. She must have understood my expression of lust, longing, admiration, and pure enjoyment because she graced me with one of her rare but totally honest "I'm glad you like" smiles. 

Her hips started bucking and I could tell she was getting close. She stopped stroking and slid three fingers of her left hand into her pussy. The first two fingers of her right hand rubbing faster and faster across her clit. She pulled her knees up further and placed her feet flat on the surface of the bed. This gave her the leverage she needed to raise her ass completely up off the bed, affording me an all-access view to her puckered pink back door

I didn't even realize I had been stroking my cock through my jeans. When I did recognize it my first reaction was one of amazement. After the action in Karen and Cole's room I hadn't expected a refractory period of less than overnight, yet here I was completely hard and raring to go again.

Donna had noticed and her smile made it clear she was thrilled to have that power over me. Keeping her butt up off the bed she moved in for the self-kill. Switching hands, her left took over clit duty while the right moved down to her pussy. This time, however, she inserted only two fingers there. She made sure the third was well oiled with her juices and then slid it into her butt, doubly penetrating herself. That was all it took. With a few thrusts and a long moan Donna brought herself off.

As the waves of her orgasm (orgasms?) began to fade, she finally let her gluts and thigh muscles relax and lowered her butt onto the mattress as she extracted her fingers from both openings. She lay back, breathing deeply but left her legs spread showing me her pussy glistening with her cum.

Despite all the teasing and flirting there had never been anything actually sexual between us prior to the last ten or fifteen minutes. I had no reason to believe Donna intended for things to proceed but couldn't deny that her self-gratification display had broken down another barrier. I knew she liked guys who took control and hoped that, along with her aroused state, would at the very least forgive me for what I had to do next.

Still fully dressed, I rose from the chair and took the two short steps to the foot of her bed. Donna must have sensed me looking down on her as her eyes opened and a smile graced her face. She made no attempt to move or conceal herself although that would have been silly at this point. I saw her lips begin to spread as she started to say something so I interrupted before she could get a word out. "Don't say a thing. Just lay back and relax."

I knelt down between her legs and moved my face up to her pussy. A sharp intake of her breath caused me to fear she was about to stop me but instead I saw her move her hands from her pubes and lay them on the bed on either side of herself. I took this as assent and lowered my nose to her wet, swollen pussy to inhale her fragrance.

Donna smelled every bit as delicious as I had imagined in the many cock pulling fantasies in which she had featured. I briefly wondered how much of her aroma was pussy juices and how much came from the cum that still dripped slowly from between her lips. Right then I decided that I would need a return visit to this resort in her pre-orgasmic state in order to decide.

For now, the question was moot.

I placed the tip of my nose between her lips and moved it up. Just as my nose found her clit I reached my tongue out and licked her pussy softly. Donna moaned loudly and her hands gripped the sides of my head. "Yes, yes, yes! Eat me! Gently please!"

I was happy to oblige. Using just the tip of my tongue I began a roundtrip circuit of her incredible pussy. Starting at the very bottom of her slit I licked my way up her left side. For the first few trips I intentionally bypassed her clit as I moved over to lick slowly down the right side. Reaching bottom I inserted my tongue into her and licked straight up the middle then back down where I started the circuit again.

Donna was moaning, begging, and twisting her pussy in every direction so I decided she was asking for more. On the next trip up I stopped at her clit. For a few moments I merely breathed heavily on it until she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me into her. I took her engorged clit softly between my lips and began spelling her name out, letter by letter, across it.

I'm reasonably certain Donna wasn't reading my tongue-writing but it was having the desired effect. I moved back down, reaching my tongue as deep inside her as I could to seek out her wetness. When I reached the bottom I slipped my arms under her thighs and lifted them back, exposing her ass and rosebud to me.

When I started licking the area some call the "taint" (taint pussy nor ass but right between) I sensed her uncertainty as to my motives. Would I stop there or keep moving back? We'd never discussed any details about anal activity other than admitting we both enjoyed anal fucking. Rimming had never come up in our conversations so Donna had no way of knowing I was happy to satisfy my partner that way if they so enjoyed.

She figured it out quickly as I raised her higher and stabbed her opening with the tip of my tongue. This elicited another rapid intake of breathe followed by an "Ohhh!" I then slowed down and sent my tongue on another circular route tracing her puckered circumference. Reassured now that I would be giving every area the attention it craved, Donna laid back and enjoyed my ministrations until she could take no more.

I suddenly felt my head being pulled up at the same time she pushed her butt down onto the bed. I dove into her pussy which had clearly recovered from its post-orgasmic tenderness. I guessed - correctly as it turned out - that Donna wanted a thorough facefucking of her pussy and I did my best to accommodate her. I stiffened my tongue and used it to fuck her as fast and deep as it would move. I licked her inner lips, took her outer lips between my teeth and nibbled gently, and attacked her clit as I had earlier, using lips and tongues.

I felt and heard Donna approaching her next climax and stopped. She whimpered - a sound I would have previously sworn Donna was completely incapable of - then begged me "Please!?" I redoubled my effort and in no time felt her reaching the point of no return. I slipped my hands beneath her adorable butt cheeks and lifted her just enough to give my full access. Then I slid my tongue in and was rewarded with an orgasm that rolled out from somewhere deep inside her and spread through her entire body leaving trembling and shaking in its wake.

Donna had again grabbed my head and pulled me so tightly into her pussy that I honestly feared suffocation. I managed to reposition just enough for my nose to inhale as I lapped up and swallowed as much of her cum as I could manage. When she finally loosened her grip, I eased back to enjoy the view and saw the moisture on her inner thighs and the trail of cum dripping down to her butt crack. I licked her thighs clean then rolled her over and did the same on the reverse side. Donna simply sighed with contentment.

I got up from the bed with the intention of getting a washcloth from the bathroom and cleaning her from my neatly trimmed beard and mustache but Donna guessed my intentions and grabbed my arm. "No chance, mister," she said as she pulled me down to sit next to her on the bed. Lifting herself up to a kneeling position she put her arms behind my neck and leaned in for a kiss that rocked my world. Breaking it off, she began sucking her cum and juices from my facial hair and licking the few exposed areas of skin that had just recently been bathed in her essence.

"I love the taste of pussy and I like mine the best! Never, ever, ever let it go to waste! And by the way - just what the hell was that about?"

"Just figured you weren't fully satisfied after your little handplay action so I figured I'd help a friend out," I replied grinning.

"Uh huh. Nothing in it for you, huh?" Donna smirked. "Look that was great - thank you. Who knows, maybe one of these days? Right now, I need to pee and get some sleep." Donna headed to the bathroom where I heard the tinkle of her relieving herself followed by the flushing of the toilet. A few minutes later she came out and grabbed her t-shirt to put it back on. She looked over at me with a "what's the point?" grin, tossed the shirt onto the dresser, and slipped under the covers of her bed completely nude.  

I stripped down completely as well as that's my preferred sleeping attire. I'd worn my boxer briefs last night but figured tonight's interaction warranted a bit more freedom. Sliding under the sheets I tucked the pillow under my head and began the arduous task of trying to fall asleep knowing there was a gorgeous, sexual creature lying naked just a couple of feet away.

The alarm woke us both at seven thirty. We had signed up for a ride along the Indian River that left the motel at nine and we both wanted breakfast. I had a partial case of morning wood so while I wasn't fully erect my cock was fuller than when at complete rest. Donna made no secret of checking me out as I rose from the bed and walked to the chair that held my clothes. 

"Hmmm, nice sight to wake up to," she purred. Donna was pretty much insatiable and if it weren't for Nate I had little doubt she would have availed herself of my cock. I was equally certain it would have no more meaning to her than the breakfast we were about to share.

At the motel bar/restaurant we spotted Cole and Karen sharing a table with a couple of other members of our chapter. They both gave me huge grins and Karen winked an additional "Thank you!" as Donna and I filled our plates at the buffet. After we all finished we headed to the parking lot to wipe the dew off our bikes and form up for the ride. Cole and Karen rode just ahead of Donna and I. 

The day was fun with a great cruise along the river. The scenery was fantastic, most of the large waterfront homes were fabulous, and the onshore ocean breeze kept things cool despite our relaxed pace. After a couple of hours we turned inland and rode on to a biker bar for lunch. 

By late afternoon the skies were threatening a typical Florida summer thunderstorm so most of us hopped onto our bikes and headed back to rally central. Donna and I went up to our room and, ever the gentleman, I gave her first shot at the shower. Fifteen minutes later she came out, totally naked, rubbing her wet hair with a towel. Apparently we'd reached a new level of comfort with one another as I saw no sign whatsoever that she was trying to tease or start anything. She'd just decided that I'd seen enough of her that false modesty made little sense. 

I couldn't resist slapping her firm little butt cheek as I walked past her to the shower. My time under the water consisted of about three minutes lathering up and rinsing and ten whacking off. I'd have given anything to grab Donna, toss her onto the bed, and screw the daylights out of her but I was pretty certain she didn't want that. Oh well, such is my pitiful life.

Since the rain continued falling we opted for the motel bar for dinner. Their breakfast buffet was great but by this time of the day they were more focused on setting up the bar for another night of drinking. The menu was pretty much limited to burgers, wings, and chili. I had a burger, medium, with sautéed mushrooms and Swiss cheese. Donna went for the hot wings. 

Midway through the meal Karen and Cole joined us. Never one to shy away from anything Donna was quick to look at Karen and say "Sounds like you had quite a time last night!"

"Oh my god," Karen replied, "it was unbelievable! These two guys drilled me every way but loose. On second thought, some parts are a bit looser today than they were yesterday." The grin on Karen's face told the story better than any words she would speak. "I haven't stopped thanking Cole yet! He is such a sweetheart to let me do this."

"Planning an encore tonight?" Donna stirred the waters.

"Well, not really. To be honest the ride today was a bit uncomfortable and we all head home first thing in the morning. There is one more thing we'd like to try but I think I'll wait a while before asking Tony if he's up for it." The sudden reticence was a bit of a surprise but I was happy to wait as I wasn't sure I was interested in doing anything more. Fortunately, for once Donna decided not to instigate and the topic changed to today's ride and tomorrow's plans to return home.

Nate showed up alone and joined a couple of folks standing at the bar. Donna didn't waste a second jumping up and mingling with the same crowd. I could tell from the looks exchanged between the two of them that Nate expected his wife to show up any minute and Donna was yet again pissed at the missed opportunity. She immediately went into vixen mode and started flirting with everyone in sight, much to Nate's annoyance.

"Tony, would you do us a favor and come up to our room for a few minutes? We'd really like to ask you something but this isn't the place," Karen said.

Still uncertain my curiosity got the best of me and I said, "Okay, I guess I can spare a few minutes." Cole ordered another round of drinks to go and settled up with the waitress. As soon as that was taken care of we headed off to their room.

Karen and Cole sat side by side on the end of the bed, holding hands. It was easy to see that these two had been in love since high school and still thought each other were the best thing in the world. My rueful smile came from the doubt I'd ever find someone to feel that way about. "So, what's on your mind?" I asked.
