 Author's Note: This is meant to be built as a series of adventures, and I will publish more depending on the feedback. They are intended as standalone chapters, but some things will carry on through all of the series.

*******

My wife and I had been married for three years when she met me at the door after a long day at work and told me we needed to sit down and talk.

"What's up?" I asked.

My wife, always the more forward of the two of us, stated simply "I'm bored. Bored being up here in New York, bored with you being gone on training exercises, working 14 or 15 hour days. I miss all our friends from college, and the fun we used to have before we got married."

"Kat, hon, when we decided I'd enlist in the Army, you were the one who told me that we'd end up having to leave everyone, and you thought it was the best for us. What exactly is it you are thinking?"

"Dave, you know I love you, you are my world now, but I miss the freedom we had when we were dating. God we had some times. We never cared where we slept, or with whom. I miss the variety of everything."

I couldn't help but think back on all the times my wife and I had...

My wife and I met at a nightclub while I was in college 5 years before this. She had just turned 18, and had actually run away from home due to her abusive father. She had just moved in with friends in my college town, where her father had been stationed two years before, who she knew when she was a sophomore in high school.

On her first night back, her and her friends went out to the club I frequented. At that time, I was a college junior, and had gotten to know a group of people who were quite open about their own sexuality. Several of the guys were gay or bisexual, and the girls were all quite open about the fact that from time to time they liked each other almost as much as they liked the guys. It was not uncommon for us to end a night out clubbing and going our separate ways, with whomever wanted to tag along. Quite literally, with this group of friends, it was common to go home with someone different each time you went out.

I ran into Tish a few minutes after getting into the club. We were really the first of our group to get there, and Tish met me with a deep kiss as I got to her table. After a warm welcome, she turned around and introduced me to Kat.

Tish was a beautiful girl, 19 at the time, about five foot two, and was probably one of the wilder girls in our circle of friends. She had a fake id, so she was able to drink, and already had a couple of drinks on the table in front of her. We had spent several nights together in the past, and each night always left us both worn out and sore for a couple of days after.

"Kat," Tish said, "this is Dave, he's probably the third best lay in this town."

"The third best?" I replied, "I'm not even going to ask who numbers 1 and 2 are."

Kat looked at me as I looked her over. Kat wasn't a skinny girl, not what you'd call fat, but she had a heavier frame. She looked like she could handle herself in a fight though. Her clothes hid a lot, but I could tell she had smallish breasts and hips you could hold onto. She had dirty blonde hair, about shoulder length, and the look of someone already bored with things.

"It's nice to meet you," I said, offering her my hand.

As the evening progressed, more and more of our friends showed up, came by, talked, messed around a bit, and left. By the end of the night, it was myself, Tish, and Kat left to close down the bar. At closing time, I asked them what they were wanting to do.

"You know of any afterparties?" Tish asked.

"Not really, it seems everyone's going home tonight. I do have beer and I think a bottle of vodka at my place, and you know you're always welcome to come by anytime."

Tish looked at Kat, and they seemed to come to a decision. "Sure, let's go. Kat's sober and we need to celebrate her getting here."

So off we went, to my apartment. Typical of college apartments, I did have a roommate, but as luck would have it, my roommate was gone for the weekend, off visiting her boyfriend back home. When we got there, I went to the kitchen to mix a few screwdrivers, adding way more vodka than would taste good. I came out to find them sitting on the sofa talking and choosing some music.

I passed out the drinks, and we sat and talked for a while. Eventually they both started to feel the alcohol, and both started yawning. I offered them my bed and told them I'd sleep out on the sofa tonight so they would have room.

Tish and Kat both got up and went to my room, while I made myself comfy on the sofa. Soon I was asleep.

The next thing I know, Tish was standing over me, shaking my shoulder. I opened my eyes to see Tish standing over me, topless. Her B cup breasts swaying lightly, her nipples hard, and her chest heaving a bit. Tish wordlessly grabbed my arm, pulling on me towards the bedroom.

I stood up, and asked her what was up. On the way there, she told me that she needed me in the bedroom.

She dragged me into the bedroom (well, not dragged, at this point I was pretty willing to go), and there was Kat laying on my bed, topless herself. Her B cup breasts on display, her hand down her pants massaging herself.

"Kat says she hasn't had a good fucking since her and her boyfriend broke up a couple of months ago, and she wants a guy in here. It seems I'm not good enough for her." I swear Tish was pouting when she said that.

I went over to the bed and sat down beside it. In typical college fashion, I had forgone the bed rails, and everything else that wasn't a box spring or mattress when setting up my room, so my head was about level with hers.

Tish climbed into bed on the other side of Kat, and began playing with her nipples in front of me. Kat looked at me, then looked at Tish, and leaned in to kiss Tish hard on the lips. I sat there and watched them kiss, and Tish reached over to grab my hand. She dragged my hand over to Kat's breast, and I gently began to play with her nipple. Tish kept kissing Kat while Kat continued to massage herself inside of her jeans.

Kat let her free hand roam up to find mine, and held my hand on her breast, then turned to me and leaned over the edge of the bed to kiss me for the first time. That kiss was electric. Her tongue snaked in between my lips, and our tongues fought for a couple of minutes. After what seemed like a few minutes of kissing, she broke the kiss to turn back to Tish.

"Dang he is a good kisser."

Tish replied, "Wait, he's more than that."

Kat then moved down on the bed as Tish leaned over her, their breast pushed together on either side of my hand, as she moved to kiss me. Tish was a strong kisser, passionate and wild at the same time. While we kissed I felt Kat move further down the bed, and Tish moaned into my mouth as Kat started sucking on her breast. I felt Tish shift a bit, and when we broke our kiss, I saw that Tish now had her hand inside of Kat's jeans and was rubbing Kat. Kat had brought both of her hands up to hold Tish's breast to her mouth. As I watched, Kat squeezed her thighs together around Tish's hand, her face screwed up in what looked to be pain.

When Kat relaxed, Tish sat up suddenly, and reached out to grab my shirt, pulling me up onto the bed. I was laid across Kat and my mouth right in front of Tish's breasts. I did the natural thing and latched onto an already wet nipple and playfully bit it. I felt other hands pulling my shirt up, and I leaned back to let the girls take it off me. As soon as it was off, Kat leaned up and bit my nipple, and began sucking on it. Tish took that time to pull her pants off, standing on the bed to wiggle her butt in my face. Her green thong disappearing in between her butt cheeks, she pressed her butt into my face as I let my tongue slip out and licked her pussy through her thong.

Not to be outdone, Kat wiggled out from under me, and slipped off the bed. I heard rustling as Tish continued to push back into my face, before Kat was back behind me, trying to reach around a undo my pants. When she got them opened up, I moved back to stand up and let them fall to the ground. Kat's hand snuck into my underwear and began grabbing my dick while I reached up to pull Tish's thong down. As I pulled it down, I bent her over again, and began eating her again, slipping my tongue into her, then pulling it out to slip forward to her clit.

Kat had crawled under Tish, and began slowly sucking on my dick as I ate her friend from behind. Kat was tentative at first, beginning slowly, licking me all over, before she tried all at once to take me all the way down her throat. I reached up to begin rubbing Tish's clit with my fingers as I concentrated on sliding my tongue into her pussy, getting my face all covered in her juices. Very soon Tish began moaning loudly, as she began to cum. She leaned forward, putting her hands on the walls as I licked her through her orgasm.

When Tish calmed down a bit, she moved away from me, and pushed me down onto the bed. Kat tried to keep me in her mouth as I fell, but I ended up laying on the bed with both of them leaning over me. 

"I get his mouth," Tish told Kat, as she reached down to pull Kat up by her breasts.

"Fine by me," said Kat as she moved herself over my hips. "I need something in me."

Kat began settling herself down onto me, 

reaching down to guide my penis into her. She slowly lowered herself down on me, as Tish turned to face her and began settling on my face. As Tish was settling down, I reached over to grab Kat's nipple and to pinch it. Tish slapped my hand away, and leaned forward to suck on Kat's nipple. I began licking Tish from underneath as Kat began grinding herself on me. I felt someone's fingers down there, rubbing Kat's clit while she rode me, and I reached up to play with Tish's hard nipples. Rubbing them and pulling on them as she moved her hips back and forth over my mouth.

We went like this for a few minutes, when I felt Kat tighten up around me. She began moaning a bit, as she came all over me. This set me off, and I began to cum inside Kat. I must have groaned loudly, as this seemed to set Tish off as she came on my mouth again, shaking wildly as she did.

Both of the girls rolled off of me as we laid there and lit cigarettes. It was 430 in the morning by this time, and we all chatted as we smoked, eventually passing out together on the bed.

*****

As I sat there remembering this, my wife looked at me and asked me if I had ever heard of swinging...