 "Have you guys seen Ms. Evans?"

"Yeah, she looks even hotter. I mean, man, she was hot before, but NOW ... FUCK, what a MILF!"

Another student ran up to join his two friends. "What are you guys talking about?" The Cindy-haired youth wanted to know.

"Ms. Evans."

"Oh yeah, although I heard she's divorced now and she's gone back to being Ms. Silvers."

"Christ, what idiot would divorce someone that looks like THAT?"

"Maybe her ex is gay."

"He'd have to be." The three youths laughed, not aware that Victoria Silvers had been walking to her next class and had heard every word. She was highly flattered and felt good about herself. Always an attractive woman, she was feeling even more so in the last 6 months. Her divorce, which at first had made her feel worthless and unloved, had turned out to be liberating. No more bullshit from Eric, his cheating, useless dick was gone and all the bullshit had gone with it.

Part of her new outlook was due to her former teaching assistant, pretty blonde Cindy. Cindy had been there when Victoria received the papers and instead of letting Victoria wallow in self-pity, doubt and regret, Cindy had taken an entirely different approach.

Cindy taught Victoria that she had lots of options. The slender, kinky, adventurous blonde seduced her mentor. Cindy taught Victoria the pleasures that could be derived from another woman's body, how her own body could also give pleasure. Over the next several months, Cindy taught her teacher how to let out her inner slut and Victoria would be forever grateful.

She also imparted several more life lessons which the older woman was going to use for a long, long time to come. Cindy taught Victoria to be more aggressive. She told Victoria that she should just take what she wanted and how to about getting it. At the last meeting of the School Trustees, Victoria had told them she needed more money for her Pop Culture class. Dressed in a snug, pin-striped black business suit that had a very short skirt and a very low-cut blouse underneath, she wasn't denied so much as a nickel. She didn't have to do anything more than lower her voice and octave and offer just the barest hint of sex and she had them all eating out of her hand, including a few of the women. It was just as Cindy had told her "There's always at least one or two in the crowd Doc, you just don't know it."

Sadly, Cindy had now graduated and wouldn't be there as a constant playmate. She and Victoria got together frequently, but their near-daily dalliances had come to an end. That simply would not do. Now that Victoria had discovered her own sexuality the fact remained that she was a slut and needed to be fed. Although she knew her general preference was for women, this term she decided why bother to make a choice? She wanted pussy and cock. Victoria determined it might be easier if she found a cute young couple to act as her toys and proceeded to look for them.

Being a sexy woman on the prowl, it didn't take her long to find them. A young couple was seated in the front row of her class the first week, she found them very appealing. From the way they chatted together and the furtive little glances they shot each other, it was obvious they hadn't been a couple for too long.

The young woman's name was Casey Lee and she was lovely, a slender brunette with nice, long legs and an easy smile. She laughed a lot and you could see the mirth in her brown eyes. Under her snug sweaters, Victoria could tell the girl had a nice set of tits.

Her companion's name was Paul Benton and if a man could be described as beautiful, then Paul was beautiful. He was very fair and had the palest blue eyes Victoria had ever seen. He had lovely, high cheekbones and a gorgeous profile, a cleft chin and a very nice build. Paul dressed nicely; right out of GQ magazine. Victoria had yet to see him in jeans. He seemed very attentive to Casey and had the most beautiful old school manners, he carried her books, opened doors to her and seemed devoted to his girlfriend. Victoria sensed these two were a couple that would likely marry someday, so why not let them have some fun in the meanwhile?

Victoria carefully plotted her seduction. She assumed the pair might be susceptible to flattery, so she plotted her course, with a bit of input from Cindy. She "thanked" her friend for 4 hours that evening.

A few days later on a lazy Friday, Victoria set her plan in motion. She approached the young couple as they were leaving class.

"I wanted to compliment you both on your hard work and the excellent questions you always have and such insights," Victoria flattered them. "It's a pleasure to have such motivated students in my classroom."

"Thank you, Dr. Silvers," Casey smiled as she spoke in a soft, melodic voice. "I find popular culture fascinating and you teach it so well, you make it come alive. It's my favorite course this semester."

"I'm flattered, thank you Casey. What about you Paul? Are you enjoying the class?" Victoria asked.

"Oh yes, very much. My family's made money from culture, my father owns a Publishing House and a few television stations, my older brother works in the comic book field, my mother is an accomplished author. Popular culture has always been prevalent in our home," Paul smiled. His teeth were as white as Victoria had thought they'd be.

"Do you two have any plans for the evening?" Victoria asked, hoping she'd get the response she wanted.

"No, not really," Casey smiled. Her teeth were as perfect as her boyfriend's.

"Then, would you like to join me for a small meal at my favorite Italian eatery?" Victoria asked again. "Nothing fancy, we can all laugh and talk a bit more."

"Doesn't the University frown on students and faculty socializing?" Paul asked.

"I really don't give a fuck what the University likes, I make my own rules," Victoria told them. She noticed her blatant use of the word "fuck" had surprised both of them. She smiled inwardly, knowing if she had her way, they'd be hearing it a lot more in a few hours.

"I'm famished honey, I could sure use a nice meal," Casey said, snuggling up to her boyfriend. It was apparent to Victoria that Casey had this handsome young man wrapped around her little finger.

Dinner was lovely, pasta and salad, good coffee and even Tiramisu for dessert. They all laughed and talked about culture, the media and other matters. Slowly, Victoria managed to divert the topic over to sex.

"Do you think there's too much sex in the media today?" Victoria asked both of them, curious as to see what their responses would be.

"No, not really," Paul replied after a few minutes. "I think it's a reflection of our own society, we're becoming freer with our sexuality and how we approach things."

"I actually don't think there's enough, they're not pushing the boundaries," Casey said. "You still don't see Gay or Lesbian couples in advertising; they're barely scratching the surface in film and television. There's a large segment of the population they're ignoring, the Gay, Lesbian and bi-sexual community."

Victoria smiled. "So, seeing an ad with a Gay or Lesbian couple wouldn't offend you?"

Casey smiled back. "No, and depending on the product, it might be bold, daring or even ... sexy." Casey put down the coffee mug and leaned close to Victoria, her brown eyes nearly hypnotic. "I find it very sensual and erotic to see two women kissing."

Victoria was right on schedule. She turned to Paul. "What about you Paul?"

"I agree with her. If we're being honest, two men together look a bit ... awkward to me. But two women together, it's very sensual and aesthetically appealing."

"So, if your girlfriend were to, say, kiss another woman, you wouldn't be jealous or try to stop her?"

"You don't stop Casey, she does what she wants," Paul laughed. He took the last bite of his Tiramisu and smiled at his girlfriend.

"Is that true?" Victoria asked, not wanting to tip her hand too fast. Casey nodded. "Have you ever kissed another woman or, for that matter, had sex with another woman?"

If Victoria expected the chestnut-haired beauty to be embarrassed, she was sadly mistaken. "Kissed yes, sex no. It's on my `to do' list, though."

Victoria took the girl's hand. "Would you be interested in taking it off your list?"

Paul looked at them both, he was a bit surprised, but Casey barely blinked. "Listen kids, I'm putting my cards on the table. I'm newly-divorced and looking for some playmates and I think the both of you are verrrrryyy sexy. You're good looking and you're smart. That's a winning combination in my book. I'd like to take both of you back to my place and fuck you both and if it's as hot as I think it'll be, I'd like to keep fucking you both. You game?"

Casey squeezed Victoria's hand. "I'm game. Having someone as sexy and hot as you for my first woman lover, I'd be crazy to turn down such an opportunity."

Paul's blue eyes stared at both of them intensely. He didn't speak for a few minutes and then he asked "You know I've never put any limitations on you baby, I'm fine with you if you want to have sex with Miss ... Victoria. But you really wouldn't mind watching me have sex with her?"

"Hell no Paul, I think it'd be hot as hell!" Casey laughed.

"Look kids, we should settle something right here," Victoria smiled. "If we're going to do this, you need to use the words. We're all going to fuck. YOU'RE both going to fuck me and I'M going to fuck your brains out, dig?"

They nodded and got into Victoria's car for the short drive back to her home. Victoria was already damp with excitement and the thrill of seeing these sexy young people naked and in her bed.

They were in the door and looking around when Victoria reached for Casey and pulled her close. She held her tight and moved her hands down to Casey's smooth, round ass, clad in a tiny skirt. She squeezed hard as she showed Casey how another woman kissed. Casey whimpered, but sucked on Victoria's tongue when it was in her mouth.

"What do you think, Paul?" Victoria asked when the two of them broke their embrace.

"I think that was the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life," Paul said, meaning it.

"Your turn Paul, come over here," Victoria said, crooking her little finger at the young man. He pulled her close and kissed Victoria, she was taken by surprise, not expecting him to be so aggressive. She was also pleasantly surprised to find out Paul was quite a good kisser!

"Now, all of us," Victoria panted. She had them both on either side of her and their tongues all met and twirled around. Victoria was feeling very warm and couldn't wait to feel HOT.

"Oh Wow," Paul sighed as they moved apart. "This day has been ..."

"Not over yet, loves," Victoria grinned. "My bedroom is right through there, let's get in there and make this a memorable night."

Casey led the way, with Victoria next and Paul following her. Victoria sensed there were unplumbed depths to Casey's sexuality and she looked forward to exploring them all.

Victoria smiled and undressed, seeing the admiring glances she was getting from both Casey and Paul. She was proud of her body, sexier now than she had been in her 20's. Paul commented "I love your lingerie." Underneath her teaching clothes, she had taken to wearing expensive, silky Victoria's Secret lingerie; the set she wore today was black and one of her favorites.

"Thank you, darling," Victoria said to Paul. She walked over to him and planted a kiss on his lips and then urged them to undress.

"I've tried to get Casey to wear it, I've offered to buy some for her, but she won't wear it," Paul said.

"Heavens Casey, why not?" Victoria asked with slight surprise.

"I just don't see the point, you're just going to be naked anyway," Casey stated. Victoria shook her head.

"There doesn't have to be a point to everything in sex Casey, I'm going to teach you that. Don't I look good? Lingerie is like gift wrap and it's fun for the man ... or woman ... to take off. You can leave your stockings on in bed sometimes, a lot of men like that. Paul's right, we're going to work on that," Victoria said as a gentle chastisement. "Speaking of getting naked ..."

Paul and Casey got out of their clothes. Victoria looked at them both with undisguised admiration. Casey was a tanned, slender, sexy brunette with great legs and gorgeous tits, Victoria couldn't wait to suck on those. Paul was as beautiful as she had expected, a swimmer's athletic build and once she saw his cock, she wanted it. It had been quite some time since Victoria had enjoyed cock and she looked forward to the experience.

"You're going to look fabulous in lingerie baby," Victoria said to Casey. "Get on the bed, I'm going to eat your pussy. Paul, you lick mine. How is he at oral, Casey?"

"Incredible," Casey giggled. "I wouldn't keep him around if he wasn't."

Casey lay in bed, a bit nervous, but the minute Victoria's tongue touched her pussy, her nerves vanished. She felt new, fascinating sensations, totally unlike the way Paul made love to her. She looked over to see her boyfriend behind Victoria and he was really doing it to her, licking their teacher's blonde pussy. From the way Victoria was digging into her pussy, she must have enjoyed Paul's work as well.

"Oh God, you're right Casey, what a talented little tongue-fucker you are Paul!" Victoria groaned. She moved up Casey's body and their tits mashed together, the two women kissed and ground their pussies together. Paul saw an opportunity and ate his girlfriend and Victoria at the same time ... well, as best as he could, given the way they were undulating about on the large bed.

"I want to do you, Victoria. May I, please?" Casey sighed.

"Of course, gorgeous girl. Paul, I bet you love having your cock sucked, so why don't you let me do that while your girlfriend licks my horny cunt?"

"Sure thing, Victoria," Paul said, getting on his back. Victoria's pussy was now facing Casey, the sexy brunette didn't hesitate, she began living out her fantasy and slid her tongue deep into Victoria. Victoria sighed and then went about the task of sucking Paul. She knew she had the lips for giving a blowjob, full and lush. Paul seemed to like it, if the look on his face was any indication. She hadn't sucked dick in almost a year, so it was a nice variation and Paul's cock was growing rapidly. It wasn't big around, but was fairly long and she looked forward to having it inside of her. Meanwhile, Paul's pretty girlfriend was really doing her best to make Victoria cum, she was putting her all into it. Victoria would have given the girl a B+, but was sure she'd be working her way up to A's and even better in short order.

"Oh God Casey, you sexy little slut, you're doing wonderful, keep eating my cunt, you little whore," Victoria groaned. "Don't be afraid to use dirty words in bed kids, it heats things up a lot!"

"Suck my cock, Victoria, you fuckin' slut," Paul groaned, getting into the spirit of things. Victoria put extra effort into it and Paul felt himself cumming. He tried to pull away, but Victoria wasn't having it. It had been a long time since she'd tasted cum, she wanted all of it and she got it. She moved to Casey and shared a few drops with the brunette.

Paul couldn't believe it. "Casey never swallows my load, she usually has me cum on her ass or back," He confessed.

"I was dumb, you're delicious and I'll swallow your cum anytime," Casey grinned. "He's out of action for a while Victoria, what next?"

"You and I can do a sixty-nine sweetie, that'll inspire him," Victoria smiled. She showed Casey what she needed and they were rolling around, clutching each other tight within minutes. Paul watched and felt the tingle in his crotch as his girlfriend and the gorgeous blonde ravished each other. They shook and broke apart, then both of them were on either side of him. Two sets of lips were on his cock, kissing each other on occasion, then working on him once again. It hadn't even been 30 minutes since he'd cum and Paul was raring to go again.

"FUCK HER, Paul," Casey snarled, a new personality slowly blossoming. "FUCK the blonde slut, really shove your cock in the bitch and make her cum, I want to see that." Casey grinned over at Victoria, who nodded at both of them. They'd progressed quite quickly in a short time span.

Paul pulled Victoria too him, spread her gorgeous legs wide apart and began fucking the sensual, earthy blonde teacher. He hadn't been with too many women before Casey and this was the experience of a lifetime. His cock hammered the teacher's cunt, not too hard as to harm her, but hard enough to let her know she was being fucked by a strong, self-confident man. Paul was surprised to see Casey straddle Victoria's face and lower her body down. Victoria grabbed Casey's hips and pulled her closer and began eating Casey's dripping cunt again. Casey's head threw back and her eyes closed, she was lost in a world of her own.

Paul moved in and out of Victoria, making sure he didn't overdo it. He wanted to hold back, he thought it important that he let the women cum first, so he kept up a steady pace. From the "UhUhUh" noises Victoria was making as she ate Casey, he was pretty sure she was cumming soon.

"Soon" turned out to be a few minutes later and Victoria's cum was a loud, thrashing about the bed orgasm. She dislodged Casey and when Paul began cumming, Casey was as good as her word, helping Victoria take his 2nd load.

"That's it, ladies," Paul panted. "I'm done."

"Not with two willing sluts like us, you're not," Victoria said. "Come on gorgeous, I have an idea." She led Casey to her large, walk-in closet and when they came out, both were wearing slinky lingerie. Again, Paul was treated to a double-BJ, but this time, both women were in naughty silks and lace with stiletto heels. Once he was stiff again, Victoria told him he had to fuck Casey. It didn't take Casey long to cum, every nerve ending on her body was raw with passion.

Paul protested he couldn't possibly make it 4 times and again, the women proved him to be a liar. Victoria suggested he alternate fucking them and nastily suggested he cum inside of Casey. Casey nodded and Paul wondered what they'd conspired about, but he did as he was told. When he flooded his girlfriend with his spend, Victoria dove in and began eating it out of the girl's cunt. Paul felt his cock twitch. No way. 5 TIMES?!!

5 was the magic number and they all crashed, sharing a late breakfast next morning. Casey liked to cook, so she did most of the work while Paul and Victoria chatted amiably.

"How serious are you about Casey?" Victoria whispered.

"I was thinking about proposing at the end of this semester, why?" Paul whispered back.

"Good. That'll give me months to really loosen her up, your girlfriend-cum-fiancée will be one of the hottest fucks around. Would you mind if I shared her with another friend of mine sometime?"

"Not at all," Paul smiled. "I know I'll reap the eventual rewards."

Victoria had a warm smile on her face as she thought of Casey between her and Cindy. The smile grew broader as she envisioned Cindy being fucked by Paul while she and Casey watched. Cindy hadn't enjoyed cock in quite some time and it would be a nice "Thank You" to her friend for showing her the true path to happiness.