 I was looking forward to New Year's Eve with David, whom I've seen a few times throughout the year. He's an older guy taller than me, partially bald, a large nose and a small pot belly. His cock was only average size, but he still gave me some nice orgasms because of his girth, but nothing earth shattering. He also treated me with respect and not a whore like some guys have done at the club. As for me, I'm 5'5"; red hair, blue eyes, a slim figure with 34C breast and what guys tell me are a nice pair of legs to go with my cute smile. 

Since I've been a Provider for this elite men's club for over a year, it was going to be nice just having sex with only one guy on New Year's Eve, instead of many at the club party. So when David asked me if I wanted to be his New Year's Eve date going to San Francisco, I jumped at the chance; even though it paid less than the normal party compensation. I would be romanced and made love too, instead of going to the party and fucked by anyone who wanted me; like last year. 

That was my first New Year's Eve with the club as a part time Provider. As such, I and four other part timers were passed around like sex toys. By the time mid-night came around, I was dripping with sperm from head to toe. After the traditional mid-night kissing ceremony, all of us part timers were taken to another large room where they had a contest. We were placed on a few beds or mats and told that we had 75 minutes to fill up these large bowls with jism. The guys couldn't cum in the bowls, but had to unload in us. After each eruption, we had to push the sperm out of our pussies into the bowls. There was no double dipping as they called it; having two or more guys cum in us before we expelled their seed. The winner got an extra thousand, while the last place girl only made a hundred. 

I was on my back, when the first guy pushed his hard cock into my already well used pussy. I did my best verbal enticement to make him quickly squirt. After a few minutes, he finally did. Then the next guy took his turn in me. He took a lot longer. Looking over at the other girls, they were on all fours. So I turned over for some nice doggy action. I found out that in this position guys began shooting their spunk in me a lot quicker. This went on for some time with cheering and comments from the large crowd that gathered around to watch. There was even an older guy commenting on the action. I remember hearing some of his remarks.

"It looks like a tight race. Number 1 and 2 are really getting into it. Number 5 isn't far behind. Listen to what number 5 is saying," he yelled. 

I was number 5 and I kept verbalizing how good it felt being fucked. "Oh that's it. God I love you fucking me! Oh yes, fuck me harder and I want your seed now! I want to feel you shooting it deep inside me! Oh yes! That's it! I'm just a cum-slut and want your yummy spunk in me! Oh Yes! That's it!! Ah, it great feeling you spewing inside me!" 

Around the 60 minute mark, he called out that I was in the lead with number 2 not far behind. I was really getting into it or was it that they were getting into me. Then a guy stuck his soft cock in me and began slowly pumping me. I kept telling him to fuck me faster and eventually he became hard. He did finally unload, but by then I was behind. I found out later that he was very friendly with girl number 2 and just came in her some time earlier, before he got to me. 

When the time was up, they took a ruler and measured how many inches of cum each vessel had. I got third place. The winner was number 2, while the second place girl was number 1. So I got $500 for all of my effort. Plus only the winner didn't have to drink their bowl of disgusting spunk. We heard a lot more nasty comments, as we drank our sperm filled bowls. Yuck! I threw up afterwards. Since I was only part time for 4 months at the time, this event made me decided to become a full time Provider. If you are full time, you never have to participate in the party games. This was why I was very happy accepting the romantic trip to San Francisco and going to the Hyatt New Year's Eve party, instead being used all night long at the club as some sperm receptacle.  

I digressed a little about last year to explain why I was very excited about my upcoming trip. He picked me up in a limo and we drove to the airport to his private plane. Once in the air, he opened a bottle of champagne and we toasted to our amorous upcoming excursion. He liked me dressing in an easy access outfit too. This time was no exception. I wore my black haltered top dress without a bra or panties. As we drank a few glasses of bubbly we kissed. His hands roamed down the back of my dress and untied the top to expose my breast. 

When he began sucking on my nipples I sighed, "Oh god you're making me horny David. I thought we were going to wait until we got to the hotel."

Laughing he whispered, "Kathryn, my hot sexy play thing. I'm going to make you part of the mile high club. Come here and kiss me gorgeous. You are too beautiful to wait until we get to Frisco!"

As we passionately kissed with our tongues dancing in heat, his hand roamed up my dress touching my inner thighs. I sighed with pleasure as he reached my wet pussy. Spreading my legs apart, I was in submissive elation as he began rubbing my clit. We stopped kissing for a minute.

"Oh David, that feels so good," I purred. 

With his thumb still on my clit he pushed one then two fingers in my wet hole and said, "I know it does Kathryn. I know what gets your motor going and why I love fucking you so much." He kissed me again. 

I continued enjoying his fingering getting ready to have a fantastic orgasm, as the pilot announced through the intercom that we were 20 minutes away from landing. It wasn't long until I gushed with my first orgasm of the weekend, while soaking his fingers with my juices. When he removed them from my quivering body, he placed them at my mouth and I sucked my juices off them. I forgot how good I taste.

Pushing me to kneel in front of him, I unzipped his pants and his nice average size cock popped out at attention. Grabbing it with on hand, I began rubbing his shaft. Looking up at him as I did, he was staring down at me with a huge grin across his face. Then I put my mouth over the tip of his cock and began swirling my tongue over his helmet. A few sucks on his head and I took the whole thing in my mouth, all the way down to his balls. Not being too big has its advantages. He began grunting in pleasure, as he pumped my mouth. I was trying to get him to explode. 

"You've always been the best little cock sucker at the club," He moaned. "All of the reviews from members have described your sucking talents as a 10. And Kathryn they aren't wrong."

As I kept sucking and tantalizing his balls feeling them filling up, I knew it wasn't long before I would taste his yummy sperm. There is nothing better feeling a guy erupt his jism in my mouth, except maybe him cuming in me. I love the taste and I knew from past dates that David's semen is very scrumptious and not salty. When I felt a little seepage of cum, he pushed my head off his throbbing dick and told me to sit on him. I straddle his legs and guided his cock into me. 

As he pushed in me he said, "I want to make you a member of the mile high club Kathryn. To do that gorgeous I need to cum in you. I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not David, fill me up," I answered with loud moans of pleasure. It wasn't long until he did just that. 

As he was finishing his many squirts in me, the pilot announced to get our seat belts on that we were landing. I felt his semen dripping out of me as the plane touched down. Before we got off the plane I cleaned up in the rest room. 

A limo was waiting for us as we exited. We cuddle and kissed as the limo drove to the Hyatt. Once back at the hotel, we continued our loving for hours resting a few times to have some more champagne and caviar from room service. I was in heaven, as I made him explode a couple more times that night with me having a few more orgasms. It was a pleasant night sleep, as we spooned as two long last lovers. 

The next day, I awoke with a red rose and some fruit for breakfast. As I ate my meal, he suggested shopping. But before that happened, he needed to enjoy my body again. Afterwards, we went walking in the rain. I was holding his arm like a school girl in love and giggled under the large umbrella, while meandering to the different boutiques. When I tried on this one outfit, he grinned and told me that was the one. It was this sheer lace black top and a very short mini skirt. Even though I brought a dress along for the New Year's Eve party that night, he insisted that I wear this outfit. Following me back to the dressing room, I was lucky to have the one in the back. We went in and he unbuttoned my blouse and began kissing my nipples. 

"I can't keep my hands off you Kathryn," he whispered. "This outfit has me horny again. I want you right now." 

I kissed him and asked, "You want to make love to me here?" 

He just looked at me and pulled up the skirt. Then he took down my panty and said, "Oh yeah! Right here right now!" We kissed again. 

Then he had me turn to face the wall. With the skirt pulled up over my butt and the panty around my ankles, I heard his zipper coming down and then felt his hard cock at my pussy entrance. In one hard thrust he was in me. I was breathing heavily and moaning as I enjoyed his small cock going in and out. With my hands against the wall stopping his forceful thrusts, he kept speedily pumping me. He would whisper how hot I looked in the outfit and how guys would envy him. When my moans of enjoyment were getting louder, he pulled my hips back, pushed deep into me, and I felt him squirting. Suddenly there was a knock on our dressing room door. 

"Is everything okay Miss?" The sales lady asked.

It startled us as I answered, "Yes. I was just trying on something that didn't fit. I'll be out in a minute."

"If there is anything I can do, just ask." Then I heard footsteps walking away. 

David's cock began shrinking, as he pulled out dripping some of his spunk with him. I turned around and undressed. Putting back on my jeans and sweater, I said. 

"So I guess I'm wearing this tonight!" 

"Yeah you are. You're going to make all the guys horny looking at your nips and wishing they were me." He laughed after he said it. 

Then we left for some more shopping. I needed to find stockings and shoes to go with the outfit. After hours of searching I found black stockings and 5" platform heels. I looked pretty sultry with them on and couldn't wait to see how the total ensemble was going to look like. 

New Year's Eve was at our hotel. They had it all set up for fun time. There was a large decorated area in the main lobby for a big band sound. Upstairs had two ball rooms with different music. Hotel guests were given a red wrist band to wear, while outside guests wore yellow or green. I never found out what the different colors met. I wore the outfit we just bought, because he likes me dressing naughty and being his arm candy. I have to admit, I looked really wicked with my nipples peeking from under the black lace material. We had a very romantic dinner at one of the hotel restaurants and guys were looking at me with lust in their eyes. The exhibitionist in me had me grinning with predictable flirting. 

The party started around 8 pm. We had a lot of Champagne to drink and I quickly became tipsy. The dance floor was very crowded and I did feel few hands under my short skirt, which just stimulated me. We bounced around from band to band and with every slow dance I felt his bulge against me. Just before midnight we got to the main party on the first floor. The crowd was large and not enough room to move around. Getting to the middle of the floor, I was swirling my arms in the air frolicking to the music. He turned me around and as I danced he got real close to my ass. 

Pulling me forward with my ass tightly against his bulge and hands around my waist, he softly said, "I want you Kathryn. You're so fucking hot. I can't wait to fuck you again."

I heard his zipper coming down and knew he was about to fuck me right on the crowed dance floor. Luckily the MC announced, "Only a minute left. Grab your partner or someone else partner and get ready for the count down." Whew, I hoped that stopped him. 

I turned around to face David, put my arms around his neck getting ready to kiss him. "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1," we all shouted. 

We kissed a long passionate yummy French kiss. When we broke, a cute young blonde grabbed him and planted a hot kiss on him. I turned away and this tall hunk grabbed me. We kissed. Oh my! It was such a hot kiss giving me goose bumps. I thought David was a great kisser but this guy beat him. 

When we broke for air he said, "You are the most beautiful lady here. I would love to dance with you."

The slim guy had dark wavy hair, dark eyes, a slight growth of whiskers on his face, and a cute dimple on his chin. I'm guessing he was in his 30's. So I giggled and answered, "Sorry but I'm with my boyfriend! You'll have to ask him."

He looked disappointed but then asked if my friend allowed me would I dance with him. Giggling I smiled and said, "I guess that would be okay." 

He smiled and answered, "Okay then!" I watched his cute butt as he walked away not thinking anything more about it. 

Then the music started up again with a slow song. Everyone grabbed someone and I turned back to David. The blonde still was kissing him. Tapping his shoulder, he turned back to me and kissed me. I had my eyes opened as the blond gave me a nasty look and walked away. I wondered what that was all about, but David kisses were even more passionate then before.

Right in the middle of the crowded body to body dance floor, he held me tightly against him, pulled up my skirt and pushed his throbbing cock into my wet pussy. After a few minutes grinding on his hard cock, he came in me. I zealously kissed him, as he finished spewing his nice spunk. It happened quickly without me even getting him horny, but was happy that I had such an effect on him. Then we left, so I could clean up before his semen ran down my legs. When I came out of the toilet, he was waiting for me with another glass of bubbly. We toasted to our New Year first sex. As we were laughing about it; the nice looking cute hunk, whom I just kissed, asked David if he could dance with me. David took out his cigar and said he needed a smoke, telling him he could if I wanted too. Well I did. Taking my hand we went to the dance floor and I began dancing a slow sultry dance, while everyone else was dancing to the fast beat music. 

Before the song was over, he took my hand and slowly meandering to the other side of the room. He was very complimentary about my outfit and when the second song started, he kissed me again. When we broke for air, he told me we should go upstairs to another music venue. Well I was really happily drunk, he was very cute and persuasive, so I said okay. He put his hand around my waist and walked me up the escalator to the Hip Hop music ballroom. It was dark inside, as we went to the back area in a corner. He told me that he checked out the room and thought this was a perfect place to get acquainted. I don't know if he placed it there, but there was a small couch behind a pillar with the back facing toward the open dance floor. He had me sit on the couch with him next to me, facing the back wall. We kissed again and I was becoming very amorous toward this strange hunk. When we broke for air, he began unbuttoning my blouse. 

"I bet these gorgeous tits of yours are begging to be released," he said. 

I just giggled and let him unbutton and untie the bottom of the blouse. Once my breasts were completely exposed, he took the bottom of the blouse and tied it around my back, making sure my boobs would stay uncovered. Then he kissed me again as his hands roamed my boobs. With his hands kneading my nipples he looked into my eyes.

"Feels good doesn't gorgeous. I bet you're horny for more right now. Aren't you?" He whispered.

I was in total heat and answered, "Oh god yes."

His hand went immediately for my thong and pulled it down. I helped him take it off. When he touched my wet pussy, I moaned in pleasure wanting him to fuck me. Giggling, I told him to make love to me. Pushing me on my back he did just that. I had one leg up over the back of the couch and the other wide on the floor, as his large cock went into me. He began fucking me to the beat of the music. I began loudly moaning, but you couldn't hear my cries of pleasure from over the loud music and the crowd shouts. Just as the second song was ending, I felt squirting his semen in me. I took my hands and pushed his ass harder on me. It felt so good because I came just at the same time, which doesn't occur that often. When he pulled out, I went to sit up. 

As I did, I heard another guy say, "That looked like fun, can I fuck your girlfriend too?" 

He sarcastically answered back, "She's not my girlfriend, so yeah, go ahead. I don't think she'll mind. I saw her fucking on the dance floor at midnight and knew she would be easy. Just keep her here until I get back." The guy answered he would. 

Looking at me with his massive load of cum starting to drip out, he said, "Well gorgeous, I know you won't mind a few more fucks tonight. While this guy is fucking you, I'm going to get my friends. So don't go anywhere after he's finished with you. I'll be back in a few and we can continue getting to know you." 

Just as I was about to say NO, this guy put his cock into my drenched pussy and started pumping me in and out. I didn't even fight, but just enjoyed his cock in me. With me moaning in pure lust, he fucked me throughout the next few songs. When it a song ended, he told me to turn on all fours because sluts should always get fucked like a bitch in heat.

He took my hips and helped turn me around with my ass propped up in the air. I had my head hanging over the back of the couch, as he entered me again. Believe me when I say that it felt great being used, just like at the club parties. Maybe that is why I didn't fight it. I've been disciplined to behave in this manner making it now my normal behavior. 

He kept ramming himself speedily in and out of me, and I loved every hard thrust. I even came once before he began his eruption. It wasn't long before he pulled out and blew it on my ass. When I moved to sit down, I felt his stream of semen feeling wet on my ass. I looked around for the other guys. They were nowhere in sight. I pulled down my skirt and started to stand. 

As I was trying to get up, this guy pushed me back down on my ass and said, "Where do you think you're going cutie? He'll be back in a minute. I'm supposed to keep you here until he returns. You have a very scrumptious fuckable body and I know you still want it. Your cunt was still hot when I pulled out. I been watching you all night and when that guy took you up here, I saw how easy you submitted to sex. When they come back, I'm going to watch you getting fucked like the whore you are. I may even have another turn." He laughed afterwards.

He quickly sat down next to me and held my shoulders against the back of the couch so I couldn't move. With my firm boobs exposed, he leaned over and began sucking on my nipples. Oh My God! That just turned me on! He knew exactly how to tantalize them too. His tongue swirled around each nipple making them stand even more erect. When he began flicking his tongue on the tip of my nipple, I began moaning with such great delight. It was like he knew exactly what made me thirst for cock. When he took his finger and began to gently flick the other nipple at the same time. My legs automatically spread wide apart. 
