 The last New Year Caroline had gone down to the rowing club, there had been at least thirty people ready to go out on the river. She had had a great workout but this New Year's Day was quite a different affair, however it was one she would never forget.

There had been only five them: Trevor, Micky, Adam and Kyle, so after a short discussion they took out a four and she steered. The Thames was flat, there was no wind and very little river traffic. Before long she had all four of them working hard; despite the ice cold conditions all of them had stripped off their splash tops, hats and sweat shirts. She watched them carefully as she set a steady thirty strokes per minute: their breath condensed in the cold air, the water sounded flat against their blades. She watched Adam (6ft 3inches, 40 something years old, number one haircut, wedding ring) stroke the boat immediately in front of her; watched his thighs and forearms bulging; watched a bead of sweat run from his forehead. She could feel the boat lurch beneath her; the powerful thrusting of the boat against the small of her back made her stomach lurch. She squeezed her thighs together and imagined all that male sweat, the powerful smell of them, working hard, their muscles knotted. She edged the boat towards a relatively protected part of the shoreline and called 'easy oars' and watched the blades settle flat on the water. 'Hold it up' and the boat came to a gentle halt. She watched the four men panting for breath, steam rising from their bodies. Water bottles were raised to lips before the usual chatter began.

By the time they had got back to the boat house, all of them including her, were exhausted. Hands no longer felt the cold, faces were encrusted with dried salty sweat. She stood and stretched her back as they washed down the hull and stacked it on the appropriate shelf. She watched them move with practiced grace: none of them were classically attractive, but it was something about their self- assurance, even arrogance, that made her head spin and catch her breath. God, she needed some male company. She needed to feel that strength holding her, moulding her body, using her, controlling her movements. It didn't matter which one: Adam, Micky, Kyle or Trevor. In fact all of them were perfect right now. That's why she had come down to the river today wasn't it? She had almost had a premonition that something was to happen today, something important. She had fanaticised about the men's changing room for ages. It was something about the smell; not exactly pleasant, but it was something deeply arousing. She had this undeniable urge to find her way in there and let nature takes its course.

She looked in the full length mirror in the women's changing room at her nakedness. She was still pretty fit for her age, of course not as she had been in her youth, but now in her mid forties she still felt desirable. Surprisingly firm breasts (babies would have ruined them), a flat stomach, peachy bum and lightly tanned skin. She ran her hand down over her stomach to her neatly trimmed bush. Damn it! Get on with it before they finish and start leaving. She shook her head to clear her mind, grabbed a towel and headed bare foot down the deserted corridor to the men's changing room.

She swallowed hard and took a deep breath. With a towel wrapped around her modestly, she knocked loudly on the shower room door. She could hear muffled voices and some laughter. Part of her wanted to run off and hide, but deep down in the pit of stomach, deeper still, she had that impossible desire to slake her thirst. She need cock. And now.

Just as she was about to turn around and head back the door opened.

"Hi Caroline, what's up?"

She barged past Micky, who had a small towel wrapped around his waist before she changed her mind.

"The shower's not working. Thought I could share yours."

She quickly walked towards where Kyle, Adam and Trevor were still showering themselves.

Micky looked momentarily startled before he suddenly dropped his towel, "I think I'll join you, if you don't mind."

The changing room was rectangular shaped, with a raised shared showering area at one end. Without thinking too much, Caroline dropped her towel onto an empty slatted bench and stepped up to join the three men washing themselves under the steaming spray of hot water.

After their initial shock Adam offered her some shower gel, which she gratefully accepted, more in relief that they hadn't reacted negatively to her presence.

Thinking quickly and not wanting the moment to pass Caroline stopped herself from taking the bottle.

"Would you mind?" She turned her back and leant forwards a little to push out her bum.

With only a slight hesitation and a quick nod to the other three men he squeezed a generous amount into his hand and applied it to her lower back. He rubbed it over her skin and quickly moved his hand down. Caroline moved back towards him and instantly he was massaging her arse with both hands.

"I think I need some more help with this dirty girl."

Instantly Kyle and Trevor moved towards her and before she knew it three pairs of hands were massaging her arse, stomach, shoulders and tits. Her nipples were gently teased so they became erect and Adam's hand slipped between her arse cheeks and began to rub her bum hole. Kyle lowered his head to take an erect nipple between his lips whilst Trevor ran his hand down over her stomach into her bush so he could begin to finger her pussy.

She leant her head back and the spray of warm water filled her mouth. She spat it out and laughed. The fingering from the three men became more intense - deeper - her arse hole stung as Adam eased two fingers up her soapy bum hole. Another finger pushed deep into her pussy whilst a thumb began to massage her clit. Her body started to quiver under the sustained assault and a deep guttural moan escaped her lips.

"That's it, harder. I'm nearly there." She was unaware of what she was saying and how loud she was becoming, however suddenly she felt herself finger free and was being manhandled into a different position. Without knowing how, she felt herself being lifted up by her well-spread thighs and lowered onto the supine figure of Kyle. His ramrod stiff cock jutted out from his body and found her juicy, soapy slit easily. In one swift sliding motion his cock was swallowed deep inside her aching body. Her hair was pulled back from her face and another rock hard straining penis touched her lips. Involuntarily she opened her mouth and it was filled with the hot, wet throbbing shaft she had been dreaming of. It was salty and tasted of pre-cum and made her want o fuck and be fucked. She began to ride the satisfyingly thick cock, high enough so the head of the shaft pulled her cunt lips out and when she pushed down back onto it she felt herself stretch. It felt so good to finally be filled with cock: both her pussy and a mouth. She looked up at Trevor through the spray of water, at his look of concentration as he pushed his cock in and out, deeper and deeper into her greedy mouth. She choked as his long thin uncut dick pushed into her throat.

"You're a fucking lovely slut Caroline."

Hearing her so named, sent a shiver through her body and she began to cum. She was a slut - she knew it - she had been waiting too long to be used for what she really was. As her body writhed in spasms of pleasure Trevor released the grip on her hair and slid his cock out, the thin string of pre-cum connecting her mouth to the end of his penis was quickly washed away by the shower of warm water.

Adam grabbed her hair and forced his swollen cock into her mouth. His rod was a lot thicker but not as long and before she knew it her nose was buried into his wet pubes as he throat fucked her.

She had forgotten all about Micky until she suddenly felt Kyle stretch her arse cheeks apart and fingers began to circle her bum hole.

"You come barging into the men's room. I think you need to be taught a lesson you dirty slut."

Her head swam as she realised that Micky was about to fuck her arsehole. She had never really enjoyed anal sex before - boyfriends had always been either too tentative: lots of embarrassing apologies and failed attempts at penetration - or far too forceful: no warm up: painful and uncomfortable. This knowledge made her body tense up.

"Don't you do that you slut." Adam pulled his cock from her mouth.

"You haven't come in here to be a good little girl, sitting with your legs demurely together in your perfect dress. To us you are a slut with three willing holes and we are all going to take our turns to fuck your mouth, cunt and your arsehole."

It was as if a switch had flicked in her head. All those years of acting like a good girl suddenly disappeared. This is what she had desired from when she first understood about sex. Now she wanted to give in to those feelings.

"I want a cock in my arse. Hurry!"

As the water splashed down on her back, Micky pressed his swollen knob against her soapy anus. Adam and Trevor watched as he leant in against the resisting sphincter.

"Here let us help."

"Relax. Push out."

Hands stretched her arse cheeks as wide as possible. There was a sharp stinging sensation as he pushed against her bum hole but it was no good: all those memories of useless lovers stopped her from relaxing fully.

"An idea lads."

Everyone stopped what they were doing and watched as Trevor turned off the shower directly above her lower back and picked up a bottle of shower gel.

"All that water is washing the soap off. Not enough lubrication." Typical mechanic. He knelt down and squirted a generous dollop of gel onto her anus. She felt a strange sensation as he fingered the tea tree oil based gel into and around the puckered knot of muscle that they all wanted to see stretched and filled with cock.

"Right that should do the job. See if you can get it in now," he nodded to Micky.

Once again three pairs of hands pulled her arse cheeks apart exposing her bum hole, pushing her cunt down hard onto Kyle's rod. This time there was no messing: Micky leant forwards and pushed his knob against her now desperately aching hole. She turned her head and tried to see what they were all looking at but it wasn't possible.

Just at that moment she wanted one of them to have a camera so it could be filmed so she could watch this penetration of her own bottom again and again forever more. Watch those two cocks stretch her apart. A never ending delicious spasm of wicked licentiousness, enough to make her stomach flip for every tedious day of her life she was left to endure as a school teacher. She wanted it to be viewed by strangers and friends alike. Wanted them to gasp as they saw this perfectly respectable woman being buggered, sodomised, butt-fucked, analised as every perfectly respectable woman should have the chance to be, without criticism, knowing full well that sperm would be ejaculated into waiting handkerchiefs and vaginal juices absorbed into perfectly clean cotton panties as they watched it. She wanted her school headmistress, the one who told her she would never amount to much, to watch. She imagined the uptight bitch licking her lips as she watched a member of her staff being impaled on all these cocks and her pussy weeping with desire.

She was forced away from her momentary daydream and forwards away from the mounting pressure of this insistent rod of flesh but hands held her fast and she could feel the sensation of her anus expanding, accepting this pulsating penis.

A deep moan escaped her lips and she began to cum again.

Micky waited with the first inch of his hard-on buried in Caroline's arse. Her body convulsed and wriggled under his friends' hands and the pressure of his penis as he leant forwards. As her muscles clenched and unclenched he found his penis slide deeper and deeper.

Caroline's tears of pleasure and pain were washed away by the shower above her and she opened her mouth in a silent scream of pleasure.

As Micky's cock slid deep into her arse she felt her hair being pulled back and a cock was shoved into her waiting mouth. Her tongue worked it, she sucked for all she was worth and choked as it hit the back of her throat. She needed to taste that thick sperm, wanted it to fill her mouth full. She wanted to swallow it down. She needed it now.

Suddenly she felt Micky's butt fucking begin to lose rhythm. Her arse was too tight for him, the whole situation was too much, what with Kyle's rod buried balls deep into her cunt. He was about to cum.

No not now, she wasn't ready! She needed to be fucked longer, harder and deeper -but it was not to be. With a bellow worthy of a rutting deer, Micky began to shoot his hot spunk deep into her bum. It was as if a fuse had been lit and she felt Kyle suddenly release a jet of warm jism deep into her cunt. Then suddenly it was Trevor's turn. He gave a grunt and slammed his cock deep down her throat then as he began pulling back a thick stream of spunk started to fill her hungry mouth. Jet after salty jet swamped her mouth. She eagerly swallowed it down, half wanting to retch but the slut within exalting in the taste and sensation of that slimy salty fuck juice.

There was a momentary pause as one by one the men removed their cocks from her orifices.

Her head span as she felt herself lifted up. There was laughter from the men as they compared notes on which was best: her arse, pussy or mouth.

"Fuck Caroline, your arse hole is so tight I couldn't help myself. Sorry."

She smiled at Micky, "It's okay, it's not something I have done in a while."

Her legs felt wobbly and they held her up and steadied her, all the while fingering her spunk filled holes.

"So what about me?"

Caroline looked down at Adam's straining cock, fully erect, ready to use.

"How do you want me?"

As Caroline walked back across the park from the rowing club she smiled. She watched the young couples walking past arm in arm, families on their day out, kids on their skateboards and bicycles. They had just started their New Year but she felt she had lived a whole year in past few hours and it wasn't even midday. Beneath her smart coat and dress she felt her nipples hard and sensitive - all those eager mouths that had sucked on them - all those busy fingers that had played with them. Her pussy felt pleasurably sore from all the cocks that it had entertained and her anus, well that felt minty clean. She stopped at the statue on top of the hill and looked out over London and smiled at the thought of how Adam had led her to one of the changing room benches, pushed her onto her back then instructed his friends to lift her legs right back over her head. She still felt butterflies in her belly at the thought of how they had all studied every crevice of her body, commented on her puckered anus, it still slightly gaping from the pounding it had taken, the dribble of semen that came from the orifice. How they had spread her pussy lips apart, flicked her clit until she was moaning again and laughed. How they had encouraged Adam to bury his penis into her cunt then her ass, and back again, time and again, all the while ignoring her protests.

She smiled. She finally felt some relief. Of course she could never return to the club now but it had been worth it.