 The motorcycle riding club I belonged to had chapters across the state so once a year one chapter hosted a State Rally. This year is was down near Cocoa Beach, a few hours ride for our chapter. Most everyone took Thursday and Friday off and a large contingent of us rode down together on Thursday.

I was between positions at the time, making ends meet by teaching online college courses and doing any kind of handyman work I could rustle up, mostly from club buddies. Donna, a good friend, was widowed single mom living on her deceased Navy husband's pension and SSD for the kids, so money was usually tight for her as well. We agreed to share a room (totally platonic) even though the former Red Roof Inn that was our site for the rally was only charging about $35 a night. The club had the entire place.

Our group arrived and Donna and I got checked in by about 3:30. We dumped our bags in the double room and headed out to mingle among the other chapters, renewing old friendships and making new ones. I should mention that, at the time, Donna was hooking up with a buddy of mine who was still married. I was their beard more than once, and thus Donna was a frequent occupant of my pillion. Not that I minded - Donna was hot and exactly my type. On the short side - probably 5'3", cute as hell, slim, and a great 32B set. I'm the former president of the local IBTC - Itty Bitty Titty Committee. Our motto is "anything over a mouthful's a waste anyways".

After wandering around a while, checking out the other bikes and bros, I headed over to the motel's restaurant/bar. More the latter than the former but supposedly the breakfast they served was killer and cheap. Same went for the drinks - I was blown away to find out that my drink of choice, Johnny Walker Red, neat, water back, was only three bucks for a very healthy pour. About a third what it cost back home so my budget was doing its happy dance. 

I'd just been served my first when Cole and Karen, two chapter-mates and friends, joined me. They ordered beers and we started chatting about nothing in particular - the ride down, which events and local rides we each planned to partake of, where we might go to dinner. Karen excused herself to head to the ladies' and Cole followed suit just a few minutes later. In fact, they met up as Karen exited just as Cole was reaching the archway that led to both facilities. I thought nothing of it when I saw them stop and chat, although it did seem a bit furtive and Karen kept glancing in my direction as they talked. 

The confab ended with mutual nods and Karen gave Cole a quick kiss before walking back to our stools at the bar. We were still the only ones in the place except for the bartender and one waitress, both of whom were busy getting ready for the rush they knew would be coming soon.

When Cole returned from draining the snake, he reclaimed his stool between Karen and I and lit a cigarette. I'd quit smoking a year earlier and really wasn't tempted any longer but it didn't really bother me. If you're going to hang out with a bunch of bikers you best get used to smoke. Then Cole turned to me and said "Hey Tony, Karen and I have a favor we want to ask you." 

"Sure, what can I do for you?" While I'd never needed his help, I knew Cole was the type you could call from jail at 2 in the morning and he'd show up with bail money. 

"Well, we've had a long-term fantasy about a threeway. We want you to be the other guy." 

Say what?!?!? You could have knocked me off my barstool with a glance. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prude and I was single and not dating anyone in particular at the time. But I was also in my late 40s (though everyone said I looked 5-10 years younger) to their 30s. They had several kids and lived a pretty mainstream kind of life as far as I knew. Cole was the kind of guy often referred to as a 'fireplug'. Probably 5'6" but solid - not husky, chunky, or anything else, just solid. He also shaved his head bald. I'm 5'9" and nothing - not quite skinny but clearly the kind of guy who'd need Cole in a bar fight much more than he'd need me. To be honest, I was a bit intimidated at the thought of being naked next to him. 

Karen was another story completely. Fantastic person and wonderful mother but to be honest I never understood what Cole saw in her. She was closer to my height and easily weighed more than either Cole or I. Her chest was adorned with a set of 42 double dees that were likely epic in her younger years, but even with a good bra her t-shirt did little to hid the fact that birthing and nursing three kids had taken a toll.

I did flash back on a local ride several months ago. Cole had shown up solo and, like all rides, this one ended at a local biker-friendly bar. This place was a seafood joint on the river with the requisite tiki bar and outside deck. The bartender was a 20-something who clearly had everything it took to rake in huge tips from the bikers, boaters, and especially the middle-aged letches often found in such places. I had kidded Cole about watching her ass bounce by barely contained by the daisy dukes she wore. His reaction was "No way, man. I like my women with some curves. More cushion for the pushing." I laughed and said "I'm more of a closer the bone, sweeter the meat kind of guy."

So here was Cole offering me a shot at pushing his wife's cushion. The look on her face, complete with lust-filled eyes and a smile bordering on a smirk, made it clear I was likely her idea. I reached over and grabbed her cigarette from the ashtray and took the first puff I'd had in over a year, just to kill a few seconds while my overworked brain tried to process what was happening.

"So I'm not sure I'm down for this yet, but just for discussion sake, what exactly are we talking about? What kind of activities do you have in mind?" 

"I started dating Cole in freshman year of high school. He popped my cherry the next year and he's the only man I've ever been with. I'd like to at least try another cock before I die," Karen answered. "As for what things we do, I have a wish list but won't ask you to do anything you aren't comfortable with. I want to feel a different cock in my mouth, my pussy, and my ass if you do that. And I want to try double penetration."

"And I think it will be hot to watch Karen suck your cock and swallow your cum. I want to see you fuck her tits and cum all over her face. And I have to admit I'm curious to find out what it will feel like when she has one cock in her pussy and another in her ass. Will we feel each other through her membranes? I kind of imagine it will sort of feel like getting laid and a hand job at the same time." It was Cole's turn to leer and smirk. 

"That's as close and you and I will get, right? You're not looking for any real guy-guy stuff are you? Not sure I'm down for that," I said. To be honest, one thought that flashed through my brain was that these two were both larger and stronger than me. If they had nefarious ideas they could easily overpower me. I like anal sex but mostly on the giving side. The only things I'd ever received back there were a chick's finger and, on occasion, a thin dildo. Both events were always accompanied by blow jobs. 

"Yeah, man, nothing that kinky," Cole replied. This is about Karen getting what she wants. I'm the only guy she's ever been with but she's not my only experience. After high school there was a short time when we split up. I had my chance to sow some wild oats. I owe her this. So if you were wondering if I was gonna get mad or jealous or go ballistic or something, chill. We've discussed this for a long time. We role play about it. I promise nothing will fuck up our friendship."

"Okay, let me think about it. I hear a bunch from our chapter are going to some place called Cap'n Joey's for dinner. Let's hook up with them and then we can talk about it again afterwards." 

"Works for us," Karen said. 

I finished my drink, settled my tab, and headed out to find Donna. She'd need a ride if she wanted to get dinner with the rest of the crew - and I knew she did. She burned when she saw the guy she was seeing with his wife but she'd rather be there than not. Besides, she went out of her way to flirt with other guys and drop a never-ending litany of sexual innuendos, just to try to get to him. Evil little wench but when you decide to get with a woman like Donna you'd better know what you are in for.

I ran into her at the pool, beer in hand and t-shirt already wet. While she was still mostly sober I immediately flashed on a future reality - she'd be one of, if not the, first to skinny dip later tonight. If she could arrange for it to happen in front of her guy and his wife, so much the better. I asked her what her dinner plans were and wasn't surprised when she said "Cap'n Joey's" with a grin. We headed up to our room to get ready.

Donna decided to change out of her riding clothes into something better suited to tease and immediately pulled her t-shirt over her head and then stripped off her jeans. While she was completely comfortable in her bra and teeny panties right in front of me, I immediately started thinking with my little head. This wasn't the first time I'd seen Donna in lingerie. In fact I'd seen her naked at least once at a hot tub party. She'd also kissed me at midnight last New Year's. Her guy got the first one right at 12 but as soon as they finished she spun around, grabbed me and used her tongue to check the condition of my tonsils. Still, I wished she'd tone it down just a bit - I hadn't been laid in a number of weeks.

"Had an interesting proposition today," I casually tossed out. "Cole and Karen want me to be their third." 

"OMG, Cole and Karen?" she squealed. "Are you serious?" 

"Totally. Caught me completely off-guard but apparently they are serious about this. Turns out Karen's never been with anyone but Cole."

"One guy in, what, 15 years? Hell, I consider one in 15 minutes to be lost opportunities," Donna replied, likely more serious than most would assume. "So, are you going to?"

"I really don't know. Feels a bit weird. I've done a couple of threesomes with two women, but never with another guy." 

"Afraid his dick is bigger than yours?" she snarked in classic Donna fashion.

"Nah, I may not be porn material, but I get the job done. Just seems a little strange for some reason. Never thought of them in that way. And Karen really isn't my type, you know."

"No, I am" came the retort, accompanied by another smirk. "But I'm with Nate, or at least I'm trying to be with him. Asshole wasn't supposed to bring his wife. He swears she'll go to bed early so if you see the Do Not Disturb on the doorknob, go find yourself something to do. Or better yet, go do Karen. How long has it been since you got laid?"

"Too long. I don't know. I hate to miss a chance for some recreational fucking but I'm just not sure I want to do Karen, particularly with Cole watching."

"But you said you've never done a couple. Take it from me - if you pass on this opportunity you'll always regret it. People rarely regret what they've done, but always regret what they didn't." For a near-bimbo, Donna could be very wise at times." Besides," she continued, "I've had enough pussy to know that they're all delicious, regardless of the rest of the package." As she said the last word she reached out and gave mine a friendly little squeeze. It was already semi-hard from the view and the conversation, but now clearly had stratospheric ambitions, very appropriate given our proximity to Cape Canaveral.

We headed downstairs and found the group getting ready to leave for dinner. I fired up the bike and Donna jumped on back, wrapping her arms around me and making sure her tits were driven into my back. I knew that show was mostly for Nate, who was nearby, with this wife, but I'm equally sure Donna knew what effect it would have on me. If she could stiffen two cocks with one move, get a dig in on Nate, and try to influence my Cole/Karen decision all at once she'd jump at the chance.

Dinner was fun but generally uneventful. Donna did her best to make Nate jealous by flirting with just about every guy in the place. Nate's wife frowned at Donna's antics, but whether that was because she knew of the affair or just disapproved of Donna's somewhat slutty behavior wasn't clear to me.

Karen had managed to sit on my immediate left, while Donna was on my right and Cole was on the other side of Karen. Karen apparently had decided to try some jury tampering in the pleading of her case and I soon felt a hand on my leg, just above the knee. When I didn't immediately object, she grew bolder and started squeezing then sliding her hand up and down my thigh. I decided to see just how far she would go with neither encouragement nor resistance.

Not being the devious sorts, we both overlooked the wildcard in the deck. It didn't take Donna long to see what Karen was doing, and as teasing men was her stock in trade she immediately joined in the fun. I felt her hand on my right leg, mimicking Karen's much more tentative moves. Donna, however, wasn't interested in the long, slow seduction approach. She quickly slid her hand toward my crotch, pausing only when she'd reached the top of my thigh.

Spreading her hand flat, fingers together, Donna began rubbing her hand down and in. She could easily guess the denomination of every coin in my jeans pocket, but was barely teasing the edge of my rapidly growing cock with the side of her pinky. The smile she flashed at Karen could have meant many things - see - here's how you get a man to want you; let me help - I have more experience at this than you do; if you don't score this cock tonight, I will...if I want to. With Donna it was always hard - and hard to tell.

Karen may not have had much experience, but she was a quick learner. In no time she was mirroring Donna's movements and my cock was surrounded by hands teasing the hell out of my inner thighs but providing just enough direct stimulation to keep me rock hard with no short-term relief in sight. I looked over at Cole and his smile proved he fully approved of his wife's hand play. Across the table, Nate was obviously onto Donna's games and wasn't about to be bothered by such obvious attempts to get his ire up. While he knew Donna was more than willing to make good on any threat, he also knew sex for its own sake meant little to her. She was the female version of a cockhound (pussycat?) and Nate knew that from the start. If he hadn't been prepared for her games he never would have gotten with her.

Donna decided to up the ante and give Karen a boost at the same time. She suddenly reached over, grabbed Karen's hand, and placed it firmly on my cock. Given the opening, Karen didn't hesitate to take things in hand and immediately began massaging and rubbing my cock through my pants. I looked over at Donna and got her trademark smirk followed by a quick peck on my cheek. "You can thank me later, maybe," she whispered in my ear.

Key lime pie is the de rigueur desert in seafood places in this part of the country, and for good reason. Not only is it delightful, the tart meringue does an unequaled job of clearing one's palette of all the other tastes. Finish a piece of good Key Lime pie and you feel refreshed as if you'd just left the dentist's office after a cleaning but with an aftertaste no dentist has ever been clever enough to try to duplicate. Everyone polished off a piece except those couples who decided to split one. Donna and I shared and she took advantage of every forkful to showcase her world-class oral abilities. I couldn't help but wish that pie and I could change places.

We all cleared our bills, jumped on the bikes, and blasted back to the motel. Nearly everyone headed in to the bar, including Donna, Cole, Karen, Nate, his wife, and I. Donna immediately started a game of "Eye Lasers" with Nate, alternating between making a show of looking at the watch she didn't wear on her wrist, staring at Nate's wife, and then glaring at Nate. In Donna's mind it was clearly after wifey's bedtime and Nate better do something soon or she'd be looking for greener - or at least more readily available - pastures.

Cole bought Karen and I drinks. As riders we're always cautious and so hadn't had more than one each at the restaurant. Now that we were back in the motel for the night, all bets were off. Halfway through my first scotch, Karen asked "So, have you thought about our invitation?" She punctuated her question by putting her hand back on my leg, this time starting at the very top. Before I could answer, she quit all pretenses and grabbed my dick.

"Well, if you're going to put it that way, sure," I smiled. Instantly both she and Cole beamed twenty-kilowatt smiles. "Then let's go!" Karen shouted over the loud music the DJ was playing. She downed her beer, jumped off her barstool and grabbed my hand nearly toppling me. "I'll get us another round or two, to go" Cole announced. "See you in the room."

As Karen was practically dragging me out of the bar I happened to look over and spot Donna watching us. Her leer signaled clearly that she understood what was happening and she shot me a quick thumbs up while mouthing "enjoy". I smiled back and mouthed "any time" which earned me another big smile.

As soon as the door to their room shut behind us, Karen was all over me. She wrapped her arms around me, smashing her large, pillowy breasts into my chest, and kissed me like it was her last chance to taste lips. I went along with her for a brief time then broke the embrace. "Whoa! Slow down, we have all night. Shouldn't we wait for Cole?" 

"He'll be here soon. No need to waste any more time," Karen said as she pulled her shirt up over her head. Reaching back behind herself, she unhooked her bra and shrugged it off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. I had to admit, my assumptions were only slightly correct. Clearly the effects of childbirth and breastfeeding that proved so challenging to most women were a mere inconvenience to Karen. Her mountainous breasts stood tall and proud, sagging understandably from their own mass but otherwise seemingly unaffected by gravity. Her aureoles were light brown and the fully erect nipples still retained a tint of the pink of their youth. These were nipples and tits to worship.

The sound of the key in the lock followed by the door opening and closing heralded Cole's arrival. He'd outdone himself, balancing a tray that carried three more of the oversized scotch highballs I liked and a cooler that looked to contain at least a twelve pack of the beer they preferred. Seeing his wife displaying her pride and joy brought a smile to his lips.

"Magnificent, aren't they? Just so you know, Tony, her nipples are unbelievably sensitive. With the right technique and patience I can often get her off just by licking and sucking on them. I can't wait to see what happens when we double team those beauties."

"Ahem. Things seem to be a bit lopsided here. Why am I the only one who isn't fully dressed?" Karen was ready for action and doing her best to speed things along, but Cole had a bit of the prankster in him.

"Oh! Sorry, hon, you're right. Here, let me help you put your bra and blouse back on."

"Try that and die, right here, right now" was the not unexpected reply. "Both of you get your clothes off NOW! ALL of them!"

Cole and I looked at one another with a grin and stripped to our birthday suits. The balance had now shifted - we were naked and Karen was only topless. As if reading each other's minds, Cole and I quickly swept in, pushed Karen back onto the bed, and pulled off her flipflops, jeans, and panties in a flash.

"Hmmm. Seems like someone has started early," I said. Karen's pussy was glistening with her juices. She didn't subscribe to the then-current fad of completely shaved down there, but she was very neatly trimmed up. A dark brown patch matching the hair on her head formed a triangle, flat side on the top and the pointed bottom ending just barely above her clit. It reminded me of a block arrow directing airplanes to the proper landing strip.
