 Day One:

Dr. Darla Bailey pulled into the parking lot of Kent Biological Research Facility, barely controlling her frustration. 

"I certainly hope this week goes better than LAST week" she thought to herself. 

Her project, which had been doing so well, was now in jeopardy of being interrupted and the present experiment ruined due to circumstances beyond her control. Darla had been working, since getting her doctorate, in research attempting to understand, and eventually cure, sexual dysfunction. After eleven years, she and her colleague, Dr. George Konigmann, had made a breakthrough that promised to do just that! 

She had known George for years. They met while doing their post doctorate research at USC. Over the years they had become friends as well as colleagues. Over time, he had confided in her that he, too, suffered from a form of sexual dysfunction, though he didn't like talking about it. It was why he went into this area of research in the first place. But it mattered not one bit to Darla, since she was so focused on her work, which was finally bearing fruit after so many years. 

Their research had uncovered a genetic mutation that showed up repeatedly in patients with little or no libido, and they developed a course of gene therapy treatment utilizing a retro-virus that promised to reverse the malady permanently. For the last eight months, they had been testing it on chimpanzees here at their facility with promising, even amazing results. 

A female chimpanzee named Jinny, who the San Diego Zoo had hoped to breed, had shown no interest in male "companionship" at any time in her life, so they had used her as the focus of their most recent experiment. The retro-virus made her slightly ill at first, but only a single day after her first injection, she began paying attention to the males near her, and after two days began offering herself to any male she encountered in the chimpanzee enclosure. It was an amazing transition!

Unfortunately, the data showed that this particular treatment only seemed to work on female subjects. George had speculated that it had to do with the Y chromosome in the male interfering with the process. It was just one more negative in the growing list of problems.

And it seemed that now that their work, itself, had met an obstacle. Due to budget cuts, the facility had changed laboratories and now a cut rate company, Dunstall Labs, prepared her samples for her. It amazed her that any state-of-the-art facility could be "cut rate", but clearly this one was. Certain "irregularities" were discovered in their procedures that directly affected her work. She was furious. 

All work on this recent test had been halted last Wednesday after it was found that Dunstall had prepared the latest batch of retro-virus using a different base virus than the one they chose, one tailored especially for chimpanzees. It threw their results into confusion, though George thought that their results so far stood on their own merit. Still, she was pissed.

As if that were not enough, she had contracted the flu over the weekend, and couldn't keep anything down for two days. She seemed to be over it now, but she was starving, so she stopped on her way in and picked up breakfast for herself. But, anxious to study the tapes of Jinny made over the weekend, she had bought breakfast "to go" and planned to eat while she reviewed the material.

As she parked in her private space, she noticed that cute intern, Jimmy Slaten, walking into the building. She had noticed him before, since he was young and good looking, but she had no time for a relationship, especially with someone more than ten years her junior. Today, however, she was curiously drawn to him. She shook it off and headed for her office.

As she watched the tapes and ate her breakfast, her mind kept drifting to Jimmy. Had he been working out? Had he changed his hair? ...or his clothes? Something was different about him. 

Half way through the morning, George stuck his head into her doorway and announced that he was headed for Dunstall to investigate the situation and he'd see her tomorrow. After he left, she couldn't help thinking how handsome he looked, and wondered why she never noticed before. 

Then, uncharacteristically, she thought to herself: ("He actually looks younger than I remember -- TICK -- I'd love to get him in the sack")

She sat bolt upright. "What was that?" She asked herself. "In the sack? Why would I think of that out of nowhere?" But still, she began imagining him without a labcoat... or a shirt... or pants... "What am I thinking?"

Abruptly, she realized that the tape had ended. It was two hours of video, and she hardly remembered what was on it. Had she been daydreaming? That flu had made a mess of her, apparently. She pressed STOP, then REWIND, and settled back to finish her breakfast.

Just as she drank her last sip of coffee, Jimmy wandered into her office holding a clipboard. 

"Doc, I need you need to sign for these supplies I'm ordering. It's more than I'm authorized to sign for" he said, handing her the papers and a pen.

She took them from him, letting her hands brush over his. A chill went through her body. She imagined Jimmy naked, pressing his body against hers, then pulling her to her feet and ripping her clothes off. 

("What the hell is wrong with me -- TICK -- nothing that shouldn't have happened years ago!")

The thoughts seemed to battle each other in her head.

"Are you ok, doc? You seem to have developed a nervous tick..." he said indicating her eyebrow.

"Jimmy, I have something I need you to do... This can wait. Come with me."

She stood, leaving the clipboard on her desk, and, pulling him by the hand, took him down the hall and out into the parking lot. Walking up to her car, he said, puzzled, "Are we going somewhere off-campus?"

"Sometimes it's best just to go along without asking a lot of questions" she replied with a wink.

Confused, he climbed into her car, and she started the engine. Around the corner from the facility she pulled into the nearest motel and got out. 

"Wait here" was all she said. Seeing where this was going, he had no intention of messing it up, so he just kept quiet and waited. In five minutes she was back and motioned him to follow her.

She opened the door to a nearby room and went in, Jimmy close behind. The door wasn't completely closed before she started undressing her puzzled intern. 

Jimmy may have been confused, but he wasn't stupid. He knew where this was going, though the how and why of it was far beyond him. But he didn't care about that. Sexy Dr. Bailey was suddenly no longer out of reach, and he was going to enjoy what seemed to be coming.

He began unbuttoning her top as she pulled his shirt over his head. She quickly unfastened his belt, pausing only to allow him to remove her blouse. As more of their bodies became exposed, Darla seemed to become almost frantic with sexual desire. 

She pulled his hand up to her breast and held it there with her own, moaning with pleasure as she coaxed him to squeeze and massage her soft mound. Needing no further hints, he complied, while his other hand found the mound between her thighs. He was delighted to find her awash with arousal. Her scent filled the room, to his surprise. He had never seen a woman so worked up before. It was very exciting for him, and his erection was proof. 

Her eyes grew wide as she noticed the stiff rod growing between them, and she grasped it lustfully. She moaned audibly as she felt the drop of semen already on the tip. Eagerly, she dropped to her knees and took his cock into her mouth, playing around the tip with her tongue. It was his turn to groan.

Holding his cock in one hand, she sucked and licked, making audible slurping sounds as she fingered herself with her free hand. She had never wanted to be filled with cock so much in her life, and her body was VERY ready for it.

Standing, she pulled him over to the bed and lay back, drawing him in between her spread thighs, and looked up into his eyes beckoningly.

He needed no further invitation. He lifted her legs over his shoulders and guided his now rock hard cock to the inviting vee between her legs. He rubbed the tip up and down over her opening as she uttered an impatient whimper, then he pressed home, slipping into her smoothly. He was surprised at the ease of his entry, but she showed no discomfort as he sank his rod in to its full extent. 

Darla groaned loudly with obvious pleasure as Jimmy began fucking her, first gently, then more urgently as she encouraged him with the most primitive facial expressions he had ever seen. Just her look filled him with primal lust. 

In no time at all, she was 'huffing' with every thrust, "Uh, uh, uh, uh" until she was on the verge of cumming.

But it was all too much for him, and in less than five minutes, his semen was splashing against her uterus as she cried out with ecstasy. She pulled on his hips with both hands, as if trying to pull him inside of her.

He collapsed on top of her as she held him close. Darla had come very close to her own orgasm, just missing out, but it didn't worry her that he had come without her. He was young, strong, and full of lust. She'd have her turn.

The advantage of being twenty years old, and without a girlfriend, is that a young man can recover rather quickly from a sexual encounter. And so Jimmy did, in part because he had lusted after Dr. D, as she was known among the interns, since the day he was hired, and in part because she seductively whispered in his ear and stroked his cock as he recovered. In less than ten minutes, his erection had returned to full bloom.

Eagerly, she positioned herself on her elbows and knees on the bed, facing away from him and looked back over her shoulder at him, waving her bottom seductively. 

Smiling, he crawled up behind her and slipped into her once again. Her arms spread wide across the bed as he held her hips and drove himself deep into her, forcefully. 

"Hhhhhhhhuh" she gasped at the sudden sensation of being filled. Sex had never been so satisfying for her. It was as if her sex drive had become all consuming to her, a primal instinct forced to the surface.

All her attention was focused on the sensation of his cock sliding repeatedly into her sheath. Each thrust into her wet pussy sent a shockwave of pleasure through her body. Soon, she was coming on his plunging cock, and his newly found stamina allowed him to take her through half a dozen orgasms before he came a second time. 

They stayed in that motel room for hours, fucking in every position they could think of, or either had even heard of. They missed lunch entirely, and by four o'clock, both were famished. 

Darla, though completely satisfied from her thorough rogering, began to feel regret at having dragged this young intern from work to fuck his brains out. Not for having sex, but for endangering her position of authority. 

She was no longer driven by the obsession for sex that swept her away earlier, though she still felt the desire. But now that she was thinking more rationally, she was completely baffled at her behavior. It was completely out of character for her, and she now worried that their work relationship would become untenable. 

Jimmy, for one, was exhausted! He had been with enthusiastic women before, but this was something undreamed of. He was actually sore!

She looked over at her new toy, and realized she would not get much else out of him this afternoon. Might as well go back to work... and maybe get some dinner.

("I'm going to have a time fixing THIS -- TICK -- Fix, HELL. I want a rematch!")

Jimmy watched her with fascination. "There's that TICK again, Doc. Are you alright?"

She ignored his remark. "Time to get back, sweetie. We'll resume this later" she said with a seductive wink.

Within half an hour, she was back in her office. She was slightly annoyed that her secretary was gone. It seems she went home sick. 

An e-mail was waiting for her when she sat down at her desk.

"Darla,

Where the hell are you? I've been looking all over. I found out more about Dunstall's screw-up. We chose a virus unique to chimpanzees for our experiment, but they used one common to humans. This could be serious. Be careful around any samples, and don't allow anyone to be exposed to an open vial. In fact, collect any that are left and lock them up. Sterilize everything else.

To be safe, better quarantine Jilly for now until we can look closer. No, don't worry, I'll take care of that. You secure the samples.

I'll find out more about what Dunstall used and get back to you.

Where ARE you?

George"

"Funny" she thought, "he writes just like he talks, unfocused."

Regardless, she did as he asked, and collected all of the retro-virus vials, empty or full, together under lock and key, all but one that broke last Friday, but it was accounted for. Then, she personally supervised the sterilization of all lab equipment. It didn't take long. Her lab was normally spotless.

As they worked, she mused about how young and sexy her young staff was, and the older ones weren't bad either. Jimmy kept looking in her direction and smiling. 

"Can't blame him" she thought "after the morning he had", but she could see her authority eroding away. 

Then she noticed that they were short-handed. "Where's Joan?" she asked.

"She called in sick, the flu or something. She didn't sound good" was the reply. "Your secretary, Alice, has it too".

"They probably have what I caught" she thought, slightly guilty. Her stomach grumbled, and she remembered how hungry she was. By then it was past 6 PM. 

"Go home guys. We'll regroup in the morning and have Dr. Konigmann update us."

Famished, and tired, but very relaxed, she drove home, stopping at a fast food place for a quick dinner. As she ate, her mind returned to her encounter with Jimmy. The more she thought about their morning, the hornier she got. She even tried to remember where he lived...

"What's happened to me?" she wondered as she drove home. By the time she reached her apartment, she was obsessing on, not only Jimmy, but George. For that matter, any man she saw got her attention, and filled her with the most wicked thoughts.

When she opened her door, she was seriously considering retiring to her bed for some self-stimulation. Abruptly, just behind her, her neighbor's door opened. 

Jack Eldon was about her age, and attractive. She had always thought so, but she had always felt that they should remain "just neighbors" for a variety of reasons. Suddenly, she saw him differently. In fact, she wanted him... NOW.

("Am I crazy? This is a BAD idea -- TICK -- But some of the best ideas start out that way...")

"Hello, Jack! Are you going somewhere?" she asked. 

"Actually, I was going out clubbing with some friends" he said, surprised at his normally unapproachable neighbor's friendliness. Could it be... she winked at him?

"Why don't you come in. We seldom talk..." She could feel her body flush, unexpectedly. Her body seemed to "adjust" internally, readying her for... something.

He was almost stunned at the seductive tone in her voice, and the primal look in her eye. "I don't see why not... I can see them any time." he said, gaining interest. 

("I've got to get rid of him, QUICK -- TICK -- Not on your life honey. Time to try this one out")

"Did she wink at me again?" he asked himself.

"Come on in then" she said, then "I like entertaining guests from time to time."

Jack had always "admired" her, and she knew it. She even felt an attraction to him in the past. But she had always pulled back before that line was crossed. 

He crossed now, into her apartment and into the living room. She turned with a smile and brushed past him into the bathroom adjacent to her bedroom. Her expression seemed to invite him to follow. He followed, curious, but paused at her bedroom door. Quickly, she freshened up and shed her clothing. 

By now, her desire to have him inside of her was urgent. She strode into full view and struck a seductive pose (she didn't even know she could DO that). 

"You look AWFULLY uncomfortable, Jack. Why don't you relax, and make yourself... at home?"

Jack couldn't believe how his evening was turning out, but he knew better than to waste this opportunity. He shed his clothes faster than he thought possible, and pulled her to him. He kissed her sensuous lips, and she returned it with passion. She had plenty of passion, and he could feel it. 

She held him and slowly backed toward her bed. Feeling the mattress against her thighs, she sat, taking his now erect cock into her warm mouth. 

"MMMMmmmmm", she moaned, as she worked him deep into her throat. 

His fingers wove themselves into her hair, and he held her head as he pressed his surging cock deeply into her warm, wet mouth. His excitement quickly overcame him as she worked her tongue over his shaft, alternately licking the tip then taking him deep into her throat. Her ministrations worked, and soon he was cumming in generous spurts. 

She sucked and licked him as he became flaccid, and continued until he was rock hard again. He lifted her onto the bed and climbed between her knees, pushing them roughly apart. His forcefulness excited her, and she gasped with anticipation.

She didn't realize that her neighbor was experienced, and talented, but she was about to find out. Kneeling down between her spread thighs, he took her nub in his mouth and teased her with his tongue. Already excited beyond frantic, she went wild, cumming immediately. He continued to tease her as she bucked and squirmed under his talented tongue. She tried to pull herself away, but he held on to her hips and buried his face in her soaking pussy. Finally, he was ready to take what he wanted from his "hostess". Looking down between her legs, he could see that she was dripping wet with eagerness, so he lay atop her and slipped slowly and easily into her pussy. 

"Gggodddd" she groaned, and she felt his shaft of firm flesh part her opening. Her arms reached behind his bottom and she pulled him deeper inside of her. In one long, slow push, he was embedded in her as deeply as he could go. He began gently sliding in, then out of her. He would pull almost out, then suddenly lunge into her. Her nails dug into the flesh of his ass as passion overtook her. She was out of control now. She would settle for nothing less than a good fucking, and he was very willing to oblige. 

His measured thrusts excited, yet frustrated her, as she wanted to be forcefully taken, manhandled. He sensed her need and began thrusting with more forceful stabs. Her pussy clenched his cock as she came over and over. She groaned and growled, even screamed as he pounded her through multiple orgasms. Having cum once already, he was able to maintain his pace for thirty minutes before he gave a very satisfied groan and filled her with his semen.

Exhausted, he collapse next to her and looked into her dreamy eyes. She looked over at him, amazed that he could do that to her. She began to see that she had neglected an important part of her life. She felt more satisfied than ever before, but... she still craved more. 

It was four in the morning before he left, having spent the night with one inexhaustible woman. He barely got a minute's sleep before she would wake him for more. He knew he had to leave or he'd be dead on his feet at work. As it was, it was going to be a long day, he knew.

Day Two:

At six AM, her alarm woke her. She was satiated and content, but starving. She showered and dressed, dreamily remembering the night before. "Who knew Jack was so talented?" she mused to herself. 

Behind schedule, she drove to work, once again buying her breakfast on the way. Pulling into her parking spot, she saw Jimmy parking further down. Not ready to confront him, she hurried inside to her office. She noticed her secretary was still out. 
