 Author's note: I didn't intend to create a series as I like to have each story stand alone. However, you may want to read "Vacation at Home" and even "Real Estate Agent" to get some more background on my summer adventures. There is some truth to the following story: the recipes! Everything else is a figment of my overactive imagination. And thanks for the feedback. I'm particularly gratified for the ladies' comments and their votes. My goal is that the ladies receive pleasure first, both in lovemaking and storytelling. If I do my job right, the reward is worth it.

===========

Steaks and Mint Juleps

Debby and I had other episodes together; maybe I'll write about them some day. But one evening was unforgettable.

We'd spent three days (all right, 'nights') really pleasing each other. I then had to go visit the outlaws where Linda and the kids were vacationing (and met a really neat Real Estate Agent on the way!) Debby had to go out of town, also, leaving about when I got back. So a little more than a week had passed since we were last together and it was the next Saturday when I saw her again.

One of the "Honeydews" (that's Southern USA talk for 'honey, do this. . . honey, do that. . . ') on my list to do during my "vacation at home" was to clean and repair the grill. We've got one of those ubiquitous propane gas grills - we had this model for about three years, and neglected maintenance on it for most of that time. It needed some heavy duty cleaning and replacement of parts. So on Saturday I got up, dressed, breakfast, coffee, etc - you know the drill. Then I cleaned the pool and got it good and sparkling. Finally I tackled the grill. The cast iron grill surface was still serviceable, although I spent about 20 minutes with a wire brush getting the slag and gunk off it. The lava rocks were history: more like ashes. I also needed a new burner and things.

Off to BigBox where I picked up some ceramic blocks, a new burner, and one or two other things to make the grill better. I also got some good craft beer (nah, don't even think I would consider the lite horse piss my wife likes) and saw some fantastic Angus T-bone steaks on sale in the meat department. What the heck; for the price per pound I bought four, thinking I could freeze them. Little did I think only one would need to be saved.

When I pulled into the driveway, I saw Debby had returned and was getting stuff out of her car. With her was a brunette, about 5 foot 10, fairly slender, but with some industrial strength tits on her. They had to be D cups if they were anywhere in the common alphabet. Her ass was shapely, and she appeared to be five years or so younger than Debby's 43 years.

"Hi, Dave. How've ya been??" hollered Debby, "This is my friend Joanne who's staying here this week."

('Oh, shucks. Another dry week coming up' I thought, incorrectly) "Hi yourself, Debby. Enjoy your trip?"

"Sure did. Wish you had been able to come along"

('Wish I'd been able to cum along, also' I thought.) "Yeah, I'd have been glad to, but work called first"

"Whatcha get at BigBox?"

"I needed some stuff for the grill. Also found a great buy on some Angus T-bone Steaks. Want some?"

"Sounds yummy. I haven't got much in my fridge; why don't Joanne and I fix a salad, and we cook out, and stuff?"

('and stuff?? Hmmm') "Sure. How does Joanne like her steak cooked and seasoned?" I already knew how Debby liked hers.

Joanne responded, talking for the first time, "I like 'em medium rare, with some spice and flavor. And I'm always interested in trying new things"

Debby then said "Make them the same way you did when I joined you and Linda. Joanne'll love that".

"OK" I said. "How about eating around 6:00; we can have drinks earlier, 5:00 or so. Also, I could fix the Colonel's Mint Juleps"

"I've heard about your Mint Juleps - we'd love to try them!" replied Debby, with Joanne nodding her head in agreement.

"See you in an hour, then"

I went in and took three of the steaks out to marinade. First, I sprinkled some Emeril's Essence (a spice recipe created by a star chef on that cable cooking network) on them and rubbed it in. Then I took some roasted garlic and rubbed a little into each side of the steaks then I added a drop of lemon juice and a teaspoon of Worcestershire Sauce on each side. I then got a gallon freezer ziplock bag, put about a half cup of Merlot wine in it, then carefully put the steaks in and squeezed out most of the air. I massaged the steaks thru the bag, then set it on the counter to marinate while I finished fixing the grill.

I almost grabbed a beer, but remembering the Mint Juleps to come, I decided to drink some iced tea instead. Then I put the ceramic bricks into the grill, finished cleaning it, and lit it to make sure it worked. It did; all was ready.

An hour had passed, and on time Debby and Joanne came through the gate. Both had on short, loose, 'jogging' shorts and tee-shirts that were neither baggy nor tight, but simply comfortable and fitting. Joanne had a bra on underneath; Debby didn't.

"Where're the Juleps?" asked Debby.

"I just finished the grill and was going to start. Joanne, you're the guest, have a seat in the kitchen and relax. Debby, why don't you go get some fresh mint from the garden - about 10 sprigs will do." I replied. "I'll go get the bourbon from the bar and the ice from the deep freeze."

Joanne sat down, Debby went to get the mint, and I went to get the stuff I needed. In addition to the bourbon and ice, I got the aluminum tumblers, ice tea "sippin" spoons (these are spoons with a hollow tube for a handle; I'd gotten them from my dad's estate when he passed away four years ago).

We met up again in the kitchen and I began to make the Mint Juleps using the method I had learned from "The Colonel". My Dad retired as an Army Colonel, a rank he earned during WWII after his participation in the Ardennes Forest Offensive (also known as the Battle of the Bulge). He was always referred to as "The Colonel" and you could say just that on the other side of the state and people knew who you were talking about. Growing up as the kid of a well known dad had its advantages and disadvantages. I learned early on that I'd best behave myself 'cause word always made it back to him. Now I realize that was an advantage.

I can still hear his booming voice, "Dave: the ingredients are the key. You've got to use bonded bourbon ('bottled in bond', a government thing that means the stuff is at least 100 proof) and it damn well better be from Kentucky. Second, use very cold ice - ice that's been in the deep freeze for over a week so it knows it's job is to stay cold and it wants to! Third: pick your mint only when you're ready to make the Juleps - over 10 minutes between picking and using and it begins to wilt and loses flavor."

Every time I made Mint Juleps, I could also hear my dad telling me, "just as important is the ceremony of making the Julep itself - people enjoy them even more when they watch you make them and you make it into a ceremony". My dad was right about that. I remember a summer school geology course I took in Colorado. I had a high 'C' at the end of the summer when we had our end of school party. The professor was there, I made Mint Juleps for him, and the 'C' moved to an 'A'. Sex isn't the only way to get an A in a course!!

So I had my tumblers out along with the other ingredients, and Debby brought in the mint and gave it to me. I drawled in my best Kentucky Colonel impression, "Ladies: here's how you make a gen-you-ine Mint Julep according to the Colonel's Famous Recipe. First, you take the very cold ice, and crush it in a canvas bag". I immediately took some ice and - Linda used to work for a bank - put it in a very clean bank money bag, and pounded it with a five pound hammer until the ice was nearly pulverized. "Then take a spoon - your hand will warm the ice too much - and fill each tumbler about 1/3 the way up. Once you've done that, add a heaping teaspoon of granulated sugar and about 5 mint leaves (you can leave them on the stem). Then put in another 1/3 tumbler of ice, then sugar and mint, and then add more the ice to the top."

As I was instructing them, Joanne and Debby were spell-bound watching me do what I was saying. I cherish the things I did learn from my dad, and regret that I hadn't paid more attention to other things. "Once the tumblers are full, take an ordinary iced tea spoon (no hollow tube) and hold it upside down by the bowl of the spoon and jam it up and down in the tumbler. This crushes the ice against the mint and sugar, gets all the flavor oils in the mint flowing, and everything mixing together. We do each tumbler about 30 seconds, or more. After that, take more ice and pack the tumbler firmly to the top." Debby and Joanne were rapt with attention. "Finally, take the bottled-in-bond Kentucky Bourbon and pour it in".

"Don't you measure the bourbon?" asked Joanne.

"Nah. Don't need to. As a practical matter, if you've done it right, the tumbler will take about 2 or at most 2 1/2 ounces of bourbon, which isn't that much".

"Right. 'Not that much', he says" Debby wryly commented as she elbowed Joanne.

Once I poured the bourbon in the tumblers instantly frosted over with a layer of ice on the outside. The effect was worth it. "Hey!! Look at that on the sides" exclaimed Joanne.

"That's the first sign you've made the Mint Julep properly" I solemnly intoned, and continued "That means that it's well below freezing." I put a sprig of mint on the top of each drink as a garnish, put in the sippin' spoons, and handed each lovely lady her Mint Julep with a napkin underneath. "Hold it by the napkin so the frosted side isn't ruined by the heat of your fingers" I said as I took my drink and sipped it. Aaaahhh!. Definitely worth being included in the top ten of life's pleasures.

"Wow!! These have teeth!" said Debby. "If I have too much of this, I may do something wild!"

"Uh-Huh!!" agreed Joanne. "Me too."

"Depends on what y'all consider wild, ladies" I drawled. They grinned, and Debby giggled that wicked giggle I'd experienced before.

"How 'bout a kiss as wild?" Debby said.

"What's wild about that?" I asked as she stood up. To my surprise, it was wild: she kissed Joanne hard on the mouth, and the sensuousness of it got the blood (I think all three of ours) moving. ('What the hell!' I wondered) "OK, that's getting there!" I gulped.

Debby grinned at me. "Betja didn't know I was Bi".

('I'll be a damned skunk sniffer') "Uh, um, nope; haven't seen any clues, especially not recently".

"Yep. Joanne and I are really close; she's Bi also."

"Cool" was the only brilliant remark I could think of.

"Yeah. I don't do full lesbians: they get too possessive and want a monogamous relationship. Bi people - by the nature of being Bi - don't get anywhere near as possessive because sharing sex is so neat."

"I hadn't thought of it that way" (hell, hadn't thought of it at all!) "but it seems to make sense. Guess the two of you are gonna have a good evening."

"We've had a good couple of days" said Joanne. "Maybe we can put more variety in it tonight."

('What the fuck does she mean by that?') My head spun: was my number one fantasy going to get a chance? "Let me freshen your Juleps" I said, changing the subject before I went crazy. I went and got more ice, and fairly quickly pumped up their drinks. This time I didn't pack the ice as much, so they got another 2 1/2 or 3 ounces of Kentucky's best bonded bourbon. I figured a little extra bourbon wouldn't hurt anything, and might help. As it turned out, I probably didn't need it.

Why don't you ladies do the salad and set the table on the deck; I'll cook the steaks". We did just that. The grill - newly renovated - was hot and ready, and as the steaks hit the cast iron grate they sizzled and got those beautiful sear marks on them. The marinade was perfect, and the scent of the Merlot wine evaporating in the heat was wonderful.

"Smells great!" said Debby. "What's in that marinade?" I told her, and she said "Wow. I wouldn't have thought of that. Can't wait to try it!"

We all liked steaks medium rare, and they were soon ready, just as everything else was. I put the steaks on the plates, and we sat down to eat. I'll humbly admit - hell no I won't, I'll brag about it! - I'm a good cook. But these steaks were among the most tender, juicy and tasty I've had in a long time. Joanne and Debby agreed.

"Must be nice to have a neighbor like this!" said Joanne as she put another morsel of steak past her pretty lips.

"He has a lot of great qualities" Debby giggled.

"So I heard. I'd like to find out for myself."

('DAMN!! Am I dreaming. This is too much! If I died right this minute and went to the gates of Heaven, St. Pete would push the down button 'cause you can't get in with this kind of shit-eating grin!)

I otherwise controlled myself and we finished dinner, cleaned up and put away the dishes. We continued to sit on the deck and talk - and the girls had one more Julep each! - for another 45 minutes, until Debby realized she hadn't been swimming for several days. I thought it was a good idea, especially since I had my swim trunks on, and did a 'cannonball' into the pool getting water on both my guests.

"Hey!!" said Joanne, laughing.

"Come on, let's join him" shouted Debby as she jumped in.

"I haven't got a suit on" said Joanne.

"Neither do I" said a wet-t-shirted Debby. "Trust me, Dave doesn't mind at all"

('Truer words were never spoken') I thought as I gazed at the now familiar tits belonging to Debby as her wet shirt clung to her breasts. I like C cups. I like B cups. I like D cups. Oh hell, I'm a breast man. Her nipples were excited again, and again you could have hung a towel on them they were so hard and stuck out so much. The bumps on her aureoles were Braille for "nibble here".

There was a splash behind me. I turned to see Joanne in the pool, and her version of the wet T-shirt. She had left her bra on, and it was a substantial model given Joanne's massive mammaries. The back of the bra was an inch and a half wide, and there were 3 hooks holding it closed. (In my youth I could undo a two-hook bra with a one handed twist; but I never mastered the 3 hook models). The front, where I was looking, had 'that damn underwire' as my wife called it, but the fabric above the wire was soft and thin. The effect was to hold them proudly in place. Joanne's nipples were reacting to the water also. And as long as blood was rushing places causing swelling, I definitely swelled up.

We swam and splashed each other, and got in a few hugs and feels. The sexuality in the air was getting nice and thick. After a while it got dark and we decided to get out. We sat on the loungers on the deck as we toweled off.

"Hell, I can't get dry with this shirt on" said Joanne.

"Me neither" said Debby, "I'm gonna take mine off" and followed that proclamation by that exact action. "Take yours off, Joanne!"

"What the heck. When in Rome, do as . . . " Joanne said as her shirt came off. Her boobs were much more visible with only one thin layer of wet cloth. The Braille on her aureoles looked like they said "Betcha you'd like to titti-fuck these babies!" which is exactly what I was wishing I could do.

There was a flash and rumble of thunder. Debby noticed it and said "Dave, let's go in your house. You have a garden tub, don't you?"

When Linda and I remodeled the house, she got a garden-sized tub that had plenty of room for two people; three would be cozy. It also had water jets for a really relaxing experience. "Yeah, sure. Why? You wanna use it?" Looked like 'cozy' was the word for the evening.

"Absolutely! How about you, Joanne?"

"Sounds like a plan to me" was the reply, so we went into the house and to the master bath. I started the water running while the girls giggled and hugged each other. I looked up in time to see Joanne suck Debby's left nipple into her mouth through the wet bra.

I stepped over to them and put my arms around both. "Hey, this looks like fun" They then put one of their arms around me. Debby's lips sought mine and we kissed deeply for the first time that evening. Debby moaned as we kissed, in part from Joanne's mouth on her sensitive nipples. The tub was full enough, so I said "Let's get into the tub, ladies".

Joanne straightened up and looked at Debby and me. Debby immediately dropped her shorts - no panties (again). Pussy lips shaven, except for that little tuft at the top. She looked as delicious as before, and I realized I was about to dine again.

"C'mon Joanne" said Debby, reaching for Joanne's shorts. "get naked!" With that, Debby kneeled and pulled Joanne's shorts down, revealing a thong covering her nether lips. Debby gave Joanne a kiss on the inner thigh and ran her tongue from halfway between the knee and crotch, up the inside, over the pussy area, on the skin just above the thong, then down the other side. Joanne visibly shook with the rapture of the act.

I reached behind Joanne and - after some fumbling - unhooked her bra (I told you that the three hook models gave me trouble). "No clothes in the tub, Joanne" I said, and then turned her to face me as I pulled the bra off her. While I did this, Debby grasped the thong and pulled it down.

"Damn, I'm glad to get that bra off" moaned Joanne, as Debby was planting more kisses between her legs. "I'd better sit in the tub or I'll fall down. But first, your swim shorts are now out of place." Debby was on one side, Joanne kneeled on the other, and they both pulled my swim shorts off. My cock - that piece of granite sticking out from me - bobbed in the air. Both girls immediately put their lips on it, and their tongues dueled around my cock.

"Who wants it, cause it's gonna be quick with all that attention!" I gasped. My hips made an involuntary jerking (pumping?) motion between the four lips surrounding it. Debby pulled back and pushed Joanne's head so her mouth had most of my cock in it.

"Joanne's turn" said Debby, and then reached up and tickled the base of my balls. That did it, and I exploded into Joanne's mouth. Joanne took it all, but then Debby grabbed her and kissed her fully. I could see the tongues moving back and forth, and finally Debby pulled back and said "Wow. Neat. That's the first time I shared cum with another woman." Joanne looked weak at her knees, (I certainly was!) so we got into the tub and arranged ourselves. I turned on the water jets and put in some peach scented bubble bath. Soon we were covered in bubbles and the scent of fresh peach was in the air.

In the tub I was in the middle with the women on each side. Debby and Joanne leaned across me and kissed again, their boobs rubbing against me. Then they kissed my stomach and began kissing upward toward my head. They paused at my nipples for a minute and - as if reading each others mind, simultaneously continued up to my neck (ohhh, that's good!) and ears (yeah!). I looked over at Joanne and we kissed for the first time. Her lips were fantastically soft; she kept her mouth open and our tongues kissed and played with each other. The residual taste of my fluid gift made it more exciting. Debby nuzzled my ear and neck, then moved to Joanne's.

There wasn't any frantic fondling or groping (which I rarely like anyhow). It was just three of us, in the tub, gently caressing and kissing. I'd turn my attention to one of the women for a while, then the other, then they'd work on each other and I'd watch. My cock was aroused the whole time, but vacillated between hard wood and firm rubber. One time I was laying back and Debby was kissing me. My hands wandered over to her friend and hefted one of her tits, then lightly traced my fingers around it, pressing only firmly enough so it wouldn't tickle. It was soft, and as my hand got to the bottom I could feel it settle over my hand between it and her ribcage as I rubbed what was left of the underwire impression out. Joanne definitely could hold pencils there.
