 JIM 

Tina called me a little after 4. "Jim, do you want to come over here for a while? Michele's already here. We'll all be at the pool."

"Sure thing," I said. "Give me five minutes."

"Okay, and Jim? Wear a bathing suit... that I'll find interesting."

Odd request, I thought -- but then the last couple of days have been odd. I did have a bathing suit that fit the bill: Last year, Michelle bought me a Speedo that left very little to the imagination. I told her I couldn't imagine ever wearing it in public. Maybe, I joked at the time, the next time we went someplace with topless beaches.

Joke was on me, of course, since this morning's adventure certainly qualifies as "topless beach." Well, good thing I try to stay in shape.

I changed, then walked over to Jim and Tina's, to find only Tina sitting on a lounger. I removed my shirt and shorts, a little embarrassed to let her see me in my Speedos. which was odd, because she'd already seen me naked a couple of times. "Bra-vo!" she said, clapping her hands. "Nice and tight. I like it."

"Speaking of tight, Tina..." She was wearing a bikini top that looked several sizes too small, tied loosely around barely-covered breasts, and stretchy shorts that looked painted on. I could clearly see her pussy lips. "Wait a minute... aren't those Michelle's clothes?"

"Funny story about that," she said, gesturing for me to sit down next to her. She reached over and gave my cock a quick squeeze. 

"Tina!"

"Oh come on," she said, stoking it. "This morning, this thing was almost poking through my bathing suit. Not to mention what was going on between Bob and Michelle."

"If you keep doing that," I told her, "I'm going to cum."

She pulled her hand away. "Well, we can't have that, can we? You know, that bathing suit of your seemed like a good idea at the time, but it looks very uncomfortable. Tell you what: I'll trade you that for Michelle's clothing." It sounded like a win-win, so I stripped off the bathing suit while Tina lifted the bikini top off her chest and shimmied out of the shorts.

This was the first time I had Tina standing in front of me in all her naked glory, and for a moment I just stared. "So what's the story?" I finally asked. "Where are Bob and Michelle?"

"In the shower, the last I saw them. Well, I didn't see them, I'm sure at the time Bob thought I thought he was alone -- but your wife left her clothing on the bathroom floor, so I kind of figured it out. Of course by now they know I know, since I took her clothing. So," she said, reaching over and touching my naked cock for the first time, "I'm pretty sure if Michelle hadn't chickened out this morning, I'd have felt this thing deep inside my pussy."

"Then we have some unfinished business," I said, pulling her down on top of me. I pressed my mouth against hers, and we found the same rhythm of kissing as we'd had the night before -- only this time, completely naked, and definitely pre-coital. As I felt my cock rub against her trimmed public hair, I suddenly realized this all flt too good. "Hold on a second," I said, separating my mouth from hers.

"You are not backing out now," she said. "If I have to tie you down, I am getting fucked."

"No, no," I said, "not that. It's just... I feel like I'm going to come in about two seconds."

"Oh, if that's all," she said, and pulled me down to the grass. She took all of my cock into her mouth, and began massaging it with her tongue. At the same time she thrust her pussy into my face, and I tasted another woman's juices for the first time in years. When I started to suck on her clit, she began pumping it against my mouth as if she were fucking me with it. At the same time, she sucked on my cock while sliding it in and out of her mouth.

She came in about a minute -- I'd love to think it was my masterful cunnalingual technique, but I suspect she was merely hot as hell -- and when she began to shake with her orgasm, I came too. She kept sucking as my cock softened and when she finally moved her head away, she smiled at me and I saw a dab of cum still on her outer lip. "You still owe me that fuck," she said.

"Just give me a minute or two," I said. "I'm still plenty horny: I just need time for my blood flow to get the message."

She took my cock in her hand, drew her mouth close to it again, and said to it "Get hard... get hard..."

Oh yeah, this would not take me long at all.

I decided that sucking on Tina's breasts was as good a way as any of keeping busy while we were waiting, and I'd finished enjoying the right one and was preparing to taste the left one when we heard the back door open. Bob came out, wearing a bathing suit. Michelle had a bath towel wrapped around her.

"Michelle," Tina said in mock-surprise. "What happened to your clothing?"

Michelle blushed (even though she was covered and Tina and I were lying in the grass completely naked).

"Bob," Tina said, "since you went ahead without us, I think you owe us an explanation."

"I'm sorry," he said. "It was my --"

"No no, I mean a detained explanation. Let's start with, when I walked in on you, was your cock actually in Michelle's pussy?"

"Yes it was," Bob said. He knew he wasn't in trouble now, and he was starting to enjoy this.

"You weren't actually fucking her while I was in there, were you?" Tina took my cock in her hand as she spoke, and was gently stroking it.

"He was in my pussy," Michelle said, "but we were both staying completely still so we wouldn't make any noise."

"That's not exactly true," Bob said. "I wasn't moving, but you kept contracting your pussy muscles. I thought you were going to make me cum."

Michelle grinned. I knew very well how good she was at that, and it would be just like her to risk getting caught by milking somebody's cock.

Michelle dropped her towel and stretched out, naked on the lounger. She may have been a bit hesitant a few minutes ago, but I could see she was getting aroused.

How hot would it be, I thought, if she started touching herself? I'd only seen her do that a few times during our marriage, when she was too horny to care about inhibitions. Would she actually do it in front of Bob and Tina? Move her hand down to her pussy, coat her fingers with her own pussy juices, and then massage them into her clit?

Tina seemed surprised at how quickly my cock had grown hard in her hand. "And after I left, Bob?" she asked.

"She put her hands against the shower wall to support herself, and I fucked her hard. It was nice, but we couldn't get in to a really good position. So I told her since you said you were going back outside, we should get out of the shower, grab our clothes, and run into the bedroom to finish."

"You fucked her in our bed?" Tina asked. The thought made her hot, not angry. I reached over to her pussy, slipped a finger inside, and felt her hot wetness.

"I laid her on her back, lifted her legs straight up, and fucked her good and hard."

There was a voice deep inside my brain that told me I should be upset hearing another man talking about my wife this way, but the rules had changed. I rolled Tina over on her back, and lifted her legs straight up the same way Bob had lifted Michelle's. Her beautiful pussy was staring right at me, and I sunk my cock deep into it. She groaned, which made me even hornier. Then I fucked her the way I'd been fantasizing for the past few days. When I looked up, I could see Michelle taking Bob's cock deep into her mouth. I bet he'd been fantasizing about that at least since last night.

Even with Bob's cock in her mouth, I could hear Michelle moaning. I couldn't see her hands, but I suspected one of them was rubbing and probing her own pussy.

That thought was all it took to put me over the edge, and I started pumping my cum deep into Tina. Her body shook, and I knew that feeling another man's cum inside of her was making her cum as well. I heard more moaning, as either Jim or Michelle or both of them had joined us.

I eased my cock out of Tina, and lay back on the grass, enjoying the sun on my bare skin. Wow, I thought, still unable to believe all we'd done over the past couple of days. And to think, we still all have another week of vacation left.