 Part 13: Summer Jobs

We went on making our amateur porn and getting paid, much more than we could make working regular jobs I might add. The semester went on pretty much as it had, just with some pornography making thrown in. In the summer the company flew is out to LA to talk business and sign real contracts. They put us up in a hotel and we had access to their studio. One night at a bar Holly met a girl named Lindsey. The next day back at our hotel room, a day of rest, she filled me in on the details. Lindsey, a five foot tall brunette, with, as Holly described, small pokey tits. Holly and Lindsey really hit it off. So I wasn't surprised that when Lindsey called our hotel phone, Holly was out the door to meet her. This meant I had a whole day to myself, in LA, and nothing to do. 

I walked into the studio, and went to Jerry Spencer's Office. "John, wasn't expecting you today"

"I got nothing to do, do you think I could do an interview or two?" I asked.

"Uh sure why not, just go down there and tell them to send the next girl to you."

I went down to the interview section. Before I had been in the filming interview room, but there were several other rooms that had no cameras, and thus the girls signed no releases, and thus didn't know what to expect. I told the secretary to send the next girl to my room, which was Interview Room #3. I sat down, in front of a wooden desk, pulled out the paperwork associated with the interview. Believe it or not there were paper records for every 'interview'. It seems that porn companies in LA have a flood of girls, more than they can handle, so they can't use them all, but they keep coming. 

A nearly six foot tall black woman stepped into the room. She was wearing a pink skirt that didn't go to halfway down her thighs, high heels, and a very tight white shirt, with her large DD breasts almost perfectly visible through the thin tight fabric. "Hi, my name is Vanessa." I glanced up at her then put my head down into paperwork. Filling out the necessary boxes, name, race, gender.

"Have a seat," I said looking up. 

"Vanessa, how much do you weigh?" I asked.

"125 lbs," was her response, I think it was more like 135, she was skinny but for six foot, she wasn't that skinny. 

"Height?" 

"6"1'" 

"Cup size?" I asked returning to my paperwork. 

"38 DD," was her response. 

"And you are interested in doing what..exactly?" I asked. 

"Well I wanted to do some nude modeling, maybe a movie or two?"

"So Porn…okay…and…Age?" I asked. 

"21". 

"Well Vanessa, we don't have any opening for models right now, we might have an opening for porn, but this says we are looking for a blonde, so you can see that doesn't seem to be helpful to you." 

"Can I demonstrate my talents?" she asked. "What kind of talents are those exactly?"

"I love to give blowjobs, I'm really good at that."

"I don't know…there isn't much I can do."

"You can fuck me too." 

"Vanessa, I don't think this is working out," I stood up, holding the folder and started to walk out of the room, which took me past her sitting in her seat.

"Please, I'll do anything you want," she said, grabbing my sleeve as I walked past her. I stopped. I set the folder back on the desk, standing to her side as she sat. I unzipped my pants, pulling out my semi hard cock. I pushed it at her face, and she immediately took my cock into her mouth, sucking on me, and taking my limp cock all the way balls deep. My cock grew inside of her mouth, going down her throat, as she licked my balls. 

I pulled back away from her, walking back to my seat and sitting back down, pants still unzipped. 

"Okay Vanessa, you have my attention, show me your breast," Vanessa stood up, pulling her tight t-shirt off, and removing her bra, releasing her mammoth black tits. 

"Now show me your pussy," She turned around, pulled her skirt down slowly, revealing a white thong, and her round black ass. She then peeled her thong from her hips, dropping them to the floor as well, in a sexy striptease. 

"Okay, let's take a walk," I said, standing up, zipping up my pants, and having her follow me, naked. She walked next to me, and I led her out of the interview area, the halls were empty. We came to the dressing room area. There was the men's dressing room and women's dressing room on opposite sides of the hallway. There were no movies being filmed right now, but I knew that they had finished one up less than fifteen minutes ago.

I led her and her jiggling tits and ass into the men's dressing room. There were three guys in the dressing room, all of them white and around six feet tall, all of them looked about ready to leave after a day of 'hard' work. I led Vanessa into the shower room, and catching the eye of two of the guys in the process. The shower room was tiled, and consisted of twelve shower heads, six on each side. I took Vanessa to the end of the shower, which was a relatively dark, and damp area. Now standing there I shed my clothes, leaving myself naked in front of this black beauty. 

"Put this on," I said, handing her a condom, which she unrolled and placed on the end of my cock, and applied it with her mouth. "Suck me bitch," I said. Obediently Vanessa, who is several inches taller than me, dropped to her knees, jiggling her DD tits as her knees hit the floor, leaned forward taking my now erect cock down her throat. Bobbing her head up and down on my cock, I held her head with my hands, pushing and pulling her faster. I pulled myself away from her, turning her around, on her knees, onto all fours. 

I knelt down behind her, doggystyle, and pressed my cock at the entrance of her tight pussy. Pushing my cock in to the hilt in one swift motion, I pounded her so hard so fast it was brutal, that slapping of our flesh echoed in the shower. At this time I realized we had an audience. All three guys were standing at the other end of the shower, I turned saw them, then with my hand motioned for them to come over. They all shed their clothes and walked over. Vanessa, taking my cock pounding on her pussy, suddenly found an eight inch cock in her face, and four hands on her tits. We repositioned, so that I was laying on my back, Vanessa was sitting upright on my cock, moving up and down, one guy stood at my feet, getting his cock sucked, and each guy stood to the side, getting their cocks stroked, as they massaged her tits. I could feel I was close to coming. She continued the pounding, sucking and stroking. I blasted my load inside of her, but with a barrier.

She sat up, allowing me to slip free, as she returned to all fours, sucking and fucking. I put my clothes back on, watching the show, and left, returning to the interview area. I walked into the interview room, going to get the paperwork I left behind, to fill in a few new developments, but I found another girl sitting and waiting. "Hello?" I said.

"Hi I'm Ashley," she said. She was about five foot tall, blonde shoulder length hair, and about C cup, round nice tits. 

"Hi, I'm John" I said, caught off guard, I wasn't expecting another one. I walked back to my chair, and opened the folder, to fill out some of the paperwork.

"Is this a stressful job?" Ashley asked. I just nodded. 

"I bet you could use some relief from it all," she said, as she walked around to my side, getting on her knees, looking in my eyes, her blue eyes staring into mine. 

She unzipped my pants and pulled out my still semi-hard, and semen smeared cock. "Ohh looks like you already have had some stress relief," She said, as she licked up and down on my cock. "Tastes good" she said shoving my cock into her mouth. She went into a rhythmic motion of her head, on her knees, blowing me. She continued this for some time. I just leaned back, put my hands behind my head, and moaned. Her sloppy blowjob was slurping saliva all over my crotch, as she quickened her neck motion, shoving my cock to the back of her throat. 

"Ohhh suck me bitch," I said. She continued sucking and stroking. I soon was feeling that old feeling again. I decided not to say anything. I came in her mouth, but it wasn't very much, and she swallowed it all without hesitation. She stood back up. I decided to take her down to the showers. I led her down to the showers where the three guys were still taking turns on Vanessa. 

"Hey guys here's another one," I said. She ran down to the end of the shower, and went right to work sucking off one of the guys. 

I returned to the Hotel, to find two girls passed out in the bathtub. Maybe passed out isn't right, they were asleep, in each others arms, Holly and Lindsey. I decided to take a shower, across from the tub in the bathroom. I must have woken up the duo, because I could hear muffled voices, and could see shadows through the cloudy shower door. Then suddenly the shower door slid open, I expected Holly, but instead met Lindsey. 

"Hi I'm Lindsey," she said, reaching her hand out as to shake hands, but my right hand was holding a bottle of shampoo, and at my hesitation, the naked Lindsey, reached to my limp cock and shook it. 

"John," I said. "You about done… John?" she said. 

"Ya I'll be done in a second." I finished shampooing my short hair, under a watchful eye, then stepped out of the shower, leaving Lindsey to herself. I stepped into the bedroom, where Holly, naked, was sitting waiting for me. 

"Isn't she great," Holly said, in a whisper.

"I guess…how old is she?" I asked. 

"Eighteen," was the response. 

"She's still in high school?" I asked astonished. 

"Ya…she's great, we just get along so well," Holly said. 

"Sounds like a crush," I said. 

The next day was spent doing goofy tourist things, with Lindsey as our guide through LA, as she was a local. The following day was to be spent in the studio. We watched some action on the set, and Lindsey came with us. I was doing some final paperwork. 

I was finished so I went looking for Holly. I waited outside the Women's dressing room for another five minutes. Finally giving up I entered the Dressing room, which was by no means against the rules, these girls didn't mind an audience. I looked for Holly, but found three pornstars, doing their makeup for an upcoming session. I found Holly and Lindsey in the Shower room, which was identical to the men's. They were locked in a sixty nine, on the shower floor, with two shower heads raining on them steamy water, that glistened and splashed on both of their bodies. Holly was on top, I walked over, shedding my clothes in the process, stroking myself to get ready, and then got down to my knees and placed my cock at the entrance to Holly's now cleanshaven pussy. Lindsey continued licking and lapping at Holly pussy and clit. I shoved my cock into her pussy, which was wet with juices and saliva. Lindsey continued her licking, which now included the shaft of my cock as it penetrated Holly hot wet dripping pussy. I continued to fuck her as she moaned into Lindsey's pussy. Lindsey came with some short fast screams. "oh oh oh," she repeated rapidly, and after her orgasm subsided, she went back to work on Holly's pussy which I was still fucking. Holly orgasmed next, which sent juices down to Lindsey's tongue.

"You girls ready to go now?" I asked. The only response I received was some panting. 

Part 14 : New Places, New Faces

It was the end of July, and that meant that the lease on my apartment was about to expire. Holly and I had without discussion come to a mutual conclusion that we would be living together, and with our sudden inflow of money, we would be moving up. We had planned to come back to go apartment hunting, but since we now had incredible amount of money, it was no longer necessary to find the affordable apartment, which meant shopping became much easier. Holly had decided to stay in LA for another week, she and Lindsey had become close friends if not more. The morning of my flight home, I asked Holly a few questions. 

"Babe, what about sex while we're apart?" I asked.

"I've thought about it, and I think you should do whatever you want, as long as your careful, I'm sure Stephanie is in need of some attention," Holly said.

"What about you?" I asked.

"Well, Lindsey and I can probably take care of each other."

"I know we've never really set down any ground rules, and it seems to be holding us back, so let's just say this. The only rules are, be safe, how's that," I said.

"I've been thinking the same thing, I just didn't want to ask if I can fuck other men, well, at least not before you asked if you can fuck other women," she said, smirking.

"Well, as long as we both know what's going on, then it should be fine, you know I love you, I know you love me, sex is just sex." I said.

"I love you babe," Holly replied.

"I got to get going."

I hadn't packed my suitcase, I had waited until about ten minutes before I had to leave, procrastination is the strongest form of motivation. So I stuffed as much as I could into my suitcase, and checked my mp3 player was charged, before leaving the room, walking to the elevator, hailing a taxi, and going to the airport. And just think a year ago I was living at home, now I'm 19 and my parents think I'm working all summer at home, they only call my cell phone, they can't tell the difference. The fact had occurred to me that I hadn't told my parents that I was doing porn, before it just seemed like I was just doing it, but they don't know and it seems to me like I'm hiding it. I hadn't made a real conscious effort to lie to them, I just didn't feel like telling them. I guess I'll think about that later, I thought, riding in the cab. 

On the plane, cruising at altitude, the cabin was sleepy, for the passengers were tired from such an early flight, and anticipation of a long flight. It was almost eerily quiet. I too was trying to sleep, knowing I couldn't, but in a vain attempt putting on my headphones, and closing my eyes. I have always found that familiar music will help me sleep better than just silence. I, being a nineteen year old, was into the music of just the past few years, and being a rock fan, I was listening to my favorite album, Lateralus by Tool, but having heard it so many times in recent memory, I searched through my library of songs on my mp3 player, and decided on some classics, things that my generation seem to have forgotten. The music in question is that of The Beatles, The Doors, and Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, Cream, and so on. I must have had my music playing a bit too loud, when I was taken out of my near slumber by a voice in my ear. "Do you like The Doors?" I heard a feminine voice say, as I opened my eyes.

I saw a woman, she had been sitting next to me, but we hadn't spoken since the instinctive Hellos we exchanged before takeoff. 

"Yeah, I think people my age seem to forget the classics," I said. The woman looked to be in her forties, maybe older, but she was beautiful. Her light brown hair resting on the side of her face, as she was turned looking at me, she seemed to glow, her age just made her seem experienced and having character. 

"Hmm, Classics, doesn't seem that long ago to me," she said. "Oh were you a teenager in the sixties" I asked. 

"Just barely," she replied. 

"So are you a Doors fan?" I asked her. 

"Yes, many others too, it was a different time then, it wasn't about the music. They had higher things in mind," she said.

"Are you on a business trip…or," I asked.

"Yes," She told me about the company she worked for, and what she did. "So what do you do young man?" she asked me. 

"Well I'm a student," I said without thinking, "Well, and I kind of have other things on the side."

"Like what?" she asked. Now I was kind of reluctant, she was a product of the sixties which to me says free spirit and such, but she could also turn into the grandmother and scorn me, and I'd rather not sit next to miss "I'll wash your mouth with soap" the rest of the way. 

"I'm, well, in the adult industry" I said, almost whispering. 

"Really?" she said, perking up at that. "Are you a filmmaker?" she asked. 

"Well, yes, but I'm also in the films too," I said. 

"Oh a real versatile man I see," she said.

"Do you have a girlfriend, mister filmmaker?" she asked.

"Yes, her name is Holly," I said. 

"That's nice," she said, which caught my attention, because asking me that, she seemed to be coming on to me, and with the response, she seemed to be pulling back. 

"But, we aren't exclusive or anything,…actually she's staying in LA with her girlfriend for a few weeks," I said.

"Really?" she said. Now I know she's coming on to me, the question is whether or not anything will come of it, I'm thinking that we'll keep flirting the rest of the way, but I think I can intervene.

"I'm sorry I haven't caught your name, I'm John," I said.

"I'm so sorry, my name is Kate," she said. 

I was feeling bold. "Is there a Mr. Kate, Miss Kate?" I asked. 

"There used to be," She replied.

"Oh I'm sorry, did he, did he pass.." I asked quietly. 

"No he found a younger wife," she replied, her blue eyes staring into mine. She was wearing typical forty year old woman clothes, conservative yet the feminine body was still there. "Maybe I can contribute some experience to today's young filmmaker," she said, rising and walking back through the aisle toward the lavatory. 

I stood outside the door, just pondering opening the door. I tapped lightly on the plastic frame. The door immediately opened, and Kate just stood back waiting for me to enter. I stepped in, closing the door behind me. We were now in the cramped room. Kate maneuvered me around, I was letting her take control, till I was sitting on the lid of the toilet seat. She got down on her knees, between my legs, and reached for my zipper. She pulled out my barely erect cock. She pulled my jeans and boxers down to my knees. Kate dove right in, using her lips tongue cheeks, hands and every inch of her mouth to give one of the best blowjobs I've ever had. It was as if she was a master craftsman doing her work after a leave of absence. Her up and down strokes led her tongue on a tour of my cock, and her cheeks would scrape my head, as she licked and stroked my cock. The wet blowjob was pure heaven. She showed no signs of stopping. Stroking sucking licking, playing with my balls. She was a pro. I could feel my balls tightening. "I'm close" I said, providing the courtesy. She just kept sucking. I blasted straight into her mouth, wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure deposited in her waiting mouth, and she swallowed every drop. "Does that measure up to the porn stars of the day?" she asked.

"I think you should teach a class," I said. 

"Your turn," I said. Kate and I did the cramped bathroom shuffle until she was sitting on the top of the toilet seat and I was on my knees between her legs. Removing her long pants, revealing her plain white panties. I pulled her panties free from her hips, her pale untanned skin was almost milky, she obviously spent a lot of time in the office. Her pussy was dripping wet, and completely unshaven. Her pubic hair hiding her pussy from being easily seen. She was filling the room with her womanly aroma, her pussy was dripping wet without having been touched. 

"Has it been a long time?" I asked. 

"Long enough," Kate replied. I decided to let her wait, instead paying attention to her tits, which I now removed her bra from. Her fortyish figure included c-cup breasts that sagged, but not terribly so. They were still attractive, especially when I squeezed them in my hands. They were very soft.

I wanted to take my time, teasing her, but she had other plans. Kate shoved my face into her crotch. I obliged her 'request', by sucking on her clit, and fingerfucking her amazingly wet pussy. Her immediate reaction was to arch her back, pushing my face harder into her pussy, and to yell at the top of her lungs "YESS." I know just about everyone on the plane had to have heard it. I continued to finger her and suck her clit. I took my other hand, dipped it in her pussy, lubing it, and then massaged one finger into her ass. Faster and faster I pushed two fingers in and out of her wet pussy, and sucking and licking her wet clit. "Ohh yes ohh yes," she kept repeating through her clenched teeth, and rapid breaths. Normally I would have just continued until she came, this is my 'protocol' with Holly in a situation like this. For some reason, probably because she hadn't had sex in a long time, I felt like Kate needed to get filled. My cock was almost at full attention.
