 Previously... Bob and Tina, and their good friends Jim and Michelle, were just too damn broke to go away anywhere this summer, so they all decided to stay close to home and hang out. It wasn't all bad especially since, in separate incidents while at Bob and Tina's pool, Tina and Michelle each had a wardrobe malfunction right in front of the other's husband.

Tina's a curvy woman, with fairly large breasts that have barely begun to sag. Michelle, her old college roommate, was built very differently: petite, with tiny breasts, but big, hard nipples. While they were all watching a steamy movie in Jim and Michelle's basement, cuddling turned to touching, touching turned to groping, and before long the couples were making love in plain sight of one another.

No, not making love. They were fucking — good and hard and noisily.

When it was all over, Tina said to Michelle, "I won."

*

"I won," Tina said

"What do you mean you won?" I asked.

"I won, Bob, because I made you cum before Jim did."

"You had this all planned?" Jim asked.

"Well," Michelle said, with a grin, "you guys said we should think about interesting things we could do around the house. Didn't this count as interesting?"

Remember, as we were having this conversation, the girls were still standing in front of us topless.

"Um..." I said. Something about four beautiful breasts was interfering with my power of speech.

"We started working up the nerve for this yesterday," Tina said. "You guys see anything interesting yesterday?'

Jim and I looked at one another sheepishly, and the girls both giggled. "We'd better go clean up," Tina said, and they both scooped up their clothing and headed for the bathroom.

"So..." Jim said.

"So," I repeated.

"Would it be out of line if I said Tina has great boobs?"

"Not at all. If it's okay for me to say I like Michelle's too."

"Are we both okay with this?"

"I guess so," I said. "But Jim?"

"Yeah?"

"Put your fucking pants back on already. I don't want to look at that thing all night, okay?"

#

When the girls came back into the room they were fully dressed, of course, but clearly Tina had left her bra behind again. "We still never finished the movie," Michelle said to Jim. "Put it back to where we stopped watching, the fight scene."

Jim rewound to the start of the fight."I warn you, though... I don't know about Bob, but I don't think my little man will be ready for an encore any time soon."

"That's what we were counting on," Michelle said, and dropped down on the couch next to me and Tina sat next to Jim.

"What's going on?" I asked.

"Shh," Michelle said. "We're just watching a movie."

On the big television screen, the two women were tearing at one another's clothing again. Michelle was leaning against me, and I was sitting awkwardly with my right hand leaning against the table next to the popcorn bowl, and my right hand on my lap. "We'll both be a lot comfortable if you put your arm around me," Michelle said. "It's okay, I trust you."

I looked over and saw that Jim had his right arm draped tentatively around my wife's shoulder, so I put my arm around Michelle. She smiled, and snuggled into me. It felt strange, having my arm wrapped around a much smaller woman, and the fact that the women on the screen had their faces in one another's pussies wasn't helping matters. Think clean thoughts, I told myself, and then realized I could look right down the top of Michelle's shirt and see both of her hard nipples.

She noticed me looking. Busted, I thought. Instead of taking offense, she leaned her head close to my ear and whispered "Do you like my little titties?"

"I do," I whispered back.

"If you accidentally brushed your hand against them, I wouldn't mind."

Catching a peek was one thing, but was this a line I wanted to cross? Well sure, I wanted to, desperately, but would I regret it?

I glanced over at Jim and Tina. They were sitting close together his arm around her shoulder, but there was no funny business going on. "I'd love to," I whispered, looking down her shirt again as I pressed my mouth almost to her ear, "but I'd better not."

She turned her head quickly, and brushed her lips against mine. "Hey," Tina shouted, almost immediately, "how come she gets kissed and I don't?"

"What?" I stammered. "I wasn't. We weren't."

Ignoring me, Tina leaned forward and kissed a surprised Jim. After a moment, he put both arms around and and pulled her closer, giving her far more than a neighborly kiss.

I took Michelle in my arms and kissed her at least as good as my wife was getting. I felt her tongue moving into my mouth, and ran my own tongue across it. I moved my right hand in between our bodies and rubbed her hard left nipple. Even with our lips locked together, I felt her moan.

On the other couch, Jim was doing me one better, slipping his hand under Tina's short shirt, reaching for one of her breasts.

I pulled away from Michelle, grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt, and pulled it over her head. Then I put my mouth on one of her nipples and sucked on it. She gave a little shriek, the same sound she'd made when Jim was fucking her not long ago, and I realized I'd made our friend and neighbor cum.

Had I gone too far? Had I screwed up our friendship, my marriage, or both?

Apparently not. On the other couch Tina was naked from the waist up, sitting on Jim's lap, and kissing and dry-humping him. I could tell she was on the verge of an orgasm herself.

Michelle growled softly at the sight of them, lifted up her short skirt, and climbed onto my lap, grinding her pussy into my hard cock. If I hadn't fucked Tina less than ten minutes earlier, I'd have cum in my pants within seconds. As it was, my lightweight shorts were no match for my erection, and I could feel the folds of Michelle's pussy through her panties.

Jim was leaning backwards now, kneading Tina's large breasts while she bounced up and down on his cock as if she were fucking him. I realized that for all I knew, Jim's cock could have been out of his shorts, hidden by Tina's skirt, and maybe he was fucking her — and I realized I didn't really care. I actually hoped he was, so I could sink my hard cock deep into Michelle's pussy.

Tina came loudly, and Michelle reacted by grinding her pussy even harder into my lap, cumming again.

Our wives climbed off our laps and laid down on the couches next to us, flushed, happy and content (and I noticed that Jim's pants were, in fact, still intact). Nobody said anything for a few minutes, until finally Tina said, "Bob won again."

"He certainly did," Michelle said.

"What," I said, "we had another competition going on that Jim and I didn't know about?"

"You made me cum before Jim made Tina cum," Michelle said.

"Not that I had any complaints," Tina told Jim.

"And now you get your prize," Michelle said. "A kiss."

"A kiss?" I asked, more than a little confused.

"A very special kiss," Michelle said. "Stand up."

I stood up, and Michelle grabbed the waistband of my shorts and yanked down my shorts and my underwear in one pull. My cock was pointing straight out, not surprisingly, and she brought her lips to the head of my cock and gave it a light kiss. "A kiss," she repeated.

"Nice," I said.

"Maybe one more," she said, taking the head of my cock in her mouth and giving it a gentle suck as she kissed it again.

"Oh god," I said, my knees feeling weak. "Please. Please don't stop."

She let my hard cock drop out of her mouth. "Sorry, that's not on the game plan today." She backed away, and Tina quickly took her place in front of me, sliding my cock deep into her mouth and sucking it hard. Michelle moved over to her husband, took down his pants and underwear, and began sucking his cock enthusiastically.

Jim and I seemed to have the same thought at the same time: we eased ourselves and our wives to the carpeted floor, pulled off their panties, and buried our mouths in their pussies. As I tasted Tina's juices — and she was plenty wet — I couldn't help wondering what Michelle tasted like, and I think that thought made my cock even harder than it already was. I began fucking Tina's mouth, which usually makes her gag, but tonight it seemed as if nothing could stop her sucking. I brought her to orgasm twice, and it sounded as if Michelle came twice as well, and finally I shot a load down Tina's throat that probably surprised both of us, considering how hard I'd come not so long before.

I rolled over on my back, exhausted, thinking that at that point, nothing on earth could have brought my cock back to life.

But it did stir a bit when I suddenly realized what Michelle had said when I was hoping she'd keep sucking it: "That's not on the game plan today."