 I recently met the man of my dreams. Tall, dark, handsome, devastating smile, quick wit, drives a Maserati convertible and runs his own business- only problem is that he's engaged to Claire, my best friend! 

She's a sales rep and called to see his company. A month later and they are engaged with a wedding date set. I was like a tongue tied virgin when we were introduced; I mean he's seriously gorgeous! Not having a boyfriend of my own at the moment probably made it worse and I found myself daydreaming about Brian, wishing I was Claire. What made it worse was a drunken conversation we had when she told me that not only did he have all the other things going for him but he also had a huge cock! "Honestly Stella," she said blushing and giggling "He's massive! The first time I saw it I was part excited, part terrified, it's like a baby's arm holding an orange. I didn't think he'd ever get it in and when he did I didn't want him to ever take it out! I could hardly walk the following morning, he goes on for hours, he is insatiable!"

Well that was it. From daydreams of walking down the aisle with him to long nights of endless masturbation, eyes firmly closed and my fingers deep in my pussy imagining all the filthy things Brian and his huge cock would do to me. I even bought a new, supersized, Rampant Rabbit which I nicknamed 'Brian' and spent countless evenings with it deep inside me having orgasm after orgasm. He was all I could think about, I didn't look at other men (well, I did try. I let myself get picked up by a guy in a bar because I thought a good fuck would shake my obsession but the guy just didn't match up to my dreams of sex with Brian and I left his place disappointed and still horny)

As matron of honour I was heavily involved in the planning and as the wedding day got closer and closer I spent more time with Claire and Brian and I could tell that he was beginning to notice me. To be honest he would have to be blind not to have noticed. Claire is tall and blonde with a slim boyish figure whereas I'm the opposite. Short, dark and curvy with a 34e bust that I make the most of. I could see him looking at my tits when he thought I wasn't paying attention but I'm so used to it that I can almost feel someone's eyes on me. This of course only made my obsession worse and although Claire is my best friend and I have known her all my life I was in no doubt that if the opportunity arose I was going to fuck her fiancé into the middle of next week. 

The week before the wedding Claire and I were in town shopping for lingerie for the big day. We had lunch, a few drinks and bought loads of stuff so she called Brian and asked him to pick us up. Obviously, as the shops were still open we just had to go into a few more much to Brian's annoyance. He perked up a bit when Claire suggested a couple more underwear shops and I couldn't help noticing that in the first one he positioned himself so that he could see the changing room I was in. The next one we went into I made sure that I was closest to the shop side and Claire was all the way at the back with the assistant. Brian once more positioned himself so he could see my cubicle and his face was a picture when I pulled the curtain open enough for him to see me take off my top followed by my bra. His ever were glued to my tits and I could feel my nipples getting bigger and harder as he stared at them. Cupping my breast in my hands I lifted them up, offering them to him and then did something that has turned on every man I have ever known. I lifted my left boob higher and sucked the swollen nipple deep into my mouth. Looking up I could see a wolfish grin on his face and I was about to do the same to my other throbbing nipple when the assistant came into view. I hurriedly closed the curtain and dressed. Claire was chatting excitedly about her purchases as we made our way back to Brian's car but I was hardly listening. All I could think of was the sticky wet feeling between my legs, my racing pulse and the lust in Brian's eyes when he was looking at my naked tits. 

By unspoken agreement Brian and I managed to ensure that we dropped Claire off first at her mothers house, Brain would then take me home and then join her. Parked outside my flat the tension in the car was electric. He turned to say something but I didn't give him the chance, my lips were glued to him and my tongue was half way down his throat in a flash. He wasted no time in responding enthusiastically and was soon mauling my big tits. I felt a button on my blouse pop as he forced his hand inside my blouse and under my bra. His fingers found a hard nipple and began to squeeze "You really want it don't you?" he muttered. I don't know what would have happened but his mobile went. It was Claire telling him to hurry up. With a wry smile he let me out of the car, whispering "Maybe another time." as he gave my boobs a last grope.

I staggered into the flat and dropped my bags onto the floor, leaning back against the door my legs were like jelly. There was a roaring sound as the blood pounded in my head. I felt dizzy and sick and more turned on than I had ever been before in my life. Closing my eyes I could still feel his hands on me, taste his lips, and smell his aftershave. I don't know how long I stood there in my rapture - seconds, minuets, hours, I don't know - but suddenly I knew what I needed and I lurched towards the bedroom pulling my clothes off along the way. Blouse and bra were soon gone, my skirt I just pulled up so I could get my sodden knickers off as my shaking hands found my other Brian, my plastic surrogate Brian. Flopping back onto the bed I spread my legs obscenely wide and with two hands buried 'Brian' deep inside my dripping cunt.

As a titanic orgasm broke over me I almost believed that it was the real Brian stretching me, thrusting and twisting remorselessly inside me, I could almost feel his breath on my face, feel his heart beating against mine, feel his skin getting slick with sweat as he fucked me. A second orgasm followed the first and I was on autopilot as I turned the toy to it's highest setting, feeling the thrusting and twisting turning my pussy to jelly as I clamped my thighs tight around it and began pulling and twisting my throbbing nipples, my mind racing as I thought of all the things we would do together.

At some point I must have turned off "Brian" and fallen asleep, because waking with a start a while later the sun had gone down and I was lying naked on my bed. In my half awake state I almost believed for a second that the real Brian had been there with me, that the wet patch was our fluids, not just mine. Then I felt the toy snuggled up against my thigh and I remembered what had happened. With a deep sigh I got up and went to the bathroom, used the loo and thought about having a shower. Even though it had only been his hands that had touched me I didn't want the memory to fade too quickly so I just wrapped myself in my soft white robe and went into the kitchen where I poured myself a huge glass of wine before snuggling down onto my sofa. As I sipped my wine and reflected on the day I knew I was going to have the real Brian's cock soon or die in the attempt. 

My mobile was lying on the floor along with most of the contents of my handbag, cast aside in my haste to get to the bedroom and I could see that there was a message. It was from Claire thanking me for all my help with her shopping and reminding me that there was only one week to go and that she would see me again on Wednesday for drinks along with her other close friends. And then it struck me. If there was one night when Claire would be out of the way and wouldn't ask where Brian was it would be on Thursday, he was doing exactly the same with his friends.

Quickly flicking through my contacts I found the number I was looking for. Wes was Brian's best mate and best man and had organised the stag weekend they had spent in Amsterdam. He had told me that they would still be having a 'bit of a party' in the week before the wedding in Brian's local as "It's traditional, and anyway, any excuse!" I had met Wes quite a few times and he was very similar to Brian, in both looks and personality. If Brian was a '10' then Wes was an '8' going on for '9' and I felt sure that he would leap at the suggestion I was going to make.

He answered after a couple of rings and after the usual pleasantries I asked about Thursday night. He said that it was going to be fairly quiet, just half a dozen of them having a few beers and them maybe going for a curry. I said that I thought that Brian deserved a little more on his last night of freedom. Wes was a little put out by this and started to sound defensive, explaining that they had been to Amsterdam and that it was work the next day etc...

"Anyway, have you got any better ideas then?" he asked.

"How about a stripper?" I said.

Wes laughed "Oh he'd love that but Claire would go mad if she found out!"

"She doesn't have to find out." I said "There are only a few of you, all close mates and I know that The George (Brian's local) has a small function room upstairs, you could use that."

There was a silence before he conceded that it was possible and that it would be a great surprise and that Brian would love it. Then the obvious objection.

"Where am I going to get a stripper at such short notice, it would have to be someone decent, not some desperate housewife toping up her bingo money."

I then took the deepest breath I have ever taken before saying, as casually as I could.

"I'll do it."

"You!" he exploded. "You'll do it? Really? Come off it Stella, you don't strip in your spare time do you?"

"No, but as it's such a special occasion I would. I have always wanted to do it so for one night only I'm offering you Stella the stripper. What do you say?"

There was silence again before he replied.

"Well it would be fantastic but how do I know you will go through with it? You might just be winding me up, if I arrange the room and get everyone in there and nothing happens I'm going to look a right prat."

I thought he would say something like that and I had thought of a way to convince him I was serious. "Where are you?" I asked.

"At home."

"Alone?"

"Yes."

"OK then, this should help to convince you I'm serious." I said. "Give me a moment."

I pulled the belt of my robe loose and shrugged it off my shoulders. I folded my left arm under my tits so they were lifted up and my nipples were sticking out and using my phone I took a picture. In a moment I had sent Wes a snap of my ample boobs proudly supported by my slim arm. In the picture I looked excited and wonton. If that didn't convince him them nothing would.

There was a pause then his exclamation.

"Fuckin hell!!"

"Convinced now?" I said.

"Bloody hell Stella, your serious aren't you? OK, I'll set it up. What time are you going to get there?"

We had a chat then about the details, me insisting that he kept it to just a few close friends and that he must be able to lock the door to stop strangers from getting in and agreed that I'd be there at 2100 for my one-off performance before hanging up. I was in the kitchen getting another glass of wine when I heard the bleep that told me that I had a message on my phone. Picking it up I saw that it was from Wes.I opened it and read the message 'Look what you have done to me.' along with an attachment. I opened it and was greeted by the sight of an erect cock! Not just a cock though but a bloody big one! 

I thought about what I should wear and decided against fancy dress as being too complicated and instead took myself off to Primark and bought a pair of lace topped fishnet holdup stockings, a bright red bra and matching thong, a tight short pleated skirt and a white blouse that I could tie under my boobs and a school tie. A sort of St Trinnians look. When I got home that night I tried them on. The undies were slightly too small which meant that my boobs were pushed up even more than usual and the color of my bra, as I hoped, was visible through the blouse. The skirt didn't cover the tops of the stockings and almost showed my knickers when I walked. I tied my hair in two bunches, put on some dark eye makeup and painted my nails a bright red to match the undies. Lots of red lipstick completed the look - a very slutty look! I had spent £20 but to be honest I looked cheaper than that which was exactly what I was aiming for. I thought I'd better have some music so 'I want your sex' by George Michael seemed blatant enough. I played it on my phone as I practiced some 'stripper' moves in front of the mirror, slowly taking off my outfit until I was naked - and wet!

Falling back onto my bed I fumbled in my draw for 'Brian' my own 'Brian' and as I watched myself in the wardrobe mirror inching the big toy up my hot wet hole I thought how good the real Brian was going to feel. The next few night followed the same pattern, a practice of my strip routine followed by a long slow session with my sex toys as I dreamt of the real Brian abusing my body.

Wednesday night with Claire was difficult, it was hard to look her in the eye when I intended to have her fiancés big cock in me the following night. She must have told a few others about his size because there were lots of ribald comments about her 'not walking straight after her wedding night' and she confided in me, after her third bottle of prosecco, that Brian had been 'totally rampant since Saturday, he wants it all the time'. She thought it was because she had been buying sexy lingerie but I thought it was more because he'd had a good look and feel of my tits and was hoping for more...

I didn't drink too much on Wednesday night and after a fitful night's sleep I woke up nervous and excited at what was to come. I could barely concentrate at work and blamed a non-existent hangover and left early. I had a luxurious soak in a heavily scented bath and shaved everything below my eyebrows until it was baby smooth. I tried not to touch myself, I really tried but rubbing lotion into my legs and then smooth pussy was too much for me and the gentlest touch was enough to bring me to a shattering orgasm. I really should have been scared and nervous but I'm naturally confident and the excitement far outweighed the nerves. I was really thinking about Brian but obviously I was intending to have sex with him while five or six of his friends watched. That would be something new (I have never even had a threesome before) and if I'm honest it just excited me more!

As arranged, Wes came to pick me up at 1900 and we shared a taxi to the pub. We managed to sneak me in the back entrance and I went up the small function room, changing in the small kitchen area out of sight. It wasn't a big room but had a small stage about 2 feet high at one end. A large pile of old curtains lay neatly folded at one end as evidence of its use for amateur dramatics at some point in the past. Wes came to check on me (probably to make sure that I hadn't done a runner) and brought me a bottle of wine. I drank about half of it as we chatted, his eyes out on stalks at my outfit never leaving my tits and legs. We had been texting back and forth since he agreed to help me and had a nice way with words making me laugh all the time. Now I'd had the chance to spend some time chatting I realised that he was pretty good looking too and when he leaned in for what he thought would be a kiss on the cheek he got a full blown tongue down his throat snog for his trouble!

Wes went to fetch Brian and the guys and I placed a chair on the stage with the others facing. The other four were the ushers at the wedding, close friends that were either married or had girlfriends. They had been told there was a stripper but not who it was and had agreed to give Wes their mobiles to avoid any temptation to take pictures. This was to be our secret, it was in no one's interests to have the story come out at any time. The plan was to have them sit down and then I'd come on - after Wes had locked the door!

I heard them come in, lots of laughing and the sound of bottles clinking together. I peeked out and there was Brian looking as gorgeous as ever along with Wes and four others that I knew by sight. Perfect!

Once they were sitting down Wes started the music and I flung open the door and strutted out onto the stage to a collective gasp and roar of approval. The look on Brian's face was a picture, talk about the cat that got the cream, he clearly had an idea what was about to happen. I shimmied up and down the stage shaking my tits around before stopping in front of Brian and pointing to him. I crooked my finger and he got onto the stage whereupon I pushed him down onto the chair. I danced around him for a moment before kneeling in front of him and slowly taking off my tie, making sure he got a good look at the huge cleavage the too small bra gave my 34e bust. Getting to my feet I went behind him and with a flourish tied his two wrists together. Now I'm sure that you will have seen a stripper at some point and I'm sure that she was better than I was...but I did my best and I'm pretty sure that by the time I was down to my bra and panties there wasn't a soft cock in the house. The bra came off with a flourish and I made great show of tweaking and then sucking my throbbing nipples. Now lying on the floor with my legs spread wide the panties were pulled and stroked in every direction before I simply ripped the sides and pulled them off before throwing them at Brian. Cue thunderous applause which continued as I spread the lips of my pussy wide and inserted one, then two and finally three finger deep into my sopping wet hole.

I got up and sat on Brian's lap and rubbed my body all over him, fed my nipples into his mouth, smothered his face with my tits and made him suck the pussy juice off my fingers. As I was giving him a deep sexy kiss I undid his belt and pulled down his zip. Hauling him to his feet I pulled his jeans and boxers down and helped him kick off his shoes...and that's when I saw it. Well, it almost had my eye out to be honest! Claire hadn't been wrong, he was BIG! I sank to my knees and wrapped both hands around the shaft, marveling at how thick and hard he was before greedily sucking as much into my mouth as I could. God it was amazing. I have been sucking cock for a long time but nothing like this. I could feel my pulse racing and I'm sure my pussy was dripping onto the floor I was that excited. 

I wanked and sucked him for what seemed ages, my jaw was aching and my knees were sore, before I started to feel him tense as if he was going to cum. Not wanting to waste it I reached around and untied his hands before pulling him down...it was a blur really but I got him on his back and swung my leg over him so that his huge knob was pushing against my pussy. I almost fainted as I sank down onto his mighty shaft. My hands were on his chest and his were on my tits as I squirmed and pushed to get it all inside me...and I did it...and the squirming and pushing was enough to trigger the orgasm of all orgasms in me...if I thought that my plastic 'Brian' was good then the real thing was 100 times better...I swear I must have fainted as the next thing I knew Brian was driving his monster cock up into me and I had a hand on two other cocks.

I must admit that I hadn't really given much thought to the 'audience', my focus had been on Brian. I had obviously heard them encouraging my strip and cheering as things came off but that they would want to join in hadn't really crossed my mind. I thought that I could trust Wes to keep them in check but that notion faded when a large cock was pressed against my lips and I saw that it belonged to a grinning Wes. With the situation pretty much out of my control I waited for Brian to fill me with spunk and wanked and sucked like a professional. The two in my hands came all over my tits and were replaced by two more. Wes finally filled my mouth with his salty spunk and then at long last Brian exploded in me triggering off another titanic orgasm as the remaining cocks sprayed all over me. I was lifted off Brian and placed on the pile of curtains on my back, I could feel Brian's thick spunk leaking out of me before one of the other guys (Pete?) spread my legs wide and drove his cock hard into me. I looked over his shoulder and saw Wes looking concerned but I just nodded, smiled and wrapped my legs around Pete and let him fuck me...truth be told after Brian's monster I couldn't feel Pete that much but he seemed to enjoy himself mauling my tits and fucking me at a furious pace until he pulled out and wanked another load over my tits. 
