 Angel & Melanie were best friends growing up. They did everything together. That's what she told him. He had been dating Angel for a few months now, and they were getting pretty serious. When she said that she wanted him to meet her friend Melanie, he was looking forward to it. He had heard all sorts of stories about the two of them. Grade school antics, dance recitals, junior high, cheerleading, gymnastics, High school, they even applied and attended the same college. Angela told him that they were inseparable and shared everything.

Angela made arrangements to go to Melanie's house in South Beach for that weekend. They drove up after work on Friday and arrived early evening. When Erik picked Angela up at her house, his jaw dropped. She was naturally beautiful, long auburn hair, lovely green eyes, and a trim athletic build. A Julia Roberts look alike. She made friends as easily as breathing, she was friendly, witty, intelligent, and her smile lit up everything around her. She was wearing a dark green halter, with a matching mini skirt. She looked awesome!! She looked at him and smiled, it was going to be an interesting drive.

On the way to Melanie's, he was treated to a peep show. Angela had cranked up the radio to one of her favorite Sarah McLaughlin songs. Then slowly pulled her skirt up, revealing that she had seemingly forgotten where she kept her undies. She teases him by drawing her index finger seductively into her mouth, making sure he sees how much she lingers on sucking the digit. Then as she withdraws it, he can see the sheen of salivaas she places it down between her legs and circles her clit with it. She arches her back as if hit by an electric current. But she doesn't stop there. After rubbing herself slowly, she then inserts the first finger inside herself.

He is jarred back to reality by a blaring car horn as he steers back into his own lane. Angela giggles at him. He is now attempting to focus on his driving but is distracted by her moans and groans as she pleasures herself. He quickly glances towards her - he now sees not only one finger but 3 jammed into her hot young pussy. She is working herself into a lather and he can tell by the volume that she is close to cumming. She has one hand under her halter pulling on her erect nipples as her hand continues its steady rhythm. He loves watching her masturbate, he reaches down to his pants and feels himself. His hard cock trying to burst through his pants. She moans louder and he can see that she has succeeded in cumming all over her hand. She looks at him with lust in her eyes. She looks down to where his hand is filled with his meat. She climbs over to him. 

Kissing him passionately as her hand replaces his. His gently squeezes him, making him groan with pleasure. She shimmies down to lay flat on the seat. She undoes his pants and pulls out her prize. The cool air hits his hot cock seconds before she engulfs his head. Sucking it hard into her mouth. He lays his hand on the back of her head, stroking her hair as she bobs up and down on him. He reaches down with his other hand to adjust the seat back to its furthest setting. As she blows him he reaches over and grabs an ass cheek, squeezing it for play before he feels for her crack. She lets him dip a fingertip into her hot wet cunt, he feels the wet walls of her pussy, and feels her squirm under him. She pulls his balls out and sucks them into her mouth, stroking his shaft as she does. He pulls his hand out from her and licks his fingers clean.

After watching her show and feeling her fuck his dick with her mouth, he knows he can't last much longer. He slows the car down and pulls to the far right lane as he explodes in her mouth. She sucks him in greedily, taking his cum in her mouth. When he is done, she pulls away and looks up at him with that sexy smirk that makes him shiver. She tucks him back into his pants. Then lays back into her own seat as if nothing had just happened.

She looks at the highway and says that her exit is coming up soon.

When they arrive, a gorgeous young girl comes bounding out of the house. She seems to be about 5'6", to Angela's 5'10", with blonde hair longer than Angela's, wearing a sundress that does little to hide anything. It's clear that she has nothing on under it and Angela has noticed, but says nothing. She hugs her friend close and he can tell she is very glad to see her. As they part from the hug both girls' nipples are visible thru their tops. Melanie turns to him and says, "You must be Erik, I've heard so many nice things about you," as she embraces him.

Erik can feel the young girls breast compress against his chest. The hug was a little longer than what he expected for a first time greeting, but he enjoyed it. She and Angela turned to head for the house, while he retrieved the overnight bags. He caught them whispering to themselves and giggling like young schoolgirls. Angela caught his eye and smiled at him, even gave him a wink.

They went out to a club Melanie knew of and had a great time. He danced with both girls. They drank, not too much, and ended the night getting a quick bite to eat before making their way home. Angela had showed him the house earlier and Melanie told him to make himself at home. He noticed a sauna in the basement, and whispered to Angela asking if she'd be interested in some steamy fun. She had a wry grin on her face saying that would be fine. They went downstairs after saying goodnight to Melanie.

The sauna was in stand-by mode and took no time at all to steam up. Erik tossed some water on the rocks, and after sizzling, the small chamber steamed up. Inside there were two levels of seating, shaped in an "L". They had removed their clothes before entering, taking some towels left on a rack outside the door. Angela was looking very yummy, and she was sitting on the upper level as he dribbled some more water on the rocks. It was quite steamy in there now; a haze was building at the ceiling. He went to her and she welcomed him, dropping the towel she had wrapped around her. As she enveloped him in her embrace, he stroked her now damp backside, running his hands up and down her back. He was at her neck kissing and roaming his hands to her front. As she leaned back against the wall, he grabbed both breasts in each hand, thumbing her already stiff nipples. 

She arched her back and fed him her tits as she felt below for him; she found his sweating member stiff and ready. She stroked him several times; she could feel him getting slick with sweat. He dropped down to bring his lips in contact with her nipples, sucking them into his mouth, tasting the saltiness on them. The texture of the wrinkled skin turns him on. He enjoys sucking her. He stops momentarily to kiss her lips full hard, entwining tongues, dancing in their mouths. His hands drops to her wet pussy. He feels her open wide for him, he can't tell which are juices and which is sweat. He thinks its time to see what she tastes like. He kneels in front of her; she guides his head down low, where his tongue snakes out and flicks against her engorged clit. She's enjoying the feeling of his mouth on her when the door opens.

Melanie is halfway in before she realizes what's happening. She doesn't leave, she watches her friend's lover expertly licking at her. Melanie's hands slowly work their way to her own bared breasts and she can feel herself become aroused. When they were younger they played and experimented with each other, and those feelings were coming back now. She reached down to touch her own pussy, and could feel it warming up, and it wasn't because of the sauna.

Erik wasn't aware of what was happening but felt a presence pass him by, when Melanie strode up the bench to reach for Angela's tits. The two girls exchanged glances at each other's bodies and Melanie asked, "Is he as good as he looks?"

Angela replied, "Oh yes, he really enjoys eating me."

"Do you think he's willing to share?"

"You'll have to ask him yourself, but I'm sure he won't mind."

Melanie squatted beside Erik as he licked his girlfriend, and asked if he would like some help. He said that she could enjoy Angela herself and he would enjoy her. So as Mel, began licking her friend's cunny, Erik introduced himself to a new pussy. She was well trimmed and had the slightest stripe of hair. And as he spread her lips wide and saw her pink juicy insidehe began licking her in earnest. While he sucked at Melanie, he could hear his girlfriend moaning from the reaming she was getting from her friend. He slid a few fingers inside as he ate her; she was very wet and very tight. His hand was picking up speed as he fucked her with his hand, she was moaning around her friend's puss. She was so excited that she stopped her ministrations on Angela and was breathing quite hard, humping against his face, rubbing her hard clit against his chin. Melanie was overcome with sensations. Angela was now licking Mel's tits and pinching her dark nipples. She came in a flood of juices, covering Erik's face and hands. Sweat coated all of them.

Erik sat back with his hard on pointing straight up and asked Angela to straddle him. As Angela moved towards him, she took him in her hand and guided his sweat-covered dick inside her. She slowly lowered herself onto him, and he helped her. She began riding him and braced herself on the bench as he fucked her hard and steady. Raising his hips for every thrust, he pushed deep with every stroke. Not to be left out, Melanie was in front of them both, her hands simultaneously playing with Angela's tits, and Erik's hanging balls. Melanie brought her hand down to rub Angela's clit as she got it from behind. She rubbed it vigorously from side to side. Angela was moaning loudly, telling Erik -"fuck me, fuck me...oh... yeah, hmmm."

She told them both she was going to cum soon. Melanie continued stroking her friend, urging her to orgasm. Erik would alter between long slow thrusts and quick rapid fire jams. With Melanie playing with his balls he couldn't last too much longer either.

Angela screamed out as she felt herself cum. Oh it felt so good, Erik could feel her juices running down his thigh. That was all he could stand. He pulled out of her and felt himself shooting on her. Jet after jet, and Melanie was there to help him. She stroked his cock as he let loose his cum. Melanie thanked them. She licked her fingers clean and gave both Angela and Erik a kiss. She told them that there were showers just outside, and was looking forward to breakfast.

Angela watched her as she left the sauna; she turned to her boyfriend and asked what he thought. He was still catching his breath when he smiled and said, "She's nice. -Let's keep her!"

*****