 My step-mother has a hot friend named Kay. She comes to our house every Wednesday at noon for their weekly tennis game.

The court is just below my bedroom window. I used to peep out the blinds to watch them play. Both wear white mini-skirts and matching panties that show when they bend over to pick up stray balls.

I love how their hair flops as they dart across the court. Kay has a long, golden mane. My step-mother, Diane, keeps her hair shoulder-length and has her stylist color it red every week.

As Kay and Diane play, they giggle and shower each other with compliments, like "nice serve" or "good return."

They're best friends. But I didn't know how much they really like each other until a few days after my 18th birthday.

On that Wednesday, the doorbell rang a few minutes before noon. I dashed down the steps and lept toward the front door. When I opened it, I saw Kay -- or Mrs. Jameson, as I called her then -- standing on the front porch with a Prince tennis racket in her hand. She smiled and the corners of her bright blue eyes crinkled up.

"Hi, Tyler," she said.

I was agape. I couldn't muster a verbal response. Instead, I stared at the two voluptuous mounds ballooning from her chest. A white sport-bra covered them. Her stomach was flat and tan.

"Aren't you going to ask me in?" she asked.

"Oh, uh, yes, of course," I said.

I stepped aside and caught a glimpse of her ass as she walked through the door. It was petite and bounced neatly when she walked.

"So where's Diane?" she asked.

My mind struggled for words, but none came. A bulge grew in my pants. Kay looked down, saw my giant hump and raised an eyebrow. She leaned into me, and I could feel her minty breath on my lips.

"Do you find me attractive?" she whispered.

My mind raced. I didn't know what to do. Say yes? Kiss her? Strip her clothes off and make passionate love to her right there in the atrium?

My step-mother bounded down the stairs before I could say or do anything.

"Hi Kay," she said in her southern drawl. "I thought I heard you come in. Are you and Tyler having a nice conversation?"

Kay took a step back and turned toward Diane. My step-mother looked great, too. Her tits were a little smaller than Kay's, but perkier -- definitely perkier.

"Oh yes," Kay said.

"Did he tell you about the big event this week?" Diane asked.

"No, what happened?" Kay replied.

"Our little Tyler turned 18," Diane said, winking and smiling at me.

"Congratulations," Kay said to me.

My face got hot and I nodded sheepishly.

"Thank you," I said.

"Well," Diane said. "Shall we play a few sets, then have a few martinis."

"Let's," Kay said.

I watched Kay's ass as she bounced onto the porch and around the corner of the house.

As Diane moved toward the door, her hand brushed against my dick. "Was that intentional?" I thought. "Naw, couldn't have been." Then she dropped her tennis racket on the porch. She slowly bent herself in half , keeping her legs perfectly erect, to pick it up. When Diane stood, she shot a sexy look at me and said, "We'll be back soon."

I rushed to my bedroom window. Hot cum stirred in my loins. I yearned to see Kay and Diane spurt across the court, exposing their luscious thighs and shaking their beautiful breasts

I watched Kay scamper onto the court. She was smiling and seemed anxious to play.

Diane's voice came from the side of the house. I couldn't make out what she was saying. But it made Kay stop, nod and giggle.

"Sounds good to me," Kay said, then jogged toward Diane's voice.

I couldn't believe it!

I laid on my bed and sighed. What I thought was going to be the sexual highlight of my life had been thwarted because Kay and Diane decided to play bridge or sun themselves at the pool or do whatever they were going to do. Whatever the case, it seemed I was out of luck.

I unzipped my pants, grabbed my member and thought of Kay's ass.

The bedroom door flew open. Diane was standing in the hallway with her arm around Kay.

"I thought we might find you doing something like this," Diane said.

My face warmed. "Oh great," I thought as my bare cock sat in my hand, "another embarrassment."

Then Kay finished Diane's sentence.

"So we decided to come up here and help you out," she said.

I sat on the edge of my bed and took off my shirt. Diane and Kay sashayed seductively toward me. They stopped just short of the bed and turned toward each other. Diane planted a kiss on Kay's lips. I slipped my hands up their skirts and felt their silk panties.

Diane and Kay stripped off each other's clothes. It was obvious they wanted each other badly.

I had never seen Diane naked. She was in great shape -- trim and wrinkle-free. The thought of fucking my own step-mother excited me to the point I nearly came. Kay was even sexier than I imagined.

Diane gazed at me and licked her lips as she tweaked Kay's pink, silver-dollar nipples.

"Now I'm going to show you how to eat pussy," Diane said to me.

Kay sprawled herself out on my bed. Diane positioned herself between Kay's legs. She kissed her left thigh, then the right. I played with my cock and watched. Kay moaned.

"Eat my pussy," she said to Diane. "Stick your tongue inside me."

Diane peered at Kay's glistening labia and traced circles around the edge with her fingertips. Kay arched her back and gasped.

"Mmmmm, that's good, isn't it?" Diane said. "You like how I tease you, don't you?"

Diane raised her hand to my face.

"Suck my finger," she said.

I took it deep into my mouth.

When the index finger was sloppy with saliva, Diane extracted it from my mouth and slid it into Kay's meat glove. Diane fingered Kay's hole and lapped at her clit, like a cat does milk. Kay grabbed her own hair and squirmed.

"Oh, that is so fucking good," she howled.

It wasn't long before Kay gushed all over Diane's face. Diane ran her tongue along her upper lip and chin.

"Mmmmm, that your cum tastes good," she said. Now it's time to do something I've been wanting for a long time."

"What's that?" Kay asked, huffing to catch her breath.

"Tyler is going to fuck me doggy-style," Diane said.

Diane kneeled on the edge of the bed. Her head was down and her ass was up.

Kay slid my shorts off of my legs. I stood in front of her, hard as a rock.

"Here's a little warm up for you," she said.

Kay wrapped her lips around the head of my cock and slid down. Her head bobbed for me. Diane cranked her head to watch us and fingered her clit. I felt like blowing my load in Kay's mouth.

"Oh no you don't," Kay said as my body tensed. "You can't cum yet. Go do as your step-mother says."

"Fuck me," Diane said. "Fuck me hard."

I plunged my cock into her moist pussy. We fit together perfectly. Kay stood behind me and pinched my nipples. Her mouth was just above my ear.

"Oh yeah," she said. "You like fucking your step-mother's pussy don't you? Fuck it hard. Fill her with your hot cum."

I could feel the jism bubbling in my balls. My rod slid easily, like a piston in a well-oiled cylinder. As I pounded away, Diane's ass jiggled.

"Pump me full of your cum," she screamed. "I want it all. Every drop in my pussy."

Kay dug her tongue into my ear.

"Shoot it, baby, shoot it," she whispered.

I couldn't hold it. My splooge surged deep into Diane's cunt.

"Oh God," I said.

Diane quivered as her pussy swallowed my cum.

I flopped onto my back on the bed. Diane leaned over and graced me with a passionate wet kiss.

"It's not over," Kay said. "We still have to finish that blowjob."

"Of course," Diane said. "May I join in?"

"Certainly," Kay replied.

My dick restiffened. I stood and the girls kneeled before me. Kay sucked me first as Diane licked my balls. Then they switched and Diane tasted my cock. They traded places like that until I was ready to cum again.

"Who wants it?" I asked.

They looked at each other and said in unison, "We both do."

"Kiss for me," I said.

They tasted each other's tongues as I stroked myself inches from their faces. Cum flew onto their cheeks and dirtied their hair.

Feeling satisfied, we showered and dressed together. We went into the barroom in the basement where Diane mixed two martinis. She handed one to Kay and kept the other for herself.

"Hey, where's mine?" I asked.

"Tyler," she said. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself. You're not old enough to drink."

That was fine with me, because I knew another tennis day was only a week away.