 Lily tossed her purse on the table and sat down on the couch with a sigh. "Finally" she thought to herself as she took off her shoes - this was the end of her third 12-hour day in a row, and she was tired. After taking a moment to collect herself, she got up and walked to the bedroom. Her arms and legs ached as she slid down her pants and pulled her shirt over her head. She removed her bra and let it drop to the floor before running her hands back over her C-cups, enjoying the light touch of her fingers on her sensitive skin. Thanks to long hours at work, longer than usual gym sessions, and friends coming over to keep her company, Lily hadn't had any time to herself since her break up with Kyle almost two weeks ago. She needed to release some of the sexual tension that had been building up in her, and glanced at the drawer where she kept her vibrator. She debated with herself for a second, but her aching feet and legs won out in the end. First, the hot tub to relax her sore muscles, and then she could spend the rest of the night enjoying herself. She peeled off her panties, found her bikini, and pulled it on. She re-tied the bows on her hips, grabbed her towel, and walked barefoot out her back door.

 The apartment complex that Lily lived in was new, and made to attract young professionals to the area. The courtyard boasted two tennis courts, a pool, hot tub, and small steam room. It was usually pretty busy on the weekend, but since it was a Tuesday, there were only a few people playing tennis, and nobody in the hot tub. Perfect. She dropped her towel on top of the chair and tied her hair up in a ponytail to keep it dry. 

 Lily turned on the timer to start the powerful jets and eased slowly into the steaming water. It was almost too hot, which was just how she liked it, and she took her time lowering her body until she was in up to her shoulders. She had been waiting for this all day, and finally could relax. With her eyes closed, she leaned her head back against the edge of the hot tub, and enjoyed the feel of the hot jets and bubbles running over her body. As she started to stretch and massage her sore leg muscles, her mind began to wander. For about a month now, she had been noticing this one guy at the gym. He was big, muscular, tall, and had a clean and trimmed beard with tattoos that extended down his arm. The exact opposite of Kyle, and not exactly the type of guy she usually dated. But god was he sexy. Every time she saw him, she thought about what those hands would feel like on her, how powerful he would feel on top of her, what he would taste like... 

 As she pictured him now, her fingers continued to knead the muscles of her legs. They moved higher and higher up her thighs as she thought of him lifting her up against the wall right there in the gym. The heat of the water and the time since her last orgasm had made her so sensitive that she let out a gasp as her hand moved between her legs. Without intending to, her fingers had found their way to her aching clit, and had begun to trace light circles around it. She pictured the man from the gym holding her hips from behind, almost lifting her off the floor and fucking her hard, and as she did her hand moved inside her bathing suit. As her fingers parted her lips, it exposed her to more hot water and she let out a moan of pleasure. She rubbed her clit faster now, fully surrendering to the pleasure she desperately needed. Her back arched as she pushed two fingers inside herself, and she spread her legs to take them deeper within her. She was so lost in pleasure that she didn't hear the voices until they were almost right behind her.

 Two men were talking to each other, laughing as they rounded the corner around the shrubs and entered the hot tub area. Panicking, Lily's eyes shot open and she froze, hoping that the bubbling water covered her movement and noises from the strangers. When she snapped her legs shut however, it made a wave that sloshed over the side right towards them.

 "OH..um...Hi! I.." she stuttered nervously.

 "Hey there. Im Peter, this is Richard" said the taller of the two men. He was blonde with a slight accent that she couldn't quite place. "I hope we're not interrupting anything. Do you mind if we join you?"

 He said this with such a smile that Lily didn't know if he was just being polite, or if he knew what she was doing. She smiled back at them, unable to figure out what she should say other than telling them her name, and they exchanged limited small talk as they took off their shirts and set their things down. She sunk down further into the water, as they placed their towels down and eased into the water across from her.

 The two men talked to each other quietly, and by how close they were sitting to each other and their playful attitude, she got the sense that while they may not have been a couple, they were more than friends. As Lily began to catch her breath and slow her heartbeat from the scare she just had, her need for release came back stronger than ever. Feeling moderately annoyed about the interruption, she looked at the two men, realizing both of which were very attractive, she couldn't help but imagine herself with each of them, and couldn't decide who she wanted more - the tall blonde Peter, or the short, tan Richard. She did her best to look like she was just relaxing as she played out these options in her head, and more than once had to pry her fingers away from between her legs.

 As much fun as this was, she couldn't take it anymore - she needed to cum right now or she was going to explode. She thought about doing it right there in the hot tub. She was so damn horny and her clit was so sensitive that it wouldn't take much at all. She decided she had to go inside however, as she knew she wouldn't be able to hide an orgasm as strong as the one she was on the verge of. She stood up and stepped out of the hot water. The mild air was cold in contrast, and she rushed for her towel, covered in goosebumps. She picked it up without stopping and was almost home free when she heard Peter call out to her.

 "Excuse me, miss?"

 "Fuck" she said under her breath. She was still too close to pretend she didn't hear him, so she forced a smile and turned around. "Yes?"

 "I am so sorry to bother you, but we are new here and do not have a key yet to the steam room. If you are heading there do you think we might be able to join you?"

 Lily was not planning on heading to the steam room. In fact, she was planning on heading back to her room as quickly as possible, ripping open the drawer where she keeps all of her sex toys, and using as many of them as possible for as long as she could. However, by the time she started to make up an excuse as to why she couldn't help them out, they were already exiting the hot tub. As they stood, their wet swimsuits clung to them, revealing them both to be semi hard, and neither of them small. The same libido that was causing Lily to rush back to her bedroom was now starting to convince her that a small detour to let them into the steam room wouldn't be so bad after all if it gave her the chance to sneak another glance or two.

 "Oh yeah, sure!" she said, trying to keep her eyes focused in a more appropriate direction. "Follow me."

 As she led them down the short path across the courtyard, she glanced back a couple times to make sure they were still following her, and unashamedly let her hips sway a bit more than usual as her gaze lingered just below their waistlines. She wasn't sure if they were interested or not, but she knew she looked good in this bikini, and it always turned her on to show off a little bit.

 As she punched in her personalized key code, she heard them whispering behind her. She couldn't make out what they were saying, but when she turned her head they were both looking at her. As she pushed open the frosted glass door, she smiled at them politely and they walked past her.

 "Here you go! The lights are on a sensor, and the towels are to the right. The..." Lily trailed off. As she was telling them where to find the towels, they had each grabbed one, but not before dropping their shorts to the ground. The two men stood before her, shaking out their towels, completely naked. Richard, who was completely shaved below his neck, was long even though he wasn't erect. His uncircumcised dick swayed back and forth with the movement of his body. Peter was half-hard, and his thick shaft lead from neatly trimmed hair down to his even thicker head. Lilys breath caught in her throat and she stood there, gaping at them. Only once their towels were around their waist and Peter cleared his throat did she realize that she was staring at them with her mouth open and her hand on her breast.

 "Um...oh God...sorry..." she said, her face bright red.

 "Please, join us." Peter repeated, although she didn't hear him at all the first time.

 "I can't" Lily started. She could feel herself beginning to soak her already damp bikini. She needed to get back to her room and take care of herself. "I really have to get home. Thanks though!"

 "Please? I feel like we already kicked you out of the hot tub." Richard said as he grabbed her hand.

 Lily moaned at his tight, warm grip on her wrist. That had always been a turn-on for her. Her free hand shot up to cover her mouth, embarrassed.

 "I promise it will be fun. It seems like you need some fun." Richard smiled at her, looking her dead in the eye. Without a word, Lily stepped into the sauna and closed the door behind her.

 As they went and sat next to each other, she grabbed a towel, but kept her suit on. She was so turned on that she was shaking, but the idea that they might be thinking the same thing that she was thinking was so far outside her comfort zone that she couldn't seem to quite believe it. She took a deep breath, wrapped the towel around her, and took a seat opposite the two men. They were both leaning back against the wall with their eyes closed, engaged in light conversation in a language that she couldn't understand. This allowed Lily's eyes to wander, and they trailed from Peter's chest, to Richards abs, to both of their towels. The bulge under each of them made Lily's mouth water. After double checking that both of their eyes were still closed, her desire overcame her. She smoothly slipped her hand inside of her towel and under the fabric of her bikini. As her fingers parted her slick lips and grazed her swollen clit, she had to cover her mouth with her free hand to stifle a moan. She massaged her sensitive lips, careful not to go too fast or use too much pressure for fear that she would lose control completely. Lily sat there, silently masturbating in clear view of the two oblivious men, imagining what each would feel like as they pushed their way inside her, filling her, giving her the satisfaction she so desperately needed, and for the second time tonight, Peter's voice interrupted her on the verge of orgasm.

 "Lily, you do not have to sit all the way over there. Come, sit with us." He said.

 Lily almost screamed in a mix of frustration and surprise, but as her eyes shot up from his crotch to his face, she could see that his eyes were still closed. She wiped her soaked fingers on her towel as she stood up. "This is crazy." she thought to herself. "I just need to make an excuse to go home and deal with this for real."

 "Thanks, but I'm going to turn in for the night. My neck is killing me and I should go rest."

 "No, no, you must stay! My friend and I are some amateur masseurs. Come, we will fix. I insist!"

 They moved apart, making room for her, and before she realized what she was doing, she was taking a seat between them. Before she could get settled, Peter was turning her to face away from him, and Richard had reached down to grab her legs and swung them onto his lap. She was too surprised to protest, and as soon as he began working her sore feet with his strong hands, she lost all desire too. The lust that had been so overpowering for most of the night had masked the ache in her legs and feet, but this felt amazing. Simultaneously, Peter's large hands covered her shoulders and began to massage her. The light sweat that had accumulated all over her body from the steam acted as its own massage oil, and as Peter slowly worked his strong fingers into her sore muscles, she became less tense by the second. She almost melted. She never would have gotten into this situation if she hadn't been too horny to think straight, but as she sat there with four strong hands on her, she was glad she did.



They began to chat back and forth, but Lily could hardly concentrate on what was being said, even by herself. Her focus was fully absorbed by each fingertip on her skin. Her towel was still around her, but had begun to loosen on its own. Now that she was actually enjoying physical contact with these men, Lily decided to stop pretending like this was still an innocent situation, and quit fighting so hard against it. 

 She allowed her towel to fall to either side of her. Her body glistened with sweat, and Richard's eyes took their time moving from her legs, to her stomach, to her breasts, and finally back down to where she had soaked through the fabric between her legs. Lily was surprised to find that his stare turned her on even more, and she wanted to give him a better view. As his hands moved slowly up to massage her thighs, she moved her left foot to open her legs. His towel caught under her foot and his erection sprung free, brushing against her ankle. She bit her lip and spread her legs even more, opening herself to him as she gazed at his hard-on. 



She felt Peter's hands move to lightly trace the front of her collar bone, it felt amazingly sensual and she felt her nipples get hard instantly. Suddenly she could feel his warm breath on her neck as his lips started gently kissing down her neck. He kissed her lightly, and she felt his tongue graze her sensitive skin. His hands moved from her shoulders down to the strings in the middle of her back, and before she knew it her bikini was hanging loosely over her chest. He repeated the action at the back of her neck, and her top slid down her body and onto the floor. Her hands moved instinctively up to cover her breasts, and as they did, Peter reached around and placed his hands on top of hers. She turned her head and he moved his lips to hers. As they kissed, she slid her hands slowly away, letting his replace them and savoring the sensation of his warm hands on her hard nipples. She leaned back into him as he squeezed her breasts with slightly more force, she could hear a deep moan exit under his breath. Her hand found its way up his leg until she found his stiff cock, and wrapped her fingers around it. He inhaled sharply as she tightened her grip, fingers barely touching he was so thick, and began to move up and down the length of him.

 Richard had abandoned the illusion of massaging her feet, and was now kissing her thigh while pressing one hand against her soaked, barely covered pussy and stroking himself with the other. She opened her legs even wider than before, and arched her back so that she pressed back into his touch. The fabric was slick with her juices, and slipped against her lips as she moved. She had never been with two men at once before, and the abundance of stimulation was almost overwhelming.

 Peter broke off their kiss, and looked into her eyes for a few seconds before smiling and leaning back against the wall. She knew what he wanted from her, and she wanted it just as badly as he did. She had always enjoyed sucking cock. She loved making her lover feel good, but along with that, she loved the taste and the feel of it, and it always turned her on. She turned over, got on her hands and knees, and with one hand regained her grasp on Peter's shaft. Lily bent her head down, and began to tease his swollen head with her tongue, swirling it in circles as her hand moved slowly up and down. Once she had teased him sufficiently, she hungrily took Peter into her mouth, soliciting a faint groan from him, and felt Richard begin to remove the remaining half of her bikini. He tugged it down, revealing her full, round ass and swollen, soaked pussy lips before letting it fall down around her knees. 

 As Lily skillfully worked the large cock in front of her, she enjoyed the sensation of two large hands taking hold of her ass, massaging her as he planted kisses first on her lower back, then down each cheek. She tingled with anticipation as his hot breath crept closer to her dripping slit, and she was eager to feel his tongue part her lips. Instead, Richard kissed his way between her cheeks, and began to run his tongue around the edge of her asshole. The jolt of pleasure that ran through her body was just as surprising to Lily as the action itself. She had enjoyed a touch there in the past when she was in the right mood, but the touch was always her own. No man she had been with had ever done that, and she had never thought to ask them, but at this moment, she could hardly believe how good it felt as Richard began to push his tongue into her.

 Lily could feel a river begin to run between her legs, and as she started to take Peter deeper with her mouth, her hand moved from his shaft to her swollen clit, slick with her juices. She could barely touch herself at first, she was so sensitive, but she slowly increased pressure until she was moving in swift circles. Richard's fingers had barely pushed inside her and grazed her G-spot when she got the orgasm she had been needing all day. Despite it coming so quickly, the buildup and multiple forms of stimulation caused her body to shake uncontrollably, and a loud moan was stifled by the cock pushing its way into her throat. The walls of her pussy clenched repeatedly around the fingers insider her, and she felt her juices run down the inside of her thighs. She rode the waves of electricity that coursed through her, and she shivered when they finally subsided, leaving her with a tingly feeling all over. 

 Far from being sated, Lily found that this first orgasm only fueled her desire for more. Luckily, her two new friends craved more as well. She had barely noticed that Richard had removed his tongue and fingers from their respective holes, but now she felt the tip of a thick cock circling around her pussy. She was soaked, and needed to be filled so badly that he had barely slipped into her entrance when she pushed back, burying him to the hilt inside of her. As his stiff cock slid deep inside her without any resistance, she immediately felt that fullness she craved so badly. He was large enough to completely fill her up, leaving no extra space. She loved that feeling so much that even when he reached the end of her tunnel she continued to push into him even harder. As Richard fell into a rhythm behind her with his hands firmly on her hips, she returned her hand to Peter's shaft, giving her throat a break as she stroked his full length. She lifted her head to look him in the eye, and he smiled at her before putting his hand on her cheek and kissing her. He smiled at her, before turning his body and laying on his back on the bench. Still being fucked from behind, Lily looked down at the cock pointing up at her, and decided that she wanted to tease him a bit.

 She took him in her hand, and flicked her tongue lightly over the swollen head. She then ran her tongue down the bottom side of his shaft and over his balls, before taking one into her mouth and swirling her tongue around it, causing a loud groan to escape from Peter. She loved giving pleasure almost as much as getting it. Wanting to make sure Richard was enjoying himself too, she decided to give him a little show, and reached back behind her to slap her ass a few times as he fucked her. While she continued to work Peter with her mouth, she lifted her hand from her ass cheek up towards Richard's mouth, and he leaned in, taking a few of her fingers into her mouth. Wet with his saliva, she brought her fingers down, first pushing one, then two into her tight ass. With her own fingers inside her, she could feel his cock through the thin wall of her pussy, and the increased fullness felt incredible. She began to move them in and out, and soon she felt another orgasm approaching. Afraid she couldn't take much more, and not wanting to be done quite yet, she slid her fingers out of her ass and leaned forward, releasing the thick cock from her clenching pussy. She stood up and turned to face the two men. She wanted to fully savor the situation, and she loved that they couldn't take their eyes off her body. She ran her left hand up to her breasts, her right down to her clit, and for a few seconds, she masturbated standing there in the sauna with both Richard and Peter watching her, stroking themselves. 
