 Izzy sighed happily as she looked out over the crystal clear waters off the Fijian Island. She was on a well deserved vacation, stretched out on a deck chair by the pool and sipping a colourful cocktail. Her long, dark hair was fanned out around her. She was positioned under one of the umbrellas, as her pale, creamy skin didn't appreciate the sun as much as she did. A group of her friends from university had planned this trip as reward for completing their first year in their real jobs. This had been her first year as a high school teacher. She loved the job, though it could be tough at times, teenagers were hard to deal with!

She looked over at her boyfriend, Jack. He was playing some ball game involving a lot of splashing in the pool with the rest of the boys... 'Typical guys...' she thought, 'They'll never grow up!' But she did have to admire his well toned, tanned body and arms as he threw the ball to his mates. The rest of the girls were sitting in a line under the umbrellas, all enjoying their cocktails and reading magazines. Izzy didn't drink much, but she always enjoyed having a few fancy cocktails when she was on vacation. 

While Izzy was looking around, she made eye contact with Clare, and smiled. Clare smiled back. Clare was a friend of a friend; she had come along when one of Izzy's friends had to cancel at the last minute. Izzy didn't know her well, but she thought she seemed nice and a lot of fun. Izzy had always dated guys, but she has always found a certain type of girl very attractive. Clare was this type. Long, natural, dark red hair... only a select few could pull that off; Pale, creamy skin with a light scattering of freckles; Slim, but curvy, not too skinny; and warm brown eyes, with a mischievous glint when she smiled.

Izzy hadn't realized she was staring at Clare while she was thinking this, but Clare saw and guessed what she was thinking. Clare was normally quite shy, but the combination of being on vacation and the cocktails she just drank, made her feel a little bit naughty. She got up and walked along the line of girls, swinging her hips. Her skimpy bikini briefs only covered half her ass cheeks, the perky flesh bounced slightly as she walked along. She walked past Izzy and could feel her eyes on her half bare ass. She spun around, catching her in the act. Izzy quickly looked away and Clare giggled. 'Do you want another drink?' She asked Izzy. 'Sure thing, I'll come with you' Izzy replied. She stood up a walked over to where Clare was waiting. Clare admired Izzy's shapely breasts as they swung slightly, side to side, in her string bikini top. The two girls walked over to the bar, and ordered themselves another drink. While they waited, they chatted aimlessly about the trip. They got their drinks and started to walk back to the chairs when Clare decided to have some fun.

' Want to check out the steam room?' 

' Um, yeah why not' Replied Izzy 'I've heard it's pretty amazing'.

'Yeah it's awesome' said Clare

The two girls changed direction and walked off toward the steam room. Jack saw them walking off together, and admired how sexy they both looked with their long wavy hair, one dark and one red, and their shapely asses hanging out of their bikinis. 

Technically drinks weren't meant to be taken in to the steam room, but no one was watching. Izzy giggled when they went in 'I feel so naughty!' she said. Clare smiled to herself. 

The steam room was an impressive one. It was very large, with wooden tiered seating around the walls. The steam creeping across the floor warm and thick, not too overpowering, but it made it difficult to see more than a metre in any direction.

'It's best toward the back' said Clare.

The girls made their way towards the back of the room, and took a seat on one of the lower benches. 'Mmmm' sighed Izzy as she relaxed backward, 'This is so good'. 

'I saw you watching me earlier' said Clare unexpectedly.

Izzy was a little taken aback, but she smiled and replied 'I've always thought girls with your colouring were very beautiful.'

Clare didn't waste words. She reached over and gently undid Izzy's bikini top. Both girls watched as slowly her large, firm breasts swung free. They looked at each other, and Clare stood up and slowly removed her top, and her bikini bottoms. When she straightened up she revealed her bald pussy, already visibly moist. Izzy was looking at Clare, taking in every curve of her body. She had never seen anything so beautiful. She knew she liked guys, but now for the first time she realised how much she loved the female form, and she knew she was bisexual. Izzy stood up a little shakily, and lowered her bikini briefs also. When she had them off, both girls stood and drank in each other's naked bodies.

Clare reached out and gently brushed Izzy's hair back from her face, and it was as if she had broken a force holding them apart. They suddenly both were overcome by a hunger for one another. They began to kiss fiercely, tongues exploring each other's mouths. Izzy sat back on the bench, and Clare straddled her, gently thrusting her pelvis as their warm bodies pressed together. Izzy could not believe one of her most secret fantasies was coming alive; she ran her fingers through Clare's beautiful hair and kissed her, along her collarbone and down her breasts...

Jack looked away from his game, and saw that Izzy still wasn't back. He was getting a little horny watching all the girls walking by, and hoped they might go back to the hotel room for a little fun... He remembered he had seen her walking toward the steam rooms with that Clare girl. He thought he might as well head over and see if he could find them. 

Jack opened the door of the steam room, he couldn't see anyone, but as he turned to leave he heard a small moan coming from the far end of the room. His curiosity got the better of him and he walked down to see what was going on. The sight that met his eyes immediately caused his cock to become rock hard. His girlfriend was half lying down on the bench, being straddled by another girl, making out, and they were both completely naked.

'Izzy!' He said.

Both girls sprung apart. Jack's eyes roamed along their sweaty bodies, taking it all in.

'What the hell are you doing!!??' He said, pretending to be mad.

Izzy knew he wasn't serious, he always said she was free to do what she wanted with girls, as long as she let him watch. She also noticed he had a raging hard on.

'I'm sorry baby!' She cried

Clare saw the bulge in Jack's pants, and looking between the two she sensed that they were playing a game, and she joined in.

'I'm so sorry too Jack, it's all my fault' Clare said 'We've been very naughty'

'I can see that. But Izzy is my girlfriend, and I'll need to punish her'

A spasm of excitement went through Izzy. She had occasionally been spanked by Jack, and she had enjoyed it immensely. Being spanked in front of someone else would add a whole new level of excitement. 

Jack sat himself down on a nearby bench 'Izzy, get over here' he demanded.

She meekly walked over to him.

'Lay across my lap'

She did as he said. Jack looked down at the round full ass across his lap, all he wanted to do was squeeze it and bite it and shove his cock between it. The briefly caressed the smooth creamy skin, pulling the cheeks apart and squeezing them tightly. He lifted his hand and before he brought it down he said 'I hope you realise what you have done young lady. This is for your own good' He brought his hand down with a resounding smack, right on the centre of Izzy's ass.

Izzy let out a moan.

'I think you enjoyed that a little too much, I'll need to make it harder'

He brought his hand down, over and over, until Izzy's jiggling ass was bright red and she was crying out in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Izzy could sense Clare's eyes on her ass, and it turned her on even more. Clare was enjoying the show immensely, and had spread her legs wide and begun to rub her swelling clit.

Jack now had his eyes on Clare and her enjoyment of what she was seeing.

'You, Clare! If you keep that up you'll get one too!'

'Oh no, I will stop now sir! Please just let me lick your girlfriends beautiful pussy'

'If you lick her pussy, I will have to punish you'

Izzy lay down on the wide bench and spread her legs for Clare. Clare climbed onto all fours and began to tease Izzy by licking her inner thighs. 

'Ohh please, please I need it' moaned Izzy

Clare plunged her tongue inside Izzy, and as she did, Jack let a hard smack right on her ass. Clare jumped a little in shock, but enjoyed the spank, and kept going. As she ate Izzy out, Jack continued to spank her. The sight of these two beautiful women, shapely backsides bright red thanks to him, was making him more turned on than he'd ever been.

Izzy moaned louder 'I'm cumming I'm cumming!' she cried. She came in waves, thrusting against Clare's mouth, while Clare sucked her flowing juices and Jack stroked himself with pleasure.

'I need to fuck you right now Izzy!' said Jack.

He lifted her up and spun her around, so she was kneeling on the bench above him.

'It's your turn to lick Clare's pussy now!'

Clare sat on the bench above Izzy, and spread her legs wide.

Izzy had never licked a pussy before, but she knew what she liked herself, and couldn't wait to give Clare an orgasm.

As she began to lick Clare, Jack stood behind Izzy and slowly inserted his throbbing cock into her hungry pussy. He massaged her beautiful pink ass cheeks, and plunged in all the way.

Izzy let out a deep moan, as Jack's long, thick cock filled her completely. Izzy sucked on Clare's clit, causing her to wriggle and cry out in pleasure. 'Oh Izzy! Yes! Fuck me with your tongue!'

Jack was drinking in the sight of his girlfriend, his cock between her bright pink ass cheeks, hungrily eating out another gorgeous woman. He had to keep himself from cumming straight away. He leaned over Izzy and grabbed her swinging breasts as he began to thrust harder and faster.

Izzy began to tongue-fuck Clare, and the thrusting of Jack inside her hot cunt caused her to thrust in and out of Clare. Clare's breathing became faster and faster, and she began to moan. Izzy came up for air and fucked Clare with her fingers.

'Yes Jack! Fuck me, fuck me harder!'

Jack slapped her ass as he pounded in and out of her

'Harder! Harder please Jack!'

He leaned over and rubbed her soaking clit with one hand, and massaged her tits with the other. Izzy kept licking out Clare and fucking her with her fingers. Izzy started to orgasm and as her cunt tightened over Jacks throbbing cock, he finally let go and shot his load deep inside her. Izzy shoved her tongue deep inside Clare, who also came at the sight of the two fucking. They rode out the waves, slowing down until they all collapsed in a sweaty heap on the benches.

'Whew!' said Clare, 'I'm boiling... anyone want to get a drink?'