 I was working out at the gym when I spotted a very sexy girl across the room, working on a leg machine. I should say woman though, as she looked to be around forty. She had nice curly brown hair, a cute face, and lots of curves. She was wearing a tight blow v-neck long sleeve shirt that seemed to hardly contain her full breasts, that must have been double-d's in size. Her large, round ass looked incredible in a pair of black tights and when she bent down to tie her shoe, I felt my cock growing in my jockstrap, thankful that the cotton pouch was tight enough to not allow me to get fully hard. I had always lusted after older women and this curvy, voluptuous brown haired forty year old had my balls aching. I started another set of shoulder presses, hoping to get my mind off of her. As soon as I finished though, I looked over to see her laying on the hamstring curl machine, her fine ass pushed up in the air. I couldn't help but imagine stripping off her tights and rubbing her ass, touching and feeling it, then asking her to spread her cheeks so I could finger and lick her asshole. My cock began to grow more and I decided to head to the locker room before I got fully hard in the middle of the gym.

I pulled my shirt off over my head, standing in my socks, wearing shorts and a jock. I was a bit sweaty from the workout and tried to get the hot older woman out of my mind, wishing that my semi-hard cock would go away so that I could get undressed. There is nothing quite as sexy as a full figured, large breasted, round assed woman, especially one a few years older; young girls are fun, but older women hold the allure of being more passionate, more excited about a really hot encounter. I pulled my shorts off, then tugged down my jock, my still semi-hard cock bouncing out, happy to be freed of the restrictive jock. It felt good to be sweaty and naked and since no one was around, I gave my cock shaft a good squeeze, then my balls as well, wishing I could slide into the woman. I'd just shaved my balls and scissor-clipped my pubic hair the day before, so my cock and balls felt great, smooth and sensitive.

I was sitting in the sauna with my eyes closed, head back against the wall and a towel across my waist. I had my hand slipped under the towel, gently rubbing my balls, enjoying how smooth and slippery they felt. I heard the door open, surprising me. I opened my eyes to see a guy I'd never seen before, step into the sauna and pull the door closed behind him. We exchanged hellos and I closed my eyes again, pushing my cock down in order to try and conceal my semi-erection.

"Damn, did you see that older woman in black out there?"

I opened my eyes. He was sitting on his towel and I couldn't help but notice his cock, as it was a bit hard as well.

"Uh...yeah," I stammered, a bit surprised by his direct question.

"Is that why you're cock is a bit hard under that towel?" I chuckled, a bit embarrassed.

"Uh...yeah. I was hoping you wouldn't notice."

"Hey, ain't nothing wrong with getting a hard-on from seeing a hot older woman. Man, if you weren't sitting in here right now, I'd jerk my cock off, thinking about her!"

"Hey, don't stop on my account..."

"Cool, some guys are up tight about that stuff, but I don't see nothin' wrong with it. Man, maybe we could double team her, show her a good time! Love to watch her suck you while I eat her pussy."

"Ugh, you better stop talking like that...my hard-on is going to get bigger, not smaller!"

"No worries, a hard cock is nice to look at when jerking off. Me and another guy here will jerk off together in her sometimes. It's pretty fun, and sometimes just necessary after seeing all those women out in the gym."

My cock was now fully hard, pushing my towel up into the air. 

"Well, there ain't no point in trying to hide your hard on, might as well let it breathe!"

I looked down at his cock, which was also fully hard. I pulled my towel off, feeling the warm air against my smooth balls.

"Hey, your cock looks just like mine!"

I looked at his cock, with his nice smooth balls and thick, uncircumsized shaft.

"Yeah, except you're lucky, got that foreskin, and all those nerves in it! I'm always jealous of uncut guys."

"Ha, don't be. I'm jerking off all the time 'cause it feels so good." His cock did look like mine, but his shaft was thicker, he cockhead bigger and his balls just about the same size.

"Well, two guys with nice cocks and hard-ons in the sauna, what should we do?"

"I sure damn wish that woman was in here with us!"

"Damn, that would be fucking great. I'd love to fuck her tits, give her a big hot spurt of cum all over them."

"Yeah, that would be great. Well, we might as well do something with this hard cocks of ours..." He began to slowly pull his shaft.

"Wow, I can't believe you can get your hand around your cock...it's so damn thick!"

"I know, but yours is pretty thick too! Hell, for a guy your size your cock is huge. Nearly as big as mine, but I'm half a foot taller than you!"

I started to rub my balls, gently feeling under them, enjoying how smooth and sweaty the spot between my balls and asshole was.

"Thanks. Damn, this is pretty fun, now I can see why you make a habit of this..."

"Yeah, sometimes I just get so turned on by the women out there. It just happened one day when me and this guy were in here and both of us had noticed the same woman and both of us got hard-ons. I'd never jacked off with a guy before, but he started stroking his cock and one thing led to another...It was real hot seeing him shoot a big load from his fat cock. Ha, now I'm a cock fiend, jerking off all the time with other guys!"

Suddenly the door opened, catching both of us by surprise, pulling at our hard thick cocks. It was her, the curvy older woman!

She smiled at us, then our cocks. "Were you boys talking about me?"

"Um...," I stammered.

"We sure were, mam," he said.

"I could tell you two were watching me in the gym, thinking about what I'd look like with my clothes off." She was wearing just a towel, snuggly hugging her tits and hips.

"Do you want to see what I look like under this towel?"

"Sure."

"Definitely." My cock throbbed with excitement, my hand still wrapped around my shaft.

"Well, first you need to be punished a little, first for staring at me and secondly because you are in here jacking those fat cocks of yours, and didn't even invite me to join in!" She walked up to us, standing between us and grabbed both of our cocks, squeezing my shaft hard, then slowly stroking it. "You need to be good boys and do just as I say, then maybe you'll get to see what I'm hiding under here." I thought my balls were going to erupt and had no idea what she had in mind. She pulled us up by our cocks and stood us facing each other, removing her hand from our cocks and sitting on the lower tier of the bench. 

"Wow, you boys have some fine cocks! So thick and sweaty, and look, you're uncut and your cut. I can't wait to get those in my mouth But, first we have to play a game...the loser has to wait to fuck me, while the winner gets to go right for my tight pussy, and even tighter butthole!"

"Mmm, I'd love to fuck that ass of yours," I told her. "I nearly came in my jock when I say you laying down on the leg machine."

"Well, you better do your best to win. Here," she said, as she took our hands, placing mine on his cock, and his around my shaft. I didn't think my hand could even close around his shaft, which was half the size of my wrist. "Now how does that feel?"

"Like I could cum right now!"

"Well, do your best to win. I want you two to jack those fat cocks off for me, while I watch." I felt her hand on my ass as she pressed us cockhead-to-cockhead. I looked down, seeing the precum oozing from his throbbing cock. "Mmm, now isn't that a sight, your cockheads rubbing together, your precum mixing! Now start jerking those cocks. The first to cum is the loser..."

I began to jack his fat shaft and he did the same to mine.

"Fuck, I'm not going to last long!"

"Me either!"

We both looked at her as she eyed our cocks and slipped the towel down to reveal her huge tits. She had good sized aerolas and very large nipples, which were stiff. "How do these look?"

"Fucking hot!"

"Mmm, well, keep jerking those cocks and the one to hold out can fuck these tits for me. Wouldn't that feel good? These big soft tits wrapped around your throbbing cock."

"Damn, my balls are aching so much." She rubbed her tits against my hips, her slightly sweaty chest gliding on my leg. She stood up, rubbing our chests. "Keep jacking those hot fat cocks boys. I want to see them erupt! Here, let me help a bit," she said, reaching around behind us, then rubbing our balls through our legs.

"Oh god, fuck that feels good," he said. I was doing my best to hold off, jacking his cock fast, hoping I could get him to shoot off first. "I'm not gonna last much longer!"

"C'mon, jack those cocks, let me see that cum fly!"

"Oh, damn, fuck," he grunted. I looked down, turned on by stroking his thick cock and watching his foreskin move back and forth over his fat cockhead. "That's it!"

He moaned as a burst of cum shot out of his cock, hitting my stomach right above my cock. "Mmm, that's it! Burst for me, shoot that big fucking load on his fat cock!" I had stopped jacking his cock, shocked by how hard he had shot his first stream. He grabbed his cock, still holding mine.

"Mmm, sure baby!" he told her. He fired a second stream of cum, white and thick, all over the top of my shaft as he pressed my cock down a bit.

"Mmm, get his balls too! Cover those for me!" When I felt his stream of cum blast onto my smooth balls, I lost it too!"

"Oh god, fuck, I'm going to spurt off too!"

"Mmm, yeah baby, spurt that big fat cock of his! See if you can cover his shaft for me!"

Another spurt of cum flew out of his fat cock, shocking me that he third stream was as thick and full as his first. My cock twitched and I groaned as my first spurt exploded out of my cockhead, landing in his pubic hair. My legs twitched a bit and I almost felt like I was going to faint.

"Mmm, those two fat cocks both spurting for me at once! That is so hot, boys!" I was dizzy and felt a bit light headed. "Mmm, another spurt for me!" she commented as my second load erupted from my balls, again hitting him in the stomach. His cock had finally stopped spurting, after five powerful streams of jizz had erupted from it. We both held his cock together, which was still throbbing and hard. I groaned at the third powerful spurt rocketed out of my cock, hitting our hands and landing on his thick shaft. I closed my eyes, feeling like I might faint. My cock twitched again, then another time and it felt like my cum was staring in my feet before rocketing out of my cockhead. I felt her kissing me as I opened my eyes.

"Now look at those cocks! Covered in hot, thick cum. You boys made a big mess! Just how are we going to clean you two up?" Our pubic hair was wet and matted down, sprayed with so much cum and I could feel his cum on my smooth, sweaty balls. I'd shot two spurts directly on his shaft and when I looked at my cock his cum was dripping off my cockhead. "Now I could clean them, but you two seemed to really enjoy working on those cocks for me..." She was now naked, having dropped her towel on the bench. She had a small waist that flared into large hips and an ass the was round and full. "And, since you both came at once, neither of you really won, so neither deserves a prize...But, how about you two clean those cocks for me, while I help out, and play with those big balls of yours. And I bet you wouldn't mind if I played with your hot asses either."

I had no idea what she had in mind, but I was so turned on from the jerking off and seeing his cock erupt all over mine that I was horny for anything. I couldn't believe how hot it felt to have another cock in my hand, to jack off his thick shaft.

"Maybe you two could clean one another, suck each other fully hard again, while I help. Then you can fuck my mouth and tits."

"And buttfuck that hot ass of yours!"

"And that too..."