 Entering the apartment, they were in each other's arms before the door even closed. Their lips came together in an intense and passionate kiss. After several heated seconds of this, he spun her around, pulling her against him, kissing and licking her neck like a wild animal. His hands went inside her top to cup her perfect tits. So eager was she to have his palms on her breasts that she pulled her shirt and her bra down around her waist. 

Tilting her head so she could again taste his lips, Kendall was both pleased and amused that she'd misread Joseph's expression in the car. When she'd mistakenly voiced her thoughts aloud and said she wanted to go anywhere they could fuck and saw the horrified expression on his face, much to her pleasant surprise, his reaction had really been one of unexpected thrill. He was actually excited that she wanted to have sex with him particularly since she'd given him no prior sign of such desire. 

With one hand still enjoying her marvelous breast, Joseph let his other hand dip down to gather up her skirt enough for his fingers to make electrifying contact with her panty-covered pussy. He could feel the wetness of the nylon material. 

* * * 

Mark's suggestion to Jackie hadn't been so blatant. She'd wanted them to go someplace quiet and the only place he thought that could happen was somewhere they could also be alone. The best location he could think of was her apartment. However, her appalled expression told him he had blundered supremely. His confirmation of that was her saying they would not go to her apartment. However, his defeat did not last long when he turned and saw the smirk on her face. 

"I think it would be safer to go to your apartment," she said. "I just wouldn't want you to be leaving at the same time Joseph was coming home." 

"And you don't think it could happen that Kendall would come home while we were there?" 

"Yes, that is possible. But at least I could hide in your bedroom and sneak out later." 

While Mark did not find her reasoning totally logical, he was so desperate to be alone with her, that he capitulated. Sensing his reluctance, Jackie sweetened the deal when they stopped in front of the apartment by leaning over, taking his face in her hands and kissing him. His head spun not only at the unexpectedness of it but also because she kissed as sweetly if not better than Kendall. 

* * * 

With fervor heating up her body, Kendall's blissful mind made her think that she heard something, but she couldn't be sure. She wanted to let it go and concentrate on the excitement she was experiencing with Joseph. However, her sex-intoxicated brain still had some semblance of thoughtfulness, so she stopped to check the sound she believed she heard. Still at the front door, she peaked out of the window next to it and instantly realized how stupid it was of them to come to her and Mark's apartment. But she had given in to desire. 

"Shit! That's my stepbrother!" 

"What? What's he doing home so early?" 

"I don't know," Kendall whispered in aggravation. "Go hide in the spare bedroom." 

"What do you mean, the spare bedroom?" 

"Uh, Mark's bedroom. I'll explain later. Just go. He won't go in there." 

With mounting curiosity, Joseph complied, not particularly liking the implication of Kendall's statement. 

Kendall jogged to her bedroom, putting herself back together as she did. Maybe he'd just forgotten something and was simply going to get it and leave. 

* * * 

They were not quite as urgent as Kendall and Joseph had been, but once inside the apartment with the door closed, the precedence having been set, Mark turned to Jackie, took her in his arms and pressed his lips to hers. She did not resist. As the kiss progressed, so did her breathing become heavier. She casually let her hand drop to his side, rubbing up and down gently, hoping to make contact with an erection in his pants. 

A myriad of thoughts were flooding Mark's befuddled head, not the least of which was this unexpected turn of events. He hadn't considered the possibility of this evening becoming a sexual escapade, but now that there was the hint of it moving in that direction, he wanted it more than anything. He had no hesitancy in placing his hand on her breast, and she had no hesitancy in letting him, even going so far as to unbutton a few more buttons on her shirt to allow him better access. 

Pausing to grab a glimpse of the nicely rounded tops of her tits, Mark couldn't help bending his head to place kisses on the beautiful orbs. He stopped and asked, "Where is this going?" 

"Where do you want it to go?" 

With a huff, Mark said, "Can we not talk in circles? Do you want to have sex with me? Is that what this is about?" 

Sighing heavily, Jackie answered, "Well, I was hoping it would just happen naturally, but if we need to talk about it first . . ." 

"No, no. I guess I just didn't see this coming." 

"Well, I hope coming is going to be a big part of it!" 

That broke the ice causing Mark to chuckle. "Why don't you go into the . . . my bedroom and get comfortable and I'll be there in a minute." 

* * * 

Joseph heard activity out in the living room, but couldn't determine exactly what it was. He had decided to get on the floor on the far side of the bed on the off chance Mark came into this bedroom—which, judging by the look of it, did not get used, causing him further concern and wonder. When he heard the hand on the doorknob, he dove for the floor pressing himself as close to the bed as he could. Unfortunately, it was not high enough for him to slide under. 

Someone came in and sat on the bed. A moment later, there was significant movement on it. Joseph wondered what was going on, and thought he was possibly hearing clothes being removed, not that he was sure what that sounded like. Was Mark home early and going to bed? 

However, something prevented Joseph from believing that, and that something was in the scent of perfume—and he knew that perfume. His stepsister's. Uncontrollably, he popped his head up to see Jackie sprawled out on the bed totally nude. "Jackie?" 

Turning sharply, she said, "Joseph?" 

* * * 

Mark thought he still had a couple of condoms in the dresser in Kendall's room, although they might be too old to use. But he stopped short when he entered the bedroom. "What are you doing here? Did something go wrong with Joseph?" 

"Uh, uh, w-what are you doing home? Something not go well with Jackie?" 

"No, no, everything is fine. I . . . uh, I just . . . I forgot—" he quickly reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet "—my wallet. And you?" 

Nodding exaggeratedly, Kendall said, "Yeah, I forgot my—" seeing her cell phone on the bed beside her that she had dropped there upon hearing Mark enter, she picked it up "—cell phone." 

"Ah. Where's Joseph?" 

"He's . . . waiting. What about Jackie?" 

"Yeah, she's waiting too." 

* * * 

"You're going to fuck Mark?" Joseph deduced, his head spinning. 

Gesturing to his disheveled appearance, Jackie noted, "And I would say you're not far behind with Kendall." 

They regarded each other coldly for a moment, and then Jackie started laughing. 

"What could possibly be funny?" Joseph demanded. 

"My dad said we should not pass up opportunities! Looks like we're both taking his advice." 

Thinking about that for a second, Joseph could only join in the laughter. 

* * * 

They heard the laughter through the wall. 

"What is that?" Kendall asked. "Is that Jackie . . . laughing?" 

"Doesn't sound like just her. Could it be Joseph also?" Mark didn't wait for an answer, heading for the other bedroom. 

Kendall was hot on his heels. 

Whatever Mark and Kendall expected when they burst into their "spare" bedroom, Jackie naked and she and Joseph engaged in a passionate kiss with his hands all over her breasts was not it. 

"What the hell?" Mark exclaimed. 

Not totally surprised, Kendall dead panned, "Well, that answers that question." 

Separating, but with no urgency and pulling the cover over her, Jackie asked, "What question?" 

"We were wondering if you two were fucking," Kendall said, not mincing words. 

"We were wondering the same thing about the two of you," Jackie echoed. "Judging by the condition of Mark's room, which looks pretty much unused, I think we have our answer." 

"Okay, so you do," Mark remarked. "I had my doubts about your little scheme." 

"It really wasn't a scheme," Joseph explained, defensively. He quickly described what happened at Jackie's friend's party and then the similar occurrence at his friend's party. He then said that their plan was prompted by learning that another stepbrother and stepsister had rented the last two-bedroom apartment. 

"It was actually my dad who surprised us all by saying that he had no problem with us dating or sleeping together," Jackie further informed, "but he advised us to take advantage of opportunities with other people that we might be attracted to if for no other reason than to prove that we either were or were not right for one another. For what it's worth, we told him we would, but it was really just to pacify him. We really didn't expect—or plan—to be so attracted to the two of you." 

That made Kendall chuckle. "Yeah, our parents have been encouraging us to date other people, as well, for similar reasons." 

"So, where does this put us?" Mark posed. 

"Well, I think it's safe to say our . . . arrangement . . . has entered a new dimension," Jackie said, stating the obvious. "I know we all came here thinking that our step-siblings were our partners and lovers, and I'm sure that's still true. But—" she arose from the bed with no regard for her nudity and stood between Mark and Kendall "—we can't be doing what we're doing without being open-minded. And since that open-mindedness brought us here to this point, tonight, to do something, I suggest we finish doing what we came here to do, and feel better about the fact that we can now do it knowing that we're not doing it behind each other's backs." 

Without skipping a beat, Kendall gave Jackie a little love tap on her ass. "I like the way you think." She then turned to Joseph and started undressing him. 

"I'm game," Joseph agreed. 

"Your logic is impeccable," Mark commented, pulling Jackie to him. Their lips came together and they enjoyed a frenzied kiss like they had only experienced with their step-siblings. It didn't last for long because Jackie was eager to taste Mark's cock. She was thrilled by the tool that popped out when she undid his pants and pulled them and his underwear down around his ankles. He and Joseph were roughly and satisfyingly the same size. Still, he felt wonderfully different in her mouth. 

There was a small sofa in a corner of the room. Kendall had completely removed Joseph's pants and underwear while he had shed his shirt rendering him as nude as his stepsister. As she sucked his sizeable rod into her mouth, Kendall couldn't help but steal glances at Jackie. The girl had as great a body as Kendall deemed her own to be, and from the looks of it, she certainly seemed accomplished at mouthing a cock. Joseph's moans suggested that he was enjoying Kendall's attention. 

Looking down and viewing his dick being devoured by another girl was a turn-on for Mark in itself. On the other hand, his analytical mind wanted to consider the ramifications of what was going on here. However, that need subsided as Jackie helped him step out of his pants, shoes and socks and then arose to remove his shirt. 

About the same time, Kendall stood, loosened her skirt and wiggled out of it, bending over and steadying herself with her hands on Joseph's thighs as she kicked the garment off the rest of the way. While still doubled over, Mark rubbed his hand along her ass and between her legs, pulling a wet finger out of her pussy. 

With a mischievous grin, Jackie grabbed Kendall's cheeks to the surprise of the boys, spread them apart and sultrily challenged, "I want to see you stick that big cock in your stepsister's hot pussy." She actually assisted by grabbing Mark's dick and guiding it in." Mark naturally started thrusting. "Now, that is hot!" 

"Stepsister, I didn't know you were so kinky," Joseph said. 

"The four of us here like this is a huge turn-on," she admitted. 

"Yes, it is," Kendall agreed. "Foursome's are great!" she remarked without thinking. 

"You've done a foursome before?" Joseph asked with excited curiosity. 

"We'll talk about that another time," Kendall said, quickly sucking Joseph's cock to avoid saying anything else stupid. 

With her stepbrother laying back against the sofa back, Jackie climbed up and straddled his face. He wasted no time in jabbing her wet pussy with his tongue. It made her shiver. 

The squishy sounds of Mark fucking Kendall could be heard even above the symphony of moans. 

Coming up slightly for air, Kendall found herself looking at Jackie's ass as she was nearly sitting on Joseph's face. No stranger to doing another woman, Kendall held onto Jackie's hips. She went back down on Joseph's cock, but only until Jackie got up and off the sofa. Kendall then stood also and removed the rest of her clothes. Now, all four were completely naked. 

"Now, I want to see the two of you fuck," Kendall said to the other step-siblings. 

"Not a problem," Joseph said, lifting his stepsister and carrying her to the bed where he laid her on her back. He raised her left leg and rested it against his shoulder, and then rammed his cock into her juicy snatch. He plowed her like he meant it. 

Kendall sat Mark on the sofa and sat in his lap facing the action on the bed and impaling herself on his cock that was lubricated with her juices. He leaned slightly to one side so he could see the other step-siblings copulating. The pulsing of Mark's penis in her hole told Kendall that he was as aroused as she was. They'd done foursomes with their parents a number of times, but somehow doing it with another set of step-siblings their own age was super stimulating. 

One the bed, Jackie squirmed further on it and sideways with Joseph following. Now, they could see their new friends fucking also. 

In between gasps, Joseph asked, "Now is anybody going to admit that my plan for us dating was better than any of us could have imagined?" 

"Yeah, you get the prize, sweetie," Kendall offered. 

Even though the two couples were watching each other, they were each still concentrating on what they were doing. Joseph was pumping fast and hard. The combination of watching him, and her own stepbrother fucking her, had Kendall's climax building. But when she heard the guttural grunts coming from Jackie followed quickly by her thrashing orgasm, Kendall couldn't help but let go herself. Wickedly, but excitedly, the two girls stared at each other as they both came massively. 

Joseph sat back on his calves and Jackie got into a similar position on the bed to catch their breaths and Kendall and Mark moved over there with them. They all started giggling. 

"That was by far some of the hottest sex I've ever had," Joseph remarked. 

"And the kinkiest," Jackie added. 

"Oh, you like kinky?" Kendall asked. 

"If this is what kinky is," Jackie noted, "then, hell, yeah." 

"Well, there's all kinds of kinky," Kendall pointed out. 

"Okay, like what else?" Jackie wanted to know. 

"Have you ever been with another girl?" The entire time she had been watching Jackie, Kendall had determined that the girl exuded a certain sexuality she had only come across in one other woman: her mother. There was just something about Jackie that Kendall wanted to explore. 

"A few times. You?" 

"Same. A few times." 

Mark smirked quietly to himself knowing that his stepsister was playing down the amount of times she and her mother had been together. 

Kendall rolled onto her back and squirmed her head under Jackie's squatting pussy. The former gently rubbed the latter's labia, spreading it slightly to run her finger lengthways along Jackie's slit. Kendall reached for Jackie's clit and twisted it between thumb and forefinger. Jackie then rose on her knees to better position herself over Kendall's mouth. 

Mark moved around behind Jackie for a better look, and seeing her stepbrother from between Jackie's legs, Kendall reached back, grabbed Mark's raging hard-on and guided it into Jackie's pussy. 

"Oooohhhhh," Jackie moaned as though she hadn't been expecting it, but then her tone instantly changed to, "YYYYYeeeeesssssss!" 

From this position, Kendall was able to tongue both Jackie's clit and her stepbrother's shaft as it slid in and out. A quick glance down the length of her own body showed Kendall that Joseph was there angling for a better vantage point. She flapped her thighs together and apart signaling him to move in on her. He got the message, and a moment later, she felt his shaft pierce her own slit and slide all the way in. His thrusts were moderate with all else going on. "Yes, Joseph, yes," Kendall cried. "Is this kinky enough for everyone?" 

A round of affirmative grunts was their response. 

Thinking about all the foursomes they had done with their parents, Kendall could not recall them doing something like this. It must be one hell of a sight. If she and Mark did another foursome with Jackie and Joseph—which now seemed quite likely—she'd have to set her phone up to video them. 

Needing air, Kendall twisted from under Jackie and sat up slightly. She kept her legs spread to enjoy the pounding she was getting from Joseph, and leaning against Jackie, she could feel her stepbrother's thrusts. Twisting her head, she noted the crazed look on the other girl signifying her enjoyment of the proceedings. She smiled at Jackie, who wrapped her arm and wrist around Kendall's neck, pulling her closer until their lips met. That was a boost to the guys who both momentarily pumped harder.  

When Kendall laid down, Joseph dragged her to the edge of the bed so he could stand to continue fucking her. Even though it didn't feel much different, Kendall found it quite exciting being screwed by another guy. Jackie was now on all four, and when Kendall tilted her head back, she found herself very close to the other girl's hanging tits. She eased her body over slightly to be able to suck Jackie's nipples. 

Tired of holding herself up, Jackie rolled over onto her back. That left Mark and Joseph standing on opposite sides of the bed fucking the girls. Jackie landed in a position that had Kendall's head in the crook between her hip and her bent leg. Kendall reached over her head and found Jackie's clit, which she rolled around with her fingertip as she felt Mark's cock sliding in and out. Jackie was able to easily reach over and fondle Kendall's breast and nipple. 

Switching up, the guys—as if on cue—dropped to their knees to tongue the girls' pussies. The wildly erotic nature of this had Kendall feeling that familiar and welcomed tingling as she built toward another climax. "Oh, Joseph, keep it up I'm close to coming," she cried. 

Joseph stepped up his attack by using fingers and tongue. 

Just as she was about to explode, Kendall yelled, "Come with me, Jackie!" 

"Help me out, Mark," Jackie pleaded, and he complied. 

As their orgasms took hold, the girls reached out and held or touched whatever part of each other's body they could as they shuddered and spasmed. Finally, Kendall had to push Joseph away as her pussy became too sensitive. A moment later, Jackie followed suit. 

Not a minute later, Kendall popped up. "Come here, stepbrother, I want to taste, this girl's pussy on your cock." Mark didn't need to be told twice, moving into position as Kendall sat on the edge of the bed. 
