 Stephanie picked up the mobile and realised that her husband had left it behind and taken hers by mistake. Idly she scrolled through to see if he had any text messages. Then she half wished she hadn't because the text read – 'if you must know they're pink with lace trimming!' It was from his secretary.

Stephanie went white. If his secretary was teasing him with her underwear it wouldn't be long before he was fucking her. The cheating bastard! Stephanie was 23 and they had only been married a couple of years. It was time to drive to the station in the small English country town where they lived and collect him from the train. 

She stormed out of the car and pushed past three guys to enter the pub next door to the railway station. 

"Excuse me," said one of them in a mocking tone, but she took no notice. Stephanie had recovered from the shock of realising that her husband was being unfaithful and was now hopping mad. Nobody should get in her way! 

The pub was formally the Railway Hotel and was a bit sleazy and not the sort of place a classy girl like Stephanie would normally frequent. However, she often dropped in if she was early or if her husband's train was late. The landlord knew her and the reason she called in and she was obviously not a prostitute! She was wearing a smart grey pleated calf length skirt and matching jacket with a rather tight nylon blouse and her general demeanour was that of a well-educated young woman.

She glanced at her watch and ordered a gin and tonic. The train from London wasn't due for a few minutes. She spotted the three good-looking boys, who she correctly deduced, came from the nearby American base. They looked at her and she glared back at them!

The mobile rang and she fished it out of her handbag. Her husband was explaining that he would be very late due to pressure of work and would she please leave the car in the car park and get a taxi home. She was about to reply when the connection cut. "Blast," she said out loud. The battery was flat. This did nothing to improve her temper and she downed her drink and ordered another. Stephanie thought to herself, bet she was sitting on his lap with his hand in her panties!

The three American boys sat fascinated. This classy, stuck up English bitch was mad about something. They could see that she was expensively dressed as she sat there with shapely her nylon clad legs crossed demurely beneath her full skirt. In fact she had been to a charity event that afternoon and had not had time to change into something more casual before leaving her house.

Stephanie began to calm down. She looked around her and the place was empty, apart from herself and the three air force boys. My God, she thought to herself, those American boys from the Base sure are well built. 

She was half Irish and had a fiery temper when she turned it on. Stephanie also had a wild side. Her schooldays at an expensive Catholic Convent had not been without its excitement. She often recalled the time when one of the Nun's had pulled the covers of the bed back to reveal Stephanie and her best friend masturbating each other. It had all been Stephanie's fault. She always was a daredevil and a spot of lesbian fun relieved the boredom of that straight-laced environment.

What the hell can I do to get even with him, she thought. Then she finished her drink and rose to leave. Once more she ignored the Americans as she swept past them to leave. 

"Hey, just a minute," said one of them. "What are you mad about Honey?" 

Stephanie was about to ask what the hell business was it of his, but thought better of it. "Oh, its my husband. He's having it off with his secretary if you really want to know," she said. 

"Ok, Ok, don't take it out on us," another one of them said. 

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"Well you barged past us when you came in and we thought that you were a bit out of order," 

"Sorry boys," Stephanie realised that in her temper she might have done just that. "Sorry boys, not your fault," she said and gave them a sweet smile before leaving.

She made her way to the taxi rank and her heart raced as she heard the pub door open and close as she crossed the road.

As she suspected, the American boys were coming after her. She should never have given them that sweet smile. It was the only encouragement they needed "Hey, you don't need to take a taxi, we can run you home."

Stephanie's wild side took over. She would show that cheating husband of hers that two could play at that game. What the hell. "OK guys, take me home," she said recklessly. 

Without further ado she was literally bundled into their car and finished up on the back seat between two of them. Her self-imposed predicament made her frightened and despite herself the feeling of helplessness was causing her to become aroused. She knew very well that the only reason they were in the pub was to pick up a girl or two to have some fun with and they were unlikely to take no for an answer. She shuddered at the thought. 

"We thought you were just a stuck up English bitch," said one of them. 

"Yes, I guess you did," "Sorry boys," she said once again. 

"That's OK," said the boy on her left. "Why don't you come to our place and have a little drink first? Yeah", said his friend. "Then we can be friends."

Stephanie thought, yes I bet I know just how friendly you want to be! But then her reckless streak took over again and she said, "Ok you guys but you must be good little boys!"

"Oh, we will, we will," they chorused!

They arrived at one of many cottages and apartments rented by the American authorities for their servicemen and was quickly escorted in again by one each side. They think I want to make a run for it, she thought to herself.

Stephanie's jacket was slipped from her shoulders by one of them before she could object and she looked around apprehensively. She was a fawn in the lion's den. 

There was a sofa and a couple of easy chairs and one of them patted the sofa beside him. It was clear that their victim was being ordered to sit down. Once again she found herself in the middle. As she sat down she spotted a large double bed through a half open door. The sacrificial chamber thought Stephanie and shivered with a combination of fear and sexual excitement. Why ever had she agreed to go with them?

"Drink Honey?" Said one of them. "Bourbon on the rocks?"

"That will do fine," she said nervously. 

They chatted together for the next few minutes and Stephanie began to loosen up and feel a little more relaxed.

Then the one who they called Mark and who Stephanie found really handsome, was behind her on the sofa with another drink in his hand which he handed down to her.

"Thank you Mark," she said politely in her cultured English accent.

With that he reached down and cupped her breasts in his hands and squeezed them gently. He trapped her erect nipples between his fingers through her thin blouse. "Thought so," he said. "No bra. I like that."

Stephanie gasped but Mark wasn't finished yet and kissed her slyly on one of her ears whilst still fondling her breasts. His face was in her lovely long blond hair and her perfume was overpowering. It was his turn to catch his breath. "You really are a lovely girl", he told her.

Perhaps it was his gentle and disarming manner and perhaps it was partly his hot breath on her ear but somehow Stephanie did not object. Instead she went very red and said nothing. 

Then of the boys beside her began to unbutton her blouse but this time Stephanie began to struggle with him and pulled his hand away. Immediately Mark reached down and pinned her arms along the back of the sofa. She was helpless while her blouse was pulled out from her skirt and soon it was wide open and the three bucks were gazing on Stephanie's pure white gorgeous breasts. Whilst her nipples were being gently nipped and kissed and fondled Mark had released her arms from his iron grip and was kneeling in front of her. She felt her legs being opened wide.

"No, no, please don't do that," she said lamely. But it was too late and Mark had pulled her full skirt up her thighs and pulled her sticky damp panties to one side and was skilfully kissing her pussy and his tongue was playing with her clit.

It was all over for Stephanie and she knew it. She had no resolve left once her pussy came under attack. Anyway what about that cheating husband of hers? A little voice was saying, "what the hell. "It was her wild streak taking over again. Stephanie was beginning to enjoy herself.

He was about to stop fucking her with his tongue but she had been aroused almost since she first set eyes on them and could feel an orgasm coming. 

Despite her embarrassment she couldn't help herself. "Don't stop. Please don't stop now," she gasped and his face was trapped between her quivering thighs as she involuntarily opened and closed her legs in the grip of her orgasm.

Mark looked up at her and grinned. Then he released the belt of her skirt and she was made to stand up. The skirt fell to the floor and Mark picked it up when she stepped out of it.

Each of them stripped to the waist and Stephanie could not help but admire their glistening bodies and bulging muscles. They knew their victim had surrendered.

Mark was stroking a huge bulge in his boxers. For some reason she looked up at him with a pleading look on her face.

He sat down beside her and released his throbbing dick. Stephanie went pale. "Oh, my God," she said. " Oh my God, Its big!" Then took it in her hand and enthusiastically started to jack him off.

Stephanie was then ordered to stand and led her by the hand to the adjoining bedroom. As they did so she glanced at herself in the mirror. All she had on was her white blouse, which gaped wide open, her sexy, full-cut panties and a pair of grip-top stockings. Her hair was dishevelled and her lipstick was smudged. She was a slave girl about to be pleasured and she shivered with excitement and apprehension.

One of them pointed to the bed and she dutifully lay on it. Mark knelt between her legs. He leaned over her and kissed her passionately. Then he whispered into her ear. "Time to take those sexy schoolgirl panties off," and he grasped the waistband while she obediently lifted her bottom so that he could slip them off.

"And they're not "schoolgirl panties," she scolded him, smiling. "My husband brought them back from Paris for me."

Mark looked down at her. She lay there looking so vulnerable with her legs wide apart in just her stockings and wide open blouse. He stroked her shaven pussy with the back of his fingers. "You're so wet," he said hoarsely.

"And whose fault is that", you bully, she said.

Then he remembered her initial struggle when they had stripped her to the waist against her will. Was she agreeing to be fucked because she was afraid of them?

"Honey, you won't start hollering blue murder afterwards and say we raped you?"

In reply Stephanie pulled his head down to hers and whispered hotly in his ear. "Mark Honey, just fuck me will you, OK?" 

He seized her ankles and pulled her legs wide apart and she excitedly jacked his dick off a few more times before guiding it into slide into her hot, tight pussy. 

Once more she looked into his eyes. "Be gentle with me," she said in a quivering voice. 

Her pussy lips were stretched and he was half afraid of hurting her as he slowly thrust in and out in a kneeling position. 

Impatiently she pulled him down on top of her and he placed his hands on the bed above her head so as not to crush her. Her arms reached out and she clung to his powerful shoulders. 

Stephanie was panting and looking straight at him. "Do it to me, Oh do it to me," she was moaning. "Yes that's right. Just like that. Harder, harder, do it harder," she demanded. "Oh, I cumin, I cumin," she gasped and her legs were shaking and involuntarily closing and opening once again in the throes of an uncontrollable orgasm.

He could feel her throbbing vagina. "Ohhh! yes, ohhh! Yes, that was wonderful," and she covered Mark's face with little kisses. 

Then she noticed the other two boys standing there, both naked and gently jerking themselves off and waiting their turn. Somehow the sight of an audience excited her even more. This conservative little English girl was being gangbanged and she was loving it.

But Mark was wild for her and refused to let the others have their turn. 

Stephanie struggled to be released from underneath him and he let her go. She loved to be in charge and Mark was made to lie on his back on the bed while she faced him and sat on his rock hard dick. Soon she was riding him furiously. Her hands swept her blouse back as she placed her hands on her waist. Her firm breasts thrust out and she managed a brief smile of triumph as she sat upright on her captive and looked down on him.

Suddenly he pulled her roughly down so that her breasts were crushed against his chest and held her arms tightly behind her back. 

"You are hurting me," she cried and he released her arms to hold his hands firmly on her soft bottom whilst he thrust up into her with the speed of a machine gun. Then his time had come and he threw her off him. .

Eagerly she seized his throbbing dick and began furiously jacking him off. She was the one in charge now and she looked right into his eyes and grinned as he violently squirted into his condom.

In the next few minutes the other two took turns to fuck her in just about every position they could think of and each of them was treated to her favourite position. 

Stephanie lost count of the times that she had orgasmed. There were several condoms on the floor before they were all exhausted and left Stephanie spread-eagled on the bed.

They sat on the sofa and watched this pretty English girl provocatively pull her panties on in front of them. Then she stepped into her skirt. She buttoned up her blouse and tucked it in before turning her back on them to do her hair and lipstick in the mirror. She slipped her smart jacket back on and shook her head to release her long blond hair from beneath the collar. Then she turned to face them with her jacket swept back and her hands on her hips to accentuate her breasts in the tight blouse. "OK guys?" she asked, needlessly looking for their approval. 

"Gorgeous," one of them said with feeling and held his pecker through his track bottoms. 

As they sat on the sofa her pussy was almost the same height as their faces. Stephanie was now completely shameless. She faced Mark, who she made no secret, was her favourite. "Kiss it better slave," she demanded and lifted her full, pleated skirt and placed it over his head. 

His hands slid up her nylon clad thighs and under her panties to caress her voluptuous bottom. Then he kissed her pussy through those sexy panties. 

She held his head in her hands and bent down to gave him an affectionate wet kiss. Stephanie had been given a master class in sex.

She looked at her tormenters and could see that the provocative way that she dressed in front of them was proving to be dangerous. One of them had his hand in his pocket and had started playing with himself again.

"Hey, I really have got to go before you guys start on me all over again," she said, laughing.

Stephanie made it up with her husband but avoided the Railway Hotel in future. However, one evening as she was waiting across the road in her car she spotted the three of them. They had obviously just picked up a young teenager and she was giggling as they bundled her into their car. Stephanie sat in the car contemplating her fate – the lucky little slut!