 You can imagine my surprise when I fucked Justin. No? Well, you'll be able to after I explain. I was fresh out of high school, 19, and had been in love with this man for, well, practically forever. I met him through a mutual friend, Danielle, who was also in love with him, and who wanted me to talk to him, so that I could talk her up. If you follow me...

Now, this was an unusual request to start with, because Danielle is, or I should say was, a lesbian. She suddenly declares she's bi, and desperately need me to talk to Justin for her. I was hesitant. My plight was this: I'm also bisexual, and was totally in love with Danielle. I had always fantasized about her; us kissing, her hands between my thighs, my face between hers; her lovely long fingers caressing me all over. She just made me shiver all over. 

My heart was crushed when she decided she only had eyes for Justin, but she was too beautiful to say no to. Chestnut hair that flowed like water to just past her shoulders, perky breasts like small peaches, and an intoxicating habit of wearing vanilla perfume; and who could refuse the biggest pair of pleading green eyes on the planet? Not me.

So I did it, a bit reluctantly I'll admit, and immediately fell head over heels (again). I couldn't have mail-ordered a man any better. Tall, dark haired, dark eyed, smoking hot, Bob-Dylan looking man. (Now, I realize that not everyone thinks that Bob Dylan is the sexiest thing on earth, but I do!!!)

He played guitar, listened to jazz, was sophisticated, had the ghost of facial hair, and was a rebel. He was charming, polite, had the sexiest voice you've ever heard. He said that Jeff Buckley would charm the pants off any woman, and boy was he right. And, after I so eloquently spoke of her attributes, he was dating Danielle. Perfect, right? ( I began to think I shouldn't have spoken so flatteringly of her....oh well.)

So, as all the stories go, I loved him and her from afar, dated many others in the meantime, and secretly conjured up both of their faces when I masturbated in the shower. One fantasy became three; him alone, her alone, and the three of us together. Same old, same old. Until the week after graduation. 

All of us were very active with the local theater company, and contributed to most of the shows. After the final showing of "Little Red Harley Girl" (our clever interpretation of the classic), chance happened to throw Justin and I together after the cast party. Alone.

Cleanup crew. Ah, the illustrious jobs assigned to the newest member of the cast. I sulkily put a Jeff Buckley CD into the player, and, dragging my feet, headed for the broom closet. I opened the door, and removed the broom, feeling like a very awkward, not to mention backwards Cinderella. The ball came first, the prince was gone, and here I stand, both shoes in hand, resigned to my cleaning duties once more.

I chucked my red strappy heels to the corner, and sighed. Theater people are too messy. The floor was littered with junk from the party. I had just begun to sweep all this crap up, when the stage door opened. "You missed the show, next time read the ticket!" 

I called out, still unable to see the new arrival. Justin's deep sexy laugh floated out of the darkness. "Feeling a bit surly are we, Red?" 

He chuckled. I sighed at his pet name for me, brought about from my ember-red hair, and sarcastically thought, "Damn, here's man o' my dreams again. I gotta stop dreaming about him, it ain't gonna happen." He stepped into the light, and I tossed a crumpled paper napkin at him playfully. 

"Damn right I'm surly, since when does it fall to the lead actress to clean up after the rest of you slobs?" I retorted. 

He snatched the napkin out of the air, and clutched it to his chest in mock-agony. 

" A slob? Darling, I'm hurt!" he moaned, in characteristic drama form. 

I sighed and continued sweeping. He laughed, and said, "Well, if you don't want my help, just say so. Jeeze, I never knew redheads were so moody. I just came back to give you a hand with the 'manual labor'." I straightened up, and grinned. 

"Good, here, you can start with this," I said, and tossed him the broom. 

He caught it deftly, and spun it like a baton. 

"As the star actress commands," he said, and bowed deeply. 

I flushed almost as red as the barely thigh-length dress I was wearing, and turned around quickly, so he wouldn't see it.

And then the trouble began.

He began sweeping, and I started picking up the larger bits of trash, very carefully bending away from him, so he wouldn't get any glimpse of the area I so desperately wanted his face to be buried in. On the second piece of trash, disaster struck. I heard a tiny 'snap' and then a cool breeze hit my pussy. My g-string, so carefully picked out at the local smut shop, so delicate and red, had snapped. I mumbled under my breath, "Damn cheap elastic,"

and clenched my thighs so that the very small piece of string and fabric would not tumble to the stage floor. Shit. Shit. Double shit.

Oblivious, he kept sweeping, as I managed to maneuver my way behind a piece of the set, and drop my broken underwear. "Dammit," I whispered. 

From the other side, he called out, "Hey, where'd you go?" 

I fumbled around loudly, pretending to shove something into my trash bag. "Oh nothing" I called out cheerily, "just getting the big stuff from behind here." 

"Oh," floated back to me. "Ok." And the sweeping resumed. 

I surveyed the destroyed undies. Hmmmm...... there was only a small tear, and looked like it could be easily fixed. The brilliant thought of "hey, I'll just leave it here until Justin leaves, and then I'll come back for it," surfaced. Yup, I'm a genius. 

I walked out from behind the scenery, abandoning my g-string, and continued (very carefully) picking up trash. Justin looked up and asked me, "Hey, what's the matter? You feeling ok?" 

I straightened up immediately, and tried to look nonchalant. "I'm fine, why do you ask?" 

"Well, " he replied, "your face is really flushed, and I just wondered if maybe the excitement of tonight was getting to you or something." 

I gasped, and clapped my hands to my face. "Um, I don't know. I'll....uh, I ......need to go to the bathroom! " I stuttered, and I took off like an idiot.

When I returned, blush subsiding, Justin was still sweeping. He didn't appear to be very good at it. My composure regained, I mounted the stage and asked him, "What exactly are you doing with that broom?"

He laughed, and said "Well, I seem to be just pushing the dirt around aimlessly."

I sighed, and took the broom again. "You know," I said, "we'll never get this placed cleaned up at this rate." 

And I began to sweep.

This progressed for several minutes, and my attention turned away from the sexy man behind me and to the task at hand. I leaned forward slightly, to reach a pile a gunk under the balcony stairs, when I felt a rough finger slide gently up my slit. I gasped, and straightened up, without thinking, and whacked the hell outa my head on the underside of the balcony stairs. I saw stars, and sank to my knees, holding my head. "Ow!!" I moaned.

Suddenly, strong arms were helping me to my feet. I looked up at him, holding me in close, and assumed I was passed out and dreaming. So I laid my head on my 'dream lover's' chest. "That fucking hurt," I sighed. He stroked my hair with one hand and whispered, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean for that to happen." 

My eyebrows knit in confusion. This so did not feel like a dream.

He asked me, "You ok?" and I nodded. 

He murmured, "Good," and stroked my hair again. Then the wakeup call came. He ran one hand from my hair, down my chest, and right down between my legs. A finger pushed it's way between my folds, and started massaging my clit! I couldn't believe it!! 


I pulled back a bit in shock, and his other arm pulled me close again. He whispered in my ear. "I found your panties." 

Oh shit. I tried to say something, anything, but his hand was coaxing my pussy into a welcomed wetness, and my mind was too distracted to answer my frantic pleas.

I sagged towards him slightly, loosing strength in my knees, and he swooped me up off my feet, and carried me to the stage couch. Before I had any time to react, he was kissing my passionately, while Jeff Buckley played on in the background. His hand again strayed to my pussy, and this time he slid one of his guitar-callused fingers deep inside me. Needless to say, by this point I was wet enough to accommodate him.

He paused in his kissing to move to my nipples, gently sliding my dress off my shoulder and helping me feed my arm through. I sighed happily, and then asked him, "What about..." and he cut me off. 

"We broke up." he said tersely, and then slid his tongue around my erect nipple.

I moaned "Just wondering" and then lost myself in the ecstasy of it all. 

His hand was teasing me softly beneath my dress, one finger sliding back and forth over my clit, only lingering for a moment, while another finger slid slowly in and out of my sopping pussy. 

"Damn....." I mumbled, and he hesitated. 

I arched my back, shoving myself onto his finger. "Don't stop!"

With that he resumed, and then leaned up to kiss me again. I reached for his belt, fumbling with the simple clasp. That undone, and with the button eluding me, I slid his zipper down, careful not to catch him. His cock bounded out at me, larger that I had expected, and very hard.

I pulled back and asked him "Can I go down on you?"

He grinned from ear to ear, and slid up on the couch. "You don't have to ask, you know." 

I grinned too, and slid off the couch, to my knees. His cock was so big, I wasn't sure if I could handle it. But I was willing to give it a try. I ran my tongue over the head, collecting his clear precum. He groaned, and I took just the head of him into my mouth, tracing my name onto the head of his prick with my tongue. God, he tasted so good.

I was born with an interesting ability: The tongue roll. I can roll my tongue like waves on a heavy sea, and that's just what I did. I rolled all the way down his huge cock, or, as far as I could get anyway. I swirled and lapped and ate that cock like a starving woman with a cheeseburger. He loved it. Suddenly, his cock tensed and he whispered, "I'm gonna....." 

I quickly pulled him out of my mouth....and crawled up him slowly. "Not yet you aren't"

He groaned as I slid his head inside me. The feel of him, so thick between my slick walls, was almost too much to bear. I came, suddenly and violently, and slid all the way down onto his engorged cock. His hips thrust up against me, and I pulled back, matching him thrust for thrust. He grabbed my shoulders, pulling me down onto him, harder and harder. I moaned is agony/ecstasy, and ground my hips downward, taking all of him in again. He whispered "Goddam I love the way you feel." 

I smiled, and kissed him again, our tongues twirling together. I rocked on him, slower then, in and out, in and out, slower and slower and slower until we almost weren't moving. The friction was almost unbearable for both of us, and then I quickened the pace. Faster and faster, harder and harder, I slammed down onto him. He grabbed my ass, clenching me to him, pulling me down, spurring me on.....and we came.

Both of us, at the same time. I felt the dam break, and I screamed, the sound echoing around the theater. I felt his gush inside me, and he fell back on the sofa, limp, in exhaustion. I slid off him, stripped off my sweaty dress, and curled up next to him. He sighed, "I've wanted to do that for a long time."

And then the clapping came. A single pair of hands, clapping loudly, slowly, and mockingly. We both leaped up, and I dove for my dress, struggling to pull the damp silk back over me. A familiar female voice floated up to us. 

"Well well well, what have we here? Ladies and gentlemen, what a show! Justin, king of the hard on, and Kitten, queen of the sluts!" 

I recognized the voice. Danielle! My mind raced. Oh shit. She saw it all. And I was supposed to be her friend. Justin was hastily pulling on his pants, when she reached the stage. She came closer, and put a hand out to stop him. "Now, just wait one second lover," she said, daintily. 

"You could just keep those off, if you wanted." 

She slid one hand inside his fly, and pulled out his now-flaccid cock. I was in shock. What was she doing? Danielle pulled out a chair, and set Justin down on it. "You stay here, lover. Kitten's got something I want, and I intend to take it back." 

I still sat in shock. What was she talking about? 

She approached me slowly. "Kitten, " she said, "you've been very bad, you know. Justin is still my boyfriend, and you took something from him that belongs to me." 

She pushed me back onto the couch, and I pulled my legs together. She was very close to me now. I showed her my hands and said "I don't have anything, I swear!" 

She pushed my legs apart, and got on her knees in front of me. "Oh yes you do," she said, slyly. "You've got his cum." 

And with that she lowered her lips to my swollen pussy lips.

I gasped and tried to pull back, but she grabbed my legs and pulled me down onto her tongue. I began to melt, I mean, damn! She was so good at this. Her tongue darted in and out of me, lapping up his cum; it crawled over my clit with an agonizing slowness. Her teeth nipped at me softly, grazing my bud gently, and oh god, the sucking! She sucked my pussy dry, and came back for more. She gently slid one manicured finger inside my damp pussy, while still sucking on my clit, and I moaned. I heard an echoed moan, and looked up to see Justin on the edge of his seat, wanking his cock, which had sprung to life again. But the glance was only momentary as she curled her finger to probe for my g-spot. I was lost in her again, and she played me like a violin. When she ran her tongue, flat, like a dog, from my asshole all the way to my clit, I couldn't contain it anymore. I came hard, and flooded her face with my juice.

She moved away from my pussy, and I pulled her to me. 

"One good turn deserves another, don't you think?" I asked her, as I slid my index finger up her skirt. 

She had on lace thong panties, and I deftly moved them away, finding her wetter than I was, and slippery. I inhaled deeply, the scent of her convincing me that I wasn't dreaming. She slid to the couch, sighing in agreement. I grasped the edge of her dress, and pulled it up over her head. She gasped, and I leaned over her, whispering softly, "He told me that yall broke up, y'know?" 

She murmured "We didn't...he lied." 

I contemplated for a moment, still sliding my index finger in and out of her slit. Then, an idea struck. I whispered, "It appears we've both been decieved.....how bout we give him a show , and then bail?" 

She grinned, and whispered back, "Hmm, sounds like a plan Kitty Cat, but you have to get naked too! " 

And with that she stripped off my damp dress.

I shivered at the momentary cold, my nipples perking swiftly. Danielle grabbed one of them and twisted it gently, causing a spark of fire to race up my spine. I leaned forward and grabbed a hand full of her dark-brown hair, pulling her face down to mine. I grazed her lips with mine, slowly tracing them with the tip of my tongue. Her tongue slid out to meet mine, and for a moment the entire world ceased to exist as we kissed like the fondest of lovers. I slid two fingers back into her wet pussy, and she leaned into my hand. Rubbing her clit with my thumb, and slipping the two fingers in and out of her was making me so wet. I removed my other hand from her hair and slid it down to my pussy, massaging my clit. We were both so close, just being together was doing wonders for both of us. 

Apparently, it was doing wonders for Justin too, who we had both completely forgotten about. He had crept up onto the couch, and had been watching intently. When my hand encountered something other than Danielle's pussy, I paused, breaking our kiss. It was Justin's hand, toying with her pussy. He was everywhere that I wasn't, and at that, all thought of revenge was gone. All I wanted was to fuck both of them, right now; to live out my best fantasy. I guided his other hand to my pussy, and the adventure began. He rubbed and twisted, and Danielle and I moaned in harmony. We all moved to the stage floor, and Justin positioned Danielle in front of him. As he slowly thrust his engorged cock inside her, I slid between them, still kissing Danielle, and caressing her lovely pink nipples. Justin grabbed my ass and pulled it upwards, burying his mouth in my pussy. With tongue deep inside of me, and his dick so far inside Danielle that she could probably taste it, none of us could last very long. I felt Danielle shudder underneath me, and I knew that she had cum. I moved to the side, reluctantly removing my muff from Justin's face, and turned my attentions to their coupling. 

Watching his hard cock slamming into her was so hot, and I wanted to be a part of that. I crawled beneath and lapped at the juices running down her thighs and seeping out of her pussy. She moaned like a cat in heat (no pun intended) as I ran one finger over her tight ass-hole. Justin, who had been watching me intently whispered, "Do it Red, do it. Fuck her ass Red." 

I obliged him, slipping my already lubed finger into her tight ass-hole. She yelped and pushed back against me, and I started sliding my finger in and out in time with Justin's thrusts. She started moaning, "Oh god you guys, I'm gonna cum." 

With that, Justin redoubled his efforts, and I, never one to be left out of anything, began to suck on his balls. He stiffened and warned us, "I'm gonna blow!" 

Danielle moaned, "Cum on my tits darling, cum on my tits," and within seconds he complied. 

Spurt after spurt of warm cum splattered on her luscious breasts, and the thought of 'peaches and cream' crossed my mind momentarily. He sat back on his haunches, and I cleaned every last bit of cum off of his shrinking cock. And then we all passed out for a while.

When we woke, feeling very rested and considerable less horny, we pondered the situation as friends. Danielle made the point that Justin had cheated on her with me, but that she wasn't mad at me since I really had no idea. I agreed, and even though I loved him, I was a bit pissed that he had cheated on my best friend, and used me to do it. So they decided to part, on good terms though, (hey, they say that break up sex is some of the best sex) and we all headed to out to our cars. Danielle walked beside me, and suddenly slid her hand around my waist. She whispered softly in my ear, "I had fun tonight Kitten, maybe we should do this again sometime." 

I slipped my hand around her waist as well, and told her, "Any time darling." 

We shared a grin and a sexy, long good night kiss, and well, things have been much better since.