 Authors Note: I wanted to post this because I think it can stand alone. It is tied in with my story Desperation only it's not quite so farfetched. It's in the same universe and has the same characters only-I hope-I've worked out some of the kinks. I went back and read Desperation and I thought, 'wow I wrote this as a final draft?' I made a mistake saying that Rose was a 30 E . . . yeah that was a typo she's really a 40 E, if she wasn't she would look really under proportioned. I have about 20 different stories regarding this odd family of giants, but I don't think I can classify all of them as science fiction considering the situation is relatively normal. Anyway this is one of the perspectives of the characters named Stephanie. It might not make a whole lot of sense because I had to omit the first chapter because it broke a lot of rules. If you want to read it first or have questions in general message me, but I did attempt some explanation as to how everything works. Otherwise all character involved in the sexual portion are 18 or over. 




It was about two in the morning and all the girls had flocked to my room after Gina had a nightmare. I was about to fall asleep when there was a commotion in the hallway. There were several teeny tiny voices asking questions around me before I could ignore whatever was going on. I stood up and threw my robe on. 

"Stay in here," I ordered. I had a pretty good idea what was going on and when I opened the door I found out that I was right. Mom had gotten pregnant again. This time only with twins and that was about nine months ago. Dad was walking her down the hallway and she was grabbing her beach ball abdomen. Dad made eye contact with me, "I'll take care of them," I said. 

He nodded, "I'll call you when it's alright to come see her," he said. Translation, mom is going to force him to go home and get rest when everything has calmed down. I kissed mom on the forehead and went back into the room. Jessie had moved out with Mikael-her husband-so I had the room to myself for a while. That is until the girls started having nightmares. I liked it most when they slept in the room anyway. It worked as long as they were all small enough to fit in my bed with me. I closed the door and threw off my robe. 

"What's going on," Rose asked. 

"Mommy is going to have more babies," I said. 

"Yay!" They all started to shout. 

I shushed them, "Sorry," they all whispered. 

"Come on, let's go to bed," I said. 

"But," Gina started to say. 

"Now," I ordered. I jumped into bed and they scooted in around me. When I got them calmed down they all started breathing sleepily. My eyes closed and I fell asleep fast. When I was sleeping with someone I always had better dreams, therefore sleeping with four little angels usually gave me very good sleep. When I woke up this time it was at about seven am so I got out of bed slowly so as not to wake the girls up. I was going to have to take a bath with them anyway before school, but I liked to clean up before so I could just get them in out and under my styling comb. I cleaned up and put my hair back in a ponytail. I was surprised that I had let it grow to my shoulders after years of a pixie cut, but I didn't really have the time it took to make that look great all the time. Besides, I liked making the girls look great all the time. It was my lot in life ever since I graduated high school and got that job in the Salon in south Sac. The girls there used to think I couldn't take care of myself, then I broke a robber's femur and they never questioned me again. Once I had my hair dried off I went back out into the room and the sun was out. 

"Alright you four I know you're awake," I said. I went over to each one of them and sure enough they were awake just reluctant to get out of bed as usual. "Hey, do you know what day it is," I asked. 

Lily shot up being the first to figure it out as usual, "It's Friday," she said like a happy koala. The rest of them got quickly out of bed. I threw on my robe and walked out with the four of them. We went to their room and picked out some clothes for them to wear. Afterward I took them downstairs and had them sit up at the counter. I went to the fridge and found a note. 'Everyone ate cereal today' it read in Sara's abnormally good cursive. I got the milk out of the fridge and some cereal out of the cabinet. I poured them both into four child bowls and gave each one to the girls. 

"Now I'll be right back I need to go start the bath okay, so don't make any messes," I said. I walked into the group bathroom just down the hall and started the three faucets. It was big enough to fit Jessie, Masen, Jared and I in it comfortably now, so I always used it for the girls. I went back out to make sure there wasn't a food fight where breakfast used to be. Not that there had ever been one, but you can never be too careful. There was no change that I could see so I went to the cabinet and pulled out a bagel. I started munching on it what I noticed something strange in Rose's milk. There was a purpling metallic liquid forming. She picked up a spoonful and was about to eat it when I smacked it out of her hand. The four of them looked at me terrified. 

"Rose, you have mommy's venom," I said pointing at the purple. "If you had eaten it you would have gotten sick," I said. I checked the others and found it in Lily's bowl too, but not in Amanda's or Gina's. They were almost empty anyway, so I took them all to the sink and dumped them out. "Alright, let's go take a bath," I said. 

The all scurried off to the family bathroom and I sauntered after them. When I got there they were already undressed and getting in. I closed the door, turned the water off and got in after them very carefully not getting my already dried hair wet. Usually they splashed around for a bit before I had them clean each other, but since it was Friday they made a good deal of getting the washing done quickly. I grabbed each one then cleaned and conditioned their hair. It was a lot easier to do in a bathtub than in a sink. Once they were all done I pulled the plug and we all got out. They all got wrapped in towels and we went back upstairs. When we were back in my room we got dressed and I got busy styling each one of them. I was thinking maybe curls for Lily, gentle waves for Rose, a twisty braid for Gina and a braided ponytail with curls around the head for Amanda. By the time I was done it was almost time for their kindergarten class to start. 

"Alright girls, let's get going," I said. We got our shoes on and went into the garage. The beauty of being tall was that booster seats became unnecessary very early for us. When everyone was strapped in to the Maxima we left. I drove a little faster than really necessary for child transport, but we got there in good enough time. I rushed them all to the Kindergarten section that was fenced off so all the little kids wouldn't go wandering off. Ms. Witherow-my old kindergarten teacher-gave me a stern look because just as they walked through the gate the final bell rang. 

"Well, at least they look nice Stephanie," she said. 

"Sorry Ms. W, I promised them," I said. 

She rolled her eyes and looked to the side, "Aren't those your brothers?" She asked pointing at two boys who looked more like teenagers the way they towered over the man they were next to. I walked over to them briskly because it looked like they were in an argument. Sure enough the boys were in tears and being yelled at. They may have been 6'0" apiece, but they were still only eight. 

"What's going on?" I asked when I got there. 

"Are these yours," the man said angrily. 

"They're my brothers," I said. 

"Tell me, how are two eight year olds taller than six feet?" He asked. 

"Our mother is 6'7" and our father is 7'6" that's how," I shot back. He grabbed my wrist with surprising force and threw me back in a burst of fire. Wow usually it was Jared who did that to me and it was usually because I smacked him first. This was not playful though. 

"You take these perverts out of my sight, I don't want to see you or them here again," he yelled. 

"Don't count on it," I whispered. I motioned for Michael and Tony to come with me and I pulled out my cell phone and called dad. 

"Hello," he answered after the first ring. 

"Dad, its Stephanie I need help I was just attacked," I said. 

"Where are you," he asked in a bone chilling tone. 

"I'm at the front of the elementary school," I said. The phone cut off, "You're so dead," I muttered. 

"If you called the cops it's my word over yours little girl," the man said. Not five seconds after he started walking in our direction dad materialized in front of us. 

"Who did it," he ordered. I pointed in the man's direction. They both started walking at each other like they were going to kill one another. 

"Are those your kids," the teacher asked. 

"Yes, which means you're the man I'm going to kill for hurting them," he said. Maybe I should have called Ashley or maybe Riley. The man threw fire at dad, but dad split it in half. "You're a dragon?" Dad asked. 

"Yes, are you?" He asked. 

Dad nodded, "You were a dragon and you had the nerve to attack my daughter," dad said unbelievably. 

"Those boys aren't third graders; they're sick teenagers trying to get into a children's classroom," he spat. 

"They're eight! What were you called on Zestra the moron?" Dad asked. 

"I was called The Great Pride," he said. "I remember your family, you were practically responsible for the start of the war," dad said. 

"Oh yeah well what were you called," he said. 

"The Death Soarer," dad said. The man's face went pale and he stepped back. We never did understand dad's status on his old planet, but it was pretty apparent in this other dragon's eyes. "I dealt with your mistakes once and let you live; Leniency isn't exactly my strong suit," dad said. 

"Please, I didn't know oh god," the man pled. Dad wrapped his hand around the man's arm. 

"This time I'll let you live, but you will suffer what you deserve for hurting my daughter," he said. There was a strange charging sound in the air. I covered the boy's eyes by putting their faces in my shoulders and the teacher started to shake, squint, and foam at the mouth. After about ten seconds dad threw him into the wall. He turned and walked towards us. I took back my hands from the boy's faces amazed the entire time that no one bothered to see what was happening. 

"I'm going to check Michael and Tony out for the day, do you mind driving them home," he asked. 

"Not at all," I said. 

He touched my face concerned and then my arm, "Are you alright," he asked. 

I nodded, "It's just one of those days," I said. 

"I know what you mean. I'll see you back home soon, I left Sarah and Melody stranded at the hospital with your mother," he said. He kissed my forehead then lips and left. Michael and Tony got in the car and we drove off. I didn't think it was possible, but I'm even more tired now than I was before. I really should have knocked on wood or something when I thought that because before we even got over the hill on Arden Way, the front tire blew out and we skidded to the side of the road. 

"Oh come on," I muttered. "Alright, looks like we're getting out," I said. We got out and I checked the damage. "Son of a bitch," I said. The tire was totally ripped apart. I looked closer and found a nail in it. It was more of a railroad spike, but it was sharp enough to do this. I went to the trunk and got out the spare tire, the wrench and the . . . the jack wasn't there. I tore the trunk apart and the jack was nowhere to be seen. I put the other things on the ground and calmed myself down. I went into the driver seat and turned on the emergency lights. I knocked my head slightly on the hood of the car. 

"Hey Steph," one of the boys said. 

"What is it?" I asked. 

"We can walk home from here," they said. 

"That would probably be best, unless you want to wait here with me," I said. "No we'll walk," Michael said. "Alright just don't talk to strangers," I said hugging them each in one arm and kissing their cheeks. They walked off in the other direction. Our house was easier to walk to if you took the bike trail so that was at least a consolation. They probably wouldn't see any bad company on this side of Watt Avenue. I sat around for a while wondering who I should call for this. I reached around the glove box for the insurance information, but it had just expired last week. I rested my head against the headrest and took a deep breath. 

"Car trouble miss," a voice asked very suddenly from the window. I had a mini freak out from the surprise. 

"Oh sorry, yeah my front right tire is blown," I said. The man walked over to the right side of the car. I figured I might as well get out making sure he wasn't some hubcap thief. When I reached him he stood all the way up and I stifled a gasp. He wasn't any taller than the twins but god he was . . . well gorgeous. He had tanned skin that hinted toward some Native American or Hispanic lineage and long black hair that was unfair how smooth it looked. His eyes were cobalt blue somehow and his teeth looked like pearls when he smiled which was very frequently. 

"What?" He asked. I didn't realize that I was staring at him until he asked that. 

"You're wearing a rubber band to keep your hair back," my internal hair stylist vocalized. 

"Uh, yeah I do that," he said very amused at my ridiculous speculation. "It looks like you have everything here," he said. 

If only it were that easy, "The jack is missing," I said. 

"Oh dang, well you can borrow mine if you want, I'll even change your tire complementary," he said. 

"That wouldn't be too much trouble would it?" I asked. 

"Not at all, I'll be right back," he said. He walked behind the car and to my great pleasure he drove a private owned tow truck and not the kind that dragged your car around, the one that carried it on the back. Finally some good luck. He jumped in the back for a second and came back out with a large car jack on wheels. I felt like hugging him and not just because he was about to fix my car. He put the jack under the car and grabbed the wrench. "So what brings you to this side of the road," he asked while undoing the lug nuts. 

"Well I was dropping my sisters off at school and was about to take my brothers home for the day when my tire went out," I said. 

"How many siblings do you have," he asked. 

"Well as of this morning I have sixteen," I said. 

"Wow really, I thought I had a lot with five sisters and a brother. Are you the oldest?" He asked. 

"No my sister Renee is," I said. 

"Are you all this tall or are your legs just great like that on their own?" He asked. 

I tried to hide the fact that I was blushing, "Uh, no it's all of us," I said. He pumped the jack a few times and pulled the tire off. Thankfully my parents didn't really believe in having those temporary tires so all of the cars had a full sized replacement. "So how long have you been a mechanic?" I asked. 

"Since I got out of high school, my dad wanted me to go into his law business, but I really couldn't take all that paperwork, he still has my little sisters and brother to put it on though," he said. He tightened the nuts in place set the car down and tightened them even harder. "Well that should do it; Here take my card in case you ever need help again, if anyone else has car trouble, if you want to go out sometime," he said. 

"What?" I asked. 

"What?" he said immediately like nothing was different. I pulled the pen out of his shirt pocket and wrote my cell number on the card. 

"It's customary for you to do that part," I said giving him back the card. 

"Jason Stratton," he said holding out his hand. 

"Stephanie Seriff," I said shaking his hand. 

"It's a dangerous thing giving me a phone number you know, I'm bound to ask you out," he said. 

"Oh you have no idea," I said thinking of dad. 

"Well I'll see you around Stephanie," he said. I tried not to giggle at the way he said my name. 

"You too Jason," I answered. He went back to his truck and drove off. I stood there in bliss for a second and then got in the car and started to drive home. The whole morning was just a cluster fuck, so I didn't realize that I was almost late for work until the last minute. I turned the car around and headed for the salon. By the time I got on CA-99 I had five minutes. It's times like this I wish I had the fire. I pulled into my spot with about ten seconds to spare. I walked briskly inside and everyone greeted me. 

"Right on time, you know how I feel about that," Sheena said. With her early was on time and on time was late. 

"Sorry, I've had a hell of a morning," I said. I clocked in right before the second hand hit the last minute. 

"Well you're not actually late so there ain't nothing to be said about it," she said. I went to my spot and washed my hands. The rush of people who knew us and word of mouth got around so I had a lot to do today. By the time lunch was rolling around the customers started to thin out. "Hey Steph you got mail," Sheena said tossing me an envelope. 

"It has a light year post stamp on it," I noted. Everyone came to stand by me as I opened it; actually more like they shoved their way over.

Dear Ms. S. Seriff,

It has been brought to my attention by my sister that you have an excellent taste for hair design. I would like the pleasure of wearing one of your designs to the minister's ball this Saturday. If you could meet me privately at my estate in Switzerland then I will pay you according to your performance. I will provide transportation for a round trip from and back to your home in Sacramento. Enclosed is a contact number that you can call to respond.

Sincerely,

Jasmine Uriah

I put my hand over my heart because I was pretty sure that it had stopped. 

"I told you that you would make it big one of these days," Selena said. 

"Yeah no doubt; especially with that hair spray of yours," Sheena said. When I was doing a little experiment I made a hair spray that lasts for a week and maintains the conditioned softness of hair; the only downside is that it stings a bit right when it is applied. Of course I had a chemistry nerd to thank for most of the technical parts I just had the idea. What I want to know is how this woman knew where I lived. I didn't bother questioning it. When the work day was done I went home; the girls only spent three hours a day at school so it was usually dad who picked them up, but I had Jared doing it instead. He got off work about an hour before their class ended so he just got them on the way home. I parked in the garage and went inside. Most of the family was home now except for just a few. One of the cars had been missing in the garage so I'm guessing that people were visiting mom in the hospital. I would do the same, but that would mean bringing the girls with me. In any case mom would probably just be home in the next day or two, so it didn't really matter that much anyway. I went to the kitchen to eat lunch and found that the fridge was almost empty. That's right it was Thursday; mom usually went to Costco on Thursday's. Guess I was going to have to do that this time. I picked a granola bar out of the cabinet, took the grocery list and sat in the front room for a bit. Jared and Riley were out there too. 

"Are the girls upstairs?" I asked. They nodded simultaneously, "You guys need anything from the store I'm going to go this time," I said. 

"No everything's on the list," Jared said. 

"Make sure the girls don't go flying out the door; Lily and Rose discovered their venom today so it's only a matter of time before one of them gets the fire," I said. I packed up the list, grabbed the grocery debit card and left.
