 After the rather unexpected, yet amazingly enjoyable threesome, Rich and Stephanie talked about what might happen next. In the meantime, Steph had to confess to Rich about her little act with the kid across the way. 

"Rich, it's not like I'm INTO the kid, he's a kid, but shit, I've seen the way he's gawked at me for years. I've found it flattering, especially as I've gotten older. Brendan's a nice kid and he obviously had a hard on for me, hell, Rich, I SAW IT, so I figured, give him a thrill and be done with it." 

"I'm not mad, why would I be mad?" countered Rich. "Steph, do you recall when we first got married? One of the first things I said to you was, 'If you EVER see a guy you really want, so long as you come home to me and keep ME happy, I'm cool with it.' I meant it then, I stand by it now."

Steph did a quick run through her mental rolodex and found that card, printed in BOLD print and underlined. He HAD said that. "Hmmm, so I wonder how many opportunities I've missed over the years having forgotten that statement?" She said aloud, though not really meaning to.

"Maybe thousands," replied Rich. "You're as hot as the day I married you and only gay guys wouldn't be tempted by you, though I can't speak for them."

"Oh come on, I've gotten so damn fat." She said jiggling her tummy.

"Steph, you put on a few pounds. Most folks do, that does NOT mean you aren't hot as hell." Scolded Rich.

Steph smiled. Rich meant it. He really thought she was hotter than hell. "I love you." She replied.

"I love you, too. Always will." He sort of sang back to her.

"So, what's next? I mean, holy molly, we had a real threesome!" piped in Steph. "I never, honestly I NEVER really pictured that happening. I'm still in awe that it did. I mean, that thing with Brendan was just, I don't know what to call it, but it meant NOTHING to me it's just..."


Rich cut her off by saying, "Oh I can GUARANTEE it meant something to Brendan. He's had his share of girlfriends, but YOU, YOU have been the object of his affection for YEARS, like you said. I think you made his life complete!" adding, "Well, until he meets his first TRUE love, but really, had I been so lucky when I was his age..."

"You met ME when you were his age." Steph countered, as if angry.

"Oh, YOU know what I mean. Don't start with me you bitch!" he playfully said and the two of them embraced and kissed. 

Many couples would have had a threesome. Many couples wouldn't have admitted to what had happened to them and many couples wouldn't have been so OPEN about their sex lives as Rich and Steph and both lamented that they weren't having this same discussion 20 years ago.

Steph wondered aloud what other couples they knew might be interested in fooling around with them. Rich asked, "Ok, we have to get a few things straight before we really get into this discussion." 

"Like what?" asked Steph.
"What are the boundaries? What will you do and more importantly, what WON'T you do? Let me rephrase that, WHAT AND WHO, won't you do?" Rich added, "You know me, I'm game for essentially ANYTHING though I will not have sex with a man. Probably. No, I will NOT have sex with...I have to gage the circumstances but overall, NEVER."

Steph said she had to think about that one but did ask, "Will you or won't you? I mean, you seem all over the board on gay sex."

"DON'T CALL IT GAY! Experimental, let's call it experimental, that I won't do."

Steph just sighed. She realized SHE was the one to set up any rules and would probably face Rich changing them at some point. Whatever.

"Ok, I will not do anything painful. I will NOT do anything involving animals. I refuse to participate in water sports or ANYTHING involving human waste...OR WASTE OF ANY KIND!" She wanted to close loopholes before they were found. "I will NOT have any kind of sex with any kids" at which point Rich raised an eyebrow and she shot back with, "HE WAS TWENTY ONE!"

Rich conceded defeat on that one.

"I'm sure I'll think of something else, but for now, that seems to be it." 

"You made NO mention of sex with women. I picked up on that," stated Rich, quite proudly at his being so observant.

Steph sighed and said, "You got me there. I may, I may not. I think I made that clear already."

"So, what's next?"

"We'll see," said Steph, "We'll see." 

That afternoon Steph was a little more than halfway through her shift at the ambulance company when she got to talking with one of the other crews, Lenny and Barry were both quite cute. Lenny was about 24 and in nursing school where hoped to use his EMT skills along with the advance learning to be a top notch emergency room trauma nurse. Barry, 40 just wanted to finish his shift, then his career and retire to someplace warm. Not burnt out, per se, but no longer held any enthusiasm for the job. Of course, everyone knew that Barry was a lot more dedicated than he let on.

Steph was just chatting away while her partner, Ralph was in the office trying to straighten out issues with his last paycheck AND hit on the payroll clerk, Jennie. Steph truly loved working with Ralph but had NO interest in him otherwise. Too old and too full of himself at times. Lenny and Barry were, on the other hand a nice couple of ages and very down to earth. Lenny, was as single as they come. Barry's wife had passed away three years before. He dated a few times, but just couldn't get interested. Every now and then he'd just say, "Damn, I'm so frigging horny. My hand cramps now and then on its own just thinking about it." He'd dated, but he hadn't gotten laid.

Lenny asked, "Do you guys feel like a beer after work? We haven't been out in a while. I have nothing on the burner tonight and just feel like hanging away from this place."
"Yet no doubt talking about this place," added Barry, sighing.

"Let me give Rich a call and I'll let you know." Piped in Steph. She called Rich at work and asked if he could not only feed the kids (as was the norm since she worked until 6pm) and maybe get them to bed as well. "A few of us are going out after the shift."
Rich was all for it. They needed some bonding time and he was more than willing to step up to the plate and do his fatherly duties. He would occasionally go out with HIS co-workers, she needed those times also. Steph cheerfully informed the boys that it was a go. "Should we invite Ralph?" she inquired.

"He's your damn partner, of course he gets invited," Barry advised. 

"Yeah, you're right." She called over to Ralph who was just coming downstairs from his foray upstairs with the payroll clerk and seemed buoyant. "We're heading out for a few beers after work. You up for it?"

"Thanks. I'm sure I'll be UP later, but not with you guys. I got a date with Jennie!" With that Ralph bounced over to the truck, jumped in and called out to Steph, "Saddle up, partner!" 

The shift ended very slowly. One quick transfer from St. Mark's Hospital Psychiatric Ward to the state hospital ten miles away; that was it. At 1800 hours, they pulled into the garage and called it quits. Lenny and Barry had already left when they got there. Ralph ran off to collect Jennie and Steph was left wondering if they were really going out. How is it she didn't have either Lenny or Barry's cell phone number. She hoped they were at the usual haunt for the crews. They were. When she got there, Steph walked in to see Barry doing Karaoke. He was singing Bad Company's "Feel Like Making Love". Steph sat down with Lenny and both broke into hysterics when, at the point where he sang "...feel like making love to..." Barry looked right at his hand and finished the line, "...YOU!"

When he sat down, the two were still chuckling and Steph threw in, "Hey, you don't have a bad voice there, buddy!"

"He's singing all the time in the truck. He can be very entertaining." Said, Lenny.

They began to chit chat about work and as with every conversation, they covered everything imaginable until it came down to sex. Steph commented on Barry's song and Barry said, "Steph, my dear, it's been a while. I miss my wife and not just for the sex we'd have, but, well, at this point, I REALLY MISS THE SEX WE HAD!"

"I get sex now and then. I can't believe you aren't getting something now and then," stated Lenny, then he added, "Steph, you and your husband get it on a lot? I mean, hell, you're a nice looking lady, well, for an OLDER woman." Steph slapped his arm in fake disgust-she was a few years older. Lenny continued, "really Steph, you guys do the nasty a lot? Ever do anything interesting?"

Steph said, "Well, I, I mean we...NO, nothing interesting." 

Both of the guys caught that and Barry said, "Ok, you're not talking to a couple of idiots. Spill it. What have you done?"

Steph hesitated, then with further badgering, confessed to the threesome she and Rich had had a couple of weeks prior. Both of the guys became enthralled in the story, hanging on every word. Neither of them had ever been involved in a three-way or even knew anyone who had, well, until now.

Once she confessed her episode, she changed the subject. The boys wouldn't have it. Then, Barry broke the barrier and asked, "Ever think of doing it again? Do you think your husband would allow it?"

Stephanie realized that Barry wasn't kidding. He really was horny. She thought about it for a minute. Then she thought about it for three minutes. She started to speak, but then thought about it for another five minutes.

"You've been rather quiet for a long time now. I apologize. I mean, I was...I have no idea what I was saying. We're friends and co-workers and, shit, I just..."Barry's voice trailed off and he ordered another round.

Lenny just looked at the two of them and finished his beer, awaiting the new one that he assumed Barry would pay for.

"'scuse me a minute, will ya?" Steph said, getting up from the table. She went over to a quiet corner and called home. "Rich, are the kids out?"

"Yeah, why, what's up? You coming home soon? I figured you would be out a few more hours, it's only nine."

"Rich, you know the Frank Discussion? What would you say to me bringing a couple of guys home. Two really nice guys I work with, not bad looking, either one of them. One of them hasn't been laid in a few years and all the talk is getting me just a bit, shall we say, damp. What do you say?"

"Kind of sudden." Rich replied.


"Yeah, I agree, but this is a kind of opportunity that I'm really interested in, but if you say no, it's no. You know I love you and wouldn't want to do something that made you uncomfortable."

"Have I ever met these guys?" asked Rich.

"You met them both. Lenny dropped me off after work one night and you came out to say 'hi' and Barry you've known for a couple of years."

"Yeah, Barry, nice guy. His wife died, right? Is that why he's been celibate?"

"Yup, that's Barry."

"Well, " concluded Rich, "why not? I'll have some candles going and some wine chilled."

"We've been drinking beer. If we mix, we ruin the night." Corrected Steph.

"Right."

Steph hung up and walked back to the table where Barry stood, being a gentleman and began to apologize profusely about getting a bit too personal. Steph cut him off.

"Would you guys be interested in swinging by my house for a bit?"

Both guys looked at each other, then at Steph. Lenny spoke up first, "Ok, are you..." he hesitated, "Are you thinking of, I mean are you inviting us over to, uh..."
Barry broke in, "What are you proposing?"

"Stop by and we'll see, " said Steph and she got up from the table. She walked over to the bar, paid their tab and left, looking back at the guys.

Lenny and Barry sat for a minute. "What do we do?" asked Lenny.

"I don't know about you, but I'm going and going quickly," retorted Barry, already heading for the door.

When they arrived at Steph's house, they walked up together and rang to doorbell. Rich came to the door.

"Yeah, what do you guys want?"

Lenny and Barry were caught off guard. Shit, what DO we want, was the first thought that came to both of their minds. Both began to stammer and shift on their feet and attempted to hide their confusion/anguish when Rich said, "C'mon in, I'm just screwing with you. Well, verbally. We'll see what happens. In case you forgot, I'm Rich." And he stuck out his hand. The boys took it and were shown to the living room. 

Steph came out barely wearing a teddy. "Like my outfit?" she asked. Both jaws, no, all THREE jaws dropped as she came in and did a spin.

Lenny's mind was spinning, "FUCK ME, She's so much older than me, a little pudgy, damn cute face, nice ass and holy shit, she looks amazingly hot in that outfit."

Barry just got hard and had difficulty breathing. "I'm not sure I can go through with this," he said. Everyone looked at him, and Steph said, with some disappointment, "I understand. There are a few reasons you might want to rethink this."
"No, I may have heart attack and ruin everything. Oh my GOD, you look unbelievable!"

That got a little laugh from the group. 

First she took Lenny by the hand and stood him up. She began to kiss him, deeply and she ran her hands up and down his back. Then, she whispered into his ear to get undressed. That's when she took Barry by the hand and did the same thing. Rich was already undressing. Once the guys were naked, Steph looked them over and told them to stroke themselves for her pleasure. No one argued. Rich was impressed with how Steph was taking control. 

Steph looked over the guys once more and starting with Barry, gave his genitalia a little manipulation. She played with his balls a bit, gave his dick a little pull and traced her index finger up and down. She ran her hands up to his chest and kissed him again.

Then she moved onto Rich where she kissed him even more deeply, ran her hands up and down his body, then gently licked his ear. 

Next was Lenny. Lenny just sat and stared at Steph, mesmerized by how fantastic she looked. He had NEVER thought of her in this manner and kept wondering why?

Steph slid her hands over his balls and cock and kissed his lips, his neck and his shoulders. Both of the other guys were getting very heated. 

Then Steph stood up. She told Barry to take her panties off of her. Barry got up and slowly lowered the bottom of her teddy. As he did, he bent to face her neatly shaven muff. He got bold and leaned forward and kissed her outer labia, letting his tongue graze the edges. Once her panties were down, he stood and she kicked them off. Then she told Lenny to stand and remove her top. Lenny did and his fingers brushed against her nipples, "on purpose, no doubt" thought Steph who just smiled.

Once she was completely naked she went guy to guy sucking the cocks, first Rich, then Barry then Lenny. She made a point of not taking it too far. She wanted to get fucked and she really wanted Barry to fuck her. He needed it and she felt she could use it. Each guy got about a 30 second blow job, then once she was fully convinced they wouldn't get any harder, she said, "Ok, Rich first, Fuck me, doggie style!" and she bent over the back of the couch.

Rich stepped up to his wife and inserted his rock hard cock into her now soaking wet hole. As he slid effortlessly in and out, Steph said to the other two, "Watch him close. He knows just what I like. Barry, come in front of me, I want to play with your dick."

Barry did just that and both he and Lenny did indeed watch Rich slide himself in and out of Steph over and over again.

"No one cums inside me. I want it on my ass. No sloppy seconds this time around." Steph added. Rich was getting close. He was not one to argue with his wife when it came to sex, especially not these days.

Lenny, in the meantime was sitting next to Steph and playing with her breasts and rubbing her body. He would divide he attention between Rich pounding her from behind and Barry shoving his dick in her mouth. He tried not to grab himself. He wanted to save himself for his turn, but was not easy. Now and then he'd give himself a tug and then say to himself, "Play with her tits, it'll keep your hands busy."

Steph said to Barry, "Lenny's turn." And they switched just as Rich dribbled his semen onto Steph's ass crack. Barry knew it was time and he positioned himself behind Steph and slid his dick into her. She was so warm and wet and tight. For a woman who had given birth to two kids only 3 years ago, she was amazingly tight. He slid his fingers down to her asscrack and began to play with her butt using Rich's semen as lubricant he began to slid his middle finger into her ass, then he added his index finger, then his ring finger. Steph was groaning deeply as he fucked her vaginally AND anally. Rich was trying to wrap his mind around how Barry had no issues with sticking his fingers in Rich's cum. Lenny just stood there allowing Steph to work his cock.

Steph reached over and began to play with Rich. She was running her fingers over his balls and stroking his now flaccid member as he just watched her tits sway back and forth while her hips ground against this double penetration (though not in the strictest sense) and her mouth pleasured Lenny. 

Lenny suddenly pulled away saying, "I'm close, not yet, not yet, not yet, no, no, not yet." Steph respected this and just sort of stroked his thighs as Barry began the final leg of his journey to ClimaxTown. He pulled out and rubbed his cock against her ass crack, mixing his now flowing cum with Rich's moaning so loudly they all feared the kids would wake up. He rubbed and rubbed, holding himself firmly between her cheeks as he did, draining his last drop onto her.

Lenny was next. He stepped around the couch and found her already wide open and welcoming. He slipped himself in and began to pound hard and fast, much faster than the other guys had, SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP he banged into her, the squishing of her juices and all that semen, seeping down to her twat was making an awful racket. SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP.

Lenny was grunting deep and mean, he just kept hitting her over and over again. Steph was not only impressed with his determination, but he felt bigger inside of her than when she was sucking him off. SLAP SLAP SLAP, he just kept going. Steph was reeling. She felt like she had never been fucked like this before, better than Barry, better than Dave, even better than Rich...well, not better than Rich, he KNEW things.

SLAP SLAP SLAP, he just kept going. Rich in the meantime reached under Steph and began to rub her clit. "OH FUCK THIS IS TOO MUCH!" She grumbled, barely audible to anyone but her. She could feel herself nearing one hell of an orgasm and she could feel Lenny was close too. She couldn't wait, she came like a freight train plowing through the wall of the...she didn't understand the metaphor, it didn't matter. "OH HOLY SHIIIIIIIIT. OH SHIT OH SHIT OH SHIT!" It was only the second time she squirted. Lenny pulled out and shot his load so hard, much of it landed in Steph's hair. He pumped himself so hard to finish himself off, he nearly pulled his dick off, the cum shooting all over Steph's back. Steph collapsed onto the couch with the boys all around her.

"We're going to have to send the couch out, Rich. It's a mess." She said, weakly.

"Yeah, good point. Its gross."
"Barry and I will pay for the cleaning," chimed in Lenny. Barry agreed. "The least we can do."

Steph and Barry just ignored them. They were not going to pay for this, no need.

Steph excused herself and cleaned up a bit in the bathroom. Rich got the boys some damp towels and everyone cleaned up a bit.

"Wow, that was different." Beamed Barry.
"I'll say" added Lenny.

When Steph came back in, she sternly said to both of them, "This cannot be brought up at work, you do realize that, right?" They agreed. "And this cannot affect our work relationship, right? It was just a nice fun fuck. Nothing special."
