 Yard work. The mere thought of it makes my back ache. It can only be neglected for so long before the neighbors start giving you the evil eye.

Steph and I had some catching up to do in the front yard the previous weekend and it hurt. We both spent half the following work week laboring our way around the office like some near-retirement elderly folks. We had promised each other that the following weekend would be spent recuperating and relaxing. We mutually decided a trip to the spa and a couples massage would be the best prescription for what ails us.

We decided to try a new spa since our old favorite was starting to go downhill. It was under new management and we weren't enjoying the experiences after the change.

The new spa was a gorgeous facility, very modernized. Steph and I were most impressed as we passed through the lobby doors.

"Hello and welcome, how are you two doing today?" a friendly middle-aged woman greeted us with a well rehearsed smile.

"We're doing good, but in need of a little 'R & R' I think," I responded, hesitantly awaiting the sales pitch.

"And have you visited us before?" she inquired.

"We've been to other spas but it's our first time here," I answered.

She picked up a brochure and was about to start her presentation when Steph chimed in.

"You know, we already have a pretty good idea of what we want. You do offer couples massages, don't you?"

She smiled politely and presented the offerings in the brochure.

"How long were you looking for?" She asked cutting to the chase.

I replied, "We were thinking an hour, can we add time if we want?"

"If the massage therapists don't have any appointments then they'd be more than happy to accommodate you. Let me check the schedule and see if I have anyone that's...flexible," she said as she started to navigate her desktop computer. "Oh this should be good, I'll put you in room three with Chris and Amber, their schedules are fairly open today."

We agreed to the terms and took care of the business side of the visit. After successful payment, she picked up the phone and dialed.

"Hello, Chris? Yes, I have a couple of walk-ins that want a one-hour. I'll take them to room three... Yes that is correct. Excellent, thank you Chris."

She hung up the phone and returned her attention to us, "Okay, if you would both follow me I'll take you to your room," she said as she stepped out from around her desk.

She led us down a hallway lined with several framed photos displaying an obvious theme of relaxation. She reached room three and escorted us inside. The room had more photos on the walls mixed in with a couple of framed certificates and some of the other usual notifications one would expect. The room was warm and inviting, softly lit with a welcoming and peaceful fragrance to it. There were two massage beds in the center parallel to each other, both with a full set of clean white sheets and head rests. A sliding glass door had the curtains pulled shut over it, which our hostess would soon remedy.

She pulled the curtains back revealing a tranquil garden and a mid day sun that lit up the room as she offered her instruction.

"If you would like to have a seat, Chris and Amber will join you shortly. They'll have a short interview with you first to discuss any special needs and expectations so just sit tight and they'll be right with you. Can I get you anything? Water?"

Steph politely responded, "Thank you but we're good."

Our hostess excused herself, closing the door behind her as she departed.

"So whatcha think, Steph? You like this place so far?" I asked her.

"Seems very nice so far, but I'll reserve judgment for after the massage. Beds look comfy, maybe I'll just fall asleep," She said, pushing her hand into the cushion to test its stiffness.

We waited for a couple minutes before a soft knock rapped on the door and it slowly opened.

"Hello, anyone in...ah hello and welcome. I'm Chris and this is Amber," the man said walking through the doorway. He lifted his hand to shake mine and the greetings were underway.

They both appeared to be in their mid 20s and were dressed in all white, I remember thinking they could pass as tennis players. Chris was a big guy, about 6' 4'' and built like a football player. He had shoulder length blonde hair with sharp blue eyes. The first thing that crossed my mind when I saw him was 'Adonis'. Yeah, Steph wasn't going to enjoy this...His shorts went to the top of his knees and the shirt was buttoned up just enough to still reveal a muscular and darkly tanned chest. Yup, Steph won't enjoy this one little bit...

Amber followed Chris in and she was stunning. A white skirt just above the knees with a white blouse tucked into it. She had long blonde hair, sexy green eyes, and a tan that matched Chris'. She looked to be in fantastic shape also. I guess I'll enjoy this as much as Steph.

As Amber introduced herself, I caught her sizing Steph and I both up. A dirty thought or two flashed in my head but I composed myself.

"It's nice to meet you. Steph and I have been doing a lot of work around the house lately and we thought we'd treat ourselves a bit," I explained.

They started questioning us to prep for the massage. They asked us the usual questions regarding trouble areas, type of pressure we wanted, and so forth. Completing the preliminary procedures, Chris gave us the final instructions before the massage was to begin.

"Alright, I think we're about ready to get started. Amber and I will step out for a couple minutes. Go ahead and disrobe, tie a towel around your waist and lay face down. We do use a fair amount of oil, so please remove any jewelry or anything else you don't want to get oil on. We'll be back in a couple," he said before they both left and shut the door behind them.

"Oh my God! This is going to be so distracting. They are fucking gorgeous!" Steph excitedly stated the moment we were alone.

"Hey, Steph. We going totally commando on this one?"

Steph gave me that 'Are you fucking kidding me' look as she took off her bra and panties. Yeah, I already knew the answer to the question. I just liked playing naive sometimes for comedic effect. I stripped to my birthday suit and we both put the towels on.

Steph started playing.

"Whoops, my towel accidentally fell off!"

She very intentionally, and playfully, let the towel slide down off her waist to the floor. She picked it up and wrapped it back around her only to drop it again.

"Dammit, it happened again! I hope this isn't going to be a problem. I just can't seem to keep my towel on," she playfully pouted.

I was just wrapping myself when she looked over at me.

"Jesus Rob, you're getting a chubby already. Pack it in ice why don't you?"

I wasn't full grown by any means, but I was finding the situation a bit enticing so I started thinking some very unhappy thoughts as I gradually cooled off.

We both laid on the tables as instructed and awaited our massage professionals' return. A couple minutes passed before there was a soft knock on the door and they both walked back into the room.

They both greeted us again, doing an excellent job of making us feel welcome and relaxed before starting the massage.

Amber placed a towel on me and started rubbing my neck and shoulders with the towel. Chris did the same with Steph, moving in synchronization with each other.

The massage progressed rather innocently with some idle banter back and forth when Steph picked up on something in the conversation that I must have totally missed.

"Wait a sec. Chris? Amber? Are you two a couple? I'm getting that vibe..." she prodded.

They both paused their work with a slightly awkward silence. Busted.

"Yeah, you could say that. No one's supposed to know since this place has rules against co-workers dating. We try to keep it a secret, unsuccessfully apparently," Chris explained.

"You don't have to worry about us saying anything. Hell, we met at work too, luckily no one there seems to care so we don't even have to get sneaky about it," Steph said before prodding some more. "How long have you two been dating?"

"Seven months now," Amber answered as her towel massage slid down to my lower back.

Steph pressed the attack. "And neither of you minds that the other one spends all day groping naked members of the opposite sex?"

"No more than you seem to mind having a member of the opposite sex groping your partner," Chris retorted. "Does it bother you at all to have a woman rubbing her hands all over your man's naked body?"

I laughed as I interjected my opinion, "Haha, Steph bothered by...No. Just no. Quite the contrary to be honest, she's probably turned on by it, she usually is after all."

A temporary silence fell upon the room. I think they were trying to interpret what I said. Was I kidding around? Was I being serious? Steph picked up where I left off, removing any doubt from their minds.

"No, he's right. We have a very...open...relationship. I don't mean seeing other people on the side. We sometimes feel 'the more the merrier' I guess you could say. We've enjoyed other peoples' company together."

I could see Chris smile from my prone vantage spot. It wasn't some immature childish smile either. It was a smile of understanding, of relation. My eyes traced down to Steph's as she returned the gaze. We both knew exactly what the other was thinking and the corners of her eyes crinkled as a devilish smile emerged.

Chris and Amber completed the towel rub down and stepped to their supplies. They both brought out the oils in preparation of the next stage of the massage.

Steph and I were still laying with towels from our waist down to below our knees. Chris and Amber started folding the towels up from the knees, reducing the coverage area to just our rear ends. I admired Steph's body from the side. Her arms were above her head, exposing the side of her breast as it lay pinned to the massage bed. Her tan body lay almost entirely exposed but for the folded towel laying across her butt, barely covering what it needed to and teasing the rest.

I watched Chris start to pour oil on to Steph's back as I felt my own masseuse's oil fall softly on to my own back. It was cold at first, causing my body to lightly shiver from the contradiction in temperature, but her hands followed quickly and spread the oil across the surface of my back. The friction immediately warmed me back up and all was well again. Her hands circled gently at first as the oil spread, then her hands tightened as she gripped and kneaded my shoulders and upper back muscles.

Chris was still echoing Amber's movements and Steph looked like she was in Heaven. Her eyes were now closed and her mouth slightly open as the occasional moan escaped, voicing her approval of the work Chris performed. I appreciated how beautiful she looked in that moment, but I had my own distractions to deal with.

Amber's touch was skillful, the tension melted away in my upper back as she slowly worked her way down my spine. Her pressure worked across the middle of my back down to the waist line. She applied more oil and spread it across the small of my back and over my sides, using just enough pressure not to tickle me. I still flinched though, a quick bodily spasm almost in fear of its vulnerability to a tickling which passed without further incident thanks to Amber's skilled touch.

Chris and Amber stepped to the back of the massage beds and started on our feet, fresh oil in hand. Amber lifted my feet off the ground one at a time to massage them. Her fingers slid amongst my toes and her thumbs gently dug into the soles of my feet, releasing the stress and relaxing my one foot before repeating the routine with the other.

Her touch slowly worked its way over my ankles and up my calves, increasing the pressure as she went. With yet more lotion, her knuckles kneaded at my calves and eased their way up to the back of my knees. I felt yet more oil drip upon my hamstrings and up just below my buttocks. The oil started dripping down my thighs and Amber caught it with her hands and spread over the entirety of my exposed legs, hands floating from inside my thighs out across to the outside edges.

I looked over to Steph and saw Chris making the same motions on Steph. Steph's hands were gripping the bed above her tightly. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her lip in reaction to Chris' journey across her body. Soft moans continued to betray Steph, she was totally under Chris' control and at his mercy. I watched his hands slide up her legs, even cross the border of her towel ever so slightly before racing back down. He repeated the movement, and his fingers slightly disappeared under the towel again. Her towel barely covered her ass so the fingers had to be teasing her something vicious.

Watching Steph in such a state of pleasure was very enticing and I knew I would start getting excited soon. I started to internally debate whether I should try and settle myself down again or just let it be when I felt Amber's touch go just a little higher on me also. Her hands slid up my legs and over my inner thighs as her fingers came oh-so-close to my balls before she slid them away. Her hands retraced their path, but just a little further this time and her index fingers lightly brushed up against my balls. Was it accidental? Was it intentional? My heart started beating in anticipation. Her hands flowed down and back up again. Her fingers barely brushed up against my balls again but this time she paused, her hands lingered as I hoped they would. She lightly tickled the surface with her nails before pulling her hands down again.

I widened my legs a bit making more of a V shape, granting her permission to return. She accepted the invitation and cruelly teased me a few more times before Steph spoke up.

"Ya know what? These towels are kinda getting in the way. I promise you don't have to worry about Rob or I being shy. Can we lose em?"

From my vantage point on the table I could not see Amber's face, but I could sneak a peek at Chris'. Chris looked toward Amber with a huge and very naughty grin on his face that I'm sure she reflected back at him.

Amber very enthusiastically responded, "I think that's a great idea, let's get those out of the way for you." 

They both tore away the towels and flung them to the wall. I could see Chris sizing up Steph's ass while blindly reaching for more oil. He eventually gripped the oil and let it softly pour down on both of Steph's cheeks. Her body flinched from the oil and her hips raised up slightly lifting her ass in the air before she nestled back down to her previous position. Yep, she was turned on big time.

Amber followed suit and poured oil onto my ass and started rubbing it in. As she kneaded the entirety of my rear I watched Chris work his magic on Steph.

His hands flowed across her backside effortlessly. They disappeared between her thighs and reappeared momentarily, repeating the motion several times. He positioned himself so that his right arm was down the small of her back and his hand covered the crack of her ass. His hand slid down out of view and her head thrust straight up, mouth gaping open as she moaned in pleasure. I could only imagine the fingers of Adonis gently sliding over her asshole and under to her wet pussy lips. I could see his whole forearm sliding up and down as his fingers slid the length of her slit. He would bring his hand back up across her ass before sliding it back down again to her waiting pussy, repeating the motion over and over again as Steph clasped the edges of the table and moaned in ecstasy.

I was really enjoying the view as Amber massaged my ass. She started sliding her fingers underneath me and across my balls, then back up and over my ass. As she slid them underneath again, her hand gently cupped my balls as her fingers lightly gripped the base of my penis. She rubbed gently, her palm brushing back and forth across my balls before bringing her hand back out, gently dragging her nails across my balls as she went. She repeated a few more times until she slid her hand back under me and up the entirety of my newly erect penis. She gripped it lovingly as I raised my hips to grant her increased access, the oil on her hand soaking into the skin of my shaft. Her hand made a twisting motion, massaging the whole surface of my head. She moaned softly as if she was the one receiving the pleasure. Her hand started rubbing up and down my hard cock beneath me again and again, occasionally sliding down to grasp and massage my balls before returning to their masturbatory duty on my penis.

I looked over to Steph to see a familiar sight. Chris' hand was out of view again as his whole arm slid back and forth with more tenacity than before. Yep, he was working her pussy real good now and she was loving it. He backed off and moved behind her. He slid his hand up from behind with two fingers protruding. They met her wet and waiting pussy lips softly, teasing her with their impending penetration. His hand pushed forward. Her ass raised up. Her back arched. Her head pushed back as she moaned into the ceiling. His hand slowly thrust forward and backward again and again. Her hips slid back and forth slightly to the rhythm of his prodding.

He looked over at Amber as he pulled his fingers out of Steph. They were soaked with her pussy juice. He smiled at Amber as he lifted his fingers to his mouth and sucked them clean. Amber released her hold on my cock. Her hands slid over my ass and floated up my back as she walked to the front of the massage bed. She leaned down to whisper to me as her nails gently massaged my scalp.

"I think Chris likes the way your girlfriend tastes, she must have a delicious pussy. How about you Rob? Am I going to like the way your cock tastes? I can't wait to find out Rob."

Ever the tease, I denied her.

"Personally, I'm not that impressed with the job Chris is doing right now. I think you need to go over there and help him. Give him a 'hand' so to speak."

She knelt in front of me bringing us face to face. She dragged her nails through my hair and down the side of my head cupping my jaw. 

"I'll do as you ask, my dear. But when I return, I'm going to fuck you hard until you cum inside me."

We smiled simultaneously and she puckered up to give me a quick kiss on the lips before joining Chris and Steph. I shifted for a comfortable viewing. This wouldn't be a show I'd want to miss.

Steph smiled as her eyes followed Amber's strut over to her. Amber addressed Chris.

"Sweetheart, why don't you work her from the top and I'll take over here, m'kay?" She asked.

Chris nodded and smiled. He stepped around to the head of the massage table directly in front of Steph. There was no concealing Chris' excitement, his white shorts hid nothing. You could see the contour of his hard cock in his shorts as he stood in front of Steph. Steph licked her lips, it looked huge poking the side of his pockets.

"I think we've done enough work on your back for now," Amber stated. "Let's have you roll over so we can work your front side."

Steph eagerly complied and rolled over onto her back.

Chris grabbed the oil bottle and applied a generous amount to Steph's chest. He dripped it over the top of her chest and trailed the oil drip down her breasts and over her nipples. He leaned forward as the flow of oil continued off her breasts and down to her stomach. He set the bottle aside and started rubbing the oil across her chest. His hands danced over her breasts, gently squeezing and caressing them. He leaned forward to get the oil on her stomach. His crotch was pressed against the top of her head as he spread the oil across her stomach.

Amber was at the foot of the massage bed. She kicked off her shoes and started to disrobe. The white uniform yielded to some very small pink panties and bra. Her chest was busting out as she stood before Steph. She slid her hands up her belly and under her bra to her tits, squeezing them as the bra slid out of place. She pulled the bra off and flung it aside. She grabbed some oil and started pouring it over her chest before using both hands to massage herself with it. She squeezed her breasts and started pinching her nipples. They stiffened under her touch and she moaned in pleasure.
