 "Did you have a motive in inviting Tina over?" Joseph asked. 

"Not really," Kendall replied as they entered his apartment. "There's just something likeable about her." 

"Not to mention the fact that she's cute and has a great body." 

"And there's that." 

They were barely settled in when there was a knock on the door. Joseph checked the peephole to make certain it was Tina, and then admitted her. Kendall was already seated on one end of the sofa. She patted the space next to her for Tina to sit, followed by Joseph sitting on the other end. 

"So, do you have any ideas about how to get your stepbrother to join us?" Kendall asked. 

"I do," was Tina's response. "But I don't want to talk about that now. Telling you how he and I got started made me wonder how you and Mark got started, and Joseph and Jackie." 

Kendall shrugged. "Fair enough, I suppose. When my mom and Mark's dad went on their first official date she told me that Mark's dad thought he was shy around girls because he didn't date much, and his dad told him the same thing about me. So, our parents asked each of us if we would mind hanging out while they went on their date so that I could loosen Mark up and he could do the same for me." She laughed. "Of course, we saw through that in a minute. We were watching a movie about two teens who started kissing, and it was a very hot kiss, and we could each see that the other was getting aroused. I think I might have even made a comment, and Mark boasted that he could kiss better than the guy in the movie. So, I called his bluff and, well, he was damned good. Anyway, we got ourselves so worked up that we ended up having sex. It was the first time for either of us." 

"Wow. That's thrilling that the two of you did it your first time together," Tina said, her tone underscoring her excitement. 

"Yeah, considering I thought I was going to be a lesbian." 

"What? You've been with women?" Tina asked, surprise abundant in her voice. 

"Just one and just a few times." 

"You're not going to tell her who?" Joseph asked, baiting Kendall. 

She shot him a threatening look. 

"Now, you've got to tell me," Tina prodded. 

With a heavy sigh, still staring darts at Joseph, Kendall muttered, "My mother." 

Eyes widening and her mouth forming a similar circle, Tina said, "No way." 

"It's true," Joseph confirmed. "What do you think about that?" 

"You guys just keep amazing me." 

"Have you ever been with a girl," Joseph asked. 

"No." 

"You should try," Kendall suggested. "It's totally different than with a guy." 

"Is that an offer?" Tina shyly asked. 

"Do you want it to be?" 

"I'm not opposed to trying new things." 

Kendall turned to Tina and gently placed a hand on her shoulder while leaning in closer to her. Tina's face had that look of wonder as she saw the other girl moving closer. She wasn't sure whether Kendall's lips touched hers or Kendall's hands cupped her breast first. Regardless, even though it was soft and tender, Tina felt electrified. At the same time, she was aware of Joseph taking her hand. A moment later, now engaged in an affectionate kiss, Kendall's hand was moving under her pullover shirt fondling her breasts. Though Tina had never been so much as touched by another female, she was not the least bit repulsed, and was actually becoming quite stimulated. 

Tina did not resist as Joseph lifted her shirt up to remove it, and in the brief moments that Kendall had to withdraw, Tina watched as she and Joseph exchanged a sloppy kiss, swapping spit and licking tongues. Quite erotic up close. Just as quickly, Joseph had Tina's bra undone and was pulling it off. She felt almost powerless to resist the attention of her new friends. 

Kendall's mouth attacked Tina's again, this time with an active tongue. Once again, Tina could not resist, even using her own tongue for maximum effect also. In addition, she also now felt Joseph sucking her nipples and it was divine. If this kept up, her brain would be on sensory overload. Deciding to become more aggressive, Tina pulled on Kendall's dress, and seeing what she was attempting, Joseph assisted, rendering his girlfriend reduced to wearing only bra and skimpy panties. 

In Tina's lust-filled mind, when she made the comment about trying new things, she didn't really have a concept of what that meant, except that she would be engaged with another woman. However, with Joseph present, she didn't consider what, if at all, his participation would be. But suddenly, the thought of this becoming a threesome was almost more exhilarating than her first experience with a female. Seeing that he was still fully clothed while she was topless and Kendall was down to bra and panties, Tina clutched at the buttons on his shirt. Kendall pitched in, and in seconds, they had his buttons completely undone. And before he could tear his shirt off, Tina managed to fix her lips to his for a few quick seconds. 

When Joseph stood to pull off his shirt, Kendall reached out to undo his belt. In one motion, Tina clutched his zipper and slid it down. While he stepped out of his pants, Tina, having never touched another woman's breasts decided to have her first "feel." They were quite similar in size to her own, which of course, she had touched many times. However, handling tits from this angle was one more thrill in an evening of firsts. 

And then, Joseph's dangling hard-on came into view. It was close in size to her stepbrother's, maybe a tad longer, but possibly not as big around. Yet, when Kendall grabbed it at the base and aimed it toward Tina's face, she did not hesitate to have a taste. That "sample" turned into a full-fledged blow job as she sucked almost all of it into her mouth, sliding her lips up and down several times. When it popped out of her mouth, Kendall swooped in for a swallow of her own. 

Before allowing Tina back onto Joseph's shaft, Kendall pressed her lips to the new girl's, and the two merged their kiss into double-tonguing his swollen cock. For the next couple of minutes, they alternated between kissing each other with tongue and open mouth, with Joseph's pulsing dick in their mouths and taking sucks of him. Finally, he pulled Tina to her feet and undid her pants. As he pushed them down, Kendall tugged her panties over her hips. 

Joseph pulled Tina to him, his cock pressed against his abdomen and nestled between her ass cheeks and his arms around her cupping and caressing her tits. Down below, Kendall spread Tina's legs slightly so she could tongue the standing girl's clit. Tina was in heaven being worked on by a girl and a guy. Joseph was kissing her neck and nibbling on her ear lobe while Kendall lifted Tina's leg onto the sofa which offered the former greater access to the latter's really wet snatch. This moved Tina over a bit so that Joseph's cock sprang free. Tina reached down for it and stroked it, and then tilted her head back to swap spit with him. Granted, these were frantic kisses, but the difference in kissing a woman for a while and then kissing a man made for quite an erotic contrast. 

Shoving a couple of fingers inside Tina's vagina, which elicited a sharp cry of joy, Kendall gabbed Joseph's cock with her other hand and brought it to her mouth. She had Tina and Joseph moaning in harmony. This all made Tina weak in the knees and she had to drop onto the sofa. Without skipping a beat, Joseph dropped to the floor and quickly latched his mouth onto her pussy, something he had been longing to do since they met her. Kendall knelt on the sofa and bent down to once again press her lips to their new friend's. The girl was a good kisser. 

Realizing that Kendall was the only one with any amount of clothes still on, Tina reached around to unclasp the other's bra. Kendall shook it off, then quickly stood and shed her panties, as well. While she was doing that, reacquiring some energy had Tina getting onto hands and knees and shaking her ass at Joseph. He quickly received the message, honed in on her pussy and drove his cock in. Tina let out a big roar, loving the feeling. 

Having difficulty remembering when the last time she had been so sexually charged was, but knowing she was now as much as she had ever been, Tina was ready for her first taste of pussy. She gestured Kendall to sit on the sofa before her. Tina's first licks were tentative, not really knowing what to expect. She had tasted her own pussy on her stepbrother's lips after he had eaten her and they kissed. But she could now tell that was not the same as having lips to lips. Regardless of the taste, she somehow believed that there was more power in going down on a woman than on blowing a guy. In any event, she was actually enjoying allowing her tongue to explore a vagina. She did things that she liked having done to her, and if the sounds escaping Kendall's throat were any clue, she was enjoying it also. 

It was difficult for Tina to reconcile being pounded from the rear by a large cock while giving oral satisfaction to a woman. And the combination was bringing her to a promising orgasm. 

Sensing that all of this action was more than Tina could take and that she was about to come, Kendall pushed her back, sat up, reached between the girl's legs and fingered her clit while Joseph gave her a good fucking. Kendall allowed her fingers to also caress his cock and balls. But it had the most effect on Tina, who bowed her head on Kendall's shoulder. While still pumping, Joseph bent over to kiss Kendall. With no warning, Tina wrapped her arms around Kendall's neck and had an orgasm so intense, Kendall thought she was going to choke her. Kendall could feel the girl's muscles spasming. 

While Tina rolled over gasping for breath, trying to recover, Joseph sat on the sofa needing rest from the strain of his thrusts. Eying his cock still tall and hard and glistening with Tina's juices, Kendall took advantage and plopped onto his lap, grabbing that bad boy and ramming it in her own starving pussy. When she started bouncing up and down, a still fatigued Tina had to move around to see. She sat on the floor for a front row view of Joseph's delicious dick going in and out of Kendall's sweet pussy. She couldn't help but reach out and rub Kendall's clit and Joseph's slimy rod. 

Tina had no idea how long they had been at this, but already threesomes had moved up to the top of her favorite sex acts list. And when she saw Joseph throw his head back against the sofa back, she quickly jumped onto the furniture and straddled his head with her pussy tight against his hair. She had no idea what she hoped to accomplish by this, driven only by impulsive arousal; if nothing else, his hair tickled her pussy. And then she instantly realized she could lean forward and press her lips to Kendall's as the other pivoted her hips back and forth. 

With his head still tilted head back, Joseph stuck out his tongue and wiggled it from side to side. She didn't know what exactly he was doing that for, but it didn't take long for her to think of something to do. She lifted herself up and squatted over his face. His tongue went right for her pussy so she assumed that's what he meant. Of course, she'd had her pussy licked many times, but in this odd position she found it titillating. 

Still driven by wild desire and looking down Kendall's back at Joseph's cock sliding in and out of Kendall's pussy, Tina had another sex intoxicated idea. She slid off of the sofa and knelt between Joseph's legs. She licked his balls and let her tongue travel up to Kendall's pussy. Knowing she was back there, Joseph let his penis slip out. It sprang forward and popped Tina in the face. Of course, she did the only logical thing and sucked it. Once she had it dripping spit, she inserted it back into Kendall's pussy and the two resumed a frantic pace, aided by Tina's tongue and fingers all over their genitals. 

It served as the stimulus to make Kendall come in a breathtaking orgasm, and interestingly, as she shook from overloaded nerves, Tina took her in her arms and . . . comforted . . . her as though she was upset. However, there was actually something nice and . . . comforting . . . about it. 

Before Joseph could even catch his breath, Tina was saying, "I want to come again!" as though she was a child who wanted to ride the merry-go-round once more. 

Smirking, Kendall eased off of Joseph. Once standing, she guided Tina to lie on the sofa. Joseph got into position and fucked her missionary, each with one foot on the floor. Kendall waited for them to get going and then she straddled Tina's face. Tina's tongue instantly found Kendall's pussy, and then Kendall leaned forward to kiss Joseph to complete the classic threesome triangle. Joseph occasionally pulled out all of the way and rubbed his cock on her pubic area before sticking it back in. 

Kendall reached down to knead both of Tina's tits, and then she extended one arm to play with Tina's clit. Within minutes, Tina was bursting into another bone-rattling orgasm, and it caused her to become more aggressive licking Kendall's clit and pussy, to the extent that Kendall found herself coming again also, though not quite on the order that Tina did. 

Now, Joseph was groaning and grinding his teeth. Kendall was surprised he'd been able to hold out this long, what with fucking someone new, so she moved behind him and caressed his balls. When she felt them tighten, she grabbed his cock at the base, pulled it out of Tina and aimed it at her abdomen where he completely showered her belly. Once spent, he fell back against the opposite end of the couch. 

Tina lifted her head to see the load he had deposited and grinned. She licked her lips. Kendall didn't know if that meant she wanted to taste it, but she drew her fingers together, scooped up a glob and dribbled it sloppily over Tina's lips and chin. Naturally, Tina slurped what she could. When Tina started chuckling, Kendall wickedly scooped up more and smeared it all over Tina's cheeks, laughing. 

Taking it with good humor, without Kendall seeing, Tina ran her hand through the puddle and rubbed it on across the other girl's face. They were both giggling now, and with cum all over their faces, their lips were drawn together to kiss and clean. 

After a while, Kendall and Joseph almost got the impression that Tina didn't want to leave, and would probably have been up for another session. But it had been so intense that both Kendall and Joseph were worn out—of course, they had already had a good workout before going to dinner. But Tina finally realized that she needed to get home to her stepbrother. 

Still, Joseph and Kendall really liked Tina and looked forward to a new relationship with her. 

* * * 

For a variety of reasons—the conflict of the night before, their own intensive sex and actually sleeping together—Mark and Jackie overslept. When they did finally awake, there was only time for a quick shower together—and only to save time—jump into some clothes and head quickly to class; the one they had in the same building. Ironically, after all of that rushing, when they arrived, both of their classes had been cancelled. Meeting again in the hallway, the two merely stared at each other in frustration. 

"Come on," Mark said, "I'll buy you breakfast." 

But unlike their step-siblings, both were a bit more selective than the student union, and opted for the Starbucks just off campus. It was crowded, but they were able to snatch the last table. 

They saw the attractive girl with coffee and pastry in her hands walk by their table and stop to look around, but paid her no more attention than that, until a moment later, she asked, "May I sit here?" 

Somewhat surprised, Jackie and Mark looked at each other. But there was something about the girl that had them agreeing in unison. "Sure." 

As she climbed onto her stool of the bar-height table, she introduced herself. "I'm Tina." She held out her hand. 

Mark was first to take it and he mentioned his name. 

"Yes, Mark, and you're Jackie," Tina said as she shook the latter's hand. 

"You know us?" Mark questioned. 

"I live in the same apartment complex with my stepbrother," she told them. "The manager told me about you." 

"He seems to be good at that," Mark remarked. 

"He really does care about his tenants," Tina said, "which is why I am coming to you. My stepbrother and I have the same issues as you and your step-siblings have." 

"And what issues might those be?" Jackie asked, finally speaking. 

"Just the way people look at you or treat you when you tell them you live with your stepbrother. In our case, they think we're dating, but we're not." 

"So, you came to us for . . ." 

"We're just looking for new friends," Tina explained. "People who understand. Like you and your stepbrother connected with Mark and his stepsister. And you guys actually found the perfect solution by dating." 

Becoming swept up in Tina's story, Jackie said, "Well, that's not without issues, either." 

Pretending she didn't know what Jackie was talking about, Tina asked, "Can I ask what?" 

"Let's just say that it's caused some disagreements about some things." 

"Is that why the two of you are here alone?" 

"You're very perceptive." 

"If it's not too personal, can I ask if sex is part of the issue?" 

With raised eyebrows, Jackie turned to Mark. 

"Well, that is personal," Mark pointed out. 

"Sorry," Tina offered. "Just thought I'd ask." 

"I'm curious as to why you would ask that?" Jackie wanted to know. 

Knowing what was really going on, Tina stretched the story. "Maybe one or both of you were having sex with your step-siblings and now that you're dating there's jealousy issues." 

"Even if it was something along those lines," Mark said, "it would still be personal." 

"I'm sorry," Tina again said, "I guess you're right." 

Yet, there was something about this girl that Jackie liked, as if even though she just met Tina a few minutes ago she already liked her for years. "The fact is, Tina, My stepbrother, Joseph, and I were dating, but in high school, our friends ousted us, so when we came here and hooked up with Mark and his stepsister, Kendall, we decided to pretend that we were dating each other. But Joseph and Kendall eventually decided that they wanted to date for real. Mark and I were not in favor of that, and so, we had a disagreement." 

"That's a shame," Tina commented, doing her best to pretend she was hearing this for the first time. "Do you think they will last, or will the two of you come around?" 

"I don't know," Jackie said with a shrug. "Realistically, Mark and I are better suited for each other, as are Joseph and Kendall." 

"Sounds like the four of you need to talk," Tina noted. 

"We had a pretty heated argument," Jackie admitted. "It might take some time for them to come around." 

"Well, I hope it's sooner rather than later because we were hoping to make some new friends." 

"That might take some time, but Mark and I—" she glanced at him for agreement; he nodded anticipating what she was going to say "—would be happy to be friends with you and your stepbrother." 

"Thanks. That would be nice." 

By now, they were all finished with breakfast. Mark and Jackie stood to leave. 

"Our first class was canceled," Jackie told Tina. "I don't know why—" 

"Was it in Thomas Hall?" 

"Yes." 

"Some kind of plumbing problem," Tina informed them. "I had a class in that building also. Sounds like it will be closed all day." 

"Oh. Well, then, I'm off today," Jackie said. "What a pleasant surprise." 

"So am I," Mark said. "Guess we'll go back to my place." 

"Works for me," Jackie agreed. "Care to join us, Tina?" 

"Sure. Thanks." 

Once they were settled in Marks apartment, Tina asked, "You guys—all four of you—seem to keep to yourselves. What do you do for fun?" 
