 I never wrote about how Steve & Sally started swinging, so I thought I'd better give them a gentle introduction.

*****

"Nervous?" she asked.

"No. You?"

"Not nervous, no," she answered. "Very turned on, but not nervous." My wife smiled at me and winked, and then took hold of my hand and we walked into the pub. We looked around, but there was no sign of the brunette in blue jeans and red jacket and tall balding man with a blue coat.

"There's a table," Sally took my shopping bag from me while indicating a quiet corner with a nod of her head. "Get us some drinks and I'll put the shopping down."

I looked around while waiting at the bar, hoping to spot our contacts from the website, and saw them outside, looking in through the window. I made eye contact with the man and nodded, and then saw that Sally had noticed, too. I walked to the door to meet them.

"Christmas shopping?" he asked, shaking my hand. "Christmas shopping," I agreed. "Nice to meet you Paul," I said. I didn't know if it was his real name, but it would do for today.

"You too, Steve," he replied. "This is Lynne." I took her hand and we kissed cheeks, and then looked each other up and down. She was, as her profile said, slim and curvy with dark brown hair. The look on her face told me she approved with what she saw as much as I did - but then we had already seen naked photos of each other on the website.

"Sally has grabbed a table," I pointed to where my wife was standing up, obviously looking at Paul's arse. "What can I get you to drink?"

-

I always thought that the first part of the meeting would be the hardest part for first-time swingers, and as the next two hours in the pub progressed I was proved right. Paul and Lynne were a happy married couple just like us, had just turned forty, and had left their children with grandparents so they could have a weekend Christmas shopping. They had a secure marriage, enjoyed porn and toys, and felt that they would enjoy a bit more excitement. The similarities seemed to be endless, and we got on really well.

"We've talked about doing this so much," said Lynne after two hours in the pub, "and we both wanted to do it, but it depended on meeting the right couple. I think we have," she said, smiling at Sally. 

Paul smiled at me, and asked, "Are we moving on?" Nicely put, I thought.

"Yes please!" said Sally, thirstily. I laughed out loud. What my wife lacked in tact she made up for in energetic enthusiasm.

"My wife is keen," I said. I turned to look at Lynne. "And so am I."

"Where are you staying?" asked Lynne. 

I pointed out of the window. "In one of the self catering apartments across the road," I said. "A bit more expensive than a hotel, but we have more space."

"Sounds perfect," said Paul.

Lynne pointed at her bags of Christmas shopping. "We need to drop these back at our hotel, five minutes away. We'll see you at your apartment in a few minutes." We picked up our shopping and left the pub, kissed each other's partners on the street, and agreed to meet in our rented apartment in about ten minutes time.

-

We dumped the bags in the hall. "A quick shower first," said Sally. I agreed. It had been a sweaty morning in the shops. When I watched her strip I saw another reason: her panties were soaking. 

We jumped into the shower together and she put some gel into my hands, "Rub my pussy clean," she said, reaching down to hold my hard cock. I quickly smothered her entire body with gel, lingering on her clean shaven mound, and then rinsed her off with the shower head. She climbed out of the shower and grabbed a towel. "Be quick - they'll be here any second!"

Too late. There was a knock at the door. "Send Lynne in here," I said, winking, and started to soap myself clean. She disappeared out of the bathroom leaving the towel behind, and went to answer the door naked. I heard voices, and then, a moment later, Lynne appeared at the bathroom door.

"You are pleased to see me, aren't you?" she asked, her eyes glued to my erection. 

"Would you like to join me?" I asked. I stood in the shower and watched as she slowly removed her jacket and her blouse, hanging them carefully, and then her trousers. She stood in front of me in her bra and panties before taking her eyes off my cock and looking straight at me. She unfastened her bra and let it drop to the floor, and then stepped into the shower.

"My panties are wet anyway," she said, taking hold of my cock and kissing me. Under the flow of water we explored each other's bodies with our hands, stroking and caressing while kissing and licking each other's tongues. I knelt down and pushed her panties to one side to expose her smoothly shaved twat and thrust my tongue inside her as she lifted one leg over my shoulder and pulled my head hard in between her legs. She rocked and moaned, fucking my face as I explored her cunt with my tongue, before pulling me up to my feet and dropping to her knees to suck my cock.

I ran my fingers through her hair, wondering that barely two hours after meeting her she was sucking my cock while my wife, who I had been faithful to since I was eighteen, was fucking her husband in the next room. The thought was so exciting that I wanted to see it, so I took Lynne's hand and guided her back up. "I want to see the others fucking," I said, enjoying her delighted expression.

I turned the shower off and we used towels to dry each other off slowly before going through the apartment. Sally was sitting naked on the kitchen worktop, her feet on Paul's shoulders as he greedily ate her cunt. His clothes were in a pile on the floor and he was wanking as he slurped on her wet lips.

"They're getting on well, then," laughed Lynne, and she leaned over to kiss Sally, thrusting her tongue into my wife's mouth. "Fuck his brains out, Sally," she said, and took me by the hand to the sitting room. "Lie on the floor," she said. "I saw something in some porn and I want to try it on you."

I stretched out on my back on the floor and watched as Lynne pulled her panties off and straddled me. She pushed my hard cock flat onto my stomach and then carefully spread her pussy lips onto either side of my cock. Slowly at first, she slid forwards and backwards, her wet, floppy lips slipping up and down the length of my twitching cock. I'd never felt anything like it, and reached up to hold her tits while watching her cunt slide up and down, up and down.

She arched her back and pushed her pussy down and then moaned out loud, "Oh yes!" She paused and smiled at me, "I can rub my clit up and down your cock!" Then she started to the slow strokes again, this time pushing harder, grunting and moaning as she slipped up and down my dick. 

I looked across the apartment to see Sally putting a condom onto Paul, and then bend forwards across the dining table so he could fuck her from behind. The look of sheer delight on her face turned me on even more, and we made eye contact as Paul thrust into her and started his long, pumping strokes. She started to cry out louder and louder, matching Lynne's cries. 

At this point I knew I was going to come first. "I'm going to come," I said to Lynne. 

She looked down at my cock. "Let me watch," she gasped. "I want to see it." She didn't stop her rhythmic strokes up and down my cock, and I was so excited she didn't have to wait long. My whole body jerked and a string of sticky come shot all the way up to my neck. Lynne scooped it up and rubbed it all over her tits, still sliding her clit up and down the length of my cock.

Soon after my orgasm I was too soft, so Lynne got up and sat on the sofa, spreading her legs wide. I got onto my knees and dived down into her wet pussy, her huge, soft lips wrapped around my face. Her clit was a large hard lump and I flicked it with my tongue against my teeth. She squealed with delight, "Yes, do that again! Keep doing that! Oh God, yes!" as I repeated it.

I could hear Paul coming as he fucked Sally, and felt Lynne's thighs and bottom tense. She grabbed my head and shouted, "I'm coming!" Again and again she thrust her cunt up, hard into my face as she came, and then suddenly pushed me back. I looked up at her smiling face, and she leaned forward to kiss me.

"Am I last?" asked Sally. She was standing naked next to Paul as he pulled a come-filled condom off his floppy cock.

Lynne leapt to her feet, "I can finish you off, if you want?" she asked.

This was new. Sally had never mentioned sex with another woman before, so I had no idea how she would react, but I was interested in her answer. Sally smiled, took Lynne's hand, and asked her, "What did you have in mind?"

"Sit back and let me lick you out," she answered. Sally sat down and spread her legs wide, holding her cunt open.

"Like this?" 

Lynne knelt between her legs, pushed two fingers deep into my wife's cunt, and then started to lick her clit. Almost immediately Sally threw her head back and started to moan, breathing deeply. Paul and I watched our naked wives, one noisily licking the other, until Sally came loudly.

Lynne stood up, leaving Sally spread on the sofa with her pussy twitching, and looked me up and down, her eyes lingering on my cock. "Open a bottle, Steve. When you boys have recovered I want a threesome."