 I've been writing stories about Steve & Sally for a couple of years now, but never shared anything.

They're a happily married couple in their forties; they have ordinary jobs, children, and everything about them seems vanilla.

But they also like lingerie, videos, toys, and they have recently discovered swinging. In this short story a recently divorced friend is seduced into becoming a new playmate. As you can imagine, this is only the beginning.

-----

Ever since we got married Sally & I took birthdays off work. We would have a pub lunch, too much to drink, and spend the afternoon in bed with lingerie, videos and toys. Today was my birthday and the kids had been sent to school an hour ago. We were just waiting for the pub to open when Alison, one of Sally's friends, arrived with a large bunch of flowers.

I've always liked Alison. She is a laugh and easy to look at, but for the last couple of years she had been going through some difficult times. Her husband, Ian, had become quite bitter and impatient, and then eventually left her telling everyone that she was impossible to live with. As far as I was concerned, he was the arsehole and she had done nothing wrong, but that didn't help. 

She was looking a lot better now, though, and Sally said so.

"What are the flowers for?" Sally asked her.

"To say thank you," Alison answered. "I don't know how I would have managed the last couple of years without you two."

"Oh, there's no need for that," my wife said to her. "I'm just glad to see you looking happier now. How did your date go?"

"Date?" I asked. "What did I miss?"

"Alison had a date. She registered on a dating site and met someone on Saturday night." Sally turned to her friend. "He did it go?"

"Disappointing, really. He was a bit of a creep." Sally frowned at her sympathetically. 

"No action, then? That's a shame." Alison laughed.

"No, none of that, I'm afraid. God knows I need it, but all the decent men are taken. I'm not being picky, mind. I don't think I'll be lucky enough to find someone as nice as Steve, but at the very least I want to meet someone who doesn't make my skin crawl."

Sally winked at me. "Borrow Steve, then." Alison laughed again.

"Oh, I'd love to! If only," she laughed. Sally looked at me.

"I'm up for it," I said. Alison stopped laughing.

"You're serious!" she said to me. She looked at Sally.

"You wouldn't be the first," Sally said. 

"You are serious!" she shouted. "Steve's had a lover? And you don't mind?"

"Yes," I said. "And more than one."

"And you're happy with this?" Alison asked Sally.

"Of course," said Sally. "When he's having sex with another woman, I'm screwing her husband. We're swingers."

It was the look on Alison's face that told me she was interested - she was shocked and delighted at the same time. The noise she made was half laugh, half shout. This is why I loved Sally so much: she knew she could reveal this to Alison and how it would end. I could feel my cock getting harder.

"Swingers? You meet other couples for sex? Tell me more!" Jackpot! Sally definitely deserved a reward for this!

"What's to tell? We meet other couples, have a drink, get to know them, and if we all like each other we have sex."

"That's amazing!" Alison was wide eyed, her mouth wide open - but, crucially, she was smiling. "How do you meet them?"

"On the internet," I said. "There are a few websites. Couples post profiles of themselves, what they like, maybe a photo, and if you like the look of them you get in touch. After that, it's all about chemistry."

"And do you have a profile? With a photo?" Alison was definitely interested.

"Oh yes," said Sally. "Our faces aren't on it, but it is a very revealing picture."

"Bloody hell!" She said. "You mean nude?" Sally nodded. "And do you meet really kinky people?"

"No," I said. "People are very honest about what they like and don't like, and respect each other's wishes. We aren't interested in the really kinky stuff, and we're a bit vanilla for swingers who are looking for that sort of thing."

"Neither of us do anal or S&M," said Sally. "Steve isn't bisexual, but if I'm with the right woman and in the right mood I can be a bit bi. But that only ever happens when I'm a bit drunk and the woman is really really fit."

"Vanilla?"

"Plain," I said.

"I wouldn't call wife swapping 'plain,' Steve."

"For you, it probably isn't," said Sally. "But for us it is exciting. Our sex lives are so much better. I get incredible orgasms now, when we're swinging and at home with Steve."

"How do you feel watching Steve have sex with another woman?"

"Aroused, mainly. It is a huge turn-on. And I know he feels the same about me fucking other men." Alison's eyes widened and a huge smile grew across her face when Sally said the word fucking. "I've watched him masturbate while I've been with a group of men. He can't deny that he gets off on it."

"So you're serious, then? You really wouldn't mind if I had sex with him."

"Of course not. And if it's OK with you, I'd love to be there with you." Alison looked really shocked at this point. "I wouldn't do anything you were uncomfortable with, don't worry about that."

"Neither would I," I said. "Swinging is just about having fun. If it isn't fun, don't do it. Do you think it would be fun if we had sex?"

"God yes," she said, "But I don't know if I could."

Sally stood up. "Let's start off easy, then," she said. "Come here, Steve." I walked across the kitchen to my wife, and she started to unbutton my shirt.

"Bloody hell," said Alison. "You are serious!"

"No commitments, Alison. Just come and have a play with Steve. I know he'll enjoy it."

"It is my birthday," I said as I pushed my shirt off and Sally unfastened my trousers. She pushed them down and my erection sprang out. Alison's eyes were glued to it.

"Come closer," Sally told me, pushing me towards where Alison was sitting. Sally took my cock in her hand and started wanking it. "Have a good feel, Alison."

Alison reached out slowly and took my cock in her hand while Sally moved hers round to my balls. I moaned in pleasure while the two women stroked and massaged me, and I reached down into the front of Sally's trousers to finger her. She had prepared for my birthday treat: she was shaved and wearing no panties. For a few seconds the three of us enjoyed ourselves before Sally spoke again.

"Have you ever fantasised about Steve while you masturbate?" she asked. Alison blushed, and Sally took that as a yes. "So now it's real. Let him go down on you - he's good at that. And then let him fuck you. It'll be good for both of you."

I think that this would have been a bit too much for Alison if she didn't already have my hard cock in her hand. "Don't feel guilty about this," I said. "Sally doesn't mind. And if you want me to stop, just say no. I won't mind, and you won't be leading me on. I'm sure that Sally will still give me my birthday treat."

We both saw Alison visibly relax in her seat. "Try this," said Sally. "He loves it." She bent down and took the end of my cock in her mouth to suck it for a few moments. When she stopped, Alison nervously took my head into her mouth and sucked it very gently, much more gently than I was used to, but the novelty of seducing our old friend more than made up for it. This was one of the most exciting blowjobs I'd had for years.

After a couple of minutes she stopped and looked nervously at me. "Your turn," I said. I pulled my trousers from round my ankles and dropped them onto the floor, and then took her hand for her to stand up. I kissed her neck and groped her bum, listening to her gasp. Then I started to unbutton her blouse. "Don't forget, just say no if you want me to stop." I knew she wouldn't, and within moments I was unfastening her bra and licking her nipples.

We both looked at Sally, who was unfastening her trousers. "Don't mind me," she said. "I'm just going to enjoy the show." She pulled her trousers off and Alison gasped.

"Your pubic hair! What happened to it?"

"I shaved it off," she said. "Steve and I both love it. It turns him on, and everything is so sensitive down there it makes oral much better." She spread her legs and started to finger herself. "Go on, Alison. You enjoy yourself."

Alison must have felt my hard cock throb in her hand at the sight of my wife masturbating in front of both of us because she looked down at it, pulling her nipple away from my tongue. I stood up straight again and looked into her eyes. "This is just about friends orgasming together. I enjoy doing this, but it won't change how much I like you, no matter what happens." She stared into my eyes, looking worried and thirsty at the same time. I took a chance and unbuttoned her jeans, then slowly slid my hand down the front of them. She gripped my cock tighter as my fingertips slid closer and closer down to her pussy, slipped into the tight wetness between her lips, and then started to stroke her clitoris. She wobbled slightly on her feet, moving them apart, giving me easier access into her hot wet cunt, and rested her hand and head on my shoulder, still gripping my hard cock in her other hand.

Slowly, I caressed her clitoris while kissing her neck and ear, feeling her hand stroke my cock up and down. After a couple of minutes her grip tightened and she started to work my shaft a little bit faster. I didn't react, and continued to tickle her clit with one hand and hold her arse in the other until I felt her whole pelvis start to writhe. Gently, I started to push her trousers and panties down, first uncovering her bum and her hairy pussy, and then using both hands until her clothes were round her ankles.

I grabbed her arse in both hands and lifted her onto the kitchen table, and pulled her shoes and her trousers off. "Put your feet on my shoulders," I said. I knelt down and gazed at her pussy and she gently put her feet on either side of my head. It had been more than ten years since Sally had started to trim and then shave her pubic hair, and all of the women I'd met through swinging had spent a lot of time either shaving their pussies clean or trimming a very neat bush. Alison, though, had an unkempt mane of black hair surrounding her wet twat, and the sheer novelty and innocence of that sent a powerful jolt of arousal throughout my entire body. I pulled her lips apart with my thumbs and threw my face into the wet depths of her cunt, slurping at it greedily.

Alison cried out in pleasure and I responded by pushing two fingers deep into her cunt, searching to see if she had that rough, responsive patch on her pussy wall that triggered intense responses, but she had been on her own for two years - everything I touched triggered an explosion.

I realised Sally was saying something to me, something I had been ignoring because I was concentrating so hard on eating that neglected pussy: "Fuck her, Steve! Shove your cock into that cunt and fuck her brains out!" I stood up and looked at Alison, who was covered in sweat and panting.

"Fuck me, Steve! God, I need fucking! Fuck me hard!" I used my hands to open her pussy lips and guide the end of my cock in between them, and then shoved it in, hard and fast, and Alison screamed out loud, "Oh fuck!"

She grabbed my arse as I began to thrust in and out of her eager cunt, shouting "Take it, take it!" while my cock bumped against the ridges in the muscles of her pussy. Her shocked cries of "Oh, oh!" just spurred me on and I pumped harder and faster, watching Sally thrusting her fingers in and out of her cunt.

Alison's grip on my arse was getting tighter and beginning to hurt, a delicious spur to make me thrust harder and faster. I gripped her tits in my hands and rammed my cock hard into her cunt again and again, feeling it tighten and her whole body tense more and more until, suddenly, she screamed and she pulled me in so hard I couldn't pull back. I could feel her pussy muscles spasming around my cock and her stomach quivering against mine while she gasped rhythmically trying to catch her breath.

After a moment she pushed me away and Sally greedily grabbed my cock. "You haven't come yet, have you? I need that cock!" She sat on the table next to Alison and pulled my cock into her cunt and we started to thrust away right next to Alison, who stared wide eyed as I shoved my nob, still covered in her juices, into my wife's naked cunt.

That was enough for me - I could feel the orgasm approaching and, as usual, Sally saw it in my eyes. "Yes," she said, "come inside me." I watched her tits bounce as I shafted her hard, listening to the yelps of pleasure she made until, just as I started to come, I pulled out of her and wanked a messy spray of come across her smooth pussy, her legs and stomach, and the kitchen table.

"Fuck," said Alison, "that's amazing." 

"We're not finished yet," I said. "How close are you, Sally?"

"Shut up and eat me," she said thirstily. With her hands pushing my head, I buried my face into her wet cunt and shoved two fingers hard up against the rough patch of wall where I knew her g-spot was. Her hands were pulling my face in hard and I could feel the muscles were gripping tighter and tighter - it would only be moments. She was crying out louder and higher until, suddenly, everything went tense and tight and I was held in a suffocating grip face-first in her orgasming pussy; I'd always said that was how I wanted to die - well, who wouldn't?

After a few moments I stood up and looked at Alison, who was still perched naked on the edge of our kitchen table. She was looking at Sally, also naked, gasping next to her as she recovered from an orgasm.

I leaned in to kiss Alison. "It's as easy as that," I said. "It doesn't change us - but it does make everything better."