 Mark was tooling down the interstate highway lost in his thoughts, he was pulling his flatbed trailer behind his pick-up. That stupid landlord had told him he could not park his trailer at the apartments because his truck and his motorcycle already took up two parking places. The only way he could keep his trailer there was park the truck or the bike on the trailer and that was a royal pain to pull the ramps out and load one of them every night. Mark knew he needed to find somewhere to store the trailer that was secure and cheap.

Mark saw the headlights of a car coming up on him fast, the small Chevy had to have been going eighty five as it blew past him. Just as it cut back over into Mark's lane, a cloud of smoke, dust and debris exploded into the air. Mark could see the cars brake lights swerving through the cloud as the driver fought for control of the vehicle. Diving into the passing lane, Mark avoided the car as it slid to the shoulder. The Chevy looked like it hit the guardrail, stopping a few feet from the bridge abutment. Mark pulled over at the other end of the bridge, grabbed his flashlight, tucked his pistol in his belt, and walked to the car to see if everyone was ok.

Krista and Ramona were out of the car before Mark got across the bridge. "Are you ok?" he asked.

"Yeah, I think so." answered Krista. "We hit something in the road and all hell broke loose."

"We almost hit the bridge." Ramona added as she leaned against the car shaking..

"But neither of you is hurt, right?" Mark asked again. They both shook their heads. "Was there anyone else in the car?" They both shook their heads again. Mark continued, "Well, lets look at the damage to see if you need a tow truck."

The car was two inches from the guardrail, there did not appear to be any body damage. Mark looked under the car, a retread cap from a semi truck tire was hung up beneath the motor.

"Did the car die when you got stopped?" Mark asked as he tried to pull the rubber from under the car.

"Before." said Krista. "As soon as we hit what ever it was, we lost our power steering and the brakes didn't work very well."

"Your going to need a wrecker and a repair shop." Mark said. "Being Friday night, you are probably stuck here until Monday when the garages open up."

Krista and Ramona whispered to each other for a minute, then Krista said, "We don't really have the money for a tow truck or a big repair bill. We have another three hundred miles to go before we get to someone that can help us. I don't think we can get anyone to come get us tonight."

"Well," Mark thought out loud, "I might be able to at least get you off the highway and see what got torn up. At least you would be in the city."

"Could you?" Krista said. "We would really appreciate it. Once we know more about the damage, we'll know what we need to do."

Mark could not get his trailer in front of their car so he waited for a big break in traffic, made a U-turn, and backed his trailer up behind the vehicle. After he put his ramps in place, he tried to start their car to put it on the trailer. The motor would barely turn over and it would not start. He backed up the trailer sliding the rear wheels up the ramp. When the ramps got to the front wheels, Mark got out a small hand winch and pulled the car the rest of the way onto the trailer.

After they had driven the thirty miles to the edge of the city, Mark tried to call his friend that owned a shop but he was gone for the weekend. Mark drove to the shop, he had the keys and the alarm code. His friend occasionally used Mark's trailer and Mark sometimes used the shop to work on his truck. He backed the trailer inside, unhooked it and pulled the truck outside so the door of the shop would close.

Looking under the car, Mark said, "You sure aren't going anywhere tonight and you might be stuck here a lot longer than Monday. Your car is leaking transmission fluid, it looks like there is a hole in the pan."

"Crap!" said Ramona. "What else is wrong?"

Mark popped the hood and stepped up on the trailer. As he opened the hood there was a huge chunk of tire wadded up where the alternator and serpentine belt mounted to the motor. "Wow." he said. First thing you'll need is a new alternator, a new belt, and probably a new water pump. The A/C unit looks Ok and so does the belt tensioner. If we get all this stuff out of here and don't find anything else broken, you could get everything except the transmission pan at the parts store in the morning. It would be a long shot, but we might be able to find a pan at the salvage yard."

"How much do you think all that will cost?" asked Krista.

"Everything except the pan should be less then two hundred dollars." Mark replied.

"Does the parts store take Visa?" Krista asked. "We only have about fifty dollars cash between us."

"The parts store does, but the salvage yard won't." Mark said. "A dealer would if they had the part in stock."

"What can we do?" Ramona asked.

"We can get all of the cleaned out and be ready to go get the parts in the morning." Mark said. "Then, if we can find everything, I can pay for the pan and you can buy me that many dollars worth of stuff at the parts store. I have a few things I do need that should cover it."

"Oh thank you!" squealed Krista. "What can we do to help?"

"Since we are going to be here quite a while." Mark began, "would you like something to drink?"

"You better believe it." said Ramona. "I'm a wreck."

Mark pulled two twenties out of his jeans pocket. "There is a liquor store right next door, get me a twelve pack of Miller and get yourself whatever you would like." He handed the money to Krista.

"I'm not quite old enough yet." said Krista. "But Ramona is. and she handed the money to Ramona. The two girls whispered for a moment, then Ramona headed for the door.

"Go straight over there then straight back." Mark said. "This is not a real nice neighborhood."

"Ok." Ramona went out the door and Mark started setting up the jack stands under the trailer. He jacked the car up on the trailer and put stands under it. Ramona was back in a flash, she handed Mark a beer while she and Krista opened a bottle of wine.

They all started pulling chunks of rubber out of the car, after about an hour of tugging, cutting, and swearing, they had it all laying on the floor. Every chance Mark got, he would secretly stare at the two girls, their tight jeans were distracting him terribly.

"It doesn't look too bad. Mark said. "If we can get a transmission pan in the morning you should be on the road before dark. It might also be a good idea to get some new pulleys for the water pump and the alternator. We can probably get them at the salvage yard."

It was almost midnight and Ramona was very tired. "I think I'll lay down for a little while." she said. "Where would be a good place?"

"If you have a blanket and will lock the doors, my truck would be the best place." replied Mark. There is still some work I want to get done on the car before we stop."

Ramona grabbed a blanket out of the car and headed for Mark's truck. Mark laid on his back and slid under the car. "Could you hand me that socket and ratchet?" he asked Krista.

Krista knelt down beside Mark to hand him the tools. "You know how much we appreciate you helping us." she started. "I hope there is something we can do for you to repay you."

"It's a little early to be too grateful." replied Mark. "We don't know if you'll be on the road after all this or not."

"I have confidence that we will be." said Krista. "Although I'm not so sure I want to be rolling too soon." Her hand ran up Mark's leg and squeezed his cock. Mark dropped the ratchet and it almost landed on his head. He didn't have much room under the car and laying on the trailer didn't help either. He felt Krista unbuckle his belt, his cock began to grow as she unzipped his jeans. Krista freed his cock and Mark hit his head on the car as he tried to raise up. Her tongue ran up one side of his shaft, around the head, then down the other side. Mark just laid there as Krista pulled his jeans down to get easier access to him.

Krista's lips and tongue had Mark's cock rock hard in moments. Having no room to move and with his hands covered with grease and grime, Mark was unable to do anything except lay back and enjoy Krista's service. Her teeth lightly grazed the head of his cock as she took him deep into her mouth, her fingers massaged his balls. Mark could only see Krista's long blonde hair as her lips slid up and down his shaft, but he didn't need to see her to feel his come building up quickly.

Krista rolled her head around the head of Mark's cock at the top and bottom of each stroke, her tongue danced from side to side. She felt Mark's balls begin to draw up and she slowed her pace as his cock throbbed in her mouth. Mark felt a finger find his ass hole just as Krista took him the deepest into her mouth and his come rushed up his shaft exploding into Krista's mouth. She swallowed as much as she could then licked him clean.

Mark was catching his breath when instead of pulling his jeans up, Krista took his shoes off and removed his jeans completely. "Finish what you need to under there while I watch." Krista said. "You don't need any other tools for me but do you need anything for the car?"

"Just that big plastic drain pan over there." Mark replied as the bolts were coming out of the bent transmission pan. Krista handed him the drain pan and Mark pried the pan off the transmission."

"Damn," he said, "it's a good thing you stopped when you did, the transmission filter is crushed. I don't see anything else wrong though so that won't be too much more."

"Now this is auto service." Ramona had woke up and come back inside.

"That's not what got serviced." smiled Krista.

"You mean you started without me?" whined Ramona.

Mark slid out from under the car. "There's not much more we can do until the parts store and salvage yard open."

"Come here and get cleaned up then." said Krista. Each girl took an arm and led Mark over to the sink. Krista began to wash his left arm and Ramona started on his right.

"What happened to your pants?" asked Ramona as her soapy hand slipped around Mark's cock.

"Uh." Mark stammered.

"I helped him out of them so they wouldn't get dirty." laughed Krista.

"How did his come taste?" Ramona asked her.

"Delicious." Krista said. "I mean, what makes you think I tasted his come?"

"My nickname for you is 'Going down.'" said Ramona.

"Well I'll just have to prove that." retorted Krista. She dropped to her knees, wiped the soap off Mark's cock and kissed the head. Ramona pushed him back from the sink and kissed Mark hard on the lips. As she took Mark's soft cock into her mouth, Krista reached up to undo Ramona's jeans. Ramona kicked her shoes off as Krista peeled the jeans to the floor. With a hand on each crotch in front of her, Krista's mouth moved back and forth between Mark and Ramona. Mark's hand slid under Ramona's shirt and began to caress her breasts through her bra.

As Mark's cock began to grow, Ramona slipped out of her bra, pulling it out the sleeve of her shirt. Mark rolled her hard nipples between his thumb and finger. Soft moans came from her as Krista fingered Ramona's pussy. When Mark's cock had grown to large to fill her mouth, Krista stood up and guided Ramona and Mark over to a car parked in the shop. She helped Ramona up on the hood and laid on her back. Krista pulled her shirt and bra off in one motion, guiding Mark's hands to her jeans, she buried her head between Ramona's legs.

Mark slid Krista's jeans off and knelt behind her. His tongue teased the lips of her moist pussy. Ramona was breathing heavily with her ankles on Krista's shoulders.

"Fuck her." Ramona gasped. "Push that big cock into Krista."

Mark stood behind Krista, he guided his cock between the lips of her pussy and she pushed against him. As the head of his cock slipped into Krista's tight pussy, Ramona grabbed her by the head and pulled her tongue deeper into her pussy.

"Oh yes!" screamed Ramona. "Fuck her! Fuck her hard!"

Each time Mark pushed his cock into Krista, Ramona would scream with pleasure as Krista's tongue worked deep into her pussy.

"Harder! Faster!" Ramona cried.

Krista was gasping for breaths as Mark pounded his cock into her. Both girls moaning loudly. Krista pushed backwards to meet each stroke from Mark, each stroke pushed her harder between Ramona's legs. Ramona was thrashing about on the hood of the car. Mark suddenly felt Krista's muscles tense and she slipped a finger deep into Ramona's ass. Both girls had earth shattering orgasms at the same time. Each was gasping for air as they screamed with each stroke of Mark's cock. Ramona went limp on the hood of the car, Mark had to catch Krista as her knees gave out. He laid her on the car on her stomach beside Ramona.

Krista motioned for Mark to lean over to her, she whispered in his ear, "Fuck her. Fuck her just like you fucked me."

Mark looked at Ramona still laying limp on the car. "Are you sure?" he asked Krista. She nodded and Mark moved between Ramona's legs. Pulling her to the edge of the hood, he guided his throbbing cock to Ramona's pussy. Ramona gasped as he entered her, her pussy felt so hot. She immediately began to squirm on the hood and Mark began to stroke his cock into harder and faster. In seconds, Ramona was screaming with each stroke. She wrapped her legs around Mark's waist and pulled him into her harder. Within moments, another orgasm thundered through Ramona. As she clamped onto Mark, his cock released his come deep inside her.

Mark caught his breath, the girls were drifting in and out, still lying on the hood of the car. He decided to finish as much as he could on their car. By dawn, the only thing left was to gather the parts and put the car back together. Mark woke the girls up and told them to get ready to go eat.

The salvage yard had all the parts they needed there and the parts store supplied the rest of the necessary items. The car went back together smoothly and started on the first try. Mark test drove it, then Krista drove it. Both agreed it should make it alright. Krista promised to have a real mechanic look at it when they got to their destination.

It was 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and the girls were ready to leave.

"I'm kind of sorry it drives good" said Mark. "It would have been nice to keep the two of you trapped here for a couple of more days."

"Yes, that would have been fun." said Ramona. "But, we do have to be getting down the road."

"It's not dark yet." Krista said. "Don't you think the least we can do Ramona, is hang around for a couple of more hours? After all, Mark promised to have us rolling by dark and he made it with time to spare."

"This is true." replied Ramona. The girls moved on each side of him. "Besides, I never got to suck that big cock of his." They both reached for his belt.

Krista and Ramona slid Mark's jeans off of him then pulled his shirt over his head. They followed each other as each kissed and nibbled their way from his neck to his knees. A tongue teased its way up the inside of each of Mark's thighs, the two girls lips met at the head of his cock. Krista kissed Ramona hard and they continued playing follow the leader up and down Mark's shaft. Mark's cock was wrapped up by two tongues each time the girls kissed at the head of his cock. As he was about to come, Krista moved downward to gently roll Mark's balls around in her mouth. Ramona took as much of him into her mouth as she could, her tongue drawing circles underneath the head. When Mark exploded in Ramona's mouth, Krista eagerly clean up what Ramona could not handle.

After cleaning him up thoroughly, the girls sat Mark in a chair, Ramona pulled Krista to her and kissed her passionately. Krista's hands roamed over Ramona's soft curves gently. It did not take long watching the heavy make out session of the girls for Mark's cock to begin to grow again. Fingers sliding into every orifice and tongues teasing every inch of flesh always turned Mark on.

They moved Mark over to the huge table that sat against the wall, laying him down on his back. Both girls climbed on the table, Krista straddled Marks legs and Ramona straddled his head. Krista takes hold of Mark's cock and inches it into her aching pussy as Ramona settled onto Mark's lips. Mark wrapped his hands around Ramona's hips and she leaned forward to kiss Krista.

Krista leaned forward to meet Ramona, her hands were on Mark's chest. Ramona wrapped her arms around Krista's neck in a passionate embrace. Mark's fingers explored Ramona's ass, first a single finger, then a second. Both girls were breathing heavily and soft moans escaped from Krista.

With Ramona kissing her deeply and caressing her breasts softly, Mark's cock filling her pussy completely and his other hand exploring her ass, Krista was soon swallowed by a hard orgasm. She rocked on Mark's cock as a second and third wave hit her. Her deep panting and moans subsided and Ramona laid her on the table beside Mark.

Ramona slid onto Mark's cock, her tight pussy taking him completely in one stroke. Mark's tongue combined with Krista's passionate kisses had almost pushed her over the edge. Now his cock was filling her totally, each time she raised up and pushed him deep into herself Ramona let out a small gasp. Krista recover from her orgasm quickly and straddled Mark's face, his tongue danced around the tender lips of her pussy.

Krista leaned over and began to bite Ramona's nipples lightly. With a loud moan, Ramona grabbed Krista's head and guided her all around her breasts. The harder Krista nibbled, the harder Ramona pushed Mark into her pussy. The harder Mark raised his hips to meet her, the louder Ramona moaned. Krista and Mark would not let Ramona slow down, they worked her harder and faster. When Krista reached down and rolled Ramona's clit between her thumb and finger, Ramona screamed as her orgasm crashed through her body. She collapsed on top of Mark gasping for air. As her breathing slowed, Mark and Krista rolled her on to the table.

Krista laid on the desk next to the table, "Come here." she said. "Come here and screw my brains out." Mark stepped between her legs placing her ankles on his shoulders. His cock slipped inside Krista's pussy easily. Mark started with slow, full length strokes. Each stroke was a little harder and a little faster. Krista raised her hips to meet each of his strokes, her tight pussy seemed to pull Mark in deeper. Soon he was slamming his cock deep into Krista.

"Oh yeah! Harder!" Krista gasped. "It feels so good. Pound that cock into me! I want your come in my pussy!"

Mark felt Ramona kneel behind him, she reached between his legs and pushed a finger into Krista's ass. Krista went wild, she was bucking on Mark's cock and Ramona's finger. Ramona wrapped her fingers around Mark's balls, she licked her thumb and pushed it into Mark's ass. Mark and Krista were both moaning and gasping for air. Every time Mark slammed into Krista, she let out a scream. Ramona pushed a second finger into Krista. Her orgasm rolled over Krista wave after wave as Mark's cock pumped his come deep inside her. Krista went limp on the desk trembling as she fought to catch her breath. Mark sat down in the chair and laid his head on Krista's dripping pussy, his chest heaving. Ramona laid on the desk with Krista. All of them dozed off almost immediately.. 

After a short nap, Krista and Ramona gathered their clothes and dressed. Each of them gave Mark a kiss before getting in the car. Mark opened the overhead door and the Chevy disappeared into the night with the girls.

Mark closed the door and turned around, "Damn." He said aloud. "I'll have to get this trailer out of Tony's way tomorrow so he can open up Monday."