 The moans of pleasure and the squelching sounds of the huge cock furiously pumping in and out of his wife's pussy compelled Steve to turn his head to watch the erotic scene of his hot wife being fucked by the fourth stranger that night. From his position, hand cuffed to the chair, Steve could clearly see the stranger's cock as it pumped a load of hot cum into his wife's pussy. Steve could see the pulsing veins on the stranger's cock as he held his cock still, deep in his wife's well used pussy. Julie, Steve's wife, who was thoroughly enjoying being used as a cum slut, let out a squeal of delight as the stranger's cock was pulled from her slippery pussy. In between moans of pleasure resulting from the tremors of her continuing orgasm Julie lustily uttered one word. "Next."

This scene may have been confronting to most people. But in his position, hand cuffed to the chair, Steve had no other option to watch his wife being fucked by a continuous train of strangers. Any revulsion he may have felt at witnessing this scene was dissipated by the dressed only in a shiny black corset kneeling between his knees and slowly, expertly, massaging his rock hard cock. Any revulsion he may have felt faded away as this cute hottie slowly stroked his cock with one hand while gently running a finger of the other hand around his arse hole. For a while Steve had wanted nothing more than to cum. This leather clad cute hottie had held him close to orgasm for the last three guys who had fucked his wife. Right now he wanted nothing more than to climb on top of his wife and burry his own cock deep inside her well fucked pussy and add his own load of cum to her drenched pussy. Struggling in vain against his confinement the cute hottie gave Steve's cock a strong squeeze and uttered some words of warning.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Not yet. You'll get your turn."

In the interim before another guy took his place, fucking Julie's well used pussy, Steve looked down at the cute hottie kneeling between his legs, stroking his cock. She was wearing nothing but a black leather corset that left her small, but perfectly formed, tits exposed. She had long black hair that often softly covered her tits, but could not cover the hard nubs that were her nipples. Steve wanted to twist and squeeze those nipples, but it was the cute hottie who had a grasp on him. Whenever he began to get closer to cumming she would squeeze his cock, hard, until the urge to cum had subsided. While she squeezed her hand was still on his cock. But the fingers of her other hand were always busy, slowly making small circles around Steve's arse hole. Each time she got to the center of his arse hole the tip of a finger would be pushed in. Steve wanted to fuck both his wife and this cute hottie. But it was the cute hottie who was slowly fucking him.

Things between Steve and Julie had not always been like this. Their sex life was what some would consider adequate and other would consider in adequate. They fucked every two weeks or so. It seemed to be enough for Julie, but Steve wanted more. He had this fantasy growing in his mind. It had taken seed while he was watching porn; one girl being shared by her husband among other men. 

Steve had tried to talk Julie around to trying something like this. In her younger years, before they were married, Julie had been sexually adventurous. Back then she would have tried anything. One time she even tried sex with another woman. The stories she told Steve about her first time eating her friend's pussy made Steve almost explode on the spot. 

But when Steve tired to talk Julie around to group sex she always came up with the same reasons why they shouldn't. What would it be like the next day? What would happen if they met that person on the street? What would happen if it was one of her work colleagues who had fucked her?

So for the time being the idea of a threesome was just a fantasy that Steve played with in his mind while he was fucking his wife. While she sucked his cock he liked to finger her pussy, imagining another cock forcing her deeper onto his cock. Imagining her being fucked by a stranger while sucking on his cock Steve would furiously pump his cock in her mouth before exploding with a load of hot cum. Julie would eagerly lick every last drop from Steve's cock before they would both share a salty, sticky, cum kiss. Steve was sure that with just a little persuasion Julie could be convinced to try a threesome. For now that answer was always the same. Shot down every time. But Steve didn't give up. She would only have to say yes once.

That night was their wedding anniversary. So it wasn't surprising to Steve to find a text message from his wife telling him about a surprise tonight. It was a little unusual. Normally it was Steve who arranged the surprises. Tonight he was planning a quiet night at home. He was going to cook dinner for both himself and his wife. They were going to eat by candle light before relaxing in the hot tub for a few hours. After that Steve was hoping that Julie would be in the mood for some hot fucking. Maybe he could spend some time trying to convincing Julie now much fun she could have with multiple cocks. But that was not going to be. 

The text informed Steve to go to a local hotel. There he would find his instruction in room number 104.

After finishing his day's work, Steve made his way to the hotel. By the time he arrived there the sun was getting low in the sky. Checking his watch, Steve confirmed that he was where he was supposed to be, when he was supposed to be. Punctuality was important to Steve. He liked to be in control at all times. Not knowing what was going to happen tonight not only made him a little apprehensive but also heightened his sense of sexual excitement. Maybe this would be the day that his wife would agree to a threesome.

Steve checked his watch one more time before he knocked on the door. Within moments the door was opened by a young, lithe, sexy brunet. She was dressed in just a leather corset with her tits exposed. He long black hair flowed down over the black leather of her corset and accentuated the perfectly formed round tits with pointy erect nipples. 

"You must be Steve. Come with me." She commanded Steve, taking his hand and walking back into the room. As the door closed behind them Steve's eyes were firmly locked on the exquisite arse of this young, cute, hottie.

"Hi Honey. Surprise!" This came from his wife who was lying on the bed, naked. It was only at this moment did Steve break out of the trance the cute hottie had held him in with the erotic sway of her arse as she walked. Looking over to the bed Steve's eyes took in the nakedness of his wife lying on her back on the bed. Her legs were spread and her pussy was glistening. Steve imagined, correctly, that his wife had been enjoying the attention of this cute hottie while she was waiting for Steve to arrive. Looking back at the cute hottie from his wife's pussy and back again, the cute hottie gave Steve a wind to confirm that his suspicions were correct. While they had been waiting for Steve to arrive Julie and this cute hottie had been busy licking and sucking each other's pussies. And now here was Steve, hoping that now it was his turn to fuck both of these cuties.

Eager to make the evening last as long as it could Steve gave in to the cute hottie's demand that he sit himself in a nearby chair and watch the show. From under the chair she pulled out two pairs of hand cuffs. Steve eagerly complied; relishing the kinky nature of what he thought was going to happen. In his mind Steve could see what was about to happen. The cute hottie and his wife were going to get back to work, liking, sucking, and fingering each other to orgasm; all while Steve watched.

But instead the cute hottie knelt down between Steve's legs and started to undo his pants. Not offering any resistance, Steve lifted his arse off the chair to let the cute hottie undress him. Before he knew it, Steve was naked from the waist down and the cut hottie had one hand on his cock. Feeling the fullness of his ridged cock, the cute hottie began slowly stroking his cock with one hand while fondling his balls with the other. This was not how he had imagined this night going, but this turn of events was a welcome surprise.

While the cute hottie worked on stroking Steve's cock, Julie was laying naked on the bed watching. She was moaning with pleasure, watching Steve being controlled by this cute, young hottie.

Punctuating the moans of his wife, Steve heard a knock on the door. It was only at this moment that Steve noticed that there was a conjoining door linking two rooms together. A moment after the knock the door opened and a tall, muscular naked man walked into the room. Any protest Steve could have made was stopped by the cute hottie as she stated fingering his arse at the same time she stroked his cock. All the while he was enjoying the exquisite hand job his eyes followed the path of the tall, naked man as he walked towards the bed.

"Ahhh," Was all that he was able to mutter at the tall naked man climbed onto the bed and without a word, climbed between his wife's legs and slid his cock deep into her pussy. Realizing that his fantasy of watching his wife being fucked by a stranger was coming true, Steve settled back to enjoy the show; his wife being fucked by the stranger while he was getting the best hand job of his life.

Looking down at the cute hottie Steve thought how perfect it would be if she could take his cock in her mouth. But this thought was interrupted as the tall stranger stiffened and moaned in his own orgasm. Steve turned his head to the side and watched as the stranger flooded Julie's pussy with his cum. 

Seeing his wife's pussy being filled with stranger's cum made Steve super excited. But he was a little disappointed that it had ended so soon. At least now he would get his chance to fuck his wife. But before he gained his freedom, Julie muttered one word.

"Next!"

At this instruction the adjoining door opened again and another stranger entered the room. He too was naked and his cock was big and hard. Steve knew exactly what was going to happen next. He settled back, enjoying the cute hottie's hand job and enjoyed watching the show.

This guy climbed onto the bed and took control of Julie. he rolled her over onto her side and straddled one of her legs before sliding his cock into her cum slippery pussy. In this position Steve could see Julie's tits bounce with each thrust of the stranger's cock.

"You like my cock?" the stranger grunted as he fucked Julie's pussy hard. "You like being fucked by a huge cock?"

"Ah ha. Ah ha." was all that Julie could moan between spurts of pleasure each time the stranger's huge cock plunged deep into her pussy. Julie squealed with pleasure as the stranger tweaked and twisted Julie's nipples as he thrust wildly into her pussy. Even though he held her tits still by pinching her nipples, Julie's tits still bounced with each thrust. The tugging on her nipples only increased her desire to feel the stranger explode in orgasm inside her.

Soon this guy too reached orgasm and flooded Julie's pussy with his cum, just as the other guys before had. Julie felt his whole body clench as he thrust his rigid cock deep into her pussy one last time. She could feel her pussy filling up with cum as he dumped a monster load of cum inside her from his monster cock.

Watching each of these guys fuck his wife and cum in her pussy was almost more than Steve could handle. He would have cum there on the spot. The attention the cute hottie was paying to his cock made him slip even closer to orgasm. But each time he got close she would painfully squeeze his cock until the imminent orgasm subsided. Even though she held him so close to orgasm, Steve could imagine what it would look like to cum all over the cute hottie's face and hair.

Lost deep in the erotic nature of the scene unfolding before him, Steve lost count of how many guys ended up fucking his wife. One at a time each cock was replaced by another. Load after load of cum was pumped on to Julie's pussy until each new cock pushed out other guys cum with each squelching thrust. By the time the last guy was filling Julie's pussy with cum she had been fucked every way that Steve had ever thought of and some others that he hadn't thought even possible. 

By now Julie was in a delirium of pleasure. She would have gladly let anyone fuck her next. As long as she could feel a cock inside her pussy everything was ok with the world. Neither Steve nor Julie had any idea how long these guys had been fucking Julie. It could have been an hour or many. They just couldn't tell. Julie didn't want it to stop and Steve just wanted a chance to fuck his wife and have his turn to cum in her pussy.

The click of the locks on the hand cuffs that had held Steve in place notified him that his freedom had been granted. It was now Steve's turn to fuck his own wife. Steve was eager to plunge his own cock deep into his wife's slipper, cum soaked pussy. But before he could climb onto the bed the cute hottie had grabbed him by the neck. With a strength that he didn't believe she could possess, the cute hottie had pushed Steve's face down to his wife's pussy. Steve immediately knew what was expected of him even before the cute hottie could issue him with his instructions.

"Lick that pussy clean before you are allowed to fuck her." The cute hottie instructed him. Steve had resigned himself to each deprivation throughout the night and found that with each humility he was made to suffer he had felt hornier and hornier. So he had little or no hesitation in complying with his instructions. Straight away Steve got to work liking and sucking at his wife's well used pussy. He could taste the salty mingled juices of his wife's countless lovers combined with Julie's own pussy juice. Julie's moans of pleasure encouraged Steve to lick and suck more, until he had lapped up every last drop of cum from her soaked pussy.

"That's good. Now you can fuck her." The cute hottie commended him. Steve wasted no time in climbing on tip of his wife to fuck her well used pussy. All the while that he had been lapping up the cum from his wife's pussy he had failed to notice what the cute hottie was doing. Unbeknown to him, while he was licking and sucking Julie's pussy the cute hottie had strapped on a big white strap on cock that contrasted beautifully with the shiny black leather of her coarsest. The moment that Steve rammed his cock into Julie's pussy the cute hottie also rammed her strap on cock deep into Steve's arse. All three slid into one another in one fluid motion. So slicked had Steve's arse become from the cute hottie fingering his arse that her big strap on slid effortlessly into his arse. While Julie had been getting fucked by all those strangers the cute hottie had lubed up Steve's arse just for this purpose.

Steve had succumbed to all the other depravations, so he readily complied with this latest indignity and found that he liked it. With each thrust into his wife's pussy the cute hottie also thrust deep into Steve's arse. Steve felt like he was being forced deeper and deeper into Julie's pussy. For Julie it felt like she was being fucked in the pussy by two guys at the same time. 

After just a short time of being fucked by her husband, being fucked by a strap on, Julie came again in a torrent of pent up sexual desire and eroticism. This was more than enough to push Steve over the edge and dump his own load of cum deep into Julie's pussy. As his cock took its turn to flood his wife's pussy with his cum the cute hottie continued to thrust her strap on deep into Steve's arse. Trembling from such a massive orgasm, Steve pulled out of Julie's pussy as soon as the cute hottie allowed his room to move by removing the huge white strap on from his arse. 

"Is this what you had in mind, baby?" Julie asked Steve.

"No, but can we do it again?" Steve answered before Steve and Julie fell asleep cuddling the cute hottie.