 The knock on the door was answered almost immediately. "Come on in," was the only greeting offered with a big smile. The visitors entered and were escorted further in. "So, glad you came. Sit down and get comfortable." 

Within a minute, there was another knock. The visitors were surprised, thinking they were to be the only guests. But their surprise turned to shock when they recognized the other guests. 

Standing and approaching the new arrivals, Kendall asked, "What are they doing here?" as Joseph stepped up behind her. 

"We might ask the same question," Jackie said with Mark right next to her. 

"Please, all of you, come in and get comfortable," Tina patiently said. "My stepbrother will be here in a minute and all will be explained." 

"Why am I getting the feeling that all is not as we thought?" Mark questioned. "Did you sucker them as you did us?" 

"No one was suckered," Tina responded, maintaining her calm. "Everything that happened between us was genuine." 

"Why should I believe that?" 

"Because it's the truth." 

Everyone's attention suddenly shifted to another door in the room that was opened. The person who had spoken was standing there and everyone except Tina was shocked to see that it was Todd, the apartment manager. 

"Everyone, this is my stepbrother," Tina announced. 

"Your stepbrother's name is Harold," Kendall was quick to say. 

"It's actually Harold Todd," he explained. "I prefer to go by Todd." 

"Which he only started doing in high school because it sounded cooler," Tina further enlightened their guests. "But to me, he's always been Harold." 

"Guess I would have done the same," Joseph said. 

"Now, would you all please sit so we can explain," Todd urged. 

Reluctantly, all eying one another, Mark, Jackie, Joseph and Kendall complied. It was an L-shaped sofa. Todd and Tina sat at one end with Mark and Jackie next to them and Joseph and Kendall on the foot of the L. 

"I know Tina has told you our story," Todd began. "And she's told me each of yours. What you don't know is that both of your mothers, Donna and Cheryl, each came to me when you moved in; ironically, at the same exact time. Once I learned that they were your parents; that is, the parents of the only two sets of step-siblings living here, I introduced them. The three of us talked, and out of the discussion came the news that you were dating your step-siblings. Both asked me to keep an eye on all of you to make certain those relationships did not cause trouble for you. The more they talked, it occurred to them that it might be good for the four of you to meet so you would have other birds of a feather. They strategized on how to make that happen. One idea was for all of you to go to dinner together; however, I dissuaded that notion because we've seen something like that happen many times where parents tried to get their kids together only to have it fail miserably. So, I offered to do my best to make it happen. An opportunity arose for me to mention it to Joseph. 

"And then you came up with that dating scheme, which at first glance, was not a bad idea. But your mothers and I didn't foresee you—or at least, two of you—wanting to date for real. And while there was nothing wrong with that, particularly since they suggested you try dating others anyway, the rift it has now caused is not good. So we've invited you here to attempt to fix that." 

The four step-siblings were enthralled by the revelation. Only Mark had the presence of mind to ask, "Why do you think you need to fix this?" 

"Because I promised your mothers I would look after you," Todd repeated. "And because they asked me to." 

"So, our mothers know about all of this?" Kendall surmised aloud. 

"They do. I have kept them apprised of what's been happening," Todd answered honestly. 

"Which means you've spoken to them recently," Jackie guessed. 

"Today, as a matter of fact." 

"What if we don't want this fixed?" Joseph asked. "Then what are you going to do?" 

Todd grinned. "As they say, you can lead a horse to water . . ." 

"Why wouldn't you want to repair relations?" Tina wanted to know. "You were very close with Jackie. Don't you want to be close again?" 

"Yeah, what did I do to you?" Jackie spoke up. 

Hanging his head, Joseph said, "You didn't do anything. But I haven't dated that many girls, and then Kendall came along and she seemed like someone I wanted to be with." 

"What was wrong with dating me?" 

"Nothing. But you know how many problems we've had dating. We were there for each other when we each needed someone and now we've found other partners that we're both better suited to." Joseph looked his stepsister straight in the eye. "You know Mark is better for you." 

"You know he's right," Kendall told Mark. 

"I just thought we had something special," Mark said. 

"I think the bond we have as step-siblings is special. I don't want that to change. Like Joseph said, we were also there for each other—and still are—but it doesn't mean we have to date. That's not the special part of our relationship. Tina and Todd have what we have, but don't date. And it's worked for them a lot longer than it has for us." 

"Did the two of you ever consider dating?" Joseph asked Tina and Todd. 

"Our attraction to one another," Tina explained, "was—is—purely sexual—" 

"Step-siblings with benefits," Joseph filled in with a smirk as everyone else chuckled. 

"Yes. We didn't meddle in each other's personal life; even after our friends started shunning us because they thought we were . . . together. If I could date either of you guys right now, I would, and it wouldn't matter to Harold." 

"Todd," her stepbrother corrected. 

"And after listening to all of your stories," Tina went on, "I believe the attraction all of you had—have—to your step-siblings is also purely sexual, but because you all had relationships with others that was not meaningful, you mistook the attraction you had for your step-siblings as much more than what it was." 

"You seem fairly sure of yourself," Mark pointed out. 

"Oh, did I mention I'm in grad school working on my master's degree in psychology?" Tina asked. 

Kendall, Joseph, Jackie and Mark all looked at each other as though they'd been duped. 

"So, was this just an exercise for you?" Jackie asked. 

Shaking her head vigorously, Tina said, "Quite the contrary. It's personal." 

"How so?" 

Tina explained, "After Todd talked with your mothers and he told me about it and we discussed it, we realized that was what we needed in our lives: another stepsister and stepbrother to have a friendship with who would understand what we've been through and not treat us like we had leprosy. We quickly realized that we had other step-siblings: the four of you." 

Todd picked it up. "However, since I promised your mothers I would get the four of you together, Tina and I decided we should back off and let the four of you interact. Plus, we wanted time to determine, if we could, if the relationships you each had with your step-sibling was as intimate as ours was. But when you had the disagreement, we felt it was time to act. That meant finally making contact, which Tina did with a bit more carnality than either of us planned. But that also answered our question about the depths of your relationships. It also made us want to be your friends all the more." 

Mark squirmed in his seat. "So, now you want us to kiss and make up?" 

"There's more to it than that," Todd said, shaking his head. "You need to resolve your differences first. You need to talk. 

The four visitors were silent for a minute, looking down at their laps. Kendall finally spoke. "Mark, can you honestly say that Jackie is not better for you than me?" 

Slow to respond, he finally said, "Well, she and I do have more in common." 

"And she's as good in bed as I am." 

"Less aggressive, but no less satisfying," Mark admitted. "You each bring a different kind of excitement. I wouldn't want to give up either." 

"As do you and Joseph," Kendall agreed. "And I wouldn't want to give up either of you. And I wouldn't want you to give up on me just because I was dating Joseph. There's no reason we couldn't continue our foursomes." Kendall turned to Todd and Tina. "I don't think we revealed that to you." 

"No, you didn't," Tina confirmed. "But we pretty much had that figured out." 

"What do you say, Jackie?" Joseph asked. 

"Were we really just convenient for each other?" Jackie posed. "Was it really just about the sex?" 

"That's what started it," Joseph said with a shrug. "Maybe what Tina said is correct. Maybe we just thought we wanted to date because we thought it was the next step and because we had no one else." 

Addressing Tina and Todd, Jackie said, "You say you want to fix our relationships, but I think all you've done is make us confused about what we want." 

"In psychology, our job is to get you to confront your true feelings," Tina explained. "That's what you're doing and your confusion is what you really feel versus what you think you want to feel or should feel." 

"So, how do I know which are my true feelings?" 

"You know. 

"So, that's the right thing to do." 

"There is no right or wrong thing to do. It's just your mind and heart telling you what you should do. That's not to say that you can't still be conflicted." 

"I have to ask," Joseph said. "What are your heart and mind telling you to do?" 

Jackie suddenly became embarrassed. "Well, I hate to admit it, but the last few days with Mark have been nice. I mean, not only has the sex been good, but we've been able to talk about issues and discuss subjects that you just weren't interested in. Don't you agree, Mark?" 

Reluctantly, Mark nodded. 

"That wasn't so hard was it?" Tina asked, patting his thigh, but not removing her hand. "The other realization you all need to come to is that this does not have to be a permanent decision. It's just something to try." 

"Mark, you'll see in time that this is going to work out better," Kendall said reassuringly. "But the best part is that we can still do it whenever we want to." 

"That goes for us, too, Jackie," Joseph said. 

"I guess it will be something of a unique arrangement, won't it?" Mark said. 

"That we know of," Tina clarified. "Lifestyles are constantly evolving." 

"I guess my biggest hesitancy," Mark admitted, suddenly talkative, "is the possibility that it won't last with Jackie, but it will with Kendall and Joseph and then I would be all alone." 

"I'll always be there for you, stepbrother," Kendall said, genuinely meaning it. "And in Joseph we have someone who understands the situation." 

"You also have to remember, Mark—all of you," Tina said. "Any relationship requires work. Never take your partner for granted. And in a situation like this, that means you each have two others to consider, your partner and your step-sibling. And the next time any one of you comes up with an idea—any idea—no matter how off the wall it might seem, the rest of you because you are being considerate of one another have to do the courtesy of listening to the idea. And whomever comes up with such an idea should respect the opinions of the others. Does anyone want to say anything?" 

"I apologize to Kendall and Joseph for not being willing to listen to them," Mark offered. 

"I do also," Jackie agreed. 

"And I apologize for storming out," Joseph said. 

"As do I," Kendall chimed in. 

"This is wonderful," Tina said excitedly. 

Todd stood and went into the kitchen quickly returning with a tray of appetizers. "A little something to pick on." He set the tray down on the coffee table and then returned to the kitchen for non-alcoholic drinks. 

As the others reached for a glass, Tina lifted hers in a toast. "To new friends." 

They all held up their glasses and sang a chorus of "To new friends." 

"To step-siblings!" Todd followed-up. 

Again, the others repeated the toast in unison. 

"So, you guys have been here for how long?" Joseph asked. 

"We're in our sixth year," Todd answered. "This will be my third as apartment manager." 

"And in all of that time, there has never been another set of step-siblings?" 

"There actually were some. But none that lived together and certainly none that had the kind of relationship we all have." 

"You mean a sexual relationship," Kendall clarified. 

"That is the biggest thing that sets us apart," Todd confirmed. 

"So, you want to be able to be with people who know the two of you are having sex?" This from Jackie. 

"Not as though we have a secret that we're just dying to tell someone," Tina expounded. "But if I wanted to do this—" she turned to her stepbrother and gave him a wet, sloppy kiss that lasted for several seconds "—it's nice to be with people who wouldn't gasp in horror." 

The others all chuckled. 

"In fact, that was so good, I think I'll do it again," Tina said. She and Todd kissed again, this time with much more passion and touching; she rubbed her hand on his thigh while he pawed her breast. As the kiss progressed, Todd eased the strap of his stepsister's low-cut top off of her shoulder and down until her breast was exposed. He rubbed the nipple, causing Tina to giggle. 

The mischievous Joseph reached all the way over. "And likewise, you wouldn't gasp if I were to reach out and do this." He used his forefinger to rub the tip of Tina's nipple after Todd's hand moved out of the way. 

Todd pulled back and said with a grin, "Not only would I not gasp, I would welcome it." 

Again, everyone laughed. 

"Have the two of you ever done a threesome or—" 

"A foursome?" Tina finished for him. "Like the four of you have done?" 

"You said you'd figured that out," Joseph said, sitting back down. "How?" 

"Wasn't hard," Tina pointed out. "And Kendall just confirmed it. Aside from the threesome I did with you and Kendall and one with Jackie and Mark, that's my only experience with multiple partners." 

"I did a threesome once with a couple of girls in high school before Tina and I started," Todd revealed. "But I like the concept." 

"How about a sixsome?" Kendall asked, laughing. 

"We were kind of hoping tonight would evolve into that," Tina said. 

Wanting in on the action, Jackie reached over and cupped Tina's exposed breast while Todd pulled her top down to release her other tit. Jackie switched places with Mark, putting her right next to Tina. She turned toward the other girl and fondled Tina's nearest breast, and as Todd bent to suck the tit he had just exposed, Jackie did the same on the other. Mark turned slightly to mold himself behind Jackie. He rubbed her thigh pulling her short skirt nearly up to her ass. 

From the opposite end, Joseph and Kendall watched intently, she draping her legs over his nearest spread thigh, her own skirt rising nearly to her butt. This couple kissed and Joseph's hand was all over her tits. But not for long. He reached his other arm around her waist and spread her legs so he could play with what was between them. 

While Mark started planting kisses on Jackie's shoulder, Tina's hand found her stepbrother's hard cock bulging in his pants. 

With one hand now between her legs, Joseph was pulling Kendall's top down with his other. 

On the same wavelength, Todd and Jackie let their hands drop to Tina's skirt, pulling it up. They rubbed her thighs, and each took a turn fingering her pussy through her moistened panties. Jackie slid partly off of the sofa causing her skirt to rise to her waist revealing her bikini panties. 

With her top down, Joseph now worked on Kendall's bra. He easily unclasped it and pulled it off. Mark happened to turn to see what they were doing, and when he saw his stepsister's bra coming off to display her magnificent breasts, he reached out and took the garment. He wasn't certain what possessed him to sniff it, but he did before discarding it. Kendall was in heaven with all the erotic activity going on around her and Joseph's lips pressed to hers, his hand in her panties playing with her pussy, her breasts unencumbered; she moaned her satisfaction. 

Jackie dropped all the way on the floor and spread Tina's legs apart. Mark slid closer to Tina, taking her nearest leg and laying on his thigh. Jackie pulled one leg hole of Tina's panties aside, baring the girl's juicy pussy. With tongue sticking out, Jackie bent to make contact. 

Tina moaned her pleasure over having her pussy eaten by another girl. Her hand still on Todd's hard cock, she fumbled with his zipper to extract it. He finally assisted, and then knelt on the sofa so she could take it in her mouth. 

Mark was excited by what he was seeing, although his participation so far was minimal. 

At the other end, Joseph and Kendall stopped to survey the other action. Seeing his stepsister squatting in front of Tina, Jackie's ass all but exposed because of her position and her brief panties, he reach out and rubbed her rear. 

Todd also attempted to watch what the others were doing, but with his stepsister's expert mouth on his cock, he could do little more than moan. Still, what he did see made him feel as though he was harder than he had ever been. As with every new sexual trick Tina had come up with over the years, he had been skeptical of this evening evolving into open sex and the possibility he would be having sex with the other girls. But now that it was headed in that direction, he was more excited than he had ever been. 

Seeing that her stepbrother was more a spectator than participant, Kendall reached over to undo his belt. Feeling a hand on his crotch he turned. They smiled at each other and he was instantly glad that there was no more animosity between them. She signaled him stand. She slid off Joseph's lap and fumbled with his pants. Joseph then stood on her other side. Both men faced each other with Kendall squatting between them. With their pants undone, Kendall tugged both down to their knees. She then took a glorious cock in each hand and took turns sucking them. They were the same, yet, oh, so different. 

With Tina now concentrating on sucking her stepbrother, Jackie sat back up on the sofa and removed her skirt. Seeing what her friend Kendall was doing, she decided she wanted in on that action, so she slid closer to Mark and reached for his cock. Kendall easily relinquished her grasp on her stepbrother's cock, and instead used her free arm and hand to stroke Jackie's thigh. 

Tina's pussy had looked quite tasty while Todd was watching Jackie licking it. He decided he now wanted to partake. Dropping to his knees on the floor, he first pulled off his stepsister's skirt and panties, rendering her nude from the waist down. He then dove in, relishing the unique flavors of woman. He wished he could stick his tongue further in. 

While being sucked by the girls, Mark and Joseph removed their shirts. After a few minutes, Joseph found it awkward to have his pants—they had dropped—around his ankles. He gently turned Kendall's head toward her stepbrother, and he sat down on the sofa to remove his trousers completely. 

Mark was now in heaven as he had his stepsister sucking his cock as only she could and his girlfriend—he was actually beginning to enjoy the sound of that as it applied to Jackie—licking and mouthing his balls. 

With Joseph now completely naked, Kendall returned her attention to his cock. Mark dropped onto the sofa to complete the task Joseph had just done. Jackie eased over beside him, knelt on the sofa and re-engaged his cock in her mouth. 

Tina turned on her side, and with a couple of tugs on Todd, he laid behind her. She grabbed his dick and guided it into her pussy from behind. She was thrilled not only to being fucked, but also that her plans for the evening were coming to fruition. 
