 "Steve." Sindy whispered as they lay in bed. It was a beautiful Saturday morning, and he could see the clear blue sky through the window. What did she want now. All he wanted to do was enjoy the morning.

"Steve" she said slightly louder this time.

"What" he muttered back to his girlfriend.

"I was wondering if you could do something special for me tonight." she asked.

What was it now? He thought. Sindy was what you might call....adventurous when it came to sex. Whenever she asked for something special he usually wasn't into it, but she had done things that he wanted to do, so it was his turn to do something for her.

"What is it?" Steve asked.

"Well you know how I've always had this fantasy of seeing two men make love.....I was wondering if you could do me a favor tonight."

Oh great she probably wants to have some men over to fuck each other while I eat her cunt. Steve thought to himself. Sindy had let him fulfill some of his fantasies, like fucking her in the ass and bringing another woman into their bed. But he had returned the favors as well. A few months ago she had another man over and they double teamed her. If felt good and she enjoyed it but he felt a little strange sharing her with another man.

"Steve you know how I have a fantasy about two men making love." she said again

"Yeah" he muttered unhappily.

"Well I was wondering if we could have this guy I know over and make it come true." 

"Just one guy?" he said a little shocked. "Who is he going to do it with?"

"Well uh.....you see.....I was wondering if.....if you would fuck him." she said softly.

Steve laid there stunned. He had never been with another man and didn't really want to start now.

"No way!" he announced.

"Oh please Steve. If you do this I'll do anything for you. I promise. Anything!" she pleaded.

Steve thought to himself. He could have her do anything if he did this for her. That could come in handy some time. He had always wanted to fuck her in the ass in the front yard, or make love to several women at the same time, or he could even make her do a couple of things. It would be worth it for just a few minutes of sex with another man.

"Ok" he said, "but now you owe me big time. And were doing anything I want. Your going to have to fulfill a few of my fantasies after this."

"Thank you so much Steve." she said kissing him. "I'll make it worth your while. Who knows you might even like it!" she said with a giggle.

That night came quickly. Steve sat on the couch a little nervous about what was about to take place. The doorbell rang and Sindy got up to answer it. Steve had a virgin ass and had never been fucked or fucked another man. He heard Sindy talking with a man at the door, and then he heard the door close and Sindy walked back in. Soon after her, in walked a handsome young man. He was tall with sandy colored hair and a muscular body. 

"This is Paul." Sindy exclaimed happily. "He's a bi-sexual friend from work." 

Paul walked over confidently, and Steve wondered how a man so confident and good looking could be Bi. Sindy introduced the two men, and the three sat on the couch. Sindy had always had a fantasy of watching two men make love, and tonight if she played her cards right she would finally get to see it. Everyone had prepared for tonight. They had all cleaned their asses and washed themselves. Sindy had a tube of lube on the coffee table ready for the right moment. She knew that she would have to take it in the ass tonight if she expected Steve to do the same. Steve loved giving her anal sex and he wouldn't take it in the ass tonight unless she did as well. 

"Well why don't we start to heat things up?" Sindy said.

She leaned over and kissed Steve passionately on his lips, letting their tongues flirt in each others mouths. 

"Now why don't you two try?" Sindy asked.

Paul leaned over and pressed his lips on Steve's, their tongues touched for only a second before Steve pulled away.

"Aww now that's not enough" said Sindy disappointedly.

She kissed Steve again and knelt down in front of him. She pulled his pants down and then took off his shirt. She could see a lump in his underwear so she knew he wasn't completely turned off. Sindy stripped him naked letting his hardening cock rest against his stomach. She took his cock into her mouth running her tongue over the velvety head. It quickly expanded in her mouth, as she bobbed her head up and down on the smooth shaft. Paul then knelt behind Sindy and pulled her top off and then her skirt, leaving her in her bra and panties. He ran his hands over her round butt and over the soft fabric of her thong panties. While she sucked Steve, Paul kissed her neck and back as he caressed her with his smooth hands. Sindy then took her lips off of Steve's meat exposing the seven inch cock in full hardness. 

"You want a taste Paul?" Sindy asked.

"Sure" he responded, "I never turn down hard cock."

Steve was nervous as Paul took him into his hungry mouth. He sucked it very well and before long Steve was completely relaxed with the man sucking his pole. Sindy was pleased with the action taking place and began to remove Paul's clothing. When she had him naked she slid under him and put his cock in her mouth. She fondled his large testicles and ran a finger down his smooth shaven ass crack. Paul took his lips reluctantly off of Steve's hard cock letting him get up and kneel down over his girlfriend. He removed her bra taking her small firm breast into his mouth while she sucked another man's cock. As he sucked, the nipple hardened in his mouth and he removed his lips and did the same to the other breast. He then moved down licking her body as he went until he got to her panty covered cunt. Kissing her as he went he slid the panties down and off and buried his face in her hot wet pussy. After a few minutes she let the cock slide out of her mouth and sat up.

She then said to Steve, "Now I want to see you suck Paul's cock." Paul sat on the couch stroking his eight inch pole glistening with Sindy's saliva. Steve some what reluctantly knelt in front of Paul and lowered his lips to the head of the throbbing organ. Paul placed a hand on Steve's head guiding his mouth onto the hard cock. Steve's lips parted and he took it in his mouth. Once he began sucking, he felt so natural doing it like he had wanted to do it all his life. It was so nice and smooth, and felt really good in his mouth. He ran his tongue over the head flicking the tip in the small hole at the top. He ran his tongue up and down the shaft taking time to suck each of the testicles.

"Wow you turned into a pro!" Sindy snickered, "bet you cant wait to take it in the ass."

And he couldn't he thought to himself. This was so much better than he thought. Steve engulfed the big dick in his eager mouth, taking time to suck the swollen head. Sindy leaned over and kissed Paul as she stroked her own cunt. Their tongues met and they kissed passionately as Steve sucked Paul's firm dick. Paul pulled Steve's head into his cock, forcing the throbbing dick further down his throat. Sindy and Paul's lips parted and Sindy got up and knelt down on the floor on all fours. 

"Steve stop sucking that big cock and come lick my asshole." Sindy instructed.

Steve took his lips off of Paul's hard shaft and knelt behind his girlfriend. He lowered his head and touched his tongue to the soft puckered asshole. He ran his tongue all over the hole, kissing and licking the tiny opening. Paul handed him the tube of lube, and he squirted a small amount over her orifice. Steve then worked two fingers into the warm opening, burying them up to the knuckle. He worked the fingers, slowly spreading her sweet ass.

"Oh Steve I want to sit on your hard cock!" Sindy moaned.

Steve laid on his back his stiff cock protruding into the air. Sindy positioned herself over it, her back to Steve, and used her hand to guide the pulsating shaft to her slick asshole. She sat down on the cock letting the head ease into her waiting ass, working her body back and forth on the big pole. She let it slide further and further into her anus, until it was buried in her ass.

"Oh Steve it feels soo good!" she cried.

Steve pounded her ass, slamming his cock into the tight opening. She rocked back and forth enjoying the penetration.

"Hey Paul why don't you come fuck my cunt while Steve reams my ass!" Sindy urged.

Paul walked over and laid down on top of Sindy positioning his cock at her dripping cunt. He worked it into the tight slit, driving his hard pole into the damp cunt. They were now both fucking her at once, Steve in her ass and Paul in her pussy. Their tightening testicles rubbed each others as they worked their cocks in and out of the cramped openings.

"Oh God yes it feels so good to be stuffed by two hard cocks!" Sindy cried.

They continued fucking, pushing down on her hips as they filled her openings with pulsating cocks. Both were close to cumming when Sindy stopped the two men.

"I want you two to cum in me soooo bad but I want to see you two fuck each other even more." she whimpered.

Steve and Paul slowed their strokes, and then pulled out of her ravaged orifices. 

"Oh that was good! But I want to see you two make love now." Sindy said lustfully

"I'm not so sure." Steve said worriedly, "Sucking cock and double teaming you is one thing, but fucking another man or being fucked by another man is different."

"Oh come on Steve. Just cuz you fuck one guy doesn't mean your gay." she pleaded. "Do it for me. Please. You said you would. I promise Paul will be gentle."

"Fine. But if I say stop then were stopping!" Steve responded firmly.

"Ok....but I promise your going to enjoy it." she said with a grin.

Paul bent over the couch, ready for Steve to come over so that the action could get started. Steve had never fucked a man in the ass. They had just double teamed his girlfriend but fucking a man's ass was different.

"Go on lick his ass." Sindy begged.

This was it Steve thought to himself. He had sucked Paul's cock but once he started licking that ass there was going to be no going back. Paul was laying over the couch, his tight little ass just waiting to be touched. Steve went over and put a hand on each cheek caressing the soft skin. It was time. He used his hands to spread the ass open and inserted his tongue into the crack of the man's ass. The puckered asshole was soft and tight, and as he probed his tongue into the little hole he couldn't help but notice how nice it felt. He ran his tongue along the rim of the hole and up and down the smooth hairless crack. He flicked his tongue over the orifice and began to touch it with his finger. Sindy handed him the lube and he applied a generous glob to the man's anus.

"This is sooo hot!" Sindy enunciated. "Go on Steve finger his ass!"

Steve placed his finger at the opening and pushed it into the tight warm hole. His finger slid in easily, and before long he had a second finger in the asshole. He worked his fingers in the hole twisting them and spreading the opening. Sindy was on the couch rubbing her pussy feverishly while watching the show. Paul's ass was spread and covered in lube. It was good and ready for a hard fucking now.

"Steve please fuck my ass!" Paul begged.

"Go on." Sindy pushed. This is what were here for.

There was no turning back now. Paul moved to the floor got on all fours positioning his ass for insertion. Steve had to admit he wanted to do it real bad. He stared down at the lube slicked hole trying to get the courage to go on.

"Come on Steve fuck his tight little ass!" Sindy urged.

Steve grabbed the lube and squirted a glob onto his swollen cockhead. He positioned his dick at the entrance of Paul's ass and began to slowly push it in.

"Oh God yes!" Paul moaned. "Put it in my ass!"

Steve's cock was so hard he couldn't believe how turned on he was. He slowly pressed his cock into the cramped hole. He pushed hard getting the head of is cock past the threshold of Paul's ass. Paul was moaning softly, hypnotized by the pressure in his anus. 

"Aaaaa!" Paul cried. "Put it in further! Don't stop!"

Steve worked the cock in an inch at a time until he had it buried to the hilt in the incredibly hot ass. He worked it in and out like he had done to Sindy so many times before, pulling it almost out and then thrusting it all the way back in. Paul had a great asshole too. It was tight as hell and warm and smooth. Steve grabbed Paul's hips forcing his manhood into this snug cavity.

"Oh yes your dick feels sooo nice!" Paul cried. "Fuck me harder!"

Steve was loving every second of this steamy action. He had never fucked anyone so hard in his life. Sindy couldn't be happier, she finally was having her fantasy fulfilled. As Steve slammed his cock up Paul's ass in intense passion, she watched with lust, rubbing her blazing hot cunt eagerly, admiring every hard thrust. 

"Oh wow this is better than I ever thought it would be!" she pronounced. "Steve how does it feel to have your cock stuffed in another man's tight asshole!"

"It feels soooo good I've never fucked anything this tight before!"

"His dick feels incredible in my asshole. Its stretching me wide open!" Paul moaned.

"Now I want to see you two fuck face to face." Sindy announced.

Steve not wanting to stop slowed his thrusts, and eased his aching cock out of Paul's gaping asshole. Paul laid on his back on the floor and put his legs in the air, spreading his butt with his hands. Steve and Sindy stared at the sight. Paul's rock hard cock rested on his stomach as he spread his cavernous ass. The opening was reamed out, and the hole glistened with lube. 

"Now that's a sight" Sindy remarked.

Steve knelt before Paul and took Paul's stiff cock in his lustful mouth. He sucked the head and ran the tip of his tongue over the swollen head. In truth he couldn't wait to have that impressive cock pound his tight virgin asshole. 

"Hurry up and fuck Paul!" Sindy pressured. "You can suck his dick some other time."

Steve took his lips off the stiff meat, and positioned his cockhead against Paul's wide open hole. He worked the cock slowly into the tight crack once again, pushing it further and further in. Steve again had his firm rod buried in Paul's ass. This time they were face to face, and against all his instinct, he bent down and laid his lips on Paul's. Their tongues flirted as Steve continued to submerge his shaft in Paul's ass. 

"Oh Steve that is soooo hot!" Sindy murmured. "Your cock is so deep in Paul's ass, and you two are making out like teenagers!"

Steve was loving it. Paul's ass had swallowed every inch of his shaft, and the way Paul kissed him back it was like nothing he had ever experienced. Steve was overwhelmed by the intensity. Paul's erect cock was pressed hard against his stomach while his girlfriend watched him in complete awe, as he made love to another man.

"Oh God I'm going to cum!" Steve cried.

He pulled out of Paul's ass and blew a immense load all over Paul's stomach and hard cock. Wave after wave of cum shot out of the erect pulsating head. Paul was covered in Steve's glossy cream. It was all over his cock and balls and there were small pools of it covering his stomach and chest.

"Oh that was amazing!" Steve declared.

"It was great for me too!" Paul responded. "You stretched me wide open!"

Sindy got off the couch and knelt down before Steve's slowly shrinking cock. She wrapped her lips around the shaft and licked the cum off that oozed out. Then she looked at Paul. He was a sight. His anus was gaping and his cock and torso were covered in Steve's hot sperm.

"Well I guess we should clean Paul up." Sindy said with a smirk.

Sindy knelt over Paul and took his cum slickened cock in her mouth. She licked the shaft cleaning off the warm cream. Steve knelt beside Paul, and half in a daze from the way Paul had made him cum. He bent over and licked his own cum off of Paul's body. He was surprised how sweet it was. Steve slurped up the cum, savoring the cream in his mouth, while Sindy ran her tongue over Paul's cock. By the time they had lapped up all the cream off of Paul's muscular body Steve felt his cock firming up again.

"Now its your turn to get fucked." Sindy said with a smile.

Steve couldn't believe how excited he was, and it was obvious by how quickly his cock had hardened. He wanted so badly for Paul to pound his tight virgin ass with that big plump dick of his. 

"Bend over" Paul said to Steve, "Your going to enjoy this."

Sindy took her place back on the couch, stroking her clit ready, to watch the show. Steve bent over spreading his tight little hole for Paul. Paul lowered his face to Steve's ass, and licked the soft smooth crack, and ran his hands over the soft cheeks. Paul licked Steve's tight testicles from behind and stroked Steve's hard cock with his hand. Sindy watched with lust, and before long Paul had his tongue buried in Steve's ass, flicking it over the puckered little hole. He then took the lube and put a generous glob on Steve's asshole and inserted two fingers into the tight virgin ass. Steve moaned with pleasure, he couldn't believe how into this he was. Paul slid his fingers in and out of the glistening cavity, occasionally inserting his tongue for a taste. 

Before long Steve's ass was ready to be fucked. Paul lubed up his own cock and placed the head at Steve's waiting hole. Sindy was loving the whole show, and she was rubbing her cunt like a slut, waiting for her boyfriend to get reamed. Paul slowly inserted his golf ball sized head into Steve's little virgin ass. Steve was moaning and savoring every second of this experience. Paul worked it further in, back and forth very slowly until it was almost 3 inches in Steve's ass.

"Hey Steve" Sindy whispered, "Do you want Paul to stop?"

"Oh God no Paul! Please don't take it out of my ass!" Steve replied.

"Don't worry I won't" Paul replied, "You couldn't get me to stop fucking this tight ass for the world!"

Paul continued sliding his cock further and further in, until his balls were pressed against Steve's firm butt.

"Oh my God it's so deep!" Steve cried.

Paul pressed hard against Steve's ass working the shaft in all the way, then pulling it almost out, and then slamming it right back in. Steve was in heaven his own cock was rock hard. He had never felt so hot. 

"Why don't you two try a new position now?" Sindy asked.

Paul pulled out of Steve's ass with a sucking pop sound, and laid on his back, his rock hard shaft protruding into the air. Steve positioned his ass over the pulsating rod with his back to Paul. Then slowly he lowered his tight little crack over the bulbous head of Paul's cock. They slowly worked the cock back into his excited ass, until he was sitting on the shaft with their testicles rubbing against each others. 

"That looks so hot!" Sindy announced while rubbing her own cunt.

"It feels incredible too!" Steve uttered back.

"And how about you Paul? Is my boyfriends ass tight enough for you?" Sindy asked.

"Oh yeah its great! I've never fucked such a tight hot little ass!"

Paul put his hands on Steve's hips and forced him up and down on his throbbing pole. They were both loving it and Sindy couldn't have been happier. She was watching her boyfriend getting reamed in the ass by a big dick. Steve was bouncing up and down and grinding his ass into the swollen dick. 

"Oh God fuck my tight ass!" Steve implored.

Sindy wanted to be part of this sweltering hot scene, so she knelt down in front of Steve and sucked his cock while Paul fucked him in the asshole. She had never felt his cock so swollen and excited in her mouth before. Paul buried his cock deeper into Steve's ass, the tight sphincter milking his shaft.

"I'm going to cum! Fuck my tight ass with your big stud cock!" pleaded Steve.
