 Chapter 1: The Anticipation

It was supposed to be a three day training session in the Northwest. Three weeks later Steve was finally on his way home to his beloved Greta. Sitting alone in his row on the plane his whole body was tense with anticipation. The promises of their last phone conversation. The surprises Greta would undoubtedly have in store. His erection had not diminished since he woke up 5 hours earlier in the hotel room. The duration and intensity of his arousal was bordering on both the ridiculous and the painful. The expectation of what was to come the moment he and Greta made it through the front door, maybe even before the door, the knowledge of the oncoming bliss from being totally immersed inside her kept the erection more like Christmas Eve than a trip to the dentist.

He couldn't wait. He'd already masturbated earlier in the day, breaking their self imposed "No self-gratification within three days of his return" Rule. He couldn't help himself. Waking up that morning from a dream filled with vague images of her, her body, her smell, her taste, he was harder than he could remember. Half awake he reached down and grabbed hold of himself.

He saw himself lying on their bed in his boxer briefs and a wife beater. He was waiting for her to come out from the bathroom with her newest surprise. Hard with excitement and anticipatory arousal he was surprisingly patient.

"Close your eyes," she commanded from behind the door. He obeyed and heard the door open. He felt her climb onto the bed and settle next to him.

Then her hot breath was in his ear in a sexy whisper that melted his heart and further stiffened his dick, "Open them, sweetheart." He did as he was told and was knocked breathless by the sight of her in a sheer white thong and clingy tanktop to match. 


His dick was ten times harder and his hand worked faster from base to head, remembering just how sexy she looked at that moment.

"Do you like it?" The whisper continued, accompanied by a quick nibble and a lick of the earlobe.

Looking his love up and down Steve mumbled a bit, trying to maintain some sense of composure before just fucking her brains out, "You're the sexiest woman in the world." Her blue eyes sparkled, her blonder hair shined, her smooth legs invited and her beautiful pink nipples perched on her perfect creamy breasts strained against the fabric of the lingerie. He wanted more than anything to be inside her right then and he grabbed her and pulled her on top of him. He reached for her neck and pulled her face to his. While they kissed, their tongues exploring the warm wetness of their mouths she began to grind herself against him. Both Steve and Greta loved kissing each other, it was a constant in all their sex. No matter the position they found a way to have their mouths meet.

Lying on the hotel bed, remembering that night three weeks ago, had Steve fired up and jerking off like a high school horndog. He continued to work his cock with his right hand while the left stroked his balls.

She was pulling his boxers off, letting his dick spring out. Free from constraint it was that satisfying hardness that she loved as proof of a job well done. Proof that she was indeed the sexiest woman in the world. She straddled him again and reached down to jerk him off as she continued to grind against him. This combination of touches, her panty covered pussy, her hand at that high angle, drove Steve absolutely crazy. He reached up to pinch her nipples and play with her breasts. He pulled them out from her top, but didn't take it off, she looked too damn sexy. As he massaged her breasts she reached her other hand behind her and he felt her nails gently make contact with his balls. 

God he needed to get back to her and get inside her, ASAP, Steve thought as his masturbation brought him to the edge of orgasm.

Now he had pushed he panties to the side and all too easily he was sliding inside of her and they were fucking. She began to rock back and forth on him, working her pelvis in an oval pattern, his dick going in as far as it could, and then back out until at the very last minute she's tighten the muscles of her pussy and hold him in for another thrust.

He knew he wasn't going to last much longer, although three weeks ago they had lasted for hours. The sense memory, the image burned in his mind's eye was too much and before he knew it he was coming inside her and inside his hand. And just like an inexperienced teenage horndog he had come all too quickly. He wanted to keep the memory going, getting to the handcuffs, but he realized as he woke up more that in just a few hours they would be making new memories. Without even the slightest drop in his hardness Steve showered, dressed, and headed to the airport.

* * * * *

Greta was getting impatient waiting for Steve's plane to arrive. She sat in the not completely uncomfortable airport chair squirming slightly. She wasn't really worried about the wetness she was positive would mark the seat when she stood up. Her anticipation of Steve's return had been increasing by the minute in tandem with her arousal. Greta really liked all aspects of sex. Talking about sex. Asking about sex. Reading about sex. Watching sex. Learning about sex. Above all, having sex, and above even that, having sex with Steve. She had come to their relationship with more experience than he had and sometimes he was insecure about it. Greta knew the insecurity wouldn't just disappear if she said the magic words, but she also knew, and never hesitated to say, that the sex they had was far and away the best sex she ever had. 

She believed their amazing sex life was dependent on two crucial factors. Number one was a beautiful, passionate, healthy, intense and pure love that she had never felt before. That love made even the craziest fuck-fest a love-fest at the same time. She loved him like no other, and he did the same. Number two was the simple, undeniable fact that his cock had been made for one purpose, to fit inside of her pussy. Like the most precise, custom molded machinery their parts were built for each other. She'd had longer, she'd had thicker, she knew she could never have one that fit better, that made her feel some unbelievable inside of her, thrusting and driving and pounding and fucking. Greta figured she liked cock more than most women, but before Steve she basically thought of a cock as an imperfect tool for her pleasure. Truth be told she was almost as in love with Steve's cock as she was with Steve the man. 

It was that cock and the man it belonged to that took hold of her when she woke up in the morning. She knew the "No masturbation" Rule was her idea, so Greta figured she could break it if she wanted. And she did. She couldn't wait for his return and her hand slid down her body to her already wet pussy. She located her clit with the middle finger of her right hand and she let out a small shudder of delight. 

Her eyes closed and she and Steve were at a party. He was sitting on a couch watching her dance. She was dancing with another woman. A faceless, nameless woman who was getting very sexual with her dancing. Greta responded with her own dancing, and soon the two women were grinding against each other on the dance floor, their hands exploring each other's bodies. Steve sat and watched, sipping his drink. Great noticed the raging hard on pointing up in his pants and she maneuvered over to him on the couch, bringing her new friend with her. She leaned over him as the other woman stood behind her and massaged her breasts through her halter top. 

"Does this turn you on, Steve?" She whispered in his ear and flicked her tongue out.

"Ye-ye-yes," Steve muttered as he grabbed her gyrating hips and pulled her down on top of his lap. She continued to grind her hips to the music and the woman continued to grope her breasts. She kissed him passionately and then quickly pivoted on his lap. Back to Steve, Greta reached up and kissed the other woman. Steve's hands moved from her hips up to her breasts and he replaced the other woman's hands in massaging his love's breasts. 

Greta began to increase her speed and intensity. Using two fingers now on her clit she was sending shudders through her whole body.

The other woman was pulling Greta off Steve's lap and he let her. They were standing again, and kissing each other. Steve reached up under Greta's skirt and pulled her panties down over her boots, and off her. He slid his hands back up her legs and she was shuddering as he took two fingers and put them inside her pussy, beginning to finger fuck her. She was loving in. Moaning into the mouth of the nameless stranger who seemed incredibly turned on by this threesome. As Steve continued to thrust with his fingers he was taking his pants off and getting his cock out. Faster and faster the fingers went into Greta and soon she was coming onto Steve's hand and shaking through her body.

The other woman looked over Greta's shoulder as she came and saw Steve's rock hard cock waiting and she guided Greta back to a seating position. Steve rose to meet Greta's pussy as it came in contact with his dick, and then he was inside her. She rocked her hips back and took him all the way in to her wet pussy. While Steve fucked Greta from behind the other woman knelt down on the floor in front of the couple and moved her tongue towards Greta's waiting clit. Flicking her tongue over Greta's clit as Steve continue to fuck her was giving Greta a combination of feelings she had never experienced. 

Alternating between her clit and inserting fingers into her pussy Greta had begun to massage her breasts and nipples with her free hand. She wanted this fantasy to last as long as possible.

She realized that as she was being fucked and licked a second cock has come into her sight line. Hard and ready Greta realizes this cock needs to be sucked. She is more than willing to oblige. Reaching out with her hand she grabbed hold of this anonymous cock and guided it towards her open mouth. Steve continued to fill her completely, while the wet and gentle female tongue made love to her clit, Greta was sucking on the anonymous cock like it was the only thing she could focus on. Using one hand to stroke the woman's hair and the other to jerk off the dick she was sucking Greta was feeling sensations throughout her body she didn't know existed.

The stimulation of her fingers on her clit in reality coupled with the imagined joy of those two cocks and the tongue brought her to the brink of climax just as all her dream friends were reaching their own orgasms.

The dick in her mouth came first, hitting the back of her throat with the familiar taste that she greedily swallowed, wanting more. As the mystery cock faded out of the picture the tongue on her clit and Steve's dick inside her seemed hellbent on making her come two ways at the same time. Establishing a rhythm of fucking and lucking Steve was fucking hard and fast while the tongue never seemed to break contact with Greta's clit.

Her fingers worked faster and faster as she began to feel her orgasm starting all through her body.

She felt Steve's orgasm fill her pussy as she had some many times before. She felt the tongue flick once more and push her over the brink to ecstasy. 

She was orgasming in both her dream and her reality. Sliding two fingers from her other hand into her wet pussy she felt her whole body tensing and relaxing 1000 times a second. The tongue disappeared from her vision, leaving only Steve's cock, still hard inside her, and the anticipation of a few hours wait. Greta took a short nap, showered, dressed, and went to work for an unproductive half day. Then it was off to the airport a half hour early to wait for Steve to arrive.

Her wetness had not abated all day, nor had her nipples been anything but rockhard. His plane had better land soon or she was going to be forced to find someplace to masturbate again.

To be continued...