 "Stacy, are you sure you don't mind going to this Christmas party?" Steve asked. "Jake's still pretty much a party animal and his crowd can get kind of wild. Last year the cops came several times, there were people doing drugs, and I'm pretty sure there was an orgy going on in one of the back bedrooms."

I laughed. "Sounds like fun to me. Besides, if we don't like it, we can leave, right?"

"Sure," he said. "I'll pick you up at 8:00, and I'll be in the car."

"The car" is Steve's meticulously maintained Porsche Carrera.

"Well, if you must," I sighed. "But I sure will miss snuggling up to you on the back of the motorcycle. But it's probably for the best. I'm wearing a very short skirt and very high heels."

"Can't wait. See you in a couple of hours."

I hung up the phone and began to get ready for our date. Steve and I had developed a very comfortable relationship since that night at his auto shop last spring. We were taking it slow, seeing each other only a couple of times a week. Steve was a tender and considerate lover, always making sure my needs were completely satisfied before attending to his own. He often surprised me with flowers for no reason and even a few times with a new sex toy.

I took my time, soaking in a hot tub, scrubbing, shaving, smoothing and perfuming every inch of skin. I applied extra shadow to my blue eyes and even sprinkled some body glitter on my shoulders. I put my long blonde hair on top of my head, with a few loose curls spilling down. Going to the closet, I pulled out my new dress.

"This oughta knock Steve's socks off," I thought. It was screaming red with tiny straps that criss-crossed in the back and a plunging halter neckline which accentuated my full, round breasts. The back dipped low, exposing the dimples above my ass. The neckline and waist were trimmed with sequins and the multilayer skirt was short and flirty. The matching shoes were nothing more than a spike heel and a few bits of red ribbon.

The doorbell rang precisely at 8:00. Steve's jaw dropped gratifyingly when he saw me. "My god, you look incredible. Is that dress legal?"

"Sure," I said. "Even good girls have to take a walk on the wild side every now and then."

He escorted me to the car and we drove the short distance to his assistant manager's house. The place was lit up like...well, Christmas...and there were cars parked at the curb all up and down the street.

We knocked on the front door and Jake let us in. "Hey boss man. Hey boss's lady. Looking fine tonight. Come on in and have a drink."

"Why does he remind me of a 70's sitcom character?" I laughed.

We entered the crowded living room and Jake got us a drink, chatted for a few minutes, then drifted off toward a group of barely-legal looking girls giggling in the corner. I looked around and saw a few people I recognized from the auto shop, including Jorge. Jorge and I had a very memorable encounter in the shop one night when my car needed a new set of tires. We'd seen each other a few times since then, keeping a casual distance between each other. I knew it would be dangerous to hook up with him again but thoughts of our time together fueled my fantasies every now and then.

He sauntered over, leading a woman by the hand. "Steve," he said briefly, then looking at me, "gringa."

I rolled my eyes. "Who's your friend?"

"This is my woman, Maria." 

My eye roll was mental this time, and I just nodded at the girl. She was beautiful, with a height I envied, dark hair and eyes, long curly hair and a lush figure. She smiled shyly but didn't say anything.

"Come on Maria," he said, dragging her away, "let's go get some food."

"What a caveman," I said. 

"Are you uncomfortable being around him?" Steve asked. "We can leave if you want."

"No," I said, "it's fine."

"Do you think about being with him again?" he inquired, staring at me intently.

I chose my words carefully, not wanting to hurt his feelings. "I am deliriously happy being with you," I said, punctuating this with a soft kiss on his lips, "but sometimes..."

"It's OK," he said. "Sometimes I think about it, too. This time I would want in on the action."

Whoa. Heat pooled instantly between my legs at his words.

"You sure know how to push my buttons. Having two men has always been a fantasy of mine."

He winked, "well, maybe we'll see what we can do later. But for now, let's mingle. A lot of my employees are here."

We did the work-the-room thing and had several more drinks. A couple of hours later, nature called. I slipped off to the restroom, noticing my sparkling eyes and flushed cheeks as I refreshed my lipstick. Steve's words had been in the back of my mind all night. Even if nothing happened at the party, we were going to have a wild time when we got back to my place.

When I stepped back out into the hall, I was grabbed around the waist. 

"What the...?" 

A hand clamped over my mouth and I was dragged down the hall toward the last door on the right. I was pretty buzzed but after the fog lifted I realized that Steve had grabbed me. He pushed open the door and revealed a man's bedroom with a king-size bed made up with satin sheets. He tossed me down on it and flung himself on top of me. Any roughness was completely out of character for him so it was incredibly arousing. He kissed me hard, his tongue thrusting into my mouth. Then he raised slightly and untied the straps of my dress, baring my breasts. 

"This dress has been driving me crazy all night. I'd be standing there, talking to one of my employees, and all I could think about was ripping this dress off and burying myself inside you."

"Be my guest," I murmured, wrapping my arms around his shoulders as he buried his face in my bare breasts. He nuzzled and licked my hard nipples, using both hands to caress and squeeze my sensitive flesh.

"Mmmmm..." my head turned limply to the side. And I saw someone standing silhouetted in the doorway. Feeling my start of surprise, Steve looked over. Unsurprised, he nodded at the man to enter the room. It was Jorge. A wave of sensation flooded over me, memories of my last encounter with Jorge and anticipation for what was to come. I shivered and my nipples got even harder. He strolled over to the bed, looking down at us and smiling slightly. There was already a large bulge in his faded blue jeans. He rubbed it suggestively and I licked my lips involuntarily in response. Steve put his arms around me and pulled me toward the foot of the bed. He lifted my skirt, smiled when he saw I wasn't wearing panties, spread my legs, and motioned for Jorge to move between them. Steve lay down beside me and began to kiss me passionately.

As Steve kissed me, Jorge placed his big hands on my thighs and spread them wider. Then he spread the lips of my pussy and dipped his head, licking up and down slowly. He made love to me almost tenderly with his mouth, certainly with more care than last time we were together. 

"Maria must be some woman," I thought dizzily.

Steve moved down to lick and nibble at my neck and collarbone. Then he trailed a string of kisses down my chest and captured a hard nipple in his mouth. He sucked it, then scraped it gently with his teeth, all the while rolling my other nipple between a thumb and forefinger. The sensation of one warm mouth on my breast and another on my pussy was indescribable. Mindblowing. Literally the most amazing thing I have ever felt. I tossed my head from side to side, holding the back of one hand to my mouth to stifle a scream of ecstasy. My hips were bucking but Jorge kept a tight grip on my hips, licking my clit and sliding a finger in and out of my throbbing pussy. I tried to pull away, to let the intensity subside so it would last longer but neither man would let me. A huge wave of pleasure washed over me and I stiffened, riding the climax for what seemed like hours. 

I opened my eyes to see Jorge unzipping his jeans and freeing his stiff cock. He pulled me toward him and slipped inside. I moaned at the feel of him burying himself in my tight pussy. He began to thrust in a slow rhythm. Steve withdrew from my breasts and moved toward the foot of the bed. He lay beside one of my thighs and reached over until he could apply his tongue to my still throbbing clit. He licked as Jorge pumped in and out of me. The idea of the two men working my pussy together took my breath away and I could feel another orgasm building. I rubbed my hands over my breasts, squeezing and pulling on my own nipples. The stimulation from hands, mouth and cock was so powerful that I came again, even harder than before. I might have passed out for a moment because before I knew it, I had been flipped over on the bed.

I was on my knees, ass in the air in front of Jorge. I looked back over my shoulder to see him holding his still-raging hard on. He gave it a few hard strokes, making my mouth water. I wiggled invitingly and he obligingly pulled me closer and began fucking me doggie-style. I groaned at the feeling of fullness as he plunged in and out of me, controlling my movements with his rough hands on my ass.

I turned my head to see Steve kneeling in front of me, stroking his own rock-hard cock.

"Let me," I whispered.

I took him into my mouth, drawing him deep. I licked around the head, paying special attention to the sensitive spot below. I licked and nibbled my way up and down the hard ridge underneath. Then I licked his balls, drawing first one, then the other gently into my mouth. I stroked firmly with my hand at the base while sucking on the head for awhile, then changed tactics to take him deep in my mouth, as deep as I could, fucking him with my warm, wet mouth. His hands tightened on the back of my head and his breathing changed. I could tell he was about to cum and I wanted it to be as good for him as he had helped make it for me. I took him still deeper, and sucked his cock harder and faster. Soon, he groaned and I could feel his hot cum streaming down my throat. I greedily sucked him dry, slowing and gentling my strokes as his body began to relax. At the same time, I could feel my own orgasm building. Jorge reached around between my legs and flicked my clit with his finger, which precipitated another earth-shattering climax.

It wasn't long until Jorge began pumping faster and faster, his own release nearing. One final thrust, and I could feel him shoot stream after stream deep inside me. He collapsed on top of me and I collapsed next to Steve. We lay there in a warm, lazy pile for a few minutes, then Jorge withdrew. He slapped Steve on the shoulder and they shared one of those man-to-man grins. Dropping a kiss on the top of my head, he zipped up his jeans and left the room.

Steve and I cuddled on Jake's bed for awhile longer.

"Merry Christmas, Stace," he said.