 I was out of town at a training session for my company when the usual "introduce yourself and say where you're from' thing started.

A guy named Steve introduced himself and I realized it was the same Steve I had attended high school with many years before. He was still his tall, lanky self. When we were in high school, everyone said we could be brothers, partly because we were both tall and so skinny and partly because we spent so much time together. After graduation, I had moved to another state and we had failed to stay in touch. 

The first thing that flashed into my mind when I recognized Steve at the meeting was his beautiful sister. The memory of her was still so strong that it gave me a huge erection in my pants. I had to force myself to think unpleasant thoughts in order to make the bulge dissipate. Otherwise, it would have been impossible to stand up at coffee break without extreme embarrassment. 

At the coffee break time, Steve was the one to approach me. We caught up on fifteen years of each other's lives in about ten minutes. Turns out we were both married with two kids. We were both still tall and thin, although working out had improved our physiques somewhat. 

At the end of the day, we met at my hotel room and had a couple of beers. We started to get a little silly and talk about the crazy and bizarre things we used to do. 

Actually, there was a reason we had failed to stay in touch all those years. It had to do with an incident which occurred the summer after our high school graduation. It was by far the most incredible thing that has ever happened to me. It all happened on a hot summer day...

They were remodeling their house and there was a place in his bedroom where he could look through a hole in the wall and directly into the bathroom. We were in his room and could hear his older sister, Sara, go into the bathroom and turn on the shower. Quickly, Steve motioned me over to the spot and we stood next to each other, taking turns looking through the hole. She was a waitress at a Mexican restaurant and was wearing the ruffled blouse and skirt from her job. I couldn't believe my good fortune at seeing her drop the little skirt to the floor and reveal the thin, tanned legs and knobby little knees I adored so much. 

Reluctantly, I gave Steve his turn. He only looked in for a couple of seconds and then motioned for me to look again, I guess because he had already seen this before. He let me stay at the hole while his sister stripped completely naked. 

As soon as she slipped her blouse over her head and I saw her tiny black lace "A" cup bra, my hands were sliding my shorts and underwear down. My cock was rock hard and already leaking precum as I stroked it steadily. 

Sara slowly removed her little bra, revealing perky little tits that she massaged gently with her tiny manicured fingers. She slid her hands down her flat stomach, bent forward and her panties hit the floor. When she straightened up, I was treated to a view of her tight little pussy, with only wisps of light brown hair around it. I was totally shocked when she proceeded to walk straight towards the hole in the wall, her pussy straight ahead and not more that two feet away. She reached up and got a towel from the closet and draped it over the towel rack, completely obscuring my view. 

"That should stop my little pervert brother from spying on me," I heard her say.

Completely absorbed by what I had seen, I straightened up and continued to jack myself off. I turned around and looked over at Steve for the first time. He also had a handful of boner. Taking an old t-shirt from his drawer, he threw it on the floor between us.

"See if you can hit the target!" he said. We stood facing each other . I was the first to send a wad flying. It landed on the floor by Steve's foot.

"You're cleaning that up!" Steve said, acting disgusted.

Then, he grinned at me and stroked himself furiously until he started to shoot off too. I felt something warm hit me right above the belly button, then again on my left knee. Steve was deliberately trying to give me a cum shower. 

Immediately, I leaned over to get a dry part of the tee shirt to wipe myself off, but Steve still had something left. His last nasty, smelly, creamy wad hit me right on the nose.

Steve collapsed on his bed and threw his legs up in the air, laughing hysterically.

I had made him promise to never tell what happened that day. Actually, I had blackmailed him. I told him if he told, I would tell everyone he had let me do him in the butt. 

Later we were in the kitchen getting something to eat when Sara walked in wearing a string bikini. I said "hi" very shyly, then when she bent over to get a soda out of the fridge, I took the opportunity to stare at her tiny little butt cheeks. At first, she completely ignored me. As a matter of fact, she was on her way back outside to sunbathe some more when something seemed to suddenly occur to her. 

Slowly, she turned around and looked at Steve, then at me, with a slightly irritated, slightly amused look. 

I felt my face turn red and a big lump formed in my throat. 

Steve, I know you've been spying on me through that hole in the wall. Now you're letting your friends look through that hole, aren't you?

The shocked look on our faces was enough to confirm her suspicions. 

"How old are you, anyway?" she asked me.

18, the same as Steve. 

"You don't look it."

She walked over to me and straddled my left leg with hers. She radiated heat and her flesh touching mine made me inhale sharply. I was staring at the tiny patch of fabric which was covering her pussy.

"Did you have fun watching me strip? How would you like a closer look? "

She pulled down on her bikini bottoms until I could see some pubic hair. 

"I know my little brother Steve has wanted to do me for a long time."

Sara then made a proposal that made us both drop our jaws. We would go to her room and lock the door. Steve and I had to both take our clothes off, then she would strip. The first one to drop to his knees and give the other one a blow job would be the one she would let fuck her. 

I really thought she planned to pull some dirty trick on us, but I wasn't about to miss out on a chance to do the girl of my dreams.

We went to her room and she slipped into her walk-in closet. In a few minutes she emerged, wearing the plaid skirt and white blouse she used to wear when she attended a Catholic school. Steve and I stood there in shock for a moment, then she reminded us of the agreement and we both stripped naked. My dick was already rock hard and Steve's got that way fast when his sister started to unbutton her blouse. She let me undo her bra and I took the opportunity to press my cock up against her back as I did it. 

She moved away from me, slowly slid her skirt down and was naked, since she hadn't bothered to put on any panties. Being the faster thinker of the two, I immediately dropped to my knees in front of Steve, guaranteeing myself of the dream of a lifetime. 


Sucking a guy's cock couldn't be that bad, I thought as I looked up at Steve's pee slit, already dripping with precum. I looked up at Sara, now standing right next to Steve and fingering herself. I told myself it was definitely going to be worth it. I didn't know I would actually enjoy it.

"By the way, it doesn't count as a blow job unless he cums in your mouth," Sara giggled.

She was still stroking herself.

Steve was tired of waiting and moved forward, placing the head of his 6" dick right on my lips. I felt the moist precum touch my lips and pulled away, but Steve was persistent and put it back. It felt very natural this time to part my lips and gently suck the head into my mouth. He pushed persistently in until he hit the back of my throat, withdrew all the way out, then slowly entered again. 

"Oh, God, I'm coming!" Sara shrieked.

I couldn't move my head, since Steve was now holding it firmly in his hands, but I looked over as best I could to see Sara furiously fucking herself with her little hand. 

I knew it was going to take a little more to make Steve come, so I timed it so that when he reached the back of my throat with a stroke, I pressed up with my tongue and sucked. This made him gasp with pleasure, so I sucked a little bit harder with each successive stroke. He still didn't cum, so, remembering how he had jacked himself off earlier, I started to stroke him with my hand also. So it was the thrust in, suck hard, stroke him on the way out that after numerous repetitions finally resulted in pulsation after pulsation and groans of satisfaction, from both him and his sister!

I swallowed three times while he was cumming. After he withdrew, I noticed some more leaking out and I bent over to lick that off too, in case his sister didn't think I was doing a good enough job. Then I rose triumphantly to my feet, a drop of cum still dripping from my chin and my hard dick eagerly awaiting the girl of my dreams.

It did not have to wait long. Sara was in front of me in a flash. Jumping up and wrapping her legs around me, she kissed me deeply on the mouth.. I walked with her over to her bed, laid her down and pressed my dick against her hot, wet opening. Even for being so well lubricated, she was so tight I had to push in firmly.

Once inside, her pussy massaged every inch of me. We were both panting and sweating as if we had just ran up three flights of stairs. I grabbed a gorgeous little butt cheek in each hand After about three minutes of steady humping, grabbing, rubbing and kissing we rolled over together and the thinnest and most beautiful girl in town, the girl I had thought about during literally hours of masturbation, was now sliding up and down on my cock and having an orgasm. I also started to pulsate deep inside of her and her gorgeous body collapsed on top of me. 

The next day I went back to their house. Sara greeted me very coldly. She said she had got carried away because of the heat and had made a terrible mistake. She had a boyfriend whom she loved very much and planned to marry. I was never to come back to their house again and if I did she would call the sheriff. I went off to college and on with my life thinking I would never see either one of them again.