 Steve's dirty thoughts, Part 2, Linda and Amber

In the first story, 

Steve, a 37-year-old father of 2, and the first time that he wanted to fuck his 19 years younger half-sister, Sophie, after a show in the shower and her fucking his brother Brad right in from of his eyes. All the time while was banging his other brother, Dan's oldest daughter, Kate.

Linda didn't want to join them since their relationship was going south and she needs some time to think things through. 

Steve was going through some crisis of his own, now that he realized that he was almost 40 and that he got horny by watching his own daughter's friends by the pool.

Grace, 18 was a cheerleader as was her hot friends that for some reason always seemed to bath topless in their pool. 

The crises started when Steve found Linda home having sex with one of the Graces' friends, Amber, a long time friend of the family as well. And the only daughter of their best friends Danny and his gorgeous black wife, Sheila. 

Well, Steve kind of enjoyed the scenery and wasn't late to jump in, but then, they spotted the next door neighbors, and eventually they also joined in, for a wonderful afternoon of fucking

That's when Linda started to have seconds thoughts about their marriage, but we'll get to that soon enough, let's take a closer look at exactly what happened that day. 

In this story, we will meet Linda for the first time, and our next door neighbors, the lovely couple from India, well Steve (51), was from the States, but his sexy MILF, Kavitha (44) was born in India. They have two daughters, Punith, 27 and Shruti, 22. 

But we will not be meeting them here today. Later.

 

Part 1 - Exhausted after a long day.

I, (Steve) come home from work; it's been one of those days. A gorgeous day, but fucking much to do. 

"Hello, I', home, anybody here. Linda, Sophie, Junior. Anybody.." 

No answer. 

I start looking around for any sign of the family, but they are nowhere to be found. 

Fucking nice. Alone.. A cold beer by the pool, Fuck, nice.

I get a beer from the fridge and then walk out to the backyard, for some RnR by the pool, and there's Linda with her legs spread apart with a gorgeous sexy lady licking her pussy. A young sexy ass sticks up in the air, ass hole wide open. 
The sexy young lady leans on one hand because she's finger fucking Linda. 

I stop where I stand, almost drop my beer and just stare. I stare at the unreal scene in front of me, hot, but fucking unreal. 

That blond head belongs to one of Sophies' friends, Amber. Amber has an amazing body and a pair of tight teen tits, round, C-cup with nice small nipples. Long dark hair. I stand frozen and enjoy this hot scene for a while. I've heard about Lindas lesbian period, and I know she gets attracted to women in general, but what the fuck... This is a bit different, and all of a sudden it occurs to me, she's fucking cheating on me... That thought didn't even come to mind until now. And I'm here watching it. Fuck, I realize that my other hand is rubbing my cock.

Amber is on her knees and her small, but firm ass in the air, wiggling it slightly back and forth, while she moves her head up and down, licking Linda's pussy. Her eyes are buried into Linda's; two fingers slide in, the other hand's fingers are gently playing with her own clit. Ambers' tongue is gently playing with Linda's clit; she puts some pressure on it and Linda arches her back. Then she stops, looks up at Linda, her mouth drained with juice:

"I wish you were my mommy," she says, only to go back and slowly lick Linda's sweet clit and suck on her lips again, totally oblivious to my presence.

I can see Linda smile and grabs Amber by the head to ensure that she goes back to her duties.

After a minute, Amber once again sits up, looks Linda in the eyes and slowly start kissing Linda's belly moving upwards, past my wife's huge tits, via the neck and finally reaches her mouth. The two naked girls kiss, their lips press together, and it isn't long before their tongues probe each other's open mouths. 


I feel a very familiar sensation, lust running through my body, cock growing harder and harder, as Linda's hand start caressing Ambers' thigh. Their tongues play with one another, lips pouted while exchanging soft love bites.

I pull out my big cock, Can't help myself, but this scene is turning me on. 

Wonder if Amber likes it in the ass. 

Linda once said that Amber was lesbian since she's always telling her how sexy she is and that she's noticed her stares and her lingering, a bit too long hugs. 

I don't care if she's our daughters best friend... That ass and sexy body drive me crazy.

Amber spread her legs as Linda drives her tongue against her cunt and starts licking and sucking. 

Amber thrust her hips upward and place her hands behind Linda's head, pulling her closer to her, by now, soaked pussy. Linda's tongue digs deeper into her hole, and her young body wither under the intense pleasure. I can see that Amber's whole body tenses up as Linda's tongue fucks it hard and work her clit.

Linda's middle finger find her clit as her tongue greedily works between her thighs. 

The other hand reaches up to Ambers' perky breasts and pinch her nipples, softly at first then applying more pressure. 

Amber, leans her head back, closes her eyes and opens her mouth

"Oh, fuck," she groan, 

Linda squeezes Amber's nipples harder, and I think that's probably a little painful, I could see she wanted more. 

"Oh, fuck me. Fuck my wet pussy with that tongue," she shouts, clearly not caring if anyone heard her. 

Linda keeps the pressure on her hard nipples while eagerly licking the wetness of Ambers' womanhood. They're both out of control at this point 

Suddenly Linda gets up. Sliding her foot beneath Amber and eases herself forward, straddling her. Linda grabs Amber's ankle and holds it in the air as their cunts made hard contact. Their hips move back and forth while Linda jerks her head backward and closes her eyes. Amber can't seem to rock fast enough or push hard enough against each other's pussies.

"FUCK ME," Linda cried out. Fuck me good with that fucking cunt.

Amber's mouth is open, eyes closed, her breathing got heavier, her moans get louder, and I almost can feel her body tense up. I know she's almost there and I can see that she's pushing harder and harder, faster and faster against Linda. 

Her teeth came together, and it almost looks painful. Then with a scream, her whole body starts shaking, still rocking and force herself against Linda. She gasped for air when a feeling of intense desire raced through her body. She let go of Linda's ankle and grabs her tits and let it all out. 

"OH, MY GOD."

"Yeah, cum for me, baby. Yeah, cum for me, come for mommy."

Amber twist and moan as her shaven pussy rub Linda's pussy, orgasm after orgasm, till her body just can't take it anymore, and she collapses over Linda, gasping for air. 

"O, myyy God," Amber whispers, "O, my fucking God." 

I am now jerking my cock so hard, and I think I'm gonna come right here and now, but somehow I seem to control myself. The two girls lay next to each other for a while, then Amber lean over and kiss Linda's wet juice again, she sticks three fingers in her pussy, soaking wet. The other hands finger slowly begin to rub her little asshole, juice from the soaking wet pussy, helps. Linda moans with pleasure as she slowly pushes in a finger in her ass. 

In and then out again, slowly, gently, in and out. 

Linda moans and arches her back so Amber can reach even deeper. 

It doesn't take long for Linda to once again scream out her orgasm, and my cock probably can't take much more of this. Amber slip out of her ass and pussy, climb on top of her, her thighs on each side of her, rubbing against her pussy, 

This one seems to not get enough; I think as Ambers' perfect tits reach Linda's mouth, Linda sucks on her rock hard nipples. 

Amber whisper: 

"You won't tell your daughter about this, will you?" 

I am now pulling hard on my bulging cock, and I once again think I may come prematurely, like a fucking young teenager. 

Linda doesn't answer since her tongue is busy with the young ladies nipples, and her hands are grabbing and squeezing Ambers ass, spreading her cheeks, exposing that sweet, sexy pussy, that is glistening slightly.

All of a sudden, Linda sees me. First she's startled, shocked, ashamed. Her face goes red, she hides her breasts, but then quickly remove the shield before Amber notices anything, then she sees my hard cock and just smiles. She knows how much I have checked out Amber by the pool with our daughter. I can see and feel in the air how horny she is.. her nipples are rock hard, and she looks straight into my eyes as she starts to finger fuck Amber.. she bite her lower lip and increases the speed of her finger, burying her eyes in mine, she looks down at my cock and smiles as she keeps looking at it and fucking Amber at the same time. 

Ambers' head is tilted backward, eyes closed, so she has no idea about this... 

My eyes move from Linda's to Amber's soaking pussy... 

I walk closer, bolder by the fact that I'm discovered already and deep somewhere in my head, I hope that they invite me to join the party. I mean I have dreamt about this for quite some time now. 
But, I have, to be honest. I am not sure that Amber isn't my kid. I did have one hot fuck with her mother, Sheila, at the time of conception. It was when Linda and I were going through our first crisis, but I will tell you all about that later. That was a night for the books. 

Walked over and got a position closer to them, only about 15 feet away now, got in behind a wheelbarrow, still with my rock hard cock in my hand.

I hear Amber moan and say, almost whisper: 

"Oh mommy, I wish my sister was here to enjoy this!" as Linda's fingers slide in and out of her pussy. 

Fuck, did Amber and her stunning sister fuck? Or lick each other's pussy?

She backs off a bit, legs still spread apart as Linda's face is deep buried between her thighs.

"What if your husband finds out about us?"

I barely hear that last part, but I do. Linda looks over to me, nods her head and says:

"Ohhh I don't think he would mind." 

She blinks at me and then looks at Amber. 

Fuuuck, my heart stopped. Is this really happening?

"Can he join us? I know how much he wants a piece of you," Linda looks over at my rock hard cock and continues: 

"I can see that in his eyes and by the veins on his cock... Never seen him so hard."

Amber turns her head and looks at me. She blushes ever so slightly, and then her eyes wanders down to my big cock.

Oh, my God, what the hell am I doing, standing here jerking off in front of my daughter's friend, Danny's daughter, or, fuck, mine..... 

Amber looks at me, jerking my big veiny Cock.. blush even more

 

Part 2 - can daddy join?


Amber sit's up 

"Come here, Steve."

As I walk over to them, Amber reach out to touch my cock as I reach them. 

"Feel how warm it is, throbbing in your hand." Linda smiles.

"Is it true?" She looks back at Linda, slowly moving her hand up and down my shaft. 

"Don't you think your daughter will mind if daddy fucks me?"

Ambers' chest is heaving, her perky tits slowly moving up and down with her breath, slowly moving her slight frame in front of me, as she move the other hand to Linda's pussy, pushing two fingers in, slowly finger fucking her as she look deep into Linda's eyes as you ask her the question. 

"Huh, Mommy, do you think Grace will mind if I fuck daddy?"

Before Amber gets an answer, she pulls out her finger, turning her eyes to me and put Linda's soaking wet fingers in her mouth, while she looks deep into my eyes. 

I could come right now. 

Still looking at me, she put her fingers in Linda's pussy again, retreating her juice and the rub it on my cock. 

"Mommy, can I? Daddy's cock feels so nice. Mommy, please."

Linda closes her eyes and tilts her head back, spreads her legs even wider apart, and starts to finger her wet pussy and whispers ever so lightly:

"Yes, sweetheart, you may take daddy's big cock, fell how good daddy's cock taste."

Linda opens her eyes again, and Amber and I can see the determination in then, she grabs Amber's head and guides her to my big bulging cock.

"Taste daddy, let daddy know how much you love him." 

Amber looks startled in the beginning, but it doesn't take long until she's all in. 

In the beginning, Linda is playing with a huge black dildo while she enjoys the scenery. Then she changes her mind and wants to join in. The two hot ladies take turns, their tongues meet at the tip of my cock, they kiss passionately.

Ambers' tongue is playing around on my tip of my cock. Loving it. Rolling over the head, her hands finds my balls, sucking a bit deeper and slowly back and forth now, squeezing my balls gently before Linda joins in. Linda kiss Amber sensually on her lips, my cock between them as Linda lick her way down my shaft, only to put my balls in her mouth and suck on them.. then she slowly moves away and looks innocently at Amber. 

"Does, does daddy fuck my little sister as well?" Amber asks.

"No honey," she replies.

To be honest, she has no clue. I fucked her last night.. when Linda passed out to drunk, and Ambers sister came over to "walk the dog" as she often does. Sometimes very late a night, only wearing a very short skirts and sexy tops, almost always without a bra on, like she wants me to notice her hard nipples. I try not to look. 

But finally, last night, after a few drinks too much, I asked if she wanted to come in. Linda was sleeping on the couch. 

Anyway, I fucked the shit out of your sister last night, but that's my little dirty secret. 

Man, your dad would kill me. But at least I know She's not my daughter. Amber has my fucking eyes...

But I don't want to tell anybody that.. ever

I want that tiny slut for myself for a while, what is she? 16?... 

I soo fucking love this picture in front of me, Ambers hot lips slowly sliding up and down my shaft, and while she's looking into my eyes, I just want to slap her and make her understand how fucking horny I am.. 
I grab her head and forces down my cock in her throat. 

I can see tears coming down Ambers' cheek, she gags, looks at me and I can see that she's wondering what the fuck happened. 

"Take the whole thing, little slut, shut up and let mommy guide you."

Tears are running down her cheeks, but I don't care, I just want her to feel a real cock jamming down her throat. I slap her in the face. Is this hot little slut my daughter? If so, she loves sucking cock as much as her hot, black, sexy mama.

Naeeh, she's not.

"Look into my eyes as I fuck that filthy mouth.. look me in the eyes bitch." 
Those eyes. Nooo, but fuck, she really does have my eyes. Is she really my daughter?

After a while, she composes herself and starts enjoying it. Linda's hands are over her ass, two fingers sliding in and out of her tight little asshole. Amber finally opens her throat, and it's like she doesn't have a gag reflex. She seems to enjoy being manhandled and lets me shove my cock down her throat and tighten her mouth around it. She seems to enjoy the feeling of a big throbbing cock deep down her throat, tears forming from a lack of air as she gags on it. I slap her hard. 

"Your our new little fuck toy, bitch." 

Amber suck and foam keep coming out from her mouth. She loves it. 

Linda lays down between her widespread legs and starts to lick her pussy and ass hole and then back to the pussy again. Amber seems to like sitting on Linda's face, she lowers her body and moves back and forth so Linda's tongue can reach all of her. She's fucking Linda's face. Linda has a finger in her ass and three fingers in her ripe pussy. Amber gags once again, and I feel that my cum is close. I glans over to the right for some reason and on the other side of the fence, I see our next door neighbors watching. I don't care, just want to cum all over that pretty face, filthy mouth and see my cum running down between her sexy tits.

Amber grinds her pussy on Linda's face, rubbing her juices all over her as she mouth fuck my throbbing cock. I feel I'm getting closer and closer to exploding, 
my cock ready to shoot my load in Amber's mouth. Any second now.

I can't take it any longer, I shoot my entire load into Ambers' throat, she gags and gasps for air, but I hold her head so that she can't move it.

"Take it all, slut. Swallow daddy's cum."

I finally let go of her head, drool and foaming cum runs from her wide open mouth cum dripping down her cheeks. I have to say; I really enjoy seeing my warm cum all over her face.

Linda, of course, knows what happening and quickly comes up to join. They kiss and share my warm cum; my whole body shakes as I come again, once again my warm cum shoots out on Ambers and Linda's eager faces, in their eyes, in their hair, all over. They take turns to lick and suck my, by now, tender cock.

Cum drips down their mouths and tits, Linda licks it up, looking into Amber's eyes the whole time. With a horny gaze in my eyes, I notice the neighbors again, they know Amber's our daughter's friend, and they just saw me come all over hers and Linda's face. My entire load all over their faces, whole fuck, HOLY FUCK.

Amber licks the last cum from my very tender cock and then come up to my face, kisses me. I can taste my salty cum. Our tongues meet in a long horny kiss. 

She starts kissing and licking me in my ear, her breath is heavy and warm, and I can feel her heart beat heavily. Amber whisper in my ear: 

"I know what will get you hard again, daddy." 

 

Part 3 - Neighbors get involved

Amber's eyes are looking deep into mine, as she reaches over behind the chair and brings out a huge strap-on, gives it to Linda, slowly gets on all 4, facing our neighbors, cum still hanging from our cheek. 

She looks up, and for the first time, she and Linda also notice our neighbors. 
They look at them but don't seem the least bothered. I see a smile on Ambers' face, and then, still looking at them, she loudly states:

"Not in my ass mommy, let daddy take it first.."

I glans over the neighbors again, and I can't help to wonder what the hell they are thinking. Kavitha had long sexy legs with perfect curves and beautiful dark skin.
Her bosom was very well endowed, and her nipples were stiff as Steve was foundering them. Steve leaned over and gently licked her stiff nipples and Kavitha moaned loudly. She wanted us to hear her. 
She was obviously very aroused and grabbed Steve's head to make his gulp the whole boob.

Then Kavitha slid down, get on her knees and pull out Steve's cock, still looking at us. She smiles as she notices me checking her out, and start licking his balls, eyes are buried in mine. I can't help it, but I have always fancied Kavitha, with her huge ass, poking around in her garden with a top and way too tight pants. Kavitha is from India and a few years older than I, but fuck.. a fucking MILF...


Steve grab Kavitha's head and thrust his dick into her hot mouth, forcing himself deep down her throat. She gagged. 


After a while, I look back to Amber and Linda and see that Linda is putting on the strap-on. Amber's on all 4, also looking at Kavitha blowing Steve's cock, cum still hanging from your cheek. Looking at Kavitha taking his balls in her mouth I can hear Amber say:

"Mommy, I think that they like watching our little Family." 

Our eyes meet, she smiles. Linda slowly enters Amber's sweet pussy and closes her eyes to fully enjoy the moment. Amber opens her eyes again and looks into mine as Linda fucks her harder and harder. Amber wipe the last cum from her cheek and push in her ass, and her perky tits bounce wildly as Linda thrusts her strap-on deep into her womb. 
