 Mark was trying to find his way out of the huge studio complex. The shoot he had just watched had him completely distracted as he wondered down the hallways only to wind up somewhere he had already been. Those beautiful women in the lingerie were so sexy, his cock had been hard through most of the shoot. His cousin had gotten him into the shoot as repayment for helping her move a couple of weeks ago but she had disappeared during the session.

Stopping for a second to try to get his bearings, he heard giggling and women talking. Mark remained still to determine where the voices were coming from. Following the sounds down the next hallway, he found the voices were coming from the last room.

Not thinking about how he would look if some one saw him, Mark eased down the hall and paused at the door. Listening at the door, he could hear the conversation as plainly as if he was in the room with them. It was the girls from the lingerie shoot.

"Modelling this stuff always makes me feel so sexy."

"I know, you would think it would just be a job by now."

"I'm so hot and bothered right now I'd screw just about any man that walked through that door right now."

Mark almost fell over, these were professional models and their work affected them this way?

From the other side of the door he heard "Why don't you road test one of these toys?"

"I have been thinking about it. If I don't calm down soon I will probably have to."

"Did you see that cute stranger in the blue shirt?" Mark looked down at his blue shirt, could they be talking about him?

"Yeah, when I saw how we were affecting him I really turned it on."

"His cock was bulging his jeans so bad I felt sorry for him."

"If he were here right now I'd solve that problem for him."

"Me too."

Mark didn't know whether to run or stay put.

"I would wrap my legs around his head anytime."

Suddenly the door opened and Mark stood there frozen.

"Ladies, did you really mean what you said about that cute guy?" the blonde model asked as she looked at Mark.

"Yes."

"Of course, why?"

Grabbing Mark by the wrist, the blonde pulled him into the room. "Because I just found him outside our door."

"Did you follow us to the room?" asked the brunette. Mark shook his head. He was speechless. The women were still wearing the lingerie they had modelled, so much satin and lace, so much skin. A box of toys was still on the table.

"What do you think girls? asked the redhead as she circled around Mark checking him out.

The second blonde said, "Put him in the shampoo chair."

"Should we tie his hands to the chair?" asked the brunette.

"No," replied the redhead, "I want his hands all over me." As the two blondes moved him towards the chair, the redhead grabbed his crotch. "This might really be fun, his cock feels huge."

They stripped his clothes off as they put him in the chair. The second blonde and the redhead knelt on each side of the chair and began to fondle Mark's growing cock. The brunette leaned the chair back flat and started kissing him. The first blonde rummaged through the box of toys, selecting several toys to lay out.

Mark's cock throbbed at the touch of two pair of hands. The brunette began rubbing her breasts across his face. The first blonde loaded batteries into some of the toys. Mark couldn't believe what was happening.

The second blonde and the redhead started teasing his cock with their tongues, they mirrored each others movements as they slid up and down his shaft. When they reached the head, they would kiss each other as their tongues rolled around it. Mark's hands were on the back of each of their heads just following their motions. The brunette slipped her G-string off and straddled his face with her long legs. Her pussy was soaking wet as she lowered it onto his lips.

Without their mouths ever leaving his cock, the second blonde and the redhead stood up and guided Marl's hands to their wet pussies. He felt two hands spread his legs apart as they pulled his knees up. The brunette was grinding her pussy harder onto his face. Mark heard a buzzing sound followed by a vibration on his ass just before the first blonde pushed a lubricated dildo deep into his ass. Without warning, Mark shot a huge load of come all over the faces of the second blonde and the redhead. Together they cleaned his come from his cock then each other.

The brunette's breath was coming short and fast, Mark was doing an excellent job eating her pussy. She stopped long enough to turn around and lay on top of him as he ate her. Pulling his cock into her mouth, the brunette wanted him hard so she could have his cock in her pussy. The redhead took over the dildo in his ass and the first blonde picked up a second vibrator. She lubricated it as she moved to the head of the chair. Marks hands were still working on the second blonde's and the redhead's pussies, each of his thumbs were slick with their juices and had easily slipped into their asses. Each woman pushed against his hand to get more in deeper.

Mark again heard a buzzing sound and looked up to see a vibrator move past his nose and deep into the brunette's ass. She immediately started gasping for air and bucking against his face and the dildo as her orgasm washed over her body. 

"Oooh." giggled the redhead. "I want me one of those."

As the brunettes's orgasm subsided, Marks cock suddenly became rock hard.

The second blonde noticed his cock immediately. Looking at the redhead she said, "Shall we take turns?'

"Lets." said the second blonde, and they eased the brunette's off of Mark and onto the couch. "Heads or tails?"

"I want that cock in me right now!" said the redhead as she moved toward Marks legs. Climbing up on him, she leaned over and kissed him deeply. "Fuck me good." she whispered to him, grabbing his cock and sliding it deep into her pussy.

The second blonde kissed him hard and whispered in Mark's ear, "I love a good tongue lashing, but save some of that cock for me." Then she straddled his head facing the redhead. The redhead leaned forward and began to trace the second blonde's nipples with her fingernails. The second blonde leaned forward also and kissed the redhead deeply. They started caressing each other as they kissed and both rocked gently on Mark.

The first blonde and the brunette's selected vibrators and moved around behind the other two girls. Each slid the dildo into an ass.. The second blonde and the redhead rocked harder on Mark, they were lost in a passionate embrace, their breaths quickened. The second blonde pushed her pussy harder onto his face, Mark reached up and spread the cheeks of her ass and the brunette stroked the vibrator deeper and turned it on. The second blonde's orgasm swept through her as she was locked in the embrace of the redhead. Her orgasm and the expert use of the dildo by the first blonde as Marks cock pounded into the redheads pussy triggered an earth shattering orgasm in the redhead. Breathing heavily she went limp in the arms of the second blonde.

As the redhead was helped to the couch, the second blonde climbed onto Mark's still hard cock. Taking him completely inside her pussy in one stroke she began rolling her hips to meet his strokes. The brunette slid the vibrator into the second blondes ass again the pushed five beads into Mark's ass..

The first blonde had had all she could stand, spreading her legs as she sat on the couch. Her dripping pussy easily took the largest dido as she pushed it deep inside herself. Taking a second, smaller vibrator, she began sliding it into her own ass.

Suddenly, they are all distracted by the moans coming from the first blonde as she uses the two dildos on herself. She is slamming both of them deep into herself and gasping for air as she bucks against her own hands. She is screaming out with each stroke now, and as a thundering orgasm shakes through her, it is obvious to the rest of the room that this woman is coming harder than any of them ever have in their lives. She collapses on the couch and the redhead reaches over to turn off the vibrators. 

The first blonde's awe inspiring orgasm distracted everyone, but did not stop anything. The second blonde is still riding Mark's cock and the brunette's is working the dildo deeper into her ass. Mark and the second blonde are quickly headed for their own orgasms, the brunette is playing with both their asses. As the second blonde's orgasm starts to hit her, the brunette's pulls the first bead of the string out of Mark's ass, he comes immediately. The second blonde is bucking on his cock and another bead is popped out, Mark's cock pumps another load of come into her. As the second blonde's orgasm finishes leaving her breaths heaving, the brunette pulls the remaining three beads out one at a time. With each bead Mark's cock shoots more come.

Mark is too exhausted to move, the second blonde eases off his cock and curls up with the redhead on the couch. The first blonde still has not moved since she rocked her own world so hard.

"I'm ready again when you are." the brunette tells Mark.

The door opens and in walked the coordinator for the shoot. "What the hell is going on in here?" she demanded. Mark saw before him the most stunningly beautiful black woman he had ever seen.

"We were just getting rid of some work related tension." said the first blonde.

"The four of you, tell him goodbye and get out of here." said the coordinator.

"But I'm not done." whined the brunette.

"It looks like he is." said the coordinator. "Take one of your favorite toys with you and go home." With a pout that would melt any man, the brunette got dressed and left with the other three.

"The last thing Mark heard was the first blonde say, "My husband better be home and he better be horny when I get there because I'm going to fuck his brains out."

"Now," said the coordinator looking at Mark, "what the hell are you doing screwing my girls? Have you ever noticed the looks on the faces of the models in lingerie catalogs? The hottest catalogs have horny women modelling the lingerie. From the looks of things, the only one that will be any good tomorrow out of those four will be the brunette. I might as well cancel tomorrows shoot."

Mark started to get up to get dressed and leave but the coordinator pushed him back down onto the chair. "I'm not done with you yet buddy."

As the coordinator continued berating Mark, she was in constant motion. He was mesmerized watching her move back and forth around the chair. When she would bend over, he would see that underneath her tailored suit coat she only wore a red lace bra that seemed straining to contain her large breasts. Her skirt was slit almost to the waist. Under the skirt, Mark could not see any panties, her black stockings were held in place by a black garter belt. The slit of her skirt apparently only opened when she wanted it to.

Mark felt his cock coming back to life as he watched the coordinator move about. She noticed his cock was growing and continued to scold him as she moved about. The way she moved was turning Mark on more and more each minute.

"I guess I'd better see what you did to my girls. Get out of that sticky chair and lie on your back in the floor." she orders him. Mark does as he is told, as she continues to scold him she keeps walking around his head. He now catches glimpse of her glistening pussy. The coordinator kneels at Mark's head then moves her pussy over his face. Mark traces his tongue around the outside of her pussy lips twice then slips it inside"

As the coordinator pushes her pussy harder onto his face, she leans over to suck his cock. Mark can feel her breasts against his stomach as they strain against the bra and coat. She does a masterful job on his cock and soon has him rock hard again. Then she turns around unbuttoning her coat, in one smooth move, she unsnaps and removes her bra without removing coat. Mark rubs his cock on her pussy lips.

"Suck on my tits boy." the coordinator demands as she sits down on his cock. Using long, slow, full length strokes, she fucks him while he sucks her breasts and caresses them with both hands. She grinds him into her pussy at the bottom and squeezes the head tightly at the top of each stroke. Her breathing is heavy and timed by her strokes. Mark rises to meet her each time.

The coordinator grabs the tube of lubricant off the table and applied a generous amount to her ass. She raised up off Mark's cock then pressed it against her ass. A gasp escaped her when the head slipped into her as she lowered herself . Holding the head of his cock in her ass, she laid on Mark to rest while her ass got used to the rock hard cock.

After a few minutes, she began to slowly work more of his cock into her tight ass. He was about half way inside her when Mark rolled her over onto the floor. Her skirt slid up to her waist as he raised her kegs atop his shoulders. Working his cock gently deeper into her ass, Mark placed one of her hands on her breast. In the other hand, he places a vibrator , then guides it to her pussy. She matches his long slow strokes into her ass with short strokes of the dildo into her pussy. The deeper his cock goes, the deeper the dildo goes.

Her ass is so tight it seems clamped around Mark's throbbing cock as he finally buries it to the hilt. Her pussy has the dildo completely inside it. Marks cock has never felt so hard to him, he began to stroke harder and faster. The coordinator plunges the dildo into her pussy and rises to meet each of his strokes. Mark reaches down to turn the vibrator on and pushes her thumbs together on her clit. Her moans of pleasure grow louder and her panting gets harder.

"Fuck me harder! Fuck my ass harder!" the coordinator begged Mark.

He pushed his cock deep into her ass, harder and faster with each stroke. The coordinator began bucking to meet his thrusts. The tightness of her ass and the vibration of the dildo in her pussy was about to push Mark over the edge. Her screams of pleasure with each stroke echoed in the room. Mark was pounding his cock into her as fast as he could.

:"Fu, fu, fuck me! F, fuck me harder! Yes! yes! Yeeesss!!" screamed the coordinator as a thundering orgasm roared through her body in waves. Mark continued to pound his cock deep into her and another orgasm rolled through her. He felt his come building quickly. The coordinators orgasms kept coming, she had a third. Mark's cock exploded deep inside her and her fourth and final orgasm rocked her to the core.

Both of them were gasping for air as they lay in a heap on the floor, the coordinator let out a soft moan as Mark's cock slipped out of her ass. Another escaped her as he turned off and removed the dildo. They lay in the floor until they each regained enough strength to sit up. After a few more minutes, the coordinator stood up, straightened her skirt and buttoned her suit coat.

"Next time you want to fuck any of my models," she glared at him, "come do me instead." Dropping a business card in his lap, she headed for the door.

"Um," Mark began, "could you tell me how to get out of this building?"