 Mary was getting excited at the thought of Richard's next visit. It had been a while since they had been together and he was arriving in Taipei tomorrow.

This was the first time she would have seen him since her wild experience with the 'Stiff Club.'

She knew how it had turned him on and they had spoken a lot about how she had felt as she entertained the men on the screen.

Mary had never returned to the site and still blushed at the memory of what she had done that night.

As she tried to sleep that night wild images and thoughts filled her restless mind.

She remembered the nervous excitement she had felt that time as she had reached up and started to unbutton her blouse for the 'Stiff Club' members.

She realised then as she did now that although it was completely out of character, the thought of those men lusting after her had really turned her on.

Although she tried to deny it to herself she also knew that, at that moment when she had decided to unbutton her blouse, she had known that she would ultimately strip naked for those men.

She also remembered her total surprise when after her wild performance Richard had revealed him self to her as 'John'.

Mary still had a problem understanding why Richard would want to share her with other men, even if they could only look. He had tried to explain that he liked the idea of knowing that other men lusted after her but ultimately could not have her because he was her one and only lover. She still did not fully understand but knew that she was willing to try almost anything if it turned him on. 

As the images and thoughts of the stiff club faded she started to think of her visit to Richard in the morning. She had already decided to wear the sexy red underwear.

She also remembered that they had a big 'wish list' to try and complete. One item that had been outstanding for a long time was that Richard wanted to take a series of photographs as he shaved her pussy. 

Mary smiled to her self as she remembered the first time he had shaved her. Even though they had been lovers for a while she still remembered blushing as he opened her legs to expose her pussy. It had felt strange as he meticulously clipped off her pussy hairs with his electric shaver. The buzzing of the vibrating cutter had tickled a little at first but each time he moved it close to her pussy lips it started to arouse her.

She knew how he liked to see her shaved and after a few more times she found she really enjoyed the experience. Of course the main reason he liked to shave her was so that her pussy was clearly visible in his porno pictures!

"Me, a porno star!" she thought to her self.

Taking pictures had become a regular thing during Richard's visits. Mary recollected the very first time and how shy she had felt as Richard encouraged her to undress for his camera. Gradually, as she got used to the idea, she found that she enjoyed being his porno model. It turned her on seeing his excitement as she posed for him. She still felt shy each time he asked her to open her legs but the shyness soon passed as her pussy got wet!

Richard had told her that when he was back home he would regularly look at his pictures of her and wank. Whenever he told her this it made her feel very sexy.

Eventually Mary managed to get some sleep and, before long it was morning and time to get out of bed.

As she headed for the shower, Mary started to feel excited, knowing that later that morning she would be in Richard's hotel room. She stood under the hot shower running her soapy hands all over her body reminding herself that the next time she had a shower it would be Richard's soapy hands that would be caressing her naked body.

She had intended to wear the sexy red underwear today but at the last minute she changed her mind. She somehow knew that Richard would want her to dress in the latest sexy underwear that he had brought with him on his previous visit. 

Mary remembered back to that last time she had dressed in it. The way in which the long bodice of black lace fastened all down the back encasing her like a corset. She remembered the way her breasts were thrust up provocatively by the clever design of the bra cups. When she had first worn it she remembered feeling as though her breasts were almost falling out of the bra as it only just covered her nipples!

Then there were the panties! They only just covered her pussy leaving only a thin string to cover (cover?) her arse.

So she just wore her usual underwear knowing that it would certainly be changed later in the morning.

She remembered how sexy the underwear made her feel and she was now anticipating how she would soon be wearing it again.

The journey to the hotel went past in a blur and soon she was outside the door to his room, nervously ringing the bell. She was not sure why she was nervous but she always felt like this on the first morning of his visits.

The door opened and he stood there smiling at her. She quickly entered and, before he could even close the door, they were hugging each other in a strong embrace.

Their lips met and they kissed urgently and noisily, oblivious to the cleaning ladies that were watching them through the partly open door.

They paused to take a breath and Richard took the opportunity to close the door and shut off the prying eyes outside in the corridor.

He held her at arm's length for while and she could feel his lustful gaze sweeping up and down her body. Richard also noticed Mary's eyes swiftly notice the bulge in his trousers! 

Soon they were hugging and kissing again and holding each other close. Mary loved to be held tightly by Richard. She could feel his stiff cock pressing against her and she could not resist pushing him away a little so that she could run her hand down the front of his body and feel the stiff cock that was ready for her beneath his trousers.

After the initial frenzied hugging they sat down and talked for while. Mary was leaning against him with her head resting on his shoulder and Richard had his arm casually around her shoulders. Mary thought how good it felt as she snuggled up against him. To start with they just talked about various topics and things that had happened since his last visit. As they talked Richard caressed her ear and shoulder. Soon his hand moved down to Mary's breast, giving it a playful squeeze. Mary looked up into his eyes and they kissed passionately. She enjoyed the feeling as Richard pushed his tongue into her mouth. With their mouths still firmly locked together, Mary felt Richard urgently unfastening her blouse.

Her blouse was soon undone and Richard's eager hand quickly found its way inside her bra to caress her breast. 

All of this urgent caressing was really turning Mary on and when Richard suggested they moved into the bedroom she was quickly on her feet and eager to go!

Mary smiled as they entered the bedroom because neatly laid out on the bed was the newest of the sexy underwear.

Mary also noticed Richard's camera already set up on its tripod.

She playfully asked, "are you expecting a porno model to pose for you?"

"I was hoping you would be my model again, yes" said Richard.

"I would love to," Mary replied, what would you like me to do?"

"I would like to start with you dressed in the sexy underwear underneath your blouse and skirt."

Richard went on to explain how he liked the contrast of the conservative looking blouse and skirt, which, when removed, would reveal the wild sexy underwear.

Mary picked up the underwear, including the black stockings and suspenders and went to the bathroom to change. As she was about to enter the bathroom she turned back to Richard and said, "do you want to shave me before I change?"

She felt excited and also blushed a little when he replied, "no, I want to strip you naked for the camera first and then photograph the shaving of your pussy!"

Mary nodded in agreement and entered the bathroom, closing the door behind her.

Mary managed to dress her self in the underwear. It was difficult to fasten the long bodice and to fix the suspenders but having done it a few times now with Richard's help she was pleased to find she could now do it on her own.

Mary looked at her self in the mirror and was pleased with her transformation. She carefully applied her makeup and then put the blouse and skirt on.

As she emerged from the bathroom Richard gave an appreciative whistle and told her how good she looked.

Mary was a little puzzled because Richard seemed a little hesitant to start taking the pictures.

She asked him if something was wrong.

He was silent for a moment and then said, "I was thinking back to when you performed for the 'Stiff Club'. I know you said it really turned you on to be the object of the other men's lust. I also enjoyed encouraging you, disguised as John and it thrilled me to realise how horny you made the other men feel as you performed for them."

Mary was still puzzled until Richard finally said, "How would you feel about doing something similar again?"

"I am not sure," said Mary, "it did turn me on but it felt strange doing those things on my own in front of a computer."

"How about if I was with you!" said Richard.

"Max and the others have been pleading with me to try and persuade you to do something again."

"Really!" said Mary.

"Really," said Richard, "They still talk about you and your wild performance and say you were definitely the sexiest women to have ever taken part!"

As Mary looked thoughtful, Richard was running his hands over her. Tracing the outline of her breasts that were being boldly pushed up by the sexy bra. He also traced the soft fabric of her stocking covered legs, moving his hand up her skirt until he felt the naked flesh of her thighs at the top of her stockings.

Mary was enjoying the sensations that Richard was giving her and was becoming intrigued by his proposition to give Max and his friends another show.

"How would we do this show?" she asked.

"Oh, that is easy," replied Richard. "I have a new lap top computer already connected to the broadband service in the room. My camera has a digital output and is connected to the computer. As I take the pictures of you the others can watch through the camera. As far as they are concerned it will work like a web cam but with better quality, giving them live moving images as I take your pictures!"

"So you want to do it now?" said Mary.

"Yes, the other guys are waiting on line but I have said that I will only do it if I have your full agreement. Just imagine Max and the others, already stiff with the expectation of seeing you!"

Mary could feel the same wild sensation come over her as it had before. She could feel that same wild urge again to perform for the other men. 

This time she realised they would not feel like strangers. She felt as though she knew them in some vague way.

"OK, said Mary, but if I change my mind and want it to stop I want you to promise me you will terminate the link"

"Of course my darling," said Richard.

"How would you feel if I was just the photographer and the others acted as directors, telling you how to pose and what to do?"

"MMMMMmmm," said Mary, "that could be fun."

"So are you ready for me to log on and set this up?"

"On one condition," said Mary; " I want you to be naked when we start so that I can see your stiff cock!"

Almost before she finished speaking Richard was quickly undressing. Mary stopped him when he had only his underpants left on and asked if she could remove them!

She stood in front of him and then slowly knelt on the floor. With a mischievous look in her eyes she reached up and felt the growing bulge. She moved her hand up and down the length and squeezed the shaft of his stiff cock. She then reached for the waistband and pulled the underpants down. Richard's stiff cock sprung out as it was freed from the confines of his underpants. He quickly stepped out of the pants and stood completely naked in front of her. Once more she gazed up into his eyes as she cupped his balls in her hand. With the other hand she gently started to stroke his stiff cock. Satisfied it was fully stiff she pulled back the foreskin, leaned forward a little and slowly took it into her mouth. She heard Richard give out a small pleasurable sigh, as she tasted his stiff cock. She licked all around the head, savouring the unique salty taste before reminding Richard of her newly acquired skill of taking all of his cock into her mouth. 

The feeling for Richard was fantastic as he watched and felt her mouth slowly devour his stiff cock until he felt the head of his cock in her throat and her lips up against his pubic hair.

After swallowing his cock a few times she withdrew it from her mouth and stood up kissing him firmly on the lips.

Mary excused herself for a moment and went back to the bathroom. She soon re-appeared and Richard noticed that she had put on some more lipstick to replace that, which was now smeared around the base of his cock.

The wild feeling was still with Mary and she realised that part of the reason that being watched by other men had turned her on was that she actually enjoyed teasing them. She liked to show them what they could not have!

"When do we start then!" she exclaimed.

As Richard walked over to the lap top computer and logged on to the web site Mary stood with him. She had her hand between his legs and was gently teasing his balls. He realised that she was in a very playful mood as she repeatedly made him jump by running a finger over his arse!

Mary noticed that Richard had been busy and there was already a set of small speakers set up in the room and a microphone.

As Mary watched the screen of the lap top computer she saw the live images of Max and some others appear on the screen. The images were arranged around a large blank rectangle in the centre of the screen.

She watched as Richard entered his password and then the large blank area in the centre of the screen changed and she could see the image from Richard's camera, which at the moment was just showing one of the walls of the room.

Mary felt a surge of excitement and nervousness as she realised that she would soon be displayed in the centre of the screen.

Before she could think any more, Richard turned toward the microphone and said, "Max, can you hear me OK?"

"Yes, loud and clear."

"Good," said Richard, "You will be pleased to hear that Mary has agreed to give you guys another show!"

Mary heard the men cheer loudly.

Richard continued, "she has agreed to be my model again this morning and let you guys share the experience through my camera."

Richard then asked Mary to stay standing where she was and then turned the camera round to face her. She saw her self appear on the screen and again the feelings of excitement and nervousness swept through he body.

Richard then spoke again. "Can you see Mary on your screens guys?"

"Yes thank you," she heard them say. 

The way in which Richard had positioned the camera and the lap top computer enabled Mary to see her self on the screen as she faced the camera.

Mary had not noticed at first, probably because she was feeling shy, but as she looked at the screen again she saw that there were four men including Max. The thing that really caught her eye was that each man already had his second camera activated and she could see the second images of each of the men showing the bulges in their underpants!

As she looked at the screen she heard Richard say, "This morning Mary wants you to share the experience of watching her being a model. She will be shy at first but if you are all nice to her and give her your compliments I am sure her shyness will go."

Mary was thinking to herself that not that long ago she was uncertain if she was bold enough to be a model for Richard in private. Now she realised that for the second time in a few weeks she was going to give a wild show for some strange men!

Although at this very moment she still felt uncertain she realised that, as before, the wild streak would take over and she would start to enjoy teasing these men.

Richard interrupted her thoughts as he moved from behind the camera, still completely naked, and came to stand behind her and said, "Gentlemen, under this conservative blouse and skirt Mary is wearing some very sexy underwear. Would you like to see it?"

It was a silly question really; of course they wanted to see it!

As he spoke to the men Richard boldly moved his hands all over her body in full view of the camera. He kissed her tenderly on her ears as he ran his hands over the front of her body. Soon he was caressing her breasts.

This action seemed to turn on the watching men. 

It seemed that Richard also liked to tease them.

Mary felt him reach for the top button of her blouse and tensed a little as she realised that this new wild game was starting for real. He unfastened the buttons one by one until they were all undone. He then teased the men by taking a long time to open the front of her blouse to reveal the sexy black lace that encased her body. Gradually he revealed her to them. Slipping the blouse from her shoulders and then pulling it of completely.

Richard moved away and took his position behind the camera again. As he moved away Mary could hear Max and the others.

"Wow you look sexy," said Max.

The others complimented her on how sexy she looked with her breasts pushed up so provocatively.

"OK", said Richard to Mary, "now the guys will be the directors, you the model and me the camera man.

"Pose for me and the guys, Mary," said Richard, push you chest out and feel proud of your breasts."

Mary did as he asked, looking directly into the camera as she thrust her breasts out. 

"You look fabulous," said Richard, "I am sure all the guys would love to be able fondle your breasts.

As Richard spoke the camera flashed as he took pictures of her.

Part of her had almost blanked out the fact that the other men were watching. She knew that they were there, and could see that one or two were stroking their bulging underpants as they looked at her. 

Her main focus of attention was on Richard, or, more specifically, his stiff cock!

Far from feeling shy any more she was really enjoying all of the attention and more than anything wanted to please Richard and turn him on.

She was soon reminded of the others that were watching when Max said, 

"You look even more sexy than last time! Lean toward the camera Mary; let's see how sexy your breasts look in the black lace. "

Mary slowly leaned forward, conscious all of the time that her breasts felt as though they would fall out of the bra.

Eventually she was bent over at the waist, with her head held high, knowing that her breasts were almost fully exposed.

The camera flashed some more as Richard took more pictures.

She heard the others comment on her figure and was flattered as one of the others said, "Mary, I did not see your original performance but I am feeling impatient to see those lovely looking breasts."

One of the others then said, "Mary, you have made my cock stiff already as I imagine slipping my hand inside your bra to have a feel of your tits!"

"OK," said Max, that was great." Now stand up and remove your skirt!"

Mary glanced across to Richard as if to seek permission. Richard nodded to her.

Mary stood up still looking directly at the camera; she reached for the fastening of her skirt and undid it. She then wriggled her hips and the skirt slowly fell to the floor to reveal her sexy stockings and the tiny black lace panties.

Richard had to quickly reduce the loudness from the speakers as the men all whistled and cheered their appreciation.

Mary quickly stepped out of the skirt and stood proudly with her legs very slightly apart and smiling to the camera.
