 Mary knew that she would have the house to herself tonight because her family had left earlier that day to visit relatives in the south. It was this knowledge that she would be alone in the house that had set her mind thinking about the stiff club. It had been a long time since she had performed for them on her web-cam. She still could not really believe that she had acted so wildly for these strangers but the idea of feeling very wild but safe and anonymous behind her camera still excited her.

All day long she tried to deny to herself that she was ready to perform again but deep down inside she knew that she would.

Mary was eager to finish work and get home. Even as she was unlocking the door to her home she her wild excitement growing. How could she be so turned on by the thought of showing her self to strangers she thought?

It was crazy.

Richard's fault! She smiled to herself.

After all, it was him who had liberated her wild side and planted the original idea in her head that it might be exciting to let men watch her as she masturbated!

When Richard had first suggested the experiment some time back, she had initially thought she could not do it. She was also convinced that even if she could do it, it would not be a great turn on.

How wrong she had been! That first time in front of her web-cam she had somehow felt liberated. 

As Mary now undressed and prepared to have a shower, she remembered back to that first occasion. She remembered how the men had flattered her, her excitement as she watched them remove their trousers to show her their bulging cocks.

She felt her self being turned on now as she remembered their encouraging and lustful comments as they persuaded her to strip.

She remembered how she had blushed the first time she sat in a chair in front of the camera in her sexy red underwear. She vividly remembered them exposing their stiff cocks to her and starting to wank as they encouraged her to remove her bra and tease them with glimpses of her naked breasts and feeling incredibly horny and flattered in the knowledge that she was turning them on.

Finally she remembered their crude shouts and compliments as, now completely naked, they finally persuaded her to open her legs wide and finger herself.

By now she was actually naked and under the shower. The hot water cascading down over her naked breasts. One hand was already gently rubbing her pussy as she thought back to those wild moments in front of her computer.

Mary had become quite skilled now in shaving her pussy. 

She had surprised Richard on his last two visits when he had stripped her naked and discovered her pussy, baby smooth around her minge lips and neatly trimmed above them.

Mary stood back from the flowing water and rubbed some soap around her pussy. She then reached for her razor and squatted with her legs apart. As she started to shave away the short hairs that had started to grow back, she thought of her King and how he would have really enjoyed doing this task for her.

Mary had also started to keep a hand mirror in the bathroom and after she had washed off the soap and pussy hair she reached for the mirror and squatted down again, holding the mirror between her legs to check. As she looked at her pussy's reflection in the mirror she ran her free hand over it. It felt smooth.

Mary also liked the way her pussy pouted like somebody's lips getting ready to kiss!

She finished her shower and wandered into her bedroom. Almost subconsciously she found herself putting on the sexy red bra and matching panties. She checked herself in the long mirror. Unlike a few years ago, she now liked what she saw. She knew that Richard thought she was very sexy and the men at the Stiff Club had left her with no doubt as to how sexy they found her!

She did not bother to put any outer clothes on. She just applied her brightest red lipstick and then carefully applied the rest of her makeup.

She walked through to the computer room and pulled a chair up in front of her computer as she switched it on.

She checked her e-mails and answered some official ones for work. It amused her as she typed her official replies to think of the mostly male recipients and how they might react if they could see her now in just her sexy underwear!

MMMMMmmm, she thought, with a mischievous grin on her face, might even cause some stiff cocks!

As Mary sat at her computer she started to imagine that Richard was there with her. She knew that if he was really with her there was no way that her e-mails would have been answered! She imagined him checking her over in her sexy underwear. She closed her eyes and saw a vivid image of his stiff cock bulging out of his underpants. 

If only he was here with me now, she thought, we would be fucking and he would be satisfying all of my lust filled desires.

Of course all of these wild imagined images only succeeded in increasing her need for sex. All day long she had been thinking wild thoughts and she needed to relieve her sexual tension.

Mary stood up and walked around the room. She glanced at her reflection in a mirror a few times and felt her self-confidence grow. She felt in the right frame of mind to be wild once more for the men of the Stiff Club!

Unlike the first time when she had felt very, very shy, her self-image and confidence in her sex appeal had grown each time she performed for them. She remembered the last time she had performed for the men and still blushed a little when she remembered that she had felt bold and greedy and had invited 16 men to watch and wank! She remembered how sexy she had felt knowing that all 16 men had shot their spunk for her!

Mary's thoughts returned to the present as she prepared her web cam and computer.

She placed the chair and camera in a perfect position to capture her full image and logged on to "The Stiff Club."

The familiar home page came up on the screen and Mary signed in.

Just as she was about to click the icon "Tonight's Ladies" she noticed a new area. This new area read, "Special event."

Mary, inquisitive as usual, clicked on the special event icon and the screen changed to a new page.

The first page was an introductory page with pictures and text. The text explained that the Stiff Club had hired a large room at a local hotel and they wanted ladies who wished to experience being "gang banged" to volunteer!

Mary's eyes were immediately drawn to the pictures. Each picture was similar in that it showed a naked woman with a group of men. Mary clicked on each image in turn to enlarge it. As the first image filled the screen she was surprised at the appearance of the woman. She did not look like the usual 20 to 25 years old porno star, she looked-----------Mary paused and looked again; she looked "normal". She looked like any of the mums you might see around the local school. The big difference was that you did not usually see any of the mums around the school in a hotel room, almost naked and surrounded by a group of half dressed men!

The men were in various stages of undress. Some were dressed only in their underpants, others with a towel wrapped around their waist and others completely naked. One thing they all had in common was that they all had stiff cocks!

Mary looked closely at the woman's face. She looked like she was really enjoying herself as she undressed for them.

The last Picture showed the woman sitting naked amongst the men. She was holding a metal tray on which there were 6 condoms full of spunk!

There was some text attached to the picture that read, "this is Suzanne, she is a 40 years old house wife and mother. Suzanne applied to the stiff club because she had always been fascinated by the 'gang bang' experience. This was her first time and the 6 men were soon excited as they persuaded her to strip naked for them! Suzanne had felt shy and a little ashamed as the men helped her to remove her panties and open her legs. She could feel all of them gazing at her exposed pussy. This was the first time anyone other than her husband had seen her pussy. Her shyness and shame soon disappeared when the men started to kiss and caress her body. Suzanne's pussy was soon very wet and she was begging the men to fuck her! As her favourite position was 'doggy', the men positioned her in a kneeling position and took turns to fuck her from behind. Despite her earlier shyness Suzanne had a big orgasm whilst she was being fucked by the fourth man. Suzanne was fucked by all 6 men!"

Partly shocked but also intrigued, Mary closed the picture and clicked on the next. The new large image filled the screen. The woman looked similar to the last one. She was about 35 to 40 years old. "Small tits," Mary thought to her self, "much smaller than mine!" 

This woman was lying on a bed completely naked. Sitting on the bed either side of her were two naked and handsome men. The woman's legs were bent at the knee and being held wide apart by each man holding one of her legs. It did not look as though she was being forced. In fact Mary could clearly see the smile on her face as she held 

her pussy wide open for the enjoyment of the rest of the naked men who were all gathered at the end of the bed looking!

The men were obviously enjoying gazing at the woman's pussy as they all appeared to be wanking!

Mary thought about what she had just seen. The images still fresh in her mind. She wondered how these women could take part in such wild sex like that? 

She tried to imagine what it must feel like to be naked in front of so many men. She imagined how shy she would feel if she was the woman with her legs being held wide apart, showing her pussy to all of the wanking men. Questions, more questions filled her mind. What must it feel like to have those men look and even touch your naked body?

Mary concluded that it must feel degrading to be used like that.

The contradiction to her conclusion was that Mary felt excited as she looked at the images. So excited that she could feel her pussy getting moist!

Once more her curiosity took her over. She clicked on the next image. 

Mary recognised the same woman from the previous picture. Now she was alone, completely naked and lying with her legs apart. The picture was very direct and hardcore, showing her pussy with spunk dribbling out of it. As Mary studied the picture further she realised that all of the men must have cum on her or in her! The woman was covered in spunk! It was all over her face, her tits, her belly, every where. The one constant feature was that she was still smiling. 

Accompanying the picture was some text that read, "This is Linda, she is 38 years old, married with one child. This is her second experience with the Stiff Club. Linda had requested that she wanted to be used by as many men as possible after enjoying 3 men last time. As you will have seen from the first picture Linda enjoys arousing the men by freely showing of her pussy. Linda fingered her self; making her wet pussy drip with juice, as the men watched and their lust grew. 

Linda's favourite position is also 'doggy' but she had requested to experience more than one cock at once. She knelt on the bed and the men took turns behind her and at her mouth. Linda managed to satisfy 12 men with her mouth and pussy. As you can see from her last picture she drained them all of their spunk!"

Mary's imagination was going crazy. She tried to imagine what the woman had experienced but found it almost impossible because it was outside of Mary's own experience.

Mary did have success in trying to imagine what it would have felt like for the woman as she undressed for the men. 

She remembered the first time Richard had undressed her. She remembered her own self doubt about her body and what Richard would think. She remembered the sexual tension as Richard had gazed down on her dressed only in her underwear, knowing that he would soon want to remove the remaining items and finally see her naked body. She re-lived the shy but erotic moment when, finally naked, she had looked into Richard's eyes and seen his lust. 

The next erotic memory to enter her mind was the first time Richard had kissed her pussy. The shyness she had felt as his head disappeared between her legs, knowing that her pussy was fully exposed to his lustful gaze.

This had been the start of her sexual liberation and education.

Richard had encouraged her to admit to her wild desires and fantasies, and to enjoy them. 

Mary now felt much more self confident and, as she sat there in front of her computer she realised how wild she had become. The new wild Mary now enjoyed showing herself to strangers on the Internet!

Mary felt a familiar wave of excitement rush through her body as she remembered the first time she had performed for the "Stiff Club."

She had had no intention of going as far as she did. She only signed on out of curiosity and had intended to log off as soon as any of the men started to put pressure on her to undress. Somehow though, her wild side had taken over. She remembered her surprise at how excited and sexy she had felt when the men all complimented her. She enjoyed the feeling of being their collective fantasy and knowing that they all wanted to see her naked.

She also remembered how sexy and naughty she had felt when Richard had helped her perform to the "Stiff Club" from his hotel room. As usual she had been full of doubt as Richard suggested they perform together in front of the web cam. Now she felt horny as she remembered how Richard had pulled down her panties and slapped her bum knowing that the "Stiff Club" had a perfect view.

As Mary remembered her wild education, she started to realise that the women in the pictures she had just viewed were only taking the next logical step from performing in front of their web-cams. That next step was to perform live in front of the "Stiff Club" members!

Mary's mind was racing with conflicting thoughts and wild ideas. She could not deny that seeing the images of those women had excited her a lot. The last image was still clear in her mind of the woman covered with spunk. She tried to imagine the wild atmosphere in that hotel room as that woman had been the focus of all of the men's lust. 

She somehow felt the need to take the next step but realised it was a very big step!

In her room in front of her web-cam she felt safe and secure. The men were remote and she felt in control. If she were actually in a room with the men----------------------------------: Mary paused as she thought about it. She tried to imagine the emotions that she would feel. The only thoughts that filled her mind were two words, vulnerable and unsafe. 

Despite these thoughts Mary still felt a wild urge in the back of her mind. 

At the bottom of the page of pictures was an invitation. 

It read: - "Lady members, are you ready to participate in our special event? If the answer is yes, or even maybe, please click on this link."

As curious as ever, Mary clicked on the link.

A new page opened.

At the top of the page was an introductory paragraph that read, "Ladies, if it is your first event we know you have doubts about taking that next step. We would like to reassure you that all of the men taking part have been carefully selected and, although you will be outnumbered you are the boss! 

How? You might be thinking. Well, all of our events are run using strict rules. The most important of which is that if the lady says NO at any time, the men must respect her decision to stop or not do something she objects to. All of our invited guests understand these rules and they are upheld at every event by a referee that takes no part in the actual party."

Mary read this and it seemed to help her to move forward to the next part. After the introductory paragraph was another sentence which read, " Ladies if you wish to continue please complete the questionnaire on the next page."

At this stage if any one had asked Mary if she was going to go through with attending this event she would have instantly said, "no, of course not!"

But, deep inside her head, Mary already knew she would! Her curiosity always landed her in trouble.

She clicked the icon for the next page and the screen changed to what looked like an application form.

Mary quickly glanced at the questions, which were very direct and straight to the point. Mary felt that feeling of being naughty again, very naughty, which excited her, as she set about filling in the form.

Once she had answered all of the questions she read back what she had written: -

Stiff club member? Yes

Name: Mary

Age: 38

Weight: 47Kg

How many men have you had sex with? Two

Do you enjoy having you tits licked and played with? Yes

Do you enjoy having you pussy licked? Yes

Do you masturbate? Yes

What do you use? Fingers

Have you ever tried any other cock type object in your pussy? Vibrator and once even tried a cucumber!

Have you sucked a cock? Yes

Do you like the taste of spunk? Yes

Have you ever swallowed the spunk? Yes

Have you ever been fucked in the arse? Yes

If yes, was it: - 

a. Once?

Or, b. Many times? Yes

Have you ever had sex with more than one man? No

If no, have you ever thought about it? Yes

Are you ready to try?

As she read through her answers Mary realised how much she had learned about wild sex. "Had she really done all of those things," she thought to herself?

That last unanswered question kept staring back at her from the screen.

She already knew the answer but was hesitant about writing it. She felt as though she could keep denying her wild fantasy until she wrote it on the screen. She knew that as soon as she answered that last question she would no longer be able to deny to herself that her deepest, wildest and strongest desire was to be the focus of lust for a group of men. To feel the powerful, animal like sensations of their sexual desires and needs. She wanted to experience being responsible for their collective spunk!

To see and feel them all cum as they all lusted for her!

Mary was trembling with nervousness as she typed her final answer: YES!

As she finished typing and pressed the enter key a message came onto the screen which said, "Your application has been sent please wait for further instruction."

Only a few minutes later a reply appeared on her screen.

It read, "Dear Mary, most of the men that have seen you perform on your web cam are here at the hotel and would love to experience you for real!

You maybe surprised to know that we have been inundated with requests from ladies to take part in our event.

Therefore, we have to be sure not to waste any time with ladies who will not submit to the lust of our men!

If you are sure you want to take part please come to the Sweet Mountain Hotel executive suite room 1725 and follow these instructions:

You must arrive wearing a raincoat or overcoat that will conceal the fact that you are only wearing your bra and panties underneath!

To ensure that you are serious in your request, when you arrive at the room you will be asked to do a sexual task as a test. If you complete the task satisfactorily you will be invited to join us for some fun!

Looking forward to seeing you soon, 

Max. XXXXX"

Mary felt as though she was being drawn to the hotel by some strange force. Her wild side was taking over her brain. In her mind there was no further debate as to if or even when she would go to the hotel. Before putting on her long coat she checked herself in the mirror, running her hands over her tits and then down to the pussy bulge in her panties. For a split second she allowed herself to imagine that the caressing hands belonged to one of the lusty men in the hotel. Even in this wild mood she was surprised how the thought excited her.

She pulled on the coat and fastened the buttons, concealing the fact that she was half-naked underneath.
