 When Richard had first suggested the idea to Mary that she should try to imagine other men watching her when she masturbated, she was not convinced that it would excite her.

Some weeks past by until one weekend she found herself alone in the house. All that day she had been feeling horny but also very tired. She decided to take advantage of the quiet house and take a quick nap. 

The weather was particularly hot and as she entered her bedroom she quickly stripped her outer clothes off. 

She then removed her bra and climbed into bed still wearing her panties.

Although hot she still pulled the bedclothes up to her chin as she lay in the bed on her back.

Closing her eyes she thought how tired she felt and started to drift off to sleep.

She probably did sleep for five minutes or so but the horny mood started to take over and she was soon wide-awake. She started to think about her lover and the beautiful sex they experienced together.

Mary imagined that he was there in room with her, not in bed, but watching her from a distance. She imagined his lustful eyes and, as she imagined this, she started to pull the bedclothes off of her body and expose her naked breasts. She imagined him complimenting her and encouraging her as she started to play with her nipples. 

As Mary started to arouse herself she remembered what he had suggested about other men watching. 

With her eyes closed she could already see him gazing lustfully at her naked breasts, but as she allowed her mind to wander she started to imagine other shadowy figures gazing at her naked breasts with lustful looks in their eyes. 

Mary was surprised at how real it suddenly felt. She felt a sudden urge to cover her breasts and hide them from the lustful stares of these other men. 

She laughed softly to herself as she realised how strong her imagination was. She felt as though she was suspended somewhere between reality and a dream world. 

More importantly, she also realised how naughty this felt and how excited she was feeling at being the centre of attention to these make believe horny men!

Mary resumed caressing her naked breasts. Her mind focussed once more on her audience and her lover.

She imagined that Richard was encouraging her further as she heard him say,

"Tease your lovely nipples Mary. Let the men see how stiff they get"

Although it was imaginary, part of Mary started to feel that the men were really there, lusting after her, wanting to touch her.

She squeezed her nipples between her thumbs and fingers, pulling and teasing them, feeling her body respond to her touch.

The image in her mind started to become clearer and soon she could see that Richard and the others were dressed in just their underpants. 

It appeared as though everywhere she looked in her room there were men with large bulges in their underpants gazing lustfully at her as she played with her breasts.

Mary's feeling of lust were much stronger than usual and she could hear Richard saying, "Kick the bed clothes off Mary. Let us all see you in just your panties."

Feeling as though she was hypnotised, Mary kicked away the bedclothes allowing the imaginary men to see her panties. 

She could feel that she was already very wet. More feelings of pure lust swept through her body as she moved one of her hands down between her legs.

She could hear Richard again saying, "rub your pussy Mary, feel how wet you are, make yourself cum!"

Mary moved her fingers over her wet panties, pushing the wet cloth against her moist pussy. 

She moved her hand, rubbing herself nearer and nearer to an orgasm. The image of the men were becoming even more vivid as she saw them all rubbing their bulges. The whole room was wanking! Everywhere she looked she could see the lustful eyes focussing on her busy hand that was rubbing her pussy. The owners of those lustful eyes busily rubbing stiff cocks beneath the covering of their underpants.

"I know what you want," thought Mary, "You all want to see my pussy, you want to see my moist minge, my fingers in my wet sexy cunt!"

As the first wave of her orgasm swept through her body Mary opened her legs and pulled her panties to one side. She imagined she could see the many pairs of lust filled eyes gazing between her legs. She could feel their collective lust focussed on her wet minge. She wanted them to see as she began to start thrusting a finger into her pussy, imagining that all the lust filled eyes wanted to finger her, to fuck her, to satisfy her, to satisfy themselves!

Mary's orgasm was one of the strongest she had ever experienced. As it passed she pulled the bedclothes up to cover her body, suddenly feeling naked and shy.

As she lay there she was filled with a mixture of emotions realising that the fantasy of being watched by other men had, much to her surprise, really turned her on. 

As the weeks went past Mary experimented a few more times with this fantasy. Each time she had a powerful orgasm as she imagined her male audience lusting after her. She was surprised at how much she enjoyed these imaginary scenes. Strangely, as she remembered back to each occasion she actually embarrassed herself at how wild her thoughts had been.

Particularly, she thought, the last time, only a few days ago. She actually blushed as she remembered how wild she had been.

She remembered stripping completely naked for her imaginary audience and then, as she imagined all of them naked and wanking, she had spread her legs wide to let them all see her moist minge. She had even used both hands between her outstretched legs, using the fingers of each to pull her moist pink lips wide open for her imaginary audience. 

On this last occasion she had imagined she was the sexy image in some kind of porno picture that the men used to arouse themselves with. She imagined that this porno picture was somehow alive and the model followed the desires and lustful needs of the men who were wanking. 

Mary was becoming fascinated by how much these wild fantasies were turning her on. 

During those rare moments when she had time to herself, she would sometimes consider if she could take the fantasy further and actually have a sexual experience for real with Richard and other men. 

Although she thought about it quite regularly, Mary always concluded that she could never do it for real. However although her conclusion was always the same she could not get the horny ideas and images from her mind.

One day, during lunchtime at work, Mary was remembering a conversation she had with Karina, a colleague, about a web-site for broadminded ladies. She decided to check out the web-site "justgirls.com" again.

She logged on and decided to explore the site more thoroughly. After only a short time she realised that the site was much bigger than she had originally thought. As well as the chat room where she had discovered Karina's fantasy there were many others. 

As she idly clicked around site with her mouse she saw a chat room that was entitled, 

'Stiff Club,' 'for gentlemen and open minded ladies.'

Mary was curious, (as usual!) and clicked the "enter" icon.

The page refreshed and as Mary started to read its contents she felt an unexpected surge of excitement.

It read: - 

'We are small groups of selected men who need open minded lady volunteers.'

She continued to read.

Question: - 'Ladies, would you take off your clothes in public?'

Answer: - 'No'

Question: - 'Would you take your clothes off for a stranger?'

Answer: - 'No'

Question: - 'Would you take your clothes off in front of a web-cam?'

Answer: - 'I am not sure tell me more!'

Mary, as curious as ever, clicked the icon next to the 'I am not sure tell me more' answer.

The page refreshed once more and Mary started to read it.

It read: -

'If you have ever been curious about what it might feel like to have men lust after you then this is the place for you!

All you need is a web-cam and Yahoo Messenger.

You must first either: -

1. Submit a photograph of your self, fully clothed, to the site. Or,

2. Log on with your web cam any time after 8pm.

Once you are accepted, you choose the men participants.

Mary thought this whole idea crazy and, as her lunchtime was nearly over she logged off.

Although she was quite busy and had already decided that the web-site was crazy, she could not get the idea out of her head. 

During the afternoon her husband telephoned a to tell her that some minor emergency had happened with a relative and he was taking the children and his parents away to the south for a day or so.

That evening, when Mary returned home, her thoughts continued to be fascinated by the web-site she had seen at lunchtime.

She originally had no intention of returning but, as if drawn by a strong fascination, she found herself sitting in front of her computer and logging on to the 'Justgirls.com' web-site again.

A few clicks later and she was into the 'Stiff Club' page.

For a moment she was not sure what to do but then saw an icon called 'Tonight'.

She clicked it.

As the new page appeared she could see it consisted mainly of web cam images.

The page was divided into large squares and each square had a Ladies name. 

She noticed that at the top of each square was an image of a lady. Next to that were images of men. The number of men in each square was different. In some squares there were only 2 men but in others there were more than 10. Mary was puzzled as to what it all meant.

As Mary was looking at the page she noticed a small icon labelled, 'new ladies click here'

As usual Mary was very curious and clicked on the icon.

A new page appeared and it read: - 

'Explanation of previous page for New Ladies.'

'We assume you are new here and curious as to how this site works. Read on and you will find out!

It read; on the previous page each lady has her own square. The men that share her square all have one thing in common. They like the lady's appearance and fantasise about seeing her naked! 

All of the men in her square are already logged on and their web-cams are live. When the lady logs on, she will invite the men she likes the look of to join her in a web meeting.

If you have any questions please use the instant message service at the bottom of this page.' 

Mary's curiosity was still strong and although she found the idea of using this site very strange, it still somehow excited her. She decided to ask some more questions as suggested via the instant messenger service.

Q. "Do all the ladies have to strip completely naked?

A. "No, it is entirely the ladies choice. 

Q. "How secure is the site?"

A. "As secure as Yahoo Messenger."

Q. "How do the ladies know when to strip and what to do?"

A. "Most participants use the audio link as well as the video and the men like to tell the lady what to do"

Mary signed off.

Although she had many tasks to do for work and around the house, she could not get the idea of the web-site out of her head. 

She had been feeling horny all day, and, as well as having weird fantasies about the web site she had also been thinking of Richard.

Mary decided to take a shower. She quickly stripped off and went to the shower. As the hot water flowed over her body her horny mood increased. She closed her eyes and rubbed the soap all over her body. She imagined it was Richard applying the soap and was soon enjoying the sensation of her soapy hands rubbing over her breasts and between her legs. She imagined what her naughty lover would do as she pushed a soapy finger into her arse. MMMMmmm, she thought, if only he was here now.

When she finally finished her shower she dried herself in front of the mirror and then walked naked back to her bedroom. As she started to sort her clothes out for tomorrow she came across the sexy red underwear she had bought for Richard's last visit. She remembered the game they had intended to play. Her, a first time prostitute and him, the client. She grinned to herself as she remembered how they had failed to play the game because of their urgent need for each other.

Without even realising what she was doing Mary started to dress in the sexy underwear. She then stood in front of the mirror and Imagined Richard gazing at her with his lustful eyes. She felt sexy as she imagined his eyes gazing appreciatively at the way the bra accentuated her breasts and then feeling his gaze move down over her soft belly to her red panties, knowing that he yearned for her pussy within.

Her thoughts then turned to what Richard would like her to wear on top.

That was easy she thought to herself, short black skirt and white shirt. She then applied her make up, finishing with bright red lipstick. 

Her appearance reminded her of the time she visited England and the exciting and wild time she had posing for Richard's naughty pictures. 

Although the time was 9:30 in the evening, Mary was now fully dressed as though she was going out to meet her lover.

Once more her thoughts returned to the web-site and although she was not ready to admit it to her self, she was subconsciously already convinced that tonight she wanted to try and be a 'New Lady' for the stiff club.

As if she was in some kind of trance, Mary went to the computer and turned it on. As the computer booted up she checked her make up and pulled up a comfortable chair. 

Once the computer was ready she activated the web-cam and adjusted it until her whole image was clear on the screen.

She felt nervous as she logged on to the web-site, like a schoolgirl about to do something naughty.

As the home page came up it somehow added to her nervousness but at the same time made her feel excited.

A few more clicks and she was on the 'tonight' page of the 'stiff club'.

She looked at the page for a while, noting that all the 'ladies' looked like everyday women. She guessed that they were all around the same age group, between 30 and 40 years.

One lady in particular attracted Mary's attention. Her screen name was Annie and she somehow reminded Mary of herself. In Annie's square 

There were 10 men. 

Mary tried to imagine the men, all waiting for Annie to come on line. As she watched, Annie's web cam image suddenly came online. Mary noticed immediately how Annie's expression was a mixture of shyness and naughtiness. 

Mary watched as 4 out of the 10 men's web-cam images disappeared from the screen followed by Annie's.

Mary realised immediately that Annie had chosen her audience and they were all now in a private web meeting.

Mary tried to imagine the situation from Annie's point of view. The wild excitement of sharing her room with these strangers but knowing she was completely safe and anonymous. 

Mary realised that the idea was exciting her and before she could resist the urge and stop her self she pressed the icon 'New Ladies'.

A small pop up appeared which said, "please enter screen name"

Mary typed 'Mary'.

The pop up disappeared and suddenly Mary realised she was on the 'tonight' page in her own square!!

She had never felt quite as nervous as this before and seeing herself live on the screen made her feel shy.

As she became accustomed to seeing her image on the screen her nervousness was gradually replaced by excitement.

She continued watching the screen and was startled as the image of a man suddenly appeared next to her in her square! This was swiftly followed by another man and then another. Soon there were 12 men sharing her square!

Mary was surprised at how quickly they appeared. She was also surprised that they all looked reasonably good looking.

She knew that the next step was to choose which men she wanted but she was very uncertain if she could or should continue.

She found this whole situation very strange. 

Nobody was forcing her to take part in this wild fantasy world of web-cams and horny men, but she felt the urge to carry on and try it.

She also admitted to herself that she felt flattered, realising that all these men in her box had one thing in common, they all wanted to see her strip and fantasise about fucking her!

As she sat there, uncertain what to do next, she started to remember the last few times she had lay on her bed masturbating. She remembered how strongly she had climaxed imagining that a group of men were watching.

As she remembered this last powerful orgasm, she subconsciously placed her hand over her pussy.

She already felt aroused as she made her decision.

"Yes", she thought, "I will choose maybe 4 of the men, the most handsome! and then see what happens next."

"After all, if I change my mind or don't like it, all I have to do is turn off the camera.

No risk, no actual contact, but could be a lot of fun!"

Mary looked at the men's images and quickly invited the 4 most handsome ones to a 'meeting'.

She felt very nervous as the screen changed and one by one the live web-cam images of the men appeared. 

She adjusted the volume control settings as they introduced themselves one by one.

When they had finished she was not sure what to do or say. She looked into the camera and said, "can you hear me?"

They all replied, "yes."

"OK, said Mary, nervously, my name is 'Mary' and I have never done anything like this before.

"That's OK," said one of them whose name was Max, "we will help and direct you".

Mary sat looking at the men's images on the screen. Four handsome, smiling faces, all looking at her.

Although she still felt very shy, the horny mood of earlier was still with her. 

All four men were talking to her, complimenting her on her appearance. The comments started very innocently, like, "you have an attractive face Mary, and a lovely smile."

Gradually though the comments started to change.

Max seemed to be the boldest and the ring leader and amongst the innocent comments from the others he interrupted by saying, "Mary, you look as though you have a nice figure, what size are your breasts?"

Mary blushed but smiled at the same time, knowing that as Max mentioned her breasts the other men would almost certainly all be focussing on them!

Although it made her feel shy, Mary realised that the men's sudden interest in her breasts was turning her on!

The men noticed her briefly glance down at her breasts before replying, "82B."

Now one of the others spoke, his name was John.

"Would you like to show us your 82B's, Mary?" he said. 

Mary blushed again, not quite sure how to react.

"Come on Mary," said John, "Just unfasten the top few buttons of your blouse and show us your bra to start with."

Mary knew that all she had to do to stop this crazy experience was to log off, but she didn't.

She looked at her computer screen and the four handsome faces staring back at her and then reached for the top button of her blouse. 

Although she still felt shy she could feel the wild streak inside her taking over. She looked directly at the camera, imagining it was Richard taking his porno pictures, and very slowly unfastened the top button.

When this was undone she paused, still looking directly at the camera.

"More, more," they all said, "show us your bra!"

Her fingers moved slowly and deliberately to the next button. Mary was already enjoying the tease.

She unfastened this next button and once more she paused.

Mary looked at their faces on her screen. She could already see the lust in their eyes. 

"Men!" she thought to her self.

The web-cam was mounted directly above her screen so as she looked directly into the camera it was as though she was looking directly at the men.

The images of the men's faces were arranged along the top of her screen. Below each image was a blank rectangle.

Mary assumed that if she had chosen more men that their images would be in these extra blank rectangles. 
