 "Hey, guys!" My wife Jean squealed as she caught site of our friends, Brian and Lisa, waiting in the Baggage Claim area on Sunday. She ran to them and threw her arms around Brian. As usual the two of them embraced bodies touching from shoulder to knee. As usual I saw Brian's hand land right below Jean's belt. Not far enough below to cause a scene, but it always annoyed me.

Jean had a super figure, D-cups for breasts, a nipped-in waist and a nice heart-shaped ass. Brian had always seemed to like to rub against it. More than once I had seen him 'accidentally' brush a hand across her breast or slide his groin across her butt as they passed in a small kitchen. Jean never made any reciprocal moves and many nights after several rubs by Brian, she would come to bed raring to go. I didn't ask her who she was having sex with those nights.

Lisa and I hugged collarbone to collarbone, hands on shoulder blades. Where Jean is full-figured, Lisa is svelte with average size boobs and a firm and, to my mind, skinny butt. All of this perched on slender legs made her look smashing in a bikini.

The women hugged briefly while Brian and I shook hands.

The four of us had met about twenty-five years ago when Brian and I were hired on the same training program for a Fortune 100 company. We had gone through the training together. Our wives had had their first offspring about the same time. Although each of us had left that company and moved to new jobs and promotions, we had kept in touch. Now our younger child had left for college and their younger child was leaving in the fall.

On Tuesday we were sitting in front of the gas log fire after watching the night late news. The ski condo which we had rented for the week was nice and comfortable.

"Wasn't that horrible about that girl?" Jean asked. Each couple had a college-age daughter, so the report on the 11 o'clock news of a girl dying from a date-rape drug overdose here in Park City hit close to home. 

"I didn't realize how dangerous the drugs were. I thought they were like getting really drunk," Lisa commented.

"Well," Brian started. "Rohypnol, 'roofies' I think is the slang term, is a sedative. If a guy gives her an extra dose accidentally combined with enough alcohol I guess it could be deadly."

"How do you know so much," Jean queried.

"A few years ago they had a lecture at the high school about safe dating. I went, but Lisa wasn't able to go. They talked about all the drugs. They gave pointers, like not taking drinks from strangers, watching as drinks were mixed, carrying your own drink around all the time. It was pretty comprehensive."

This is why we liked to get together with Brian and Lisa. Our interests were similar and we could talk about anything. After we both left our original company, we were in different parts of the country and only saw each other when business trips brought us close. However, about seven years ago, we decided to go skiing together. It had really been fun and turned into an annual event. About five years ago a summer beach trip was added, so now we saw them twice a year.

The ski trips had been all over the West. The beach trips were Gulf Coast destinations. Since we lived in Houston, they would fly in and then we'd drive together from there. 

We had been as far east as Gulfport, Mississippi. That trip, last year, had been memorable because I had gotten looped one night. I had started singing old songs at the top of my lungs, making gross jokes and in general being obnoxious before falling asleep across our bed completely dressed. The next day I had the worst hangover I could ever remember. Jean had been really pissed. When I got up, I discovered that Jean had been so mad that she slept on the couch in the sitting area of our joint suite. Things were frosty that day, but I put on my best 'contrite husband' demeanor and by the following day she had forgiven but not forgotten.

None of us were black diamond skiers. I mean, how many ski slopes do you know near Houston? Brian and Lisa lived in Phoenix and could drive to slopes within a few hours, but they didn't. We guys did the intermediate slopes hard and the girls did the blue slopes easy. The week was mostly for company and fun.

Fridays, the last day on our vacations, had developed into a ritual. The wives would go shopping. The husbands would do a guy thing. This time the guys were renting cross-country skis. We had planned a challenging tour, for us, of about fifteen miles.

When we gathered back at the condo that evening, all four of us were tired. We went out for dinner and downed two bottles of wine. The alcohol on top of the exertions of the day induced silliness worthy of teenagers. Of course we needed to cure this. So we made martinis.

By the time we mixed a second round of martinis, we had determined that there were no movies on the TV that we wanted to watch. The conversation had died down and we were listening to soft rock when Brian spoke up. "Let's play cards."

"Bridge?" Lisa remembered the all-night sessions we had before kids. She didn't sound like she wanted a repeat.

"Naw! That's for college kids. Let's play strip poker."

"I don't – " I started to kill this idea.

"Sure. Why not?"

Was that my wife talking? Although she had a terrific figure, she was somewhat shy. She didn't disguise her attributes, but she didn't flaunt them either. She never wore low necklines, even in evening dresses, and she wouldn't wear bras that would show her nipples. She'd wear really sexy underwear in our bedroom or in the hotel room during our weekend getaways, but out in public she wore industrial strength bras and plain cotton panties. In college she had worn bikinis, but the tops were always heavy-duty and the bottoms covered everything completely. Since kids it was strictly one-piece suits. Maybe the alcohol had gotten to her.

"Yeah! The girls'll beat the boys." Lisa wanted to play also.

"I'll deal." Brian had gotten a deck of cards and was shuffling.

"Wait. How many pieces of clothing has everyone got on?" Lisa was clarifying the situation.

The guys had on sweater, shirt, slacks, briefs, and socks. The girls had sweater, bra, slacks, panties, socks, and shoes. The girls ditched the shoes so we each had six items to lose.

Lisa lost the first hand, but the cards fell evenly around until we each had lost our socks. Jean lost the next hand and would have to show her bra. "You could lose your slacks and just show us your panties," I suggested helpfully. She has great legs, too.

"Uhh, no, I think the sweater." She pulled the sweater over her head. She was blushing as the sweater cleared her face.

I looked down and I could see why. Instead of the plain white cotton I expected, the bra was black and had a sheer mesh across the top half. You couldn't see her nipples, but crescents of her pink areolas were clearly visible.

"Lisa and I stopped at a lingerie shop. I was going to surprise you."

Well, I was surprised, but I wondered why she hadn't lost her slacks. Her panties wouldn't have shown anything. "It's a beautiful bra, and what's inside is beautiful, too."

"Here, here," seconded Brian. "Everybody drink up and I'll get another round."

The girls went off to do whatever they do in bathrooms together, and we fixed another batch of martinis. "How far do you think they'll go?" I asked Brian.

"A couple of years after we moved to Phoenix, we played strip poker with three other couples. Lisa got down to her panties before one of the other women chickened out. We never played since. What about Jean?"

"I don't know. I didn't even think she'd play tonight."

"Hey guys" Lisa called. "C'mon back in here sho we can shee some skin." She had had more than enough to drink.

I lost my sweater. Brian lost his sweater. Then Lisa lost. She teased us by lifting her sweater until we could see the bottom of her bra and then she dropped it. She stood and turned her back to us while slowly drawing the sweater over her head. I was expecting a racy bra like Jean's when she turned around. Instead it was a pretty champagne colored bra which exposed the upper slopes of her breasts, but no naughty bits. 

"Taa-daa," she exclaimed throwing her arms wide. Then she doubled over laughing when she saw my face fall. "Maybe next time," she giggled resuming her seat.

Brian lost his shirt and then Lisa lost again. Again she stood up.

"Did you like the show last time, Neil?"

"Hell, yeah," I nodded.

"You'll like it a whole lot more this time." She started twisting her hips in time to the music. She angled her body towards me. Although everyone else could see what she was doing, I had the full Monty view. She popped open the button on her slacks and pulled down the zipper part ways before pulling back up. The next time the zipper went all the way to the bottom and I could see the top of a pair of champagne-colored panties. She grabbed the sides of her slacks and pushed them down and then pulled back up two or three times. Finally, she pushed down and let them drop to the floor. Catching one leg with her foot, she flipped them towards me. Catching them distracted me until I heard Brian whistle.

"Look at that."

I looked back up and I saw that Lisa had turned around. The firm ass that I had admired in clothes was revealed by the g-string that she wore.

"I wanted to surprise Brian, too."

"I am surprised, honey. But I'm proud of that firm ass." He patted her butt as she came back to sit at the table. I figured that was why Jean hadn't skimmed off her slacks. She didn't want to show her butt to everyone.

I lost next. I was wearing a pair of knit boxer briefs under my slacks. I was hard from looking at Lisa and thinking about Jean showing her boobs, even if they weren't completely exposed. I stood and skinned off my slacks. I started to sit back down.

"Hey," Jean said. "We want to see some boy butt."

I stood back up. I turned and shifted my hips in time to the music as I pulled up my shirt. Although I've developed a small paunch over the last twenty-five years, my butt was still pretty good because of my cycling each weekend. When I turned back around, I kept my shirttails up until Lisa had a good view of my hard-on under my briefs.

Jean finally lost again. She started to unbutton her slacks while sitting in her chair.

"Uh-uh," Lisa smirked. "Stand-up and give us the full treatment."

Jean's Nordic complexion turned crimson, but she stood and moved away from the table. She started swaying to the music, but her nervousness made her movements jerky instead of smooth like Lisa's. Her zipper went down and up several times. I glimpsed a black elastic band at the top of her panties. Finally, on the fourth or fifth try the zipper stayed down, but she held the slacks so that the opening wasn't wide.

She grabbed the waistband and started pushing the slacks down and pulling them back up, but she still didn't let the front opening widen. Finally she seemed to take a deep breath and pushed down on the slacks letting them fall to the floor. She didn't have a g-string on. She had on transparent panties. We could all see her blond bush. We could also see that she was wet in between and a dark pink line split her pussy lips. She almost jumped back into her seat.

I lost my shirt. Brian lost his slacks. If our luck didn't turn around, we would be naked before the ladies showed anything else. 

Lisa lost next. She reached between her breasts to the front closure of her bra. After a quick twist I could see a line of pale white skin from her neck down to her panties. The cups stayed in place.

"Hey,babe," Brian called. "It's called strip poker not stay poker. The bra's gotta come off."

"Would you like to take it off?" She turned to me.

I looked at Jean who gave a small nod yes. I grasped a cup in each hand, my thumbs touching the warm inside slopes of her breasts. I pulled each cup to the side. I was trying to make it seem casual, but I wanted my thumbs to rake over her nipples. No luck, although I did feel the bumpiness of her areolas. She thrust her arms behind her. I let go of the bra and it slid down to the floor behind her.

Jean lost next. "Do you want to take off my bra," she asked, turning to Brian.

"Oh, yeah!" She was facing him and he had to reach around behind her for the hooks. When they were undone, he made no pretense of handling the bra. Instead he slipped his hands back to the front under her bra to fondle her tits. After fifteen or twenty seconds of movement behind the cups, his hands twisted and he pulled the bra off by pulling on it from inside. He pulled it all the way off and tossed it aside. I caught Jean's eyes. They had a wild look in them.

Jean also lost the next hand and thus would become the first to be nude.

"You've got to give us a show Jeannie," Lisa giggled. "You're almost nude anyway."

Jean got up and moved to one end of the room. This time when she started swaying it was graceful and sexy. She rolled her panties down slowly until they were a strip across the top of her thighs. Then she slowly rotated until her back was towards us. Hooking her thumbs in the panties, she pushed down until they fell about her ankles. She bent over straight-legged and held the sheer material as she stepped out of it, all the while swaying her ass from side to side. Finally standing back up, she tossed the gossamer over her shoulder to Brian. Turning around she gave a deep bow. I led the clapping.

"What do I do now?"

"You're out of the game. Sit there and look beautiful while we continue to play," instructed Brian.

Lisa lost next. She stood next to the table and started moving to the music. She too, rolled her panties down to the top of her thighs, but then she danced over to Brian. She pushed his knees apart and danced back into him. Then she lowered her butt and brushed it back and forth over his erection and his legs.

"Woo-hoo! You go girl," hollered Jean.

Brian put his hands on her hips. She playfully slapped them away. "You know the rules. No touching the dancers."

She danced away from him and danced over in front of me. Again she spread my knees and backed into me. She swished her butt across my chest and then slid down into my lap. I was glad I still had on my boxers. Without them, I'm sure she would have slid onto my pole. Even with the boxers, it felt very good to have her grinding in my lap. She seemed to spend more time in my lap, than she had in Brian's, but that might have been the alcohol and the surprise that she did anything like this with me. She danced away.

She hooked her thumbs in her panties, when Brian yelled out, "Stop! Doesn't Jean get any attention?"

"I don't –," Jean started to say.

"She should take your panties off – with her teeth," Brian ordered.

"Really, I don't think –" Jean started again. I knew Jean was uptight about girl-girl interactions. When we occasionally watched porn on the cable, she would always look away during the girl-girl scenes.

"Don't think. Just do it." Brian again ordered.

Lisa swayed over to Jean and waited.

Jean hesitated, then got up on her knees and bit the panties at one hip. She tugged them down several inches. Then she did the same at the other hip. Two more repetitions and the panties finally slid down to Lisa's ankles.

"You two look great together," Brian remarked as he and I clapped enthusiastically.

Now it was just the two of us guys. Brian dealt. I lost.

"Take it off. Take it off." Our wives chanted and clapped for me.

I moved to the center of the room. Fortunately, the radio was now playing a rock song that gave me a solid beat that I could hear. I began to bump and grind trying to act how I thought a male stripper would. My cock was hard and pushing the front of my boxers way out. My gyrations were causing it to bounce up and down and threatening to pop out too quickly. I turned my back to the group and slowly pushed my boxers down, exposing my butt. Lisa whistled.

I turned back around and pushed down my waistband an inch or so before pulling back up.

"Show us what you've got," Jean yelled.

I pushed my boxers back down until my short and curlies were showing, but still just covering my cock. I gyrated some more, but less forcefully so my cock stayed hidden. Finally I did several hard hip thrusts interrupted by bumps to the left and right. On the third combination my cock sprang free.

"Woohoo," called Lisa.

"Way to go, babe," followed Jean.

I pushed my boxers on down to the floor and took a deep bow followed by one more bump and grind.

When I sat back down, I purposely didn't pull my chair close to the table. Lisa was trying to stare at my cock without being obvious. I didn't think I was anything but average, but something new is always attractive. I slumped down in the chair, letting my cock stand up and keeping my paunch from hanging over it. Anyway, I was hard from seeing her and showing off my wife. Let Lisa look all she wanted.

"Why don't we play one last hand," Brian suggested.

"What's the sense? There's no clothes left to bet," complained Jean. 

"Well," responded Brian. "If I don't win, you get my shorts and all that's under them. If I win the loser has to perform a forfeit that I give them."

"O-kay! One last chance to see what's under there," Jean exclaimed.

As Brian dealt the cards, I saw he was trying to get my attention without the girls noticing. He was mouthing something. I couldn't make it out. 

"Lose." Finally, I understood. What was he planning? How could he be sure that he would win? If I lost, was he planning to embarrass me?

The martinis took over. I threw away a pair of jacks.

Brian won with a full house, tens over sevens. How did he do that? I lost.

"Well, damn! I was hoping one of the ladies would lose. Let me think. I know. Neil, you suck on Jeans nubs, two minutes each. Move to the couch so you'll both be comfortable and we can watch easily."

I wondered why he would pick such a tame forfeit. Jean moved to the couch and I moved to her side and leaned over to take a nipple in my mouth.

"No, no!" Brian said. "Stick your tongue out so we see it flicking her nipple. Like in a porno."

I moved around and leaned to her near nipple being sure to give Brian and Lisa a good view of the action. "Oohh nice." Jean moaned.

"That's so hot. I've never seen real people having sex before," Lisa exclaimed.

"What a pair of knockers," Brian commented as he moved to sit on a chair across from us.

I shifted to the other nipple. It was awkward leaning across her body but still exposing the tongue action. Jean shifted downward. I glanced down and saw her butt was on the edge of the couch and her knees were spread wide. My sedate wife was displaying her pussy for all to see. As I continued my tongue action, I glanced over and saw that Brian was staring at Jean as Lisa helped him take off his briefs. I switched back to the first nipple. As I did, I looked at Jean. She was staring at Brian.

"Do her third nub," Brian said hoarsely.

I was confused. I stopped and looked over at him.

"Her clit, her third nub; lick her pussy." 

Lisa was sucking and jacking Brian. I slipped to the floor and moved between Jean's legs to begin nibbling. "Oh god, oh god!" Jean exclaimed.

She tasted so sweet. I loved her smell and the feeling of her soft wet lips on my tongue, my lips, and my cheeks. Jean began to buck her hips slowly in my face. The novelty and excitement of this evening meant that she wouldn't take long to climax.

"They're doing it; they're doing it." Jean was chanting in time to her hip thrusts. I stopped and looked over my shoulder. Lisa was straddling Brian and pounding him pretty hard. I could still see Brian staring our way.

"Get in me," Jean commanded. I stood and pushed on Jean's shoulder to get her to lie down.
