 Mary was feeling very nervous as she prepared herself in the bathroom of Richard's hotel room. 

Could she go through with it she kept thinking to herself?

What had possessed her to suggest such a thing to Richard earlier?

Despite her nervousness and uncertainty, she felt very horny as she looked at her reflection in the mirror. She had done as Richard had suggested and put on the sexy underwear he liked so much. It was the black lace set that pushed her breasts up to accentuate them, barely covering her nipples. The panties were the 'g string' ones that only just covered her pussy.

Before pulling on the panties Mary had embarrassed herself by squatting in front of the mirror to look at her pussy!

"What am I doing," she thought to herself, but she knew exactly what she was doing. She was fascinated to see what a good job Richard had done shaving her pussy earlier! She looked at her reflection in the mirror and saw how prominent her pussy looked without any hair to hide it. The only hair left was just above; the rest of her pussy was bare and smooth. She watched in the mirror as she reached down and touched herself, running her fingers lightly over her freshly shaved, baby smooth skin. 

As her fingers lightly brushed over her pussy she once more wondered to her self if she would be able to go through with this wild plan.

Would she be able to let these men see her and then touch her?

She knew that if she did go through with it she would feel terrible afterwards.

Her wild side still convinced her though, that no matter what she felt like after, she wanted to experience this wild fantasy.

She wanted to see and touch other cocks!

She wanted to experience and feel the collective lust of these men for real. 

Mary could still not quite understand the fascination men had with seeing cherries. She had learned to accept that men, especially Richard and the men in the Stiff Club were greatly turned on by seeing her pussy. Knowing how it turned them on made her feel excited and horny as she was slowly learning to enjoy showing herself off. As her mind started to fill with horny thoughts she stood up and continued to dress. With all the underwear in place she looked at herself once more in the mirror before pulling on her skirt and shirt. She looked again, undecided as to if she should wear the skirt and shirt. After some more thought she changed her mind and, after removing them, put on Richard's large towelling bathrobe.

She decided it felt very sexy to be completely covered by the bathrobe knowing that underneath she was wearing the sexy underwear.

She finally added her make up and then sat down and waited for Richard.

Richard was feeling equally as nervous and very uncertain as he walked back to his hotel room with the other men. He knew the idea turned him on in his fantasies but what would it be like for real?

Earlier that evening he and Mary had been getting passionate as usual and talking about their many fantasies. They were soon talking about group sex again and Mary was telling Richard how liberated she had felt after her two experiences 'on line' with the stiff club. No one was more surprised than Mary remembering how she had enjoyed the experience of cyber sex with the group of men. They had talked about whether Mary would ever be bold and wild enough to try sex with a group of men for real. Each time they had discussed it the conclusion was the same; Mary thought she could never do it for real although she was sometimes really turned on by the idea. Richard also thought he could never watch her with a group of men in reality because he would be too jealous.

Despite these thoughts, the subject kept returning and earlier that same evening, whilst in the bar of the hotel, Mary had shocked Richard by suggesting he recruit a group of men to bring back to the room. Once in the room Mary wanted Richard to help her be bold then see what would happen, if she still felt brave enough.

They had been in the bar at a reception for the guests organised by the hotel manager. Most times when Richard was at the hotel he had received similar invitations but had never gone.

As they were getting passionate earlier that evening Richard jokingly suggested they take up the invitation from the hotel manager and visit the bar to find some suitable men for Mary. Somehow they had both encouraged each other and before either of them had time to think of the consequences they were in the bar.

As they arrived in the bar they were handed a complimentary drink. Richard remembered thinking how strong it tasted and knew that it would quickly go to Mary's head.

The bar was full, mainly with smartly dressed businessmen. Richard and Mary found a table and sat down. 

Richard noticed a wild mischievous look in Mary's eyes as she looked around the bar at all of the men.

Richard vaguely recognised some of them from previous visits and had also spoken to a few of them at breakfast.

As he looked around the room Richard asked Mary which ones she liked the look of.

Mary pointed out the ones she thought looked OK. Although the ones she indicated to Richard all looked quite different in build and height they all had one feature in common; they looked friendly and pleasant. Richard persuaded Mary to walk around with him and introduce themselves to a few of them.

One very noticeable fact about the reception was the absence of women. Other than Mary there was only another two or three women in the bar.

As they walked round and introduced themselves to a few of the men Mary noticed how most of them seemed very pleasant. Something else she noticed, after Richard had made her aware of it, was how their eyes wandered up and down her body appreciatively. Not long ago Mary would have felt uncomfortable at this type of attention but now she felt flattered, turned on even. If she were being honest, it was not long ago that she would not have even noticed this type of attention.

As they walked around meeting the other men Mary indicated to Richard which ones she liked the look of. 

This was already making Richard feel very jealous. He knew what they were thinking as they introduced themselves to Mary. He could see their eyes casually glancing down at her breasts, curious as to what she would look like with less clothing on!

After a while Mary returned to their table and Richard invited the ones she had liked to join them. A waitress came over and Richard ordered more drinks all round.

Richard looked around the table at the men Mary had chosen. There were eight of them and Richard noticed how easily the conversation was going between all of them and Mary.

Richard could see that she was flirting with all of them. She might not have been aware of flirting but her eyes sparkled and her smile filled her face as she conversed with these men.

Richard leaned across and whispered in her ear, "Mary, we need to have a quick word in private." Mary stood up and Richard said to the men, "please excuse us for a few moments."

They moved out of hearing range of the men and Richard said, "Mary are you sure about this?"

"As sure as I will ever be," said Mary, "how about you?"

"Yes, I think so," said Richard.

Mary looked at him and smiled and then said, "I know that deep inside you want me to do this. I know it is one of your big fantasies. I am still not certain if I can do it but I want to try. I want you to help me."

"How can I help?" said Richard.

"You will have to encourage me and, if necessary, not let me stop."

"But what if you genuinely want to stop?"

"You will know if I genuinely want to stop," she said, "just help me by pushing me a little to be bold."

Richard was still uncertain but as they returned to the table he noticed all of the men trying to subtly look at Mary's figure and, seeing the lustful look in their eyes started to turn Richard on.

The alcohol probably helped as Richard decided to make the first move in this bold adventure.

As they sat down Richard looked around at each of the men and said, "gentlemen, this might sound very strange but we asked you to join us here at our table for a good reason."

Richard could see Mary starting to blush before he continued.

Mary and I have been lovers for many years and one of my, and recently her, ambitions and fantasies has been for her to experience sex with a group of men!"

For the moment there was a stunned silence around the table. Mary felt the lustful stares of all eight men focussed on her once more as she blushed wildly.

Although blushing and embarrassed at Richard's bold announcement she realised that she felt turned on as she sensed the men boldly undressing her with their eyes.

As Mary looked at the men she could not help but feel that she had seen one or two of them before. In particular she kept looking at the tallest of the men and stopped looking as she realised he was staring directly back at her. 

"I am sure I have met you before Mary," he said, "but I can't remember when."

As Richard tried to decide if to tell him, one of the others spoke up. "Mary," he said, "have you ever heard of the stiff club?"

Mary blushed again and looked down, averting her eyes from him.

"Yes," she said, "I've heard of it."

As she answered she realised why these two looked so familiar. They had been part of her audience the first time she had performed for the club.

The tall one spoke first. "I've got it!" he said, "you are 'The Mary!"

Mary was not sure where to look. She knew she was blushing as the tall one started to describe to the other men about 'The Stiff Club'

Mary listened as he described how women volunteered to perform over the Internet for the enjoyment of the club members. She listened as he described how she had stripped naked for them and then they had all masturbated as they watched her.

Mary felt flattered and even more aroused as he went on to tell the others how she had been the best woman ever and how sexy she looked as she had stripped for the men.

The other men were keen to ask questions and Mary had to listen as her body was eagerly discussed amongst the men. She felt flattered as the tall man, who she now knew was called Joe, described how incredibly sexy he thought her nipples were. The rest of the conversation passed in a blur as Mary heard Joe talk about her pussy.

With the men pre-occupied with their questions, Richard leaned over to Mary and whispered, "do you still want to go through with this?"

"Yes," said Mary, "if you do."

"OK," Richard continued, "you go back to the room and get ready and I will tell the men some rules on how they must behave and then bring them back to the room."

Mary felt as though butterflies were in her stomach as she stood up and left. 

She felt very, very nervous but also excited as she felt the collective lustful gazes from the men follow her as she left the bar.

When she had gone Richard turned to the men.

"Both Mary and I are uncertain as to whether we can go ahead with this. We have both fantasised about it but we are uncertain as to how we will feel when it is happening for real

We must have some basic rules if you all want to come back to our room and unless you all promise to obey them then this whole thing stops now."

All of the men nodded their agreement and Richard continued.

"If at any stage Mary or I say stop, you must stop and leave.

You must not try to force Mary into doing anything she does not want to do.

Do you all agree?"

There was a loud chorus of, "yes we all agree."

Now it was Richard's turn to feel the butterflies in his stomach as he stood up and asked the men to follow him.

As they approached Richard's room Richard was feeling a mixture of nervousness and excitement. His head was full of unanswered questions such as:

How would Mary react?

Would she go ahead with it?

Did he want her to go ahead with it?

Was she still in the room?

By now they were all standing outside the door.

Richard reached forward and rang the doorbell.

It seemed to take an eternity before Mary opened the door. When she did finally open it there was a stunned silence from the men followed by a low, mumbled wow! You look great Mary.

As she stood to one side to let them all in, Richard could not fail to notice how sexy she looked.

Mary had left the top of the bathrobe partly open and as the men looked at her they could not fail to see the twin globes of her breasts sexily contrasted against the black lace of the bra top. Mary had put on her red lipstick that accentuated her sexy smile. Although the others would not know it yet Richard could see that she was also wearing the stockings and suspenders.

Richard started to feel excited and for the first time that evening he felt the urge to want to show her off to the other men and see their excitement.

Once they were all inside Richard indicated that they should sit down while he served them drinks.

His room, as usual, was a suite and for the moment they were all in the outer sitting room.

As all of the men sat down Richard opened some beers and Mary took them around to the men. She was surprising herself at how bold she was feeling and behaving, purposely leaning forward in front of each man as she served him his beer, enjoying watching his eyes boldly staring down the front of the bathrobe at her breasts. The black lace corset/bra still gave her the feeling that her breasts would fall out as she leaned forward, but it was this feeling that added to her excitement!

Soon the men were openly commenting on the 'wonderful view' as she served them their beers.

The initial tension that had been in the room gradually subsided as the men and Mary were really starting to relax.

The men were soon teasing Mary about what she might be wearing under the bathrobe. Mary in turn was teasing them back by keeping it a secret and saying things like, "I bet you would all like to know."

This teasing went on for some time until Richard decided that he should help to move things along a little.

The seats were in a semicircle and Mary was standing so that all the men could see her. Richard walked up behind her and whispered in her ear, "shall I push you a little?"

"Yes please," she whispered back to him.

"Gentlemen," said Richard, "you have all been trying to guess what Mary is wearing underneath the bathrobe. Do you want to see?"

Mary felt the butterflies in her stomach again as the men all replied, "yes please."

Richard continued, "as Mary is greatly outnumbered I think it would only be polite and fair for us men to strip naked first!"

Mary felt the first feelings of uncertainty as the all men, including Richard, stood up and unhesitatingly started to undress. 

Mary was surprised to admit to herself that her feelings of uncertainty were equally balanced against her inquisitiveness as she boldly looked from man to man in anticipation of appraising his physique. As she watched them all strip she was impressed at how none of them was unattractive.

As they took off their shirts she was impressed at being surrounded by so many strong looking manly chests. When they were all naked from the waist up Mary felt her gaze drawn to their naked flesh. Some were baby smooth whilst others were quite hairy. Mary felt her excitement increase as all the men slowly removed their trousers. She blushed as she realised she was boldly appraising each man's bulge in his underpants as it came into her view. 

Before long she was gazing at eight men and Richard, who was standing behind her, dressed only in their underpants.

What she did not fail to notice was that all of them had at least partial erections, adding to her interest of their bulges!

Mary tensed as Richard moved closer behind her and said, "Now gentlemen let's see what Mary is hiding under the bath robe!"

Almost before he had finished speaking, Mary felt him reach round in front of her and swiftly untie the belt securing the robe. In one more swift movement he had opened the robe fully and pulled it from her shoulders.

As he stood back the robe fell to the floor.

Mary suddenly felt exposed and vulnerable as eight pairs of eyes lustfully gazed at her. 

She heard exclamations of, "wow, you look so sexy Mary."

"You look fabulous Mary, I love the stockings."

The compliments kept coming and Mary was soon enjoying the flattery from the men. Richard gently pushed her away from him so that she was more or less in the centre of them. This brought forth more comments as some of the men could now see the 'G' string panties that left her bum cheeks fully exposed.

They encouraged her to slowly turn around with comments like, "Mary what a sexy arse, turn around and let the others see. Mary felt that familiar wild part of her start to emerge as she followed their instructions and slowly turned around, knowing they were all gazing lustfully at her bum cheeks. She was surprised at how she was enjoying their attention. She still felt vulnerable but also her confidence was growing rapidly as she absorbed all of their compliments. She also noticed that the bulges were growing!

She thought to herself that so far it was no different to what she had done on her web cam but deep inside she knew she wanted more!

At first her eyes looked downward, too shy to look directly at the men. She could almost feel them undressing her completely in their minds.

As her initial shyness began to fade she found the courage to look up. She felt herself still blushing but eventually she looked around at each of the men. They were all smiling at her and still paying her compliments. She noticed a couple of them adjust their stiffening cocks inside their underpants as their erections grew.

One by one the men started to remove their underpants. Mary felt her wild side compelling her to watch as each man stripped completely naked. Part of her still wanted to avert her gaze away, but the wild side won every time as she boldly gazed at each stiff cock as it was revealed to her. 

As each man exposed his cock to her she felt flattered and proud, knowing that she was responsible for its stiffness. The butterfly feelings in her stomach returned as she faced the truth that all these men were stiff for her and wanted to fuck her!

Mary realised that the circle of men that were surrounding her was getting nearer to her. All of them were getting closer and closer. She could feel the sexual tension in the atmosphere of the room.

She realised that a strange emotion was taking over her mind. She should have felt afraid or at least a little apprehensive but she didn't!

She had an overwhelming feeling of an exciting adventure that was about to begin. She just felt she wanted to submit to this feeling and go boldly on this wild adventure.

As she felt the men get closer she closed her eyes and waited for the adventure to begin.

She did not have to wait for long!

Her body momentarily tensed as she felt naked flesh against her bum cheeks. She realised immediately that at least two of the men were now so close that their stiff cocks were brushing against her!

Mary kept her eyes closed as she felt the feather like touches of many hands start to roam all over her body. She felt as though she was under a spell and was convinced that if she opened her eyes the spell would break.

She felt the tips of many fingers touching her so lightly it was only just perceptible. They lightly roamed over her back, her belly, her neck and face. As this caressing continued she became aware of more and more brushing fingertips. 

This very gentle teasing had the effect of heightening the sensations that were rushing through her body. 

Mary felt her self being gently lifted up into many strong arms as though she weighed no more than a feather. Her eyes remained closed as she was carried into the bedroom and very gently lowered down onto the large bed. She felt herself being rolled over onto her front and, although she still had her eyes closed she could almost feel the lustful gazes of the men on her naked bum cheeks. The thin black lace ribbon of the 'G' string panties just barely covering her anus.
