 It all started over one of those daft quizzes in Cosmopolitan, or some other magazine.

"Have you ever slept with another woman?" she began.

"What? What sort of question is that?" came the quick reply.

"Well, do you want to know if you're a sex kitten, or not?"

"I know I'm a sex kitten - I don't need you to tell me," Gemma shrieked in response.

A brief pause followed, then a reply.

"Well, no, I guess... well, I just mean, no."

Danni looked at her.

"You took a long time to come up with an answer for that one."

"Well, I was just checking my past," she replied hurriedly, with laughter.

Danni looked back to the magazine.

"One last question: have you ever had sex at work?" She began laughing as she asked. "Well, we all know the answer to that one - David? In the stock room? Haha!"

A sheepish look crept across Gemma's face.

"Danni, you don't have to shout about it!" A slightly red glow began to emerge in her cheeks.

"Okay, let me just tally these scores," Danni said as she scribbled furiously with her pen. Gemma waited patiently, continuing with her work, confident that she would fall into the top category of sex kitten.

"Hmm... I don't think you're going to like this, Gem." Danni paused, chewing on the tip of her pen.

"Haha, tell me the worst," Gemma laughed, "I can cope with being a slut."

"Okay, I'll tell you, but don't shoot me, I'm just the messenger."

Slowly Danni started to read from the page where she had tallied Gemma's score.

"You're more of a love puppy than sex kitten. You've had your fun, but you're settling down now for a quieter life," she finished.

"What?" Gemma shrieked, "Settling down? I demand a recount!"

"Too late girl - I already did. You're only one point short, but it's true: love puppy I'm afraid."

Gemma grabbed the magazine from Danni, and stormed away. She wasn't happy about that at all. Gemma was never going to be happy with that in fact. She had spent her life making sure that she was experienced - a simple task when it came to sex. People just adored her. Petite, at a little over 5'3", she had always been quite slender. But her best feature - at least to the average eye - was her bum. And she knew just how to package it too. She always wore smooth trousers, knowing that they would fit perfectly over her beautiful pert ass, and guaranteed to get a glance from everyone she passed.

Later on that afternoon, Gemma disappeared from her desk. Not a word to anyone. But within seconds of her getting up from her seat an email popped up on Danni's screen.

I NEED TO TALK TO YOU - USUAL PLACE

Danni knew the usual place well. That was how she had caught Gemma with David before. They had been seeing each other for a while, but nothing crossed Danni's mind when Gemma had been for a while - she'd just gone to check on her, and seen everything!

Danni headed down to the store room and pushed open the door, but the light wasn't on. Maybe she'd misunderstood?

"Gem," she called out tentatively, "Are you in here?"

Ever so faintly Danni recognised the sound of Gemma's agreement, and let the door close behind her. You couldn't be sure that no-one would ever come down here, but few people did, and even so, it was easy to keep well-hidden.

As the door closed, darkness fell and without thinking Danni reached for the light switch. As she did so, suddenly she heard Gemma call out.

"Don't turn the light on yet!"

"What? Why not? You're not crying are you? It was only a stupid quiz!"

"No, no, but - just listen, Gemma continued, "Did you do the quiz too?"

"Of course I did," she replied, surprised that Gemma had even felt the need to ask.

"And were you the same as me?" Gemma asked with some trepidation.

"Does it matter?" came the covert reply. But it was no good. Gemma knew Danni too well.

"So you're a sex kitten then?" she asked. But something was odd. She didn't sound upset at all. Danni had expected her to feel own about it, but she didn't. She sounded... almost perky.

"Well... yeah." Danni responded, unsure of what the reaction would be.

A slight pause hung in the room before either of them spoke again, and this time it was Gemma.

"So, had you done everything on there?"

"Well, not everything, but then, I've never been to Africa, have I? So the continents thing was a bit unfair."

"But, you know if you wanted to go, I'd help you to get there?" Gemma explained.

"What?" The confusion in Danni's voice was clear.

"I want you to help me out. You don't think I'm rough or anything, do you?"

Danni didn't even have to think about that question. She had been working with Gemma for over a year now, and although they never talked seriously about it, there had been a few occasions where things had got 'frisky' and Danni had loved every minute of them. At the Christmas party the year before their drunken, but passionate kiss had been the talk of the office.

"Of course not, sweetie," Danni replied, "I think you're drop-dead gorgeous. I'd take you to bed any day, haha"

But as she finished her sentence, she suddenly knew what was going on. A moment of shock made her pause, and then without even thinking to ask, she flicked on the switch.

There, sat on the filing table at the back of the store, was Gemma, But not the Gemma who had left her desk minutes earlier. This time her skirt and jacket had gone, and her blouse was unbuttoned. She didn't like she was posing but somehow she managed to look like a model as she sat with her pen shirt, and uncovering her lacy pink thong and white bra.

Gemma froze. She knew that this wasn't how she'd wanted things to work, but she was also excited at the thought of Danni looking at her. She began to undress Danni in her mind. She pictured her stood there, and then let the top fade away, taking her bra with it. And as she imagined the sheen of her chest, she sensed her skirt disappearing from view. Eventually she was left with an image of beauty. The long wave of her hair resting on her shoulder, her small nipples slightly erect, her thong gently rested on her hips... and then that too started to fade.

"Well, I'm not fucking you while you're wearing odd underwear, darling!" Danni joked.

Instantly panicked, Gemma began to wrap herself up in her blouse.

"Oh god, I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking"

"No!" Danni interjected, "I don't mean that. I mean, you'll need to take that off!" She pointed at Gemma's bra.

Gemma paused, and then reassured by Danni's smile, she ran her hand up the back of her blouse, and unhooked her bra. Then, as it slid down her arms, she took the change to slide off the sleeves of her top. Leaning forward, she let it slide behind her, and then looked up at Danni.

Danni stepped forward and slowly put out her arms. Eventually she let her hand cup her right breast and ran her palm under it, letting her thumb run over her nipple.

"You know, I've always thought you'd have such gorgeous little boobs under there."

She began to move her hand away, but Gemma took it in hers and held it there.

"Don't stop," she pleaded. Then, slowly standing up, she reached for Danni's top. A tight black knitted affair, she managed to sweep it smoothly up her sides, until eventually she pushed it up over her head. She knew that Danni often work no bra under tight top, but she hadn't ever realised how perfect her breasts were. As she let her hands run down Danni's body once more, she too took a breast in her palm.

Without speaking, Danni kicked off her shoes, and then slid her hands inside of her skirt. Letting her skirt drop to the floor she found herself stood with Gemma, and feeling amazingly turned on by the thought.

"I don't know about you, hun," she began, "But if I don't get out of these soon, they'll be soaked." she began lightly tugging at her thong strap. As soon as she did, the two of them leant in, and completely without plan, Gemma found her lips meeting with Danni's. As their tongues explored one another, Danni took a lead and taking Gemma's thong by the straps; she slid it down as far as she could read. As her hand returned to her waist, she let it brush slowly over Gemma's pussy hair. Or at least, she would have done had there been any. Encouraged by her lead, Gemma stepped out of her underwear and then prepared to undress her friend. She too let the thong slide away, and likewise brushed her hand over Danni's soft blonde hair.

Now Danni pulled away from their embrace, and taking Gemma carefully by the arms, guided her back to the table.

"Sit down," she whispered calmly. Then, as Gemma did so, Danni's hand moved from her pussy to run along her thighs, gently pushing as she went to widen Gemma's legs. And Gemma needed no persuasion. She felt sure that this was what she wanted. Gently she slid her legs apart over the table, and then watched with pleasure as she saw Danni kneel down to reach her. She had had her pussy eaten by plenty of men before, but something inside her knew that this was going to be different.

And she was right. As Danni moved in to taste Gemma her touch was gentler than anything she had experienced before. She moved her tongue so delicately, and yet so precisely, around her cunt that she instantly leant back on her arms to enjoy the feeling. 

Danni had thought about this before. Not often, and not in detail, bit she had wondered how her beautiful friend would taste. And she wasn't disappointed. She had tasted women before, but this was amazing. Everything about her was just as she'd thought. Her petite friend seemed to have her own petite pussy and everything about it was wet. And delicious.

She continued to devour Gemma as though each drop of her was precious nectar. As she tasted her, Danni felt ever more aroused, and felt the need to touch herself, too. She let her finger run over her own pussy and was far from surprised to discover that she was dripping too. She couldn't remember a time she had ever felt so horny.

Then, a noise. Gemma jumped with shock. Both froze, Danni with her tongue resting on Gemma's clitoris. Then another noise. Someone was in the stock room. Neither of them moved. The slightest noise could draw attention to hem, but if they kept quiet, chances are they'd be safe. The filing table was only used once a month when the stats came in.

The rustling continued at the front of the cupboard, but realising the she couldn't be seen, Danni continued. She could see no reason to stop - in fact this interruption only made things more exciting. Again, she pushed her face into Gemma's cunt, and began to lick and kiss her. Eventually the rustling stopped, and they heard the door close. They were safe.

Gemma used her hand to bring Danni's face up to look at her. Then, without speaking she positioned her hands into a symbol. A symbol Danni knew only too well. They often had to talk in secret at their desks, and this was one of the signs they used to tell each other about the night before. It was their sign for '69'.

As a smile crept across Danni's face, Gemma lay back on the filing table, letting her legs hang off one end. As she did so, Danni stepped up on the table to straddle her. As she raised her leg over Gemma's face she felt her own juice slipping out of her, but Gemma was quick to catch it with her finger. And quicker still to taste it. Without comment, each began to kiss and lick at the other, sliding their tongues inside one another, and savouring the taste on their lips. Gently they caressed one another, running tongue over clit and enjoying the pleasure of another woman.

Suddenly, without warning, a quiet bump, followed by the sound of paper falling everywhere. Both girls stopped, and stared towards the door of the room. And this time something became clear. Today was stats day. The noise they had heard earlier was Michael arriving with them, and now he had dropped them everywhere. They could see a guilty face peering through the shelves at them.

"Sorry, I..."

Clearly Michael had no explanation for his presence. And instantly the women realised he had been watching them for some time.

"How long have you been there?" Danni asked, hardly moving from her position astride Gemma.

"Long enough," he replied, sheepishly. And then, without comment, he moved slowly to the side of the shelves. There he stood with just a few remaining stats sheets in one hand - and his hard cock in the other.

Danni looked at him. Then at Gemma beneath her. With a slight smile to Gemma, she looked back at Michael, and then turned her attention back to the task at hand. Lowering her body, she guided her own pussy to the lips of her friend, and started once more to drink from Gemma's cunt.

Michael was surprised, but took no time to realise that his presence was not as unwelcome as he'd first thought. As their girls turned their attentions to one another, he once again took his cock and began to wank. He marvelled as the women moved in and out, their faces buried between one another's legs. He moved himself closer, stepping slightly to one side. His view now, directly of Gemma's tidy snatch - occasionally interrupted by the sweeping movements of Danni's head. He knew these girls, and had on occasion considered the chances of getting either of them into bed, but never in his wildest dreams had he foreseen such activity. Again he stepped closer, amazed as Danni's tongue parted Gemma's lip with each stroke, and then how they closed to tightly again. He was almost close enough to touch them - not that he'd dare.

It turned out that he need not dare. As she noticed him, Danni reached out grabbing his leg and pulling him towards her. As he came close enough she moved her mouth from the gaping wet pussy beneath her to the large hard cock now before her. With a brief moment she tasted him before returning to Gemma. Then again, sucking his cock before licking Gemma once more. Then, with a third movement, she grabbed him by the thigh, and dragged his cock forward until it was a fraction of an inch away from the entrance to Gemma's cunt.

As ever, without speaking, she ran her tongue along the cock, then along Gemma's soaking crack, and then used her gently finger tips to push his helmet inside Gemma.

Gemma stopped, and clenched her pussy tight. She couldn't think what was happening for a moment.

Michael recognised the tightening, and knew he had to stop, but something about the look on Danni's face told him to push on. Slowly, and gently, he pushed his cock forward, making it force apart the lips of Gemma's small cunt. And as he did so, he felt her loosening. She knew just what was happening, but she had no desire to stop it.

Eventually, his cock was buried deep inside her and as it pushed the final inch, Gemma moaned at great length. She had been close to cumming with everything that had gone before, but this added something new. She had loved the feeling of Danni eating her, but there was something about the feeling of hard cock inside her. It reached a new plane. Almost instantly her reactions were heightened, and she felt her body shudder.

Danni, only too familiar with the shudder of a body took things further. Leaning forward once more, she began to flick her tongue across Gemma's clit, running it along Michael's cock each time it emerged from inside their friend. Tasting Gemma had been a thrill, but tasting her juices as they were soaked on Michael's cock was something else.

By now Gemma could barely cope. She tried her best to muffle her cries of pleasure, but with each stroke of his cock, and every flick of her tongue, she felt her body creeping towards orgasm. Se shuddered with each penetration, her body tightening repeatedly until eventually she knew she couldn't contain herself. With a stilted cry, she let out the moan that told them all that she had reached a plateau. Excited by this, Michael began to push harder, faster, lengthening her pleasure until eventually she could feel her body collapsing.

Danni turned to look at her friend. As Gemma smile up at her she turned her body towards he, lay down upon her so their breasts were closely packed, and kissed her. Their bodies, rested upon one another, Michael could see his role. Slowly he withdrew his cock from Gemma, and with a swift upwards movement, guided towards a new pussy.

This time there was no resistance. Danni had known that he would follow her lead, and she was ready for him to penetrate her. Her pussy welcomed him with its warmth, and then as she felt the full length of him inside of her, she gripped him tightly, all the time locked in a kiss with Gemma.

Only too aware of the opportunities before him, Michael took his finger and started to run it over Gemma's rested hole. She didn't expect this at all. She had cum plenty before, but never had a man tried to continue to arouse her. As she felt his fingers exploring her, and his balls knocking against her ass she instantly felt herself rising once more towards a point of climax. Guided by his lead she too reached down, but this time her hand fell upon Danni. Gently she ran a finger over Danni's ass and with smooth movement ran it down towards her hole. Softly she pressed around the ring of flesh as Michael continued to fuck her pussy. Gently, Danni relaxed, allowing Gemma's finger to slide her fingertip inside her ass.

This was too much for Danni. As she felt the pressure of cock against her pussy and a finger in her ass she began to surge with excitement. Adrenalin rushed through her until she could contain no more.

Encouraged by her movements and excitement, her friends were no more contained. Michael felt himself desperately fighting to hold himself back, but to no avail. And as his cock filled Danni's pussy with cumm, he felt his body weaken, and his hand drift from Gemma's pussy. But Gemma was not let down. As she felt Danni's body heave with the excitement that she had experienced just moments before, she felt the cumm dripping down from Danni's pussy onto her own. And as Michael withdrew, the three of them found themselves covered in his load.

Eventually, with the help of the supplies in the room, they were tidied, and made their own way out of the room. By the time Danni returned to her desk, she found Gemma smiling smugly as she put on her coat. And there on Danni's desk was the magazine. With one answer changed.