 "Wow," thought Mike as he looked around at the gorgeous women strewn about the room all dressed in the sexist of clothes.

"It's just like a candy shop."

He watched two young women dressed identically as school girls (or maybe they were real school girls). Plaid mini-skirt; white blouse; loose short tie; little white lace topped ankle socks and wearing 4 inch, black patent stiletto heels. They finished their champagne and put down their glasses. He continued to watch transfixed, as they lovingly looked into each other's eyes, or rather stared intensely, each focused on wanting the other. 

Still focusing on each other's eyes, their faces moved closer together, then lingered as if they were savoring each other's perfume. Their noses touched. Their red lips opened. They kissed slowly, their tongues intermittently on display as they probed in and out of each mouth, sharing their saliva. Their bodies and breasts writhed together. Their long fingers ran roughly through each of the others hair, pulling their faces closer and only just managing to maintain their standing position. 

Clearly needing to explore as much of each other as possible, their hands moved downwards, caressing their breasts and body. Mike could now see they were both bra-less, their nipples hinting through the flimsy material and causing the tell tale nipple bulge. One of the girls unbuttoned a blouse and taking a nipple between her long red painted fingers, pinched hard and pulled up and out, causing gratifying and pleasurable pain. The nipple stayed hard and she repeated the act to the second breast, this time licking the tip as well, making it shiny with her saliva. She looked up into her friends eyes once more with that, "I really want to fuck you" look, but not saying a word.

Descending still further, their hands stroked along their thighs until finally reaching their plaid mini-skirts. No panties, no obstacles. 

Still standing, one of the girls now probed the others cunt with her long fingers. One finger. Then two fingers. She briefly removed them and brought them up to her mouth to lick the juices and to apply lubricating spit. Using those same fingers, she went hard on her friend's clit. Her friend began to writhe, head thrown back. She felt her own breasts, cupping them fully and squeezing gently, all the while her friend worked her clit with her fingers.

They stopped suddenly.

Needing more, much more, they withdrew hand in hand to another room, where a generous supply of toys awaited, desperate for the fucking each was going to give and receive. A couple of guys followed them, the bulge in there trousers apparent, maybe to watch, maybe to join in.

Mike had been at his friend's party for about 15 minutes. He had had a hard-on for about 14 ½ of those minutes. His friend, Steve, whose house this was, was yet to show. 

"Where the hell is he, I hate to start without him" Mike thought.

Steve, or Stephen, to those who didn't know him intimately, was one of the richest guys in this part of the country and Mike had been very fortunate to have once been at school with his very rich friend.

The party was a monthly event, put on by a group of rich friends, and as the group had grown it had developed into a kind of elite club. It was called a party but really it was one big orgy. The biggest orgy in town you might say and was dedicated, for the select few, to extreme sex and perversity. 

The group consisted of: single guys, married guys, some with their girlfriends', some with mistresses', some with wives, some without. One guy brought his sister another brought his mother (now that's perverted), models, actresses', Ex call girls, single women, etc, etc. You get the picture. The fact was they were all there for one thing; extreme fucking and sexual gratification. This wasn't for the faint hearted.

Safe sex in this setting took on a new meaning. There were no condoms here. Every attendee had undergone medical tests to ensure they were physically safe. Every female had to be on birth control. No one wanted a paternity suit or an STD. Just the greatest sex they would ever have, without consequence and with lots and lots of cum.

There was one more stipulation. Whist in the group, participants could only fuck other group members. Casual, random fucking with outsiders was definitely out. This would help to ensure everyone remained safe. The size of group was such that no one's interest waned and very few left the group. This was Mike's second time.

He looked around the large reception room. The early guests were deep in conversation, glasses of Champagne in hand. One guy had his tongue down the back of a redhead's throat, one hand pulling her red hair the other feeling her huge breasts. Another guy joined them from behind and he ran his hands up her smooth stockinged legs and inside her skirt, removing her thong. They withdrew, thong in hand, to one of the many rooms arranged for mutual fucking.

Mike stood facing the door, drink in hand. He watched as two of the sexiest women he had ever seen arrived at the party. His cock hardened even more as he watched the two girls walk across the room dressed in short skirts, black seamed stockings and the highest heeled shoes he had ever seen. As he looked closer, he realized their superb breasts were clearly on display through the semi-transparent lacy material they wore. Their makeup impressed him and made them look incredibly sexy and slutty, it definitely turned him on.

"Fuck!" He thought. "These babes are gorgeous. I'm going to have to fuck these."

Sophie and Shelly walked across to the drinks attendant. Their 6 inch heels click clacking as they crossed the floor. Their legs looked so deliciously long walking on tip toe in their ultra high heels and nylon seamed stockings. They walked confidently with that sexy wiggle, their skirts just skimming the tops of their stockings. Their cunt juices were building to a point where not only did they need to be fucked as soon as possible, it meant they were so turned on there wasn't anything they wouldn't do to get off.

As the girls approached the drinks attendant and before he could hand them a drink, Mike jumped in, drinks in hand.

"Hi girls, I'm Mike."

"Not much of a chat up line" thought Shelly.

"Would you like a drink" he added.

He held out the glasses of Champagne and the girls took one each.

"Why thank you.... Mike" Sophie replied, with a slight pause before saying his name, mentally ensuring that she had heard it correctly.

"Yes, thanks Mike" Shelly added politely.

Taking a sip of Champagne, Shelly moved closer to whisper.

"But what we really need is a good hard fucking." 

At the same time her hand moved to the front of his trousers to check how hard and big his cock was. She was suitably impressed.

Totally unperturbed, Mike rebounded quick as a flash. 

"That's why I'm here. I'm always up for two girls at once." 

The girls laughed.

"Mike, we will need more than your ONE cock....... Do you have some friends?" The last remark added somewhat sarcastically. 

"Of course, what were you thinking?" 

The girls looked at each other.

"You and say..... Another five" Sophie said hopefully.

Mike responded. "No problem, a gangbang it is. Shall we finish our drinks first?" 

"Sure" replied the girls, but really wanting to get down to it as soon as possible, as their clits badly throbbed.

For a short while the conversation continued with general chit chat. Mike found out that this was their first time and he gave them compliments about their appearance. The girls probed, finding out who Mike was and what he did and Mike did likewise.

"Have you seen Steve yet" Mike said.

"No, we only know of him through our girlfriend, Kalli. She should be here tonight, but I haven't seen her yet" said Shelly.

"Great, Kalli can join us later" Mike replied.

Mike left them momentarily to round up some friends and Steve if he could find him.

Returning, Mike, his arms around both girls, led them all to another room.

Steve was nowhere to be found

The room was large and reasonably spartan. The decoration however was superb. There were mattresses on the floor and tables around the room holding a selection of sex toys and lubricants. The lighting had been dimmed and the sound of thumping dance music ensued, seemingly to set the rhythm for the mass fucking. The sound level was loud but such that everyone could make themselves heard.

The girls put their handbags to one side. Sophie unzipped her short red mini skirt, revealing her thong and fully displaying her black seamed stockings. She stood proudly in her ultra high heels and see-thorough top.

Not to be out done Shelly took off her mini dress and stood in thong, corset, stockings and her black patent 6 inch stilettos. 

The two women looked at each other momentarily not knowing exactly where to start.

"Lick our cunts" Sophie demanded.

The guys were still taking in the sight of the two gorgeous sluts before them, in a kind of stunned amazement. Sophie's order brought them out of their daze and they stripped as quickly as possible. This was made slightly more difficult with their huge erect cocks. Each of the men could be described as 'fit' and obviously worked out. Both Sophie and Shelly were not disappointed.

The girls edged back against the wall, their high heels stretched their leg muscles, their suspenders pulled tight and hence tightening their sheer stockings. Steve came to Sophie. She was in a hurry, Steve wasn't. He kissed her gorgeous red shiny lips. Sophie responded with her tongue. He began to unbutton her lacy blouse, button by button. After the fourth button he pulled her top open to expose her gorgeous breasts supported by her quarter cup bra. He stooped to suck on her red lipsticked nipples, sucking them up hard. 

Mike knelt, spread Sophie's legs and thong and with his tongue and fingers began working on her hairless cunt. 

At first Sophie looked down as mike worked on her cunt and clit. She could see his thick hard cock and knew that was coming soon, but then the uncontrollable pleasure began to hit home and her head went back in ecstasy. Mike was about to bring his hand around to finger her arse, but she was so horny she came in about 30 seconds, screaming obscenities. She shook with her first orgasm. 

Shelly wasn't far behind. 

"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!"...

They so needed to get that first orgasm out the way. Now it was game on. The girls certainly didn't need any more foreplay, they needed something much bigger inside of them.

"We need our holes fucked!" One of the girls exclaimed.

The guys looked at each other, not knowing who was going to do what. Shelly organized them.

One guy laid on the mattress his huge cock standing up ready to be speared, Shelly didn't disappoint. Now thong-less, she climbed on the huge cock and reamed it hard into her cunt. 

"I need one in my arse" she exclaimed. "Lub me."

One of the guys obliged, using some nearby lubricant. He worked the lub into her rosebud and it gaped as he drove his fingers in and out. Finally he drove his thick cock hard into her arse and up as far as it would go. 

Sophie briefly looked on. This was what they had practiced for. 

As if she wasn't horny enough, the sight of her sister taking two cocks simultaneously into her cunt and arse, dressed like a slut in black seamed stockings, a corset, 6 inch high heels and proudly showing off her tits, was too much to bear.

If her sister could do it, she could do it better. She shouted at the guy with the biggest cock to get on the mattress. She removed her lacy see through top and with a large amount of lubricant, began lubing her gorgeous arse hole. She mounted the guy on the mattress, who realising what she wanted, banged his cock hard and straight up into her very wet cunt.

"Fuck my arse" she directed one of the guys looking on stroking his cock. 

He knelt behind and forced his appendage into her well trained arse. Both guys now fucked Sophie with amazing ease and speed, forcing it hard and alternating their strokes into each orifice. The other two watching now offered their cocks to her mouth. Working both cocks by hand, she closed her cherry red lips over one and in conjunction with her tongue, began to suck hard. Her bangles jangled as her hands worked both cocks. The guy in her mouth wanted more and he forced her head right down, his cock slipping past her tonsils and down her throat. She could only take a small amount of throat fucking before gagging, but it didn't matter as the guy pulled out and shot huge wads of cum over her waiting face. It seemed to keep pumping cum and Sophie made sure it all landed on her face. She looked up at him and smiled, her black eye make-up now covered with sperm, globs of cum hung from her eye lashes. The guy in her cunt came noisily, closely followed by the guy reaming her arse. She adored the sensation of cocks filling her with copious amounts of semen.

Then it came, the uncontrollable pleasure.

"FUCK, FUCK, FUCK....." Sophie screamed as she orgasmed.

Her screams were muffled as the last guy forced his cock into her mouth and she sucked eagerly.

"Let me come on your heels" the guy fucking her mouth insisted.

She removed the cock and looked up.

"I don't give a fucking shit where you come, just shoot." 

She span around and taking the thickly slimed cock with her gloved hand, worked it hard. She rubbed it over her nylon stockings and down on towards her shoes. Unbeknown to Sophie another guy who had been watching and wanking, came with a long stream of cum onto her nyloned leg. Using her fingers she scooped the white sperm up from her seamed stockings and sucked the cum into her mouth, licking them clean as the cum dripped from her long red nails.

Knelling, she took the now spent cock and worked some more cum out with her tongue. This final act caused the shoe guy to blow his load on Sophie's 6 ½ inch red patent stilettos. The cock spent, she removed her shoe and holding the high heel in her gloved hand, licked all the cum from the shiny shoe. Using the thin heel like a spoon, she drove it side on across her face so as to retrieve any facial cum. She licked along its length and finally inserted the entire heel into her red lips and all the way into her mouth. She slipped her shoe back on and removed the second shoe to give it a cleanup with her tongue.

Sophie loved the taste of cum and could never get enough.

The guys fucking Shelly had shot they loads into her cunt and arse and she was now looking for more, jealous she hadn't had cock and cum in her mouth like her sister.

The two sisters, stood up, moved towards each other. Horny with excitement they met, looking into each other's eyes. 

"You look such a slut Sophie" Shelly said.

Shelly cupped her sister's face. Kissing, they drove their tongues into each other's red lipsticked mouths, Sophie running her lacy gloved hands over Shelly's stockings and back up to her tits. Shelly licked any remnants of cum from Sophie's face.

They moved to the floor.

As if choreographed, Sophie lay on the floor and Shelly mounted her in a 69. The girls spread their legs wide, their lacy hands worked on their stocking tops whilst enthusiastically forcing their tongues and then fingers into each other's cunts and arses. The girls enjoying the cum they managed to gleam from each other's well fucked holes and sucked on their cum covered fingers.

The guys stood and enjoyed the sight, and what a sight it was.

Two gorgeous blond haired sisters in slut make up; sheer black seamed stockings; the highest heeled stilettos; covered in spunk; tonguing each other cunts; forcing their lace covered hands & fingers into each other's wide gaping arses. 

Shelly went over the top, closely followed by Sophie, both women shuddering to an orgasm and shaking violently.

"Fist my arse you bitch, I need it hard" ordered Shelly, as her shaking subsided and now wanting even more gratification.

Sophie made a fist and brought it to the entrance of Shelly's gaping rectum. It was well lubed with cum and lubricant and Sophie thought about driving the fist straight into her sisters gaping hole. Instead she started with three fingers, then four, then wrapping her thumb inside her hand, (still in her lace gloves) drove her fist all the way in. 

Holding it there for a few seconds, she removed it and started the process again. This speeded up, and she was soon fisting her sister's arse at full speed. Time and again, in and out, Sophie fisted Shelly's gaping hole and Shelly loved it. Her bangles jangled to the rhythm of the music.

"Fist my arse harder, you fucking slut!.... FUCKING HARDER!...HARDER"... 

Sophie used two fingers from her other hand to stretch it further, and then three, the slight roughness of the lace increasing the pleasure still further.

"FUCKKKK...YOU SLUT..YOU FUCKING SLUT, FIST FUCK ME HARD, YES FUCKING YES, FUCKING YYYESS...FUCKKKK"....The vocal obscenities continued until Shelly shuddered to another massive orgasm.

It was soon apparent that the guys watching were now very hard again, craving to fuck Shelly's engorged arse hole. One at a time cocks were forced into her wide gaping arse, whilst Sophie tongued her sister's clit. Shelly was having multiple orgasms as each cock shot large amounts of cum into her accommodating hole. At one point two of the guys forced both their cocks into her sphincter with a corresponding amount of semen shot into her rectum. Eventually, the guys were spent and it was left to the two sisters again. 

Shelly had finally finished multiple orgasming and realised she should to do something for her sister. 

"Sis, I have some cum for you," knowing what her sister craved most.

Shelly sat up and squatted over her sister's mouth. Her heels stretched her leg muscles. The tight corset still maintained her hour glass figure; the suspenders pulled her stocking taught. 

placing her lace covered hands behind her; she pulled her arse cheeks apart to reveal her dripping arse hole. Sophie knew what was coming and used her fingers to pull it even further open, revealing even more of Shelly's large gaping, stretched, fuck hole. Shelly began to force the spunk out of her arse and into Sophie's waiting mouth. Long strings of cum were squeezed out onto Sophie's waiting tongue. More and more cum continued to flow. Sophie's cherry red lips now covered in thick white semen, she licked them clean and continuously swallowed. Sophie forced her tongue deep into her sister's rectum, so as to retrieve any final cum that remained. 

Shelly dropped forward to attend to her sister's cunt, fisting and tonguing Sophie to another orgasm, her legs wide and open. She pulled them up high as she started to cum. Sophie began to shake as she had her biggest orgasm yet. Such was her love of cum 

They stopped for a breather, all temporarily spent.

The guys clapped appreciatively, as if it was a performance and I guess in some ways it was.

Mike knelt down and gently kissed the girls.

"Get cleaned up and I'll get us some drinks." 

"Thanks Mike. That was some fuck" Shelly said.

"....and we didn't even know all their names" Sophie added. 

"We're such sluts" Shelly concluded. 

The guys were spent, but the girls would soon want more.      

This was a night that could only get better....

To be continued....