 We were having fun, so why not? I gave the wink to Tara, but we decided not to let on to Ari just yet.

After we had all dried one another we returned to the sitting room to try and dry up the water we had splashed everywhere. We may not have been too successful, but it was better.

The two of us retired to the bedroom and lay down on the bed. Ari got the message and excused himself to order more food and drinks. He closed the door so the waiter would not get an eyeful of two naked women. 

We talked and laughed and planned our next moves. We heard the door opening and voices, then it closed again, and Ari came in. 

We got quite a shock to see he had another yummy young man with him. He appeared German with his almost white blonde hair, piercing blue eyes and pink cheeks. This one was for me.

"May I introduce Georg? He is a colleague and is also staying in the hotel."

He certainly could, although Georg looked flustered but soon recovered when we got up and joined them in the sitting room where there was a tray of scrumptious looking sandwiches and refills for all the drinks, including a fresh ice bucket.

I removed Georg's jacket and knelt down to take off his shoes and socks. I don't think that was quite what he was expecting, and when I unzipped his fly and loosened his belt, he was embarrassed as his willing cock popped out. Ari obviously has good taste.

I pulled his restricting trousers down and he stepped out of them. It was too much for me. I smeared some egg mayonnaise from a sandwich and rubbed it over him before I clamped my mouth over it and suckled like a newborn baby. This was a new taste and I loved it. He grabbed my hair and dropped down on to the couch. This was good as I had unrestricted access to his cock and balls. I was already wet and when I felt him rising even further, I let him go and settled on to his lap so I could embrace this wonder. He had a breast in his mouth before I could even think and I leaned back in bliss.

This was too much for Tara and Ari and they retired to the bedroom.

I wound my legs round his back and rubbed back and forth on him for a while but we were both so hot that I used a hand to guide him into my pussy. We both gasped as he filled me to capacity and I clenched my muscles tightly over him. He was mauling my breasts and I had my nails in his back. We were both too far gone to notice the pain. I rose and fell on to him and he tried to rise to meet my movements. Despite my previous couplings during the night, I was ready for him. And he was obviously so excited at this encounter that he began to shake. 

"Cum for me, Georg. Fuck me violently. I need you deep up me. You are my ravening tiger, bite me. Draw blood to excite us even more. Fuck me, you beast. Fuck me hard and wildly."

He co-operated and I could feel his teeth in my breast and his nails tearing into my back.

"You are my wild animal. I need more. Fuck me. Don't hold back."

He didn't need to be told twice. He rolled me over the table and stuck me like a pig. I screamed and thrashed, but he wouldn't let go. He pumped into me with all his strength and my breasts were being crushed into the table. I raised my butt to get him in even deeper and he responded with thrusting even harder and faster.

I clenched and screamed once more as I let everything go. He felt me cumming and let his sperm spurt into me with such force I thought it would break through my skin.

As he caught his breath, I rolled over and climbed painfully on to the couch.. "Come to me, you wonderful fucker. I want to taste those mixed juices. Give me that cock. I will work on you till you are ready again. I am not nearly done with you."

He stood next to my head and put his cock into my mouth. Heavens, but this was bliss.

We were interrupted for a second as two shrieks came from the bedroom. They were obviously also having fun. Perhaps we should join them. I had never experienced a foursome so it would be worth seeing how it worked.

We flopped on to the bed next to them and the contrast between Ari's milk chocolate skin and Georg's pale whiteness was erotic in the extreme.

Tara winked at me and we excused ourselves to get more drinks. "You men need to rest up for a while so we will wait on you."

We discussed our options and decided we would both work on Georg as Ari had had a good innings these past two evenings. We were still not sure how it would work but were willing to give it a go.

Tara chose another bottle of bubbly and I brought the Cognac. The boys were not into that, so she poured three glasses for them and I filled a shot glass for me, before joining them on the bed.

I drank my shot down in one gulp and reached for a refill. As I replaced the bottle in the table I 'accidentally' spilled it over Georg. It ran down his cock, on to his belly and down to his balls.

"I am so sorry. Let me clean you up."

I leaned over and licked it all off. There was definitely still life down there.

When I looked up, Tara was letting her drink dribble into Ari's mouth and he was enjoying that. He was also showing signs of life.

"Come now. We have wasted enough time. Please lie down Georg, with your legs hanging over the end of the bed."

The mere thought of more sex had him up and waiting. Good.

Tara took her usual position, crouched over his head and lowered herself slowly to make sure he had a good look at her wet, swollen pussy. It always amazes me that she can cum so easily from a mouth job.

I knelt over Georg and pressed his cock into my slit.

Ari was no slouch, and immediately took up his position behind me with his cock pressing against my butt. I prayed that this would work.

To make sure they were both lubricated, I rubbed them both along me in turn. It also got them erect and huge.

I slid over Georg for a while, but soon needed more. Meanwhile Ari was pressing gently against my anus. It is such a sensitive area that I groaned. He was considerate and took his time, pushing in small moves to make sure he didn't hurt me.

I took Georg and pushed him into me. It seemed to me that his cock was even larger than previously, or maybe it was because Ari was also inside and the two were pressing through the thin skin dividing the holes.

We had trouble synchronising our movements as I was rising and falling and Ari was pushing in and out. I leaned over and grabbed Georg's arms and Ari took a firm hold on my breasts. Why hadn't someone told me years ago that this would be so blissful? I would have gone in for threesomes a long time ago.

I looked up. Tara was watching in wonder and the site of two cocks penetrating me was increasing her desire. I think she was anticipating them skewering her. Her eyes were glazing over and her breathing was irregular. 

The sight of her excitement sent me over the top and I rode Georg crazily with absolutely no thoughts in my head except the pleasure of the moment. We were all sweating madly and the grunting and groaning could have woken up all the animals in the zoo. It had become a primeval coupling with the only ending, total release.

I clenched and thrashed, but Ari had me firmly in his grip and kept on pumping into me. I thought I would explode into little pieces. My knees were giving way and I was helpless in this fucking pleasure.

Would it go on forever? I wanted it to, but the tension was intense and I felt the rolling spasms once more overtaking me. I screamed and twitched and this set the men off. Ari gave one tremendous push and I collapsed over Georg, forcing his cock in up to his balls.

Tara shrieked and arched her back until I thought it would break and almost simultaneously I felt two streams of sperm filling the last centimeters of me. I was filled completely to capacity and the juices began to run out.

Tara collapsed sideways off Georg who was panting and gasping. I stayed put for a few moments longer until I felt both cocks receding.

Already I was wondering if we could involve even more people in this kind of basic sex. Now that would be something to experience.