 It was a beautiful day in late spring and my husband and I were going on a trip out of town for the weekend. We have been together for 17 years and while things have always been good in our sexual relationship, we have from time to time tried to spice things up.

Before this trip I thought I would try something that I never had before. I bought a longhaired redheaded wig, (which is a contrast to my normal mid-length brown hair) a little black dress with a plunging neckline and some strappy black healed shoes. 

I kept my new items hidden from my husband. When we left for our trip on Friday afternoon, I wore my usual travel sweats. I packed a picnic lunch to save a little money and had decided we would stop and eat at a rest area. After driving for a while we stopped at a rest area and I grabbed my bag and told my husband I might be a little while and I would meet him at the car. 

I then went inside and change into my new outfit. I when I went into the restroom to change; first I went into the stall and changed into the dress. I was getting all kinds of looks from the women coming in as I put up my hair and put on the wig. 

I don't think I've ever been as nervous as I was walking out of that rest area. I walked to his side of the car and asked him through his open window if he was hungry, I could tell by the look in his eyes that he definitely like what he was seeing. We decided we would go to a picnic table at the far end of the rest area. 

As I bent over to grab the basket from the backseat, my husband came up behind me, pushed my skirt up to expose the thong I was wearing and started rubbing his cock against my ass. It felt sooo good I almost didn't want to get up, but I did and we walked to the table. As we ate, all I could think about was how hot he looked. There didn't seem to be anyone else around and I decided that with this new wig, I could do things that I wouldn't normally do. So, I walked around to his side and sat down next to him. 

I started rubbing his cock through his pants and kissing him deeply, pulling his tongue all the way into my mouth and sucking it. Then I told him how badly I wanted to have him in my mouth! My husband hates to disappoint me, but he's also not a very big fan of public displays like that, or so I thought. I was very surprised when he unzipped his pants and exposed his already hard cock. I didn't think twice or ask any questions, I just started stroking and sucking his cock. 

Taking my fingers and lightly rubbing up and down the shaft and around the head, wetting his cock with my mouth so that my fingers would slide more easily. Then I took his cock in my mouth, relaxed my throat and took his whole length in. I was enjoying my self so much; I didn't even notice the crowd that gathered. My husband tapped me on the head and I looked up to see three men with their cocks out stroking them as they watched my husband and me. 

At first they just stood there watching then one asked if I would mind stroking his cock, I looked up at my husband and he said that I should help him out. So, I stroked this strangers cock as I sucked on my husbands, then I could feel this man start to shake in my hand and knew he was about to cum, my husband said "I want you to let him cum on your face", I wasn't sure but did as I was told. He shot so much cum, it was dripping down my face onto my dress. The stranger thanked us and looked around at the other men with their cocks out and smiled. 

When the next one came over to us, my husband could no longer hold it and shot his load! Adding it to the stranger's cum already all over my face. The next man was even more bold then the last and asked if I would suck him off since I was done with my husband and the show was so good. I looked at my husband and he said "go for it", at that I said to him "only if you do" another man walked up in front of him and was stroking his cock slowly waiting to see what his answer would be. 

My husband looked me right in the eye and slowly lowered his head to the other mans cock. As he did I started to suck the cock in front of me, my husband followed my lead and did as I did to his mans cock. It didn't take long before the man in front of me was ready to cum, seeing that my husband had done everything I did; I let the man cum in my mouth and swallowed every drop. There was so much cum, I had a hard time swallowing it all. He must have been saving it up for a week. 

My husband looked at me with wondering eyes and I shook my head yes and showed him my empty mouth. He took a breath, and started sucking harder, pumping his hand up and down this mans cock, when the man exploded my husbands eyes got wider, and wider but he took that mans load and swallowed it all down. Some escaped from his lips, but like a good cocksucker he licked it up. It was so hot! 

My husband leaned over and started to clean up all cum that was still all over my face. Then without warning, my husband stood me up, bent me over the table, pulled up my skirt, pushed aside my thong and plunged his again hard cock deep inside me. It felt so good him fucking me with such urgency I just couldn't keep quiet and let out moan after moan, then just as I was about to cum, he whispered that he was cumming in my ear and that was all it took I felt like I was never going to stop, climax after climax seemed to wash over me. I don't even know how many times I came! 

There was just one man left, I had him come over. I started to jerk his cock, it was so huge. I told my husband to get down on his knees and open his mouth. He got down and opened wide. I could tell he was getting so close to cumming, he said to be careful that he was a big cummer. I felt his cock swell, and knew he was about to cum. He started to cum, there was so much I didn't think my husband could swallow it all. Being the trooper he is though, he swallowed it all. He did have to wipe it off with his hands, but he licked them clean too. 

The rest of the ride was pretty uneventful but once we got to the hotel, well that was another story. My husband can't wait for that freaky red head to join us again.