 The pool party was building towards its crescendo. Five middle age couples, all good friends, gathered at the home of Will and Thelma on a regular basis for these gatherings. The large home was on the outskirts of town and the pool was discreetly protected from view. 

The parties had been gathering steam for almost three years. They began as house parties alternating between the homes of different couples. Gradually the numbers attending decreased as the sessions became more intimate. Suggestive talk and actions, adult games and porno video clips became the norm. During the warmer weather, Thelma and Will became regular hosts because of their beautiful outdoor pool.

At a certain point in the evening, after the consumption of more than enough alcohol, the craziness would begin. Neil and Thelma, two of the more outgoing participants, started the ball rolling on this particular evening. The two of them were in the pool, splashing and chasing each other, when Neil pulled Thelma's bra off and threw it out on the pool deck. It was not the first time he had done it. Thelma never really put up much resistance and quite enjoyed the attention.

This was the tipping point for the rest of the group. The combination of alcohol and a few hours of suggestive talk and flirtation was enough to encourage the rest to either jump in or be pushed. The squeals of laughter were soon followed by a storm of swimsuits flying out of the pool. It was an unwritten rule that one could only remove an article from one who was not your mate. 

Despite the suggestive actions of eight or ten naked persons thrashing around in the water, group sex activity had not yet evolved, at least not at the parties. But it seemed as if it was only a matter of time before it would start.

There were two of the group however, who never joined in with the pool craziness. Thelma's husband Will, the owner of the home, and Neil's wife Susan, were considered the "quiet ones", the "wall flowers" of those who attended regularly. And while they seldom participated in party hijinks, they did accept that their spouses loved to play on the edge, and both of them seemed relaxed with that reality. 

They were behind the bar located at one end of the pool on this particular evening. They chatted easily, every once in a while shaking their heads at the antics in the pool. They were the unofficial waiters and bartenders for most parties.

Will was a successful businessman, reasonably wealthy, tall and strong of body and mind. He was the type of guy that people sought out for advice, whether of a financial or personal sort. He was reserved by nature, but enjoyed being around others who were more outgoing. He drank enough that it did not bother him to be around drunks.

Susan was a "jolly grandmother" type, despite being a few years south of fifty. Like Will, she was not demonstrative and just liked to be the one that helped out others. 

She was short with a thick body and very large breasts. Her body shape was one of the reasons that she did not join in the poolside fun. She was not comfortable wearing a bathing suit in public. 

Will and Susan had become quite close over the past year, and both looked forward to these parties as it provided an opportunity to spend time with each other. They were growing more intimate as time passed and kissed and touched when they could steal moments alone. The desire for each other remained largely unspoken, but their eyes and body language revealed their inner thoughts.

It had become strangely silent in the pool. Horseplay was replaced by thoughts of sex by people not quite certain how to deal with it in a group. When one found oneself standing within inches of a naked and semi-aroused other person, the first reaction was to just stare and try to sense whether he or she was considering the same thoughts as were you.

Couples began to form. Nipples rubbed and touched chests and arms. Hands hidden from view found and caressed bare cocks and pussies. The more daring kissed in full view of others, while giving and receiving pleasure below water. 

Neil and Thelma were sitting side by side on the entry steps into the pool, water just about their waists. They were not touching, just looking as they chatted. 

"Have you thought about last week?" said Thelma.

"I have thought of nothing else. I am sorry for how it happened," murmured Neil.

"Why, did you not want to do it? Seemed to me like you did."

"Oh yes, yes, I have wanted to put my cock in you for months. It was not that. It was the fact I got off so fast, and after it was over, I was upset thinking about Will. He's such a neat guy and there am I 'porking' his wife."

Thelma spread her legs. Neil looked down to see her pussy spread wide open just below the surface of the water. "Are you sure you wouldn't want to pork his wife again?" said Thelma.

Will and Susan could feel the sexual tension emanating from the pool. Susan pushed her hip against Will. Will turned towards her and rubbed his hard cock against her. Susan moved to face him, using his body as a shield from the others. To an onlooker they appeared to be chatting normally but their minds were elsewhere. 

Susan was wearing a skirt and low-cut blouse, her large breasts prominently on display. Will's eyes drifted down to them and then back up to meet hers, running his tongue around his lips suggestively. Susan reached ahead and rubbed his cock, which was forming up along the inside of his crotch.

"Does anyone else but me know how hot you are? You stand there like a school teacher looking cool and collected as you rub my cock," he grinned.

Susan rubbed the flat of her hand along the bottom of his cock now jammed up along his belly. "Oh not many," she said, appearing intent on their conversation for the benefit of others who might glance over at them. "My hubby knows how hot I am, and the way he is playing with your wife right now means he will be testing those waters tonight in bed." 

Will's eyes were slits as he tried to remain calm despite the pleasure that Susan was dispensing. He caressed her breast and said, "One day you must let me take them out and make love to them."

Susan's face flushed at his touch. "I would love that, you know I would, I wish we could go to bed." She clenched his cock tightly.

"We should get more supplies," said Will, "we seem to be low on mixes and ice."

They drifted off into the house. Once inside Will pulled Susan into a spare room, closed the door and pushed her up against the wall. 

"What do you think you are doing?" Susan was coquettish in her question, her eyes daring him to do more.

Her lips parted for his tongue when he pulled in tight against her. He forced his knee in between her legs and ran his hands up her sides to the swell of her breasts.

"Not as much as I want to do," groaned Will, "we don't have time, we never do, why won't you meet me alone some time?"

He dropped his hands to the hem of her skirt and pulled it up to her hips. He slipped one hand between them and down to her pussy. She was not wearing panties. "You witch," he said between clenched teeth, "if the others could see you now."

"You know why," she panted, "you will have to be happy with what you get from me now. Oh Will!" His fingers parted the hairs of her bush and worked in between her legs.

She quickly undid his belt and top button on his shorts, unzipped him and pulled his hard cock out of his briefs. "I think that I had better settle you down, we don't have much time."

He moved his hips back to give her room, bracing his hands each side of her head as she gave him a two-handed whacking. 

"God Susan, let me put it in between your legs. Just let me slide it along your slit."

She groaned, "Oh no, that's too much, you won't stop will you, you will want in me." She pushed his cock down and spread to allow it between her legs. She slowly moved her hips back and forth, sliding her swollen pussy lips along the top of his cock. They kissed with passion, her big tits grinding his chest, their bodies glued as if trying to absorb the other.

Just as she was pushing herself to her toes, and he was starting to crouch down to get his knob in her entry hole, they heard somebody enter the kitchen. They withdrew from each other reluctantly, helping the other to straighten up.

"That was close, things are getting dangerous between us," she smiled.

He was serious as he said, "Find a way for you and Neil to stay on after the other's leave tonight."

She responded simply, "Yes, okay."

Will had no idea what would happen then, but it was a first step. He was desperate to fuck her and knew that she wanted him as well. 

These bold moves this night had been prompted by the actions of his wife Thelma. She was always pumped up and horny after each party. However, following the previous party she had been subdued, just laying there as Will teased and kissed her. He sensed some tension in her and paused in his foreplay to ask if something was wrong. 

She turned her head to face him and said, "I let Neil fuck me tonight at the party," and looked away.

Will propped himself up on an elbow, pulling her face towards him and said, "It must have been fast, I saw you most of the night. Did he force the issue?"

"It was unplanned, and very quick, we met by accident in a bedroom. I was coming out of the bathroom as he entered. As a joke I asked him if he needed any help. 

He said yes and pulled me into the bathroom and suggested I take his cock out. It was a dare, and you know how I react to dares. I was still not serious as I took it out, and held on to it. His eyes went kind of wild and we both just lost it. The feel of his hard hot bone in my hand blurred my mind to what was happening.

He started fucking my hand and feeling my pussy. He lifted me up on the sink counter and pulled my panties off. He didn't force me, I helped get them off and spread when he pushed his cock at me. It did not last long; he just got in me and was off in seconds. I didn't even get going. Sorry baby, but it just happened." 

Will had remained calm, as his wife had revealed her quick affair. He was more surprised than shocked. He had never really believed that she would stray despite her outrageous behavior at parties. He leaned in and kissed her, pushed her legs apart and mounted her. As his cock parted her pussy lips and forced its way up her still tight pussy he whispered in her ear, "My first wet deck. That really turns me on." 

He fucked her hard that night, as if punishing her for playing around with another man. But after it was over, he pulled her close and told her of his love for her. They both felt a new sense of freedom, as if released from bonds set by some unknown controller.

The others did not seem to notice Will and Susan return to the bar carrying mixes and ice. Most were out of the pool, some in the open deck shower or standing around laughing and toweling. Some had dressed in their regular clothes, but there were a few bare tits and cocks still swinging around. Will and Susan carried hot rum cocktails out to the group. 

Thelma and Neil were sitting on the edge of the pool, chatting and laughing as Thelma tucked her tits into the bikini bra. Neil was still nude and still hard. One of the ladies was daring Thelma to grab it. "If you won't I will," she laughed, threatening to swim towards them.

With one tit still not back in her bra, Thelma reached over and put her hand around Neil's cock. He yelled out, "Jesus Thelma, Susan might catch you." There was a scream of laughter as everyone looked over to Susan, standing demurely behind the bar.

Susan grinned and murmured to Will, "Looks like I am going to get some action tonight. He's such a bastard, but I don't mind it. The story of my life, he gets all charged up chasing other women, but so far at least, he saves it for me."

Will was not even tempted to tell her what her hubby had done with his wife but said, "What would you do if you found out that he did hump another woman?"

Susan looked directly into his eyes and said, "Well then, in that case, you would surely get lucky."

They had been playing and teasing each other at parties for some time, but their near miss just a few minutes previous was the closest they had come to fucking. What had been a relaxed way of enjoying each other had taken on a new meaning, and they were filled with the anticipation of what might happen soon. 

Thelma and Neil were also experiencing that sense of anticipation. Despite vying with each other to be the most outrageous, the groping and suggestive chat had increased the desire for each other. The quickie they had shared had only added to the need. Thelma had not told Neil about her confession to Will. But as a result of Will's reaction, she had become even more provocative. Still holding his cock she mouthed the words, 'I want you'. 

Thelma and a few of the other women had talked secretly about group sex. Some of the men thought about it, but of course did not discuss it. The partygoers had broken new ground this night, with almost everyone naked and pairing off in the pool. Only the 'wallflowers' Will and Susan had not become involved. The sexual tension that evening was very high.

Susan managed the situation quite well, and within an hour after the excitement in the pool was over, the four of them were alone in the house, tired but relaxed. Thelma and Neil had no idea that they were being set-up in any way by their mates.

Will played some slow dance music and pulled Susan up for a dance. Their bodies were glued together, Susan's head on Will's shoulder, with one tit under his arm and the other pressing and rubbing on his chest. Her hips were thrust forward, seeking and finding his stiff cock. They entered their own little world as they had often done alone at parties, but this time in the presence of their mates.

Thelma and Neil sat frozen as they watched their normally reserved partners dancing in such an obvious erotic manner. After a few minutes, Thelma moved more closely to Neil and they kissed. 

She whispered, "I think our mates are telling us something." She raised one leg over Neil's lap and climbed part way on top of him for a long tongue-swapping kiss. Neil's hand found its way up the back of her exposed leg and caressed her ass cheek.

Will guided Susan towards the back door, his arm around her waist and said, "Susan wants to have a swim with me, be back in a while." He deliberately slipped one hand up the back of her skirt and fondled her bare ass as they left the room.

Neil looked up from his embrace with Thelma and said to her, "Susan doesn't like to swim, and she didn't bring a swim suit."

Thelma pulled his head back down and said, "Don't worry, Will's a great swimmer and I am sure they will solve the swim suit problem. C'mon baby, this is our chance, we have a green light don't you see?"

"Ah God, guess you are right," replied Neil, "Now I can finally taste your nipple." He pulled one tit out of her top and fastened his lips around the nipple.

Will slowly undressed Susan at the edge of the pool. She stood there quietly, the only indication of desire showing in her eyes. She had dreamed of this time for months. The thought of Will freeing her breasts had haunted her as his fingers fumbled with the front hooks. She watched his eyes as he pulled the cups apart and her big tits tumbled out. 

"Ah Jesus Susan, they are even more beautiful than I dreamed," he groaned as he lifted one tit up and lowered his face. Small button nipples centered her large brown aureoles. He nuzzled and licked her big tits, before taking a nipple into his mouth to suck.

He stepped back and loosened the belt on her skirt and dropped it to the deck. His eyes found hers as he held her bare pussy in his hand. "Ah God, I'm going to eat you and fuck you at last." They kissed with wild passion. She was wet and slippery. He pushed two fingers up her pussy, and clutched hard with the heel of his hand against her mound.

"I can't swim very well," she whispered, as he stripped down. 

"No worries, nobody is going to swim," he smiled as he drank in the beauty of her full naked body. He eased her down into the shallow end of the pool.

Their bodies came together in the cool water, her big tits floating, the nipples just breaking the surface. His cock slipped easily in between her legs as if drawn by a magnet. They stood there, desperately touching and feeling the other, rubbing their bodies together. 

Meanwhile Thelma and Neil were becoming more relaxed with the situation as well. Neither of them had ever thought that a night such as this would come their way. The months of outrageous play had been just that, fucking had only been a fantasy. After struggling awkwardly on the sofa to undress each other Thelma finally said, "What are we doing? We have four bedrooms in this house, let's do this in comfort." 

She led him by the hand to the Master Bedroom. She smiled to herself thinking it payback to fuck another man in Will's bed. She realized that she was a little shaken, having truly believed that Will would never desire another woman.

Before stripping down they peered out the bedroom window overlooking the backyard. Will had lifted Susan up to sit on the edge of the pool and was standing between her legs with his face nestled between her big tits. One hand was obviously busy in her pussy as he moved from one tit to the other. Susan was settled back on extended arms, her head thrown back enjoying the sensations.

"Goodness," said Thelma, "she has big tits. I guess that I never really noticed before. Will loves big tits."

Neil was still uncertain about seeing his wife in the arms of another man. Thelma realized this, kissed him and said, "C'mon baby, let's do what we have always wanted to do. This is all for pleasure, that's all. I want to feel that big cock of yours in me. Just leave it in a little longer this time."

The night was becoming a little chilly so Will and Susan climbed out of the pool, enjoyed a quick hot shower, before toweling each other and donning robes. They returned to the house, stopping to kiss and fondle every few steps. Both preferred this measured approach, allowing the anticipation to feed their desire. 

The door to the master bedroom was wide open. Will guided Susan to the doorway to watch her husband fucking his wife. The two of them were in another world, Thelma's legs locked around Neil's back, and his big hips raising and thrusting as his cock swooped in and out of her cunt.

Will and Susan kissed in the doorway, tongues lashing. Will whispered, "You okay with that Sue?"

"Yes, I just want some of it from you," her eyes heavy with desire.

They opened each other's robe as Will turned her back to the doorframe, lifted her leg in his arm, and slipped his cock easily into her. "Just a little right here baby, I want to finish that first stroke we almost had." 

Susan cried out softly as she felt Will's thick knob push aside her pussy lips and work relentlessly through the silky folds of her pussy until she could feel his pubic bone jammed up against hers. Somewhere in the back of her mind she heard the grunts and sounds of her husband slapping bellies with Thelma.

They fucked a while in the doorway, before heading for another bedroom. As they moved away, they could hear the sounds of their mates getting off. "Fuck me, fuck me, don't stop," from Thelma; her usual orgasmic shout.

Will sat on the edge of the bed and said, "One more request my sweet, can you guess what it is?" His eyes were fastened on her big tits. Susan smiled and knelt between his legs, she closed her tits around his cock and with her eyes fastened on his, pressed them tight as he slid his cock up and down between them.

The look in his eyes increased Susan's own heat and the need to feel him in her. She stood and pushed him back on the bed, slowly crawling over him, her knees each side of his hips and then lowered down on his stiff cock. She lay down on him squashing her tits on his chest and began fucking him fiercely, her ass bouncing as she rammed it in her again and again. 
