 She was driving through the rough part of town. It kind of made her mad because she was stood up for a date. She had stuck to her plan of sitting in the bar drinking glasses of dark soda, waiting. She wanted people to think she was drinking alcohol but didn't want to get drunk. Now she was stuck. When she realized he wasn't coming she finished her drink and left the bar, without peeing; A mistake. She had to pee now! But there was no place to go. Everything was closed and the alleyways were well lit. 

She drove on and kept her eyes open. Up in the distance she saw a neon beer sign. Next to it was the invitation, "Yes, We Are Open". She pulled up to the curb and parked. She didn't care that the bar looked questionable, in she went. It was dark in there and there were a few men whose eyes followed her as she made her way to the restroom which was under the Restroom sign. She saw the open stall and had her panties down before the stall door closed. As she sat there she closed her eyes and felt the sweet relief of peeing. She may have even sighed. She seemed to pee for ever!

When she opened her eyes to find toilet paper she noticed a hole in the wall. Strange she thought why don't they fix it? She grabbed a wad of toilet paper to wipe with. When she leaned back to wipe a huge hard cock was sticking through the wall. She blinked and almost dropped the toilet paper. She stared at the cock as she wiped. Many thoughts went through her mind. She had a girl friend who once talked about holes in restroom walls that gays used for anonymous sex, but she never heard of it in a woman's restroom. She wondered what would happen if she touched the hard cock.

Her hand reached out and she touched the cock. It was warm and the skin was soft as velvet. The tip of the cock was beautiful, perfectly shaped and large! Her hand didn't wrapped around the cock but she began to stroke it anyway. Slowly she felt every inch of it. Someone turned the juke box on in the bar and she could hear it. She continued to stroke the cock with her left hand and rubbed the tip of the cock with her right hand. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of the hard cock in her hands.

When she opened her eyes she had decided to lick the head of the cock. She leaned forward and licked the tip while still stroking it. Then she licked the shaft of the cock, its entire length. It was a wonderful feeling on her tongue. Finally she put the head in her mouth. She started to suck on that cock for real. She then remembered she was still sitting on the toilet with her pants down. She continued to suck the cock wanting to deep throat but the stall wall made it impossible. Soon her free hand made it down to her slick wet pussy. She rubbed the inside of her slick pussy lips. It felt good to have the hard cock in her mouth and her fingers rubbing her clit as she imaged fucking that cock. 

She started to cum as she worked more furiously on the cock. The owner of the cock must have sensed her cumming as his cock started to twitch and she could hear him give a grunt. Suddenly she could feel the uncontrollable spasms of the cock as it began to squirt cum in to her mouth. It kept cumming for a long time. She let the cum fill her mouth and dribble down her chin. When it was done it was withdrawn from her mouth and the stall hole. She let the cum run down her face onto her throat as she continued to masturbate herself to another orgasm. She heard the door close and assumed the stranger with the delightful cock was back in the bar. 

She came again. It felt really good, but she felt empty, wanting to feel that cock, or any cock, in her empty pussy. Then she realized she had to walk back through the bar to leave the premises! Which of those men had the huge cock and what was he telling the guys out there. It panicked and thrilled her all at the same time! Would they all know what happened in the bathroom? Then she realized that maybe one of those cocks out there might fill up her empty pussy. That was the thought foremost in her mind as she opened the stall door to leave the bathroom.

After she cleaned herself up and straightened her pants she opened the stall door and stepped out. There was a man in the bathroom! 

He looked at her and said, "I hear you give good blow jobs. I want one." Then he undid his zipper and pulled his half hard cock from his pants. 

She answered, "Why didn't you use the hole like your buddy?".

"Cause I want to see my cock gobbled up in that mouth of yours." 

She couldn't refuse an offer like that. She got down in front of him and took his cock in her hand. She could feel it getting a little harder. She blew on it. Then she opened her mouth and fed it in to her mouth. Her warm mouth could feel his cock growing in size as she began to suck it in and out. He leaned back gripping the sink behind him. The door opened. She didn't even look. She felt a hand on her shoulder; Hands down her front unbuttoning her blouse: Unhooking her bra; Hands messaging her breast and playing with her hard nipples. The cock in her mouth was starting to stir and tingle. She kept bobbing up and down on his hard cock. She knew he was close. She could feel he was close. She tasted his precum! She drew him out and pointed his cock at her tits. She wanted him to cum on her tits!

He squirted hot white cream on her as she stroked him. She took her hands and messaged it into her tits. Tasting his tangy cum on one finger while she looked him squarely in the eyes she thought she saw him wink at her. Then she felt hands on her hips as someone pulled her up off her knees. He undid her pants and pulled down her panties. Her pussy was so very wet! She just wanted to feel a hard cock fucking it! The hand pushed her forward. Her face now in the sink the man had been sitting on when she blew him. She felt hands on her ass and then they were parting her slick pussy. She felt what she thought was a finger entering her pussy. She squeezed down hard trying to feel it. The man who had bent her was banging into her with his body. Was this his penis? Suddenly he groaned. Then he stopped. She heard the door shut again. Did he cum??

Then she felt the most amazing feeling, a nice wet tongue probing her hole. It licked here and there; licked her slick folds; probed her fuck hole; lapped up the little juice that had been deposited there. Then the tongue licked her pink pucker. It licked from clit to asshole. A finger was shoved in her now overly excited pussy. As the tongue licked her asshole, the finger fucked her pussy. It sent her over the top. She began to cum. She made lots of noise as she came and came. The door closed again.

Before she was done cumming someone shoved a hard cock in her wet pussy. They pushed it in fast and hard. Pulled it out and shoved it back in with purpose. Fucked her hard but deliberately. She finally felt full! She was loving the cock fucking her. She relaxed and started to fuck him back. She loved the feeling of the cock filling her up and almost felt sad when he almost pulled it out again. Then he began to talk.

"You aren't the first slut we caught with our glory hole" He slammed into her for emphasis.

"But you are by far the best one we have caught". He slammed into her again. 

His cock so hard and commanding she knew he controlled her. "When I'm done with you some one else will come in and use you" Slam!

"He might fuck your mouth,.... your tits,.... your pussy..." Each time he slammed into her for emphasis. 

"But only I get to fuck your asshole" He slammed into her again. "Now tell me you want me to fuck your asshole."

Her mind raced! She had never been fucked in the ass before. But she had to admit she was really turned on. He started fucking her harder, bringing her to the brink of orgasm. Then he stopped. 

"Yes, Yes! I want to feel this hard cock deep inside my asshole. Fill me up with your cock! Just fuck me!! Make me cum!" He started fucking her again. This time he let her lead the rhythm and speed and let her use him to cum on. 

As she came he started drawing rings around her asshole with his finger. He took some of her cum and ran his finger over her asshole. He kept fucking her, now transfixed by her pink pucker. She could feel him playing with her asshole all the while slamming into her pleased pussy. It excited her! He pushed a finger inside and she nearly came. He kept fucking her as he drew the finger out. Then he plunged it back in a little farther this time. She was so excited it felt good to have his finger in her ass. He put another finger in her ass and started fucking her ass with them. He stopped fucking her pussy as he put another finger in her ass. She could feel his fingers going in and out of her and it felt good even if her pussy was empty. 

"Tell me how good this feels"

She whimpers and says," Too good to describe! It feels like sex!"

"Do you want my cock in there?" He was still fucking her with three fingers. In and out, feeling her tight asshole loosening a little bit.

"Yes baby! Fill up that juicy ass! Pound me!"

He put his cock back in her pussy to get some lube. Then he took his fingers out of her asshole....She came. It surprised her. She was cumming by having her asshole serviced. Now even more she wanted his cock in her asshole! She felt his cock head on the outside of her asshole. He started to push with even pressure. At first her ass wouldn't let him in. 

He grunted, "Relax". 

She tried to. Then suddenly his hard cock popped inside! He stopped. She didn't want him too. The burning sensation was quickly replaced by another more tantalizing feeling. Then suddenly everything relaxed and he forced himself farther inside. He pushed in little by little. She enjoyed the feeling of the cock in her ass. Finally he stopped and she could feel his balls resting on her pussy. She whimpered. She wanted to feel him sliding in and out. Feel this new feeling over and over again. 

She said, "Fuck my virgin asshole!" 

He started moving slowly at first. Then he gained speed. All the time she was focused on the feeling in her asshole. She heard herself making noises she'd never made before. She felt like an animal in heat! Then she heard herself begging for him to cum in her ass!

"Yes baby! Fuck that ass! Cum in that ass. Make me cum!!" 

He started to pound her harder then faster, pistoning in and out of her blossoming asshole. She could feel a strange tingling sensation. Then she felt his cock jerking and heard him grunting. He was cumming in her ass!! She felt him spasming and heard him grunting as he kept cumming. He kept fucking her as she started to cum too! It felt wonderful! Her pussy was empty but she was cumming from cock in her! Then she felt his cream drip out as he stopped fucking her.

He leaned forward and said, "That was great...one more cock to please and you are out of here" His cock slipped out of her dripping asshole.

Immediately she felt a cock in her pussy. It just started fucking her, hard and steady. In 2 minutes he was done and she heard the door close. She appreciated it because she needed to cum again! No more hands were put upon her. No cocks, no tongues, nor body parts of any sort. She stood up. She ran some water and cleaned her self up as best as she could. Adjusted her clothes and brushed her hair. She smiled at her self in the mirror.

She walked out of the bathroom. All eyes in the bar were staring at the T.V. She couldn't hear the T.V. so she looked at it. It looked like porn. Figures in a place like this she thought. She paused and looked again. The girl on the screen was stroking a huge cock through a wall hole. Now she was sucking it and playing with her pussy...OMG! They had taped her in the bathroom. She gasped! They all turned around and started clapping. She waved and walked out. Her cheeks were red but her pussy felt pretty good and the back door was happy too!