 How the hell do I get myself in these situations lately! That is what I thought when I woke up late that Sunday morning. I was beside my husband Jimmy in a hotel room in Brisbane. Jimmy was still sleeping soundly. I looked around the room and over at the other bed in the room and saw that it was empty. Well at least I thought I don't have to face the two young boys, I mean men that screwed me nearly all night long. I looked at my naked body in the bed and saw little bites and bruises all over my boobs and my pussy was sore from the punishment it received last night and love juice was all over the sheets. On the bright side I smiled to myself, there are now two less virgins in town.

As Jimmy slept beside me I relived the events of last night. Jimmy my husband of over 20 years is a big strong man, about 6 foot three inches tall a little overweight, salt and pepper hair and great to be around . I am 5 foot 10 inches in pretty good shape for my age, longish sandy hair and great c size perky boobs, thanks to a surgeon, lovely pink nipples and long legs and size 10 Australian. Jimmy loves to show me off and over the past 6 months or so we decided to expand our sex life and have some fun. We have had a number of dalliances with a good friend of our Tommo and Lee his wife joined in with Jimmy and Tommo a couple of months ago. Since then we have not had any chances to get together. 

We were in Brisbane about a four hour drive from home to watch the Wallabies play Argentina in Brisbane. My eldest son organised the weekend with a heap of his mates his girlfriend, Jimmy and myself months ago. My youngest son plays in Brisbane so we all went and watched him play footy then went to the hotel to book in and get ready to watch the game. 

The hotel bookings were a shambles from the start. They had double booked. Jimmy and I ended up getting a room but our son and all his friends didn't. The hotel found them another place to stay and off they went. They weren't concerned they just wanted to get some drinks and enjoy the night.

Our room ended up having two queen sized beds and a couch it was quite nice. We checked with in with our son and his friends and they had found the other hotel and were apparently all sorted as well. We decided to meet them at a bar on the way to the football grounds. The weather was warm, so I just put on jeans and a fairly low cut singlet top. We had drinks at the bar and the boys put some bets on. I know all of my sons friends as they often come to our place for drinks and a swim, all of them get on well together. Two of them are different to the rest. Harry is an apprentice diesel mechanic very slight build and fairly quiet. He is relatively tall not bad looking and fair hair. He does have a girlfriend but you never see them together, she is a homebody. Sam on the other hand is squat and solid he is dark featured with black hair. Sam is extremely smart and has a form of Asperger's. He gets caught on a subject or activity and cannot stop or change until in his mind he has the problem sorted. 

We all had a great time at the bar before heading off to the football. Although I did get the feeling Harry and Sam stared at me the entire time we were there. I even asked Jimmy about it. He just brushed it off as course they were looking at you he said. You're a great looking woman wearing tight jeans with a low cut top over a shear bra, they would be mad not to look. We went to the football had more drinks watched the Wallabies have a rare win and then started walking home. Jimmy and the rest were going to some bars on the way.

I told Jimmy I would see him when he got back to the unit. I whispered in his ear that I had my sexy lingerie on. Hoping that he would hurry back as we haven't had much loving lately and I was wanting some good sex. 

They all went off to a bar, when I got back to the unit I pulled of my shoes, jeans and removed my bra. Leaving the thin singlet top and my sheer panties on. I opened a bottle of wine and turned on Netflix. I was watching a show called "you, me- her" and I loved it. In the show a husband and wife spice up their marriage by hiring an escort. It always got me turned on. I may have given my boobs and pussy a little rub as I watched the show and drank my wine. It wasn't that long before I heard the card swipe at the door. Great I thought Jimmy got my hint about coming home and he may get lucky. I seductively positioned myself with singlet showing my already stiff nipples and spread my legs a little. I knew Jimmy would be able to see my puffy pussy through the sheer panties. 

The door sprang open and in marched not only Jimmy but Harry and Sam. I was sort of shocked and froze. Jimmy had a big shit eating grin on his face and both the boys just stared open mouthed. I knew they would have a great view of my vagina. I keep it bare, with a little landing strip pointing to what Jimmy calls the pleasure centre. I recovered and close my legs, nothing I could do about my breasts though and I knew my nipples were proudly on display. I mumbled an apology and asked why they were there and why did they come home so quickly.

Jimmy grabbed the three of them a beer from the fridge and refilled my wine. He sat beside me on the couch and Harry and Sam sat opposite on one of the beds. They both kept staring at me as they spoke. Jimmy said they went to a bar and the lads told him they had never seen a fully naked woman or ever had sex, so they decided to go to a strip club to see some naked girls. They all agreed in unison it was a bad choice as they were given a voucher for entry but when they got to the club, the voucher was for a free drink not entry .They then said that they paid the twenty dollar entry and then lined up for drinks . Then they would not serve them as they took cash before vouchers. Then Sam being Sam, complained in his no nonsense manner and they were all ejected from the club. I asked them if they saw any girls first. Both Sam and Harry replied that they had, but none were as pretty as you are Julie. I smiled and pushed my boobs out further at the compliment. All three were staring at my boobs. Sam continued saying the strippers all looked like sticks to him.

I asked them why they were here and not back at their hotel. Jimmy said he took them back to their hotel but the others they were sharing with had company and said they couldn't stay. I thought they could sleep in the spare bed here. I couldn't leave them with nowhere to stay he argued and I hesitantly agreed. Jimmy then asked Harry to get more beers and refill my wine. He did this with a shaky hand all the time looking at my body.

After a little more chitchat about their night I was curious to how these 20 year olds were still virgins. I asked Harry as I knew he had a girlfriend. He went red and mumbled that his girlfriend of nearly a year wouldn't sleep with him until they got engaged. He said when I really get frustrated and complain she lets me feel her boobs and pulls me off with her hand. Not only had that he continued she puts a tea towel over my dick so she doesn't have to see it and then when I explode she just leaves the tea towel and I have to clean myself up with it. Wow I thought, this is when I felt Jimmy's hand rubbing my thigh. I knew what he was up to now. 

Then I asked Sam why haven't you had the chance with any young females? You are a swimmer and pretty good looking. He also went red and said it's because of my nickname. Because of your nickname I repeated? He nodded. What's your nickname I asked him? Sam replied "beer can". I must have looked confused so Sam explained in his matter of fact way. It's because people think my dick looks like a beer can. He went on to say that when he was anywhere getting close to a girl he would show them his dick and they would be afraid of him. Then it was my turn to blush. All the while Jimmy was rubbing my leg higher and higher. He then asked me to get our guests and him another beer. I knew this was a challenge. I knew they would have a great view of my pussy and ass when I walked to the fridge. They already had a session of staring at my tits. I got up and went between the couch and the bed where Sam and Harry were sitting. They started open mouthed at my crotch as I moved past them. Jimmy gave my butt a light tap for good measure. They watched me go to the fridge. I bent over in exaggerated fashion, I thought that I would give them a great show. Especially seeing they have never seen a naked or near naked women before. Except for Harry of course who occasionally gets to feel his girlfriend's knockers. I spread my legs a little wider and bent over from the waist. I knew all three were staring at my ass. I'm sure they would have got a great look at my pussy through the sheer gusset of my panties too.

I felt myself get wet as they leered at me, I handed them their beers. Both Harry and Sam had tents in their jeans and Jimmy had a big happy grin on his face, he loved it when he could show me off and blokes lusted after me. To be honest it gets us both off. This is how we reinvigorated our marriage. I had until now only showed my assets off to close friends though, not my son's friends. I thought I would let them get a good look at me and then go to bed. At least they would be happy firstly to have a bed albeit a shared one with each other and to have seen a mostly naked woman.

I told them I was off to the bathroom then going to bed. I could hear them talking as I emptied my bladder and brushed my teeth. They were excitingly telling Jimmy I was the sexiest woman ever. They were both animated in their compliments. It must have been the wine but I decided to give them a real show. I removed my singlet top and let my boobs free, leaving me in my little panties. I made sure my nipples were stiff and waltzed back in to the room. All three just stared at my naked boobs. I told them to have a good night and hopped in to bed making sure my boobs were on show until I pulled up the covers. 

The room was quiet and Jimmy told them he was also going to bed. He went to the bathroom and soon joined me under the covers.

Both Sam and Harry went to the bathroom as well. I noticed they all just left their boxers on when they went to bed. They turned the lights down and there was just a glow in the room.

As soon as Jimmy was in bed his hand was on my pussy. He felt hot wet I was through my panties. I didn't stop him, soon he had my panties pushed up my pussy as far as they would stretch. He roughly pulled them aside so that he could finger me with his talented fingers. He gently rubbed my clit with his thumb as his fingers explored my pussy. I whispered to him to be quiet and make sure the boys were asleep before we went further. His head then went to my boobs. He latched on to my right nipple with his teeth and bit a little hard. I yelped in pain. 

I reached for his cock and it was rock hard. I pushed his boxers down and he in turn got rid of my panties. We played for what seemed like ages. He kept rubbing my pussy flaps and clitoris, I could feel my pussy juice running everywhere and Jimmy spread it with his fingers as it leaked out of my super excited snatch. I really needed to be fucked and told Jimmy to be quiet but get on top of me. 

He quickly got between my legs and pushed his cock it to me. Even after 25 years it still felt great when his cock pushed my pussy flaps apart and entered me. I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him in to me. It felt fantastic, I was so excited from flirting with Sam and Harry and knowing they were sleeping only a few metres away also excited me. My pussy squelched with the moisture as Jimmy fucked me. 

Then we both heard at the same time the rustling noise bedside us. Both Jimmy and I looked at the bed beside us and even in the dim light you could see both Sam and Harry were masturbating watching us. Jimmy stopped moving, his hard cock entrenched deeply in my pussy. All was quiet as they both stopped pulling themselves as well. Then to my utter amazement Jimmy told them that they should hop up and come and have a better look you may learn something he said. I said nothing I just laid there frozen. The boys jumped out of bed and one went of either side of us. Jimmy adjusted his position and pulled my butt up off the bed and he had his legs bent back under him, his cock pushed back between my pussy flaps and nestled about half way in me. At least I thought I was covered by the sheets and it was dark so they could not see much. 

Well that didn't last, as they stood beside the bed Jimmy pulled the covers right off. I was on my back with my legs spread around my husband and his cock was still hard in my pussy. Then Sam said he couldn't see properly and turned on the bedside lamp. I was totally exposed. Both Sam and Harry started in wonderment as Jimmy slowly started to move. Slow little strokes slowly moving his cock in and out of me. The boys watched as my flaps were slowly spread and closed around my husband's cock. My boobs wobbled up and down and my body moved when Jimmy pushed forward and back. 

I looked at them both and they had their hands down their boxers rubbing their cocks. Jimmy knew I was excited this was new to us. Jimmy told them if they promised not to tell anyone ever then they could touch my boobs. They both quickly promised and grabbed for my boobs. They pinched and rubbed my nipples. Jimmy continued with slow deliberate strokes. He told them they could lick them and they both latched on to them. I rubbed their heads as they licked at my breasts. Jimmy played with my clitoris as he continued to push forward and back, in this position he couldn't get his whole length in to me. Usually he would have been pounding me by now he was being very patient. Loving looking at these two licking at my breasts. I felt like Stifler's mum in American pie movie. 

Jimmy them told them that they should show me how much they appreciated me. Sam asked him what he meant. Jimmy told them to get naked and show me their cocks. They quickly kicked off their boxers and their hard young cocks sprang in to view. Harry had a long thin cock, much like Tommo's I thought. Then I looked at Sam's no wonder they called him beer can, his dick was shaped like a beer can. It was about the same diameter as a can and about 6 inches long. No wonder it scared young girls. 

I was so excited I reached for their cocks and stroked them. I knew I shouldn't they after all were my son's friends. But I reasoned I was helping them sort out their sexual issues. They both groaned as I stroked them. Both cocks were so different but so good and so hard. I pulled them closer and rubbed their cocks over my boobs. They were in seventh heaven. 

Jimmy extracted his cock from my pussy. He hopped off the bed and came around beside Harry. I knew what he wanted to happen and so did I. He urged Harry to move from my side and move between my legs. He looked in bewilderment as he got between my legs, I reached out and guided his penis towards my pussy. I rubbed it up and down my pussy flaps and then pulled him towards me with my legs. His long thin penis slipped easily in to me. Harry gasped in pleasure as his entire length entered me. His cock felt exactly like Tommo's going deep in to my nether regions. I just gripped Harry with my legs as he pushed in and out of me. I was just starting to get a glowing feeling when he abruptly came. I could feel his come explode deep in my wet pussy. I am sorry he said I could not help it, it just felt so great. I assured him it was Ok it was his first time. 

Sam however was pulling at him, saying my turn, my turn. I slowed him up and told him that for him I would get him to lie on his back. He quickly complied and his thick cock was touching his belly. I moved on top of him and grabbed his weapon, I still marvelled at its thickness. I slowly put my pussy flaps over his knob and let my pussy adjust to the thickness. I rocked back and forwards and slowly I sank down on his thick cock. He looked like he won the lotto, he was so happy. As my pussy adjusted to his girth I started to move up and down on him. My pussy was full stretched to its limit or at least I thought as full as when Jimmy and Tommo (Jimmy's mate both fucked my pussy at the same time.) Unfortunately Sam didn't last any longer than Harry did and was soon telling me of his impending orgasm. He groaned as he came. I felt a torrent of come explode in to me. As soon as Sam settled down I lifted myself off his cock and Jimmy grabbed me from behind. I had sort of forgotten about him while I looked after Harry and Sam. He wasted no time in mounting me from behind. Jimmy's cock split my pussy lips and sunk right in to me to the hilt. He held my hips and brutally fucked me. His balls slapped against me as he fucked me hard. I loved it after the two short stints with the boys this is what I needed and Jimmy knew it. 

Showing off now Jimmy kept his rhythm up , he told Sam and Harry as they watched on in awe, that this was definitely a once off so they should learn as much as they could tonight from Julie. This seemed to spur them on and in no time they were mauling my tits as they swung back and forwards as Jimmy serviced me. Sam got on the bed and started to lick and nibble at my sensitive nipple. He grabbed my other boob with his big hand leaving Harry left out. I couldn't believe Harry then presented me his hard cock to suck on. I baulked at this I tried to use my hand to rub it but couldn't as I needed it to balance. Jimmy urged me to suck it for him. So I did. Again I thought to myself, as I opened my mouth and sucked his long cock .How did this happen not only did I let my sons friends fuck me but now I was giving head to one as the other bit at my tits.

This continued until Sam decided he wanted me to suck him. So he pushed Harry out of the way and presented his fat cock to me. I tried to suck it but licked at his fat knob and that seemed to satisfy him. Harry replaced Sam under me but he also felt for my clitoris. He started rubbing my clit and pussy as Jimmy continued his assault on me. I think Jimmy was directing him but couldn't see all I knew was it felt great and I finally felt a huge orgasm coming. Jimmy knew this and unleaded his spunk deep in to my pussy as I convulsed. I collapsed face first on the bed, ass still up in the air. 

Jimmy removed himself from me and I could feel my pussy starting to leak . I could feel a gallon of come starting to run out of me. They let me relax and Jimmy rolled me over on to my back. I looked at both Sam and Harry both of their cocks were rock hard and pointing straight out above me. Jimmy told them that they should lick me clean. He told them girls love a man who can give good head. 

They both dived at my pussy. Jimmy told them to be patient and Harry got between my legs. With Jimmy's direction he soon had my pelvis involuntary lifting towards him. He had his tongue deep in my pussy licking up come as he flicked my clit. Sam played with my boobs and rubbed my body with his other hand. Then they swapped. Sam licked at my butt as instructed by Jimmy. Soon he had his tongue pushing in to my rear. His fingers flicked my button and his thumb was up my pussy as he continued to fuck my freckle with his tongue. This kid had talent I thought as I felt another climax approach. I nearly passed out when I climaxed. 

Sam asked if he could fuck me again. Without me answering he spread my legs and started pushing his beer can cock in to me. Lucky I was well and truly ready now and he got his slug in to me. I wrapped my legs around him and pushed his full length in to me. Harry's cock was near my mouth so I reached out and pulled it into my mouth. What the fuck I thought I better give him a great blow job. I rubbed his balls and shaft with my right hand as I sucked the head of his cock. Sam was staying a lot longer this time and my poor pussy was copping a beating. When Harry informed me he was going to come I move my mouth away and aimed his cock at my boobs. A torrent of come shot out of his cock all over me and the bed. Harry sighed in enjoyment. This pushed Sam over the edge and he blew his load in to me. 
