 Melissa was entertaining two guests when there was a knock at the door. Not expecting anyone, she rose to see who it might be. Looking through the peephole, she saw a most gorgeous man. It was her boyfriend – he was leaning against the door propped, up by one arm. He cast his gaze down the hallway. Tracing his distinguished profile with her eyes, she licked her lips. Even through the slight distortion caused by the small hole, she could identify his strong brow, sparkling eyes, delicious slightly parted lips and chiseled jaw. She loved to apply tiny licks and nibbles to that chin between kisses. 

She opened the door and greeted him with a devilish smile. He turned to face her, scanning her body down and up again. She was wearing his favourite black leather waist cincher – the one that rose just beneath her breasts. Her cleavage, assisted by the matching leather bra, was outstanding. The skirt he had not seen before.

"Turn around," he requested gently. She did, slowly, in her towering platform heels. It was a perfectly authoritative black leather pencil skirt, kept tightly in place by a zipper running all the way down her back to the hem. "You look great," he said, still standing at the door.

"Thank you." She smiled, leaning forward to lick his lips tenderly. They kissed softly at first, then increasingly deep, their tongues darting and swirling, so pleased to be touching once again. Melissa pulled away first, letting her hand slide down his chest from where it had been resting on his shoulder. She took hold of his tie and led him inside, closing the door behind him. Taking off his coat, he noticed the two others in the room. They were beautiful. The first was a fair brunette with wavy chestnut hair. Her shy eyes were cast down, directing his gaze to her breasts – full and gorgeous. The second girl looked up at him. She was Asian – her body was tiny and made smaller in appearance by her waist length, jet-black hair. Both sat on their knees on the living room floor. At first, they were surprised by the sudden and unexpected entrance of this man, but upon viewing his gorgeous face, broad shoulders, big hands and perfect ass, they looked at each other and smiled.

Remaining on their knees, the first girl shifted slightly and the presence of cuffs, drawing together each girl's wrists and ankles with a length of fine chain became apparent. Chris' eyes lit up. He turned to Melissa and brought his lips to her neck.

"I didn't know you had guests." The words were muffled into her soft kin.

"I didn't know you were coming home tonight," Melissa purred, delighting in his kisses and running her nails down his back. 

"I was thinking I'd have you to myself tonight, but this will have to do." His lips had moved now to her shoulders and were traveling to her breasts. He traced a finger along her bra, gently tugging it away to expose a nipple, which he licked readily. The second girl, from her position on the floor, moaned softly. All girls became wetter. They had been enjoying the company of each other quite nicely, but the addition of this incredibly sexy and outrageously confident man made them quiver.

"Although..." As Chris began, his hands moved down each of Melissa's arms, drawing her wrists together behind her. He clasped them together tightly in a single, massive hand. His other hand was occupied in front of her, outlining the strong bones of her corset. He continued: "I think it's quite naughty that you've been playing like this while I've been away." He drew her nearer and kissed her forehead, all the while increasing his grip on her wrists. She inhaled his cologne and her eyes drifted close momentarily. When she looked up again, she noticed the corners of his mouth raised in a devilish smile. His eyes sparkled more than ever. She kissed his chest, through his shirt, and allowed her lips to linger along the edges of his tie. 

"Are you disappointed?" She asked. The grip Chris held on her wrist continued to grow and it sent tantalizing shivers up her arms and down her back. She could have sworn she felt them rising in her clit as well. 

"Not at all." Chris kissed her forehead again, placing smaller kisses across to her temple. She could feel the heat of his breath at her ear. She closed her eyes again, and an dazzling smile crossed her expression as he whispered the words: "No, no. Not at all, but I feel that I should deal with you all the same." He stepped towards the sofa, with Melissa in tow by her wrists, only to release them suddenly. He took a seat, and patted his knee. Without needing a second invitation, she stretched across him face down – her waist across his lap, her ass where it would offer him the greatest convenience. 

The two girls, still quite silent, looked on in awe. They loved their mistresses' exertion of power over them, but were titillated by this sudden reversal. The first girl inched her leg towards that of the second, the physical contact heightening their anticipation of what might come to be for all of them.

Melissa turned her head to face them. She smiled before closing her eyes again. Chris was rubbing her ass in circles, moving his hands up to her corseted waist, then back to her ass. Melissa heaved a contented sigh. Moving now along her legs, he reached the hem of her skirt. His hands explored the silky skin of her legs beneath. He pushed his hand up as far as the tight skirt allowed, then in a flash, unzipped the skirt, from the bottom up, exposing her naked ass. He rubbed the length of her legs, stopping to squeeze each firm cheek. His other hand was busied stroking her hair, and massaging her shoulders. Bringing both hands to her head, he placed two fingers to her lips. She sucked on them eagerly. Licking them with a swirling tongue, she dreamed for his thick, sweet cock in her mouth instead; but knowing what this wetness would bring, she moaned all the same, while grinding her mound into his lap and legs.

Her eyes still closed, she felt Chris' fingers leave her lips, and even though she expected it, when it arrived, she nonetheless jumped with surprise. Spreading her with one hand, he plunged a first finger into her hot pussy, then the other, and then one again. Melissa had no idea what would be coming next. She squeezed down her pussy, excited for the next sensation of his fingers filling her, when suddenly he spanked her instead. The first strike was firm and sharp, the second stronger and causing the perfect sting of excitement. She moaned, expecting a third, but he plunged two big fingers into her pussy instead. 

Melissa moaned in deepest pleasure, the cincher felt tighter around her waist as she gyrated on his lap, assisting the thrust of his fingers into her pussy by making them deeper still. While this continued – the tease between her stinging ass and finger fucked pussy – the two kneeling girls grew into desperate onlookers: watching their mistress under submissive delight made them ache with pleasure. They had no idea what would be in store for them, if anything at all, but risking punishment for taking their own pleasure into their own hands, they turned to face each other, kissing and licking eagerly. Still shackled, they moved up and down each other's torsos like cats. Their hair tousled around them, their skin glistened where contacted by each other's hungry tongues. Melissa's ecstasy was too much for them to bear.

Their bodies were completely exposed through their open breasted, and open pussy, black leather bra and panties. It offered Chris the perfect view. Still holding Melissa's waist with one hand, and busying her pussy with the other, his already hard cock swelled bigger as he watched the two girls (whom he had never met before) doing to each other what little they could whilst shackled and on their knees. Feeling his eyes on their bodies, the first girl looked up.

"You!" He called to her, "On your back." She complied, immediately. The second girl awaited her instructions.

"You!" He paused to loosen his necktie, and his voice became more seductive. "Tease her pussy and make her cum." The first girl, lying on the floor with her wrists tied in front of her, lifted her legs and parted her knees. The second girl took the first's ankles onto her shoulders, and with the steady balance required (owing to her own shackles) she wasted no time burying her tongue, lips and face into the first's wet pussy. Signs of pleasure immediately accompanied this – both girls rocked, gyrated, sighed and moaned. The intermittent sound of their shackles and chains aroused them further.

Chris enjoyed the scene before him, and wanted more. He tugged on Melissa's corset laces while pushing his own legs apart. Without a word necessary, Melissa removed herself from his lap and knelt between his knees. She was desperate to take his cock deep into her mouth, and unbuttoned then unzipped his pants excitedly. Bringing her face closer to him, she inhaled the scent of his musk mingling with his cologne. She sighed and smiled. 

Before withdrawing his cock, she allowed his silk boxers to run along his tip and shaft. She would have happily continued this little tease, but knew the situation demanded her prompt servitude. He was slick and warm inside of her mouth. She rolled her tongue in circles around his tip, and then sucked hungrily. Using one hand, she cradled his balls, tickling them as she did. Wetting her hand first, she released the shaft from her mouth and began stroking it in order to turn further attention to his balls. Her thumb continued to circle his tip, but her lips moved down to kiss his firm sack. Kisses turned to licks, and she munched away while letting his wet cock run, up and down, through her gently clenched hand. Returning her face to his cock, she plunged her mouth deep over it and bobbed her head faster and faster allowing his cock to become increasingly wet. She could feel its stiffness move inside her. She sucked harder and emitted throaty moans. 

The girls on the floor were now in a sixty-nine, struggling with the restrictions placed upon their limbs, but making due, and loving it. The second girl was on top, and the girl beneath her, whose chains were draped and jingling across the second girl's back, was squeezing her tight tiny ass. Chris unknotted his necktie altogether.

Raising Melissa's chin with his hands, he motioned for her to rise. He led her to another chair, and further motioned that she lay, on her back, on the floor in front of it. Using his necktie, Chris proceeded to bound Melissa's wrists above her head. He gently pulled her breasts from her bra, and lifted her skirt around her waist. Melissa knew what they both wanted and spread her legs.

Leading her by the chain, Chris removed the second girl from the first, and brought her to Melissa's pussy. She began licking immediately. The first girl was led to Melissa's face, which she straddled carefully, using the chair to keep her balance. The chains from her ankles fell across Melissa's breasts – they were surprisingly still cold, and sent a new shiver through Melissa's body. As the first girl lowered her pussy, Melissa's tongue dove in directly and she bucked with pleasure as the second girl licked her faster and faster. All girls shaved and smooth, the sensations of soft lips on soft pussy were delightful to all who indulged. 

Chris knelt behind the second girl, who continued to lap away at Melissa clit, and slapped her ass just hard enough that she raised her head. She turned to him for a moment, her eyes closed with ecstasy, her chin glistening with Melissa's juices. Chris bent to her ear, "lick her faster," was all he said. She did and Melissa bucked harder and moaned louder. The vibrations from her mouth accelerated the orgasm of the girl straddling her face, which rewarded Melissa's lips with the taste of with sweet, sticky cum. The girl at Melissa's pussy was slapped again, which made her moan louder and prompted her to lick faster. Her tongue swirled around Melissa's clit, then she closed her lips down to create hard and deep sucks before she thrust her hungry tongue back into her wet hole. 

Watching Melissa's body tense, Chris knew she was about to cum. He took the girl servicing Melissa by the shoulders and pulled her away from Melissa's pussy. Melissa was desperate, and begged him to allow the girl to finish what had been started.

"Not yet," he said, as he bent the girl over a low, cushioned footrest. Unclipping her shackles, he let her stretch across the rest. Pulling off her leather panties, he rubbed her back and creamy ass, which was now completely exposed. She enjoyed this special attention, and purred in delight. The first girl was still hovering her pussy over Melissa's lips, using her shackled hands to caress Melissa's hair and face through whatever movement was afforded to her. Reaching over, Chris unclipped her shackles as well. As she stood, she allowed her panties to drop to the floor. Chris led her towards the second girl, who still outstretched, waited patiently. 

In silence, he positioned the two girls, both on their fronts, and one above the other. They giggled softly, as the girl on the bottom licked the wrists of the girl stretched above her, and the girl on top nuzzled the neck of the girl below. Melissa looked on in awe as Chris unbuttoned and removed his shirt, then removed his pants. She wanted nothing more then to move towards him and taunt him with tiny licks and kisses, stopping at his nipples for a good suck and pinch. She was reminded of her bondage when she moved her wrists and felt the tightness of his necktie around them. She wanted him so badly. She moaned in yearning.

Keeling behind the two girls, Chris' hands caressed what skin was exposed to him: the back and ass of the girl on top; the waists and legs of both. He moved closer, cock in hand, he swept it gently it along their pussies, from bottom to top, as he raised himself up on his knees, then back down again. The girls were ready and waiting, and Melissa was beside herself with excitement. 

Suddenly, he plunged his rock hard cock into the throbbing pussy of the girl on the bottom. Both rocked towards him eagerly, their clits tingling by the surfaces that touched them. Thrusting once, then twice, he pulled out and, in a second, plunged into the pussy of the girl on top. She exhaled her pent up pleasure. One, two, three times he thrust his cock into her before returning to the girl on the bottom. As this continued, the tension mounted. The girls became desperate and needed more and more to be fucked by him, and hard. As soon as he left one, she begged for him to fuck her again, and once he was back to her, the other begged and moaned even more. They licked each other while he taunted their pussies, and further heightened their already immense pleasure. The girl on top came first, her clit stimulated by the soft skin of the girl beneath her. She shuddered, causing vibrations into the second girl, who came only shortly afterwards. 

Melissa could tell by the intensity of Chris' face that he, too, was about to cum. He pulled himself back from the two girls, grabbing his cock to direct his hot cum onto their now exhausted bodies. He shot a gigantic load, and it made the two girls even messier. 

Lowering his kneel, Chris closed his eyes momentarily, and caught his breath. His cock was still dripping. Turning to look at Melissa, he saw her smiling, utterly amazed with what she had just seen before her. Leaving the two girls to themselves, he crawled over to Melissa and kissed her lips. 

"Let me lick you," she whispered.

As she was still bound, Chris positioned himself to allow her to suck the last bit of cum from his still throbbing cock. This caused quick surges through his body, and he moaned quietly. He bent down to kiss Melissa again, then untied her hands. Before she knew it, he had scooped her up into his arms and was carrying her over his shoulder off into the bedroom. She grabbed onto him, giggling.

Once alone, he laid her onto their bed, and stretched his body above hers. They kissed each other's lips, necks, foreheads and eyelids. Melissa put her arms around Chris, and held him tightly. Her hands traced up and down his back, making Chris sigh. He tightened his grip around her and rolled over quickly, bringing her body above his. 

From this position, Melissa noticed how hard his cock had become again. She was wet, throbbing and desperate. She lifted her skirt, and lowered her pussy onto him. He filled her instantly, and she let out a deep, pleasured moan. Squeezing onto his cock, she raised and lowered herself slowly in a tease that was overwhelming to them both. Chris pulled her upper body closer to his, and they kissed deeply, sucking each other's lips and tongues, then licking each other's necks and shoulders. Fucking deep and close, Chris suddenly adjusted his grip on Melissa's body, and rolled her over again.

Pulling away from her, she followed suit by getting onto her knees. As always, the vibrator was in arm's reach. She grabbed it, turned it on to its highest speed, and had just touched it to her clit, when Chris' cock entered her again. Forcing her body as hard as possible back onto his, she tapped the vibrator quickly against her clit. She had already been on the verge and was now, again, close to exploding in an orgasm like none other.

Sensing her growing tension, Chris pulled out of Melissa's hot, soaked pussy, and encouraged her to turn over. Lying on her back, with the vibrator still in her hand, she watched Chris dive between her legs. He knew just what she loved, and applied his skills in just enough quantity to keep her at the edge of everything. He inserted his middle finger into her pussy and slid it in and out slowly. As she squeezed down, he continued busying her clit with his tongue, flicking it faster and faster, the swirling it before flicking it again. Chris could feel her body growing even more tense.

He raised himself to a kneel, bringing one of her legs with him. Placing her left ankle over his shoulder, he straddled her right leg, and then allowed her pussy to be filled with his cock again. Using his free hand, he thumbed her clit in fast even circles. Melissa pushed her head deeper into the pillow below her, and raised up her pussy to meet each of his thrusts. After all of those builds, she came with abandon and screamed with passion. She thrust back into Chris even harder than before.

Running his hand up and down her raised leg, he turned his head to lick her ankle while continuing to fuck her hard. All this time, the vibrator had fallen out of Melissa's hand, but she now reached for it again and brought it back to her clit. Still shuddering from her first orgasm, she was determined to cum again, and did, in what seemed like seconds. She was out of control, and screamed her love for Chris as they continued to fuck.

Their eyes locked, and in that moment, Chris' movements became more desperate. The look of pure, passionate surrender washed over him, and he came inside Melissa with a burst that filled and tickled her further. He stopped thrusting and moaned, then carefully lowered himself onto her. He nuzzled his face into her neck as she tightened her arms around him. They laid, quietly, in each other's arms. After a moment, he leaned up to kiss her lips, neck and breast before returning to her lips. They whispered their love to each other, and then drifted off to sleep.