 Nancy was burning with desire. She had to decide what to do. 

Her mind turned to Barry and what he must be feeling. She had been massaging his cock for some time now. For her to stop now wouldn't be fair to him, she rationalized. The still smoldering incense had slowly eaten away at her inhibitions. Frankly, she was turned on. Her clit was throbbing in anticipation. Hot juices leaked from her slit.

She was sure her panties had a wet spot by now. It was all she could do to keep from fingering herself. She had to come! Her body had already given into temptation and now her mind was attempting to justify a path to follow.

She appreciated Barry's patience with her. She figured it must have been torturous for him to sit still by while his roommate was being wonderfully satisfied. She decided to reward his patience by giving him a hand job. She hoped that Barry would return the favor by giving her an orgasm by his hand. Nancy had jacked off her previous boyfriend on a couple of occasions. She knew she would enjoy making Barry cum as well. She turned to face him and they moved forward into a kiss. As they kissed Nancy reached down and unsnapped Barry's jeans. She slowly pulled the zipper down. Barry gently slid both his hands under her shirt. He continued to kiss Nancy, as he gently kneaded her breasts over her bra. Their mouths grinded as they took turns sucking each others tongue. They broke their kiss as Barry lifted his ass off the couch. Nancy took the cue and peeled his jeans and underwear to the floor. Barry reached up and pulled off Nancy's top. Without hesitation Nancy lifted her arms so Barry could slide her top over her head. Her eyes gazed down to Barry's enormous tool as she unhooked her bra. Barry smiled widely as Nancy's succulent breasts were revealed. They were perfect, he thought. Beautifully proportioned and firm. Her nipples pointed out, asking to be suckled. He answered the implied invitation, leaning forward and kissing her right breast. Nancy was caught wonderfully off guard and yelped with pleasure at Barry's advance. She had forgotten how much she loved having her tits sucked. She arched her back, thrusting her chest out. The cool air hitting her sweaty body was refreshing. She reached down with both hands and began to caress Barry's throbbing meat. It was by far the biggest cock that she had ever looked upon. It almost seemed unreal. It was discolored and throbbing. She noticed the mushroom sized head was enormous. She wondered if she would even be able to fit it in her mouth, much less her tight pussy, if their relationship ever came to that. She could feel the heat emitting from his swollen tool as she slid her right hand down to cup his balls. She was greatly aroused by the feel of his immense organ. His vein pulsated for her as his blood struggled to fill his vast manhood.

Barry's cock had been hard for some time now and was grateful to be finally receiving Nancy's full attention. As he continued to mouth her tits, he looked down to see her delicate hands fondling his cock and balls. 

Barry had been infatuated with Nancy from the moment he first saw her cheering at a football game. Of the six girls in the cheerleading crew, Misty, Nancy, and Tracy Bickel were certainly the main attractions. Most guys Barry knew expressed their lustful intentions for Tracy. Tracy was a gorgeous little blonde with a pretty face who certainly wasn't shy about her voracious appetite for sex. Stories of Tracy having lesbian encounters, never wearing panties, and having sex with numerous guys, including some male teachers, were mostly false, but added to her desire as a sexual object of the boys at the school. Some guys chose to fantasize about Misty. Her tall athletic body was beautiful and built for sex, and she knew it. Nancy had always been Barry's first choice. Her friendly smile and warm disposition were certainly a plus. Her full C-cup breasts were certainly to die for. Barry also saw something else. Something beyond the aesthetic features she so beautifully displayed. It was something in her eyes that attracted him. A deep and intriguing mystery that made him desire her deeply.

Misty glanced over from the other couch. She smiled when she saw that Barry and Nancy were starting to get intimate. Misty turned back to Jim and began to stroke his cock. Jim's cock had softened after his ejaculation, but it hadn't gone completely limp. Misty knew that it wouldn't take long to get him hard once again. She began to slowly stroke him. Since she was very interested in the other couples activities, she was in no hurry. She was in total control of her young stud. She continued to pull and rub Jim as she spied the action on the other couch.

Barry's careful mouthing of her tits, combined with the effect of the incense had definitely sent Nancy into a fury of sexual excitement. Nancy offered no resistance. She could hardly wait for Barry to touch her pussy. In fact the horny co-ed was now aching to get Barry's fingers up her slit.

Barry sensed her need. He slowly worked his hands down from her breasts to her flat belly and then to her hips. Barry knew that she was now willing and wanton. He teased her with his hands lingering temptingly close to Nancy's desired target. Nancy was burning with passion. She stroked Barry's cock harder when his fingers got closer to her crotch. It was like a switch had been turned in Nancy's brain. The shy girl had suddenly become incredibly horny. He decided to test her. He continued to rub her legs, avoiding her groin. Finally Nancy hiked up her ass and removed her soaked panties. She helped Barry remove his shirt. Then she grabbed Barry's hand and moved it to her pussy. He was surprised by her boldness, but decided he wouldn't tease her anymore.

Barry took two fingers of his right hand and lightly traced her tender labia. He could feel her wetness, but was frustrated that he couldn't see her pussy because her skirt was in the way. He tried to hike it up on her stomach but it fell back down. Nancy again hiked her ass up and slid her skirt to the floor. Now all four lovers were totally naked. Barry could now enjoy the view of Nancy's pussy as he fingered her slit. Nancy never imagined that she would have three strangers staring at her pussy. She was glad that she had shaved earlier that afternoon. She had left a well trimmed but thick triangular patch of curly brown hair on her pubic mound. 

Barry slipped a finger into her. Nancy squirmed with joy as he slowly worked his finger in and out. He withdrew his finger and Nancy watched as he brought it to his lips. "How do I taste?" she blurted, hardly believing it was actually her talking. Instead of responding Barry took his middle finger and worked it in her sex to the knuckle. Pumping it hard several times, to Nancy's delight, he again removed it. This time he held it in front of Nancy's lips. Without hesitation she snaked her tongue around his soaked digit and licked it seductively. She was surprised by her own tangy taste. It wasn't at all unpleasant, but nonetheless different than she imagined. She had never been so wet and aroused. The couple continued to finger each other. Continuing down the road to a creamy conclusion. 

Watching the other attractive couple was fascinating to the sex crazed voyeur Misty. She was playing with Jim's prick and letting him feel her tits. She was also fascinated by Barry's huge cock. She was envious of Nancy as well, because she could see Barry was noticeably larger than Jim.

Unlike Misty, Jim was paying no attention to Nancy and Barry. He was busy trying to get Misty to suck him off again. He had just received, by far, the best blowjob of his young life. Now that Misty had jerked his cock back to stiffness, he naturally wanted more from his talented cum-loving girlfriend.

Misty knew that if her head was down on his prick, she would not be able to see what was going on across the room. Misty decided to straddle Jim's cock. Doing this would satisfy Jim, and at the same time allow her to watch Nancy and Barry play. 

She knelt on the couch, and then threw a leg across Jim so that she was hovering over his lap and facing him. Her tits were in Jim's face as she prepared to mount him. Since she was now higher on the couch Misty had a great view of Nancy and Barry.

Misty reached down between her legs and slid her fingers slowly up and down her slit. She used the juices she gathered to lube Jim's cock. Preparing for his penetration she rubbed his throbbing tool back and forth against her soaked pussy lips. She whimpered as she slowly settled onto his prick. She took it in slowly, rising and falling, taking a little more in with each downbeat. She went down all the way, taking every inch of his cock in her burning pussy. She held the full penetration for a long moment, relishing the sensation of being engorged full of dick and letting Jim enjoy the feeling of having every inch of his hard cock deep in her pussy. Then Misty began to bounce up and down on his cock again, riding his wet prick like a pro.

Misty was staring over and getting a good eyeful, now. Her gaze switched back and forth from Barry's throbbing prick to Nancy's dripping snatch. She licked her lips when she saw precum leaking from Barry's cock. The sight of Nancy's exposed pussy made her mouth water. Inspired as much by what she was seeing as what she was doing, Misty began to slam her pussy hard into Jim's cock. 

Nancy felt dizzy with passion. What little control she had was melting away. The closer Barry brought her to climax, the bolder her actions became. Barry began to slowly slide two fingers up her tight slit. His other hand cupped her pussy mound, fingers trailing down to caress her pulsating clitoris.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" she cried. She began to pump his cock frantically. Cuntjuices poured down his probing fingers and pooled in his palm. Her pussy was wide open, her slit now a gaping oval. Their eyes met and they exchanged looks corroborating their imminent orgasms.

She ground her hips wildly from side to side, working her smoldering pussy against his caressing hands, her thighs thrown wide apart and her stomach pumping up and down in a fucking motion. He thrust his fingers upward firmly and watched her pussy begin to spurt out its warm juices onto his soaked hand. Nancy's body spasmed in ecstasy. Still she managed to continue to masturbate her lover.

Misty's pussy slammed into Jim's cock. It wasn't long before the horny couple was close to climax. Misty wiggled her pussy down, impaling herself on Jim's rigid tool. Her hips twisted as she grinded her cunt onto his cock. Misty felt his steaming jism fill her. Her own juicy orgasm joined his. He squirted his load up her cunt, and she came with him in harmonic bliss. Pussy juices gushed from her, soaking his crotch. The sex-crazed nymph continued to grind away, draining herself. Despite the distraction of her own orgasm, she continued to watch Nancy and Barry.

Nancy's fist glided over Barry's engorged prick. His cock swelled, and she knew she was going to bring him off soon. She wanted to watch him come. She wanted to see just how much she turned him on. 

"Cum for me baby," she screeched. "Oh baby, shoot your load!"

Barry stiffened, her words sending him over the edge. Nancy could feel the surge in his cock. The thick jism erupted from the head of his prick. Nancy instinctively turned her head away as the first blast soared out, rising high and hitting her neck. It fell back to splash directly on her right breast. She continued to pump his prick, and he kept squirting, stream after stream of jism spurting out dousing her entire torso.

She gasped as she felt his warm spew soaking her. Both Nancy's breasts were glazed with Barry's sticky cum. Her pussy was still creaming, her warm juices steaming down her legs.

Nancy milked the remaining cum from Barry's cock. Frozen from the sensation of her orgasm, she kept firm hold of his slowly shrinking tool. 

Nancy looked down at her cum-glazed tits. Between her legs she could see and feel her wet pussy and the large stain it was making on the couch. 

Nancy grinned. As enthralling as the display was, the aroma of their orgasms was even more intoxicating. In fact, the whole room was thickly filled with the aroma of sex from both couples. 

Misty had watched with delight as Barry's spurted his full load all over Nancy's beautiful firm breasts.

Her eyes switched back and forth. She noticed Nancy's gleaming pussy lips open as she released her orgasm. Between her well-formed thighs her frothy juices had made a noticeably large wet circle on the couch.

Misty was deeply aroused by the sight of Nancy. Her naive cheerleader friend was now, undeniably, a cum drenched little whore. She couldn't believe how sexy she looked. There was cum all over Nancy's neck tits and stomach. Barry's spent seed had splashed under her chin, streaming downward, the sticky goo was pouring through her cleavage. Misty watched as it was slowly flowed southward, slowing momentarily to pool in her navel. Then it gravitated down in a thinning line until it encountered Nancy's bushy barrier of curly brown pubic hair.

Nancy was smiling with contentment. She had loved the brief sensation of Barry's warm cum on her body. Now, as it lost its warmth, her body felt the coolness of the air hitting her damp skin.

When Nancy looked up, she immediately caught eyes with Misty who was staring at her with a wide grin.

"Wow! What a mess," said Misty, with a giggle. "Man he really hosed you!"

"Do you uh... do you have a towel we could use, Barry?" Nancy asked looking away face flushed. She was trying not to acknowledge Misty's vulgar comments.

Nancy knew a towel would allow her to cover up and perhaps maintain a little dignity.

Barry quickly hiked up to go to the bathroom to get a towel.

"Can I help you clean it up Nancy?" Misty asked.

"Yea, uh thanks Mist," Nancy replied shyly. 

As she agilely dismounted Jim, Misty was too excited to care that her pussy was dripping out juices. The nimble girl's bare tits swayed as she climbed off the couch leaving a trail of Jim's cum in her wake.

Although Nancy had pumped him bone-dry, Barry's cock had not totally collapsed. It was not quite as hard as it had been, and it no longer throbbed with need, but it still stood out semi-erect. The tip of his prick still wet with cum. Misty stared at it eagerly as he returned with the towel.

"Actually, I didn't want to use the towel," Misty said as she took the towel from Barry. "I have something more fun in mind."

Misty folded the towel in two and placed it on the floor at Nancy's feet. Then she kneeled on to the towel. Now the two naked girls were at eye level.

"What? Why--how--I don't--" Nancy stammered, not quite sure what the naughty girl meant. "Just relax, Misty whispered reassuringly. Let me do all the work. Ok?" 

Nancy was blushing again. "All right," she panted. 

"Besides, I don't think we should waste all this wonderful cum that you worked so hard for," Misty added with a playful wink.

Misty was becoming increasingly aroused by her sexy friend and it was becoming harder to hide. She was afraid that being too aggressive with Nancy might frighten her and make the inexperienced girl want to stop.

She started slowly.

Misty lowered her head and began to tongue Nancy's glazed tits. She moved gradually, making sure not to miss one drop of Barry's spent seed, or any bit of Nancy's shapely mounds. Misty lingered over Nancy's beautiful tits for a long time, replacing Barry's wet cum with her own wet saliva. She worked her way calculatingly around the outer portions of Nancy's breasts. Nancy wriggled in ecstasy when Misty approached her more sensitive taut nipples. Misty traced the areola around Nancy's erect nipples with the tip of her hot tongue. She bit lightly on Nancy's erect nub pulling it upward with her teeth at the base and allowing her clinched teeth to slowly scrape up until it flicked off the top. Nancy couldn't keep herself from moaning her approval loudly. Beginning to lose all restraint in this highly charged sexual situation, she found herself losing her remaining inhibitions, as her pussy throbbed wantonly. Misty was becoming more needful herself. She dove aggressively into Nancy's cleavage loudly slurping up the reservoir of cum by the tongueful.

Misty relished the attention she knew she was getting. She was sure to put on a show for her horny audience. She moved slowly and seductively being sure to stick out her perfect ass and arch her back when possible in effort to add to the already sexually charged atmosphere.

From time to time she raised her head from the soft tit feast and parted her lips and let her tongue slide out so that the fascinated observers could see the cum in her mouth before she swallowed it down.

"Mmmm Barry your cum tastes sooo good," Misty acknowledged.

Then Misty floated seductively down onto Nancy's stomach. She cheerfully lapped up the jizz that had landed there too. Her lips delved into Nancy's belly button and retrieved a blob of cum from the deep cleft. She slurped loudly and both girls giggled.


Misty moved lower. Her tongue rustled through Nancy's pubic thicket. Some jism had run down there, too. Nancy breathing increased, she was nearly exploding with anticipation.

Misty's hand moved between Nancy's thighs. Nancy's legs parted automatically. Her pussy moistened, craving penetration.

Misty ran her fingertip tracing her friend's labia, lightly, teasingly, her tongue stirred in her trimmed pubic bush. Misty inhaled deeply, savoring Nancy's musky aroma. Slowly she worked her tongue deep into the folds of Nancy's pussy.

Nancy arched and recoiled. She was going wild with desire as her friend tongued her masterfully.

"Oh--oh--oh," Nancy moaned.

Misty slipped her middle finger up Nancy's slit, turning it around in the slippery hole, her thumb working on Nancy's clit. With her fingers still inside her friend's hot pussy, Misty maneuvered next to Nancy on the couch. Soon the two horny cheerleaders were engaged in a passionate kiss. As their tongues swapped, Nancy felt the need to return the favor of Misty's touches. She reached out and caressed Misty's left breast with her right hand. Misty's fingers continued to slide in and out of Nancy's pussy. Nancy pulled hard on Misty's nipple. Misty looked lustfully at Nancy and cooed approvingly.

Misty, as if to encourage Nancy, began to slide three fingers up Nancy's tight cunt while continuing to work her rigid clit with her thumb. Misty was kneeling across Nancy, her stiff nipples scraping against Nancy's breasts. Misty again kissed her way down Nancy's body.

Barry had been watching the action intently. With the help of the girl's lesbian show, his cock was becoming rock hard again. He glanced over at Jim who was pumping his limp cock furiously. Barry leaned down closer, his chin resting on Nancy's shoulder, as he took in the action. Misty smiled at him, her own chin in Nancy's crotch. Misty reached behind Nancy and grabbed Barry's pole. She stroked it firmly, as Nancy held the back of Misty's head to her loins.

"Oooh look at his hard cock... take it in your mouth Nancy!" Misty suggested. She took a firm grip on the base of Barry's cock and guided it towards her sexy friends face. "Ooooh!" Nancy whimpered with a smile. She was fascinated at the sight of his cock so close up.

"Come on Nanc, I want to watch you suck him."

Nancy didn't object. In the past, Nancy would never have allowed anyone to watch when she was being intimate, but she had inhaled far too much of the incense to care. Nancy was well beyond the ability to oppose her erotic cravings.

She gave a quick glance at Barry before licking the bulbous head of his engorged member. Misty, still holding the base of Barry's cock in her right hand, fed it into Nancy's parted lips. Nancy started out cautiously, obviously hesitant of its sheer girth. Misty sensed her apprehension and offered words of encouragement to her naïve friend. "That's it baby. Mmmm that's it. Ohh that's so sexy. You're doing sooo good."
