 The cool blue shaft of moonlight wandered across my pillow. That, along with the crash of the long waves peeling the beach, was enough to make me come to from my slumber. I hadn ‘t been sleeping deeply lately. My mind, once wakened, immediately focused on the email. I got up from the bed threw on a pair of shorts and headed for my office. . It was 3am and as I fired up my laptop, I couldn’t believe that one email message could so easily rivet my attention.

I work for an engineering firm. I’m working down in Central America, Costa Rica to be exact. I like the country. It has a natural beauty and the people are attractive and engaging. 

The people. I had been surfing the net in “Spanish” checking out various sites in Costa Rica trying to see if there were sites for hooking up with like-minded people. Little did I know, that I would be successful beyond my wildest dream.

I sent one last email to confirm that our first rendezvous was still on and that there were no last minute changes or cancellations. Everything was in order; in four hours I would knock on a hotel door and meet my new cyber friends in living color.

All the email exchanges, then the first telephone exchange when I talked with Juan. These thoughts blurred through my mind. The excitement and anticipation was almost unbearable. Then there was the doubt. What if they weren’t attractive? What if we were all too embarrassed? What if this was a charade?

The door opened to a softly lit motel room. The drapes were drawn. The air conditioner hummed its unwavering song and an overhead fan turned lazily from the ceiling. Juan greeted me. He was a distinguished looking man with a close-cropped beard. The thought flashed thru my mind that I wouldn’t have been disappointed had he been the only one waiting for me in the room. This wasn’t going to be, as peeking behind him I could see Ana resting quietly on the king size bed. She was beautiful with her long curly hair flowing around her. Our eyes met and in the background I heard Juan making the introductions. I was struck with the sensuality of her smile. My mind was going into overtime trying to sort all the innuendo that was occurring in front of me.

Small talk revolving around wondering what we looked like and how happy that we were all satisfied with the outcome and what possibilities laid ahead, charged the atmosphere. Ana stood up and came to me. I embraced her as if I had been her lover for decades. We kissed a long deep French kiss. Slow at first, then our tongues took up a delicious game of tag. We were both responding to this as our bodies pressed together. I was hardly aware that at the same time Juan was busy unbuckling my pants. The next sensation was incredible. Juan had gotten my rock hard erection free of my clothes and began very gently to take it into his mouth. A moan of pleasure escaped from my mouth. Looking into Ana’s eyes her brows rose as if pleased with my reaction. She and I hurriedly removed the rest of our clothes. I ended up collapsing back on to the cool white sheets of the huge bed being followed with Ana on top still in the first embrace. Now she had her hand down fondling my scrotum as Juan drew me into his mouth repeatly with an unhurried rhythm. Ana broke away from our embrace and joined Juan. Her long tongue darted up and down my shaft as it came out of Juan’s warm mouth. I had a bird’s eye view of these beautiful people bathing my cock with lust. This I thought, quite possibly could be the best moment of my life.

Next I was treated to having my fire hot erection passed between both of there mouths. They would look at each other with love and lust mixed into their pleased expressions. Things continued to change but to be honest I lost all track of time. Juan stood up and moved away. Ana with breasts bobbing and swaying slightly climbed up and slowly mounted my penis. She slowly lowered her warm velvet cunt over my hard cock until I had fully penetrated her. She has an incredibly tight cunt that I struggled not to fill with cum right away. She smiled down at me then began to slowly undulate up and down. Juan was walking around the room, stroking his cock, stopping to stare at his wife as she slow fucked me. He next came close to me and found my eager mouth with his huge manhood.

It felt so good to take in this delicious cock and at the same time enjoy one of the best fucks of my life. I could see that Ana was very turned on watching me take her husbands cock deep into my mouth. Juan started fucking my mouth with the same rhythm that Ana had set. The rhythm increased as we all became one and within several incredible minutes we all came at the same time. Ana was quaking as my hot cum shot into her damp velvet divide and Juan pumped furiously great quantities of cum over my mouth and face.

We were exhausted and all laughed when we uncoupled ourselves. Ana went to the bathroom to clean up and brought a washcloth to clean my face. Juan and I were both lying on the bed. Ana sat down between us and with a remote control turned on a video that they had installed before I had gotten to the hotel.

A porn movie started to play and we all started watching two lesbians enjoying a very hot game of cunnilingus mixed with finger fucking. Meanwhile Ana had gotten some sex oil out and was busily working life back into both Juan’s and my penis. She stroked each of us in a loving way and at the same time was obviously enjoying the steamy porn scenes.

As she was stroking us both, Juan and I looked at each others cocks being pumped by these skillful hand. Ana had taken control and had both of us stand up together. Her desire was for us to get our gleaming cocks close together so that she could put them both in her mouth at the same time. She accomplished this with a little difficulty as both Juan and I have similarly sized cocks, slightly bigger than normal. She sucked them together and then would alternate between cock just licking the crown and then burying them deep in her sweet mouth. She would look up and see the ecstasy on both of our faces. It was incredible to see her sucking another cock and then feel the sensation of her warm mouth coming down on my cock.

After a long while we broke from this and I positioned myself behind her in doggy fashion. I penetrated her beckoning pussy as Juan moved in front of her to take his cock to her mouth. I started pumping her and shoving her down on Juan’s big cock. She rocked with pleasure and moans and words of encouragement came out of our mouths.

We changed positions. Ana lay down with her head in my crotch and took in my cock with sexual abandon. Juan entered her and hoisted her hips high in the air. He fucked her hard and she responded to every thrust all the time moaning with her mouth filled with my cock.

Again we all came at almost the same instant. Again we collapsed. This time we were thoroughly exhausted. Sleep came over us all for at least an hour. 

When I woke there was only Juan in the bed and the reason I had awoken was because he had been, ever so softly nibbling on my cock. Again it was erect. I couldn’t believe how turned on I could get over and over. I felt like a whore at a gangbang. The more fucking the better. As my cock swelled to life we positioned ourselves in a 69 position. Juan’s cock tasted good and it felt so velvety slipping between my lips. We sucked each other exactly the way the other one was sucking. The sensations were incredible. We would fondle each other’s balls and play with each others anus. Oblivious to all, I finally noticed Ana sitting in a chair across the room with her legs up and spread and her one hand spreading her lovely puckered lips while the other finger wildly attacked her swollen clit. She then started telling us what good cocksuckers we were and asked if Juan was finally happy to also be able to have some cock. He let my cock slip out of his mouth and said he had waited a long time for this moment. I thought to myself the same thing.