 The wind was already howling. The rain pounded so hard and constant on the windows that it sounded like radio static when Connie decided to finally take the neighbors up on their offer. Hunter and Pilar knew Connie's ex had the kids for the weekend and thought she might want to be with someone to ride out the storm. Connie had planned to curl up with her new Blu-Ray of Gone with the Wind, or if the power went out, a good book. But now that the hurricane was really hitting, she didn't much like the idea of being alone. After fourteen years of marriage, she wasn't used to being on her own for something like this. 

After a quick text to confirm she was still welcome, Connie gathered a few supplies, which, of course, included a bottle of wine, and sprinted the short distance to her next-door-neighbors' house. By the time Pilar opened the door to let her in, Connie was nearly soaked to the bone. Pilar unburdened her and handed her a towel. Connie toweled off her shoulder-length blonde hair, darkened by its soaking, and then pulled it back into a neat ponytail. Her red, outer tank top was soaked, and even the inner white one was damp. She was embarrassed as her thick nipples popped through both as the air conditioning cooled her. She followed Pilar through to the kitchen, where Hunter was cooking up a stir fry at the range. 

"Hey, Con," Hunter said. "Glad you decided to come over." He broke from cooking for a quick hug and kiss on the cheek. She was sure he noticed her hard nipples and thought he checked her out for an extra beat before turning back to the range.

"We were worried about you being by yourself in all this," Pilar added. She was originally from the Southwest, a first generation American daughter of Mexican parents. She still had the slightest trace of an accent, which Connie found very cute. Connie had always been the all-American girl and envied Pilar's dark good looks.

"I'm sure I would have been okay, but I'm still not used to being in an empty house, you know?" Her friends knew how hard it had been. First it was just Steve gone, which was actually an improvement. But on the weekends her ex had the kids and Connie felt at loose ends. Add the 'storm of the century,' and the house had been feeling impossibly big and empty. When the rain started earlier in the day, she found herself suddenly jumping at every creak and shadow."

"No explanation necessary. We love having you over. The hurricane just gives us another excuse to hang out," Hunter said.

Connie had been spending a lot of time with Hunter and Pilar. Sometimes she feared she was imposing, no matter how much they said they enjoyed their time together. The couple, in their late twenties, was about ten years her junior, and she was sure that had better things to do than hang around with their lonely neighbor. If Connie was married to someone as sexy as Hunter, she could think of better things to do. And she could imagine Hunter wanting to be alone with his sexy wife, for that matter. Connie was the third wheel.

Pilar handed Connie a glass of wine from an already-opened bottle. "This is what you need. Just unwind and relax tonight."

"Thanks. I think you're right," Connie said, gratefully taking the glass.

"And on that note, dinner is served," Hunter said.

Connie tried to help, but the couple insisted she just take a seat while they set the table and brought the food over. It smelled delicious. She didn't go crazy with the healthy foods the way Hunter and Pilar did, they were both vegetarians and avid cyclists, but she did try to eat right and work out. After three kids and turning thirty-nine, she couldn't just eat whatever she wanted and expect it to disappear with a walk around the neighborhood anymore. 

On the other hand, Hunter was tall and lean, with a muscular sinewy build that Connie enjoyed whenever he worked on the lawn with his shirt off. Pilar was petite, with a toned limbs and a hard, flat stomach that Connie wistfully recalled having when she was the younger woman's age.

Table talk during dinner was mostly about the storm and Pilar said she missed the dry, arid heat of home. The storm had made it truly tropical, and they'd all have been drenched with sweat if not for the central air. "And I hate the cold, too. I wish we could have the snow in the summer," Pilar added. "I love the snow."

"I like the fall the best," Hunter said. "There's nothing like camping up in the mountains when the air is crisp and the leaves are turning."

"Maybe in a cabin, with a Jacuzzi, sure," Pilar said. "You're never going to get me into a tent."

"Never say never," Connie advised. "You end up doing a lot of things in a marriage you never thought you would."

"Oh? Like what?" Pilar asked with an arched eyebrow.

Connie took her sordid meaning. "I didn't mean, that at least not for me. Steve never asked for anything weird in the bedroom."

"His loss," Hunter said, and drained his beer.

After dinner, Pilar cleared the table and sent Hunter and Connie into the living room. He flicked on the television for the latest update on the hurricane, while Connie took the big, comfy chair and tucked her legs.

"I guess it's not weakening as much as they thought it would," Hunter said. The gigantic swirl of the storm creeping up the East Coast repeated over and over again on the TV as a pretty redhead ran down the storm stats. 

"I hope Steve has all the supplies he should. Maybe I should call and make sure he and the kids are okay," Connie said.

"You should trust he's going to do the right thing. He's a grown man. You can't spend every weekend worrying that he's taking care of the kids properly, even in a storm," Hunter said.

"But that man could barely remember to pick up his dry cleaning, let alone make sure he has fresh batteries. If it wasn't for me he would have had to go to work naked because he'd have no laundry."

"He must be figuring it out, because I don't think he's going to work in the nude," he answered.

Connie insisted on checking in anyway. Her brief, tense cell phone conversation confirmed Steve and the kids were fine in his townhouse. She could have sworn she heard a female voice in the background and Connie wondered if it was that whore he worked with. She didn't know for certain if Steve had cheated, but she knew that tramp would jump at the chance to get him the second he was free.

"Con, seriously, you've got to start putting yourself first now. I don't mean ahead of the kids, of course, but you need to start looking to the future. What do you want for yourself?"

"You're right. I really haven't thought about it much."

"It's about time you got yourself back out there," Hunter urged.

"Do you mean dating?"

"Sure. Why don't you put a profile up on one of those websites?"

"I don't know if I could do that. Besides, who's looking for a thirty-nine-year-old woman with three kids who isn't even divorced yet?"

"I'm sure the guys will line up for you."

"You're crazy," she replied, hoping the blush burning her cheeks didn't show too badly. "Besides, I'm not ready for a relationship. I'm not even out of this one."

"Then get yourself a boy toy."

"Now I'm sure you're crazy!" she laughed.

"Hey, I know a couple single guys who'd love to meet a sexy woman like you."

"And why is that, exactly?" Connie looked down and didn't see what Hunter was talking about. Yes, she had great tits, she always had. And she was still slender if not as tight as she had been. But she couldn't imagine some guy Hunter's age chasing after her when there were women like Pilar around. 

"Con, you're damned sexy," Hunter said. "You're pretty, you've got a great body, and they say women your age are hotter in bed because you know what you want and you're more comfortable asking for it. Why do you think there's a TV show called CougarTown?" 

Although she really did think Hunter was insane, Connie glowed from his words. That a guy like him thought she was sexy was quite a compliment. Maybe she should become a cougar. Could she really see herself hitting the bar in some vampy dress to pick up a younger man? Did she even own a vampy dress? It was crazy.

"You've lost your mind, Hunter. You'd better not let Pilar hear you talking like that."

"Talking like what?" Pilar asked. She carried a bottle of wine into room and a beer for Hunter. He cracked it open while she refilled Connie's glass and poured one for herself.

"I was just telling Connie she has to get out there and start living life," Hunter said.

"And he thinks I should start by picking up younger men on the Internet," Connie laughed.

Pilar joined Hunter on the long, wide couch. "Hunter's right. I think you'd make a sexy cougar. I hope I'm still sexy like you when I get a little older."

"Hunter is not right," Connie argued. "Besides, I haven't been on a date in, like, over fifteen years. I'd have no idea what I was doing."

"It's like riding a bike. I'm sure you'd do fine. Besides, attractive women don't have to do much. It's the guy who does all the work on a date," Hunter said.

"I wouldn't say that, babe," Pilar said. "But I knew way before you when you were going to get lucky."

"See what I mean!"

"God, I hadn't even thought about that part of it. See, I am hopeless," Connie said.

Connie succeeded in shifting the topic off of her dating life and they settled in to chat and watching the weather coverage, at least until the power went out. The lights and television blinked off simultaneously, plunging the room into silent darkness. It was only after a few moments passed that the quiet melted into the sounds of whipping wind and pelting rain. Connie couldn't even see Hunter and Pilar, just a few feet away.

"I guess one of us should get the flashlights," Hunter's voice floated in the darkness.

"Light some candles instead, babe. It's more romantic," Pilar said.

"Hello? I'm still here. You guys are going to have to go upstairs if you want to get romantic," Connie said.

"Why? It's not like you can watch right now. For all you know, we're getting naked right as I speak," Pilar said. 

Silence followed and Connie strained to listen. She heard the faint rustling of clothes, but didn't think her friends would really get naked and do it with her in the room. But then she was sure she heard the soft, wet sound of kissing. Her eyes adjusted to the dark and she saw vague shapes on the couch. A soft, feminine sigh was followed by the sound of a zipper going down!

"Hey!" Connie said. If they were going to go at it, she thought might be able to stumble her way into another room, but she certainly couldn't make an exit into the storm now. Confused, she stayed rooted to her spot.

Both Hunter and Pilar broke out laughing. "We were just messing with you," Pilar said. "Babe, go get a couple candles."

Connie's relief passed and she realized she was also a little disappointed. Her heart began beating faster when she thought she heard her friends fooling around. Was there such a thing as an auditory voyeur? She was suddenly aware of how long it had been since she'd had anyone to fool around with. Her little Pocket Rocket was just for quick relief. It wasn't the same as the real thing at all. She watched Hunter's dark shape leave the room.

"What were you guys really doing?" Connie asked.

"What do you think we were doing?"

"You weren't really messing around..."

"How do you know I'm not topless right now?" Pilar teased.

"I just don't believe it."

"Why don't you come here and check?"

"Stop messing with me."

Pilar's tone changed. "Were you serious before when you said you weren't even thinking about sex?" 

"Not that second, no. I was really thinking about how awkward it would to go on a first date after so long. But I guess sex with someone new would be even more awkward."

"But worth it, right?"

"I guess so. I try not to think about it too much, to be honest. It's been over a year, if you can believe that. I think it's the longest I've gone without sex since I lost my virginity in high school."

"Wow," Pilar marveled. "If I was you, I'd be thinking about it all time. I'd be crawling out of my skin."

"It probably helps that it's been even longer since I've had good sex. My last few years with Steve... the sex wasn't very frequent. Or satisfying. Do yourself a favor, Pilar, don't ever let things get stale with Hunter."

"I'm not too worried about that," Pilar said. "Our sex life is one of the best parts of our relationship."

As if he'd heard his name, Hunter called out from the other room. "If you girls can hold tight a few more minutes, I want to check and see if the basement is flooding."

"Take your time, babe. I'll figure out how to pour wine in the dark."

"Speaking of which, I'm empty," Connie said. 

"Move on over. I can do it by touch."

Connie reached out and found the arm of the couch and slid over to it, empty glass in hand. Pilar bumped into her and slid a hand down Connie's arm until she took her glass. With no moonlight, it was so dark. Connie could barely make out Pilar's features. Glass clinked together and Pilar conceded, "Okay, maybe this isn't going to work. We're just going to have to drink from the bottle."

"Drinking wine in the dark from the bottle, I really do feel like I'm in high school now."

They bumped together when Pilar handed her the bottle and Connie swore she felt the texture of a lacy bra on Pilar's bust. The raven-haired woman had been wearing a loose tank top with a ruffled front. The smooth cotton would not feel like silky lace. Connie began to think they really had been fooling around while she sat just a few feet away. It made her warm and tingly in all the right places. She drank deep from the bottle.

"Where were we?" Connie asked.

"You were saying that Hunter and I shouldn't let sex get boring."

"Right. Things were good with Steve in the beginning. We were hot and heavy in college. When we couldn't get his roommate out of the dorm room, we would just go and screw in the back of my old Toyota Corolla, which required quite a bit of flexibility."

"Sounds like fun."

"It was great. Even when we were first married, we could barely keep our hands off of each other. But I think somewhere after Brianna it started to slow down. Steve didn't seem to look at me the same when I had two kids hanging off of me. And then with Hayden, sex pretty much came to a halt," Connie said wistfully. She and Steve had been more roommates than husband and wife for years.

"Sounds like you guys just didn't make the effort. Didn't you have any sexy lingerie?" Pilar put her hand on Connie's arm.

"I did, but Steve was indifferent, so I just stopped wearing it after a while."

"I can't imagine Hunter being indifferent to that. He buys me things from Victoria's Secret all the time."

Connie could just imagine Hunter in the lingerie store and holding up some little lacy thing while picturing his wife in it. 

"Didn't you miss it?" Pilar asked. "The heat, the sex?"

"At first it just seemed normal. Trust me, when you've got two, and then three, little kids running around, you hardly have a moment to breathe, let alone think about sex with your husband. But then, over time, as things calmed down, I realized we were just going to bed and rolling over, even when we didn't have to. Of course I missed it. That's what trashy romance novels and my special little friend are for."

"Special little friend?" Pilar asked.

"You know what I mean. Don't make me say it."

"Oh! Ahhh, yes," Pilar said, finally understanding.. "I have one of those, but it isn't so little. But I don't need to use it in place of Hunter. It's just a nice little extra for when I need a quick fix."

Connie sighed, just a little jealous. It sounded like her friends were still in the honeymoon phase, even after five years of marriage. She could think of worse things than having a stud like Hunter at her beck and call whenever the urge struck her. If she had Hunter, she thought, that urge would strike her quite often. 

"It sounds like you two don't have anything to worry about," Connie said.

"We do our best," Pilar said, and Connie could hear her smile, even if she couldn't see it.

"Like fooling around in front of your friends?"

"It's not in front of if you can't see what we're doing."

"You really were?"

"I told you. If you don't believe me, check for yourself."

Instead of just suggesting it this time, Pilar took Connie's hand and put in right on her breast. Yup, that was definitely some kind of lacy bra. Connie imagined it would match Pilar's top, so it had to be black. Pilar's firm breast was a bit more than a handful and fit comfortably in Connie's hand, which she kept in place. Instinctively, Connie squeezed and lightly massaged her friend. It felt good.

"Does that feel like my shirt to you?" Pilar asked, her voice gone husky.

"Uh...no... What else aren't you wearing?"

"I think you should find out for yourself."

Pilar took Connie's other hand and put it on her smooth, flat stomach. Her skin felt so hot to the touch. Connie lightly touched the petite Latina, who quietly giggled, like she'd been tickled. Pilar's hand wasn't guiding hers any longer, but Connie still caressed the firm tit. A pointy nipple rose, and Connie thumbed it through the soft lace. Pilar moaned in the darkness. Connie's hand drifted downward and she was disappointed that she found Pilar's shorts still in place, even if they were unsnapped. But the zipper was down – that was the sound she heard before. Connie's heart was in her throat and she felt warm all over when Pilar's lips met hers 

Connie didn't even think about what she was doing. She just went with it. She responded to Pilar's kiss like it was the most natural thing in the world. Her friend tasted of wine and her full lips crushed into Connie's. It was the most passionate kiss she'd shared in years and she kissed Pilar with growing hunger. She'd heard all the clichés about how women kiss more softly and how different it is. But really, it just felt like a really good, really hot kiss. Boldly, Connie flicked her tongue into Pilar's mouth, and Pilar responded in kind, running her tongue along Connie's.

Pilar grabbed both Connie's tank tops and pulled them over her head. Connie was glad it was dark and Pilar couldn't see the boring white bra she wore in the dark. She laced her fingers through Pilar's long, black hair and pulled her back into a kiss. Pilar mashed Connie's breasts with both hands. Her bra's light padding offered no protection for Connie's thick, hard nipples and Pilar took full advantage. Connie wasn't one of those women who went crazy from having her breasts touched. Her lovers always enjoyed playing with them more than she enjoyed the attention, but it was nice to be touched after so long.

Connie pulled Pilar closer until their bodies pressed together and the Latina used her leverage to push Connie to her back. Pilar knelt between her legs and thick hair cascaded down all around Connie's face as her friend hovered above and kissed her. Exploring fingers found the front clasp of Pilar's bra and Connie flicked it open. Pilar shrugged the garment off without breaking their kiss. Connie fondled Pilar's tits and teased Pilar's little nipples and, judging by the way Pilar stiffened and gasped, Pilar's was Connie's the opposite from her own reaction to having her breasts touched. The writhing Latina aggressively thrust her tongue into her mouth.

Connie rose up just a little, so that Pilar could strip her white bra away. Pilar was not gentle with her tits, the way Connie always heard other women were. She sucked Connie's nipples hard and even nipped with sharp teeth until Connie cried out. It was right on the knife-edge between pleasure and pain. Connie was surprised to find that she liked it. Pilar's knee was also busy, pressed against the shorts between Connie's legs. She only had to apply pressure, and Connie did the rest, grinding against her hard kneecap. Even through her shorts, it felt wonderful. 
