 Avery was running late.

As she neared the front doors of the posh NYC hotel, she saw the rain pouring down. She thought about her expensive shoes and the time she'd spent on makeup. She thought about the $100 haircut at the hotel salon. She thought about how the humidity would affect her jet black hair and her iridescent mini-dress. 

"Fuck," she thought.

The doorman opened the door as she mumbled her thanks. For minutes, she tried to hail a cab. The doorman was no help, as he was currently engrossed in a sickeningly flirty conversation with a girl she swore couldn't be eighteen yet.

The rain was coming down so hard she couldn't see anything up or down the street. She looked for a few minutes before sneaking a glance back at the little slut and the doorman.

Apparently, they'd decided to take advantage of the well publicized severe weather warning to have a little public fun. The doorman had his back to the building. The girl had her back to him. One hand was brazenly squeezing her breasts, the other slipping under her mini-skirt. Her eyes were closed.

The doorman noticed Avery watching and gave her a wicked grin that she could barely make out through the mist of the rain. He stared right at her as he pulled the sluts spaghetti strap top down, exposing her breasts. There was a tattoo of a kitten on her left tit.

"Huh. Guess she is eighteen," thought Avery, wryly.

She stared in rapt attention for a minute, before her cellphone buzzed. She turned back towards the street to check it.

"Where R U?

"Runnin L8. omw"

Avery finally managed to hail a cab. As she got in, she looked back at the doorman. Just then, the little slut let out a squeal of delight as he bent her over and entered her. The doorman waved at Avery.

She quickly closed the door and sat there in shock for a moment.

"Ma'am? Where you go to?" asked the old cabbie in a thick middle eastern accent.

"Uhh," the little sluts squeal was echoing in her mind, "Viktor & Spoils, downtown, please."

"Okie Dokie," he replied.

It was slow going in the torrential rain. She barely saw any other cars on the road, yet the cabbie was driving slow. She didn't mind, for once, since visibility was pretty close to zero.

In a half-hearted effort to get her mind off the strange encounter she witnessed, she chatted up the cabbie about the weather. She learned that a lot of drivers had feared to go out in the storm.

"Well that explains why I had such trouble catching one," she reasoned out in her mind.

She saw out the window others like her who were trying to catch a cab. She felt a little sorry for them. She asked the driver to stop and pick up the next person. He said he wouldn't mind even though it was against the rules.

The cab stopped in front of another hotel and she opened up the door. It was a couple. A very attractive couple. They looked confused.

"Oh, I asked him to stop for another fare since the weather is so bad and there's so few cabs. It's on me."

"That's so sweet!" said the lady as they slid in, her first. He saw the lady was blonde, with short cropped hair, wearing a black mini-skirt and red top. The guy was dressed in khakis and a polo shirt, which he filled out like any former high school quarterback.

For some reason, she heard that slut squeal in her mind again.

They were going to a club near the bar she was meeting her friends at. Pretty convenient.

His name was Keith and hers was Sandy. They were on their third date, and were meeting friends at the club. They chatted for a bit about the weather and such. Conversation kind of died off as the slow cab ride continued. Her thoughts once again drifting back to the doorman and that little slut. She couldn't help but wonder how the rest played out. Was he endowed? Did she suck him? Did he cum inside of her?

It got really quiet in the cab. She looked over and saw the couple staring at her. 

"You OK, Avery? You look a little flushed." said Sandy, concerned.

Avery realized her breath was shallow, her skin was flushed, and was acutely aware of moist heat in a certain other place.

"Fuck. Got myself all worked up didn't I?" he chastised herself.

Mustering some measure of composure, she said she was ok. and Before she could come up with a bullshit explanation for her condition, something about allergies, the cab came to an abrupt halt. 

They looked out the front window and saw flashing lights, what looked like three wrecked cars, and smoke.

"Looks like we're going to be here a while. I stop the meter till we go again," said the cabbie.

As Avery opened her mouth to thank him, their ears were collectively assaulted by a large clap of thunder and and a flash of close lighting. The rain came down even harder, leaving only flashes of emergency lights visible.

She was still all worked up from her mental field trip. It had been a while since she had had any adventurous meetings with a date, and was suddenly a little jealous of the little tattooed slut. She glanced at the couple, sizing them up, wondering what the odds were of something exciting happening.

Another loud thunder clap brought her out of her fog, and a jump and squeal out of Sandy. Not only that, but Sandy's hands had landed on both hers and Keith's thighs.

A pleasant chill ran up Avery's spine. "This could work," she thought to herself. She laughed a bit to break the tension and placed her hands on Sandy's, still on her thigh.

"So, you guys want to hear what I saw before the cab picked me up?"

They looked intrigued.

Avery recounted what she'd seen, as detailed as she could. She could feel her body temperature rising. More importantly, she could feel Sandy's pulse in her wrist. It was racing. She was clearly getting excited.

When she finished, Keith expressed his disbelief. Then the cabbie chimed in.

"Ah. I thought I saw something when I picked you up. Not the strangest thing I've ever seen in my cab though."

Keith looked interested. Avery stole a glance at his crotch and surmised all this talk was having an effect on him as well.

"Really? I gotta hear this." he challenged the cabbie.

The cabbie laughed, and told a very detailed story about a married couple who picked up a stranger and how that became a rather interesting sexual experience. He said times like that made it fun to be a cabbie.

"That's awesome. Only in New York City..." Keith mused, oblivious to how his date was staring at Avery.

She had just seemed to realize that her hand had slowly been creeping up Avery's thigh, with a little prompting.

Without warning, Sandy leaned over and kissed Avery full on the lips. Her hand ran up under Avery's dress, right to her lace panties. As she felt the moistness, she sighed deeply, seemingly relieved that she wasn't the only one worked up.

Avery was pleased as well. This opening promised to lead to a wonderful experience. She stole a glance at Keith, who looked a bit worried that his date was now making out with another woman. She calmed his fear by reaching across Sandy, still locked in a kiss, and gently grabbing his crotch.

"Holy shit," she thought. "He's hard as steel!"

Avery broke off the kiss and smiled at both of them. Turning to the cabbie, she reached into her purse and pulled out some cash. Handing it to the cabbie, she said "You see nothing, right?"

He laughed out loud, accepting it. "Nothing at all!"

Keith and Sandy visibly relaxed, and he kissed her. Avery watched, and began running her hands over Sandy's clothes. She could feel Sandy's nipples hard through her top. She could feel the wetness in her panties. She gently pulled Sandy's top and bra down, exposing her breasts, which Keith gave some loving attention to.

Sandy leaned back on Avery's lap, Keith kissing away. They smiled at each other, her eyes closing seemingly randomly as Keith hit the right spots. Sandy reached up and pulled the top of Avery's dress down, and began to share the love.

Keith worked his way down Sandy's body, eventually running out of room in the cramped cab. He sat up, and so did Sandy.

Avery leaned across Sandy's lap, kneeling on the seat, and gave Keith a quick kiss, before turning her attention to undoing his pants. She released his rather large cock, which had been straining against the khakis. He moaned as she took him in her mouth, as far as she could. As her hands gently stroked it up and down, her mouth followed.

Sandy was enjoying the view, but wanted to play too. So she reached an arm over Avery's bottom and lifted up her dress. She found the gentle, moist bulge in her panties, and slid them aside. Leaning over, she saw a perfectly waxed, neatly tucked pussy. She slid her fingers inside Avery, causing her to yelp.

Avery was enjoying this. She redoubled her efforts on Keith's dick, even gagging a few times. He was definitely enjoying it.

"You'd better stop or my part will be over quick." he said, laughing.

Avery sat up, then got down on the floor of the cab, choosing conciously to ignore what may have happened down there in the past. She lifted Sandy's skirt, and pulled her pretty pink panties off. In contrast to her own, Sandy's pussy was a little more textured.

"Nice," she said, as she lowered her face to Sandy's mound. She had had women before, and was well versed in how to please and tease her.

Moans escaped her and her eyes were clamped shut. Her hips bucked against Avery's face, while her hands held it there. Keith was enjoying the view, playing with Sandy's nipples. The more excited she got, the more Avery wanted to make her cum. She slid her fingers into her, pumping her while her tongue worked Sandy's clit. Sandy began to shiver.

"Oh! I'm...c...c...cu...GOD!"

She couldn't finish the sentence. Avery cold feel her muscles squeezing her fingers as she squirted her cum on Avery's face.

Avery was pleased with her own performance.

Sandy scooted over to where Avery had been siting, panting heavily and shaking. She had a devilish, shameless look in her eyes that entranced Keith.

"Keith," she panted, "Fuck her. "

Avery patted the middle seat where Sandy had been, motioning him to sit. He complied with enthusiasm!

Avery sat on his lap, facing the front of the cab. She reached between her legs, grabbing a hold of Keith's cock. She teased herself with it for a moment before guiding it to her opening.

As she sat down on it, he grunted, she squealed, and Sandy moaned, beginning to play with herself while she watched them.

"I sound just like that tattoo'd slut," she thought briefly, before Keith lifted her up by her arms and slammed her down on his cock again. 

She took that as a cue, and began to bounce on him. She felt him filling her. His hands were all over her body, and Sandy was pulling Avery's hair back as she fingered herself.

Avery stole a glance around. The storm was still obstructing vision. She glanced at the rear view mirror. The cabbie was looking at her.

"What do you see?" she asked him breathlessly.

His eyes lit up. "Nothing at all!" he said, with a bellicose laugh.

Avery continued riding him, each bounce sending waves of exciting pleasure through her. His groping and grasping was getting more and more frantic.

"I can't take much more of this! Ah, AH, ARGH!"

Right as he came, Avery lifted off of him, his cum flying up and hitting the bottom of her chin, then her pussy and ass. Avery came hard at that moment, fortunately for Keiths pants, without a squirt, and heard sandy cumming again.

Sandy reacted quickly, rubbing his cum onto Avery's ass and pussy, and licking it off of her chin. She then squeezed in front of Avery and kicked her bottom parts clean.

After the last drop was cleaned, Sandy sat back. Avery wiggled between the couple, and they all proceeded to adjust and correct their clothing. They all looked at each other, and each burst into laughter. Just then, the cab became brighter as the clouds parted and the rain stopped. The accident in front was cleared up swiftly as they discussed their interesting experience. The cab swiftly carried them to their destinations.

They agreed to exchange contact information. They thanked the cabbie, each giving a generous tip, and went on to meet their friends.

As Avery met her colleagues at the bar, they couldn't help but notice the grin on her face.

"Have I got a story for you guys!"