 It had been a week since I discovered that they had been getting together for sex - 'they' being Jason, my steady boyfriend for the past two years, and Danielle, my rival. Jason was shocked at my reaction when I found them together - rather than being angry, I had offered up my virgin ass for him to fuck right in front of her, showing that I wouldn't give up my man without a fight. He spent the next few days apologizing to me for cheating, and assuring me that I was the one he loved. I decided to take his word for it, and use the situation to add a new spark to our sex life.

After his umpteenth apology, I shocked him again by telling him I was OK with him fucking Danielle's tits as long as he didn't keep it a secret from me. I was happy for him to enjoy her fabulous boobs, as long as he let me watch. His jaw dropped practically to his knees, and it took him a while to reply. When he finally managed to say something, he told me how hot it would be to know that I was watching him with another woman. He also said he was sure that Danielle wouldn't go for it, remembering how embarrassed she was when I had caught them.

I assured him it was no problem, I would just hide in his closet like I had the first time - only this time around, he would know I was watching, and would know I was waiting for him to fuck me after he was done with Danielle and her big tits. I told him to call her and arrange their next meeting as I listened in.

"Hey, Danielle, it's Jason. How are you?"

He held the phone out from his ear so I could listen to her reply, "Oh, hey, Jason. Are things OK with you and Amber? I'm still so embarrassed that she caught us!"

"Yeah, I apologized a lot and we're OK again. Don't worry about that. Can you still come over on Tuesday?"

"What? Are you sure? What would she do if she caught us again???"

"Really, Danni, don't worry. I know what I'm doing. Why don't you come over at the usual time so I can fuck those gorgeous tits of yours."

"Alright, I'll see you then."

After Jason filled me in on what the 'usual time' was, I told him I'd be at his place at least 15 minutes before that, so I would have plenty of time to hide before she arrived. I also asked him to please clean his closet, so I'd have a little more room to make myself comfortable as I watched him fool around with Danielle.

Two days later, the 'usual time' finally arrived. I dressed in the outfit I had chosen for the occasion - matching red bra and panties, black fishnet stockings held up with red garters, and black heels - and then threw on a trench coat for my walk across campus from my sorority house to his dorm. When I arrived at his door, he opened it before I could even knock. I guess he was a little excited about what was about to happen. My suspicion was confirmed as I watched the bulge form in his pants as I peeled off the trench coat and hung it in the closet.

"Oh my gawd, Amber, I've never seen you dressed like this - you look so hot!"

"I know, sweetie. Just keep that image with you as you're fucking Danielle's tits, and remember that I'm waiting for you to fuck me after she's gone."

"Amber, you've got me so hot already. I would take you right now if I didn't know she would be here any minute."

I grinned and climbed into his closet, making myself comfortable and pulling the door almost closed, but with enough of an opening to give myself a clear view of the upcoming action. If only Jason knew what I actually had in mind - but I wasn't sure he'd go for it if I had told him that what I was really after - another chance to put Danielle in her place, but this time also enjoy the three-some a little more. I figured I'd wait for them both to get in the mood - with Jason thinking I was just there to watch, and Danielle having no clue I was there at all - before I'd make my move.

It wasn't long before Danielle arrived - dressed not unlike I had been, wearing just lingerie covered by a long jacket. Already excited, Jason quickly pawed at her as she entered his room, and had her down to her bra and panties before she could say a thing. She responded well to his aggressive approach, reciprocating by grabbing first at his ass, and then his hard cock, stroking it through his sweats and boxers.

My nipples hardened as I watched them frantically tear at each other's clothing, and before long Jason was massaging Danielle's gorgeous tits as she squeezed his growing cock with both hands. Before getting him too excited, she let go of his cock and climbed onto the bed. This time, he was the one to lubricate her breasts in preparation for their fuck-fest. He climbed onto the bed over her and began licking her tits one by one, leaving them wet with his saliva. As he did this, he slid one finger from his right hand, then from his left hand, into her pussy. Those fingers then replaced his tongue on her breasts, smearing her own juices onto her tits as she moaned and squirmed beneath him.

It was almost time for me to make my move, but I wanted to be sure to surprise them, so I stood up slowly, quietly in the closet and made sure that their moans were louder than any noise I was making as I approached them. As Jason positioned himself over Danielle's chest, ready to begin fucking her tits, I slipped out of the closet and dropped quietly to the floor. As he sighed loudly with his first stroke, I crawled toward them, still unnoticed. As she juicily licked the tip of his cock when it reached her mouth, I was just reaching my first goal - my hand was poised to touch her sex.

Her pussy was wide open for the taking, and I pounced, shoving two fingers deep into her. She gasped and looked to see who was penetrating her in this way, her searching eyes landing on my face, where she saw me with my finger to my lips, motioning for her to be quiet. Jason assumed Danielle was responding to the touch of his cock on her tits, and the motion of my fingers inside her pussy was apparently satisfying enough for her to go along with my plan. As I began finger-fucking her, Jason still had no clue I had left the confines of the closet, and was stroking his cock through her tits with enthusiasm.

This was hot, but I wasn't going to let her cum, at least not yet. I abruptly pulled my fingers out of her, knowing she would object and give away our little secret. "No, Amber, don't stop!" were the words that alerted Jason to my presence. He stopped his thrusting motions and shot a glance over his shoulder, his eyes meeting mine with a questioning look. It was immediately obvious to both of them that I was in control - Jason realized that I had planned things this way, and Danielle realized by the way I was dressed that I hadn't just happened to be here, but was obviously planning on an intimate encounter. It was also obvious that there would be no embarrassment this time around - it was worth it to everyone in the room to find out what I had in store for them.

"Stand up, Jason," I said to my boyfriend, and motioned for him to stand right next to the bed. After he had followed my direction, I took his place on the bed, straddling Danielle's chest. "It's your turn to fuck me with those beautiful tits of yours, Danielle," I said to her, resulting in a puzzled look coming back at me. Pushing my panties away to one side of my pussy, I lowered myself onto her right breast. Her erect nipple first touched my clit, and then quickly disappeared into my dripping wet pussy. I pinched her other nipple between my fingers as I began moving my hips, and she arched her back in obvious pleasure.

Jason, meanwhile, was standing beside the bed, dumbfounded, waiting to see what I would come up with next. Once I was settled into a rhythm, Danielle's tits working their magic on my clit and pussy lips, I looked up at Jason and grabbed his balls, pulling him close enough that I could suck his cock. Completely turned on by the sensations I was getting from Danielle's hot body, I took his entire cock into my mouth in one smooth motion. He groaned with satisfaction and immediately began thrusting into my mouth, his balls slapping against my face as his cock pushed into my throat.

Realizing Jason had his hands free, I guided his fingers to Danielle's pussy, and he began making long, slow strokes from her clit into her hole and back again. I soon decided to quicken the pace, moving both my mouth and my hips faster, and listening as both Jason and Danielle began to moan in ecstasy. This was even hotter than I had imagined, but I wasn't going to let either of them cum yet - I had one more position planned for our threesome, one which I hoped would let us all cum simultaneously.

I pulled myself up off of Danielle's chest, and let Jason's cock slip from my mouth. Both of them let out a disappointed little moan, but soon realized that I was just moving to position us for something even better. I grabbed Danielle by the thighs and pulled her towards the edge of the bed, her feet resting on the floor and her pussy in my face as I kneeled before her. Jason got the idea with no instructions necessary, and went to his knees behind me, ready to take me doggie style.

Just as I looked over my shoulder with a 'what are you waiting for' glance, he thrust deep into me, and I let out a whimper as my pussy took in his entire cock. As he began to pump me from behind, I turned my attention back to Danielle. As she watched the hot fucking in front of her and pinched her own nipples, I began exploring her sex with both my mouth and my hands. With my tongue on her clit, I pulled her pussy lips apart with one hand and thrust two fingers of my other hand as deep into her as I could. I could feel her pussy muscles clench around me, just as mine was responding to Jason's cock. Two fingers became three, and I started fucking her with exactly the fast, hard rhythm that Jason was using to fuck me.

Danielle began to encourage him, telling him to fuck me harder with his huge cock, that it was up to him to make us both cum, that she wanted him to cum deep inside me as I made her cum with my tongue on her clit. With her words, his cock reached deeper into my pussy than it ever had before. I couldn't believe the penetration, and responded with my mouth on her clit, taking it now gently between my teeth and nibbling as she encouraged me with her gyrating hips.

I was already close to an orgasm, but when Jason reached around and began stroking my clit as he fucked me, I couldn't hold off any longer. My hot breaths on Danielle's clit became short gasps, and as I struggled to keep finger-fucking her even as I lost control of the rest of my body, I could feel her cumming as well. The two of us writhing in ecstasy must have been quite a sight for Jason, who soon came as well, screaming out as he shot his load deep into my pulsating pussy.

As soon as I was able to, I stood up and walked over to the closet, finding the trench coat I had hung up there. "I'm going to leave you two to recover," I said as I pulled on the coat and found first one shoe and then the other. "Hope you both enjoyed that as much as I did!"

"Oh, yeah, Amber," Danielle replied. "I had no idea you'd be up for something like that, but that was the hottest sex I've ever had."

"And, said Jason, grinning, "I'm the luckiest guy on the face of the earth."