 WARNING: The following is intended for adults over 18 years of age. If you are offended by written depictions of various sexual acts between people and different sexual preferences, I would strongly suggest you don't read the following.

* * * * *

Foreword: The character "JT Paine" is based on my alter ego. He is who I want be one day. There maybe following stories that include him and his never ending sex drive ;-0. Please send any comments.

I really don't know what got me up that afternoon. Was it either the crack of the thunder? Or the consent ringing of my doorbell? Well, who the hell cares, I'm up and not in the good mood. As I wearily got out of bed that afternoon and looked out my basement window. Yep, sure enough it was terrible outside. Quite a thunderstorm and the damn doorbell would not stop ringing. I glanced at my clock, "shit, 6 o' clock, who the hell is at the door?" 

As I begun to wake up even more, I remembered that my family went to the cottage this weekend. As I walked upstairs to the front door, I smirked to myself, and hoped that my family had better weather up there. As I got to the front door, I wondered who the hell would dare wake me up. After all coming off an 18-hour shift and only 4 hours sleep, I would certainly look like shit when the person at the door saw me. I was wrong. I opened the door, and saw a familiar face. However, this person was in much worse shape than I was, at least I was dry. "Hi, is Susan home." As I tried to remember who this person was,

I said "sorry, Susan went to the cottage for the long weekend." Susan is my sister. As tried to remember once again, I noticed that she (yes, the person is a female) was shaking from the rain. I asked her if she wanted to come in. She replied yes. Then it finally came to me, "Christina, right?" She nodded, " Yes, and you're Susan's brother, J.T" I closed the door and nodded in response.

As Christina stood in the foyer, I asked her if she wanted to some hot chocolate. She replied yes. I looked into her face and it looked like that she was crying. Or it may have being the rain. As I walked towards the kitchen, I asked if wanted to talk off her coat and sit. My only response was her walking into the kitchen and sitting at the breakfast table. As she sat down, I looked over to her I tried to remember her the last time I saw her. Shit, it must be at least 2 years since I have seen her. 

Holy shit, now it really hit me. Christina Moreau, I can't believe she is sitting in my kitchen. The reason for my reaction is that Christina transferred from another school in my last year of high school. When I first saw her, I thought she was one of the most beautiful girls I have ever seen, along with many people at school. Christina, was (and still is) simply a knock out. She was about 5" 6', 110 pounds, long red-brown hair, angelic face, full lips, tanned legs, flat stomach, nice ass and let's not forget 36C sized breasts. I guess she would now be about 18 and I just turned 21. 

I really didn't know her at high school, only as my sister's friend. She did talk to me a couple of times, but only when she wanted to know where my sister was. Damn, she's still beautiful and she is sitting at my breakfast table. The whistle of the kettle brought me of my daze. I begun to mix the hot chocolate and brought it to the table. I sat down and gave it to her. 

"Thank-you," she said, "not a problem." 

I noticed something in her voice. "Are you okay?" She looked up and she was definitely crying. I guessed I didn't need anymore than that. I asked "what's wrong, Christina?" 

In her state, she replied "I had to get away from my parents. They had another fight and I just needed to be elsewhere. I had to take the bus here and the storm started just before I got off. It took me five minutes to get here and I'm soaked right through." 

As I tired to be careful in my response, "yeah, I know it's really coming down out there. As I said Susan has gone away and wouldn't be back till late Monday night. What do you want to do? I mean, you could stay here, if you like."

"Thanks but I think I will have make other arrangements," she said. Damn, I thought to myself, "well you could use the phone and call someone." She got up and I noticed that her chair was wet, she wasn't kidding, all the way through. I begun to read the paper and noticed nothing of interest. 

"Damn, nobody is home, shit nobody anywhere,” she said. Christina sat down again and started to cry again. I tired to comfort her and tell her that everything is going to all right. "How could everything be OK, I mean my parents had a big fight, I'm soaked, none of my friends are home and my sister is away at college. I can't afford a hotel room. Susan was the first friend I thought of. I didn't have time to call, so I just came over. I'm sorry that I woke you up, J.T." 

"That's all right, I needed to get up anyway,” shit, she noticed my situation. "Listen, I know that you and I don't know each other very well, but can I stay here a few days. Shit, I didn't even have time to pack,” Christina said. Well at least I didn't have to ask her again.

As I smiled on the inside, I asked her if she wanted to change from those wet clothes. The reply was yes. I walked to my sister's room with Christina in tow. As I looked through Susan's room for some clothes for her. I begun to remember that Susan was the type of person to pack almost everything. 

And this weekend was no exception. As I looked for anything that Christina could wear, I realised that she was looking at me. "J.T., you really changed since the last time I saw you. It must two years at least. You have lost a lot of weight and developed quite a six-pack." 

I turned around and smiled, "thanks." I can't believe she remembered all that. I really overweight in high school and wasn't popular with girls. Since I graduated, I started to workout and lost a lot of weight. Two years later, I'm 220 instead of 290 pounds. I'm about 6" 2' and rippling with muscles. Now I had no problems getting women, but nothing serious. 

I not worried, I'm young. "I'm sorry, it looks like that Susan took everything she owns." "I know, Susan has slept over at my house before," Christina laughed. I started to say that my mom may have something, but my mom likes to keep a lock on her door and I don't have the key. 

"Well, I guess you will have wear some of my clothes," I said with a smile. Christina smiled and I forgot what a beautiful smile she had, "Okay." I ran downstairs to my room (I had the basement to myself), and grabbed a T-shirt and shorts. When I came back up, Christina was still in Susan's room. 

"Here this all I got." "That's all right, thanks," she said. "I guess that you could change in here. I have to take a shower." Her only response was a nod and I hurried to my room and back up to the bathroom. While in the shower, I begun to think of the time I saw Christina in our pool, which was some time ago. Damn, did that suit ever look good on her! Moreover, what she would look like with nothing on. Nevertheless, what she would look like on me. "Shit, what are you thinking J.T? That will never happen," I swore to myself. 

As I was finishing up, I had my towel around my waist and in the process of shaving my face. The door opened suddenly (I got to fix that door someday), "Hi, what do you think," Christina asked. As the steam cleared some more, I turned and looked towards the door. My mouth (and hers) just dropped; shit she was just wearing my T-shirt. She was just beautiful, standing in the doorway just wearing the T-shirt, her hair still wet and yes; she wasn't wearing a bra. 

"You look fine," I finally mumbled. 

"So do you," she said quickly. Her face went red and she looked away smiling. I grinned at her comment and cleaned up. Christina got over she comment and looked at me again, her eyes strained on my upper body, "I have, have.... to use the shower, I like.... to have a shower." I nodded and finished up. As I walked out the bathroom, Christina stood sideways in the doorway. As I came out, I sidestepped her and I could swear that she bumped her breasts into my arm. Damn those felt very nice. As I walked down the hallway, I felt her eyes on me. This is going to be one very interesting weekend.

As I begun to change into my clean clothes, I looked out the window; the storm was still hitting us hard. I look at my clock again, it said 7:43pm. All of a sudden, the lights went out. "Shit!" I swore out loud. Then I heard a scream and crash from the bathroom. I ran upstairs in complete darkness, being it my house; I had no problem with the layout. I threw open the door and saw Christina on the floor, unconscious and naked. 

"This is no time for a woody, J.T” I picked up Christina without a problem, along with the T-shirt, she began to stir and nestled her face perfectly into my neck. Her warm breath felt very nice against me. I decided to take her to my room. I laid her down on my bed and went to my bathroom in the basement. I got small towel and wet it with some warm water. As I came back, I decided throw a larger towel on her. As I patted the small bump on her head, she came about and opened her eyes. I smiled at her and said hi. Christina put her hand to head and asked me what happen. "The lights went out and you fell, and on top of that you naked under that towel." She smiled and blushed even redder than before. 

As Christina started to get up, holding the towel, she let cry of pain. I suddenly went back to her, "what's wrong?" "My back, I think I may have hit also," she replied and tried to rub it her herself. "Let me do that," I jumped in and without her saying anything, I began. With her sitting up, I told that she should lie down on the bed. She just simply nodded and lay down. With that I saw the sides of her breasts, ass, legs and I tried not to look at her pussy, but... 

To resist that temptation I put another towel over her ass. Christina did nothing to cover up. Before I began to massage her back, I got a bottle of baby oil from the bathroom upstairs. So with that I began. At first I stood off to the side and rubbing the oil into her. Christina begun to moan and say how good it felt. Trust me, I was feeling good also. Then without warning I straddled her, just where the towel ended. Christina said nothing and I spread out my hands up to her shoulders, upper back, sides, and of course brushing my fingers against her breasts. As Christina's breathing started to get irregular, I asked her if she was all right. 

"Oh god, yes," was her reply. As my huge erection was trying to tear through my shorts, I tried to think of something else. It didn't work. With that I moved the towel down Christina's ass a bit and started to massage a little bit of her ass. I didn't care anymore, I knew she was enjoying it. Her breathing started to slow down and relax. Good, she's starting to drift to sleep. A few more minutes, she was out like the lights not so long ago. As got off her, the towel that was kind of covering her ass also came off. As I bent down to get it, I looked at her ass and her pussy. I almost lost my load; her pussy was wet and towel under her as well. 

"Shit," I thought; she enjoyed that more than I suspected. As I stared for few more seconds, I realised that this was wrong. I covered her ass with the towel and my blanket. I watched her sleep for few minutes and then decided to get something to eat (food that is).

As I opened my fridge, began to think what I can eat without using the stove. As I was running out of ideas, the lights came back on. "Good," I said to myself. I prepared something simple and left dish for Christina. As I finished up, I looked at my watch, 9:19pm. What the hell am I going to do? Then it came to me, since I had a long day, I decided to go in the hot tub. I usually do that; I had no plans and didn't want to leave Christina alone. 

Once again went down to my room, changed and left Christina a note to where I will be and there was food. As I came back up, I grabbed a 12-pack of beer from the fridge and headed out to the hot tub. As I got out there I realised that storm had died down a lot, but it was still raining a bit and lightning. It didn't matter; the hot tub along with the pool was in-door. I started the hot tub and got in, it felt damn good. As I reached for a beer, I also reached over and put on the radio. 

I don't know how long, I was in there. Time meant nothing, I guess the only way I could have really told was the about of beers I had. I counted 7 empty bottles, and relaxed even more. All sudden I felt a brush of air against my head. I thought it was all the beer I have had. Then I felt the water in the tub move and something brush up against me, that wasn't the alcohol.

"Hello, Christina, how are doing?" I opened eyes and looked over at her, "how did you know it was me, not some stranger?" "Well, simple I locked all the doors, turned off many lights, I will have to assume that your the only other person within the house," I replied trying to be smart ass.

"Well you're very good, I feel simply wonderful. The massage was heaven, along with the food you cooked." 

"Thank-you," I said. 

"Those big, strong hands of yours worked so well and felt so good," she said smiling rather sexily. I don't know if it must have being the beer, but my response was rather blunt, "well, you know my hands aren't the only thing big and strong that will feel good."

I quickly covered my mouth and apologised, "I'm sorry I have and few," pointing to the beers. Christina just smiled that sexy smile and asked if she could have some. "How old are you, Christina?"

"turned 18 two months ago," was her reply. 

"Old enough," and handed her beer. 

As the night processed, Christina had 3 beers and I nine. I could tell that she wasn't use to drinking. Between all the beers, we talked a lot about each other. I was buzzed, but she was almost lush. Also between that time Christina moved closer to where I was sitting in the tub. We were touching, and then I realised that she wasn't wearing any clothes. Christina then put her head on my shoulder and I put my arm around her. I started to play with her hair, and both of us coming down from the effect of the alcohol. "J.T, I didn't get to really thank you for what you have done so far for me. Damn, no guy I have ever known did anything like that for me." 

And with that Christina took her hand, turned my face and planted a long, sensual kiss right on my lips. I didn't even expect it, and as she drew away, I had surprised expression on my face. Christina looked away, "sorry I did that, but..." her voice trailed off.

"Christina, I have secret, ever since I saw you I have had a crush on you. I really did like you two years ago and even as we sit in this tub. And no don't apologise for kissing me." With that, I turn her back towards me and returned the kiss. I then stood up on my knees and started to put my arms around her. As we drew apart, I looked her up and down. Her breasts were just above the water. She took my breath away, "Damn, Christina, you are so fucking beautiful. And I mean that." looking into her eyes. 

"Well, I have a secret for you, also J.T. I'm...a, a...I'm a virgin and well...I want you to fuck me." 

I almost fainted; the most beautiful girl I have ever known wants me to fuck her, HMMMM! "Christina, are you sure it's not the alcohol talkin'," I asked. 

"No, J.T, it's not the alcohol. You're the sweetest guy I have known. Even your last year of high school, I thought you were a sweetheart. J.T, I have had two boyfriends in my life, but to be honest they were not as nice as you were. All they wanted was my pussy. I never gave it to them. You could have had my pussy so easily, but you didn't take it and for that's what I have being looking for. Don't get me wrong, you have great body, but I'm in love with what you have on the inside. I wish I could have got to you a lot sooner, but I'll make for the lost time. Now lets see that other big thing that you have, which will make me feel so good." And with that Christina kissed me deeply once again and reached in side my shorts.

This kiss lasted for some time, however the "sweet-heart" I am, I resisted in letting my dick get hard. Christina noticed and pulled her hand out of my shorts. "What's wrong J.T, don't you like me," she asked with hurt in her voice. "Oh, believe me, I love you. But are you positive that you are ready for this. All that you have being through, I don't want to take advantage of you," I replied.

"There you go again. Why are you so sweet? J.T, I know that I have being through a lot, but nothing else matters at the moment. Because I want this to happen and I'm more sure of this than anything else in my life," she said and felt for my dick through my shorts. With that I let my tension go, and relaxed with the moment. I stood up and removed my shorts, letting my semi-erect dick loose. 

I heard a small gasp from Christina, "I didn't know that a dick could be so big!” she almost shouted. "Actually I'm not fully erect yet and I need help from you," I asked. Christina automatically reached for my dick and started to rub it up and down. "Oh my, your dick is getting bigger and hotter, can I, can I...suck it," Christina asked looking into my eyes. 

"Have you ever suck dick before?" "No, but I have practised on bananas, lollie-pops, beer bottles and other various items," she said blushing. "Go for it sweetheart and I know you would do a good job," I said sexily. Christina brought her full-lips to the head of my dick and kissed it. My whole body shook, and then she put her lips over the head and gently started sucking. I almost fell back; I had to stable myself. Christina was doing one hell of job, as she picked the pace, I leaned back on the rim of the hot tub and tilted my hips so that Christina could work on my dick better. 

"God, Christina you are fucking incredible at this. Fuck! Your mouth is feels so fucking good on my dick. Keep going baby." "Oh J.T., your dick is so big and hard, it feels so good and hot in my mouth. Damn, do you know how big it is? I can't wait to feel that monster in me," she asked. 

"Well, once, one of ex-girlfriends actually measured it to boast to other friends. As it turned out, my dick is a perfect 10, if you know what I mean," I replied huskily. Christina once again proceeded to work my dick between her lips and hands. I started to play with her huge breasts; they were so firm, yet soft. Her skin was like satin, or silk. I tweaked at her nipples, at least 1/2 inch long and huge aureoles.

Christina started to groan with delight as she kept working on my dick. This reaction excited me even more, and I felt that I was going to release my load. "Oh, Christina, keep going baby, that's it, fuck yeah, oh yeah, I cumming sweetheart!! Oh Fuck YEAH!! YES! " and I came all over her lips, mouth, face. I came quite a lot and slowly died away. "Was I good J.T, was I good?" 

"Oh baby you were more good, that was fucking amazing. However, I have to return the favour!" I replied. With that I sat up, sat her back where I was. I kissed her fully on the lips and ran my hands over her breasts, tweaking those ever-sensitive nipples. Once again Christina started to moan, "OH, yeah, that's right lick, suck, bite my nipples." 

I had no choice but to respond to her demands, and as I slowly worked her nipples, I ran my hand down to her pussy. As my tongue was busy on her breasts, my hand was busy with her pussy. I begun trace the outline of her almost hairless pussy. Her moans became louder and her breathing faster. I was strumming her like harp and she was going crazy. I found her clit and begun tweak it with my thumb and forefinger, her reaction to say the least was anything but quiet. I decided it was time for me to truly return the satisfaction I received earlier. As my mouth left her breast, my hands took their place. As I slowly trailed down her stomach with my tongue, I knew that her pussy wanted attention. My descent to her pussy stopped short to work on her belly button. I knew the lack of attention that her pussy wasn't getting, was driving her crazy. 
