 I will apologize right away for the vagueness on certain details in this story – even though the other parties involved my stories don't read Literotica, I don't want to take any chances. 

But I still want to share this with you. I'm fighting the urge to start with, "Dear Penthouse, I never thought this would ever happen to me! I..."

It starts out more boring than that. But thankfully doesn't finish that way.

My name is... Bruce. Sure. Bruce Lee. I'm not selling this so I'm not afraid of copyright infringement; an advantage in this format. I'm not a martial arts fanatic, just in a lot of ways an average 20 something working in a small business somewhere in the Midwest of America. 20 people, a showroom floor, products for sale and the back half of the store is the office area. Sales folk, clerical assistants, a General Manager and a Regional Manager who stops by occasionally make up the staff. Suits, nice dresses, etc.

I'm not that bad looking but I wouldn't go as far to say stellar. An ex once told me I was easy on the heart, mind and eyes. Perfect? No, not bad though. I work out, stay as lean as I can with a mild debaucharous lifestyle, dress fairly sharp and spend more than 5 minutes on my hair in the morning. But not enough to either be the contestant or judge on Queer Eye for the Straight guy. Not shabby.

Enough about me. Let's go to the scene. It's a Friday afternoon; everyone has more or less evacuated the store already by 1 pm. Taking a lunch at noon and never quite making it back. I could probably streak through the office area without disturbing a soul. I won't though. A good freak keeps it all inside and brings it out when it's right. Being visible all the time means you need the attention. I don't.

2 o'clock hit and you can hear people rolling up and walking out the door. It's just me and 4, maybe 3 people in the whole store. I'm the Office Manager here and its end of month so I'm checking invoices, reports and other nonsense that would bore you to tears. That leaves Daphne, Dog Jones and Melanie left in the store with me.

Naturally these aren't their names and since I don't have to use the real ones, I'm choosing more... adjective pronouns to use. They are fitting for both.

Daphne is a smoking hot late 20s hottie who's the Billing Clerk. The fact I haven't had to order her an asbestos office chair to sit in is proof that there is a God and he understands what keeping a budget means. She really is smoking hot, brunette with a slight natural curl, manicured everything and knows how to dress for success. Scary thing is that she can roll with the best of them and only plays dumb flirt when it is required. She was engaged for a while but after a few bad nights with the beau, she was out on the prowl again. I don't know who to feel sorrier for; the men she's left churning in their chinos or the poor bastards who's been with her that know they will never tap something that perfect again.

Thankfully I have been neither. Daph and I have somehow maintained a very professional level of polite flirting on an occupational level and neither party seems ill at ease for this. We're okay with it. And there's Dog Jones of course.

Dog is a man-hoe on rails who still carries respect and admiration of those around him. He's like the popular kid who knew that playing it straight and being the nice guy while being a shining star was the way to go. He works out less than I do but has the frame and metabolism to show it off better. Sprinkling eyes and teeth. Perfect hair, suit and shoes. Could negotiate a peace treaty one minute and then sell both sides the ammunitions to continue the conflict, he's that smooth. I almost could hate him on principle alone if he didn't get Lead Sales within 6 months being on board. And kept it. The women folk around the office fawn over him and Daph is certainly in that category. Dog gives a little attention back to each one, to what depth or sincerity is beyond me but that's his scene. We have always gotten along well, though a few arrogant moments have almost come to head a few times but that's just business. Just two guys working together. 

I was working on a complicated invoice and swung by Daph's desk to request her to check the stacks for an old file to verify against. No one was home. Hmmm. Assuming Daph was just in the Women's restroom, I didn't bother to call up to Melanie, the front desk gal to see if she had left. I said to hell with it and just went to the stacks myself to get the invoice. I didn't mind, I needed away from my desk.

The stacks as you can imagine is a store room that was built into the attic of the old building we worked at. Once upon a time there were offices up there when it was a car dealer ship and my company once had their break room up there but now it houses our copious outdated files. I have threatened, cajoled, insisted and damn near demanded to have them all scanned into digital files but even I couldn't approve my own request. Paper to plastic jobs are a fortune if you have to outsource. Today I would be glad it hadn't happened yet.

I wasn't intentionally being quiet but I had done this a thousand times; go to the stairwell, head up stairs and punch in the security code at the door and step inside. The only light that was on when I walked in leaked in through the crappy, aged window shades up there, illuminating rows of vertical files to the far end of the building. I went to flip the switch on when I heard a distinctive feminine moan from the copy table. Needless to say, my instincts kicked in, left the lights off and immediately moved quietly around the far side of the stacks to see what the fun was.

Dog had Daph pressed up against an old fridge I had been dreading to remove for ages and was pawing his way through her clothes. Daph moaned again as Dog nibbled at her neck and ground against her. She moaned out his name as he pressed hard and up, her legs splaying to let him get closer to her. A pair of lovely arms sprouted out in front of Dog to ease him back to give her room to seductively remove her blouse. 

A twirl and a spin as she withdrew the remaining buttons and spun the blouse off. A stunning black bra with hot pink highlights held a pair of delightful 36s, probably Cs. I couldn't blame Dog as he lunged back in, only to be halted by a gentle hand as the other expertly untied her skirt to let it spindle off her waist. A black short curtain gave way to further to compliment the delightful décolletage, matching garner belt, garters and of course matching panties. Someone planned this, for a while now.

Whatever I had downstairs on my desk might as well have caught fire for all I cared; I wasn't budging from my secluded location in a darkened corridor between two rows. I was memorizing everything to enjoy later. A sudden sound or movement would shatter this lovely tableau and I wouldn't have that.

The restraining hand was brushed aside as Dog sprung upon her with almost an out of character dramatic pounce. You could hear her bodily collide with the fridge as his teeth sank into the bridge of her shoulder and neck. Her shuttering gasp was enough to know she was counting on it, goading him to take her with force. Her hips flared up against his as one of his hands circled around her bottom to kneed her loveliness and the remaining hand made short order of removing the bra from Daph's delectable form.

A shoulder shrug and two very eager hand gestures later her young pert breast were jiggling in the dim light. With envy, I watched Dog circle them with his hands, cup both and taking the left one up and sucking the nipple into his mouth. He bit down, as I could tell from her almost flinching inhale. His right hand before free and clasped both of her wrists in his large hand then pinned them to the top of the fridge. He continued his full court press and ground into her crotch further, causing her to twitch underneath his pursuit.

Daph pulled her hands down out of his grasp and brought his face to hers for a hungry kiss. Her hand slips away, travels down his frame and grabs a hold of his manhood through his trousers with open need. For the briefest moment, one of her eyes flutters open, glancing around wildly before directing him to a chair that we keep upstairs at the copy table. I stop breathing for a moment and did my best to imitate inorganic material as not to disrupt. My cheeks are flushed to no end and the erection in my trousers was throbbing in eagerness. I'm surprised I didn't have steam rolling off of me. Whatever Daph was looking at was quickly forgotten as she moved to her next idea.

She took Dogs unknotted tie off his shirt and tied it around his head, as a makeshift blindfold. He protested briefly but she softly shushed him with her breasts on either side of his face. Quickly he complied. She then pulled off his trouser belt and quickly secured his hands behind the chair back. Devilish. I could almost pity him if he wasn't the one touching her, even in a restrained fashion. In one final almost tearing fashion, she removed his trousers and bottoms. His manhood in its epic glory sprung free from its imprisonment and came to a gentle stop, right before Daph dropped to a crouch and inhaled it. To my best recollection, I can't remember if I gasped myself but I think it was drowned out in Dog's own praise of her skills.

He thrashed about in the chair as Daph swirled his head in her mouth and deep throated the member without needing to adjust. It was intoxicating, watching her torment this man to such depths. She reached up and flicked at one of his nipples which seemed to give him a jolt each time. He pulled at the makeshift restraints but they held fast as her head bobbed seductively in front of him. An exalted sigh slide from him as his hips thrust up at Daph. She laughed playfully as he begged to be inside her.

This comment seemed to break her drive at oral pleasing him as she stood up almost abruptly. With hands on her hips, she did another glance over her shoulder, so brief I almost wrote it off as a reflexive hair toss. It occurred to me that she might have been enjoying the danger of nearly being caught and it fueled her desire. She knew I was the only other person with access to this store room and I might eventually acquire her assistance. Continuing my statuesque posture, I was spell bound at this vixen's torment of 2 men, one she appeared not to know she snared.

Pivoting on her foot, she swung around in front of Dog and bent over away from him, gently grinding on him herself. He moaned out her name in a begging manner as she continued to post up and down against him. I wondered idly if Daphne had failed to mention any other occupational skills but it quickly slid away as my mind melted watching her work Dog into a puddle.

After 3 more minutes of pistoning against him (to the point I almost begged her to fuck him) she told up and slid down her panties, leaving the garter belt and garters up. Stepping out of her knickers, she leaned back over, leaning her tender side to his face from the rear. She was shaven, her need glistening clearly, even in the darkened room. When she spoke, my eyes came back into full focus and tracked her.

"Isn't this what you have been craving? Needing? We both know it is. We both need this, more than we ever will admit to each other."

Her soft voice just seemed to drift like a perfume around the room. It danced over files, soared through the darkness and tangoed through my ears. I could feel my body surrendering to my animal needs, all energy sliding down into my crotch as my dick was blazing. I had to be harder than I had ever been; despite the scene s I had visited, created before. This was so organic yet dirty.

"I am done hiding my hunger for you. You will be mine. Even if it's just in this room."

With the last word, she slid backwards and thrust her head up as Dog's penis head rested against her lower lips and parted them. Her eyes rolled right into the back of her head as she slid down further, his large manhood splitting her further and further until she rested on the edge of the seat herself. She shuttered and moaned, letting her finger tips brush against her nipples and shift on her mount.

That is when Daphne opened her eyes slowly and looked right at me.

As her eyes widened with surprise, I felt what had to be emotional ice water running past my ankles in sheer, rude panic. My heart immediately pulled back on the blood to get back to my limbs to slip back out and already I was formulating excuses for my rude presence and figuring out how to maintain professional integrity with my assistant who was very naked onto of an Account Manager when...

Daphne's surprise melted into a hazy, devilish grin that summoned back that hungry look she had when she first started playing with Dog. Never breaking eye contact with me, she raised herself up slowly and posted back down, Dog sliding in and out of her hot pussy. I felt my heart continue to race but my feet no longer locking up or wanting to flee as she pistoned up and down on Dog. I felt the energy swirl around my body as it shimmered from a cold panic into something more hopeful. The energy went ablaze when she gestured me forward to her.

With open curiosity and idly playing with her breast and nipples, she studied my face as I moved closer, around the copy table and in front of her. The smirk got stronger as I got closer, though an orgasm fought to contort her face into ecstasy. Her eyes broke away from mine and drank in the image of my hardness; she licked her lips as she returned her gaze to me. 

Not needing a flow chart to put this together, I quietly unfastened my trousers and gently slid them down with my own bottoms. No sooner had my own manhood swung into view; Daph had a spare hand around it to guide it into her mouth, the other slipping down to play with her clit as she continued to fuck Dog. 

I understood very quickly why Dog was barely forming vowels the moment her lips consumed me. 

My head fell back a bit and my eyes were shuttering as she bobbed, impaled and drew me in and out. Dog could tell something was different because Daph suddenly got considerably violent with her posting; slamming down on him and rocketing back up hard. He started to protest or inquire to the change when Daph came with a thunderous orgasm, her hips rolled in little circles as she did a full body shutter. She pulled me out of her mouth but I wasn't going to complain in the slightest; even though my own orgasm rested on the very tip of my dick.

Before I could register what she had in mind, she had pulled herself off Dog in one swift dismount, pivoted back around so she was facing him, intentionally brushing her bottom against my manhood. She dipped forward, taking him back into her mouth and using the leverage and balance of the chair, pushed herself back into me.

My eyes came into a quick focus as I took this new offering, lined myself up with her warm snatch and quickly thrust into her. Dog's manhood was a considerable match for mine but apparently I was slightly larger than him as I felt Daph twitch internally from the size difference. The light in the room seemed to be brighter, the air crisper and the moment hallucinogenic as I felt myself start to fuck Daphne myself. I grunted hard as I pound into her, feeling her soft, velvety interior milk me with a gentle force.

As if I was in shock before, it began to dawn on me what I was doing, as the two mental concepts in my mind colliding beautifully together. Daphne who gets us coffee on rainy days because she wants to. Daphne who was greedily sucking on a massive cock while another pounds her from behind. Daphne who could type a 1000 words a minute while coordinating 3 meetings. Daphne who's black and pink garter belt and stockings wrap around a smashing good ass and one hot little pussy. My own moans joined Dog's as my climax was raising fast with my thoughts, this was too much to hold in me and I needed to let it out.

Daphne who needed a spanking some days and I nearly gave it to her when she bent over to pick something up. Daphne, who I wanted to do the one arm clean sweep on her desk and fuck her on the spot. Yes, yes, YES! All the times I held myself back and I let them all come forward through me and into her, into our union, this moment. In a far off world, I heard Dog's moans reach fever pitch and got right over the moon in his own universe, colliding into Daph, who shoved her hot as fuck cunt onto me...

It felt like a thunderstorm was born inside a volcano that was erupting inside my penis head as it focused to a tiny point and then burst like the big bang. A damn broke, I came inside of Daph like warm champagne and I emptied my bottle into her whole. I grabbed hard onto those hips and thrust like a mad man pounding at the bars of his jail cell. I heard a very loud pop as she pulled her mouth off Dog's love stick and with a near shriek, cum violently a 2nd time.

We all paused for a moment in an intense afterglow of the moment, all panting, no words, no movement. I imagine Daph still had one good hand around Mr. Jones's drive shaft and I was in no hurry to pull out of her driveway either. Obscenities slipped out of all our mouths as we caught our breaths.

I could hear Dog begin to ask, "Who..." and Daph quickly kissed him deeply to distract him and whispered something into his ear. He looked shocked at first but after a brief calm moment, nodded his head. Daph reached around and loosened his restraints but left the tie around his eyes.

I slowly removed myself from Daphne as I could put together it was time to depart. I turned her around and kissed her openly myself, embracing her with reckless abandon and engulfing her in my arms. She energetically kissed me back, sliding a hand around to play with me as we stood there. She broke our kiss and looked at me with soulful eyes. We always had an odd sense of understanding these things. Without a word, I nodded myself.

I carefully rotated around to face the copy table and used some paper towels to clean up quickly. Making a mental note to come back after close but before the cleaning crew did to dispose of the trash myself; I pulled my trousers up and glanced over my shoulder. Daph had already returned to Dog and was in the process of reviving his vitals with a spare hand and gasping as Dog bit down on one of those awesome nipples.

Knowing I had work to do, I straightened myself up, did a once over and headed over to the stacks. I quickly located the file I needed and headed back downstairs, pausing briefly to take in the scene once more before I left.

Facing him this time, Daph was rising and falling again on Dog's cock, she fucked him mercilessly and in turn, he chewed on her breasts to her delight. Fuck... I snapped myself to attention and strolled downstairs, acting as if I just had a horrible time finding a file.

Melanie looked bored to tears and was discreetly reading a news article on the comp when I strolled up. She speed-min'd the doc and swung around to my attention. I glanced at the clock; it was about a quarter after 3.

"Mel, you know... It's dead in here."

She blinked slowly and added, "Yes, I would agree."

I shrugged, "We're the only two people here and I have the joy of doing end of month. Tell you what, why don't you take the rest of the afternoon off and I'll watch the front desk? Consider it my treat – it's a nice Friday, go out and do something with it."

Rapid blinking this time, "Ummmm... Sure Mr. Lee!!" Without barely slowing down to clock out, she was out the door without another word. I flipped the phones to night mode and settled back at my desk as if nothing was different.

About another 15, 20 minutes give or take passes by and Dog Jones practically slides into a slither through the door and into his office. Checks his phone, picks up his coat and briefcase, gives me a standard, "Hi there!" nod and bolts right out the door. About 5 minutes later, down comes Daphne.
