 She didn't need to see him. She didn't want to. She trusted her partner after all as he knew her as intimately as anyone had ever known her.

Instead she could sense him, sense him enter the bedroom behind her as she knelt on the bed and ran her hands over Dave, her partner. 

She liked him to be still whilst she massaged him, to 'give' to him, to feel his reactions and hear his involuntary murmurs as her hands explored his every contour. Dave was always appreciative, always loved what she did to him, always told her how good she was.... how she knew his body so well. 

She also knew he had taken her to places she had never experienced before, with new ideas and new sexual horizons. She knew that her boundaries had been extended and that she had enjoyed them all!

Why then had she felt such resistance when Dave said he would like to introduce someone else into their lovemaking? A third person? She knew she was a one man woman and that she had to feel something for, and trust a man, before she could consider giving herself. Yet when he explained it, it seemed so rational. 

She would still be making love with him! Dave! The person she loved and wanted! That the third person was there to heighten their own sensuality! To add to their own sexuality. He said that a truly sexual person, a genuine sensual person, would not differentiate between gender, numbers or sexual orientation. She knew he was right but just had difficulty with it. 

When she had told him that she had to know them first, to see if there was a connection, that it could not happen otherwise, he had said why do you have to know them at all? Why not complete anonymity? Why do you have to even see them? It will be about our feelings after all... our own feelings.... our touch....our closeness..... heightening of our own, personal sensuality...... together.

Trust. She trusted Dave. Trusted him not to hurt her, that what he did would be good. After all, he had been right so far! They had experimented beyond anything she had experienced before and it had all been wonderful! She had decided to give it a go, convincing herself that it would be a gift from her, to him.

Dave had surprised her again by suggesting a man, she had always assumed that he would choose a woman!

And now it was about to begin.......she re-focused...

She continued to massage, but could hear the deepening breathing of the man behind her, she concentrated on her hand movements, she was still kneeling between Dave's opened legs and was about to lean forward to kiss him all over his body whilst she massaged his balls. She liked this. She liked to let a finger slide downwards around the rim of his anus whilst she did it and to feel his bodies reaction. To put pressure on his perineum and to feel him writhe .... 

She realised that she would be completely exposing herself as she leaned forwards and to her surprise she felt a buzz of excitement run through her body as she did it. Dave was responding to all her movements now, they were looking straight into each others eyes and the intensity built within them. She had no idea what was going to happen to her next and it excited her even more..... She eased back to kiss Dave's rigid penis, to flick her tongue around it's head, to close her lips around it's shaft...

His first touch was a jolt, even though she knew it was coming. He slowly ran his hands up her back from her slender waist up to her shoulders, round, and back down again. He had obviously found the massage oil and soaked his hands as his touch was smooth, gentle and warm. He was following her pace, letting her decide the level of intensity. As she dropped her mouth deeply over Dave's dick he would massage deeper into her body.... when she was delicate and flicked her tongue, he followed her lead by barely stroking the top of the fine hair on her soft skin. She shivered with the anticipation of what could happen next.

Dave gently drew her forward and laid her face down to his side, as she turned to face Dave, to look deep in his eyes, she felt him lay down on the other side of her. Their hands started to run all over her back, lightly at first, then with vigour, then exploring other parts of her body. Her arms, then her legs and buttocks, her inner thighs, all in unison. her sense of touch was in overdrive as the four hands brought her so many new sensations! She felt herself move, involuntarily, to ease her legs apart, to give access to her most sensitive area which was by now feeling swollen and wet. She stared deeply into Dave's eyes whilst the hands, and she didn't know which hands, explored every part of her. Palms pampered, fingers probed, senses danced, her body was electric.

Dave and the stranger must have sensed it because as one they both took her respective hands and placed each one on their erect cocks. The anticipation built for them all as they slowly gyrated within her hands whilst still exploring her body with theirs. She wanted one inside her! But which one? Which way to turn? 

Dave chose for her.... he drew her onto her side, facing him, and slowly eased her head down towards his cock. As she did so her body pushed out towards the stranger, she felt her buttocks push back against him, felt his hard cock in her back as she settled her mouth around Dave's throbbing dick. 

She was wet, warm, inviting. He put his extended hands around her slender waist and slipped his cock up and down in the crevice of her slippery buttocks. Dave was beginning to thrust inside her mouth as she let out a squeal of anticipation as she involuntarily eased her buttocks backwards and her back arched as she tried to manoeuvre herself so that his dick rubbed her most sensitive parts.

She needn't have worried, he was as willing as she was, she felt his hard dick at her moist entrance, he tried to tease her by not going inside her but she wanted it, deep, hard, and fast! She felt it against her and pushed back, taking him fully within her whilst simultaneously dropping her mouth so deep onto Dave's cock that he gasped at the same time he did! Both men kept their orgasms intact as she let out a stifled shout of orgasmic bliss.

They slowed it down. 

They shuttled her. 

Slowly. One in, one out, one in, one out. 

For an eternity. 

Hands behind her head pulling her forward and deep, hands around her waist pulling her back, and deep. They were doing with her whatever they thought would bring her pleasure, and it was working!

She came again before they laid her down, on her back this time. 

More massage, moist, scented oily hands everywhere. Her eyes were closed, not just so that she didn't see him but because her senses had taken over, she was absorbing it all, through her skin and through her body. Letting the events insatiate her mind. 

Dave repositioned himself at her head, kneeling, legs astride her head so that his cock fell against her face. He leaned forward and teased her nipples as the stranger moved down, and down, between her open legs, holding them apart whilst his forehead rested on her mound. 

His tongue began to explore her, outside at first, long up and down movements from her clit to the rim of her arse. Along the sides of her labia, both outside and inside, outer and inner and as Dave cupped her breasts tightly and pulled them up so that her nipples were forced up and out, he started to flick his tongue across her clit. She moaned, wanting to lower her hands to his head but Dave lifted them up to his face so that he could nibble her fingers as she slid them around his lips and into his open mouth. Her breasts still firmly cupped, Dave's thumbs started to flick across her nipples as she felt her back arching, involuntarily, and her knees lifted as his tongue probed and flicked her wet and wanton vagina. She began to thrust herself upwards to his probing tongue as her mouth sought Dave's cock just above her head, she took it in deeply as the still unknown face tongued her clit and started to move his deft fingers, rhythmically, inside her wet and expectant vagina. Her back arched even more as he found her G spot and stroked it as Dave's cock hardened inside her mouth. She came again. They slowed down, both eased out of her and Dave drew her towards him in a long and tender embrace. He smiled at her, their eyes held each others as they sparkled and danced, saying nothing, telling everything, feeling together and complete.

After a while of heavenly reflection, she sensed the stranger lay back behind and above her. Dave slowly turned her around, and, for the first time, she saw the cock that had been helping her experience all her new sensations. It was big, bigger than Dave's, still erect, a good handful of loose testicles hung below it. She cupped them with one hand and began to feel his cock with her other hand, gently at first, exploring, finding it's ridges, it's natural shape, from the hilt up to the helmet. She ran her fingers up the back of it, gently, finding the sensitive bit just below the head. Dave was lifting her, raising her to her knees, she knelt, upright, between his legs as she continued to slide her hands up and down his substantial cock, wanting it inside her again. She leaned back into Dave as he pressed up against her body as he too was kneeling, right behind her. Her head fell back on to Dave's shoulder, she looked up, still away from the stranger as Dave eased her forwards and lifted her so that she began to straddled him. She rocked her wet pussy gently over his dick as it lay straight up his flat and muscular abdomen, her head still leaning back and gently kissing Dave's neck. Dave's hands held her waist and helped with her body movement as she started to raise herself up to position herself over his cock. All hands met as they all chose the same moment to slide it inside her, his from the front, hers from above and Dave's from behind giving her another new and thrilling sensation! Six hands! all trying to do the same thing at the same time, for her. They all touched, hands, cock and vagina in a blur of wet anticipation, their thoughts, ideas and minds working in unison, all to give to her, to please her, until she could take no more....

She rode him, raised herself up and dropped herself down, all the way down so that his big cock pushed up deep inside. She still leaned back against Dave for support while his arms wrapped around her and cupped her breasts again. His fingers and thumbs squeezed her nipples, hard. He was taking his cue from her, the harder she dropped onto the strangers cock, the harder Dave squeezed her breasts and nipples. She dropped harder, faster, her nipples screamed but she could not stop until another orgasm overtook her. She slumped forward, spent, with the hard dick still inside her.

As her thoughts slowly came back to her she was conscious of Dave massaging her back. She was slumped, forward, along the stranger with her head facing away from his, on his shoulder. She still had not seen his face! Dave was moving his hands from her shoulders to her buttocks now, with more urgency, as she realised that neither of them had come yet. She wanted to feel them come but she was too weary to do anything about it. 

She said, "Take me, fuck me,"

She felt the stiff cock inside her ease back so that it was just hovering at the entrance to her vagina. 

Then she felt Dave run his hands right down her back and, between her buttocks to where the cock sat, poised. Dave rubbed her juices all around her, making her wet and slippery everywhere and then re-positioned himself, his cock firm and telling her that he wanted her. He began to slip it around between her buttocks, down, gently, letting it's head applying pressure to her anus, until her muscles relaxed and invited him inside. He worked very slowly and rhythmically, pushing deep inside and withdrawing so that it was almost out each time, holding it for a moment and then sliding in again. As the rhythm became regular she realised that the stranger was also sliding back inside her but on the opposite stroke! As Dave withdrew and paused, he slid in, right in. He eased back out as Dave slid his rigid dick in, up to the hilt. They kept it going for ages and she was beginning to stir again, they speeded up as they sensed her response and then, as she felt another orgasm building, they changed their stroke! They started to move in and out of her together! She had never felt such a sensation, she was full, completely full, with everything stretched to capacity, she was being fucked like she had never been fucked before. This was not just love making, it was rampant, no control ownership of her body but she wanted to give it to them! She wanted them both to come, together, inside her so with one last heave and a shout of pure ecstasy, she willed them on. They all knew it was coming, they all let out a shouts of uncontrolled delight as the last, orgasmic thrusts went in to the hilt as their sperm filled her. All of her, as her lips whimpered the ecstatic contentment of yet another orgasm.

They rested, still in her, where she wanted them to be. 

Dave got up, walked around to where her head still lay looking across the room. He eased her up and off as they looked deep into each others eyes. He felt a level of love for her that he had never experienced before. They walked, hand in hand, towards the shower and luxuriated in the foaming hot water on weakened knees.

When they came out he was gone. 

No face, no name, no clothes, nothing but the intensity and delight of the last hour was left in the room.