 Nancy woke up in Barry's small bedroom. She had slept deeply, after a long night of wild sex. She took a moment to assess her situation. She was lying naked in bed on her left side. As she looked forward she could see her boyfriend Barry was still asleep with his back to her. Her left hand was at her side but her right hand was on Barry's hip. The tips of her fingers were buried in his pubic hair. She slowly slid her right hand away from Barry's crotch. This allowed her to slowly turn her shoulders so she could see Corinna sleeping behind her on the bed. The beautiful blonde that Nancy had met only hours ago, had scooted her naked body down lower on the bed so that the top of her head was even with Nancy's shoulders. It was then that Nancy came to a startling realization. Corinna still had two fingers inside Nancy's ass. 

That explained the soreness and pressure she felt on her anus. Were her fingers up my ass all night? Nancy wondered. Is this just the way they fell asleep or had Corinna been prodding her ass all morning, violating her as she slept? 

Nancy took Corinna's right hand gently by the wrist and carefully slid the two knuckle deep fingers out of her tender asshole. After removing Corinna's dirty digits without waking her, Nancy slowly sat up on the bed. Even though it had been hours since any of them had been awake, Nancy was nearly overpowered by the still strong smell of sex, sweat, and ass. Nancy was careful not to wake the others as she slowly extricated herself from the bed. She made the mistake of looking at herself in the full length mirror on the closet door. She had never needed a shower so bad in her life. Dried crusty remnants of who knows what were down her chest, on her face, and in her mussed hair.  She felt sticky and gross and no doubt smelled even worse. Quietly, she worked her way toward the bathroom. A quick glance in the living room proved that she was the first one in the house awake. She was happy that she would have the first shower. She turned on the water and patiently waited for it to warm before she stepped in. The soothing feel of warm water cascading over her body was a cleansing antidote for her soreness. As her hands caressed her still sensitive body, she reflected on the events of the past weeks.

Nancy knew had lost control of herself on her first date with Barry 3 weeks ago. It was a double date. She, along with her cheerleading teammate Misty, had become overwhelmed with lust. It wasn't out of drunkenness that the normally timid Nancy sucked and got fucked on her first date with her handsome and incredibly well endowed new boyfriend Barry. She knew what she was doing. She was the aggressor. Planning her moves in an effort to get what she wanted. Yes, she wanted it...and she got it. It was wonderful at the time. Later she felt ashamed. She had never acted that boldly before. She was normally hesitant and shy, especially when it came to guys. But that night, she had given it all up on the first date like a cheap slut. What would Barry think of her? He didn't seem like the type of guy that would date such an indiscreet girl. She continued through out the next days wondering how she had lost all sense of wholesomeness. She berated herself for ruining her chances with Barry. To her great relief he called and asked her out for lunch later that week. 

Nancy didn't know that Barry felt guilty as well. He knew that it was the powerful incense that he and his roommate Jim had lit that night had caused their dates to go wild with lust. Of course, they didn't realize it would work so potently. He supposed they couldn't be blamed for resisting the beautiful girls' advances. Especially after the girls began teasing them with their lesbian show. Barry invited Nancy to lunch so that he could apologize for being so aggressive on their first date. He really liked Nancy and didn't want their relationship to end as a one night stand. The lunch was long and both of them apologized several times for their behavior on the date. Nancy was glad Barry still seemed to respect her. Barry had planned to tell Nancy about the incense, but since she seemed to accept his apologies, he decided not to bring it up. Nancy was none the wiser. She was comforted by how easy he was to talk to. Both of them sensed a desire for a relationship that went beyond the obvious physical attraction. 

Something in Nancy had changed in the days and weeks following that first night with Barry. Nancy was becoming more comfortable regarding her appearance and sexuality. She was making changes both physical and emotionally that reflected her newly found confidence. Some of the changes were more subtle. She seemed to walk more upright and confident. The shyness of her youth seemed to melt away. Now, instead of finding an excuse to avoid being exposed to the other girls on the cheer squad, she was showering with them after cheerleading practices and games. Not necessarily flaunting it, but no longer hiding her body. In the bright shower lights, her friend Misty observed a more prominent change in Nancy's appearance. She was no longer coloring her hair. Nancy had been embarrassed about her red curls ever since she was a young girl. She began coloring her natural red hair brown ever since junior high. Misty had noticed that she was letting her hair grow longer and now the shower light revealed her lovely crimson locks. Misty complimented her on her hair and told her it made her look sexy. 

Misty secretly loved watching the girls showering with her. She was a true voyeur at heart, and especially enjoyed the opportunity to glimpse at Nancy's beautiful frame. Glancing down, Misty discovered that Nancy was allowing her curly red pubic hairs grow out long and bushy. She had previously kept them shaved or trimmed very short, hiding their true color.  Misty was pleased to see that her red-headed friend was becoming more comfortable with her body. Misty and Nancy had become much closer after their wild sexual encounter that fateful double-date night. Misty was regularly fucking her boyfriend Jim, but she wasn't satisfied. She was fascinated by Nancy, and went to great lengths to hide her desire for Nancy's touch. To Misty's disappointment, she and Nancy had not had any further sexual adventures since their first time together. In fact Nancy had not had sex with Barry or anyone else for that matter since that night. It made her feel better to know that she could restrain from that crazy lust she had that night. Despite this, her body seemed to crave to be with Barry again. She had masturbated several times thinking of him. Both girls were looking forward to the party that Barry and his roommate Jim were having on Friday night.

When the girls arrived at the boys modest off campus house, the party was already well in gear. The house was crowded with college students in various stages of intoxication. Loud music was playing downstairs and it echoed up through the small house. Jim saw them from across the living room and worked his way toward them. He had obviously been drinking since he was having trouble staggering through the crowd. He gave Nancy a hug and a secret pinch on her butt. Then he embraced Misty and gave her a long sloppy kiss. Nancy, immediately feeling like a third wheel, signaled to Misty and went downstairs to look for Barry. She waded her way through the sea of people. The house seemed packed full of bodies. Nancy figured the mix was probably about 60/40 boys to girls. She felt like a fish swimming upstream. She seemed to make inadvertent contact with person after person as she squirmed through the crowd. She felt relieved when she reached the stairs to the basement. The steps were also packed with college students. She continued to bump and grind her way to the bottom. She stopped to say hello occasionally to a familiar face. One time, in an effort to squeeze between a girl and a guy she lost her balance and fell against the guy. Her ass rubbed unintentionally against his crotch. "Sorry," she blushed. "My pleasure," he replied with a smirk. After a few more moments, she finally spotted Barry across the room. He smiled broadly, and they embraced.

They talked, danced and drank some beer. Barry apologized for the amount of people. Over the loud music, Nancy told Barry her ordeal about getting downstairs. 

"Sounds like you have made more friends here than I have," Barry quipped. Nancy giggled.

The couple continued to talk, dance and flirt with each other. About a half hour later the two began to notice a growing commotion building upstairs. Before long it became too loud for Barry to ignore. He quickly took Nancy by the hand and began the trek upstairs to investigate. As Barry was plowing through the crowd, Nancy was being pulled along behind. After several minutes the two managed to reach the living room. Barry turned to Nancy, "Stay here, I've got to talk to Jim." 

Nancy could see activity around the two couches. Too many taller bodies blocked a clear view. As Barry moved to the other side of the room, she could hear the happy sounds of guys, and girls shouting and cheering. A tall guy next to Nancy noticed she could not see and pulled her to the front of the crowd. "Let the girls in front," he shouted repeatedly, as he aggressively tugged her to a front row position. Reaching the front of the crowd, Nancy found herself standing next to an Asian girl at the back of the nearest couch. She was very petite, and flat-chested, but had a very pretty face. Only feet away from her, two erect cocks were pointing at a very busty topless girl sitting on the couch. The topless girl was taking turns sucking one cock while her hand jerked the other. As she moved back and forth, her large breasts bounced much to the delight of the crowd. 

"Can you believe this?" The Asian girl yelled over the crowd. "I'm Janet." 

"I'm Nan..." When Nancy turned to acknowledge her she was startled at what she saw. Janet had her right hand down her pants, obviously fingering herself. 

"Nice to meet you Nan," Janet said staring seductively at Nancy continuing to dig her fingers into her own pussy. Nancy smiled uncomfortably at Janet. The glazed horny look in Janet's eyes gave away her intentions. Nancy swallowed hard, suddenly feeling very uncomfortable. The crowd behind her surged as more and more people crowded in behind.

Meanwhile, Barry had worked his way across the room to Jim. Misty and Jim were enjoying the action from two couples that were on the other couch. One couple was clothed, but making out unashamed in front of the crowd. The female was the aggressor.  She moved on top of her mate and was feeling his cock through his jeans as they continued to explore each others mouths with their tongues.   

Next to them on the couch, another very attractive girl was playfully caressing her breasts over her bra. Barry recognized her immediately as Tracy Bickel, the cheerleading team captain. Tracy was known to be a very seductive girl. She was average height; blonde and she had a beautiful face that seemed to tease sexuality. Tracy had taken off her shirt and was teasing the crowd by dancing and rubbing her breasts over her bra.

Barry knew that Jim had lit some of the incense. Barry didn't detect it personally, but it was nonetheless having a strong influence on all the females at the party.

"I thought we agreed to not light it at the party Jim, where is it?" 

"Sorry, dude," Jim slurred. "I couldn't resist," He pointed to the small light fixture in the middle of the living room ceiling. 

Sure enough there it was. The incense stick and smoke was barely noticeable, especially since there was so much distraction in the room. The problem for Barry was that he couldn't reach it without drawing everyone's attention to the incense in the middle of the room. He didn't want to have to explain the incense to Misty and Nancy especially. 

Meanwhile Misty was feeling the effects as well. She suddenly remembered her small digital camera in her purse. In no time she pulled it out and was dutifully documenting the action. Soon the crowd began to chant in unison. Tits! Tits! Tits!

Tracy was only too happy to oblige. When she removed her bra the room erupted with a cheer. Her small firm breasts and puffy nipples were viewed with great fanfare. Misty noticed that many of the girls in the crowd were encouraging Tracy to reveal more of her tight and petite body. Tracy played to the crowd by pulling on her puffy nipples. Sensing the crowd wanting more, she pulled her jeans off to reveal a cute pair of pink bikini panties with cherries on them. Further applause and fanfare erupted. She then put her thumb inside the waistband of her panties and began to slowly tug at them. All eyes were on the blonde exhibitionist as she teased the horny crowd. Barry watched helplessly as the throng continued to lose control. Barry knew the house was a few minutes away from an all out orgy, and he couldn't do anything about it. He decided the least he could do was remove Nancy from this situation. He began to move back across the room to find her. As he moved underneath the light fixture, he decided to jump up and grab the incense. No one seemed to notice as he grabbed a beer bottle from the coffee table and covertly snuffed the smoldering stick into it. Then he continued across the room toward Nancy. 

Nancy was getting scared.  The weight of the surging crowd pushed hard against her. Her thighs were smashed against the heavy couch. The extreme body heat in the room was making her sweat. Her claustrophobia was kicking in. She could feel what she could only imagine was a cock pushing against her lower back. Suddenly she felt a hand working up inside her shirt. As she turned to look at the culprit she was surprised to see that it was Janet. Nancy was frozen at first. She could hear Janet's heavy breathing as the petite Asian moved to Nancy's ear. 

"You're sexy Nan, I want you!" she groaned, licking Nancy's earlobe. 

As Janet's unwelcome hand worked roughly underneath Nancy's bra, Nancy squirmed to get away. She managed to lift her left leg over the back of the couch. She swatted away Janet's hand that was still on her breast, her thumb and forefinger clamped tightly around her right nipple. Without looking back she stepped over the couch and escaped into Barry's arms on the other side.

"Sorry, I couldn't get to you, there are too many people," Barry apologized, "Are you Ok?"

"Yes, but I really need to get out of here."

"Ok, let's go to my room," Barry suggested.

Barry unlocked the padlock outside his bedroom door, a precaution to keep people out during parties.

As soon as they entered, they embraced. The empty room felt cool comparatively.

"Sorry it getting so crazy out there," Barry apologized.

"I'm ok now," Nancy said, still holding Barry tightly. 

Boom! Boom! Boom! There was a loud pounding at the front door. Followed by the dreaded words, "Open up, this is the police!" The flashing red lights out the front window sent everyone in the house heading for the rear exit. Startled, Barry left the empty bottle he was carrying on his dresser. Barry quickly made his way to the front door. 

"Hi officers, sorry about..."

"Do you live here son?" They interrupted.

"Yes sir."

"You have two minutes to clear out this house. If we see one person still here that doesn't live here we will take you in. Do you understand?"

"Yes sir two minutes."

As the scramble out the back continued, Barry sent Jim and Misty downstairs to make sure everyone left. Barry gathered as many bottles and cans as he could from the living room. He decided to hide the empties in the bathroom. With two hands full of bottles, he used his shoulder to open the shower curtain and place them in the shower tub. As he pushed aside the curtain he was startled by a beautiful blonde girl who had apparently been hiding in the shower. As the girl turned toward Barry he dropped several of the bottles in his hands. As the bottles hit the floor the remnants of them splashed high into the air soaking the blondes jeans and shirt.

"Who...what are you doing here? Barry asked, clearly shaken.

"I'm sorry I just need to hide here ok?"

"No, the cops are here...everyone needs to leave. C'mon..."

"Please, no, I can't... my ex... I think he's after me," the young blonde started to sob.

A quick look into her eyes told Barry she was scared and probably telling the truth. Barry needed to act quickly.  

Nancy was glad to be isolated in Barry's room. The chaos of the party had bothered her. Nancy barely noticed the peculiar sweet smell that was invisibly permeating the small room from the beer bottle on the dresser. She was glad that the bedroom was several degrees cooler than the living room. Still she wanted to get out of her clothing into something cooler and more comfortable. She decided on a football jersey hanging in Barry's closet. As she removed her shirt and jeans, she caught her reflection in the full length closet door mirror. She stood in front of the mirror in only her yellow panties. Her hair looked much redder in the soft light of the tiny bedroom. Lately she had been growing more used to her red hair. There was something she liked about her natural hair color. It was different. She felt unique. She ran her fingers through her shoulder length locks and examined her frame. Deep down Nancy knew she had a body that most women would die for.  She was often unfairly critical of her figure. In the past, she always seemed to find a way to tear herself down. Tonight, as she studied her reflection, she liked what she saw. Seductive green eyes and full lips smiled as she rubbed a finger over her breasts and sensitive taut nipples.  She smiled when she realized she was being aroused by her own curves.  Her hand slid down her stomach. Fingers stretched the elastic waistband of her panties. Just as her hand had reached its moist target, Nancy heard a rattle of the padlock on the door. She quickly pulled Barry's football jersey over her head and sat on the edge of the bed.

Barry quickly ducked his head in the bedroom. He pushed the young blonde beauty in the bedroom with Nancy. 

"She has to hide; stay here; be quiet; I'll explain later." Then he exited closing the door behind him.

A few moments of awkward silence followed. The only sound was Barry padlocking the door to the room. The two girls were locked inside the small bedroom, staring at each other. The blonde timidly introduced herself as Corinna.

Nancy's first reaction was to be pissed that another girl barge in on her and her man. Especially after a quick look revealed Corinna to be a stunning beauty. As Corinna began to explain her predicament, Nancy found herself disarmed by the attractive blonde's innocent charm. Corinna thanked Nancy for allowing her to hide from her boyfriend Terrell, who she had just broken up with. She explained how another girl had warned her that Terrell's mostly black fraternity was involved in some sort of contest to see who could film themselves having sex with white girls. Apparently a point system was created in order to keep score. The more degrading the sexual they could get the girl to do on video, the more points it would be. Corrina said she didn't believe her until an hour ago when she was standing in Terrell's frat room and saw the video camera set up, partially hidden. She could tell by his angry reaction when she confronted him, that everything the girl told her was true. Terrell followed her as she ran to this house in effort to lose him in the crowd. Nancy knew it would be best to let Corinna stay in the room with her. Terrell could be waiting outside for her.

Nancy suggested that Corrina change out of her wet, smelly clothes. She took Corinna over to Barry's closet and picked out one of Barry's dress shirts for her to wear. As Corinna undressed Nancy used Barry' full length mirror to discreetly peek at her.  Corinna was indeed stunning. Her long, thick, blonde hair flowed down to her mid back. Nancy was sure she had never seen a more perfect body. She was at least a "C" cup or possibly a "D" cup. Nancy helped balance Corinna as she removed her wet jeans. Her slender stomach and hips led down to a knock out ass. Nancy wondered if she was a "true blonde" but her crotch was unfortunately hidden by a pair of lacy white panties. 
