 Fairly standard disclaimer: All characters participating in sexual acts are over 18. This is my first story, for a public audience. Feedback is strongly encouraged, as I want to be the best writer I can. This segment is fairly lengthy (at least it felt that way while typing it) and doesn't get to any sex until the end, so please bear with me. This story is also cross-categorical, falling into Group, Lesbian, Erotic Couplings, Romance, and possibly others. There is definitely more to this story, if there's an interest.

************

"Ok, so which one of the quadruplets was it?"

"Hmm?" Despite the fact that Beth had invited herself over after hearing me on the phone, since she could tell that I needed cheering up, I had yet again drifted off into my own little world.

"I said 'Which one of the quadruplets was it?' All four of them have been hovering around you since the year started, and I've seen you watch at least two of them during the choir rehearsals every week. I know you Jeff, and I know you're to depressed for something not to have happened. So which one was it?" Beth was my best friend at university, and could practically read my mind. We had shared many interests, and lived in the same dorm, so our friendship grew very quickly. It had forayed into a romantic relationship for a while, but then she realized she was still in love with her ex- and felt that she was being unfair to me, so she broke it off, and they got back together. It took a few months, but our relationship had gotten close to where it used to be, even if I did have to deal with the presence of her now out-of-state boyfriend occasionally. 

The quadruplets, as Beth referred to them, were a group of four roommates that had joined one of our university's choirs, the one primarily made up of non-music majors. The four of them were practically tied at the waist, but I had been attracted to two of them from the moment they entered the room. I had been reluctant to do anything about it, at first, since they were all three years younger than me, and I didn't want to seem like a creepy upperclassmen shark preying on four new freshman, but I had eventually decided that my other options that year were quite slim, so I'd try with one of them, now that they'd gotten to know me. At first I couldn't decide who I was attracted to more... Miranda or Toni. Miranda had the voice of an angel, and Toni had my love for movies. Both of them fit into my "type," which is to say that both of them were very cute. I've found that I don't have one physical attribute that I'm most attracted to, but it is instead the full package, looks and personality. And if the full package added up to what I instinctively deemed "cute", I was instantly a sucker for her. Now this isn't to say that the other two members of their little foursome were unattractive, but the least attractive of the four, Tiffany, was fairly whiny, and the fourth, Melinda, who was as physically attractive as both Miranda or Toni was always somewhat cold and distant.

"Miranda," I mumbled. Beth rolled her eyes.

"You have nothing to be ashamed of, you picked a nice girl to ask out... you did ask her out, didn't you?" Beth had to actually ask that question, as I am an incredibly slow mover. My progress in romantic relationships is generally measured in Martian years. I also have an annoying habit of finding out enough about a girl from outside sources for me to fall in love, without her actually knowing I existed. But as she knew all this, I just nodded to Beth. "Well what actually happened?"

"She blinked a couple times and then said that she was really sorry but she couldn't be n a relationship right now, and that-"

"It wasn't you it was her." Beth finished with me. "Well, seems to me that it shows how foolish she is. I mean honestly who would give you up for some other guy." I stared at her flatly. "Oh, yeah. I did, too."

"While the sarcasm is always appreciated, right now, it's not particularly helpful."

"Sorry."

We sat in silence for a few moments. 

"Want to blow something up?" Beth asked me.

"Nah, while massive amounts of video game explosions normally heal all wounds, tonight I shall pass. I really think that I'm just gonna crash for now."

"Ok, well, if you need me, you know where to find me."

"I know. Thanks." Beth gave me a hug, and went back to her room. I locked my door, and climbed into to bed for the night. 

Or so I thought. ******* BRRIIINNNGG

"Dammit, it's 4 in the morning," I moaned as my cell phone rang. Yes, my cell phone ringer is just a telephone ringing. What can I say? Old habits die hard.

"Hello?"

"Jeff, this is Miranda. I need to talk to you right now. Meet me outside Quinn Hall as soon as you can."

"Ok, I'll be right there." She sounded almost panicked, and even though I had been relegated to the "Friend Zone," I still found her to be someone who I wanted in my life. It was about a 3-minute walk to her Quinn Hall, her dorm. I pulled on sweatpants, a t-shirt, and my shoes and was out the door in under 40 seconds. 

As I walked, I wondered what was wrong. As I approached her dorm from the side, I looked around for her, but didn't see anyone outside. Maybe she's waiting for me inside, I thought. I arrived at the front door and couldn't see anyone through the small glass window. As I knocked twice, I heard footsteps behind me. I turned to see Miranda standing there, eyes puffy and red, as if she had been crying.

"I'm sorry," she said softly, as the door behind me opened, and before I could turn, a black bag was pulled over my head, and handcuffs were slapped on my wrists. I really have to stop standing with my hands tucked in my back pockets, I thought, as I was tugged inside. I quickly thought about my options, and found them wanting: I could try to attack an unknown number of assailants, who had already acquired one hostage in Miranda, or I could be led like a sheep. At 6'2" and 260 pounds, I could probably handle 1-2 assailants, but I didn't want to risk them hurting Miranda. So sheep it was.

Finally a disembodied voice told me to sit, and a force on my shoulders guided me to a chair. I was surprised by the fact that the voice was feminine and oddly familiar. 

"We're gonna take the bag off of your head under the condition that you won't do anything stupid like scream or try to attack us. OK?"

"OK," I responded. The bag was pulled off, and as my eyes adjusted to the room lights I could see that I was in a dorm room, and sitting in front of me were Melinda and Toni on a bed, with Tiffany sitting on the floor, leaning against the bed. I glanced about the room and saw Miranda sitting on the floor against the door to the closet. Melinda, the no longer disembodied voice, said, "I'm sorry we had to abduct you, Jeff, but we wanted to see how you would act under pressure. And based on what we saw, we decided to continue with our plan to make you an offer. Would you like to hear it?"

Curious, I simply nodded my head.

"Miranda told us that you wanted to date her, and she confessed that she really wanted to date you. But the thing is, she needed our approval. You see, after a... situation, that occurred early this year, we realized that we needed to stick together, to protect each other. As that relationship grew so did another... more personal relationship. We realized that we didn't truly need boys to be happy, and found pleasure with each other, with the understanding that we would adapt should anyone's situation change. Well Miranda wanted to change and so we had a long discussion. We decided that before you could date her, you had to be approved by all of us, completely and totally. We also decided that we didn't want to lose her, but we did, as a group, have an interest in you as well. So here is our offer: We will admit you to a trial period. If you pass the trial, you and Miranda will have our blessing, and you won't hear anything out of us, unless we get word that you our mistreating her. Will you agree to this part of the terms?"

I glanced at Miranda. She was looking, almost hopefully, at me. "Absolutely."

The other three girls broke into large grins. Again, Melinda spoke, "Excellent. Now I will explain the trial period. For the next few weeks we will be your reverse harem. You will have access to all four of us, except we call the shots. You will have to satisfy all of us, multiple times, in various scenarios, and various numbers. Each day we will notify you, as to who is in command of you for the day, and it will be your responsibility to make sure that they give a good report for the group. At the end of the trial you will be asked to identify one major fetish that you found for each girl, so you should do your best to find them quickly during one-on-one sessions, as you won't be able to devote as much time to observing and exploring during a group situation. You will not be asked to do anything illegal, and you may walk away from any task, at any time. However, should that be the case, there will be ramifications, and likely you will lose your chances with Miranda. Do you accept?"

"I've always been a one-woman man."

"Miranda has agreed to the necessity of the exercise, and will not think any less of you for this. In fact she wants you to do well, and please all of us, so that you can be all hers if this pans out," Melinda assured me. I looked and Miranda, and she nodded once.

"Can I think about this for a sec?" The girls nodded. This was a surprisingly difficult decision for me. On the one hand, I was a good Catholic boy, raised to be monogamous, and although I masturbated fairly frequently, had fooled around a bit with my 2 previous girl-friends, and gotten so far as oral with the second, I really had almost no experience. And I was really confused why they'd want ME to participate in anything like this. I mean, I wasn't fat, but was kinda on the pudgier side, and not really all that good-looking. I had been hoping to win points with women based on personality, but this seemed to be purely physical for the other three girls. But then again, they were giving me the opportunity to get lots of experience, and a monogamous relationship afterwards. And the girls I'd get to experiment with... Tiffany was about 5'4" and slender with maybe a large A, Small B cup bust, but was easily the least attractive, as for some reason she reminded me of a rodent, and interestingly enough had mousy, brown hair. Melinda was very attractive, and the tallest of the 4, at 5'7". She was thin, but not rail thin, and had solid B-cup breasts. With an absolutely beautiful face, and her blond hair cut short-ish (almost reminiscent of the mushroom cut that soccer players tend to wear) she was definitely a head turner. But when those blue eyes were turned to their frostiest setting, well, I had seen football players flinch from her stare. Toni had long blond hair, and was the largest of the four. At 5'6", and definitely not fat, she was best described as curvaceous. She had those large, childbearing hips, and a very full ass. She had large B, maybe a small C bust. And she had a face like a porcelain doll, just absolutely smooth. And then there was Miranda. 5'2", and short brown hair cut so that it framed that gorgeous face. She was very soft, and curvy, in all the right places. Her large C-cup breasts, a slight swell to her stomach that told you she wasn't afraid to eat a few cheeseburgers, and a butt that filled out her jeans so you couldn't help but stare as she climbed the stairs in front of you. And her voice. Oh god, I thought that my ears would explode from the pureness of her tone when I first heard her sing. And she had a great sense of humor and... well I've already established that she's the one I'm after. Wow, this really is a no-brainer.

"Ok, I'm in. Can I please be uncuffed now?" The girls were all smiles, and the biggest smile of all belonged to Miranda. 

"Ok, Miranda, you can have the honors," Melinda said, tossing the key to Miranda. "Here's the deal. I want you to get a taste of what's waiting for you both from us, and as a prize for you. So you two get that bed, we'll take this one. You two watch us, and when we're done, Jeff you go home, and wait for that first e-mail with further instructions. You can make out, and pet if you want, but stop at second base, and you must continue to watch us. Understand?"

I nodded, as Miranda uncuffed me. She then slid her hands down my chest and hugged me possessively from behind. She stepped around in front of me, and pulled me to my feet leading me to the bed that Melinda had indicated. As we sat on the bed, we directed our attention to the other girls. Melinda and Toni had begun to make out, while Tiffany had disappeared into the closet. She emerged carrying a medium sized canvas bag, and set it down next to the bed. She then walked up behind Toni, and started to pull at her T-shirt. Breaking off the kiss she was engaged in, Toni allowed Tiffany to pull her shirt off, before she stood up and pushed down her pajama pants, revealing that she wasn't wearing any panties and that while not shaved, her pubic hair was neatly trimmed. As Melinda and Tiffany stripped each other, Miranda slid onto my lap, facing me, and whispered, "Thank You," into my ear. She then gave me the most passionate first kiss I'd ever had. Melinda cleared her throat. "Hey, I'll give you a break this once, but only if you do as you were told and watch the show." Miranda winked at me, stood up, turned around and sat back down on my lap. She wiggled her butt against my growing erection as we both watched the now naked trio of girls. Toni and Tiffany stood to either side of Melinda, and each had one of Melinda's nipples in her mouth. Toni was squeezing Melinda's ass with her left hand, while her right hand tugged at her own nipple. Tiffany rubbing her left hand over Melinda's pussy and clit, and sliding her right hand up and down Melinda's back.  "Ohhh, yeah Tiff," breathed Melinda, "Oh, god... just like that. Yeah, tease me you little bitch. Oh, yeah, turn me on. Make me want to give you that fucking you're gonna get here." Melinda looked at us with heavy lidded eyes and licked her lips. Miranda guided my hands up to her breasts. As I gently squeezed her breasts, I leaned forward and kissed the spot where her neck met her right shoulder. 

"Mmmmmmm," Miranda moaned as I let my thumbs strum her hardened nipples. She ground her ass into me, harder than before, making me squeeze her breasts again.

I looked back up as I heard Melinda say, "You're gonna get it now, you little tease." The canvas bag was now on the bed, and Melinda pulled out a strap-on, which she handed to Toni. As Toni stepped into it, Melinda pulled out another strap-on. Toni laid down on the bed, and as Tiffany impaled herself on Toni, Melinda pulled out a bottle of lube, which she used first on the strap-on, and then on Tiffany's asshole. Melinda grabbed Tiffany by the hair and pulled her upright, forcing her back to arch, grabbed and pinched one of Tiff's nipples, and said in a stage whisper: 

"I was going to let Toni fuck your ass tonight, but since you had to tease me, now you get me." Melinda then pushed Tiff forward. As Tiff landed flat against Toni, Melinda forced Tiff's hips down, and spread her ass cheeks. In one movement, Melinda slammed herself, to the hilt, into Tiffany's ass. I swear to God, she came right then and there. She was screaming, and convulsing, and Melinda and Toni just held still, as Tiffany's orgasmic seizure drove her up and down both strap-ons. 

I suddenly realized that somehow my hand had found its way down between Miranda's legs, and she was grinding her jeans-covered crotch against my fingers. "Oh God, oh God, oh God" she chanted, as she too came, and then curled into a ball and rested her head on my chest. 

Melinda pulled out of Tiffany, and said, "We're just going to clean up now. You can go home and get some rest. We look forward to seeing what you can do tomorrow."

I nodded, and Miranda, pulled my head down for one last kiss. Afterwards she said, "Don't worry about the trials. Based on what I've seen, you'll do fine. Goodnight."

I kissed her on the forehead, and whispered goodnight as I let myself out. As I walked home, I wondered what I had gotten myself into.