 My plan was to blindfold Sue, tie her to the bed, and bring a "stranger" into the bedroom. Sue usually enjoyed the helplessness of being tied up during sex, but I wasn't sure if she'd like the blindfold. 

I have known Sue for sometime now and she is very special to me and I would never do anything to hurt her, or that she didn't want to do. Sue does not seem to think she is all that attractive to other men, though I am constantly telling her how good looking and sexy she it. I couldn't seem to convince her that most guys would be lining up to have the chance to fuck that hot body of hers, and judging from there action from most of my friends when they're around Sue, some would be knocking down the door. The only friend I felt that I could approach, was Colin. 

I figured Colin would be a good choice too, because I has used him as a subject of our fantasies on more than one occasion, and, coupled with the fact that he thinks she's sexy as hell, it would work out to be a perfect match. When I talked to Colin early that week, it took some beating around the bush before I came out and told him what I really wanted him to do. He was more than game, though nervous about his presence being a surprise to Sue. I guess desperation overcame any reservation he might have had, because his only question was "where and what time?" 

That Friday night, Sue and I started warming up for our evening at home. As soon as the house was empty, off came her bra, along with most of her inhibitions, and she suddenly became the sexual being I love so much. 

Sue went to the bathroom and enjoyed a nice long soak in the tub, and I called Colin, making sure that everything was just right. He was to sneak into the house through the side door, which I had left unlocked, at about 8:00, and wait in the room that we had added on to the house a few years ago. 

About 30 minutes later, Sue came out of the bath wearing a very sheer bra, a very sexy silk panty set and almost black shimmering stockings that accentuated her gorgeous long legs. She looked hot. 

I begin by putting a porno tape in the VCR to warm things up. I, of course, had selected a tape that depicted threesomes involving two males and a female. Sue is always open to new experiences, that's one of the things that makes her so special. I began by caressing and licking Sue's tits, occasionally stroking her pussy with my free hand. As I increased my attention toward Sue's pussy. It was now or never. 

I pulled out the blindfold, explaining to her that I wanted her to put it on, lay back, and fantasise that she was being made love to by two men. Though hesitating at first, she finally agreed, succumbing to the heat of the moment. As she lay back, I take her hands above her head and lightly, but firmly tie them to the headboard. I worked my way down her body, licking and sucking whatever was close. Sue began to writhe about, and I knew her pussy was getting wetter and wetter. I reached for her 1 dildo, and, positioning my cock over her mouth, slowly slid the dildo into her cunt. As she sucked my cock hungrily, I began to slide the big dildo in and out, going deeper each time. "Ooooh, fuck me!," she said, almost choking on my cock as I rammed it in and out of her mouth, "fuck me with that big cock!." Sue was so horny and worked up, she must have had at least two orgasms in just a very few minutes. When she finally started to come down, I pulled out the dildo, and was surprised at the amount of juice that was dribbling out of her pussy. 

As Sue lay there, basking in the afterglow, I made up some excuse, and went to the other room to get Colin. I had him come into the next room to quietly wait for my signal. I went back into the bedroom and lay down beside Sue, and began to stroke and caress her body again. I could just imagine the hard on Colin must have already, just seeing Sue in this vulnerable, yet sexy position. 

I rechecked the blindfold, and, just as before, began by kissing Sue lustily, working my way down to her cunt. As I moved back up her body, I motioned for Colin to quietly enter the room. I inserted the dildo into Sue's cunt, and asked her who she would be fucking while she sucked my cock. To both mine and Colin's surprise, she said that she would like to have Colin's cock in her pussy. If she only knew! 

As she suck my cock and fucked the dildo, I grabbed her legs and pulled them to me, caressing and licking her feet and toes, and allowing room for Colin to get into position for the change. Sue was starting to really get worked up, thrusting her pussy toward the dildo as much as she could manage, with her legs pulled back. She loves to get fuck in this position, as it allows her take my cock deeper into her pussy. On signal, I removed the dildo, and Colin moved up and inserted his cock into her sweet, wet pussy. I was all he could do to keep from moaning out loud. Sue stopped her thrusting for a split second, long enough to realise that this was a real cock in place of the fake one. Apparently, her lust overcame her inhibitions, because she began to fuck Colin and suck me with a renewed vigour. 

As soon as I released her legs, Colin leaned forward, and Sue wrapped her legs around him, pulling him deeper into her pussy. She began to meet his every thrust with an intensity that I had never witnessed before. Seeing her fuck Colin like this was more that I could handle, so I began to fill her waiting mouth with jets of cum. After she licked my cock clean, I pulled away so I could watch. I undid the ties!

She immediately pulled the blindfold away, and didn't seem a bit surprised that it was Colin that she was fucking. The visual aspect of their lovemaking was apparently more that she could take, as she began to cum. "Fuck me deep and hard" she said, as she pounded her hips upward. "Ooooooh, fuck my pussy hard, Colin!," she screamed. I could hear the smacking sound they made, as his cock pistoned in and out of her juicy tight cunt. 

Following Sue's orgasm, Colin groaned loudly, as he filled her cunt with his cum. He seemed to go on forever. Colin rolled off Sue and lay down beside her to gather his senses, but she was not yet through. 

"Come here," she said, with a devilish grin on her face. As I came to her, she pushed me down to the blanket and crawled up on me, straddling my face. "This is what this little trick is going to cost you," she said. She slid forward and plopped her dripping pussy right on my mouth, and said "lick my pussy, I want you to lick it clean." I must admit, I was hesitant at first, but if this would turn her on, I was more than willing. His cum tasted salty, yet kind of sweet as well, so I did as I as told, licking and sucking every part of her pussy that my tongue would reach. 

She then motioned for Colin to stand before her so she could suck his cock. As Sue engulfed his cock in her sweet mouth, she began to grind her pussy on my mouth and chin. As she slid her lips down his shaft and began to lick his balls, Colin began to moan quietly. 

No sooner than 5 minutes later, she was cumming once again, covering my mouth and face with her pussy juice. Her increased ministrations to Colin's cock soon had him cumming as well, filling her mouth up with his seed. Sue, who is not being a bit shy about swallowing, lick and slurped greedily as his cock erupted, savouring every drop. 

We fucked again and again, trying various positions in order to satisfy all our desires. Colin finally left around midnight, so Sue and I lay together, cuddling and kissing until fatigue took it's toll and we fell asleep.