 Part 1: Stranded in a Strange Town

Please leave feedback in the comments. Let me know if you want Part 2, I won't bother writing it if you guys aren't into it. Hope you enjoy.

The rain was bitingly cold on my already flushed skin, but I powered against the wind and slushy streets. I was so fucking angry.

My moron of a boyfriend- or rather, I should be referring to him as ex-boyfriend by now- promised he'd take me on a romantic weekend getaway to the slopes for an "unforgettable" time together. He told me to have my ski gear ready for the trip of a lifetime. I was told to prepare myself for 100% of his devotion, 100% of his attention, and 100% of his dick.

More importantly, I was told to quit masturbating for a week so that we could spend down time not skiing the slopes, down on eachother.

If we're being honest, that last part is what has me fuming. The holidays were nearing, taking my regular 9-5 and turning it into a 9-9. With both of our executive positions taking over our lives, Daniel and I barely fucked already. I was so stressed with work this month that by the time I'd gotten home, ate, showered, and caught up with Shameless, I wanted nothing more than just to crawl into bed and fuck myself with my rabbit before drifting off into sleep until my KISS alarm woke me up.

What? I still like KISS.

Anyways, what dear Daniel didn't remember is that this happened to be the weekend that he promised his side bitch the same thing.

Imagine my face when we walked into his parent's rental cabin, energy bright and sparkling with pure love, the same way the stars shone over their mountainous peaks. I'm leaned against the doorway, he's hovered above me, lips aimed unto mine... And then I hear, "Daniel?" from the hallway.

Confusion hit me first, then anger, slowly simmering inside me, reaching a boiling point, starting at my toes and shooting up the top of my head. She was a blonde, of course- just his type. The way she pronounced the "D" in "Daniel" rolled off her tongue like a "Th", telling me she wa exotic and foreign and goddamnit wouldn't have I fucked her, buried my face in her fake tits and stared jealously at her eyebrows.

"Who the fuck is this?" I hissed at once. You should've seen the stupid, goofy look he had on his face. He looked terrified. He didn't know what to say. He turned his head to me, then back at her, then back at me, then back at her, then back at me, again. At that fifth time, I promptly slapped him in the face, grabbed the car keys out of his hand, and, dragging my one bag of luggage, I furiously stomped through the snow, over to his parked Jeep. He ran after me of course, begging me to stop and to hear him out while the playmate shouted helplessly in the background. I threw my bag in the back and climbed the Jeep, turning the car on and putting it in reverse so quickly, I almost hit him in the process.

About an hour and 45 minutes to my drive, I was able to think clearly again. I pulled over to the side of the road and checked my face out- I was a complete mess, of course. My nose was glowing red, tear trails lingering like a race track, my hair was matted, sticking up at all odds and ends, my clothing sopping wet... I was uncomfortable, miserable and heartbroken.

After I'd collected myself, I took off again, getting lost shortly thereafter as my GPS sent me into the wrong exit. I drove around fruitlessly, stopping at a red light on a 4-way intersection, trying to get my phone to work again.

"Stupid thing!" I said angrily, hitting it with my gloved hand.

And that's when the car cut off.

Never in my life had I'd experienced a car cutting off. Not even that one time I joined in on that Winnebago trip to California, which ended up completely miscalculated, leaving us with an almost empty tank until we thankfully found a stop in random Hicksville, where we had the opportunity to re-up for the remainder of the trip.

"Okay, let's think of the bright side of all of this," I told myself, wanting to laugh and cry through my hysterics. The good news was I wasn't on the highway. I was stopped at a red light in what seemed like a decent sized town, that were lit brightly. The streets were empty, but the town was alive. Though there was no one around, I did what any rational ex-girlfriend who just came face to face with her ex-boyfriend's side piece would do.

Dead in the middle of the street, the stop light turned green, signaling it was time to go.

"Time to go it is," I agreed, unbuckling my seat belt. I pulled my luggage out the back and my way on foot, leaving the car stranded.

At first, I figured my discomfort couldn't be matched, so I didn't mind the mix of slush and rain hitting me lightly, especially not with my thick, fluffy jacket covering every inch of my upper body, and my hood warming up my face.

10 minutes into my walk, however, and I couldn't take it anymore. It was freezing cold, and I had no idea where I was going. All I could see were apartment buildings and community homes, but not a single walking soul in sight, not even a taxi. I pulled out my phone, trying my luck at calling a driver, but my service was still shot.

"Eenie meenie miney mo," I whispered, pointing at my left andmy right. The right side won, so I turned down Walnut Street, hoping it was the right decision to make.

A few minutes later, I could make out an underground pub greeting me with it's bright welcome sign. Gratefully, I crossed the street and made my way over, pausing at the door. The spot looked grimy and grungy, somewhere you'd meet up to play illegal games and smoke cigars. However, I'd just found out I'd been getting cheated on, so you can imagine how little I really gave a shit.

I must've looked like something, because when I opened the door, I was greeted with about a dozen surprised faces, and one very confused bartender.

No one said a word as I awkwardly rolled my luggage over to the bar stool. I took off my wet, heavy coat and placed it on an empty chair to dry. I reached into my wallet and threw down a $50 bill and said, "Five Tequila shots."

I took a look around the bar. A few people were still looking my direction, while others had taken their attention elsewhere; Poker, Pool, and what appeared to be a 2-man Pong game.

The bartender lined up my drinks and handed me a small plate with a couple of lemons. He placed them into a smiley face, and winked at me. I grabbed the salt from over the counter counter and licked my already damp palm, coating it with sodium. I lifted the glass to the air and gave him a "Cheers," taking down my first shot of alcohol with ease, the salt and the lemon citrus taste bouncing off my tongue.

The second shot went down just as easy. It wouldn't be long before I was feeling better over the whole situation. I might even fuck someone else tonight, just to get even. I hadn't had another dick since college, it would be fun to experiment. I took another look around the bar to scan for any possible cuties around, but 50-year old overweight bikers with unkempt beards really weren't my thing. I realized I should probably change my clothes, so I dug through my luggage for a complete outfit change and a towel. I took another shot down, leaving the other two on the counter.

I went into the small "Womens" bathroom, and washed my face in the sink. I tried not to think of the entire sittion I had just started taking off my shirt and bra, when the bathroom door swung open, and I stood breasts peeking out of my cups, eye-to-eye with a woman about my age who just walked in.

"Oh, sorry about that," she said, sending a shiver down my spine... She didn't sound sorry at all. Her voice was coarse and low, and her eyes remained focused on my breasts. A cold gust of wind blew into the bathroom, and my nipples hardened under the cool rush.

"Let me just get out of your way," she said to my tits, still staring at them. If I hadn't just gone through the worst night of my life, I might've cared. Instead, her stare stirred something inside me. I found myself shivering with desire.

"No problem," I said as she closed the door. I patted myself dry and threw on some new clothes. I checked myself in the mirror one last time. My hair was damp and my eyes bloodshot, but other than that, I looked decent.

I left the bathroom as the woman waiting was leaned up against the wall, eyeing me up and down.

"You look like you could use a joint," she said with a smirk on her face.

"I do," I sighed, and made my way over to the bar. After a few minutes, she took a seat next to me. I offered her one of my remaining shots subconsciously, lost in my thoughts.

"To happiness," she said, studying me.

"To happiness," I agreed, as we clinked glasses and took them down. I was four drinks in, so naturally, I recalled the whole, harrowing story to her. Three years of a relationship. Planning on moving in together. Talk about marriage. Picking out our children's names. Work. Hadn't been fucked properly in months. Gaining 5 pounds since the holidays last year, resulting in not being able to fit in those high school jeans I keep in the back of my closet. She understood it all. She pat me on the back and let me cry, listening to everything with intense care.

"I'm so rude," I sniffed, "Please- tell me about you."

She introduced herself as Clarissa. She was an accountant, she lived with her boyfriend, Adam. She was very beautiful, confident and sexy. She made me laugh. She made me feel better. She had long, wavy red hair, green eyes framed with thick lashes, and full, red lips that extended into one of the most honest, dimpled-smiles I'd ever seen.

"What're you doing the rest of the night, anyway?" She asked, suddenly.

"A lot of this," I grimaced at the empty shot glasses, "Is there a hotel with a bar nearby?"

"Oh, you don't need a hotel," she said, "You can stay with Adam and me. We have a spot uptown with a guest room."

"Are you sure?" I said, "I don't want to impose. I'll pay you for staying the night. I'll be out of your hair first thing in the morning."

She laughed, waving her hands from side to side, "Please, don't be ridiculous. I can't leave you like this. Trust me girl, I've had my share fair of bar pick-me-ups in college."

At that, we both laughed, and I collected my things, ordering us one more round.

"So how about that joint?" asked Clarissa after finishing our drinks.

"Sounds... Good to me!" I slurred. She ordered us a taxi, and we climbed into the back seat, bonding over college stories, giggling and touching one another, playing with eachother's hair and holding hands.

"You smell so good," said Clarissa, resting her head on my shoulder. I could feel her breath on my neck, sending shivers down my spine. I don't know if it was the alcohol or the rebound, but I wanted nothing more than to kiss her right then and there.

The driver pulled up to an apartment building, and I followed into the lobby, up the elevator to the fifth floor.

Her apartment was spacious, comfortable, warm. Books littered the coffee table and the the kitchen sink methodically dripped water. The windows overlooked the whole town, lights twinkling against the starry night sky. I put one hand on the window sill and leaned out to get a better look, enjoying the view.

"It's not much," Clarissa said, opening up a bottle of wine, "But it's good for us. Would you like a drink?"

"I'm so drunk," I laughed, setting myself on their couch, "And your house is beautiful."

"Live a little," she smiled, pouring me a glass. She brought out a jar of weed and started rolling the grass into paper. She tucked the bud into the edges, licking the joint, eyes never leaving mine. I broke contact and watched her tongue do work. She licked the joint a few more times, twisting the top, creating a perfect cone. She lit the joint, taking a few hits, then taking a sip of wine. The wine stained her lips, making them look fuller. She took another hit into her mouth, sucking the smoke up her nose. She passed me the joint and lifted the filter to my lips. I inhaled as she did, and she pressed her lips to mine lightly, taking in the smoke from my mouth. Her breasts swelled, her legs brushed against mine, and though we were both wearing long pants, I could feel electricity shoot up from my knee to my pussy, filling me with excitement.

"You smell like coconut," she whispered, stroking my knee with her fingertips. Her

fingers trailed over my thighs, and lightly touched the middle of my legs, softly brushing my pussy. The fabric caused pleasure to crawl up my body. I was becoming more aroused by the second, feeling myself getting wetter. We were suddenly making out, and I didn't have a moment to think about the next step. I'd spent so many years with Daniel I didn't have a chance to explore women, something I'd always wanted to try out. Her lips soft, plump and full welcomed her wet tongue onto mine, and my panties pooled with wetness.

We started to slowly undress each other. First, she took off my shirt, kissing my breasts outside my bra. I returned the favor, delighted at the site of her boobs springing out of her. I kissed down her neck, licking and lightly sucking her right above her nipples, and, unable to help myself, I slipped my tongue into her cup, twirling it around her hardened peaks. She moaned at my tongue's touch, and pushed her tits outwards. I unhooked her bra, revealing her sweet, perky breasts, which now hung free. I teased her nipples by flicking them back and forth with my tongue, sucking on them slightly with my lips, grazing them with my teeth. She wrapped her fingers in my hair, taking a hold of my head and leading me down her stomach. I licked her everywhere, eager to get her pants off and taste her pussy.

I unbuttoned her jeans and helped slide them down. She was in nothing but a little blue thong that dug deep into her ass crack and fat pussy lips, barely covering her inner pink tissue. I licked my lips at the site of her juices, doing what I felt natural. First, I kissed the outside of her thong, licking her clit outside the fabric, holding onto her ass and soft thighs as she trembled underneath my fingers. She moaned lightly as I moved over to her lips, getting them wet with my mouth and lapping my wet tongue onto her exposed skin. She kept moving my head over to her middle, inching me over to her clit, but I kept at my tempo, letting myself focus on her sides, tickling her top, teasing her inner thighs with my tongue.

Finally, I decided she had enough, so I moved her panties to the side and let myself taste her fully, tongue exploring her hole, moving with the rhythm of her moans. Softly, I licked her clit, becoming more forceful as she started moaning louder, squirming underneath me, squirting her sweet juices all over my face. I slipped one finger inside her, curling it upwards as if I was drawing her closer to me, and she shook, pushing my face further into her, whimpering, "Oh, fuck yes!" over and over, as she exploded, pussy juices coating me, slipping underneath my tongue as I licked her clean between her legs.

She came down, but still looked up at me with desire coating her eyes. I took off my pants and panties and mounted her, letting my warm clit rest on hers, pressing us up against each other. I'd read numerous places that scissoring wasn't a real thing and that it didn't work, but the pleasure radiating within me said otherwise. We matched eachothers movements and moved faster and faster, pressing our skin and wetness together, until she and I found a similar place and reached orgasm together, exploding with her underneath me, moans echoing throughout the room.

She was hungry, as was I. Although the orgasm felt amazing, I didn't feel satisfied in my drunken state. The beautiful red-head underneath me seemed to sense my eagerness, because the dimpled after-sex smile on her face disappeared and was replaced with a stern look of control.

She kissed me on my neck and grabbed a fistful of my hair with her right palm.

"Do you like when I pull your hair?" She asked, looking down at me. I nodded, strands on my head lightly tugging on my scalp.

"Do you like when I play with your pussy like this?" She asked, rubbing my clit with her thumb in circles. Again, I nodded.

She unfolded above me, lowering her head down to my mid section, licking my belly button in circles and dragging her tongue on my clit.

"Do you like when I eat your pussy like this?" She asked, kissing my lips softly.

"God, yes," I moaned.

"You want to come?" She asked me, tasting me and my body.

"Yes."

"Beg," She said, eyes dark and heavy with domination.

I paused, a shot of pleasure rushing down my body. "Please," I whimpered.

"Please what?" She asked, licking me from my ass crack up my pussy.

"Please let me cum."

"Say it louder," she said, voice muffled with her focus on my clit.

"God- please let me cum!"

And she did. Again, I exploded, this time with myself riding my orgasm with her mouth, my moans bouncing off the walls of her apartment living room.

For a moment, we both said nothing. She laid her beautiful head on my stomach, resting her eyes, and I closed mine, relaxing to her soft snores.

A little bit later, I was awoken by the sound of the door handle turning. Adam walked into the apartment. He didn't notice us at first as he hung up his coat, but when he turned to take off his shoes, he paused, staring at the two naked women intertwined on his living room couch. For a moment, he said nothing, then a smirk overtook his face, as he undid the top of his shirt, laying it neatly on a chair. He took off his belt and his pants, placing them above shirt.

"Well, well, well... What do we have here?"

Clarissa stirred awake, looking up at her man like a little girl. Excitedly, she sprung awake and got down on her knees, crawling over to his hard cock, outlined on his boxers.

"This is Baby, our playmate," she told him, "She's staying with us for the night."

She slipped off Adam's boxers and Adam pushed her head to his cock, "Give Baby a proper welcome," He told Clarissa, as she sucked her man's dick. Clarissa licked him, and with a pre-cum coated mouth, she was ordered to give me a sloppy, wet kiss, and her lips touching mine, she whispered, "Welcome, Baby."

To be continued...