 Seth is a single business consultant in his late 30's. He stands slightly over 6ft, brown hair, blue eyes and is in very good shape, working out to stay that way. He was sitting at his desk, trying do his work, but bored and couldn't seem to get into it. His mind couldn't keep straying to thoughts of the sex games that he had been playing with his latest lover. She was several years younger than he was, much shorter, being only 5'4", had blonde hair, blue eyes, a nice figure with breasts he had only dreamed about until he met her. She also loved sex games as much or more than he did, and other than her being married, they had a lot in common. 

The phone rang and his secretary tells him it is a woman that won't give her name. He smiles and says that he will take it anyway.

"Don't want to give your name, darlin? " He says without a hello, knowing already who it is and smiling.

"Hi sexy! " I say very softly on the phone. " I have a small problem here and I think you are the only one that can help me. " I am almost whispering, but very seductive too.

"Okay, tell me about it. " He says and I can hear him take a deep breath as his curiosity is aroused.

"I am at a friends house and well, she says unless I get you to come over here, she is going to have a nice long talk to my husband about us. Seems she saw us together and really likes you and wants you to come over and play with us. " 

"What? " He asks and I hear the shock, yet excitement in his voice.

"After I explained what was going on because of her accusations, she wants you to come over here, and get this, she wants to watch us. I think she really is just very turned on by you and by what we have been doing. " I say softly, then giggle.

"Where are you? " He asks immediately, his attention more than obviously aroused.

I let him know and within a short time he is knocking on the door. Diane answers it, and she is a tall, very attractive brunette also with very large breasts. She is wearing a black robe and smiles very seductively at him.

"Hi Seth, you look even better close up. " Diane says and surprises him by grabbing his hand and pulling him in the door. Before he even has time to think, her arms are around his neck pulling him to her, her lips are immediately on his, her tongue pressing inside his mouth, and as much as he might not have wanted such a sudden attack by this woman, he can't help but feel the tightening in his pants. 

He is actually surprised by Diane's strength as she holds him to her, and he can't help but respond to her kiss. His eyes are open and now after the initial shock, he glances around while she is still kissing him.

He finally sees that I am leaning against the entryway into the living room, my arms crossed slightly above my ample breasts. Much shorter than Diane and wearing much more than she is as I am totally dressed wearing a yellow tank top, with a bra on underneath, but it is obviously very sheer as the tips of my nipples show through the shirt. I have on a white skirt, that is tight and very short and I am wearing sheer hose that he can see where the tops of the thigh highs end as one leg is bent and resting on top of the other leg. I have on very high white heels. I am smiling wickedly at him watching him kiss Diane.

Noticing my smile, he wraps his arms around Diane very tightly, taking charge now and kissing her with a growing intensity. Her eyes are wider, and she can barely breathe now after his savage like kiss. He looks at me with a smile and an expression on his face that says, " I can play this game too, darlin! "

"Meet Diane, Seth. " I say with a teasing voice. 

"Nice to meet you Diane. " He says, but his eyes are focused on me now. I do not move, my eyes still looking directly at his, as I smile still wickedly. He walks up to me and leans down softly breathing in my ear as he whispers to me.

"Are we being naughty, darlin? " He then very softly runs his finger from my ear, across my cheek, down my chin. " Put your arms down, darlin. " He whispers again in my ear, but enough where Diane hears him. I am looking at Diane, and I can tell she is already becoming excited by his actions. He slowly runs his finger down my shirt, and across each nipple, taking his thumb and finger and pinching each one lightly until they are noticeably hard through my shirt. I moan at his touch.

"Damn. " Diane whispers, now moving past us so that she can sit in the living room and watch, being able to get a much better view from there. Her robe falling slightly open as she sits, showing her bare legs and the tops of her thighs.

He is breathing softly near my ear, nibbling my earlobe, then kissing my neck as his fingers now move down my shirt, slowly over my skirt on my leg until he reaches the hem of my skirt. His one hand goes to the back of my head, his fingers in my hair and presses me hard to his lips, his tongue pushing inside my mouth, ravaging it. The fingers of his other hand sliding under the hem of my skirt, pushing my legs apart slightly and then rubs my panties feeling the moisture that is there.

"Oh darlin, you are being naughty! " He whispers, breaking the kiss. He continues rubbing ever so slowly, and looks at Diane. " Take off your robe, Diane. I want to see you naked if you are going to watch. "

Diane is startled by his demanding tone, yet without hesitation, unties her robe and opens it exposing her naked breasts and revealing the black panties she has on. He tells her to stand up and take the robe off completely which she does. He continues to look at Diane, but his hand now slides beneath my panties, his fingers caressing the outer folds of my pussy. At the feel of his fingers, my head leans back against the wall but turning towards Diane, the excitement building up inside of me.

"Take your panties off Diane, slowly. " He says and as his hands continue to press further against my swollen lips, he leans himself against me and I feel the bulge in his pants pressing at my side. Diane slowly slips her panties off, exposing her clean shaven pussy, and her nipples are very erect. He tells her to sit back down, lean against the back of the chair and spread her legs some so that he can see more of her. 

"I don't know about this. " Diane continues to stand beginning to protest, her eyes wide, but her heavy breathing giving her away. He looks away from her and a devilish grin comes across his face when he looks at me. He withdraws his fingers from me and brings one to his lips, licking it as he continues to gaze at me. He then puts another wet finger to my lips and presses it in, as I lick my juices from his finger. Diane moans softly, redirecting his attention and her hand is now rubbing against her pussy.

"Blackmail is not a nice game, Diane. So if you want to continue to watch, quit touching yourself, sit down, lean back and spread your legs so that I can see you. " He tells her in a seductive, yet demanding tone. Diane finally takes a deep breath, and does as she is told. " Put your hands on the arms of the chair and do not move them. " He tells her. My body is reacting to the way he speaks to her and I can feel myself getting wetter by the moment with anticipation.

"Darlin, take off your top for me. " He says putting some space between us as he now is smiling wickedly at me. Taking my hands and grabbing the bottom of my tank top, I pull it up over my head. As my hands go above my head, he grabs them holding them there and his lips are hard against mine, his other hand grabbing at my breast, squeezing. His lips and tongue then lick there way down my chin and to the center between my breasts.

"Seth, you are driving me crazy! " I moan, my body craving him now, alive with his every touch.

"Patience darlin. Remember you are being blackmailed. " He chuckles, his hand now squeezing the other nipple and I can feel both my nipples hardening and becoming more than apparent through the bra. He takes his thumb brushes it against the material of the bra and again I moan from the feel. He lets go of my hands and takes the top from me, tossing it aside and lets my hands drop to my sides.

"Diane do you want her to take off her skirt? " He asks now looking at Diane while both his hands continues to pinch my nipples. 

"Yes." Diane finally whispers, her fingers clawing at the arms of the chair, her chest going up and down as her breath is rapid.

"Darlin, you heard her. Take off your skirt. " He says, again moving away to give me room. My fingers go to the zipper at the back of my skirt and I pull it down. Then they go to my sides and I slowly push the skirt down. He stoops down and helps me to step out of it. As he takes it from me, his face presses against my panties and I feel his mouth clutching pushing my panties hard against my pussy and I am not sure how much longer I can take this. 

"Mmmmmm! I hadn't realized how much you enjoyed being blackmailed, darlin." He murmurs. He looks up at me, smiling, knowing exactly what this is doing to me. He then stands up and moves away from me and goes to stand behind Diane's chair. He leans over her, cupping her breasts with his hands. She moans loudly as his fingers circle her nipples and pinch them until they are extremely hard. " Spread your legs more Diane, open them wide. "

"Oh God! " Diane moans, obviously as turned on by all of this as I am. 

"Darlin come over here and tell me if Diane is wet. " He says looking at me, his grin daring me. I hesitate at first, then smile boldly and go to stand between Diane's legs and with one finger, I slowly and softly run it once up and down her shaven lips.

"Oh my God! " Diane again moans trying to push her pussy against my hand as I take it away.

"She is very wet Seth. " I say, watching as he continues to pinch and tease Diane's nipples, then he cups her breasts squeezing them again returning to pinch and pull at each nipple. Her head is back against the chair, her eyes closed and her hands go to move between her legs as she is besides herself. He quickly stops her hands pulling them up behind her.

"Diane, I said no touching. " His tone somewhat harsh, but grins up at me. " Darlin, take off your bra so Diane can see just how hard your nipples are. "

A shiver runs through my body at his words and watching the scene unfold before my eyes. I look at him and his grin again tells me that he is teasing me terribly and he knows this. I reach behind me and unclasp my bra and remove it, tossing it to the side. My nipples are hard, my pussy is wet and my desire is abundant.

"Nice aren't they Diane? They taste good too. " He takes Diane's hands now and helps pulls her to her feet, walking her in front of me. Diane needs no urging as her mouth hungrily sucks at my nipple and then sucks at the other one. I feel her mouth, lips and tongue teasing my nipples and I can't help but moan at the sensations this all is creating in me. 

With his hand holding her arms behind her, he presses his other hand between her legs and she immediately arches, moaning and moving from my nipples. He stops and slaps her ass only enough to sting.

"I do believe Diane is enjoying this way too much. You're right she's very wet darlin! " 

"She needs to take off your pants, Seth. " I grin at him.

"Damn, I thought you would never tell her that! " He says letting go of Diane's hands and standing behind me. His breath is at the back of my neck and I can see that he is taking off his shirt. I feel his hands on my breasts as he pulls me back to lean against his bare chest. He is squeezing my breasts harder, his lips on my neck and I feel his teeth nibbling there and at my shoulders. He moves without taking his hands from my breasts giving Diane enough room to stoop down and she quickly has him out of his pants. 

Before he has time to tell her, Diane's mouth is on his rock hard cock, sucking, her head bobbing up and down. He moans pressing his cock deeper down her throat, and I turn around wrapping my arms around him. I kiss him hard on the mouth, pushing my tongue inside to taste him, sucking hard on his tongue. His arms go around me, pressing my breasts against him while Diane continues to suck him while also using her hands to cup and stroke his balls. He grasps tightly at me, his body jerks, shooting his cum deep into Diane's mouth as she swallows trying to get it all.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh Yeeeeeeeeeessssssssss! " He moans loudly now. Diane continues to lick and clean him up as I hold him crushed against me, letting him calm. 

He begins kissing my neck while one hand caresses my shoulder, slowly his other one moves down my back. I feel him caressing my ass through the panties and I know I am reaching my edge. 

"Seth, enough. I can't take this! " I moan softly.

"Patience darlin. " He whispers in my ear. " Diane needs to see more of your body, don't you Diane?" He turns me to where my back is to him now. I feel his tongue licking down from my ear, my shoulder, and down the center of my back. A shiver runs through my body, and another one when I feel his thumbs slide into the sides of my panties and slowly pulls them down to my knees. 

"Bend over the darlin and put your hands on the arms of the chair. " He says pressing against my back and I lean over doing as he says. He kneels down, kissing the middle of my back, then kissing and licking the cheeks of my ass and another shiver goes through my body. He finishes taking of my panties and soon I feel his hands spreading my legs and my cheeks. I feel his tongue run down the crack of my ass, to my now very wet and juicy pussy. He licks and sucks at my clit, and I feel his fingers thrust inside me quickly several times, each deeper than the first.

"Ohhhhh yessssss! " I cry out, my orgasm immediate. I push against his fingers and his tongue as he continues, sucking at my clit, licking and lapping up my juices that continue as each spasm hits me harder than the first. His arms then around my hips holding me, until he finally stops and I start to relax. 

"Oh God Yes!!!!!!!" Diane cries out and out of the corner of my eye, I see Diane sitting now, her hand rubbing against her pussy as she climaxes and watches us. 

"Naughty Diane! This wont do. " He says and after telling me to sit in the chair, he takes the terry cloth belt from Diane's robe and puts her hands behind her back tying them with it.

"Damn Seth, I need you to at least fuck me! " Diane groans.

"I thought you wanted to watch. You are not a very good blackmailer Diane. What do you think, darlin? " He asks as he helps Diane to her knees.

"No she is not, Seth. " I grin at him.

"Darlin, lay back on that chair and spread your legs wide over the arms off the chair. " He grins at me, another daring look. " You do want her to learn her lesson, now don't you darlin? "

"Well, uh, " I say slowly at first, I can feel a heat in my cheeks at his suggestion. I smile daring him now, and lean back in the chair spreading my legs wide. 

"Diane I want you to lean over and lick her pussy. Make her cum and if you do, then I'll fuck you." His tone is seductive, but demanding as he presses her to lean forward, holding the belt that has her hands bound.

"What! " Diane cries out, obviously having never done this before. I grin at the devilish look on Seth's face, my hand now rubbing my pussy with anticipation.

"You know you want to, Diane. " Seth says and presses her further. Without longer hesitation, I feel Diane's tongue slowly start to lick up and down the outer folds of my pussy. Seth watches and then slaps Diane's ass, stinging.

"Got to do better than that Diane." He says, slapping her again several more times, just enough to sting. Diane then begins sucking and licking now at my hardened clit, and I could almost swear she has done this before. I then feel her tongue pushing inside me and I moan arching myself towards her.

"Oh yes, good Diane. " He says and spreads Diane's legs and begins rubbing his growing erection between the cheeks of her ass and her pussy. She presses towards him, moaning, taking her mouth from me for a second and he slaps her again.

"Don't stop now Diane. " I groan, feeling very close to the edge. Her mouth again is upon me, and her tongue is driving deep into me and then she is sucking at my clit and I know I am about to climax again any second.

"Yes cum for us darlin. " He says as he positions himself at Diane's entry and she lets out a loud moan when he enters her quickly. Watching him as he begins to fuck her, driving hard and fast into her, and with her sucking hard at my clit, my orgasm is powerful. My body convulses, my legs clenching her head tightly keeping her mouth on me, and my hands are squeezing my nipples as I am overwhelmed with each wave going through my body.

"Oh yesssssssss darlin!!!!!! Yesssssssss!!!!!! " He groans, thrusting hard and deep into Diane, the slapping sounds loud as their bodies pound together. 

"Yesssssssssss!! " Diane screams out as I release her from between my legs. I watch them thrust hard against each other as they both cum.

Seth unties Diane and we all sit back and catch are breath. Then Seth pulls me up out of the chair and kisses me long and hard, pressing me to him.

"Let's get dressed and out of here, darlin. " He says already starting to put his clothes on.

"But you two didn't fuck. " Diane says, obviously disappointed.

"True. " I say, unsure as what is going on in is head. He tosses my clothes, grinning devilishly again.

"Well, darlin, since that was the pay off and I don't give into blackmail, I guess Diane is just going to have to try some other way to get us back over here. Of course if Diane does tell anything she sure has a lot more to tell now, doesn't she? Although I do think she rather enjoyed it, don't you, darlin? " Seth chuckled and after we finished getting dressed, put his arm around me and kissed me again.

"Damn you two! " Diane said, more out of frustration than anger.

"Bye Diane. " I said as we walked out arm in arm. When we got to the car I looked at Seth with a naughty smile. " And where are my panties, sir? "

"In my pocket darlin. We're not finished. " He chuckled.