 It started with an innocent trip to the mall. I use the term "innocent" loosely since I happened to be carrying my strap-on dildo in my purse with me. You might be asking yourself why a respectable woman like myself would be carrying a plastic cock with a harness in her purse in a place like the mall. I get it. If I wasn't me, I would probably think I was insane. Except, I'm not. I was just born this way.

It started with what my mother had called, "penis envy." I googled it on the internet and found out that it described me quite nicely. I did wish that I had a dick and I had always assumed it would just grow in one day because I wished it to be so. It wasn't until I was much older that I discovered that it was never going to happen. I couldn't tell anyone about my disappointment because I had never had the courage to tell anyone how I felt. My mother and grandmother, who I spent the most time with, would never have understood.

I bought a strap-on cock the minute I realized they existed. I had gone to a bachelorette party and one of the stops on our journey had been an adult bookstore. I had seen the aisle filled with harnesses and photos of women wearing them as if they were their actual dicks. I picked out a pink jelly cock that was 9 inches long, and thick. It seemed to fit me. I had never actually fucked anyone with the strap-on I had bought but I carried it with me as if it was actually my penis. I imagined it was and that I would be ready if the day ever came where I had a chance to use it.

I was indeed ready the day that the opportunity presented itself. I was getting a pedicure at my favorite nail salon at the mall, Nailing It. I already knew what color I wanted on my nails and toes, too. I loved a dark, garnet red with a glossy finish and the last time I had gone to Nailing It, I had gotten that color and I was returning just to get it again. It had made me feel sexy, something that was hard to come by most days for someone like me.

I fondled the plastic cock from the outside of my purse as I sat down in the pedicure chair. I was told to pick a color and handed a card that had a swatch of each color.

"Garnet red," I told the technician.

"Yes, Miss," the technician bowed his head in what I assumed was a sign of greeting, or maybe respect. They spoke to one another in Vietnamese and I had no idea what they were saying but in my mind, I was afraid that they saw through me and were talking about me. I imagined them:

"She's got a cock in her purse!" I imagined the manager saying.

"What a pervert!" the technician said, in horror.

"It looks big," the manager said in my mind.

"I wonder if she uses it on herself or other people," I imagined the technician replying.

"Lady? Lady? Miss?" I looked up. The technician was trying to get my attention in real life.

"He ask you if you want nail cut down?" the manager tried to help me understand.

"Oh! Oh! Yes, a little. Thank you," I answered. I don't know why I was always afraid people could tell that I wasn't like other women. I was the kind of woman who carried her cock in her purse. I knew it wasn't normal and yet I felt a sense of comfort in knowing that my dick was only inches away from me and that I could pull it out at any moment and use it as if I were a real man. Except, I didn't want to be a man. I wanted to be who I was, but with a dick. And I wanted to use it on anyone who would let me. I touched it through the fabric of my purse and felt it's hardness.

The technician massaged my feet and I knew instinctively something was up by the way he was putting extra energy into the massage. I could feel the current of his emotion as he rubbed my feet in places I hadn't realized needed rubbing. My pussy was getting wetter and wetter as his hands massaged my feet, working them with the kind of finesse that years of giving pedicures had made possible. I moaned loudly but he didn't stop or shy away from my feet. He kept rubbing and my pussy was absolutely gushing now. I couldn't believe how good it felt to be touched on my feet. He had never been my technician before but I knew he was getting a good tip and that I would definitely be taking down his name for next time.

"Your feet pretty," the technician smiled at me and then winked. I was pretty sure he was flirting with me and my mind decided to kick in with some imaginative imagery. I pictured him bent over one of the massage chairs, his bare ass in the air. I was standing over him, using the Nailing It massage oil as lube as I pushed my strap-on cock into his tight ass. I hadn't really thought about what it would be like to peg a man before. I had thought about doing it to women and somehow that seemed to make sense, but if this nail technician wanted a piece of me, I would give it to him. I was ready to lose my virginity with my strap-on.

I gripped my strap-on dildo tightly through my purse, my pussy swollen and wet, soaking through my shorts. Now was my chance to make a move but I was paralyzed with fear. What if I made a fool of myself and got rejected? Then what? I didn't know if I could handle being rejected but I was willing to try. I needed to fuck someone with this plastic dildo and I didn't care who. It didn't matter if I made a fool of myself. No one else was in the salon except for me, the employees, and two old ladies that looked like they wouldn't notice if a helicopter landed right on top of them.

"Can we go in the back? I can show you more of my feet."

"Yes, Miss," the technician led me to the back of the salon and I giggled as I noticed the door we walked into was labeled, "Nailing It #1."

"What service you want?" he asked, pointing to a chart that listed their waxing and massage services and their prices. I chose that moment to pull my strap-on out of my purse.

"Whoa! What is that?" the technician pointed at it.

"This is mine," I put it on over my shorts and tightened the straps until I was facing him, my cock in place. He was the first person who had seen me like this and I grinned at him. "Bend over."

"No, no! I no do this!"

"Come on. I'm the customer. Go get your manager."

He screamed something in Vietnamese and suddenly, every one of the Nailing It workers were surrounding us. I stood there awkwardly with my plastic dick on display. I hadn't predicted this.

"What service do you want Miss?" the manager asked, his voice wavering.

"I want you to tell him to bend over and take this in his butt." I shrugged. I had no idea if they understood me or not but the manager looked like he understood. He said something to all of them in Vietnamese and they all gasped.

"We will choose who will help you today," the manager discussed the issue heatedly with his staff and I just held onto my plastic cock with one hand, wondering if I should just run from Nailing It and never come back. Things were beyond awkward and I was just about to do it when the technician stepped forward. "Tony will help you today."

"Drop your pants," I told Tony and the manager translated. I was a bit hesitant by this point but I figured, things had already gone this far. The rest of the staff looked on, watching in horror as I pushed my plastic dick into Tony's ass for the first time. I hadn't been sure what it was going to feel like when I finally penetrated someone with my dick for the first time but it made me feel more powerful than I had ever felt before. I fucked him slowly at first until I felt him open up. I moved more furiously, surprised at how natural this movement was for me. It was like I was made to be fucking guys in the ass. I watched as Tony grabbed his own cock, stroking it as I fucked his ass. He was enduring it for a while but I could tell when the tide turned and he began to enjoy it. I could feel all of his muscles tighten and then I knew that he was cumming.

I had made my first person cum with my plastic cock but I wasn't done. I looked at the manager and beckoned him to come to me. I adjusted myself, taking my clothes off so I was now naked, wearing only my strap-on. He did as I asked and I fucked his ass too. He seemed to like it more than Tony had and the way he screamed made the female employees giggle. They talked excitedly in Vietnamese and I imagined they were talking about how good I was fucking their fearless leader. I didn't stop until his cum was everywhere.

When I was done with him I started fucking my way through the female employees. I found that I enjoyed fucking both males and females with my strap-on cock. Tony and the manager came at me with their cocks, wanting to fuck my pussy while I was pegging the female employees in the ass. I allowed it, letting them take turns fucking me while I continued using my strap-on to make the girls cum. I came so many times, enjoying the sensations of fucking and being fucked. One of the girls even ate my pussy a bit as I pegged one of the other girls. I was having so much fun that I almost walked back out into the lobby, naked, with my strap-on in full force so I could round up those old ladies and see if they still remembered what being fucked in the ass felt like.

"You done for today?" the manager asked me and I could tell he was really hoping that I was. They were all holding their assholes, complaining that it hurt to sit down. I don't know why that turned me on so much that I had destroyed all of their asses, but it really did.

"No, I still need my nails done," I reminded him.

"Oh, yes. Yes. Okay, we take of your nail," he assured me. "But no more of this, okay?" he gestured toward my strap-on.

"Okay," I nodded. I excused myself to go to the restroom. I cleaned my cock off in the sink and carefully dried it.

"We did good today," I said to my cock. "But it's time to go back in the purse. I promise I'll find you some new holes to fuck soon, though." I popped it back into my purse.

I texted my favorite slut, Jennifer Johnson to let her know what had happened. 

"That's unbelievable!" she remarked.

"Well, it happened! I absolutely massacred their asses!"

"I believe you, actually. You know, in some cultures if you ask someone to do something, it's rude to say no. You asked for something and they had to give it to you."

"Oh my God! You think the only reason they said yes to me is that I asked it as a favor?"

"Yes. I do. But who cares? They probably enjoyed it. You said they all came their asses off."

"Yeah, that's true."

"Plus you got to use your strap-on," Jennifer said with positivity.

"I did and it was awesome! I can't wait to do it again."

"Sounds like a win-win to me, honey. Now go forth and peg things." Jennifer always knew exactly what to say to bring out the slut in me. I would go forth. I would peg things.