 As he departed his office, Brian Miller noticed that the wind was blowing harder than he thought. He should have left sooner, but wanted to make certain the Ford Enterprises Gulf Coast office was secure. An inconsiderate Category 2 hurricane was approaching and had chosen late evening to arrive. The building had survived previous storms and would, no doubt, make it through this one. But still, the hatches had to be battened down. And as office manager, that was his responsibility. He had allowed the other nine employees to leave a couple of hours ago. He figured he would still have enough time to take care of things and get out in time, but the bending trees and flying debris told Brian he had stayed too long.

Slipping his car into reverse, he moved back into the garage and activated the heavy steel door. It only made it a quarter of the way before a pair of headlights appeared with an urgent horn begging for entrance. Brian had backed up enough for the vehicle to pull in out of the rain but no farther. Dowsing her headlights, a woman exited the car and stood in the glare of Brian's headlights. From what he could see, she was very attractive in a dark low-cut, short dress.

"Please," she begged, "I can't drive in this."

She was obviously very frightened, so out of compassion, he signaled her to come in and then reset the door.

Brian then backed his car into his normal parking spot, and she pulled in right next to him even though there were no other cars in the garage.

The beautiful brunette exited her auto and ran up to him. "Thank you so much. I work just down the street. I thought I had time to get out, but the damn thing must have strengthened and sped up," she said, unnerved. "I didn't make it very far."

"Neither did I."

She extended her hand. "I'm Ellie Mansfield. I'm an attorney. My office is two blocks down. Can I stay here in your garage?"

He accepted her hand to shake while sizing her up. She was even more attractive close up. Very pretty face. The v-cut neckline of her dress showed ample cleavage and the short dress hinted at very shapely legs. "No, Ellie," Brian said facetiously, "you need to get on home."

She reacted worriedly, but quickly saw his smirk and relaxed.

"I'm just kidding," Brian said with his warmest smile. "But you'd probably be more comfortable upstairs in the office."

"I couldn't impose."

"It's going to be a long night and I promise I don't bite."

Just then, a huge gust of wind slammed against the steel garage door, rattling it violently. Ellie threw her arms around Brian, her abundant breasts pressed against him. Stealing a glance down, he saw the rounded tops push up out of her dress. She was quite possibly one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen.

Rattled, Ellie Mansfield pushed back. "Sorry. Maybe it would be safer in the building."

* * *

Upstairs, Brian led her into his private office and offered her a seat. Ellie sat down on his sofa, crossing her legs. Even though she tugged the hem down, it could only cover so much and a lot of leg still showed. Brian enjoyed the view.

"Please make yourself comfortable," Brian offered. "Feel free to use the phone if there's anyone you need to let know where you are."

"No, no one."

He detected a note of sadness in her voice, but shrugged it off for the moment for a more important task. "I'm going to search the office. We secured it for a storm, but we didn't plan on anyone staying here. I'm sure we'll lose power soon, so we need flashlights. I have a small one in my desk. Maybe there are others around. I'm also going to look for anything else that might be helpful, such as food. I'm sure people have leftovers in the refrigerator in the kitchen we can eat, but anything else will be welcome."

"I'd be happy to help."

"You're welcome to tag along, but I should be the one to go through my employees' desks."

"Understood."

They set about the task. Brian couldn't help catching glimpses of Ellie in her short flowing dress. She had removed her shoes to walk barefoot on the carpeted floors, and the combination was eye-catching. They found three other flashlights of varying sizes, a couple of sets of batteries for some and odds and ends food items. Offering what assistance she could, Ellie suggested that they pop several bags of microwave popcorn, heat leftovers from the fridge and make two pots of coffee, which could be heated on the gas stove in the lunchroom/kitchen. An hour later, they were as prepared as they felt they could be.

Regrouping in Brian's office, Ellie took her same seat, again treating him to another nice view of her legs.

Before they could relax too much, there was a horrible crashing noise outside. Both rushed to the window to see what it was. A car had slid into a tree, its hood seriously bent. They could see that the airbag had deployed. Without further thought, Brian took off down the hall to the stair well, Ellie in tow. He unlocked the door and they both ran to the smashed up BMW.

Brian had to set his legs, knees bent, to find purchase against the howling wind and driving rain as he beat on the driver's door window. Ellie assumed a similar stance as the rain drenched both of them. A very attractive woman looked back at him from inside the car, stunned. She was attempting to push the deflated airbag away. He tried to open the door, but it was locked. "Unlock the door," he shouted over the loud storm. Finally, she was able to reach the unlock button. Brian wasted no time in pulling open the door and tucking the spent airbag through the steering wheel out of the way thus allowing the blonde to ease out. He glimpsed her shapely legs through her short skirt, but couldn't focus on that now.

"My purse," the woman cried looking back at her damaged car. "And I have food."

"I'll get it," Ellie shouted above the wind.

With Brian's assistance, he and the woman ran to the door of his building.

Ellie found the woman's purse on the passenger seat as well as two bags of groceries on the back seat. She grabbed everything and rushed back. Once inside, Brian locked the door again.

"Can you walk up stairs?" Ellie was asking.

The woman nodded. Once there, she and Ellie went into the ladies room where they used paper towels to dry off as best they could. Brian set the bags and purse down on a nearby table and did likewise.

Several minutes later, the three congregated outside of the restrooms. Their guest introduced herself as Annie Madison. Brian looked her over as she spoke. Her cream-colored blouse was wet through and through to her camisole and bra, giving a hint of her nicely rounded breasts. Her short navy blue skirt was none the better, but did not give up its opacity. Like Ellie, she had shed her shoes.

"I'm a realtor," Annie informed him, having introduced herself to Ellie in the restroom. "My office is down the street. I thought I left early enough to stop at a small grocery nearby, but realized I forgot some important papers and had to go back to the office. A strong gust of wind rattled by car and when I tried to correct I went sliding into that tree. Thank you for coming to my rescue."

"Brian Miller," he offered, extending his hand. "And I'm glad we could help. But I'm afraid you're stuck with us now."

"Thank you for allowing me." Annie then gestured to her wet clothes. "Any chance you have something dry I could wear?"

Brian looked down at himself, no better off. To Ellie, he said, "We didn't think to look for clothes."

"I didn't notice anything," Ellie said.

"Well, we're all in the same condition," Brian pointed out. "But if either of you feels like it, there are offices you can use to strip down until your clothes dry."

"I'm not sure I want to be alone just yet," Annie said.

Brian asked, "Anyone you need to call before we lose power?"

Annie shrugged. "No,"

"Why don't we go into the kitchen where we can sit in our wet clothes," Brian suggested. "Maybe I can rustle us up something to drink."

"If your suggesting something alcoholic," Annie said. "Lead the way."

"I like the way this girl thinks," Ellie giggled.

Brian mixed up a batch of Martinis. Whether they were good or not did matter. It was what everyone needed. Lifting up his glass in a toast, he offered, "Here's to three people who have nowhere to go and no one to go to."

"That makes us sound pathetic," Ellie commented.

"I'm sorry. That wasn't my intention. I meant—"

"That we were lucky to find each other," Annie amended.

"I like that better," Ellie agreed.

"That is closer to what I meant," Brian clarified. "There must be some cosmic significance to the three of us ending up together."

"How safe are we here?" Ellie wanted to know.

"Most of the buildings around here have withstood many storms," the realtor noted.

"Actually, this one survived a category 4 with only a few shattered windows. This hurricane should only be a low cat 3 by the time it hits land, so we should be just fine."

"This Ford Enterprises must be a good company to work for if they allow alcohol on the premises," Annie commented. "I've heard of the company, but I don't know what you do."

"We're just another large, diversified company with no relation, association or connection to the Ford Motor Company. Among the many things we do, we do nothing automotive."

Annie and Ellie had taken seats at the table while Brian remained standing. The wet clothes seemed to have shrunk on the women. Both were showing a lot of leg as though as much could not be covered. Either that or the alcohol was kicking in and they didn't care as much. Anyway, it provided a pleasant view for Brian.

Their first drinks went down quickly and each person eagerly wanted another. During the second round, there was mention of hunger. Annie offered to cook some of the food she had bought. Brian and Ellie gratefully accepted. It was mostly canned vegetables, but with a little seasoning, she whipped up a tasty concoction. Just as they finished the meal—and their third round—the power went out. Their three Martinis allowed them to take the outage with aplomb, even a bit of humor since it was not unexpected. They decided to sit for several minutes to make certain it was not temporary.

In the meantime, the emergency lights came on, but the electricity never did. They decided to use the sparse light to return to Brian's office to see how widespread the outage was from his window. Outside, there was darkness as far as they could see. However, the rain beat violently against the glass and the wind pounded anything that wasn't strongly secured. An occasional piece of debris flew by. Fortunately the windows were mostly protected by the building's columns outside.

"I don't know how long the batteries on these emergency lights will last so we should probably set up our sleeping arrangements," Brian suggested. "There's a sofa in the conference room and one in the reception area."

"I get my fill of conference rooms," the attorney said. "Annie, you choose."

"If it has a door, I'll take it," the realtor said. "If my clothes aren't dry, I'll remove them while I sleep."

"We might all have to do that anyway," Brian pointed out. "It's going to get warm in here."

"Oh, gee, something to look forward to!" Ellie joked.

"You know, Brian, you might have been right before," Ellie said, "about the cosmic significance thing. I'm not usually this comfortable around people I don't know. But for some reason, I feel quite relaxed."

"Yeah," Annie agreed as though it was a revelation. "Now that you mention it, I am too."

Brian chuckled. "Could it have anything to do with the three Martinis we had?"

Ellie pulled up and folded her legs causing her dress to ride higher on her legs. She made no attempt to fix it. "No there's a difference in the false sense of comfort you get from alcohol and the real ease you experience naturally."

"Well, I was joking," Brian clarified. "If you get to know me better, you'll learn that about me. But I do agree. There's something that feels right about this. Almost as though it wasn't random."

"So, what happens next?" Annie wanted to know. "Do we all get religion?"

They all laughed boisterously.

"No, but I could get us more vodka," Brian joked.

"Now, you're talking," Annie said.

"You guys are incorrigible," Ellie accused. "Another martini will put me to sleep."

"Another drink and I might not be able to control myself," Annie remarked with a smirk. "On second thought, I will have another."

More giggling from the others, but Brian returned to the kitchen. Only Annie followed. Once there, she stood very close to him as he mixed the drinks. He couldn't help but glance down at the top of her breasts.

She noticed and smiled at him. "You like?"

"You're a very attractive woman."

"Wish I heard that more often."

There was something sad in that statement. He tried to be uplifting. "Then you just haven't been hanging around the right people."

"You're a good man, Mr. Miller. I'll bet you're a great boss."

"You'd have to ask my employees."

Annie shook her head. "In my business, I have to be a good judge of people. I don't think I'm wrong about you."

"And what does your sense tell you about Ellie?"

"Very lawyerly. And believe me; I work with them all the time." Annie frowned. "But there's something else about her that I can't quite put my fingers on."

"Care to guess?"

"No, I don't know. You interested in her?"

"Just curious. I agree there's something I can't identify."

Annie leaned in closer, pressing her breast against his arm resting on the counter. "You interested in me?"

"Did you guys get lost?" Ellie asked, stepping into the kitchen.

Annie slowly eased away from Brian, but it did not escape Ellie's attention.

"Just talking," Brian quickly covered up. "Here you go." He handed her a drink.

"You sure I'm not interrupting anything?" Ellie pressed.

"Of course, not. Shall we return to my office where it's more comfortable?"

Once there, Ellie took the chair that matched the sofa and was perpendicular to it. Annie sat on the end of the couch nearest the attorney. Brian wondered whether he should sit at the other end, but as his fourth martini was kicking in and Annie was sitting with her legs crossed and a lot of them showing, and he now noticed a button on her blouse that had been previously buttoned but now was not, which maybe showed a tad more cleavage, he decided to sit next to her. He thought he detected a victorious smile as though some scheme had worked.

Annie lifted her skirt a bit with both hands. "Getting dryer, but still damp. I feel like a fish wrapped in newspaper."

Ellie giggled. "I know what you mean. Shame you weren't a woman, Brian. We could strip down."

"I'm not stopping you," he quipped. He placed the palm of his hand on his face to cover his eyes, but spread his fingers to still see. "I won't look," he joked.

Ellie feigned doubt by putting her wrist up to her forehead, and said with dramatic flair, "If only I could believe that."

Chuckling, Annie stood up. "Well, I'm not modest." With that she unbuttoned the remainder of her blouse and removed it. However, with her camisole only a bit more cleavage was revealed. She sat back down.

"Tease," Brian accused to the women's laughter.

"Tit for tat," Annie retorted. "You show me yours, I'll show you mine."

"Tit for tat?" Brian repeated. "How about just the tit part?"

"You guys have had too much to drink." Ellie pointed out. "And have you noticed? The wind has died down."

Brian checked his watch. "Nearly ten o'clock. This is about when the hurricane was predicted to come ashore. That would put us in the eye of the storm."

"And when it passes, the back side is going to be bad," Ellie said knowledgeably. "I think I'm going to try to get some sleep while it's quiet. May not be able to later." She downed the remainder of her drink.

"That's probably a good idea," Brian agreed, reeling himself in from the merriment and somewhat disappointed that he didn't get to see how far it would have gone.

"Party poopers!" Annie said. "Unfortunately you're right."

And with that, each went their separate ways.

* * *

It never occurred to Brian to mention that the sofa in his office opened into a bed. None of the others in the office did. It was a Ford Enterprises management perk in case they had to pull an all-nighter—which he had never had to do. Although he'd heard that the boss, Peter Ford, had used his for other things. However, in this situation, he doubted it provided him any more comfort than the ladies because even though it was momentarily quiet as the eye of the storm passed, it was getting warmer, and because of the ladies, he had this massive hard-on.

Brian had stripped down to his briefs, and he considered pulling out his cock to give himself some hand relief. But he thought better of it, not wanting to get caught if one of the women was walking around.

And that is exactly what happened.

Brian saw the silhouette from the emergency lights just outside his doorway. The camisole was a giveaway that it was Annie. But better still, the underbodice revealed she had no bra on underneath. Her only other attire was bikini panties, and the combination did nothing to sooth his painful erection.

"You need something?" Brian asked in a loud whisper.

Stepping into his doorway, Annie inquired, "Did I wake you?"

"No, it's starting to get too warm to sleep."

"Yeah. Of course, all of that alcohol didn't help. And it hasn't worn off yet. I was trying to find someplace cooler." She took another step in. "It actually is a little better in here. And you've got a sofa bed!"

Brian shrugged, though he didn't think she saw it in the dim light.

"And you've stripped down, as well," Annie noted.

Now, Brian drew his legs together, embarrassed that she might have spied his erection.

"It's amazing," she went on, "that here we are practically naked in front of strangers."

"I guess a hurricane does require us to make certain concessions."

"Either that or it's a good excuse for you to look at my body."

"Sorry," Brian offered nervously. "But you don't seem shy about showing it."

"Well, as we all said earlier, some people you just feel comfortable around. And just so you know, to my delight, that bulge in your briefs has not escaped my attention."

At least she couldn't see him blush. "I don't know what to say."

"Really? Because that's one of the other things alcohol does to me: makes me a little more forward."

"One of the other things? What else does it do?"

Annie stepped closer to him. Sitting on the low sofa bed, he was almost face level with her pussy. He could smell her arousal. "Makes me horny."

"Then as a good host, let me get you another drink."

"Another drink is not what I need."

Brian stood. Annie turned and pressed her ass against his hard cock. He pushed against her, wrapping his arms around her, cupping one of her breasts.

"Now, you're being a good host."

"Is Ellie sleeping?"

"I don't know. But if she is, she'll miss all the fun."

* * *

In actuality, Ellie was just outside the door. Like Annie, the heat and alcohol prevented sleep, and also like Annie, she was on the prowl for another kind of relief. Ellie wore only her dress loosely fixed around her waist with no undergarments. She'd heard most of their exchange.

"Looks like she won't miss any fun," Annie remarked as Ellie entered. "You horny too? Come on, I'll share."

"No need."

"Oh? You going to get off just watching?"

"Not necessarily." And with that, as Brian was kissing Annie's neck and fondling her breasts, Ellie stepped up, placed her hands on either side of Annie's face and pressed her lips to the realtor's.

So stunned was Annie that she did nothing. Instinctively, she kissed back, and as it continued, she realized it was partially because Ellie was a terrific kisser. When they finally broke it off several seconds later, Annie said, "I knew there was something about you. You prefer women."
