 As much fun as Amelia had on the train she thought she'd take things up another level and do this in a more populated place, to see if she could get others to watch her, or to join in the fun. She didn't quite know how to go about it. She sat on a bench and started to people watch searching for just the right candidate. She was on the look out for either sex, not feeling too fussy but was getting a little annoyed at all the families walking by, she wanted some and wanted some soon. She wondered if maybe she should go to a different spot in the mall, maybe the food court. She could be subtler there with a table to hide her prowling.

She took herself up the escalator and looked around, all the tables seemed to have someone sat at them. She spied one close by, two women were sat, eating and chatting and she decided to go and join them, pretending she was waiting for her friend to get back with food.

"Hey how are you two doing?" she asked them as she sat down.

"Uhh we're fine, do I know you?" the blonde asked.

"Oh I'm sorry I thought you were someone else." Amelia apologized. "Have you seen my friend? She told me to meet her around here, she has black jeans and a studded blue tank top?"

"No we haven't seen anyone dressed like that, but you're welcome to join us while you wait." The brunette offered.

Bingo! she thought and smiled, "I'm Amelia," she said offering her hand to them and licking her lips.

"I'm Bethany," replied the blonde,

"I'm Sara," replied her friend, the slim brunette.

"You guys bought lots today?" Amelia asked.

"Nah not really we're just here to hang out."

Amelia smiled and decided to push her luck with them thinking two could be more fin than one. "Ahh yeah I bought a lot of stuff, want to see?" Amelia asked handing them her bag.

Their eyes grew wide at Amelias purchases, they looked at one another and started to wonder why she was showing them what she had bought. They both started to blush and Amelia grinned.

"Do you want to know how they work?"

"I would love to," Sara said looking over toward Amelia with a grin and not quite believing what had just come out of her mouth.

"How about you?" she asked turning to look at Bethany.

"Oh no, I'm sorry I'm not into woman," she said and Amelia tried to hide her disappointment.

"Don't worry about that, it's not as though I'm going to be using them on you. I don't even know you." She lied.

"That is true I guess," she replied, with a sigh. Unable to comprehend that Sara was willing to give this a try, she had no idea her best friend was willing to try a woman.

"So, do you know where the ladies bathroom is round here so I can show you?"

"Yeah follow me," Sara said and got up as fast as she could, "Are you coming too?" she asked Bethany, "It might be fun."

"Oh I assure you it will be fun." Amelia interjected, getting wet at the thought of possible making out with the pair of them.

5 minutes later in the Ladies room.....

"Why are you showing us these?" Bethany asked, getting frustrated, wishing she'd never agreed to this. "We're not lesbians and you don't even know us."

"Well I'm interested Beth," Sara replied as she pulled out a large dildo, her mouth gaping open at the sheer size of it.

"So you want me to show you the wonders of this one first?" Amelia asked her smiling, she was now literally dripping. 

Sara thought that the dildo had to have been the largest she had ever seen before and couldn't wait to insert it into her pussy. She bit down on her lip and glanced at Beth before grinning and pulling off her pants. Amelia passed her the dildo and she sat on the floor before she spread her legs. "Are you not going to show me what to do?"

"What do you think you do with it?" Amelia said giggling.

"There is no way I can fit this whole thing into me," Sara gasped.

"Sara what are you doing?" Bethany said as she stood in shock staring at her friends splayed legs.

"I want to get myself off Beth, this is so much larger than the real deal and I want to see how much of it I can take." Sara answered, looking at her friend with lust in her eyes.

"Look if you really are that scared of using it," Amelia started to say, rolling her eyes, "Then I guess I coud help you."

"Really? You will? You won't mind?" Sara asked biting her lip.

"No of course not, now spread your legs a bit wider and I'll get you ready to take your first huge dildo."

Sara nodded and laid back onto her elbows, opening her legs wider as Amelia got down on all fours and scooted close to her opening, smelling her sex was overpowering all her senses but she got close enough to lap her center, one long stroke after the other. Sara wasn't expecting it but she purred, showing her enjoyment. Amelia was just about to insert a couple of fingers but they were interrupted when they heard a knock at the door.

"Oh god what do we do?" asked Bethany panicking, too discusted to watch her best friend being eaten by a stranger, a woman.

"Shhh" Ameila hushed. "Just stay quiet. Can you take over from me Beth and I'll go and see who it is."

Amelia got up and grinned as Beth got down on all fours without thinking about it and tentatively started to give her friend oral sex, her tongue lightly lapping just where Amelia's had been.

"Oh God Beth, I can't believe your tongue, I didn't think you were interested in.." Sara's words trailed off when Bethany suddenly started to get her rhythm and sucked hard on her clit.

Amelia slipped out of the bathroom to come face to face with a cleaner, a male cleaner.

"Hi," she whispered, Sara's juices all over her face.

"What is going on in there Miss?" he asked trying to move her out of the way so he could see around her.

"Close the toilets down and I'll let you watch," she whispered, just as the sounds of two woman moaning filtered through to them.

"Let me join in and you have got yourself a deal" he said grinning, unable to believe his luck, already feeling his erection begin a tthe thought of what was going on..

"Sounds good to me," she said as he turned to close down the ladies. Amelia had already walked back to see the friends and smiled as she saw them, now both nude and playing with her double ended dildo between them.

"I brought someone else to join in on our fun," Ameila announced as she herself began to undress slowly and seductively in front of the new addition.

Beth and Sara both briefly looked up at him before they turned their attention back to one another, both pushing against the dildo and getting closer to grinding their pussies together.

Amelia smiled and turned her attention to the cleaner, unbuckling his pants and undoing them, letting them fall to the floor. He quick;y stepped out of them.

"So they're having fun, would you care to suck on my cock for a while?" he asked her grabbing her breasts and tweaking her nipples, eliciting a moan to escape her lips.

She laughed as she finished fully stripped herself and walked over to the girls, dragging him with her. She looked into his eyes as she slowly lowered herself down onto Sara's face and waited for her to start lapping her whilst she yanked down his boxers and took him fully into her mouth. It didn't take long before Sara started licking her pussy, joining in the fun of the full blown orgy happening.

"Oh God, I want that big cock inside me," Sara now said, literally salivating at the sight of it dipping in and out of Amelias mouth and Amelia looked up at him questioningly.

"The dildo or his real cock?" Bethany asked her panting heavily.

"Both?" she begged.

He growled and pulled out of Amelia, this was too good to be true for him.

"On all fours," he directed to Sara, "You get me or nothing."

"What about me?" Beth asked whilst looking at Amelia.

"Get on all fours beside Sara" she ordered her. "And I'm going to impail your ass."

"I don't know," she stammered, "I've never let anyone do that before." She'd never even thoguht about getting herself off with a woman until ten minutes ago, she'd hated the idea.

"Well I'm sure you never went down on a woman before and got off together on a double ended dildo in the womans bathroom at the mall while two total strangers watched and participated." Amelia reminded her.

"True," she sighed, now feeling empty.

"Come on Bethany, you know you want too" Sara egged her on.

"Fine," she replied as she followed the instructions as Amelia licked her large dildo and pushed it slowly up inside Beths ass.

"Ouch, oh God that hurts," Beth cried.

"Just relax, relax and let it in then it won't hurt as bad." Amelia told her as she squirted some lube in her ass.

"I'm trying to," she said as it went in a little further. "Take it out please, it's too big"

"Relax sugar," Amelia whispered in her ear and she felt Bethany do as asked, she managed to push the dildo a little further in as Beth gasped in what she assumed was pleasure. Amelia was rolling her eyes at this point, close to cumming herself as she felt Sara slip her tongue right into the center of her.

"This is amazing Amelia," moaned Bethany.

Amelia pushed herself onto Sara's mouth harder, wanting her tongue to go in as far as humanly possible. The cleaner was still getting his end away and was on boiling point when her pulled out.

"I want to watch the three of you make each other come together."

"And how to do you want us to do that? You decide positions, toys if any and things like that." Sara told him.

"With your mouths, I want to see the three of you squirt," he said whilst rubbing himself.

"I don't know," Beth said again.

"Oh know you will do as I say." The cleaner ordered.

"But I just don't know if I can do anymore. I'm exhausted." Beth groaned. 

"That's it girls, stick that butt plug up her ass and tie her to the the bathroom stall then Amelia sit on her face." He ordered still pounding away on his cock. "And Sara straddle Bethany's waist facing her pussy and stick your ass in the air and Amelia will eat you while you get Bethany off."

"If that's what you want Sir," Amelia grinned as she she tied Beth to the stall and stuck a plug deep inside her. Sara straddled Beth's waist facing her but and bent over her to eat, spreading her legs wide and Amelia dove right into Sara, tasting her sweet nectar.

Beth just laid there moaning out in pleasure yet not even touching Amelia's pussy.

"Touch her," he said looking at Beth, "She's clearly gagging for it."

Beth nodded and pulled Amelia's clit into her hot little mouth.

"Thats it honey, stick your tongue into that hot pussy of hers, make her cum as she has never come before." he said kneeling down in between Bethany's legs slapping her ass so hard the butt plug inside her began to shift.

"Holy shit," Beth squealed, dropping the bud from her hungry mouth,

"Eat her!" he ordered, "I want to see you all cum and then I will remove that plug and fuck your ass while these girls fuck your pussy at the same time. You will be punished for your insubordination." He said, taking charge of all three of them.

"Oh God I'm gonna cum!" Sara shouted as wave after wave of her orgasm hit, she felt her juices pour, almost squirt out of her and the cleaner held a hand under her to catch it. He wanted to drink her nectar.

Amelia sat up so the cleaner could get his face into Sara's pussy to drink all of her juices off of her. She pushed her own pussy deeper into Bethany's mouth and felt her own release imminent. She knew she was qoing to squirt everywhere and quick;y moved off Beth and started to rub herself to completion.

The cleaner noticed this. "Get back on her Amelia, is she not doing her job? She needs to get you off not you get yourself off."

"She was doing her job, I'm almost there." She said frantically rubbing her clit. "I'm a squirter and you can see it better from right here. Plus I didn't want to drown her."

Her fingers were a blur as she got herself off, "Oooh, ahhhh, oooh," she called out as she started to cum, she was squirting hot liquid in the cleaners direction.

It didn't take long for him to stick his face into her pussy and began to lick her clean.

"Oh god... yeah lick my pussy clean" He shocked her when he added a finger to tease her clit, just lightly touching it, driving her wild. He soon had her squirting again directly into his waiting mouth.

"Two down, just need one more to cum," he said "Amelia go help Sara with Bethany, she's probably resisting knowing her."

"True," she grinned and untied bethany, flipping her over, she got to work on her nipples, leaving Sara at her cunt.

She took her right nipple in her mouth sucking hard on it, while pinching and twisting her left with her fingers causing Bethany to moan in pleasure.

"Suck on her clit Sara, suck with all you got" the cleaner ordered and Sara happily obeyed. Beth started to grunt in pleasure and felt her release deepen.

"Stop" he said abruptly. "Make her beg for her release."

"Shit Sara, make me cum girl," Beth begged, "Make me scream your name."

"Oh Sara, God Sara!" she screamed out as Sara clentched down on her clit, sucking it hard and rolling it in between her teeth. Beth ran her fingers through her hair pulling her closer as her orgasm neared. "Play with my nipples Amelia, please."

Amelias eyes lit up and she knelt down next to the best friends and took a nipple into her mouth whilst tweaking the other.

"Oh god yeah, I"m going to cum, pump me harder Sara" Bethany screamed out.

"Sara you are fucking amazing!!" She yelled as she came hard and wet the floor beneath her.

"Let me clean her up while you girls go get the toys for yourselves, but leave the biggest for Bethany here." He ordered then in a second his tongue was attacking Bethany's sex once again.

Sara and Amelia grinned at one another and did as asked, kissing each other on the way. Sara also didn't resist temptation and slid a finger into Amelias slit.

"Wow you really bought a lot Amelia." Sara said looking through the big bag with one hand still stimulating her.

"Yeah," she grinned and opened her legs wider. Sara dropped to her knees and licked hard.

"No licking each other, find toys to stimulate yourselfs and one for Bethany, I'm ready to fuck that ass of hers."

"Who died and made you boss?" Beth said, "I say we ditch the dick. What do you say girls?"

"Then I will unlock the doors and you will have to stop your fun."

"Well then just shut your mouth and watch!"

"Can't I join anymore?"

"Yes but you aren't in charge here, majority rules and we're ruling that you sit and watch or pound into Bethany."

"How about pound into Bethany while I watch you two go at it?" he asked sticking his finger inside her sopping wet cunt then bringing them to his mouth and sucking them dry.

"What do you think girls?" Sara asked.

"I think we decide what he does. I want to feel him in me," Amelia said, her tongue starting to ache from all the pussy licking.

"Sounds good to me, in your pussy or in your ass?"

"Pussy" she said matter of factly standing up and pushing him onto his back. "I'm in control now" She sat down onto his throbbing cock making all of it disappear inside her. "Oh god you feel so good, I feel so full, so amazingly full right now."

She controlled him, lifting her pussy almost off him and slamming down again. She leaned back grasped his ankles whislt moving her hips in circles around his cock. Exposing her clit for one of the girls to play with. Bethany saw it first and her eyes glistened, she dove in and pulled it gently into her mouth, riding with them.

"OH god yeah baby suck that clit, I"m gonna cum.. Oh god I'm gonna cum, I'm cumminggggggg!"

The cleaner pounded her even harder trying to reach his own orgasm, grunting the way men normally do. Sara knelt down in front of him and plunged her tongue into his mouth, trying to help in getting him off. Which worked like a charm. He started to grunt as he shot his load inside Amelia and she milked his cock for all it was worth.

She stood up and grabbed her clothes, putting them on quickly. She left the toys in the bag on the floor.

"Well thank you for an awesome experience but I really need to go, enjoy the toys ladies, I'm sure you'll be using them frequently won't you?"

"Oh we will thank you" Sara said smiling. "Can we get together again soon to do this?"

"I leave you my card," Amelia grinned, passing it to Sara before she walked out of the door.