 At least twice a week I have to get a train down the country to another of our offices. It's a 3 hour journey and basically has become my time to catch up on reading, TV programs or new music. Whatever way I'm entertaining myself it's most likely that I'm sitting there with headphones on, completely oblivious to anything, or anyone, else going on.

Recently I was coming home late and much to my delight the train was virtually deserted with only a few scattered passengers throughout the whole train. I always sit by the window and tend to rest my leg up on this little heating duct that runs the length of each carriage right down at the corner of the floor and side of the train. A stop or two after I got on, two girls got on and despite an otherwise empty carriage (I think there were two other people in the whole carriage), they sat where I was sitting at the two seats that face another two seats with a table between them. Both were opposite me. One was a little shorter than me but quite tall for a girl. She had blonde hair and a very athletic figure. The other girl was shorter still. A brunette with fairly sizeable breasts and a slim hourglass figure.

As I said, my headphones were in, I was listening to a new album a friend sent me, and I couldn't hear anything they were saying to each other. However, I could easily tell that they'd both been drinking and the brunette girl diagonally opposite me was falling asleep. As the train moved the rhythmical clickity clack soon had her fast asleep. I occasionally glanced at the blonde girl directly opposite me but she always seemed to just be staring out of the window. Suddenly I felt her leg move to the heating duct and accidentally kick mine. She mouthed something but I still couldn't hear anything. I slipped off my headphones.

"Pardon," I said, "I couldn't hear you with my headphones on."

"Oh, I just said sorry. I didn't see your foot there," she replied.

"Don't worry. No harm done."

"You look like you're on your way home. Were you at the conference?" she continued.

"No. My company has offices around the country and I have to visit them regularly."

We exchanged slight smiles and I returned to my music, popping my headphones back on. Not too long after that I felt my foot kicked again. "Sorry. I keep forgetting your foot's there. I'm a little drunk."

Having turned down the volume, I can hear her this time. She motions for me to take off my headphones and as I do, she repeats herself. "No problem," I tell her. 

But before I can slip my headphones back on she asks what I do. We start chitchatting, asking each other what we do, where we're from etc. I discover that she's a Physiotherapist and was at a conference to do with sports injuries. I tell her about my past troubles with my knee and how I had to have surgery on it.

"Would you like me to give it a rub?" she offers.

Not one to pass up the touch of a beautiful girl, I happily agreed. Not wanting to disturb her friend, she quietly climbed up on the seat and stepped across the table. With her lower body now right in my face I got a good look at her and decided my initial review hadn't given her full credit her athletic physique deserved. Her legs weren't just toned, they were like milk - not a hair or blemish in sight. And her lack of tights under that thigh length skirt gave me a good view.

"Excuse my legs," she whispered, "I snagged my tights and it just made more sense to take them off."

"Oh it hardly bothers me," I said with a wink as she turned, moving her ass around inches from me, to manoeuvre onto the seat beside me. At that point I thought she must have been flirting with me as her ass was a total peach and she had to have put it directly in my view on purpose. Also toned but with a slight fullness, her ass just wanted to be grabbed. I somehow refrained.

She rubbed her palms together to warm them up and moved her hands to my right thigh and knee. Slowly and light at first but steadily getting firmer, she caressed and kneaded my leg. Her touch was electric and I could feel my cock starting to stir. Before it got too excited I moved my hand on top of hers and stopped her.

"Sorry. I should have said. It's my left knee that I hurt."

She blushed slightly and Leaned across me to get to my left leg. It was far more awkward and the angle she was at across my front meant I had a clear view down her loose t-shirt to her scantly covered breasts. If I had to guess I'd say she was no more than a 32B but she displayed them well and clearly choose her bra to accentuate what she had. She followed the same routine as she had with my right leg but from the awkward position she was at she kept brushing against my now semi firm cock.

With not more than 5mins gone she stopped. "I can't really get at your knee from here and I think... em... I'm... ah... making you... excited?!?"

As she said it, her lip curled and a smirk spread across her face. I also noted that while she'd stopped rubbing, her hand was still resting on my leg, right beside my now engorged disco stick. Placing my hand on hers and gently moving it to rub the 8" length of my cock, I whispered, "I'm happy to get even more excited if you're happy to keep making me excited?"

She grinned, ran her tongue along her upper lip, gripped my cock through my jeans and whispered back, "so long as I can get excited too!"

"I wouldn't have it any other way," I said. Not wanting to disturb her friend, I suggested that we sneak off to the toilets and have a little fun. To say she was eager would be an understatement. We quietly got up, left Claire a little note saying we'd be back soon and made our way to the toilet. 

As the cubical door slid open I was glad to see the toilet was freshly cleaned and in immaculate condition. Ruth, which I discovered was her name, stepped forward and led me in. She approached the counter with the sink, standing about a metre back and leaned forward. Her body hinged in a perfect angle with both her lower half and upper half remaining athletically straight, her ass the pivot sitting perfectly out in space at the height of my cock. Looking over her shoulder she said to close the door as she reached behind with one long slim arm and slowly raised the back of her skirt up over her ass. Beneath was the sweetest ass I've ever seen, in real life or otherwise, and covering it just a black lace thong. "So, are you still getting excited?"

I stood back to really take in the view and undid my belt and buttons. My jeans dropped to the floor revealing my lack of boxers and my raging hardon. "What do you think?" was all I needed to say.

"Oh my, I hope I'm able for all of that," she turned and raised her skirt to reveal the sheer front to her thong and the clear outline of her completely bald little snatch, "my pussy is so small and tight!"

Although I suspected she was expecting me to plunge my hard cock straight into her little gap, instead I lifted her onto the sink counter, dropped to my knees and buried my face between her legs. With her thong still in place I was as much teasing her as anything else and although she was clearly getting wet and excited, her restricted moans betrayed her want for more. Her hands moved to my head, running through and gripping my hair. She pulled me closer, almost forcing me to eat through the delicate material between my mouth and her sweet, throbbing wetness. One hand moved to her thong and she began pushing it down. I bit the material and flicked my head up, pulling her thong tight and driving the thin string running between her ass cheeks tightly and sharply into her ass hole and pussy.

"Not yet!" was all she got.

I gripped each of her wrists with my own hands and held them tightly by her side as I continued to tease her. Ensuring I sucked as much of her juices through her thong as I could, I slowly stood and kissed her passionately. Still holding her wrists but now with them forced behind her back. My large hands were easily able to hold both her wrists in one and I freed up my second hand to work her pussy, still through her thong, as I continued making out with her. At this point teasing had crossed the line for her and despite no skin on skin contact yet, she started to tremble. Of course, just because her body was ready didn't mean I'd let it.

I eased off my hand work and slowed my kisses. She gasped and moaned and trembled and gently shook in rhythm with the train. I could tell she was aching to cum. I released one hand and whispered to her to stroke my cock. She did so without hesitation. Long slow strokes in time with how I was working her pussy. Each as exquisite as the last, building to what I knew was going to be a massive orgasm.

"Poor Claire doesn't know what she's missing," as I gently bit her ear lobe, "I wonder what she'd say?"

"Well," replied Ruth, "she kinda does know."

I looked at her quizzically. As it turned out Ruth and Claire had a system for clubs or parties that if one of them got with someone they'd just met or didn't know too well they would call the other and leave the connection so if anything happened they could call help.

Suddenly there was a knock at the toilet door. As it turned out, sometimes Ruth and Claire liked to share!

Ruth leaned past me and unlocked the door. Claire quietly entered the little room and immediately commented on the wonderful smell. She reached out and grabbed my ass, "Oh boy, you are pert. Now let's see this monster of yours because my pussy is even tighter than Claire's and I love having it stuffed with cock!"

I nearly blew my load there and then but turned slightly to give her a side on view of my fully erect dick. "Wow! I can't wait for you to fill me up" she blurted. "How do we decide who's getting your load?"

What had been hot and sexy was suddenly erotic and porn-like. Claire brought a definite something else to the party. And I liked it. Ruth too I was guessing by the way her nails are digging into my back and her crotch grinding against my leg.

"I guess I'll just have to fill you both up," I smirked. "Where do you want it?"

"Well I'm not wet enough yet to take you in my pussy but that's what I want. So you go ahead and fuck Ruth while I catch myself up."

I turned back to Ruth, "so, where do you want it?"

"Fuck my face," were the only words she spoke as she dropped to the floor and swallowed my whole cock. So there I was, face fucking one girl I knew for all of an hour while her best friend sat against a hand rail frantically finger banging her pussy. In contrast to Ruth's bald, tight, little fuck hole, Claire had her muff shaved into the shape of a heart, sitting just above a very full clit and two stunning labia that hung out of her pussy like the entrance drapes to some exotic VIP sex parlour. I wanted to shove my cock deep into her and make her scream.

While Ruth deep throated my enlarged member she was also following Claire's lead and finger fucking her pussy like there was no tomorrow. In fact given my earlier efforts and the fact that her bestie was now right beside her working to a self-induced, dripping, screaming orgasm, Ruth got there is mere seconds. Her orgasm though, it was something different. Just as she started to climax, she sped up and concentrated on her clit. She really, really worked it hard. One orgasm became two. Two became three. She was now biting down on her lip so hard to stifle her own screams that she'd drawn blood. And just when I thought she'd pull it back a notch or two, she drove three fingers deep inside her tight gash. Beside her Claire was riding her own wave but in contrast to Ruth's feverish free-fall, Claire seemed to be enjoying one very long and drawn out orgasm. She'd started bucking against her own hand and moaning at the same time that Ruth's first hit. But she was still going on the same high.

Me? I was concentrating on what these two incredible beauties were doing that my own build-up was anything but fast. I planned on making this whole experience last as long as possible. Nonetheless, when Ruth was on her third I just could hold it any longer. I grabbed her head and thrust my cock as deeply down her throat as I could. In fact I was in no doubt that I was actually down her throat pumping my balls directly into her body and bypassing her mouth altogether. She gagged and spluttered. Cum came out her nose and around my cock and down her face. I didn't let go. I just kept fucking her face as she'd asked. Finally when I was sure there was nothing left for the moment I slid my cock out of her mouth, wiping a trail of cum across her cheek. I turned to Claire, "there's a preview for you."

Claire didn't hesitate and leaned forward to lick my cum off her best friends face. And there it was. My cock was growing again and as I looked down at that brunette tuft of hair in the shape of a heart, I knew I'd be pumping whatever was left in my balls into her delicious pussy as soon as I could. Claire however had other plans with regards the speed of my second orgasm.

"Sit there," she said, and I followed her order, sitting down to Ruth's left. Without warning Claire swung her leg around and planted her pussy over and onto my hardening cock. She didn't move any mote though, she just sat there. Without warning she suddenly slapped me in the face. "You don't know it yet but this little train ride is just the start of our night. I hope you've the stamina for another round or three once we get back to Dublin. Ruth stood up and moved in beside Claire. "Oh Claire, I hadn't told him yet!"

Apparently the guys that they liked didn't just get a threesome, they got invited back to their house for something more. "So, what do you have to say for yourself?" Claire asked.

"I'm game for anything," I replied, "so long as I get to fuck Ruth's sweet pussy and cum all over your face, Claire?"

"Oh don't worry, you be fucking a lot more than just her pussy. And I plan on having your cum dripping from every inch of my body!"

Then without warning Claire again slapped my face. Harder. And at the same time started rocking back and forth on my cock. "For now though, empty those balls in my tight snatch so Ruth can suck it out and give it back to you."

I tried to hold off again. To draw it out. To make it last as long as possible. Not a hope. Her pussy was indeed tight. Tighter than any I'd ever had and with every movement it sucked and pulled at my already sensitive cock. Within what I would imagine was no more than 10minutes I exploded inside her. Pumping her snatch with my cum as she also worked her clit. She came with me but quickly instructed me that she planned on having another so I better stay hard. Thankfully I managed but by the time she came again I felt raw. My cock hadn't taken a beating like this in a very long time. And I couldn't wait to keep it going.

"On your knees Ruth," Claire ordered, and Ruth dropped back to her knees, mouth wide open and pointed up. Claire stood up and quickly moved above Ruth, not letting a single drop of cum leave her tight pussy. Ruth latched onto her wet snatch with her open, willing mouth and started sucking her dry. Claire's juices and my cum flowed out of Claire's pussy and Ruth collected it all. "Now give it back to him," she demanded.

Ruth rose to her feet, moved beside me and planted her mouth on mine, forcing its contents in. The taste was overwhelming. My own cum unmistakeable to me but the dark musky taste of Claire's cum was incredible. Ruth and I kept kissing and moved the cum back and forth between us.

With our clothes back on we returned to our seats in the carriage. And indeed, it was just the start of the evening's fun. In fact it was just the start of many more nights fun with my two strangers on the train.