 Tough to know where to start this story - in media res, as it were, I suppose; the dramatis personae: me, my girlfriend Selene, and a girl named Pam, a friend of mine first and ours later. 

Selene was a small and buxom redhead, with a peaches and cream complexion and a body the old masters would have brawled to get to - five feet two, long red curls, Irish eyes with a tiny determined chin that quivered when she was sad and jutted when she was angry; she was curvy and soft with slightly heavy breasts and pierced nipples. she had recently pierced her tongue, too. She usually shaved her pussy, and kept the patch soft with creams and oils, which she let me apply and which usually led to fucking. She was a stripper and lapdancer, and a very good one, although she was only doing it to get through school.

Pam was a friend and lover who I had known for a couple of years; a redhead as well, she was darker, closer to auburn instead of the fiery red of Selene's hair. She too was short and busty, but heavier--thicker and more solid, somehow, although they were both the same size; more dense, I guess. 

Selene and I had an odd and tempestuous relationship, one which included other lovers on both our parts; Pam was one of those. She had been mine first, and Selene was blindingly jealous of her until they slept together, after which she was Pam's champion. Pam was up to visit us one summer, staying at the apartment Selene and I shared, and we had planned the debauchery of the week well ahead of time. It was to be the first time we would all three of us be together, and we had exhaustively discussed our fantasies beforehand - what we wanted to see and to do and to hear. They had bought matching lingerie, Selene had bought a camera, I had bought film. Selene and I went out shopping for toys and picked up a new dildo to use in the harness she wore when she did the girl-on- girl shows at the Century Theatre where she worked. We had laid in a stock of lube, condoms and batteries that could have seen us through an apocalypse, and Selene and I had been teasing each other with new fantasies during sex for the week beforehand - her telling me she would have Pam come in to my workplace, suck me off in the bathroom, take my load on her face, and then walk outside and kiss Selene on the sidewalk where my co-workers could see them, me telling her that Pam and I would come in and fuck for her and her coworkers in the seats at the theatre while she lapdanced in the next row and had to watch, get aroused and do nothing.

When Pam arrived in town, it was an immediate romp; we had all been together separately, but never the three of us. We started out with a couple of what I guess you would call preliminary exercises--Pam did indeed come to the store where I worked and did indeed suck me off in the back room; she did take a load on her face, but did not walk out past my coworkers with it.

I should mention here that she was, at the time, pretty inexperienced, and I had the opportunity to introduce her to a number of new things. We used to joke that almost everything we did together was a first for her, and it was almost true; I had the opportunity to be the first guy she had sex with in public - in a BART station parking lot - the first time she had anal sex, the first time she swallowed a load of come, the first time she took one on her face, the first threesome, foursome, d.p., bondage, swing club--the list goes on, and if you ever want to hear about those I'll be glad to tell you, but the point is that we were doing a bunch of stuff that was brand new to her. This was back in '93, and we've both been around a bunch since then, but back then she thought Selene and I were the craziest out-of-this-world swingers she'd ever met, and we were.

Anyway, she and Selene got a hot tub room at the hot tub place on University Avenue in Berkeley, a few doors down from where I worked, and when I got out I went down there to the room number they told me about and stepped in to find them lazily fingering each other on the edge of a steaming tub; I stepped out of my clothes, slid into the water, relaxed and watched, stroked myself a little. I was still recovering from the blowjob in the back of the comic book store. We were all pretty lazy in the hot tub, and didn't do much of what you'd describe as really active fucking, but it was fun and comfortable. At about nine - after about two hours in the tub--we all piled out and got dressed, went our separate ways. Selene had to go to work, and Pam and I went back to the apartment and jumped each other for the rest of the night.

I had to work in the morning, but Pam and Selene made plans to meet up, go out, and spend the day together, and we all agreed to get together after I finished work the next day. Selene was off that night, so we were going to have our first evening with all three of us. I was pretty much in a frenzy all day, naturally, and at one point the two of them came into the store to visit. They teased me mercilessly, letting me know that neither one of them was wearing panties under their skirts, proving it when no-one was looking, peppering me with double entendres, showing me a number of bags and boxes containing their afternoon's purchases and hinting at their contents, and-flat out fondling me and each other when the coast was even relatively clear. A couple of my coworkers had some hard questions for me after they left. When they did go, I was in no doubt about how fast things were going to get started when I got home.

At seven, I left work, and when I walked in the door of our apartment they were still in their clothes. I inquired as to why they weren't naked and in bed, and in response they rushed me, put a blindfold on me, and sat me down in a chair. Naturally, I offered no resistance and was treated to ten minutes of giggling, rustling, feathery touches and kisses, and teasing hints about how they were equipping and accoutring themselves, interspersed with the occasional moan to let me know they were warming up on each other.

When they finally took the blindfold off me, I was treated to the sight of the two of them in matching teddies, Selene standing behind Pam, with her hands cupping Pam's breasts, Pam's wrists shackled in fur-lined leather cuffs. The touching and teasing already had me hard, but I stiffened even more as Selene pinched Pam's nipples, making her arch her back and squeal. They announced that they were my slaves for the evening, and that any thing I wanted was mine for the asking. I hadn't figured on such largesse, but I was quick to take advantage of it, and I put them through their paces.

I started out by having them undress me, kissing me and licking me as they went, and when I was naked, I stayed in the chair and stroked my cock while I told them to do everything I could think of to each other and to me. I took a ton of pictures, watched them lick and kiss and finger each other, in various positions on various pieces of furniture. Most of it was pretty standard--there are only a certain number of things you can do with three people in a small apartment, but we did them all.

We took pictures of all of us in the multifarious combinations, didn't take any of the things that required all three of us to have our hands busy. I have for instance, no record of the two of them sixty-nining while I fucked Selene from behind, alternating, with long slow strokes between her pussy and Pam's mouth, pulling all the way out and then pushing forward, my cock between her lips but not inside her, while Pam licked me and pushed my cock up so that when I had thrust all the way forward the head was just teasing Selene's clit, then drawing it back and allowing Pam to seat me inside Selene so that when I thrust again I slid inside her, slick from Pam's tongue. Likewise no picture exists of me lying on my back with the two of them straddling me, facing each other, kissing, fondling each other's breasts while Pam rode my cock and Selene my tongue, settling into a slow and complex tripartite rhythm that had both of them moaning and me gritting my teeth to keep from exploding. They used a couple of vibrators on each other while I fingered both their clits at the same time, and they both went down on me, kissing each other around my shaft.

The beginning of the climax came when Selene strapped on her brand-new harness and installed in the ring a dildo we had talked about buying a while before. It was clear and made of jelly silicone, which was relatively new at the time, and expensive. Its main virtue in Selene's eyes was that it was about the same size as my own cock, a little bit thinner, but the same length, and a size she felt was perfect both for her pussy and her ass. She also felt it would be perfect for my ass; we had done some playing before with toys, but they were all hard plastic and not geared to fit in a harness. So I'd had things in my ass, up to a point, but I'd never been fucked. We started out with Selene behind Pam, fucking her, practicing her stroke while Pam took my cock in her mouth. we'd been at it for a few hours by now, and I felt like I could go all night; my stamina is usually pretty good, and that night I was on top of my game. I tend to pride myself on good control, and I figured I was doing pretty well. We switched up and had Selene lie on her back so Pam could straddle her, in a sort of reverse cowgirl position, and I moved between Pam's legs and slid inside her as well; it took a while, but we got me and the dildo inside Pam's pussy, worked out how to alternate strokes instead of filling her up and leaving her empty. that was a new thing for me - Selene and I had done it with a vibrator, just the two of us, but this was something entirely new. The best of the new, however, was yet to come, as was I. 

Once Selene had gotten her stroke down practicing on Pam, it was time for the big event. Laughing, they pushed me down; my cock was as hard as it's ever been, and Selene knelt between my legs and stroked the jelly dildo, slickened it up with lube while Pam stroked my cock, keeping it hard with one hand while she probed my asshole with the other, circling the hole with one slick finger, pressing inside, both of them watching me push my ass toward her finger, trying to take her deeper. Then Pam took the head of the dildo in her hand and guided it to my hole. I lifted up and Selene pushed forward, and I gasped. The head was almost in, and I could feel the ridged knob coming deeper into me. I slowed down, breathing in gasps, and moved down the shaft of the thing in tiny, exquisitely sensitive increments. Pam took my cock into her mouth and flicked the head with her tongue as I tried simultaneously to push deeper into her mouth and slide farther onto the dildo. I let out a loud moan as the head finally popped inside my tight ring and Pam engulfed my cock at the same time.

After that it was easy--the head is the hard part, as any experienced ass-fucker will tell you, and soon Selene was sliding in long, even strokes into me, with Pam kissing me all over, stroking my cock back to its full erection, as it had deflated some while I was concentrating on getting that cock inside me, and preparing for the final act, the one I had been waiting for the entire time. When I was as hard as I was going to get, Pam rolled a condom onto my cock and swung a leg over me so that she was straddling me in front of Selene, who was still inside me.

Selene reached between her legs and poised my cock so that the head was right between Pam's cunt lips, and then said "Go ahead." Pam sank down onto me, taking all of my cock in one long, smooth rush. She leaned well forward so that her breasts were dangling in my face, teasing my lips, and so that Selene could have the best access to my ass and the best view of her pink cock sliding into me, inches from where the shaft of my own was buried deep inside Pam. Selene reached down and fingered Pam's asshole as well, making her shudder on my cock.

I could barely move; the pleasure was so intense and so dizzying that all I could do was lie there twitching, while Selene drove into me and Pam impaled herself on my cock, which felt to me like stone. I strained to accommodate both of them, and it wasn't at all long before I was entirely out of control and on the ragged edge of coming. They had both slowed to a crawl, enjoying the effect it was having on me. I don't usually make much noise, and I'm told I usually look pretty unconcerned - I'm not one for groaning and making faces just for effect, but I was groaning, making faces, twitching, totally under their spell and totally out of my head. Selene slapped Pam's ass and said "Let's really fuck him, baby," and they both started to move faster at once, hitting a rhythm that drove me crazy and over the edge.

I cried out, I screwed up my face, I said "ffffuuuuuuuuuuuck!" in a long hissing exhalation that started quiet as I tried for the last time to control myself and ended in wordless groans and cries as I pumped a night's worth of come into Pam while she slammed up and down on my cock with Selene fucking me hard in the same rhythm, squeezing my balls with one hand and slapping Pam's ass with the other. I was practically screaming as they kept it up even after my orgasm had slowed to the point where I was painfully sensitive, and didn't stop until Selene fell away backward, having had an orgasm herself from the other end of the dildo rubbing against her clit, and Pam lifted herself up and withdrew me from her pussy, taking the condom with her. Her tight pussy pulled it off my cock and its freight came rushing out, coating my cock and balls and dripping down my ass to run over my asshole. Selene came back up to lick it, and she and Pam came together over my come-drenched dick to kiss each other, lick each other's faces, and coat themselves with my juice.

If I hadn't had my head propped up on a pillow, I wouldn't have seen it, wouldn't have had the strength to lift my head. I was as exhausted and limp as I have ever been, my entire lower body quivering, my knees not just weak but jelly, and puffing like a steam train, covered in sweat and come, eyes barely open. It took me fifteen minutes before I was able to pull myself into the bathroom, both of them alternately laughing at me and helping me along.

After another fifteen minutes of sitting slumped on the toilet, I mustered up the strength to haul myself into the shower, where the two of them joined me and washed me down. That may have been the only circumstance in my life when two buxom naked redheads, slippery with soap and hot water, caressing me and washing me down, talking wickedly of what they were going to do to me, could have failed to get me hard, but it did fail. It wasn't long, though, before we were all back in action. A wee nap, some soup, and we were off again...