 Pt 4--Three days earlier, Wiley met Joe and then Tony. Now, Wiley decides to join the party at Joe's.---

It was Saturday night and the Peachtree Bar was dull. There were no horny single women and the groups were all cliques. The women seemed to enjoy talking to each other more than the single guys.

I felt like I had a big "L" branded on my forehead for loser. I couldn't make eye contact and twice I was rejected for a dance. 

I left rejected and blue. I cranked the old '56 Chrysler pushed the drive button and drove away feeling like an ugly duckling.

When I got home, I was surprised to see a note on my door from Joe. He wanted me to drop by and join the party.

Oh great, I'm picked up by queers but no pussy. What the heck, I was thirsty so I picked up some rolled reefers and walked over.

The house was lit up. I couldn't tell how many people were inside. I grinned and wondered just how many vampires were there, I don't know. 

I walked in and was surprised to see quite a few women were there. Well, this might not be so bad after all.

People stared at me for a moment and I felt a little awkward at first. 

There was a group in the dining room pouring beer from a tapped keg into plastic cups. I went in there and lit up a joint, took a deep drag and offered it to the person blocking the keg. 

He took a drag and said it was some good stuff as he coughed. Some more awkward moments passed until I gradually got to the keg, found a new cup and poured a full beer.

I found a quiet area and sat down to enjoy the beer, a good buzz and some jazz playing on Joe's stereo. 

A couple came inside the room and sat on the couch where Joe and Tony took turns fucking my ass three days earlier. 

I smiled a big white toothy grin and waved at her and she said hello. Skinny dude ignored me. 

She was a medium build girl with auburn hair and she obviously plucked her eyebrows or she would have a unibrow. 

That made me smile bigger. I almost giggled. I lit up another doobie and offered it her way. She jumped at it hard pulling in the sweet smoke into her lungs. 

The skinny man she was with apparently knew everything. He wouldn't shut up for a second. 

She passed the joint to skinny dude who just puffed and kept right on talking. I had to interrupt and say don't bogart that joint dude. She giggled and he acted annoyed. I wanted to knock him out but I just smiled instead.

The girl looked at me smiling back at her and she smiled back. The next time she looked at me, I winked at her and her face lit up a little awed.

They got up and disappeared somewhere and Joe saw me. He moved quickly over and pulled me up from the chair. I was a little stoned by then.

"I want you meet some people," he said.

We walked around for a while sharing the doobie and I saw one girl with a sweet set of tits. I'm not sure about her face.

Most of Joe's friends were snobs. They asked questions like "where do you go to school" or "do you have a big house like Joe."

I was quickly bored with the introductions. I probably would never see these people again anyway. I finished my beer and like always, one beer isn't enough.

The auburn haired beauty appeared behind me at the keg and she introduced herself as Julie. Then Joe told her that I was the young man he met recently. She really beamed at that but I was a little embarrassed. 

What did Joe tell her about that meeting? I shared the remainder of the doobie with her again.

It turns out that Julie was Joe's steady girlfriend. Geez, go figure.

"Do you like pussy, " she snided.

"I love pussy," I replied. 

"He has a real fat cock, Julie, you would like it," Joe said matter of fact.

Well I stuck around making small talk and started to leave when Julie grabbed my arm and whispered that she wanted me to go upstairs with her. 

"Joe says its Ok to fuck you," she confessed.

So off we went up the stairs to a large bedroom. We entered the room to find another couple half naked making out. This didn't bother Julie; she just said good as we entered. 

Julie pulled her dress over her head to reveal firm white tits with jutting dark nipples. Then she peeled her panties down revealing a dark Venus mound. I hesitated a moment but then quickly followed her lead and we got on the bed. 

Her pussy was already soaking wet but I loved to eat pussy and moved down to inhale her pungent aroma. Later I wondered if she fucked skinny dude and laughed.

My cock was semi hard as my face found her pussy lips and began an assault with my mouth. 

She raised her knees up and her inner thighs closed around my ears. I was deaf and smothered in her sweet pussy for several minutes until my hard tongue found her clit and began a steady furious rhythm of beating it. 

I could feel her clit getting harder and her hips bucked under my sucking mouth.

She cried out louder and louder. The couple in the room stopped to watch us. Julie came and her juice squirted in my mouth and on the bed and her inner thighs beat on the side of my head. It was a flow of some power. 

I heard someone in the room say wow he can really eat pussy; it sounded like Joe. 

Julie was spent but my cock was rock hard and I mounted her with one plunge. My cock was buried in her very wet slick channel. She bucked under me and after three or four minutes of hard pounding she came again. 

She was surprised that my cock was still hard. I rolled off of her on my back and she quickly mounted my cock. She bucked back and forth until she came again. Several times I felt I was close but still no cum. 

Then I saw Joe watching us He was naked and Julie grabbed his long cock and was pulling on it with her right hand while riding me like a pony. 

"Whew, this boy has made me cum three times and he just won't cum," she said out loud.

Joe suggested that she should mount my face with her pussy and suck my cock in a 69 fashion. She agreed and soon her pussy was on my mouth and my nose squarely in her bung hole. 

I could smell her tangy poop hole stuck in my flared nostrils. She leaned down and began sucking my cock. I noticed Joe had a hard on. His left hand was stroking his 9 inch cock.

I felt someone lifting my legs up and then Julie held my legs back while Joe kneeled at my ass directing his large cock to my ass hole. 

I could feel the soft head prodding between my cheeks. My hands held my cheeks apart as his big cock nestled in my anal ring. 

Julie had a powerful hold of my ankles under her arms bending my legs up and lifting my ass up while she sat on my face.

The head of his cock was wet with lube and in a few short jabs; his long cock was half way up my ass. 

"Hmmmpppfff," I mumbled under the folds of Julie's wet pussy. Occasionally I could breathe through my nose and inhale her ass. My cock was suddenly throbbing and the fullness within my ass hole was sweet pressure. 

Joe wasted no time in a steady pistoning within my tight sheath. My ass hole and rectum was a perfect glove for his cock. 

He was up to his balls and then he began a steady fucking with his balls slapping on my bottom. Julie began a motion back and forth on my mouth and I sucked hard on her clit. 

Joe gripped my cock and was fist fucking it like a handle of a floor shifter in time with his thrusts. I could feel the spasms in my cock and I felt my cum boiling up to my pump rod.

It seemed like a long time because Joe was hitting my sweet spot with every stroke and suddenly I was spurting jets of cum in the air. 

Most of the cum went on Julie by direction of Joe's hand and a little on my stomach.. It kept on spurting till the well was dry and still my cock spasmed every time Joe thrust in me. 

Julie pushed her cunt up and down over my face and I also licked her bung hole. 

Julie cried out that she was cumming and then Joe said he was cumming. 

Julie's cunt flowed like a cup of sweet jism over my face and in my mouth. I think I felt Joe's cock spurt in my ass. 

Julie fell off my face on the bed and I started breathing again. Joe pulled his spent cock from my butt. We all laid there catching our breath, and then we started giggling. 

Julie was very vocal when she said how great it was. I have to agree, it was better than great.

I smelled her tangy dung in my nose for several days after that and I liked it. I fantasized about fucking her in her ass some day.