 I was a divorced bi 54 year old white guy and shortly after my divorce I met Julie. She was in her mid-forties, blonde, petite with still perky breasts. She worked out regularly and was in fine shape. Like me she was divorced. We had dated for several months and I was having dinner at her house. The wine flowed freely throughout the meal and we were a bit tipsy. 

I helped her with the dishes and as soon as that was done, we fell into each other's arms and soon adjourned to the bedroom. Our clothes came off in a heartbeat and I began to run my hands all over her body while we kissed. My lips soon travelled south, as I sucked her nipples which are exceptionally large and extremely sensitive. My hands were exploring her vagina and she was very wet. I lubricated my finger with her juices and began to play with her love button. I kissed my way down to her pussy and began to lick it, savoring the taste of her juices. I wrapped my tongue around her clit and inserted a finger into her pussy and began to finger fuck her. After a bit, I inserted a second finger and began to suck her clitoris and started to rapidly move my fingers in and out of her dripping pussy. I sensed that she was close to orgasm so I took my fingers from her vagina and swiftly stuck one finger in her ass. This always drives her over the top and she screamed as her body shook when she came. I pushed my cock deep in her love tunnel and furiously rammed my cock into her. My cock was dripping pre-cum already and it didn't take long for me to pump a huge load. 

We lay on the bed, Julie's head resting on my chest while she fondled my balls. She told me that she loved having sex with me and said she didn't have a very good sex life with her ex-husband. She only had one boy friend before me in the 4 years since she had divorced. The sex wasn't very good with him either. After they broke up, she had a fling with another woman. This was a surprise to me. Julie said that she really enjoyed lesbian sex but she could not see having a romantic relationship with a woman. I asked her if she still fooled around with women and she admitted that she did from time to time. Feeling the effects of too much wine, I told her that I pretty much felt the same - I had sex with men but looked to women for romance. 

"What the fuck did I just do," I thought. I feared I had blown my relationship with Julie. Quite the contrary, my revelation excited her. She wanted to know what I did with men and said the idea that I was bisexual was a fantastic turn-on. I told her that I had tried both the top and bottom roles but generally preferred to be fucked. I didn't tell her how often I met with guys nor did I tell her that I had been gang-banged on two occasions and loved it. I was afraid that might scare her off.

Julie smiled at me and said, "so, you like being fucked?" I told her I did. She sat up in bed and said, "wait here for a minute, I have a surprise for you." With that, she got out of bed and disappeared into her walk-in closet. 

"Close your eyes!" she called out from inside the closet. I complied, wondering what she had in mind. "Open them!" she said standing next to the bed wearing a thick, 8 inch strap-on dildo. My eyes could not quite believe what I saw, my petite 5'-2" girl friend wearing an enormous cock. "I am going to fuck you, turn over!" I obeyed thinking this could be the best of both worlds, a sexy woman who would give me the ass poundings I craved. 

Julie had brought some KY jelly and she proceeded to lube my ass with it. She also used her fingers to explore my nether regions under the pretext of lubing me. I was excited and nervous - wondering what this meant for our relationship. I didn't have much time to ponder this since Julie attacked my ass with the dildo in short order. I think it surprised her that it went in so easily since I have taken bigger cocks in my ass before. She quickly buried her "cock" deep inside me and began pounding away. I could not believe my petite girl friend could generate such power. She banged my ass relentlessly and I loved every minute of it. It went on for a long time and I had an out of body experience. It was the most erotic thing that had ever happened to me. Julie enjoyed it too. "Your ass is mine for now and forever!" she claimed. I wondered what I had gotten myself into.

Julie turned out to be a vigorous fucker. She jackhammered my ass and the pressure of the base of the strap-on against her pussy gave her another orgasm. I came close to having one myself from the ass pounding she gave me. We were both totally spent after that. We fell asleep with me holding her in my arms.

It was clear to me the next morning that our relationship had changed dramatically. Julie informed me that my ass belonged to her and that she would take it whenever and wherever she wanted. I was very apprehensive about her meaning.

The following weekend I went to her house for dinner again. To my surprise another fellow was also having dinner with us. Julie introduced me to Sal, her work colleague. He was quite good-looking, tall, well proportioned, with dark hair and piercing green eyes. Sal looked to be about 40, somewhat younger than Julie and much younger than me. You could cut the sexual tension with a knife. I knew Julie was up to something. After dinner, we settled in the living room for after dinner drinks. Julie excused herself for a few minutes and returned wearing a very sexy outfit - see-through teddy with a bustier highlighting her perky boobs. She was also wearing an even bigger strap-on dildo than we played with the week before.

Julie pointed her finger at me and demanded "strip, now!" I was both incredibly aroused and very scared. My arousal overcame my nervousness and I quickly discarded my clothes. "On your knees!" she demanded and I complied somewhat reluctantly. Sal walked over to me and dropped his pants revealing a thick 9" cock. "Suck him!" Julie commanded. Apprehensively, I opened my mouth and started to suck. "I love seeing you with a huge cock in your mouth!" Julie said, "it turns me on so much." I was getting into feasting on Sal's cock. We paused while Sal got out of his clothes and Julie said we should all go to the bedroom.

Julie had me get on all fours on the bed with my head at the edge. Sal stood in front of me and I resumed sucking his wonderful cock. Julie got behind me and began applying lube to my asshole. She worked first one and the two fingers in me preparing my ass for the dildo. It hurt quite a bit at first as she slowly penetrated me with the big dong. Finally, she buried it deep inside me and the pain began to recede. Slowly, Julie began to fuck me. I loved being filled at both ends. Sal's cock tasted great and I could tell he was getting close so I moved my mouth up and down on his dick faster and faster. Sal started fucking my mouth and his cock soon erupted. I didn't miss a drop. Julie stopped fucking me and demanded that I show her the cum in my mouth. She kissed me and we shared Sal's cum. 

Julie took the strap on off and told Sal to fuck me. It turns out Sal was Julie's gay friend. His cock invaded my ass and I felt stuffed. Julie lay on the bed in front of me with her legs spread and demanded that I eat her pussy. I was more than happy to oblige. I had sucked cocks while being fucked but I had never licked a pussy with a cock in my ass.

Sal gave me a real pounding and he lasted quite a while since he had already cum. Julie came several times from my oral attention before Sal pumped a big load into my ass. Julie then ordered me to lick Sal's cock clean, a task I enjoyed immensely. 

Sal told us he really enjoyed the experience and would love a return engagement. Julie smiled and said "that can be arranged." Sal and I exchanged contact information and he left us alone. Julie looked at me and said "are you up for giving me a good fucking?" 

"Of course," I replied and inserted my rigid hard-on into her dripping pussy. She was so excited by the evening's festivities that it didn't take her long to reach another orgasm. I pumped an enormous load into here pussy shortly thereafter. We cuddled and were soon asleep. I woke the following morning with a sore ass and some amazing memories.