 It's late and I'm on my own in a dark deserted cinema, watching some hot film. The movie is making me feel quite turned on when I feel something warm and moist on my neck. I realise that a guy has slipped quietly into the seat behind me and is now leaning forward and gently kissing my neck and nibbling my ear. I have no idea who it is but it feels good and I moan softly under my breath.

I feel his fingers gently stroking my throat. They gradually move down into my cleavage and before I know what's happening the buttons on my blouse have been undone. For some reason I'm not wearing a bra and I can feel his hand moving inside the light cotton material and cup my breasts.

By this time I have my eyes closed and I'm revelling in his touch as his fingertips trace lightly over my nipples making them stand out like bullets. My blouse is now fully open and draping off my shoulders exposing my chest to the darkness.

Then I feel another hand on my knee and I realise that my intimate stranger is not alone. He has a friend who is now sitting in the seat next to me and is running his hand up the inside of my thigh underneath my wraparound skirt. I look over at him but the light is too dim to make out his features. I know I should resist but their touch is giving me too much pleasure in my already excited state to do anything except enjoy the sensation.

His hand reaches the top of my thigh and brushes against the damp material of my panties as I start to feel an orgasm building. I reach behind me and run my fingers through the hair of the man behind me. I grip him tightly as I climax.

As I recover I realise that my skirt has been untied and now lies as open as my blouse. The man next to me pulls my panties aside and lowers his head into my lap. I feel my legs open of their own volition and I feel his tongue slowly exploring my slit, finding my inflamed clit and circling it.

The kissing on my neck stops, and I feel the man behind me stand up. As he gets to his feet the hand that was in his hair slides down his muscular body and comes to rest on his waistband. I turn my head to the side and I can feel the hard bulge in his crotch pressing into my cheek. I undo the button and slide down the zipper, letting his trousers fall to the floor so that only the soft material of his underwear separates me from his throbbing cock. I kiss the tip through the cloth and I can feel the wetness of his precum against my lips.

He roughly pulls down his briefs and his manhood springs back into my face. I touch it with my fingers and hear myself gasp, I can hardly get my hand around it it's so thick. I lean further back and lap my tongue over his smooth balls. I move my tongue slowly up the underside of his prick until I reach the engorged head. I love the salty taste of his precum as I take him into my eager mouth and hold him there, savouring him. I have to open my mouth to its widest position to accommodate him, and I have to swallow furiously to stop from gagging as he slides purposefully into my throat.

By this time the other man has removed my panties and is now on his knees in front of me with his face buried in my pussy. He has two fingers sliding in and out of my cunt and it’s driving me wild.

He gets to his feet and I feel two pairs of strong arms lift me up and turn me over so I am kneeling on the seat facing that gorgeous thick cock. I can see it in the faint glow coming from the screen and it looks even larger than I had imagined, ten inches at least, it looks like the most beautiful cock I have ever seen. I feel another cock pushing into my snatch, forcing me forward. I open my mouth to take the first prick back into my throat.

Both men are now thrusting into me as I come again in a powerful orgasm that has me practically screaming around the dick buried in my throat. I no longer care whether the auditorium is empty or not. Behind my closed eyelids I picture it full to capacity and that everyone has turned to look at me, writhing on my seat, allowing myself to be fucked so wantonly by these complete strangers, and I love it.

The man in front of me begins to moan and I can sense that he is about to come. With one hand I reach round behind him and pull him even deeper into me, while with the other I reach underneath and stroke his balls. I feel them start to tighten and I move my hand further back and slide a finger into his ass. I hear him gasp and his come starts to gush into my mouth in powerful spurts. He pulls out and continues to spray jets of hot come over my face and tits. I feel the cock between my legs pull out, and more come streams over my ass and back as he shoots his load all over me.

I kneel there with my eyes still closed feeling their spunk slowly dripping down my body, pooling in the small of my back, and running down the curve of my breasts to drip from my nipples. The taste of semen in my mouth is strong and sweet, and sticky rivers ooze down my cheeks and chin.

I open my eyes to find I am alone in the near darkness - my lovers have had their fill of me and left. The film ends and as the house lights come up, I grab my skirt and blouse, dressing rapidly before anyone comes in and sees my nakedness. My clothes stick to me and I can feel come trickling down my thighs as I hurry out, but I stop to pick up a leaflet on the way - I wonder what's showing tomorrow night...