 "I don't understand it," Gem said with growing irritation. She checked her watch for the tenth time in three minutes. "The girls should have been here by now."

"Relax, baby," Ron purred in her ear. He had come up behind her as she stood looking out the window, and was now running a hand over her rounded butt cheek through the fabric of the short skirt she was wearing. Gem was five and a half feet tall, with long, honeyed hair, hazel eyes, full breasts and a body well-toned from regular exercise. Ron was a bit taller with blue eyes, brown hair and a beard close cropped to his face. He was lean and in good shape from years of martial arts practice. He leaned in to brush his lips over her neck as he said, "As far as I'm concerned you're the only girl who needs to be here."

"Mmmmm," she murmured as she shifted closer to him, letting the heavy drapery fall over the window. As he kissed her neck, she began to turn around, wrapping her arms around his neck while his slipped around her waist. Their lips met in a warm kiss that quickly escalated in passion. Ron's hand moved again to Gem's butt, pulling her against him, while she pressed herself against him eagerly.

"Maybe you two should get a room," Cal laughed good-naturedly from the couch. 

Smiling, the two lovers reluctantly broke their kiss and turned back to their friends. 

"So, when are we going to play this game you've been talking about for weeks now, Gem?" Nick asked. He was tall and lanky with short black hair and piercing blue eyes.

"Well that's why I'm so impatient for Mindy and Lulu to get here," Gem frowned. "The game won't work with just the four of us."

"Why not?" Cal wanted to know. Cal wasn't as tall as Nick, but had the strong firm body of a weight lifter. His brown eyes and blonde hair gave him a boyish appearence.

Gem laughed, "Trust me."

"Um, no," Nick decided with a smile. "It sounds like you're trying to get out of something here."

"Yeah, lover," Ron nodded, "I don't get it either."

"Ron...!" Gem hissed with exasperation and surprise. "You know what game we're talking about."

"Yeah, but I don't see what the problem is," he shrugged. "What's a little nudity among friends?"

"Nudity?" Cal sat up.

"You know it's not likely to stop there," Gem tried to whisper at Ron, who was taking a seat in the arm chair at the end of the couch.

"There's more than nudity involved?" Nick sat up next to Cal on the couch.

"Which is why we need the other girls!" Gem decided firmly, her feet planted apart and her arms crossed as she stood in front of them on the other side of the big coffee table.

Cal seemed inclined to follow Gem's reasoning. "Where could those girls be?" he asked aloud, checking his own watch.

Nick though looked Gem over from head to toe, his lust apparent to everyone in the room. After a long moment he said, "Are you afraid we'll be too much for you, Gem?"

Gem blushed bright red. Her mouth opened, but no words came out. She turned to Ron for help.

Ron, however, only smiled back at her with a raised eyebrow.

Cal caught on to what was transpiring and decided to weigh in with, "We could be waiting here all night for the other girls, and you did promise us a game, Gem."

"But, but..." Gem managed to get out.

"I have an idea, honey," Ron offered with a mischievous smile. "Why don't we just start the game out and see how it goes?"

Gem looked at him crossly, but didn't object verbally, so he continued, "If we get to that point - you know the one I mean - and you want it to stop, we'll stop. And if the girls show up, they'll have to take a clothing penalty."

"But the game's set up for a more-or-less equal number of men and women," Gem pointed out, obviously happy to have discovered a hole in Ron's plan.

"I think I have that all worked out," Ron answered with a smile. "Why don't you sit down and I'll explain as we go along?"

"Yeah," Cal grinned, "we'll behave."

Gem looked from Ron with the devilish twinkle in his eye to Nick with the lascivious expression on his face, and said, "Sure you will."

Still, she settled down in the chair on the other side of the coffee table, opposite Ron's armchair. 

"Okay," Ron started... "We're each wearing, shirt, slacks, underwear and socks, right?"

The two guys on the couch nodded.

"And, honey, you're wearing your shoes, skirt, panties, top and a bra, right?"

Gem scowled at him, but nodded.

"Since you're outnumbered, I think we should let you keep the one-item advantage, but in the interest of time, we should count shoes and socks as one item together. Is that okay with everybody?"

There was a general murmur of agreement. 

"Okay, now everybody gets two dice." Everyone - Gem last - leaned forward and took a pair of dice from the coffee table. "And try to keep your dice together and on the table, so we can figure out who rolled what. We all roll each turn."

Ron tossed his dice onto the coffee table, and Nick and Cal quickly did the same, getting 4, 6 and 4 respectively. When Gem saw the relatively low rolls the men had gotten, she shook her dice and rolled... getting a 7. She grinned across the table at the three guys.

"Excellent honey! You win! That means you get to take an article of clothing off the loser. But since we had a tie, you get to pick - me or Cal."

She looked at Ron with a smirk that told him she was still miffed at him for getting her into this predicament and then turned to Cal. "What'll it be, Cal?"

"Well, I can do without my socks," he laughed.

Shooting a sidelong glance in Ron's general direction, and ignoring Nick entirely, Gem got up and kneeled in front of Cal. She picked up his left foot and put it up on her thigh as she reached slowly up his leg and then rolled the sock down and pulled it off. She dropped the sock and then took a moment to massage the naked foot. Then she put the left foot back on the floor and took his right foot and put in on her thigh, repeating the slow unsocking. After another brief foot massage, she took her long nails and raked them over the bottom of Cal's foot. He shuddered and then grinned at the other guys.

Tossing her hair a bit, Gem stood up and then took her seat again.

The next round of rolls came out - Ron 6, Nick 5, Cal 4 and Gem 10. Nick shot a look over at Cal and said, "I'm already thinking these dice are loaded."

"I think this was your idea, Nick," Gem pointed out. The beginnings of a smile on her lips.

"Yeah, yeah," Nick chuckled, "get moving. I want to roll again."

"Your shirt, Cal?" Gem asked as she stood up again.

"Sure," he happily agreed. 

"Well, stand up then," she laughed.

Cal quickly complied and stood there grinning as Gem moved up to him and began to slowly unbutton his shirt. As she exposed his chest, she found herself lingering a bit longer, and as she began to tug the shirt out of his pants, she rested the palm of her left hand on his chest. When she reached around him to pull the back of his shirt out, she found herself right up against Cal's muscular torso. She took a deep breath and then lightly kissed his chest. Then, as if suddenly remembering where she was, she stepped back and pulled his shirt down over his arm and dropped it on the floor. Obviously a bit distracted, she returned to her seat.

"Is it just me or is it getting warm in here?" Cal asked as he sat down.

"It's not just you," Ron smiled, watching the increasingly wanton expressions on Gem's face. "Okay, let's roll..."

Ron 7, Nick 7, Cal 9 and Gem 10.

While Gem was taking Ron's socks off and tormenting his feet, which she knew full-well were ticklish, she caught herself looking up to see Nick watching her with ardent passion in his eyes. She felt her temperature rising in response.

Ron 8, Nick 7, Cal 10 and Gem 8.

"Okay, Nick, you have to lose some clothing, but, since Cal's the winner, you'll either have to take it off yourself or have him do it," Ron explained.

"I think I can take my own socks off," Nick chuckled. 

Ron 8, Nick 6, Cal 7 and Gem 6.

"It's about time!" Ron exclaimed. All his cool restraint momentarily forgotten as he almost leapt up out of the armchair and stepped around the coffee table. "What's it going to be, darling?"

Gem smiled up at him and then slowly lifted her foot and extended it toward him. He moved a bit to the side so the other two guys could get a good look at the long, strong muscles of her naked leg, as he gently took her shoe off. His fingers slid over the bottom of her foot, and then he knelt down in front of her to take the other foot in his hand. As he tossed this second shoe aside, he brought her foot up to his mouth and kissed the top of it, then flicked the tip of his tongue out and ran it down to her toes.

Ron 10, Nick 6, Cal 6 and Gem 12.

Gem sat back for a moment and considered her options. "I have to pick one?" she finally asked. 

"We wouldn't want to ... give you too much power," Ron laughed.

"Well, I suppose it's only fair to even things up a bit," Gem said as she got up and stepped around toward Nick's end of the couch. She stood directly in front of Ron's seat as Nick rose to let her undo the buttons of his shirt. Ron cocked his head to the side and reached out to touch Gem's behind, but, contrary to her customary willingness to let him caress her backside, she looked down at him and said, "Honey, it's not your turn."

Laughing a little, Ron withdrew his hand. Nick considered this exchange for a moment and then decided to see how much his turn entitled him to. He reached around and cupped each of her firm buttocks in his hands. Gem smiled up at him, without actually meeting his lustful gaze, and went on unbuttoning his shirt. Though she seemed to be trying to maintain a businesslike attitude, all three guys could see that she was squirming a bit as Nick squeezed her ass in his hands. As she finished getting his shirt out of his pants, Gem kissed Nick's chest, and gave it a playful nip with her teeth.

"I gotta start losing this game," Ron murmured under his breath as Gem stepped over him back to her seat.

Ron 6, Nick 9, Cal 10 and Gem 5.

"Alright!" Cal bounded up and crossed to Gem in two steps. Laughing, she stood up and presented herself for de-blousing. There were no buttons to undo, so Cal moved around behind her and reached around to stand close up against her. His big hands reached around her waist and took hold of the front of her top and slowly pulled it out of her skirt. Cal took his time pulling it out all the way around, then reached back around to start raising it up, exposing her bare belly and then her bra-covered breasts. As he pulled the blouse up over her head and up along her arms, he moved around to stand in front of her. Almost bashfully, he ran a hand over the front of her while he dropped the top to the floor. Gem caught his hand and pulled it back to lay it upon her right breast. She smiled at him and winked, then lightly pushed him back.

Ron 6, Nick 9, Cal 6 and Gem 6.

"I like this game!" Nick said as he got up again and crossed to Gem, who rose to meet him. She turned so that he could easily see the zipper on the back of her skirt. As Nick unzipped the short skirt and started to work it slowly down over her hips, Gem noticed Cal making an adjustment in his lap, and that Ron was obviously "suffering" with a powerful erection. Nick had her skirt down around her ankles then, and took the opportunity to press his lips against her left butt cheek. Gem couldn't help but smile to herself at the effect she was having on these three men. As she stepped out of the skirt, Nick let his hands run up the length of her legs.

Ron 7, Nick 9, Cal 7 and Gem 9.

"Okay, in the case of a double tie, both the losers have to take off a piece of clothing," Ron announced. So, Ron lost his shirt, and Cal lost his pants, leaving the latter sitting in his boxers, which did almost nothing to conceal his advanced state of arousal, which manifested itself in what seemed to be a monstrous erection.

Ron 9, Nick 10, Cal 10 and Gem 6.

"Uh-oh," Gem breathed. She looked straight at Ron, wondering, with a mixture of fear and excitement, at what he would say next.

"Nick and Cal, you're going to have to cooperate and take one item off Gem," Ron smiled without taking his eyes off Gem's.

As he and Cal came around to stand on either side of her, and she slowly got to her feet, Nick asked, "Well, which is it going to be?"

Gem looked at both other them in turn, swallowed hard, then quietly said, "My bra."

As one, they took a half step closer and reached out to touch her. Cal laid his hand on her belly and then quickly moved it up to cup her right breast in his hand, warm through the fabric of her bra. Nick moved his hand up her back first, to find the bra clasp between her shoulder blades. Only when he had that in his fingertips, did he think to move his left hand up to Gem's left breast. Gem's eyes were half closed and a shudder passed through her body as Nick undid the clasp. Manly fingers gently lifted the bra straps off her shoulders and let them hang down against her arms. Then, slowly they withdrew the cups from her full breasts. They both stood admiring her tits for several long seconds, then Nick leaned in and down to kiss her right nipple. Cal immediately followed suit, leaning in over his friend's shoulder to kiss her left nipple. Nick sucked her nipple into his mouth, while Cal flicked his tongue over the other. Gem shuddered from head to toe, and then caught herself on the brink of letting go utterly. She gently pushed the two men away and said, "Time... time to roll again."

Ron 2, Nick 12, Cal 9 and Gem 6.

"No, Nick, that's alright," Ron laughed. (Nick had made no move to get up.) "I can take my own pants off."

Ron 11, Nick 7, Cal 8 and Gem 10.

"Well, this evens things up nicely," Ron observed as Nick, rather hastily, took off his own pants.

Ron 8, Nick 6, Cal 4 and Gem 7.

All eyes turned to Cal, who rather shyly got up and pulled his boxers down, revealing the hardon he'd been sporting since Gem had taken his shirt off early in the game. As he sat down, both Nick and Ron turned to see Gem, her cheeks reddened, reluctantly taking her eyes off Cal's hard cock, which was not quite as long as she'd ... expected, but easily the thickest she'd ever seen.

"Okay, the rules change a bit here, Cal. If he or she is naked the loser has to do what the winner says for one minute, then a minute and a half, then two, et cetera, going up half a minute each time you lose. Unless the winner's Gem, they can't have the loser do anything directly involving them, but they don't have to involve anyone at all. And you can't go over the time limit! And the person who didn't lose can veto anything. Annnnd, until everyone's naked, you can't instruct any penetration... no oral, anal or vaginal. Got it?"

There were nods all around the table, then...

Ron 3, Nick 10, Cal 7 and Gem 9.

"I can't tell you how much I wanted you to get an eleven or twelve just then, honey," Ron said as he stood up. Without the slightest embarassment, he pulled his shorts down and kicked them to the side, his erection (a bit longer than Cal's but not as thick) bobbing out in front of him proudly before he returned to his seat.

Ron 6, Nick 10, Cal 8 and Gem 7.

"Hmmm," Nick sat back and thought for a long moment, looking back and forth between Ron and Gem. Then, as an evil smile crept along his face, he said, "Hand me that watch, Cal."

As he checked the watch for the time, Nick said, "Okay, Ron... get over there on your hands and knees and kiss Gem's feet."

Ron was only too happy to comply, taking each of her feet in his hands and kissing them both on the top and bottom, flicking his tongue over her tiny little toes. 

"Now kiss the insides of her ankles," Nick instructed. "Now kiss your way up along the inside of her right leg... Good. Don't forget to kiss the back of her knee. Slow down a bit, but keep kissing along the inside of her thigh."

Both Nick and Cal were intently watching Gem, who was gripping the arms of her chair tightly and was watching Ron's head between her legs. Soon, he'd gotten all the way up her thigh and she could feel his head pressed against her through the fabric of her panties. She was breathing deeply, ignoring the fact that two other men were sitting close by watching her naked breasts heaving.

"And... Stop!" Nick said with a mischievous grin. "Time's up."

Gem let out a low growl between clenched teeth as Ron gave her leg one last kiss and stood up to go back to his chair.

Ron 3, Nick 7, Cal 3 and Gem 8.

After a pause, Gem asked, "Do I get to tell you both what to do?"

Ron laughed, "I think you're starting to enjoy this, dear. No, you have to pick one or the other."

"But if you pick Ron he has to go for a minute and a half," Nick pointed out.

"Shut up!" Cal laughed. He was sitting on the edge of the couch, anxious to do Gem's bidding.

"Well, Ron's teased me enough for right now. Why don't you come over here and rub my neck and shoulders for a minute, Cal?"

Cal moved over immediately to do as she asked, as Ron said, "Awww, that's not very naughty at all!"

"Mmmmm, but it feels so good!" Gem sighed contentedly as Cal rubbed her muscles.

Ron 7, Nick 8, Cal 12 and Gem 7.

"Okay, let me get this straight," Cal paused, obviously for humorous effect, "I can either have Ron do something for a minute and a half or take off Gem's panties, right?"

Ron and Nick both laughed, while Gem squirmed ever so slightly in her chair. 

Without waiting for an answer, Cal moved over to stand in front of Gem, his thick cock bobbing in front of her face. "This will be easier if you stand up," he said, with something of a smirk.

Her eyes on his penis, Gem stood up in front of Cal. Then she looked up at him, smiled and nodded slightly. He slowly bent his knees... pausing to plant a light kiss on each of her breasts ...and knelt in front of Gem. He ran both hands up the length of the outsides of her legs, slowing along her thighs, and then hooked his thumbs under the thin bands at the sides of her panties. He gradually worked them down over her hips and then down her legs. As he did so, he leaned in and breathed deeply of her rising passion. She put her hand on his head, for balance, as she stepped out of her panties. Cal leaned in a bit further and kissed her neatly trimmed bush, his lips touching the upper reaches of her nether lips. She couldn't help a sigh from escaping her, but then Cal pulled back, for the first time a mischievous gleam in his eyes. As he returned to his seat, Gem stood there naked in front of the men, her fists clenched, and her eyes half closed. Then she collapsed into the chair behind her, legs crossed tightly. Her face was reddened.

Ron 9, Nick 7, Cal 12 and Gem 4.

Now it was Cal's turn to sit back and think for a moment, "I can't have her do anything to myself, and it seems against the spirit of the game to make her take off Nick's shorts..."

"No it doesn't!" Nick jumped in.

Cal laughed and said, "Shut up and keep the time." Then he turned to Gem and said, "Uncross those pretty legs of yours."

"Honey, you have to - it's the rules," Ron prompted.

Gem slowly uncrossed her legs. 

"Good," Cal smiled. "Now scoot up in that chair and spread your legs for us. Mmmmm, nice! Such a pretty pussy."

"Pinch your nipples," Nick said eagerly.

"Hey! It's my turn!" Cal snapped. "Pinch your nipples, Gem."

Both Ron and Nick laughed but never took their eyes off Gem as she slowly reached up an pinched both nipples between her fingers. Her own eyes were moving from man to man.

"Now," Cal continued. "Move your hand down to your pussy. Yes, good. Touch yourself. Spread your lips and show us how wet you are. Nice! Now put a finger inside."

Gem's heart was pounding and her breath was shuddering as she pushed a finger up inside herself as the three men watched. She pressed the palm of her hand against her clit and came close to climaxing right then. Without being told she pushed a second finger into her pussy and began to work it in and out of herself. Her eyes closed and she felt the heat building rapidly.
