 So after the back seat experience with Tara, Rob and Trevor, (See my story "Tight Places") it had been pretty routine. It was back to the grind with school and Trevor and I had hung out a few more times and slept together, but nothing noteworthy. Tara had gotten a job on campus and I had not been seeing too much of her with our busy class schedule. So when an evening became available when both of us had no plans we jumped at the chance to do something. Being boorish, we had decided to go over to Rob's and hang out. 

We showered after a day of classes and Tara threw on a jean skirt and a black tank. I was kind of surprised; she had actually put on a bra and panties, something that was quite rare for her. I put on a white sheer thong and slid a pair of form fitting jeans over my hips. Wearing a matching strapless bra, that was clearly see thru, allowing my pink nipples to be visible, I pulled on a pink halter top that stopped just at the top of my jeans. With any movement, my midriff was visible. 

We loaded up into Tara's car and headed over to Rob's. He lived off campus in a house with a couple of Fraternity brothers. I was expecting to spend the night hanging out with a bunch of drinking game playing drunken frat boys, which wouldn't be too bad actually. Too my surprise, we arrived and it was just Rob, drinking a beer and watching TV. I was somewhat relieved as I would appreciate a calm evening. Rob got us both a beer and we all took positions on the couch. 

Rob was sitting by the left arm and I the right. Tara had plopped herself down on Rob's lap and scooted him over just a bit so her ass fit between his leg and the arm rest, sitting sideways, she laid her legs across his, teasingly poking me with her two inch black heels. I kicked my flip flops off and crossed my legs on the coffee table. Rob had rested his beer by his leg and his right hand had found itself tracing up and down Tara's legs, every trace moving closer to her panty covered crotch. 

Not wanting to get finger banged right there in front of me, Tara kicked her legs off of Rob and stood up, suggesting we order some food. While waiting for the food, we slurped down a couple more beers and as the food showed up, the idea of shots began floating around. So much for my relaxing evening. We finished eating and spent some time hanging out in the kitchen. We took a round of shots and the glasses and tequila bottle found its way to the coffee table as we sat back down on the couch. 

Rob mentioned playing a game of strip poker, but I suggested that trying to explain the game to a couple of half drunk giggling girls would be more difficulty than it was worth. He didn't seem convinced and it was obvious he just wanted to see two drunk naked chicks in his living room. I met him half way and suggested black jack, simple, and quicker. We decided shoes and jewelry didn't count as articles to be removed. With just three of us, there was probably gonna be some quick nakedness. We had agreed that once you lost all your clothes, you could buy them back by doing a dare of some sort, though we hadn't quite designated what kind of dares. 

Rob got a deck of cards as Tara and I brought a few fresh beers out to the coffee table. Rob sat on the couch and dealt onto the table. Tara and I sat on the floor across from Rob. We played a couple of hands to warm up then decided it was betting time. Rob had one all the warm up hands, so it wasn't looking good for Tara and I. The first business round was dealt and I had a queen ace and instantly screamed in triumph. Tara pulled her black tank over her head, revealing her perky B cup tits being pushed up by a red lace bra, that appeared too small for her as her cleavage was overflowing. Rob stood up and unlatched his belt. Unbuttoning the front, his shorts dropped to the floor, exposing his gray boxer briefs. Providing a nice outline of his cock, Tara let out a excited giggle. 

 "I bet we're gonna have that hard before you loose your boxers." She told him as she reached across the table and patted his cock. Rob just shrugged and sat back down.   



The next hand was dealt and Rob quickly busted drawing a ten when he had fourteen. Tara had a seventeen and stayed and I won again with an eighteen. Rob pulled his green and white polo over his head revealing a white undershirt. 

 "Now that's just cheating." I told him. 

 "No, we said shoes and jewelry didn't count. If bra's count, then so do undershirts." 



He had me, but I guess I was just anxious in seeing him in nothing but his briefs. Tara stood up and turned to face away from Rob. She bent completely ninety degrees at her waist and slowly slid her short jean skirt over hear rear end, revealing a matching red lace thong. The thong also looked a tad too small as the thin strip of fabric covering her surely ever moistening pussy lips covered just her slit, allowing us to see each side of her lips. I swore I could see Rob lick his lips, probably knowing he would be eating and spreading those rosie lips later. Tara paused as the top of the skirt reached the bottom of her cheeks. She pulled the skirt forward causing her thighs to squeeze in and push the cheeks of her ass up. She let go of her skirt, causing it to slide down her legs as she stood up. Tara cupped the bottom of each cheek and bounced her cheeks in unison up and down, giving Rob a hot little tease. Tara stepped her heeled feet out of the skirt and turned her ass to face me. Bending ninety degrees again she picked up her skirt, pushing her ass into my face. Being a little tipsy, I gave a gentle slap with both hands, one on each side of her ass. As she stood back up holding the skirt with one hand, she arched her back and reached back with her other hand. She grabbed the top of my head and pulled me into her as. With my nose smacking right into the fabric covering the warm bloom of her asshole, I felt a bit of excitement surge through my panties. I stuck my tongue out and jiggled my head back and forth giving her a playful hinny tonguing.  



After letting out a moan, then giggling, Tara pushed my head away as I started to giggle. I could see that I had left a little damp impression on the thin strip of material covering her rose bud. Tara tossed her skirt to Rob and sat back down. She told Rob to pour a round of shots. Tara dealt the next hand of cards as Rob poured. Taking the shot, I felt the alcohol shoot straight to my head and a second, thrilling excitement exploding within my tantalizing pussy lips. I was begging myself to start loosing the hands so I could loose my clothes. All of a sudden I wanted nothing more than to be completely naked and on display with a swollen wet pussy for Tara and Rob to stare at, and maybe, hopefully do more with. We have all had sex while watching each other before, but would she share her man? Would she eat me out, or let me lick her pussy? Or would I just end up masturbating on the floor while watching Rob banging Tara's gooey pussy to orgasm? 



Rob snapped me out of my erotic day dream as he slammed his shot glass down and told me to flip my card. I had fifteen. This could go either way. Tara had eighteen and Rob was left with ten. I took a card and busted, YES I screamed to myself. Rob took several cards and he too busted. We both lost. Rob pulled off his undershirt exposing his slightly above average muscular physique. Knowing my bra was completely see thru, I decided to hold out and drop trowel first. I stood up, and as Tara had done, bent over ninety degrees as I slid my pants over my ass cheeks. I wiggled my butt to help me out of my tight jeans, but Tara couldn't help herself and grabbed my pants and ruined my little tease by quickly pulling them down to my knees. I picked up a foot and offered it to Tara and she assisted by removing my pant leg. Setting it down and offering her the other foot, she removed the remained of my jeans. I stood there facing Rob as I neatly adjusted the front of my thong, the sheerness allowing a nearly unobstructed view of my ever swelling, heated, hairless mound. 

 "Looks just like I remember." He smirked. 



Tara gave him a quick glare as I pulled the front fabric to the side, giving him a quick unobstructed flash. As I pulled the fabric away, it felt as though my leaking juices had clung to my panties. Rob smiled as he could see my juices glistening and he knew that Tara had missed it. I recovered myself and ran my hand down the front of my thong to check for any wet spots. I had not started to milk through the sheer fabric, though I knew it wouldn't be much longer before I would be dripping through the fabric. 

I sat back down and the next hand was dealt. Rob had blackjack! Tara and I never even looked at our cards. Staying seated, she unsnapped her bra and teasingly slid it down one shoulder at a time. With the shoulder straps free, she held it up with one arm across her chest. Slowly she let her arm fall, with the bra following. Tara's tits bounced up, both pink nipples fully erect. Tara tossed her bra to the floor as she adjusted her seating so her knees were bent and she was seated on her feet. I grabbed the bottome of my top and slowly slid it over my head, exposing my see thru bra. My nipples were visible as if there was no bra there at all and it was obvious that my nipples were hard as well. I tossed my top to the floor as I sat there in my panties and bra.

The next hand was dealt and Rob won again. Tara turned and sat on her ass and layed on her back. She stuck her legs straight up in the air and asked me to help her. I leaned over and took ahold of her thong and slowly pulled it over her ass, as she arched up to let it slide from under her. I slowly slid the thong up her smooth legs and over her heels. As I held her thong, still laying on her back, she completley spread her legs and gave me a clear view of her moist mound. Rob leaned forward on the couch to see over the coffee table. As she reached full spread, I could see her lips slightly part and the juices seeping within her were visble. I could see that Tara's thoughts were very similar to my own. She quickly snapped her legs back together and sat back up. Again, with her knees bent and sitting on her feet, she kept her legs slightly spread as she faced the coffee table, maybe in order to slip a hand between her thighs to tease her wettness when she thought no one was looking. Tossing her panties to Rob, I reached behind my back and unsnapped my strapless bra, quickly letting it fall to my lap and tossing it aside as my perky breasts felt the fresh air. I ran my hand over my breasts and felt my hard nipples flick between my fingers.

Leaning up on her knees, Tara reached for the tequila bottle on the coffee table. As she started to pour another round of shots, I had a clear view of her pink snatch from behind. I took the opportunity to plant a firm slap on her ass cheek and giving a little grab as my hand met her flesh. Letting out a quick moan and spilling a little bit of the tequila, she set the bottle down and reached her hand between her legs and grabbed her cheek. Slowly sliding her hand back between her legs, she paused at her lips and gently pressed in, giving herself a little release before reaching back to the bottle and finishinig pouring the shots. I leaned up to the table and reached for my glass as Rob grabbed his. Tara quicly pushed my hand away from the table and said we weren't drinking from the glass. She guided me down to my back as she picked up a glass. She poured the shot into my belly button, with a little tequila spilling over each side of my toned stomach. Spreading my legs with her hands, she leaned in and sucked the tequila from my belly, then traced each trail of spilt liquid down my sides with her tounge, then tracing them back up to my belly button. She grabbed my arms and pulled me back up. She laid back and motioned for me to get the other glass. With her legs spread, she took the glass from my hand and poured it onto her belly button. She sucked her stomach in, causing the excess liquid to run up her stomach toward her breasts. Kneeling between her legs, I lowered my head down, just inches from her wet parted lips. I could smell the sweet flavor emanating from between her legs as I slowly moved my head up to the shot. I circled her belly button with my warm tounge before sucking the shot off her, then slowly licked up the trail of liquid leading to her breasts. I stopped just short of her breasts and traced my tounge back down her belly, past her belly button and stopped just shy of of the top of her slit. As I stopped, Tara wrapped her legs around me and pulled me onto her. With my face crashing into her chest, she rolled and now I was on my back as she was straddleing me, just below my breasts. Slowly crawling forward, she passed over my face with the warmth of her crotch. My head lifted just slightly, causing my nose to catch on her slit as she slid over my face. She let out a soft moan as she passed over me and helped me sit back up. 

Rob was still sitting on the couch holding his shot waiting for his turn. As Tara began to deal the next round, Rob realized he was not to be included in the body shot round. He quickly took his shot and picked up his cards. Flipping them over, Rob had blackjack again. Tara just tossed her cards back on the coffee table as I did. Finally, I knew I was going to be completely naked in front of them. My heated, wet pussy had been waiting for this. I stood up and faced away from Rob. Bending at my hips, I slowly slid my thong down over my hips. As the fabric came from between my cheeks, I could feel the cool air rush between the warmth of my lips. I slid a hand between my legs and covered my lips as my panties fell to the floor. Rob let out a depressing moan as he realized he would have to wait longer to see my sex. Standing back up and sliding my hand back between my legs, I could feel the wetness on my fingers. I turned around and let Rob and Tara see my hairless mound, glistening with moisture. I felt as if I had just reached a new state of arousal, standing there completely bare, with their eyes on me. I could only imagine what was going through their minds. I knelt back down, bending my knees and sitting on my feet, with my legs slightly spread, as Tara had been.

"We'll what am I suppose to do? I don't have anything left to take off." Tara said.

"You have to do a dare." Rob replied.

Before Rob could suggest a dare, I blurted out, "You have to give him a lap dance."

Rob didn't argue and leaned back into the couch. Tara jumped up, causing her breasts to bounce. She seductivly trotted over to Rob and began dancing in front of him, rubbing her hands up her sides from her hips, then over her breasts, giving her nipples a soft tug as she pulled her hands away from her body. She turned away from Rob, beant at her hips, and leaned towards the coffee table. Rob had an unobstructed view of the lips I had seen just moments before. Tara ran her hands over her ass, grabbing her cheek and softly pulling it to the side, parting her suculent lips. Releasing her cheek and giving it a soft smack, she lowered her ass onto Rob's lap. She began to grind forward and back on Rob's ever swelling cock. With her ass still grinding on Rob's cock, she leaned back, her back to his chest. Wrapping her arms around his head, Rob's hands found their way to Tara's sides, then up and over her breasts. Rob softly massaged her breats as I watched on. I swore I could feel my juices dripping from my slit and falling onto the carpet as my hand made its way between my thighs. I traced up my thighs and began to slowly massage my wet lips and up to my swollen clit as I watched as Tara sat up, turned around and straddled Rob. Rubbing her hard tits in Rob's face, Tara was grinding up and down on Rob's cock, with only the thin cotton fabric of his briefs preventing his cock from plunging between her soaking pussly lips.

Tara pulled her legs up and between Rob's legs. She slid from the couch and onto the floor as she pushed his legs apart. As I continued to rub circles into my clit, I could see that Rob's cock was fully erect and acheing to escape his briefts. Tara had left a sopping trail of juices on the front of Rob's briefs. Tara lowered her head to his crotch and rubbed her face on his hard shaft. Pulling the elastic waistband down, Rob's cock sprung out and was standing at full attention. Tara tucked the waistband under his balls as she took his shaft into her hand. Running her other hand up, then down his chest, Tara's lips parted and Rob's swollen shaft disapeared into her mouth. Sliding her mouth back to the top of his cock, she traced circles on the head of Rob's dick as she stroked his shaft. By now, two fingers had made their way to my down, spreading my lips and had begun pluning in and out of my wet hole. I was biting my lip to stay quiet as Tara began bobbing up and down on Rob's shaft. Rob had his head leaned back onto the cushon of the couch with he eyes closed. I leaned forward and began riding my own hand as my fingers slipped in and out of my pussy. I felt myself nearing orgasm and secretivly increased the momentom of my hips pumping up and down on my fingers. Feeling my pussy contracting, I again bit my lip to keep from letting my verbal excitment escape me. As my orgasm exploded, it felt like I had juices just splashing around inside me and down on to my hand as my fingers were holding my reddening lips open. As my orgasm subsided, I slid my fingers past my lips and left my hand between my legs, contomplating my next move.

Tara was still giving Rob's cock all the attention it could handle and was now sucking on the head of his member as she stroked the shaft. All I could think about was crawling over and lying between her legs and letting her lower her lips onto my tongue. Or I could crawl over and replace her mouth with mine and I could suck the cum out of Rob as she stroked his cock. But what if she got offended or jealous of me sucking her man off? Or what if she didn't want to be eaten out by a girl? Sure she did some bi-curious teasing, but what is she wasn't into full on girl/girl sex? Getting my nerve, made my way to my hands and knees and slowly crawled around the coffee table. In order to lie between her thighs, I would have to move the table, which might be a little awkward and take the attention away from Rob's cock, so I decided I would assist in milking Rob. Cautiously I crawled next to her, not sure if she would stop me or not. Rob still had his eyes closed as I crawled next to Tara and got to my knees. Still sucking on Rob, Tara's eyes looked over at me. 

Tara lifted her mouth off of Rob's cock and while still holding the shaft, she offered it to me. I leaned up and licked my lips just before sliding Rob's swollen head into my mouth. I bobbed up and down just past the head while Tara continued to slowly stroke his shaft. Tara removed her hand and just as she did, I felt her other hand on the back of my head. She firmly pushed my head down until I had Rob's entirety inside my mouth. A glanced up at Rob's face, just as he opened his eyes and looked down. Realizing his girlfriend was holding my face on his cock, he had a surprised yet excited look on his face. Tara let go of my head and I began to feverously bob up and down adding a twist in the rotation. Tara was slowly tracing the length of my back with one hand as she manipulated her clit with her other. Tracing lower on my back with each pass, quickly she found her way to rubbing my bare cheeks. As I released Rob's cock from my mouth, I began to stroke his shaft as I lowered my head to his balls and tickled them with my tongue. 

Tara had made her way from my cheeks to the slit between my legs and was now tracing down my back and between my cheeks, over the blossom of my ass and lightly grazing my wet, swollen lips. As I got my mouth back to Rob's head, she had managed to slide a finger between my lips and was slowly rubbing the length of my slit, from my clit to my blossom. I found myself surging in and out of Rob's crotch and leaning, putting pressure on Tara's finger, trying to force her finger into me. She quickly picked up on my plan and seemed to be enjoying teasing me. As I began licking up and down Rob's shaft, Tara finally slid her finger deep into my slit, quickly joining it was a second finger. Using her other hand, Tara held my ass cheeks spread as she began to pick up the rhythm of thrusting in and out of my heat. As her pace built, in an attempt to suppress the moans of pleasure, I again delve onto Rob's cock and took him all the way into my mouth. 
