 Nicole had been going on at me for quite a while now about taking her to one of the sleazy amateur strip clubs that I had told her about since talking to some of the guys at the motorcycle club. You see Nicole was a bit of a slut, and was really keen to strip in front of a load of horny guys, especially as I had said they were allowed to touch the strippers as well. Finally I had given in and said I would have another word with the guys to see which was the best strip joint to go to.

That Wednesday at the club after speaking to them I had been told of a couple and one which they had advised me to give a miss as it was really a dump and the clients that went there were usually real rough types and there was always trouble there. I thought if I took Nicole to that one perhaps she would be satisfied.

We went a couple of days later. Nicole had been even more highly sexed since I had told her and had worn me out, wanting to be fucked all the time. Not that I was complaining as she was an attractive lovely women, and one hell of a fuck. As I waited for her in the hall to come down from getting ready I was thinking of what may happen that night, how far Nicole would want to go. My musing was cut short when Nicole appeared at the top of the stairs. Hell, she looked stunning, dressed in a very short tight skirt which just about covered her ass and was split to the waist on one side. When she bent over you could see her tiny red thong panties she was wearing. She had a tight crop top on which her nipples stuck out through as she wasn’t wearing a bra and showed all her flat stomach, and black high heel shoes, her lovely tanned legs naked, just her toes and finger nails painted blood red. All this was finished off with dark eye makeup and ruby red lips. With what she was wearing it was just as well it was a warm evening as we were going on my motorbike.

“God, you look stunning, you sure you want to go out,” I said as I had an instant erection on seeing her. Nicole pouted and laughed, “Yes I do,” she replied. “You better get you jacket and helmet on then and let’s be off before I change my mind,” I replied. Nicole slipped the leather motor cycle jacket on and the helmet and we got on the bike. Christ she looked like one of them gang sluts you see in hells angle films, as all her legs were visible as she hung on to me tight as we sped off.

The club was hard to find as it was on the outskirts in a real rough area of the city. After riding around for a while we found it down an alley way. It was a real sleazy run down looking place. A lot of noise was coming from inside and it sounded as there was a lot of people in there. This was made obvious by the amount of motorbikes, and old cars and vans that were parked in the alleyway and a piece of waste ground alongside.

We went inside, the bouncers on the door eyeing Nicole up and down as we went in. I heard one of them say to the other, “She should go down well,” to which the other replied, “Yes, bet the whore gets a good fucking as well”. They both laughed. The inside looked no better than the outside. The floor was bare with spilt drinks, fag ends and god knows what else, the tables looked no better and the décor was old and tatty. None of this mattered though as all eyes were fixed on the naked blond on stage showing all she had to the crowd of people who were shouting comments to her, with some of the front row reaching out and pawing the girls legs and anything else they could grab hold of. There must have been about forty or more people in there, with about three quarters of them men the rest women. They were all shapes and sizes and all ages. The only thing they all seemed to have in common were they all looked rough and dirty.

We found a table and Nicole sat down while I went to get a few drinks. A lot of men had stared at Nicole as she walked in and I had heard a lot of comments from others mainly about fucking the ass off that tart. I took the drinks back and sat down. Nicole was transfixed on watching another girl now on stage taking her clothes off for all the leering men, and she had her hand between her legs openly rubbing her pussy as she watched. I could see men on the other nearby tables grinning and making comments to each other as they watched her masturbating herself. “Your slut going to do a turn mate,” one of them shouted over. “Yes, I recon so,” I replied. They all laughed and cheered.

We watched the other girls for a while; I could see Nicole was dying to be up there herself. This ended when the guy shouted “When’s your whore going to strip then,” “Right now then,” I said looking at Nicole. She did not need to be told again and got up and walked to the stage to a load of whistling and cheers. She climbed up on to the low platform and as the music began to gyrate her body to the beat. After a few minutes she began to remove her clothes. First her top showing off her lovely tits, then her skirt. For a while she danced around in just her tiny red thong until to a round of get the fucking panties off, she slowly slipped them down her legs and off then throwing them to the crowd. Nicole was now naked except for her high heels. Her lovely tanned lithe body twisting and swaying to the music. Her hands caressing her breasts, down her stomach. She got down on her hands and knees in front of the men, letting them reach out and fondle her hanging tits, or grab her ass as she wriggled it in front of them. Then lying on her back her legs opened wide to he audience showing the pink insides of her smooth shaven pussy as she played with herself, rubbing her self, and inserting a finger into her wet hole.

The men were going wild, shouting and whistling until one of the men climbed up onstage and said “I can do that for you honey,” and with that began to finger Nicole himself, inserting one, then two fat grubby fingers up Nicole’s cunt and frigging her hard. Nicole was moaning and arching her back as her brought her to an orgasm there on the stage, Nicole screaming out as he did so. “Time I had some fun as well,” He said as started to unfasten his dirty jeans. “Fuck the whore,” I heard a female voice shout out to a chorus of others shouting the same. He pulled his jeans down to his knees. I could see his large unwashed cock, precum showing on the tip and dirty looking and the base of the head of his cock. His balls looked slimy and glistened. Nicole reached up taking hold of his big fat hard cock and guiding it to her open cunt. “Get your fucking cock in me,” she shouted at him. He didn’t need telling again and rammed his cock fully up Nicole’s waiting cunt. She sighed out loud as he first entered then started grunting like an animal as he pounded into her. “That’s it, fuck me, fuck me,” Nicole was shouting at him. “Oh, I’m going to, all the men are going to fuck you slut,” he said back through gritted yellow teeth.

As he banged away all the other men had moved to the front, a lot of them on the stage watching and waiting their turn. The women had moved up also and were shouting abuse at Nicole and urging all the men to fuck the cum slut legless, bore out her holes with their cocks good. The fat guy was now grunting hard and was about to shoot his load. “YES, YES, THAT’S IT, FUCK ME HARDER. SHOOT YOUR CUM UP ME, FUCK,FUCK,FUCKKKK, I’MMM CUMMMMMIIINNNNGGGGG, FILL ME WITH YOU CUMMMM, II’MMM CUUUUMMMMMMMIIIIIGGGGGG, UUHHHHHH, OH GOD, UUUHHHHHHHHHHH,” Nicole was screaming, her naked body squirming and thrashing about on the floor. “FUCKING TAKE THIS YOU FILTHY WHORE,” he said. With a last lunge he emptied his sack up Nicole’s cunt and over her belly. Then withdrawing and putting his smelly cock to her lips telling her to clean his cock off. Nicole hungrily took him in and licked and sucked until all traces of cum and dirt had been cleaned from it, then went down to his ball bag and sucked and licked all around his sweaty smelly sack, sucking his balls into her mouth and up to his ass hole until all off him was clean.

By now another cock was pounding into Nicole’s cunt and another man had positioned himself at the top of Nicole. Taking hold of a handful of her hair he pulled her head to his groin, forcing his cock into her mouth until his full length was in then using her hair pulling her back and forth on to his ridged cock. Nicole gagged and coughed a bit until she got accustomed to it then like a pro deep throated him until with a groan he emptied his full load into the back of Nicole’s throat. I could see her throat muscles working as she swallowed every drop. 

The second man had now shot his load into her cunt and another was fucking her. Cum was squeezing around his cock as he bored in. Another was deep throating her again. Other men were mauling and pinching her tits and nipples making them large and red. I watched as after those had emptied their seed into her she got onto her hands and knees and crawled to another group and told them to fuck her ass. An old guy of about sixty was the first in the queue and shoved his old cock up Nicole’s ass hole after spitting a large amount of gooey spit on it to lubricate it. “Oh yes, I like my ass being fucked hard,” Nicole said. The old guy said he hadn’t had a whore with a good piece of ass like this for a long time. 

He soon shot his load into her ass then ordered Nicole to suck all the mixture from her ass off his cock. Nicole buried her face into his crutch and sucked the mess off him. His stale piss smelling pubic hair buried against Nicole’s face as she was again being fucked up her ass. “Lets triple fuck the slut,” somebody shouted out. A man positioned himself under Nicole and she sat astride him. Another roughly pushed her down until her tits were squashed on his chest then pushed his cock up her ass. Nicole’s final hole was filled as a real fat dirty smelly guy pushed his cock into her mouth until her face was squashed against the folds of sweaty fat of his stomach. I saw her nose wrinkle as the smell from him invaded her nostrils but she still took him in fully making slurping noises as she sucked him. The other two were now ploughing into her ass and cunt both burying their cocks to the hilt up her holes at the same time.

I could see Nicole was in heaven having all these men fuck her. Being naked and having her body used and violated, being humiliated in front of an audience and other women. I heard a loud crack and heard Nicole cry out. Some of the men were slapping Nicole’s ass. Her cheeks were glowing red with hand prints all over them. “Use this on the slut,” a woman shouted, as she throws a thin leather belt on to the stage. One of the men picked it up and began to whip Nicole’s ass cheeks with it. Nicole cried out with every sting of the leather but her cries were soon stifled with another hard cock being shoved in her wanting mouth.

About another five times she was tripled fucked when a group of the women got on stage and roughly turned Nicole back over onto her back. “Let’s have some fun with the slag as well guys’” one of them said. Nicole was then subjected to an hour of humiliation by these women as they wanked her off with bottles, chair legs and whatever other objects they could find to abuse her cunt or ass with. They fisted her ramming their hands up her cunt. The other women who had stripped over the night sat on her face and Nicole made them all cum nibbling on their clits and licking their holes, poking her tongue up as far up their cunt and assholes as she could as they ground their smelly musty cunts down on to Nicole’s mouth and face. They made her crawl around the stage and then lick up any cum that had gone on the floor. Nicole licked up every last drop. “That’s it, you dirty fucking cunt, lick it all up or we will have to whip your ass again, “they shouted at her. But still some cracked the belt on her ass as she crawled around causing yelps from Nicole as they did.

Finally, the women had finished with her, and handed her back to the men to get some more use out of her. Nicole was laying there groaning on the dirty stage, her naked ravaged body covered in red marks and cum, her cunt gapping wide from all the objects and cocks that had been using it and cum dribbling from it. Her ass hole did not look much better. She was once again dragged along the stage and off onto the even dirtier floor of the bar through the stale beer and mess that was on it where she was repeatedly Fucked at least another ten or more times as she just lay there letting these fat, smelly, dirty old and young men use her, Empty their cum into and onto her, use her as a receptacle for their gratification, a cum bucket. Then after either have her suck them clean or wipe their dirty slimy smelly cocks in her long red hair.

With all the men and women in the room now having fucked Nicole, they all stood around her. Looking down at this piece of naked trash that was Nicole. Watching her rub all the cum and dirt into her tits, fingering her cunt and licking the cum of her fingers. “Fucking hell, this slag is one piece of dirty cunt,” a man said. “Yea, lets wash some of the dirt off her shall we,” Another said. A guy behind the bar shouted to take the cunt outside as he did not want piss all over the floor to clean up. Nicole was grabbed by the hair and dragged out side on her ass and tits into the alley where she was then dumped onto a pile of trash by some bins. All the men then unzipped their trousers and jeans and began to piss all over Nicole’s body. It poured down over her, splashing on her tits, little pools of it in her belly button. “Hey slut open your legs and mouth, let the men piss into your filthy cunt and mouth, taste it you whore. Nicole spread her legs and opened her mouth. Piss sprayed into her open cunt washing cum from out of it, while lots of jets were aimed at her mouth. She swallowed hard filling her belly with piss adding to all the cum she had also swallowed. I saw some of the women pissing and spitting into an empty jar they had found then got several of the men to wank and spit into it as well. One man pushed his cock into Nicole’s mouth then pissed when he did so. She swallowed fast but still loads spilled from around it, running down her cheeks onto her tits and dripping from her nipples.

After all the men had emptied their bladders over her, the women took the jar full of their piss and the men’s cum and held it to Nicole’s mouth. “Drink this, you dirty filthy cum slut,” they said. Nicole took the jar and emptied it into her mouth, swallowing every drop then licking the jar. “Fucking hell, never seen such a dirty whore, and I’ve seen a few, a bearded guy said.

With everybody having finished with the slut some started wandering back into the club or off to their vehicles leaving Nicole lying there in a large pool of piss. Her body glistening with piss and her hair soaked in it. A group of about six bums who lived in the alley way had been watching all this were stood a little way back. A couple of the men shouted over to them that if they wanted a piece of this slags ass to come and get it if they did not mind the mess she was in. They run over. Of course they did not mind, they probably hadn’t had a women for a long time, especially a young attractive one at that, and they weren’t worried about the mess as they were filthier than her.

Nicole was dragged by them from the alley through the mud onto the waste ground where she was held down as the bums fed their filthy cocks into her holes. Even now Nicole still wanted cock even these disgusting unwashed ones and she sucked and licked all of their cocks after they had fucked her cunt and ass. I along with several of the crowd from the club watched these men pounding her ass as she was lay face down in the dirt. As they pulled her head up viciously by her hair as they pummelled her ass and cunt. Watched as she was turned over onto her back her legs held open wide as she was fucked hard in this position. The men biting and slavering on her tits and nipples, kissing her, pushing their tongues into her mouth so she could taste their foul breath. 

I had noticed through out the evening several men videoing all the action and were still recording it now. I walked over to them and asked if I could have a copy of the finished tape. They said they were selling them at fifty pounds each, but as it was my whore who was making them the money I could have one for nothing and to call back at the club in a few days for it. Bring the slut with you they added we can give her another good time, they laughed. “Maybe I will,” I replied grinning.

All the bums were spent now and wandered back to their makeshift homes in the alley way leaving Nicole lying there panting. The others had gone back into the club leaving us alone. I walked over to Nicole and helped her up. She was unsteady on her feet which was of no surprise from the fucking she had received for the last several hours. “Fuck Nicole, better get you home for a bath you smell pretty bad now. Hope this as cured your craving for stripping and fucking for a while,” I said to her. “Only for a while,” she said laughing. “Fuck, you are a slut Nicole, but I love you,” I said and gave her a long passionate kiss. “You wait by the bike; I’ll go and see if I can find your clothes.

Nicole waited while I went back in but after about ten minutes all I could find was her now very badly torn skirt. I took it out to Nicole. “Sorry love, this is all I could find, fuck knows where your top and panties are or your jacket. Oh found your helmet though,” I said to her handing it to her. Nicole took the dress. It was torn into several pieces. “Fucking lot of good this is,” she said and throws it into the pile of rubbish. With that she put her helmet on and climbed on the bike. “You’ll just have to take me home like this,” she said with a sparkle in her eyes. “Christ I hope we don’t get stopped,” I replied as we rode off.

I picked up the video three days later like they said, and we watched it when I got home. It was hard to believe it was Nicole on the screen taking on all those men, doing all those sex acts and being humiliated as much now we were sat at home together, but it was. Of course Nicole wanted a good fucking afterwards as she was so turned on by it. By the end of the night I was half dead, but hell I had enjoyed it. It was one hell of a lot of fun being married to a slut.