 As I drew on my large gin and tonic I thought it was time to find myself a quiet corner and re-think the past few hours. It was the early part of a Saturday evening and here I was in my next door neighbour's house half naked having just fucked one of my daughters best friends, Kate – and her mother Jean. What next was the question?

It had all started with a quiet drink in the local pub last night. Now I had a new scene to evaluate and my head to straighten out.

Kate was at collage with my daughter Joe and they had just finished exams recessing for the summer holidays. Jean, her mother, was a good friend of my wife's and one of the teachers educating my daughters.

My wife Sue and my two daughters were away on a holiday in Spain, I should have been with them but business had meant that I could not make it. One of the down sides of being your own boss although staying on to finish the job had produced a good bonus.

Ending up at Chris's house just seemed to have followed on from a drunken Friday night at the pub but this party was going to change my – our lives.

"Fancy coming to a party tomorrow" Chris had said as we had walked home. "You have lived in on the estate for 12 months plus now, about time you met the crowd."

"Saw you eyeing up Kate earlier, she's a live one. So is her mother. Right little prick teaser isn't she, she's at collage with your Joe isn't she?" He carried on talking as we walked.

"I have got to admit she did bring life to my member looking at that body of hers and I'm really missing having a a body to play with. It's been 7 days now since Sue and the girls went to Spain."

"That skimpy top and short skirt Kate was wearing did not leave much to the imagination and she has that twinkle in her eye when she looks at you."

"Kids these days, if only I was 20 years younger." I replied.

"Don't think age comes into it with them. Naughty naughty, you have a couple of very attractive daughters of the same age yourself Paul." Chris chatted on.

"Yes I know and they are growing up fast." 

"Some of the things they say make me wonder what they are up to. Jean is always telling Sue stories about the kids she is teaching and Sue has a lot of tales from the hospital. You would be surprised what those nurses get up to." I replied.

"Always fancied nurses – guess it's the uniform that turns me on" Chris said in a matter of fact way. 

"Your Sue's got a great little body, looks really sexy in that blue uniform she wears."

"Sorry didn't mean to say it like that, you know what I mean." He was quick to apologies but I knew exactly what he meant. I was used to the attention Sue attracted and she always turned me on in her uniform – and out of it. 

"Guess you are a feeling bit short what with Sue being away. Come round after lunch tomorrow, dress casual we have a party planned. We usually start with drinks about four then drift on into the night. It's a free for all – do as much or as little as you want. It's a good laugh and you will see us all in a different light."

"Sounds good to me."

"See you around four then" were his last words as he turned into his drive.

He was right on all counts. We had been here for 14 months now and been too busy to do a lot of socialising although Sue, my wife had got to know a few of the wives with shopping and meetings for coffee. My two girls were quite at home though as they had known some of the kids in the street for a long time via their school days and the collage. 

Yes, come to think about it I had been missing out on a good shag and Kate had not helped my blood pressure. It would be have to be another session with the blue movies when I got in. 

Saturday started with a lazy morning followed by a sandwich then a sleep in the chair. The tune on the telephone woke me with a start.

"Hi it's Chris, are you coming over then it's nearly five."

"Er yes give me 5 minutes to wake up – do I need to bring a bottle or anything."

"No just your body" was his reply. If I'd known what that meant I would have thought twice about going and might even have stayed to watch the football.

Fifteen to twenty mums and dads and some of their older sons and daughters were spread through the house already when I arrived. Chris pushed a large drink into my hand and said.

"Are you feeling fit. We have circulated and told everyone you might be coming. Just ask if you have any questions." 

"What do you mean" I replied. 

"Oh did I forget to mention it's a swingers party." he said with a big grin on his face. 

"We have our own little crowd – anything goes, anywhere, anyhow, or you can just watch if that's what turns you on. By the way most of them know you are "firing blanks" and have had a vasectomy. Jean had managed to get that out of Sue over coffee."

"That is right isn't it?" 

"The majority of us dads are like you, firing blanks. The younger lads still use rubbers though. You will find bowels of them around the house if you feel more comfortable or want one for any special reason." Chris winked as a knowing grin appeared on his face. Help yourself to the Viagra.

"What???" He had caught me totally off guard and I was not sure that I had heard him correctly.

"Swingers, you mean wife swapping?" I asked. 

"And daughters and sons and everything else, if it's eighteen and willing its game."

"If we have got it wrong and it's not your scene I'll apologise now but we have been sounding you and Sue out for quite a while and thought you both would fit in well." I took a deep breath and looked around. 

"Your daughters might like it too" he added after a short pause. "There both 18 now and old enough aren't they?" Without a pause for me to protest he continued.

"Jean and her daughter Kate are here so are quite a few of the other couples in the street – and some of their kids." 

"I'm off, got holes to fill and things to do. Most of the action is that way," he said pointing to the lounge and stairs. "Enjoy yourself."

Shit - how was I going to explain this to Sue when she came home? Perhaps I could stay and just watch then I could talk it over with her. 

Should I go back to the football? 

My mind raced through all the scenarios. 

What about my daughters – what would they think if they found out what their dad was about to get mixed up in?

At that point I was distracted from my thought when I heard a familiar voice. 

"Hello Mr James. Heard you were joining us. Would you like me to show you around?" It was Kate as sexy as ever. She took my hand before I could answer her and dragged me towards the back of the lounge.

"What are you thinking?" she said.

"That I shouldn't be here and neither should you."

"Just relax." She led me to one of the chairs in the corner and indicated for me to sit down. As soon as I was comfortable she sat across my lap. 

"We took a vote and all of us thought we should ask you both to join us. Mum was going to have a chat with Sue over coffee but Chris beat her to it when he was drinking with you last night. Looks like you get to try it before Sue gets back." 

"He said that I had turned you on something rotten last night. – That's cool I like an older man." 

"So much so that I had to watch a blue movie and play with myself when I got in" I replied. 

"Oh that's a pity, such a waste when I had nothing to do." 

Was this the innocent little Kate that listened to records and drank coffee with my daughters?

As I looked around the room I could see things starting to happen. With Kate sitting on my lap smelling so good and getting my hormones going my thoughts were turning to the idea of getting at least a good fuck.

I could feel my manhood rising in my shorts. It is quite a turn on to have someone like Kate moving around on your lap with a pair of rock hard sexy nipples showing through her top and a skirt on the resembled a wide belt. I hadn't put any briefs on when I got up that morning and my tool was roaming free under my shorts with a mind of its own. She must have been able to feel it growing too. 

"Mr James, or can I call you Paul, am I turning you on?" Kate said all coy as she wriggled a little more. She gave me a quick peck on the lips before she moved from sitting across my lap to sitting on it with her back to me. 

"Yes well I am feeling some movement and having dirty thoughts. You sitting on me like this and that couple over there are not helping." I said as I watch a young girl kneel down and unzip the trousers of a man in his mid 30's that was standing in the bay window. 

She extracted a very erect prick from the opening, looked up and said something I could not hear then slipped it into her mouth and started to suck it hard and deep.

"Oh you mean Barry, Helens dad. He likes them young and he's mad on oral. Always Likes a good blowjob to start the party off. Mum's got him hooked on oral fucking – one of her specials. You should try her later if you get the chance." 

"My god that feels like it needs a bit of attention" she said as she slide a hand under her bum and felt the huge erection I was sporting. There was no chance of me leaving now. I was getting so turned on that I felt like I was going to shoot my load in my shorts if she held me for much longer. 

Turning and moving forward onto my knees Kate's hands went behind her and released my prick from its hiding place. 

"That feels nice may I try it for size." She commented as she released my throbbing member. Pre-cum was oozing out of the end and she smeared it around the tips of her fingers before putting them in her mouth and tasting it.

"Tastes good, health diet, just the flavour I like." She twisted around and looked at me with those big eyes waiting for my reply. 

"Oh yes - please try it, yes" I heard myself saying. What I wanted to say was - get them knickers off girl I want to fuck the living daylight out of you." 

I put my hands around her hips. She lifted the back of her skirt and slid back onto me trapping my member tight to her flesh in the length of her bum crease. I could feel the small bit of material that must be her thong sitting in the crease of her arse and her juices leaking out of her fanny. Was this really happening? She took both my hands and placed them one on each breast and started to move her bum slowly up and down my penis. I was in heaven. 

"Squeeze them hard." she whispered as she griped my hands and started to rotate them on her breasts. "pull my nipples, make me squeal."

When she had got me working on her nipples through her flimsy top she took her hands away leaving me to play. It was bare flesh that I wanted though and she started to moan quietly as I moved my hands down to her bare belly and then back up under her top to her bra. With a quick flick I pushed her bra up to release her firm mounds and pinched her nipples again, I started to pull on both of them at the same time as they continued to grow between my fingers. 

I was on a roll and out of control. I was going to fuck this little tease and I was going to fuck her good and hard. My left hand moved down on her lap and felt the warmth of her thighs. She parted her legs to allow me to slip my fingers under her thong and down between her cunt lips. She was as wet as hell and begging ready to be entered. My fingers played with her clit and massaged everything I could find in her pubic area. Her legs opened wider and she started to sensually move up and down my lap turning my already rock hard prick into red hot poker. 

Her moaning was accompanied by her talking dirty as she increased the tempo and told me what she wanted me to do to her. 

"Steady girl." I spoke with a quiver in my voice. "I'll come before you get a chance to feel it inside you if you carry on like that."

Kate's legs opened and she raised her arse in the air as her hand went down between her thighs and grabbed hold of my prick. She then lent forward and with a quick flick I felt my cock slide from between her bum checks up to the outer lips to her clit. She played with it there for a while making sure it was well lubricated then back down her pubic curve and into her hot wet cunt. She gave a little squeal and sat slowly down again taking my full length. The tip of my prick was at the top of her vagina tight to the neck of her womb – or at least that's what it felt like. 

"Fuck me." she pleaded as she started to move her body again. "Fuck me slow and hard, fill me with your cum."

I was in heaven – a firm young breast in one hand, a highly sensitive erect clit being played with by the other and my eight inches of rampant cock deep inside her love box. She was wet and so tight, even though I guessed she was used to having her love passage filled. 

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." she murmured. "I've dreamt of having you inside me for such a long time." 

"Ohh you feel so good, give me more, shag me, fuck me, ahh! fill me up, stretch me, make me cum you bastard. I want all you've got, fuck me, fuck me hard."

I shut my eyes and started moving faster while I licked and kissed up and down her spine and neck. Kate's nipples were rock hard as I pinched and squeezed them. Her clit was swollen and she was leaking her juices with every thrust. She was still talking dirty but with an unsteadiness in her voice. 

Moving to meet my strokes she was getting maximum penetration every time she pushed down on my lap. I could feel the cum rising in my balls. She was panting with pleasure as her climax started to rise."

"May I join you two" I heard a voice say. 

"What, er." I came back to earth with a start. On opening my eyes I saw Chris standing in front of us with a large erection popping out of his trousers. Hell he had a big prick.

That took me off the boil and stopped Kate in her tracks. I held her still and tight with my full length inside her while we regained our composure enough to reply. What did he say? 

I had never shared a woman before but I had seen plenty of it on blue movies. What was he thinking? Did she indulge in DP? Was he after shagging her tonsils?

Who was going to get to fuck her her arse? I was intrigued, my climax could wait a little longer.

Kate was already holding Chris's prick in her hand and looking into his eyes. 

She was still riding me slowly keeping the feelings surging. Without stopping or speaking her head lowered and she took Chris's tool deep into her mouth. What a turn on, I had a bird eye view of his prick being pumped by her lips while I was being ridden. 

She quickly licked it from to bottom, rotated her tongue around its bulbous tip and played with the pre-cum oozing from the end before taking the full length right to the back of her mouth until it bounced off her throat. She held it there for a short time trying to get more down her before she started to gag and came up for air. Not content with the result she started all over again and let Chris make a second assault on her throat as he pushed forward and started to fuck her mouth. At the same time and in time to his thrusts she started to rise and fall on my member. Each time Chris thrust forward she moved to meet him. She lifted herself of my prick before being forced back down on to me. I was bouncing off her cervix feeling the full length of her velvet interior as I was being caressed by the walls of her virgina while being gripped by her cunt muscles as she stroked up and down. 

Chris took her nipple from me and grabbed hold of the other one. Her tits looked inviting as he started to play with them sharply pulling on each nipple then rubbing them together. Kate had her eyes shut and was trying to let out her vocal abuse but not much was getting past the thrust of the tool moving in and out her mouth. 

I was that turned on that I did not realise I had both hands on her arse checks and my finger had had found its way into her tight puckered arse hole. 

We bucked and fucked in unison Kate's mouth working on Chris while she used her hands to grip his arse and steady her strokes. She pulled Chris closer and allowed his prick to leave her mouth and land between her tits. Once it was in place Chris started to slide up and down her cleavage giving himself a tit roll. The size, the shape, the hands moulding those sweet mounds into a perfect fuck hole just made me loose control. I could feel my cum on the move again. Each time Chris was at the top of his stroke Kate liked the bulbus head and gave it some more Sylvia to lubricate its passage. 

"Fuck me, fuck me - fuck my tits cum all over me". She was saying in a deep whisper. "Ohhh I'm cumming ohhh yes." Chris grunted and shot his first load all over her face as he came in floods wave after wave. The next burst went into her mouth as she clamped her lips around the end of the pulsating monster and drank all that she could, just a trickle was running out the corners as Chris pushed himself in further while he grunted. All the visual effects made me shot my load deep into her fanny and it felt like I was propelling it up into her belly. She took all she could get while she shook from top to bottom and moaned with pleasure. The next thing I saw was Chris's prick coming out to the tip of Kate's lips then going back into Kate's mouth, this time his balls hit her chin. His hands went behind Kate's head and with long deep strokes he fucked her tonsils half a dozen more times before she coughed and splutter back to reality. Nine and a half inches of really thick prick was as far as he could get it down her throat.

It took quite a while for us all to get back to some sort of norm. I had never had such a mind blowing climax. Kate had a smile on her face as she toyed with the cum Chris had shot all over her. She was collecting it with her fingers and then licking them clean in a slowly taunting motion.

Chris finally stood up and Kate gently liked the tip of his prick clean. She then wiped the cum from the corners of her mouth with her fingers and licked them dry. 

I was still pinned to the chair with my prick semi-hard and still inside her. Just watching everything was making me twitch and come back to life.

"My turn now Kate, that's if you can you take some more of me." Chris said. 

"What are you thinking" she replied with a saucy grin on her face.

"How about a quick suck to get me standing up again then me giving you another good shafting." 

"I'm up for it if you think you are." Was her taunting reply as she wrapped her lips around his shaft and grabbed hold of his balls. She sucked and juggled and licked up and down the length of his member popping his balls in and out of her mouth while he stood in front of us. She undid his belt and trousers without so much as a pause and they fell to the floor. His briefs were quick to follow when she hooked her fingers into the waistband. Her hands then went to his bum checks as she work the maximum length of his prick in and out of her mouth with ease this time. Within 5 minutes he was erect again and ready to go. Just watching was putting life back into my cock as I started to harden and refill Kate's love tunnel.

"How do you want it you shameless cock sucking shag bag?"

" Tell you what get off Paul's prick and kneel between his legs. That way I can throw it up you doggy fashion, bounce off your "G" spot and fill you up with another load while you keep him happy." 

They had done this before – often. You could tell that by the way they were baiting each other. 

"OK but be gentle with me I'm only a little collage girl you know."

"Paul can I suck you back to life and nibble your nipples while he is having his wicked way with me." Kate asked in a sweet and innocent voice. "Not that you need much reviving feels like your standing to attention already." Kate said as she climbed off me and turned around to offer Chris her rear end complete with my cum oozing out of it.

