 I've mentioned that after my wife entered, reluctantly, a strip contest, and loved it.

She said, "I never thought standing completely nude in front of a bunch of screaming people could be so liberating."

I said, 'For me too."

First I love to have my wife expose herself completely naked, on stage and looking down on the screaming crowd, especially her panties come of, the crowd goes nuts, and she squats and spreads for all to see. Man that is great. Second, I am an exhibitionist and love being nude in front of people, especially for a large audience.

I should mention, my wife is now my ex; and this happened a long time ago. When we lived in Seattle, there was a strip club, owned by a friend of mine just up from the Pike Place Market. They were one of first full nude clubs at the time. Obviously that is old hat now. Well, those days they did not have male strip clubs. I approached Jim, the owner, about me stripping for the crowd now and then. The audience usually was comprised of men and women. So one night we gave it a shot..

I am not much of a dancer, but I can take my clothes off. I was a little nervous, not about nudity, but about looking like an idiot. Anyway, I thought it was worth it. I started removing my clothes slowly. The audience warmed up; especially the women, as the show usually catered to the men. There were 30 or 40 folks in there. I got down to my speedo. 

I asked the audience, "Should I take it off?"

They screamed, "Yes."

I said, Are you sure?"

They screamed back, "Yes."

Then they chanted, "Show your cock, Show your cock..."

I turned my back to the audience and removed my speedo. I slowly turned around an stood there completely nude; and with a boner. Now what happened next surprised even me. Gemma, my friend's wife, came on stage, had me strip her, and then she knelt down and began to suck my cock. So now, we are both naked and she is sucking my cock in front of a audience. I had never had a sexual experience on stage until then. She sucked for a while, stood up, turned her back to me, bent over and asked me to fuck her. I eased my cock in her pussy, and I heard her moan. We both found it even more exciting in front of people. I fucked her for about 10 minutes. She stood again and faced me.

She looked into the audience and said, "Do you want him to cum on my face?"

Again, "Yes." came from the crowd.

She sucked a little more and then speeded up her stroking. Faster and faster, flick the end of my cock with her tongue. I couldn't take it any more, and I blew my load all over her face. 

She stood up, her face covered in my cum, and said to the crowd, 'Should I eat some?" She started guiding the cum into her mouth, without waiting for an answer, and swallowed. Then she kissed me, and I could taste my salty cum on her tongue. We walked off the stage, her leading me by the cock. My wife was in the audience cheering as hard as anyone.

My wife was familiar with the club and had even stripped there a couple of times. Stripping made her a horny one. Having seen me get fucked and sucked on stage, gave her a idea. So we put the idea to Jim and Gemma. They thought it was great.

Here was the deal. After one of the evening shows we would advertise a bukkake party would take place. The last dancer would be my wife.

The night arrived. There were about 80 or 90 people in the audience. About one third were wives of husbands that wanted to participate. Participation was voluntary. The dancers were done stripping. My wife was next. You could tell during the dance she was ready to go. Off went her panties and she laid back on the floor and finger fucked herself. We asked all the guys that were going to participate, take off their pants, and underwear and get in line at the edge of the stage. Some guys stripped completely. Jim and I brought a narrow cot for my wife to lay on. It was wide enough for her lay comfortably; but narrow enough, that guys could straddle it if they desired. To get things going, I was going to fuck my wife and be the first to cum on her face.

I stripped. I noticed there were about 45 to 50 guys. I let my wife suck me till I was hard. I then went to the other end of the cot; there was her pussy, extremely wet. I slid my cock in her, and, I swear, she orgasmed immediately. I fucked her for a while, all the time the guys were stroking their cocks, ready to cum on my wife. I pulled out and moved up to her face.

She said, "Cum on my face."

I did.

She said, "Bring 'em on."

The first guy had my wife suck him first. I have mentioned before, there is nothing like watch another man's cock go in and out of your wife's mouth. He decided not to pull out and came in her mouth. After coughing a couple of times, she swallowed the load and thanked him.

The guys continued to file up one by one and cum all over my wife. Some on the side of her head, some on her tits, some in her mouth, but most on her face. In order to get the line to move faster, Gemma stripped and came down and began sucking cocks to get them ready. A couple of the guys did not make it, and came on her face. She didn't mind.

Every now and then an aggressive guy would facefuck my wife, spit and saliva going everywhere, but eventually he would cum on her face.

With about 10 guys left, you could not see her face. She couldn't open her eyes, and could barely open her mouth. By the time it was completed she was covered head to toe with cum..She stood up to uproariously loud applause. We thanked the audience. We walked hand in hand out of the strip club; both completely nude, and my wife covered in cum. We walked through the lobby, and outside. Our car was parked down about a block and around the corner. There were quite a few folks still out and about. We walked up the street to the car with everybody staring. It was great. We drove the 10 miles to home, still nude, talking about the events of the night. 

She said, "I think, besides being nude, I like men to fuck my mouth and cum so I could swallow, better than anything. Maybe we should try a B&D dinner sometime. I could be restrained and both men and women could participate." Maybe next time.