 My job is something most people wouldn't understand. I am in stress management. Companies call me in when the stress level of their employees becomes an issue. I am happy with my job. I make lots of money and enjoy what I do.

Today I am dressed in black thigh highs, a tight black skirt and a very low cut red sweater that clings in all the right places. My hair is in a French twist, my makeup applied perfectly. I smile at myself in the mirror as I turn and get ready to leave.


I show up at my next assignment a little early to check the place out. I stand in the huge lobby and notice there is nothing to make a person feel comfy, no pictures or plants. Just white walls and metal chairs. I stand looking around for over five minutes before the receptionist asks if she can help me. Not a good sign. The list in my head is growing rapidly. I look over at her and smile.

"I think you might, I am here to meet with Mr. Smith." I reply.

"Oh." She says as the smile on her face fades. "Ummm take a seat and I will see if I can find him."

I turn and sit, taking out my notebook and making notes. As I am turning the page I hear footsteps on the old tile floor. Another note to make I think as I note the loud footsteps. I bend over and start writing again. 

I must have got caught up in my notes as I hear someone clearing their throat. I look up and notice a young man standing in front of me. I smile and say "Hello."

The man sticks his hand out for a shake. "Hi I am Mr. Smith's sidekick, he is in a meeting and asked me to show you around."

I take his hand and looking into his eyes say "That works for me. Thank you for your time."

We walked around, him showing me all the basic things and answering what questions I had. We ended up in his boss's office. Again a plain office with nothing to make you feel welcome, like the rest of the building. "Mr. Smith should be here in a minute." His sidekick told me as he backed out of the room. 

"Okay." I say and walk over to look out the window. I have so many things going through my mind, this place needs a lot of help. Good thing the owner of the company is paying a lot for my services, I think.

"Hi Miss?" I hear behind me. 

I laugh a little as I jump. " You can just call me Jenny." I reply as I turn around and look at the man standing behind me. "And you must be Mr. Smith?" I ask.

"Yes, ma'am." He said with a smile "We are all ready for you in the conference room, if you will follow me." 

"I am ready." And start to follow him. 

We walk into a room that is different than all the others. I see a nice big table, softy and comfy office chairs, blinds and curtains on the windows, a counter with snacks and drinks.  Nothing like the rest of the building I saw. I turn to look at the people around the table. Sitting straight up looking at me with boredom written all over their faces. But, that is not all I notice, not a single woman is at the table. Strange I think as I go back quickly in my mind, the only woman I have seen was the woman in the lobby.

I give the guys my best sexy smile and sway my hips as I walk to the front of the room. When I turn around and face the men at the table I notice more smiles and brighter faces. Oh yes this is going to be easy to fix! 

I place my hands flat on the table and lean over, just enough to give them a nice view of what I have to offer. "Hi, I am Jenny, and I was hired by your head boss to do something about the stress in this company." I said. Standing back up turning around I bend down at the hips and pick up my briefcase off of the floor, knowing my skirt will give them a little show of what I am and am not wearing. I smile as I take my time. Giving plenty of time to let them look. 

I turn around and see now I do have everyone's attention. Good I think to myself at least something will stick with them when this is over. After setting it on the table I walk over and twist the blinds to let in some real light. I continue around the room swaying my hips and asking.  "You guys aren't afraid of a little sunlight are you? It will make you feel a little perkier to have the sun shine in rather than just using fake lighting. Trust me."

I walk over to the door where Mr. Smith is still standing. "Are you joining this meeting today sir, or do you have other things to do?"

"Oh no I will be on my way. Just wanted to make sure you have everything you need."

I smile sweetly at him. "I think we will be fine, just a few things you should know before you go. I do not like to be interrupted for anything no matter what you hear from this room. Also this door is to remain shut until I am finished here. I hope you don't mind?" 

"That is fine. I believe my boss told me your rules when he called and I passed them on to all you have here."

"Good then we are ready to get this started. Bye Mr. Smith." I say as I shut the door behind him.

I turn around and all eyes are on my, just the way I like it. "Okay guys first thing first." I say as I walk back up to the front of the room. "I know you guys have had a hard time lately and I want to help you out. I have a few questions to ask before I can finish my report and turn it in." I place my elbows on the table and lean over cupping my face, making my shirt gap open and give them another look.

"First I need to know what you guys would like to see around here. I am sure you guys all have some ideas."

I see one of the men smiling and looking right down my shirt with a big grin. Oh yes, he is a good one to call on right now. "You sir with the blue tie and blue eyes, tell me what you would like to see around here."

"More of what you have." I heard him say. All the men nod in agreement.

"I noticed there are not any females here, why not."

I hear someone else answer. "Mr. Smith is afraid we wont do our work." I look over where that response came from. Taking a closer look at the 10 men sitting, I notice that the sidekick is not in the room. 

I raise my eyebrows and ask. "I can put that into my report. What else." I say as I get up and open my case. Taking out my laptop I bend over the table and begin typing my notes. 

Before long the guys are comfortable and starting to get up and get drink and snacks. I feel a slight brush on my ass from somebody's hand. I let it go thinking nothing of it. Not two minutes later I feel another brush on my ass. I feel my pussy start to get wet...Crap this just aint gonna do, I think. I spread my legs a little hoping that will help. I can feel the air on my pussy as the guys walk behind me.

"So I think that about does it." I say as I feel a brush again. I look up at the guys sitting at the table, only to notice there are none left sitting. What the hell I think as I stand up and turn around.

I try to contain my smile and laughter as I look at all the guys leaning against the counter faces red as can be, hands trying to cover the bulges in their pants. "Do we have a problem I need to know about boys?" I say as I hop on the table. I scoot forward closer to the edge, causing my skirt to hike up my legs. Knowing what I am doing to them, I spread my legs more than a lady should. "Well" I ask again, licking my lips and sticking my chest out.

Someone clears their throat, I hear a moan for someone else. "Guys, I understand that it has been hard working here, but I promise it will be better." I say as I scoot off the table and stand in front of one of the men. I reach out and move his hands. 


"What can I do to prove it to you guys." I ask seductively, as I run my hand over his hard cock. "Do I need to show you guys I mean it right now?" I say. I turn and walk down a little more. I can feel how wet my pussy is getting just thinking about all the fun I can have with these men. I see one guy who is not even trying to hide his bulge, so I go and stand in front of him. 

"Mmm you look like a guy who needs some convincing." I say as I grab his pants and undo the button and zipper. I pull them down enough to let his cock spring out. I smile at the size of it and whisper "Nice." Before I bend down, sticking my ass in the air and spit on it before taking a taste. "MMMM" I moan with my mouth full of cock.

I feel my skirt get pushed up and a wet tongue on my pussy. "Holy shit!" I hear someone say. "She isn't wearing anything under it."

I smile and take the cock out of my mouth. "Nor a bra if you must know." And return to the cock in my hand. The guys hands reach down my shirt and finds my hard nipple. He strokes it a couple of times before pinching and pulling it. 

I take his cock all the way into my mouth and down my throat. I moan against it as the feeling of someone's tongue on my clit and the pinching of my nipples start to make my pussy ache for a cock. I lick the cock for a moment before I turn to the guy licking my cunt and ask. "Can I get into a better position for some real fun?" I stand up and take my sweater and skirt off, noticing all the guys have their dicks out and stroking them slowly.

"Well, Well, Well. This is going to be my first de-stressing orgy I guess." I say with a laugh. "If you guys promise to be nice I will be nice to all of you in return." And with a smile I sit on the corner of the table and sit back. "So who is sticking their cock where? I have a cunt that needs to be fucked, an ass that likes attention, two hands and a mouth. But first someone has to stick a big cock in my pussy and fuck me."

A guy steps between my legs, putting one over each shoulder and slams his huge cock into my wet pussy. "Oh fuck yes." I say grabbing his thighs "Fuck my cu.." I didn't get the rest of the sentence out as someone grabs my head and shoves a cock into my mouth. I happily swallow it down right away, moaning against it. The guy continues to hang on to my head and fuck my mouth.  This makes me so hot that I can't help but have an orgasm right then. 

"Holy fuck!" the guy fucking me says. "She just came and we haven't been fucking for more than a minute. Her pussy is a strong one guys!" He pumps his cock into my pussy faster and harder. I hear a growl come from his mouth and feel his cock start to spasm in my cunt. 

I can't help but laugh at him (the best I can with a cock in my mouth). I take my hand and start to play with the balls belonging to the cock in my mouth. As one guy pulls his spent cock out of my pussy I feel someone grab my other hand and wrap it around a cock. I start to slide my hand up and down his shaft. "Hey man I need some lube on my cock too." I hear him say. My head is let go, so I turn and take the other cock in my mouth and move my hand from his balls to his cock, sliding easily up and down the shaft. 

My legs are put down on the table but pushed farther apart as I feel someone else fit their cock into my pussy. I spit on the other cock putting some lube on it for my hands, looking up I smile and say "You can't cum until you are in my mouth." Turning back to the first cock I deep throat it and suck on it again. Teasing the tip with my tongue and swirling it around.

"Oh fuck." He says and grabs my head again. He thrusts his cock into my mouth and cums. I greedily slurp his cum and swallow it all. I take his cock out and lick it clean. 

"Well you sure taste good!" I say with a smile. My pussy being banged and fucked, a cock in my other hand, all is good for now. I moan as I feel yet another orgasm start to build. "Fuck that cunt harder boy." I demand as I lean over and take the second cock into my mouth.

The guy fucking me starts to grunt as he really starts to pound my pussy. I moan against this guys cock licking and sucking it. I notice this guy like to stand still, so I bob my head up and down, taking my time and enjoying it more. I squeeze his balls a little and he starts to move his hips. 

My pussy starts to quiver and I know the second orgasm is going to happen soon. I take the cock out of my mouth and start stroking it with my hand. " Oh yes, I am going to cum again, all over your cock this time, baby" I say. The guy pounds me harder, reaching up and grabbing a nipple. 

"Oh yes you dirty little slut, you like my cock in your cunt don't you?" he says as he pinches and pulls my nipple. 

"Hmmm I love your cock in my cunt, fill it full with your cum." I say as my pussy muscles start to grab and take hold of his cock harder. "Oh fuck I am going to cum all over you cock. Slam that fucking thing into my cunt harder." I say clinching my teeth together. 

My hand still sliding up and down on the other guys cock. I hear a moan from him. "Don't you dare cum yet, I want you to cum in my mouth." He grabs my head and shoved his cock in my mouth as the first squirt from his cock hits my throat. That sends me over the edge again and I start to cum on another cock. 

"Shit man you weren't joking about her pussy." The guy moans as he takes his cock out and slams it in one more time before shooting his cum in my pussy. I let the other cock slip out of my mouth, clean and spent. I let out a big sigh and lay down on the table. I feel the other cock leave my pussy, leaving it full yet empty.

I waste no time in standing to see what I have left. I look and see six guys still with hard cocks, stroking slowly. I pick a guy "You" I say pointing at one of the six left. "Get over her and fuck my ass." I watch him walk up to me, turning I bend over and spread my legs. I can feel the cum start to run down my legs and onto my stockings. 

He slips his cock into my pussy and gets his cock wet and ready. I feel his head at my asshole. It slides a little way in and he pulls it out. I feel it again and moan. "Fuck my ass boy." I feel him grab my hips and pull me back to meet him as he shoves all of his cock into my ass. "Fuck yeah that's what I want. Now one of you five get over here and let me suck your cock."

I start pushing my ass back meeting his cock and shoving it into my ass. I lick my lips as the next cock is put in front of me. I take it in my mouth and see that I have two cocks in my face. I take one out and put the other one in sucking it for a while. With both cocks, one in each hand I stick my tongue out and stick them on it. Licking both heads at the same time while stroking them. I slap one across my tongue then the other. I spit on both of them and slide my hand over them keeping them wet and slick.

I moan from the cock in my ass. "Mmmm, how I have missed having a cock in my ass." And start to push harder against it, his ball slamming into my clit each time. "Oh baby, yes, fuck that my ass." Jumping a little as I fell a slap on my ass. "Oh yeah spank my ass. Make it red." 

I greedily take one of the cocks into my mouth and go to work on it. Slurping and sucking, while stroking the other. Not wanting to leave the other one out, I pop one out and turn my head and take it into my mouth. I swallow this one down into my throat and let my throat work on it, swallowing and grabbing it sucking it down. I feel his hands on my head trying to push it down further. I pull my head back and spit on it and take it down my throat again. 

The guy behind me starts pounding faster and harder yet, pushing me forward and shoving the cock down my throat further. I push the guy back a little wanting some room but feel his cock start to spew into my mouth. I squeeze his balls lightly as the last squirt goes down my throat. I turn and without missing a beat take the other cock into my mouth and down my throat. I pull him directly in front of me and let the guy fucking my ass push me forward on his cock. 

I take one of my hands and slip it between my legs, flicking my finger over my clit. I make a slurping sound as I swallow the cock in my mouth. My knees are starting to shake as my orgasm builds. I start breathing faster and suck faster on the cock, his hips forcing it further down my throat. He grabs my head and give a final thrust as he screams "Take that you slut" and shoots his load down my throat. I lick his cum that dribbled out off my lip. 

"Oh thanks baby." I say as he backs away. I put my other hand on the floor and brace myself for what I know is about to happen. My finger moves quicker over my clit, pressing harder. With nothing in my mouth I am moaning constantly, "fuck yes, shove that cock in my ass, give it to me."  

I know he is about ready to fill my ass, as he grabs my hips and really starts to push his cock deep into my ass.  I hear him start to grunt and I explode. I squirt all over his balls and down my legs as I scream in ecstasy. "Holy shit" is all I hear as he fills my ass. I feel my legs give and start to go. He bends over and grabs me as I start to fall. "Wow, Jenny that was great." He slips his cock out and holds me up. 

"Oh the best is yet to come." I say. "What I have three guys who are still waiting to cum for me?" They guys start laughing. "What did I miss?" I ask, still leaning on the one guy.

A notice one of the three turn bright red, "Well this guy here couldn't handle what was going on and came without you." I shook my head. 

"Well we might just have to let you watch the next round and see if you are hard by the next one. As for the smaller cock are going to sit in that chair." I point to the "head of the table chair" that is bigger than the others. "I will stick your cock in my ass and you " pointing to the last guy "will fuck my pussy hard and fast." 

The one guy runs and sits in the chair. I spit on his cock and rub it all over with my hands. Turning away from him I sit and stick his cock up my ass.  I take a loud breath. "Wow you are big!" I say and ride his shaft a few times getting used to the bigger cock in my ass.

I lean back on his chest and bring my legs up and hold them in the air, spread. "Well what are you waiting for? Get over here and get your big fat cock in my pussy." I say.

"Yes um!" He says loudly and rushes over, slamming his cock right into my waiting pussy. 

"Now fuck me." I command. It takes a few thrusts before they both find the right rhythm. "Oh yes boys fuck my ass and pussy fill my holes." I say as my tits bounce. I reach and grab the guy on tops ass. Pulling him in deeper. "Oh yes baby fuck that cunt." I say in his ear.

That must be what he needed to hear, because he start to pump his cock harder into my pussy. I lean back again and they guy below me grabs my tits and starts squeezing and massaging them. "Oh yes, baby that feels good." I say as they continue to fuck me. "The rest of you guys better be getting hard and ready for the last event." I say a little breathless.

I can hear the guy below me start to breath harder and in shorter breaths. "Are you getting ready to cum in my ass" I ask. 

I hear a whispered "Yes" in my ear as he squeezes my tits harder and starts to nibble on my neck. 

"Oh fuck baby you sure do know what to do to a woman." I say as my pussy starts to have little spasms of it's own.

"Oh fuck she is getting ready to cum again." The guy fucking my cunt says. "Holy shit this feels great." And start pushing harder. 

I grab onto his arms as the first big wave starts to hit me. I bite my lip holding in my screams. I hear the guy below my grunt and bite into my shoulder, as he starts his own and shoots his load in my ass. The guy above me thrust one, two more times before he says he can't take it any longer. Looking into my eyes he thrusts once hard and then does two little thrusts as he comes in my pussy.

I fall back and know this has been heaven. The only thing left that I love is watching guys jack off and come all over me. 

I start to smile as the thought fills my head. I feel the guy on top of me get off.  Still sitting on my other guy. I feel he is still hard and ready to go another round. I turn my head and give him a deep kiss. "Can you take more?" I whisper.

He nods his head and starts moving his hips, thrusting his cock deep into my ass. "Good" I say "you can stay there and fuck me, the rest of you who are ready use your own spit and stand around me and give me a show. I want to see all of your cum on my body. Oh and that one guy, come stand by me and I will suck you off." 
