  (Wiley missed his last girlfriend, Madeline who took off with some man leaving Wiley behind and horny).

Madeline's Story

I met Wiley when I was 22 years old and he was 21 in Dallas, Texas where I worked as a dancer in a bar. I liked him instantly. He had a big smile and an honest face and a big fat cock. 

It is obvious to everyone that I meet that I am a gorgeous woman of Mexican descent. I have long black hair, black eyes, and nice long legs. I also have a nice firm perky butt and perfect C cup titties. And yes, I am a bitch in heat most of the time. 

"You stare at yourself too much in the mirror," complained my mother when I was a child.

Now I like to get stoned and drink beer while sitting on the floor and playing with my pussy while watching myself in the full length mirror. My pussy is capped with a black fur on top and dark full labia lips and bright pink inside. 

My clitoris is quite large; the nub swells to the size of a ripe olive when aroused. I love it when a man or woman licks my pussy and sucks on my clit.

I'm always horny but I'm no whore. I fuck who I want—when I want, period. I like a man who can eat me till I cum in his mouth and on his face and then fuck me hard until I cum again and eat my pussy again even if he has cum inside me. 

If he does cum inside me, he must suck his cum out of my pussy and share it with me in my mouth.

I have to be fucked in my pussy and ass twice. I don't care if the man cums so long as he is able to keep his cock hard and fuck me several times.

I was dancing on stage at Big Daddy's bar when I first saw Wiley. He stared at me and through me then he smiled a big white smile as though he knew me. He was tall with short blond hair, broad shoulders and large hands. 

I noticed Bobbie talking to him and she seemed very friendly. I wondered if this was the same person that she was bragging about that had her cumming four or five times in one fuck session in the back of an old car.

She said that he had a big fat cock. She also claimed that he had some great reefer and was not stingy with his money. I was tired of skinny cocks and cheap men and began plotting how to fuck him and take him if I wanted him. 

Bobbie was married to Larry, a jealous fucker; so I intended to take her new lover for my own. I heard her say that Wiley sold pot to Larry.

In the dressing room I heard Bobbie tell another girl that the blond dude wearing black denim shirt was her new fuck buddy, and that his name was Wiley. 

The girl giggled and said that she could see the outline of his fat cock in his jeans. Bobbie said that his friends called him Wiley Coyote after the Road Runner cartoon character. They laughed hysterically.

I had a plan to fuck her new friend and make him mine.

You see Bobby loved to eat my pussy and vice versa. She was always coming on to me; so one night after work, we smoked a joint and made out in the front seat of her car. 

In no time we were both bare assed and finger fucking our wet pussies then I laid back against the passenger door while she expertly licked my pussy until I cum all over her face. Of course, I gladly returned the favor—enjoying the smell and sweet taste of her little blond pussy.

I took my top off while Bobbie starred at my tits. I walked over to where she sat in the chair and bent over her with my tits in her face and suggested that we have a threesome. 

"Oooh—yes," she giggled. "But we have to go to my place cause of Larry. But he'll probably be asleep and we can fuck in the spare room," she suggested.

Ok, I said but I have to be home in an hour because my roommate who I didn't like anymore would act pissy if I stayed out all night.

We left together in Wiley's car. It was an old car but in great condition. We all three sat in the front seat that was big as a couch. It was so big I grinned thinking that if the weather was warmer I would have suggested that we fuck in his car. 

The radio played the long version of "green eyed lady, lovely lady," by Sugarloaf.

He lit up a joint as we left and Bobbie and I took long deep puffs. In no time the euphoria of the reefer coursed through my body. 

We drank Coors beer and when the joint was finished, I kissed Bobbie on the lips.

The car rolled along as we passed our tongues in and out and I reached under Bobbie's t-shit, found her pointy nipples, and pinched and tugged on them. She moaned while I continued to knead, pull and tug on her hard nipples.

I could see a considerable bulge in Wiley's jeans. It looked like a large cucumber straining to get out. 

I raised Bobbie's t-shirt over her tits and started sucking on her nipples.

Soon I had my hand in Bobbie's pants. My fingers felt her moist cunt and after wetting my fingers in her juices, I stroked her clit while she writhed and bucked trying to fuck my hand.

About four minutes later, the radio finished with "can't get enough of your love" by Bad Company she began to cum on my hand.

"Oh yes, mmmm, ughh ughh—I'm cummmming," she moaned out. I removed my hand and we took turns sucking her sticky cumm juices off my fingers.

I offered Wiley a sticky finger and he readily sucked on it quite nicely. 

Once inside Bobbie's house, we were quiet while she checked on Larry. He was fast asleep so we went into her guest room and immediately got naked. 

I laid down on the bed and beckoned Bobbie to kiss my pussy. Wiley laid next to me and my hand discovered his fat cock. It was extremely fat. My fingers could not reach half way around it. The head was the size of a ripe plum. It was a hand and a half long. 

I moaned while Wiley kissed me sweetly and massaged my titties and I stroked his fat cock. Bobbie was licking my pussy and then she found my clit with her tongue.

"Awwww, yes, suck my pussy," I demanded. She didn't disappoint me. She licked and licked but I was soon in need of cock. But first, I wanted to see that fat cock in Bobbie's pussy. 

I had her get on top of me on all fours. I scooted under her with my head looking directly up at her pussy. 

I guided his fat cock to Bobbie's pussy. Her pussy was tight and I knew she enjoyed being stretched because I had almost fist fucked her before.

I held his huge cock head between her fat pussy lips and rubbed it up and down the slit. I paid special attention to rub her clit with his wet cock head. Her ass pushed back in anticipation of its entrance.

"Hmmm—yea—let me feel it inside me," she cried out.

I could see that Wiley's cock head was nestled in her hot hole. He gripped her hips while prodding his fat truncheon to enter the tight orifice.

I could see and hear the fat cock as the head disappeared inside and the shoulders forced her pussy to stretch and open.

"Oh my God, he's sooo big---ummpfff—oooooo," she wailed but I knew it was passion wailing not pain.

"Take it, take it you slut, you love it, you love that fat cock don't you," I demanded.

"Yes, hmmm o' God yes, I love it," she moaned.

I couldn't resist using my other hand to massage Wiley's huge nut sack. Each nut was the size of a large lemon. 

"Mmmm, O' Bobbie you are so tight," Wiley mumbled.

Bobbie's hips were pumping back and forth rapidly trying to devour that fat cock. Her body was in overdrive impaling herself a little bit more with each mutual thrust.

Her pussy was in line with my mouth and with a small pillow behind my head, I began to furiously lick her clit and alternate by sucking on Wiley's nuts.

Wiley began to push his cock with earnest and plowing poor little Bobbie's pussy a little deeper and deeper. Bobbie's wet pussy provided a slurping sound as his huge cock was lodged to the quick.

He was finally up to his balls inside Bobbie's pussy. I licked furiously at her pussy stabbing her clit with my tongue. 

"Fuck her proper, fuck her hard now," I demanded.

Wiley began pumping his cock in and out a little bit harder each time as Bobbie's pussy loosened and soaked his cock with her juices. Each time he pulled out, her juice would drip into my mouth.

I reached out and pulled Bobbie's face down between my legs. She needed no encouragement from me. Her mouth covered my pussy and began sucking and licking in tempo with Wiley's pounding her pussy.

Slap, slap, slap, slap, went Wiley's cock and pelvis against Bobbie's pussy and butt cheeks. The bed was going crazy and the headboard was beating the wall. 

It was like an earthquake hit Bobbie's house. The slats in the bed were cracking as the fucking became more intense. After five minutes of hard fucking Bobbie lets out a scream like a banshee. 

"Ugggggggg—iiiiieeeee—I'mmmmmm cummmmmminngggg," cried out Bobbie.

My hand rubbed her clit and she began squirting copiously on my face and dripping down Wiley's nut sack. Wiley slowed then stopped his stabbing attack while Bobbie appreciated the moment.

"Ughhh, O' God, I have never cum so hard in my life," she exclaimed.

She pulled herself from the truncheon lodged within and Wiley's cock stood straight out at attention with her cumm oozing off his fat member onto the bed.

O what a good boy I thought. He didn't cum. He can handle it like a man.

"Suck my pussy Wiley," I demanded.

He didn't hesitate. His mouth covered my pussy and he sucked and licked at it trying to savor all my juices.

"Mmmmmm," he moaned.

"Yea, that's it suck my pussy," I commanded.

Wiley's tongue found my engorged clit and his tongue began a rhythm that was indescribable. It was like tongue on steroids. His tongue beat my clitoris in the fastest licking motion I have ever experienced.

I could feel its rat-a-tat staccato verberating in my cunt and up stomach. 

Wiley inserted two fingers in my cunt and wiggled them in a come here motion. I could feel my body rack with the sweet tension of orgasm.

"Ooooo—ughhhhhh---awwwwww—yesssss—hmpffff—yessss—I'mm cummminngggg," and my pussy released its juices on Wiley's face and fingers. 

"Oh stop," I exclaimed and pushed his face away.

My pussy was so sensitive. I took a few seconds to catch my breath.

"Isn't he great at eatin' pussy," asked Bobbie.

I didn't answer figuring it was a rhetorical question. I rolled over and pushed my ass up and face down. 

"You can fuck me now," I said.

Wiley knee crawled up behind me on the bed and directed his huge cock to my pussy. The head squished inside me pushing the thick shoulder until he was half way inside me.

"Ohhh, my gaawwwd—that's so big—mmmmm—eeeee, it hurts" it felt so good stretching my tight pussy channel. 

He was pushing in and out stopping so as not to cum. I looked between my legs and see his nut sack was tight and drawn up.

After a minute, his cock was buried to the hilt. He held his cock as deep as it would go, so as not to cum. I could feel my cunt spasm and his cock spasmed in concert. Then he began pounding my tight pussy.

Bobbie sat in front of me and my face found her juicy pussy. My mouth locked onto her clit and Wiley provided the motion by pounding me from behind.

Every time Wiley thrust inside me, my mouth and tongue stroked Bobbie's pussy.

We were a three people fuck team. Wiley's cock loudly slapped my pussy. Slap, slap, slap, slap, and the bed was literally moving and pictures fell off the walls. Items on top of the chest of drawers fell off. 

I thought the bed would fall into pieces any moment. 

My fingers dug into Bobbie's butt cheeks as the monster pushed and pounded. The intensity of the sensation gained on me. 

"Oh, fuck me hard—harder," I cried out. My pussy squirted as I came on his cock and I still wanted more. His cock found the additional juice more necessary to commense an even greater pounding than before.

Poor Bobbie was the victim of my mouth that gorged and pounded her sweet pussy each time Wiley slapped my pussy. She had already cum in my mouth once and she was fast approaching another cum.

My breath came in sobs; I closed my eyes in the fierce pleasure of a huge and constant spasm of emission. 

"I'm cumming," Wiley cried out. And with several small pushes, his cock oozed and spurted cum inside my pussy. I released Bobbie's pussy and looked back between my legs to see his white jism streaming out of my stretched pussy.

Squish, squish, squish, squish went his cock as he filled my belly with his cum. He pulled out and we all lay in a heap of arms, tits and legs intertwined on the bed.

Bobbie got up to check on Larry. I found a cigarette and lit it and then told Wiley he was going to have to clean up his mess. He smiled and said it would be a pleasure.

Bobbie came back with a warm wash towel and washed Wiley's cock and balls, then wiped my ass and pussy. Larry had slept through the whole thing.

Bobbie went to bed and Wiley and I talked a bit.

We smoked the cigarette and as I was leaning over to put the butt out, Wiley opened my knees and planted his face in my pussy. 

He sucked and licked from my ass-hole to my pussy opening and sucked again and rose up to my face.

Our lips met, his tongue opened my lips and he deposited a mouthful of his salty interest in my mouth. 

"Hmmmmmm—sweet cum," I said.

I was contented. We hugged and fell asleep with his fat limp cock against my ass. I fantasized having him fuck me in the ass. 

Stay tuned for more Adventures of Wiley Coyote, Chapter 6.