 Chapter 2 -- The evening continues.

"I need the bathroom Paul." Jean said as she stopped juggling with my balls and released them from her left hand to stand up.

"Mines a large G & T if you are getting drinks."

"Your wish is my command." I replied

Returning with the large gin and tonics I began to think back over the past few hours when Jean's voice brought me back to reality.

"Is that mine?" She said looking at the tall glass with ice and lemon in it as she sat down again and snuggled back into me.

"What are you thinking of doing now?" was Jean's next question.

"Don't know really, just been thinking things over. Never been in this position before, what usually happens, what would you recommend?" I replied.

"The usual. -- Well by that I mean the screwing and baiting will carry on. Some of the girls will start performing for those that want to watch, or join in with them. There will be some group gang bangs plus the odd exhibitions of the "I can take more than you", as I call it. DP is something else that the girls are doing a bit more off since they were shown the way by Freda. That always attracts a queue if willing pricks, both upright ones and those on two legs. A couple of them will show off their 'triple holes filled' party piece adding a bit of oral to the DP. Freda will no doubt do her, one in each hole and one in each hand, I can take 5 at once act." She paused for breath and smiled at the expression on my face.

"There's a group of girls that will be enjoying each other somewhere around. That's one of the reasons Chris is so rampant. His wife Clare has the sexual appetite of a rugby team and really enjoys either a male or a female romp. She's not to fussy about what sex it is she's with just as long as she is giving, getting and enjoying."

"As of yet we don't seem to have any men on men exhibitionists or any gay members, although there are some that come close." Her reply continued. 

"Then there will be the members like me, Kate, you and quite a few others that will just continue to enjoy themselves and do what comes naturally." She looked me straight in the eyes as she finished waiting for my reactions. 

"Do you mean Double penetration, two pricks in the same body at the same time? I thought that was something that only happens on blue movies? Do you do that?" My embarrassment was disappearing fast with Jean being so mater of fact about things. This was whole new world that I wanted to know more about.

"Sometimes, depending on the people I have playing with me and my mood. Personally I think it is usually greatly over rated from a girl's point of view but I can understand how the boys like it. On the other hand with the right combination I have hit the roof and come back to earth on a few occasions and that is one hell of a way to climax -- for all involved." A knowing smile crept over her face as it was obvious she was remembering an occasion or two.

"You really have had quite a limited sex life up to now haven't you? Don't get me wrong what you do is bloody good and add a lot of feeling, it's just the scope." With that Jean changed the subject a little.

"You will need to remember a few rules now that you have started playing." "No is no, but usually means you can ask me again later." "Yes is maybe, lets try." "Yes, yes, yes is, got the t-shirt, tried it before and want it again." Then there is the, ask for everything, no holes barred bit." Jean added a little giggle. "Didn't mean for that pun to pop out." She giggled again. "And don't be hurt or surprised if you don't get what you would like the first time you ask. Just keep asking, or try someone else."

"Oh and one more thing -- if you are spreading it around yourself then don't complain if Sue, or either of your daughters do the same." A serious glance in my direction said more than enough.

"It might be a bit of a shock if you are watching them at it the first couple of times. Just remember they are all old enough to make their own minds up and say No, or yes, yes please. I know of a few of the men in the group that would like to take Sue on, she has such a lot of charisma, and oozes 'try me.' But you know about that already."

"Then there's the girls, I'm sure there will be line of males wanting to be the first, or second, or third to lay Jo and Mo on there backs. Joe has so much sex appeal, guess she gets that from Sue."

"I know I was quite jealous of all the attention Kate received when she first came along and seeing Chris using that monster of his worried me at the start."

What Jean was saying was sinking in fast and I paused for thought. I was just about to reply when she interrupted me again.

"Before you say anything just think back to what you and Chris did with Kate earlier, and how much she enjoyed it. How would you feel if it was Jo, it will be one day. Now you were going to say?"

"Nothing I guess." (I paused.) "Except; - do you think it will lessen or upset Sue and my relationship if I carry on and Sue joins in. That bit worries me a little."

"Why should it. You just need to separate the love and sex thing a bit more. You screwed my arse while you were thinking of Sue's little brown ring and you are going to bend her over and try and fill that hole as soon as you get the chance. Yes?" A searching look can my way.

"Well that's adding to your love life as well as your sex life and something evidently you have both thought about but not dared to discus or try. You have tried me and liked it, I'm sure Sue will like it too once you slide it in her." There was another pause and look then she continued.

"Sue was all ears when I mentioned I was getting laid by Chris. She didn't shut the door on the conversation when we got onto anal sex and I told her how nice it was with something sliding in and out my little brown ring. In fact she wanted all the details blow by blow. That sounds to me like someone who is ready to take the ride. You're already on the train and you are not in a hurry to get off. A lot more sex can mean a lot more love and a more exciting relationship. I wouldn't be surprised if Sue made a b-line for Chris if your bring her along and let her loose. She seemed to like my description of his size and abilities." Another little smile appeared. "Would that upset you? Either of you can say No at any time. Just remember to talk to each other and enjoy each other as well as playing around. They say the biggest sex organ is the brain and it's you who programme that. Sex is great but if you can throw some love into it as well it just gets better." 

I felt like a six year old getting a 'mummy' talking to on life. 

"Now back to tonight. How about I talk to Kate and we go back to my place?"

"At this moment in time I feel like a cat with the cream and a new toy to play with. Personally I would love to spend the rest of the night romping around with you. I know you would like Kate in the same bed as well although I think the two of us at the same time would be too much for you. I or Kate could find another male body if you want to try I think you might need a little help later?"

"I thought I was going to go home to my bed and dreams. Yours sounds a much better option." 

"I can see that by the way your soldier is standing to attention again already. Pick up a few more of the blue pills on the way out. It's another six days before Sue and the girls come back isn't it? Jean was grinning like a Cheshire cat, with a twinkle in her eyes. Her hand was back around my now erect prick gentle playing with it and cupping my balls.

"I'll sort it." She said picking up her mobile and playing with the keyboard. It rang for a long time before she started talking.

"Kate, are you doing anything at the moment? Was thinking of going home early?" A short pause then followed.

"You are with Des are you, lucky girl. Thing is I have invited Paul to come back with me, us if you like for the night. You were right he is good. If you want to join us say so and if Des is interested you can bring him along." Another pause with the phone to her ear.

"We're off now." I could hear Kate talking excitedly but not what she was saying.

"Five minutes then, we have to get dressed and make our excuses too." She returned the phone to her bag.

"It seems like you made an impression on my daughter Paul. She said no way was I going to have you to myself. That I could share Des with her just as long as she got to play with you again. Could be a long and hard night in more ways than one." With that she stood up and started to sort out her clothes. Bra and G string were put in her bag then she slipped her dress over her head and brushed herself down. 

"That will do for the walk home. Come on get a move on." It was a short reply, or was it an impatient order? 

Taking my hand I was pull towards the front door with a couple of Goodnights on the way then we were outside in the evening air. Jean wrapped herself around my right arm as we started the 150 metre stroll to her front door. We could hear Kate just behind talking excitedly to Des. 

"How come your not attached jean." I asked. Then thought shit - it was the wrong time for that sort of question. 

"The bastard left me for my best friend a few years ago. With his parting breath he said I was 'like a bit of cold fish on a marble slab' in bed and Julie was the real thing. In those days I didn't understand what sex was all about. I got pregnant young, on my second or third lay and made the mistake of getting married. Neither of us really wanted it but our parents insisted." Jean continued her recollections as we turned the corner.

"For the few years of married life I just ambled along, like most couples do. The bedroom side of things consisted of me laying flat on my back a couple of times a week for five minutes of foreplay and quick shag. I really didn't know anything different, just felt something was missing. It all went tits up when I caught him getting a blow job from my best friend Julie. They were in the kitchen making coffee; well that's what I thought when I accidentally walked in on them. She just carried sucking him off while he told me how much better than me she was. He blow his nuts, she swallowed it all, licked her lips and he announced he was leaving. Next thing I knew he disappeared to pack a bag while Julie was left to clean herself up and apologise. She told me they had been shagging for months and that she was sorry but she really loved him." Her stride slowed and she hung on my arm a bit harder.

"Sorry I shouldn't have asked."

"No it's alright. Good thing really as it was a turning point in my life and I'm really enjoying it now. Catching them like that was a jolt back to reality. I took a long look at myself in the mirror while naked, shaved 'Daisy', had my hair cut, brought some new makeup and clothes and was determination to make the best of things. It took a couple of weeks for me to sort myself out and the rest of the staff to know what had happened. That's when Richard, the lecturer I told you about earlier, the one that taught me to deep throat, took an interest in me. A couple of compliments a bit of innuendo, then a shoulder to cry on then the next thing I knew I was watching blue movies in his flat and he was teaching how to fuck, and suck. The rest you know." 

"I do like men but I have not met another one I could settle down with and now I'm into this way of life I'm happy sharing it around for the moment." 

"I get the odd twinge to say 'I love you' every now and then; like when you hit me with my second climax and I could feel you filling me up with your cum. But that was just the adrenaline and hormones. I know I'm too much for one man and that I can love them all for a few minutes every now and then."

"Don't get me wrong I do have my 'preferred company' list. Right now you are at the top of it but that's because you're considerate and a good fuck. I wouldn't like to come between you and Sue and I know you two have the 'love attachment' between you. It's also nice to be able to give you back at the end of the day and just carry on living." She looked into my eyes and smiled.

Bloody hell that was deep. I thought. Serves me right for asking the question.

The key went into the lock and we walked into the hall. Jean left the door open for Kate and Des to follow us in and guided me, with a little tug, in the direction of the kitchen.

"Wine, red or white or a top up from the Gin bottle?

"Gin please long with ice and a slice."

"Nice layout, like the open plan and the deep pile carpet."

"Wait till you see the rest of the place, I've spent a long time giving it the personal touch." The seriousness had gone and the happy Jean was back bouncing around the room.

"Grab your glass and follow me we need to collar the bathroom before Kate gets in there."

I followed her across the hall to enter a large tiled room. There were full length mirrors on two of the walls and a large walk in tiled shower area at the far end. On one of the walls there was a pair of large white his n' hers sinks with cabinets and mixer taps. Three long radiators and a heated towel rail were spread around the walls. The floor was a Greenie grey flecked tile in large squares. The walls tiled in white with a trace of blue. The shower was open fronted and a good six feet plus by three foot with a couple of wooden benches in it. There were two big shower heads in the ceiling and a set of water jets placed round the walls. Two glass doors open up at each end to make it a walk in area. Not your normal shower by a long means.

"Christ Jean what do you call this."

"Lovely. Just the place to play with a body or two. Do you like it?"

"Sure do, who did you get to design it, it's great."

"Well it started of as a power shower conversion but the plumber and the builder liked the way I had to try everything to see if it was just what I wanted. It to a lot of overtime and 'practical hands on' testing, into the night on a couple of occasions. They were nice boys and they didn't charge me for all the overtime either." Another one of those knowing smiles said it all.

"Get them off then I need my back scrubbed." She said as her dress fell to the floor. My shorts and shirt were soon to follow. I stepped into the rush of a powerful flow of water which came from all directions.

Soap suds were appearing from Jean's hands as she squeezed a shower gel bottle of strongly perfumed liquid and lathered up her body. I felt her hands start to massage my balls and work their way up my erect member. I just stood under the water jet and enjoyed the attention. In front of me was a perfectly shaped pair of 'C' cups with nipples standing out like organ stops. The water was hitting them and flowing down to that shaven pubic mound I had admired so much earlier. 

Could I talk Sue into shaving hers I thought, it's so much nicer to eat and play with when it's bald. 

"Hey I'm doing all the work here, how about you give me a rub down at the same time." Jean jerked me back into reality. Not only by her comments but with the way she took my left nipple into her mouth and gently started to bite and suck it. The sensation went through me like an electric shock; it felt like my nipple was connected directly to my prick as my manhood started to leak pre cum while stood erect and as hard as iron.

Collecting some of the soap suds from Jeans body I smothered both her breasts before tugging on both her nipples at once and then squeeze and rolled her tits in my hands. 

She sat on one the bench's and watched the clear water to splash on my pubic region right in front of her eyes. It wasn't long before she gently started to lick my prick from top to bottom. Next she had one of my balls in her mouth while she massaged the other. Then back to my bulbous head working it with her tongue before she lightly let her lips take the first couple of inches into her mouth. She rimmed just under the bulbous bit with a slow gently motion.

Ooh yes, ohhh what a great feeling, shivers travelled down my spine and I became weak at the knees. My hands went to her shoulders as I steadied myself. This was a gently sensual attack on my body, not the rushed almost violent session we had earlier. 

A warm glow passed over me as the first two or three inches of my manhood was consumed by her tongue, lips and warm mouth. All the time she held my gaze with those big round eyes staring up at me. She moved my tool into the back of her throat but then stopped and took it back to her lips and tongued me again. She knew exactly how to play the game and tease me to my limits. All the time she was playing with my balls and that little bit of skin between them and my rear end. 

"Like it? You are such a lovely suck I could spend a long time eating you. Don't cum I want to save that for later. You seem a bit unsteady there propped up on my shoulders, sit down and let me pop a nipple into that open mouth of yours?" "There are a couple of holes that could do with a bit of attention and a wash and polish inside and out if you can spare the time." 

"Ooh fuck Jean I could take that all night, don't stop." I replied with a shiver.

"Hay there is two bodies here and mine needs some attention as well. Work me into a frenzy and you might get some more. Right now it's my turn." 

With that she gave me a couple of long deep sucks and then stood up smiling at me. "Sit down before you fall down." 

Once I was sitting the tit that was held firmly in her right hand was placed in front of my mouth with a very erect nipple touching my lips. I could do nothing else but slide my hand between her legs and take her nipple into my mouth where my tongue and teeth could attack it.

"Shit that's better, bit me harder you bastard, make me squeal. I told you I was noisy." She lent into me and took my head in her hands pulling me onto her body.

"Yes that's nice oh yes." I had slide two of my fingers into her fanny as far as they could go and was gently fucking her with them while my thumb was rotating around her clit. 

Oooh yes, yes, yes fuck, yes give me more, I need more than those fingers." Jean panted in my ear while I continued to gently bite and pull an each nipple in turn. 

Two can play this teasing game, I thought. 

"You're going to have to tell me exactly what you want. More what?"

"Ooh, oh more you bastard don't tease me I want you to fuck me, fuck me now. I want to feel you in me. I want that lovely prick in me. Right the way in me. I need to cum, make me cum."

I was feeling good and back in command as I stopped eating her tits and slipped my hand out from between her legs. I took her hands and placed them one on each of her breasts then I slide sideways from the bench and stood up along side her. She was still holding those beautiful erect nipples as I bent her forward and gripped her shoulders. Looking down I could see the roundness of her arse cheeks and my erect tool in her bum crease. 

She lent forward and placed her hands on the shower wall, while leaned back into me bending at the waist. It took only a second or two for my spare hand to guide my prick to the entrance of her love tunnel and start to slide into her. I eased the first couple of inches in then paused to sample the warmth and tightness as I felt her grip me with her inner walls. 

"Paul, Paul don't tease me let me take all of you. Please I want to feel all of you inside me." She muttered as she tried to push back further onto me. 

Her hands adjusted their position as she took her and my weight on her body as I slide into her. It was a long steady advance until I could go no further.

"Shit that feels good. Fuck me deep and slow Paul. I want it deep and slow. Let me feel every inch of you on your way in and out. Fuck me, shag me ooohhh it's a long time since I felt like this. Just fuck me please, please fuck me." 
