 The last two months had been fantastic. My sex life with Daniel was better than it had ever been. We continued to invite Marshall to join us in our bed on a regular basis, but something had been growing in me. A longing, a desire to add more variety and excitement. Since that Friday afternoon when I realized I had unconsciously been admiring my secretary's ass, I had noticed that I often gazed lustfully at women as they passed - women in stores, in the office, and on the street.

When I was in college I had several affairs with women, and for several years had considered myself to be bisexual. However, when I married, I put all that behind me, convincing myself that it was simply a phase, an experiment. Now, I was reconsidering.


I wanted to be with a woman. I could no longer deny that part of me. I was nervous about approaching Daniel, though. Even with as much as we had shared recently, I was unsure as to how he would react to this desire of mine.

Sighing, I resolved to broach the subject with Daniel this very evening.

I stopped for Chinese takeout and met Daniel at the front door as we both arrived home. Daniel looked relaxed and happy, and took the takeout containers from my arms as he swung the front door open.

Over Kung Pao Chicken and Crab Rangoon, I began to tell Daniel of my history.

"Daniel, I know I've told you some things about my time at University of North Texas, but there are some things you don't know." I began.

"Oh?" Daniel inquired, lifting one eyebrow.

"Yes, and it is important that I tell you now. Let me tell you a story..." Sitting back, I began to tell him the story of Eva, my first female lover:

"Eva was a year ahead of me in school, and lived in the apartment next to mine when I was a sophomore. She was beautiful, very tall and dark-haired, with deep brown eyes. We met the night I moved in to the apartments. She was having a knock-down, drag out fight with her then-girlfriend. Shortly thereafter she moved out, and Eva and I became inseparable. 

"We'd been friends for about four months when we decided to go out drinking and dancing at Cool Beans, the local club. We had a great time, drinking all the beer we could stomach, and dancing together, teasing the local boys with our dirty dancing. Several boys tried to cut into our dance, but we had eyes only for each other that night. Floyd's closed down at 2:00 and we walked the short 4 blocks home. 

"At my door, Eva stood there talking to me for a moment, then placed her hands on my shoulders and kissed me. It was the sweetest, softest kiss I had ever experienced as her lips moved over mine and her soft tongue slipped into my mouth. As she drew away, I gasped and pulled her head back down to mine, kissing her fervently.

"Eva stopped me, contending that I was too drunk to know what I was doing. I disagreed and pulled her close to me again. I really wasn't sure what I was doing, but I sure as hell wasn't that drunk, and I knew that I wanted Eva more than I had ever wanted anyone before. We kissed on the doorstep like that for several minutes, until a police cruiser came around the corner.

"Grabbing Eva by the hand, I unlocked my door and pulled the both of us inside. The local cops had very little tolerance for college students making 'displays' of themselves after the bars closed on the weekends. Eva laughed as the cruiser rolled by, playing its spotlight on the apartment windows.

"She quickly turned serious again, asking me if I was sure I wanted to be with her. I assured her I was completely serious. Unable to stand it any longer, we moved together and began frantically pulling our clothes off as we fell onto the couch. Before long we were lying naked half on the couch, half on the floor, limbs entwined, kissing passionately. 

"I was crazed with the scent of Eva - the scent of her arousal where she wrapped her legs around me, and the scent of her soap and shampoo. I shoved her back onto the couch and dove between her legs, lapping and nibbling at her fragrant cunt. Eva moaned and spread her legs further, opening for me. Her flesh was soft and slick with her juices, and I pressed closer. It seemed I couldn't get enough of her.

"Being a novice, I was unsure what to do to please Eva. So, I did what I liked to have done. First I licked the length of her slit, parting the lips and teasing with the tip of my tongue. She tasted sweet and smoky, and she intoxicated me. I teased her cuntlips until I heard her gasping above me, moaning for me to go further.

"Narrowing my focus, I flicked her clit with the very tip of my tongue, bringing that tender nub out of its hood. Smiling at Eva's moan, I sucked gently on her clit, nibbling just slightly as I increased the pressure. Eva's moaning escalated into muffled screams, as her hips bucked and I wrapped my arms around her thighs to stabilize my position.

"Eva wrapped her long fingers around my head, pulling me against her, as her hips moved rhythmically. 'Yes, yes, yes...' she chanted. Then, I felt a gush of wetness and Eva's chant became a high-pitched squeal. Eva collapsed back onto the couch, panting for a moment before she rose and led me to my bedroom where we fucked each other silly all night. We were a couple for several months after that."

I had been staring off into the distance as I related this story to Daniel. Now, I glanced over, to find him staring at me, astonished.

"Ummm." I said. "I hope you don't mind me sharing this part of my history with you. I really felt you should know. And I was not exclusively involved with women during college, but I did think I was bisexual for awhile there, and well..."

I was stammering, and Daniel interrupted me by abruptly standing up.

"Do I look like I mind?" Daniel demanded, coming around the dining table. His erection was tenting his pants, and there was a damp spot where he had leaked some pre-come. Daniel grabbed my hand and pulled me into the living room. "I don't mind in the least. I hope you share more of your stories with me." Daniel said, bending me over the arm of the couch and raising my dress. Growling he ripped my panties off, and undid his pants, dropping them just enough to get his cock out. With one thrust he buried himself inside my pussy.

Relating my experience with Eva had made me incredibly wet, and Daniel's cock slammed home easily. Moaning, I thrust back at him, wanting him to fuck me fast and hard. But Daniel wasn't going for it.

"So," Daniel began, sliding slowly in and out of my tunnel, "are you telling me you are bisexual?"

"Daniel, don't talk! Just fuck me!" I moaned, backing onto his cock. 

Daniel gripped my hips tightly, preventing me from increasing the pace. Maddeningly, he continued his slow, teasing thrusting. "Tell me, Karen. Are you bisexual? Are you into women? Come on, tell me what you want."

"Yes. Yes, damnit."

"Yes, what?" Daniel asked, and I could hear the laughter in his voice. He wanted to hear me say it.

"Yes, I am bisexual. Yes, I am into women. And yes, I want to be with women. I want to eat a woman, and I want her to eat me while you can't do anything but watch. Then I want to eat her while you fuck her."

Daniel growled and thrust hard into me. "Yeah, damn, I could get into that." Daniel began to pound into me then, fucking me hard and fast. I was so excited I could feel my juices running down my thighs, and soaking the front of his suit pants where he was thrusting against me.

Daniel's cock was spearing into me, and I was bent over the couch, the cushion on the arm rubbing against my mound. I tilted my hips and began rubbing my clit against the edge of the couch arm. I felt my orgasm approaching and pushed my crotch harder against the couch.

"Yes, yes!" I screamed. "Fuck me! Hard! Fuck me harder."

Daniel pounded into me and I came. I felt the muscles in my pussy grab onto Daniel's thrusting cock, and the friction he was creating made me come even harder. Daniel moaned and suddenly I felt his cock swell and spurt inside me.

"Damn, babe. You always get me worked up." Daniel panted, when he could speak again. "We're going to have to find us a woman to share."

That task, however, proved easier said than done. We considered every single woman we knew and discussed the idea of approaching each of them. But we were reluctant to approach any of them, for fear of offending them and ruining a friendship. I mean, how do you approach a friend and say 'Hey, we think you are really gorgeous and were wondering if you were, by chance, bisexual?'

Three weeks after my "confession," to escape our endless speculation and mounting eagerness for the addition of a woman to our bed play, Daniel and I decided to escape to Las Vegas for the weekend.

We arrived in Vegas on a Friday afternoon, checking into the Luxor hotel. Daniel had wanted to stay at the Bellagio, but I preferred the uncomplicated, laid-back luxury of the Luxor over the stuffiness of the Bellagio. We spent an enjoyable evening in our suite, luxuriating in the oversized tub and making slow, relaxing love on the gigantic bed. We dressed and went out onto the strip to have some dinner and do some gambling.

I was comfortably ensconced at a blackjack table at the MGM Grand, losing money but enjoying myself immensely, when Daniel stepped up behind me. "I am going to play some baccarat, and I think you should come with me." Daniel whispered, laying his hand on my shoulder. One look at the intensity shining from his eyes told me something was afoot. I played my last hand then followed my husband to the baccarat table.

There, playing baccarat like a pro, was the most beautiful Native American woman I had ever seen. She was about 5' 6" with straight black hair, down to her waist. She was very curvy, with gorgeous skin the color of café au lait, and had a beautiful smile. And next to her was the only open space at the table. Daniel stepped up to the open place, and smiled at the vision in her white man-tailored shirt. She glanced at him, smiling openly. Then she glanced back at me, and her smile grew even wider, her eyes taking in my cleavage. I smiled invitingly, then settled comfortably right behind them, watching the game.

As the game progressed, we learned that her name was Jania and she was from Rio Rancho, just outside Albuquerque, and not too far from our home. We laughed about how small the world could be, to meet one another in Las Vegas, when we could've just as easily met at the local grocery store. As the crowd around the baccarat table grew, we were jostled increasingly by those waiting to play. When one boorish man with a cigar complained loudly about the crowd, we three decided to retreat to the lounge.

We sat and talked for several hours, enjoying one another and the subtle flirtation that was growing between us. Finally Jania laid it all on the line.

"Look, I know you two are married, but I am getting some kind of strange vibe here with you both flirting with me. What's the deal?"

I glanced at Daniel, hoping he would take the lead, but knowing it was really my job to do it. Daniel looked back at me, inclining his head in Jania's direction slightly, indicating that I should explain.

"Well, it's like this." I began. "We are looking for a bisexual woman that we can share our bed with. I am bisexual, but haven't been with a woman for a long time. We did not come to Vegas hoping to find someone, but we are both really attracted to you..." I stopped, slightly out of breath and blushing furiously. It was difficult being so blunt about sexual matters with a virtual stranger.

Jania smiled sweetly, tossing her hair back over her shoulders. Then stood up. "Well, if we are being honest, I have to admit I am very attracted to you both. And what is Vegas about if not having a bit of impulsive fun? Your hotel or mine?" She asked, her smile turning to a devilish grin as she held her hand out to me.

I grinned back, taking Jania's hand, and rising from my chair. "Our hotel, if you don't mind." I answered. "We've got a nice big bed and a jetted tub."

The short walk back to the hotel passed in a blur, Jania walking between Daniel and me, her arms linked through ours. We got to the Luxor then rode the "inclinator" to the 17th floor, where our suite was located. As we entered the room, Daniel dragged a chair over near the bed, then flopped down into it. Jania looked over at him, giggling, then turned to me.

"I take it he is into watching?" Jania asked, tugging my tank top over my head.

"Yeah, he is. But this time, he is watching because I asked him to." I grinned, unbuttoning Jania's shirt, and slipping it off her smooth shoulders.

We slowly stripped each other of the rest of our clothes, touching and stroking as each area of soft flesh was uncovered. Finally, Jania's panties slid to the floor and we stood there completely nude, admiring one another. Jania was gorgeous, her hair a shining waterfall down her back. Her curvaceous body looked good enough to eat. And of course, that is exactly what I had in mind.

Jania and I moved together, kissing passionately. I heard Daniel grunt quietly as he watched us move to the bed, then I was completely involved in Jania and forgot that we had an observer. Jania pushed me onto my back, bending her head to lap at my already-hard nipples. She slowly teased them with her tongue, nipping occasionally, as I moaned.

I let Jania have free run of my upper torso and she licked and sucked my tits thoroughly before kissing a wet trail up my chest and nuzzling into my neck. She nibbled on my earlobe as she settled on the bed next to me. I sighed with pleasure as I felt her soft lips on me, then rolled over onto my side, once again capturing Jania's tongue in my mouth.

I kissed her, pushing her back onto the bed, the worked my way down, kissing and licking her neck and shoulders before settling on her breasts. I teased each swollen brown tip with my fingers before following with my tongue and teeth. Jania moaned as I nibbled at her, tangling her fingers in my hair.

I reached down with one hand, skating over the smooth skin of her belly and into the furry thatch between her legs. She was hot, nearly burning up, and so incredibly wet as she spread her legs for me. I parted her folds gently with my index finger, exploring the moisture gathering there.

As I continued to nibble at her gorgeous tits, I let my fingers slide in and out of that slippery flesh, spreading her juices and teasing her clit with my thumb. Jania gasped as my thumb repeatedly stroked her clit, coaxing it from its hood.

"Yessss.  Oh, yes, please." Jania gasped, her hips beginning to pump. I slid two fingers inside her tight channel and moved my thumb in little circles around her protuberant clit. Jania yanked on my hair and moaned, spreading her legs even wider. I took this as a signal to move down. As I began to kiss my way down toward her pubic hair, Jania stopped me with a whisper.

"I want to eat you, too." She said faintly. "Please?"

I moved over her then, positioning my overheated pussy right above her eager face. Then, I leaned down and began to lick Jania's dripping snatch. Her hands snaked around my thighs, pulling my cunt down onto her face and we happily dove into each other.

Jania tasted sweet, like pure water and honey, and I eagerly lapped at her pussy. Everything about her was intoxicating, her scent, her taste, her eagerness as she spread her legs and tilted her crotch to give me better access. All at once I wanted both to make her come right then and also to make this last forever. But Jania was also lapping away at my slick folds, teasing my clit and making my body shudder. I felt the very beginning of an orgasm, and knew that I'd be coming before long.

I sucked on Jania's pussy lips, nipping at them lightly with my teeth, and was rewarded with a fresh gush of pussy juice. I eagerly slurped that up, dipping my tongue again and again into her well. 

I slid my stiffened tongue in and out of her pussy and she gasped, then did the same to me. We went on like that for a bit, each of us getting more and more aroused by the other's tongue fucking. Finally, Jania groaned and moved to my clit. She slid her tongue in tight circles around my tender nub, then began to lick directly on it in short, jabbing thrusts. I squealed and quickly moved my attention to Jania's clit.

I made a small "o" of my lips and sucked on Jania's pebble, applying pressure as I licked at it vigorously. Jania bucked and spread her legs wider still, moaning against my pussy. I slid two fingers into her clenching tunnel, and began to slowly finger-fuck her while I worked at her clit. I felt her cunt convulse around my fingers, and knew Jania was very nearly there.

Jania slid a finger into my pussy, wetting it, then shoved it into my rear passage as she began to suck harder on my clit. I lost my focus for a moment, screaming and humping onto Jania's finger at that point. Before I knew it, I was coming, grinding my ass onto Jania's finger, and my cunt down onto her face. She licked and sucked me through my orgasm.

Finally, I came back to myself and realized I had not finished with Jania. I resumed my manipulations of Jania's pussy, and soon had her writhing beneath me. I slid a third finger into Jania's snatch and that was all it took.

"Karen...yes, oh God, yes..." Jania moaned, her hips pumping up at me. I continued to slowly finger fuck Jania as she came, and soon my hand was completely drenched in her juices. As Jania's movements became less frenzied, I withdrew my fingers from her still-throbbing pussy and glanced up at Daniel.

At some point he had stripped out of his clothes, because he was now completely naked, sitting in his chair right next to the bed, closely watching as Jania and I pleasured each other. I raised my head and grinned, then climbed off Jania's body, and stretched out next to her. Jania and I kissed again, as we snuggled close to one another. Then we both looked over at Daniel.

"He's been a very good boy, I think." I said, grinning. Daniel's cock was sticking straight up and was bright red and dripping pre-come. "He saved that hard cock just for us."

"Mmmm...and it does look tasty." Jania laughed, extending her hand to Daniel in invitation. Daniel quickly clambered onto the bed, bracketing Jania between our bodies. Jania stretched luxuriously, arching her back and presenting her tits to us in open invitation.

Daniel and I moved together to lick and suck at her diamond-hard nipples, before Daniel moved between her legs. I slid a hand down and teased Jania's clit for a moment with the head of Daniel's cock.

"Oooo. Yesss. Fuck me." Jania moaned, bringing her knees up to her chest. "Stuff me full of that hard cock."

I guided Daniel's cock into Jania's waiting snatch, feeling her wetness engulf him. Daniel groaned loudly as he slid completely home, his balls slapping against Jania's ass with a wet sound. He held still for a moment, a look of intense concentration on his face, and I knew he was trying to hold off his orgasm.

I slid my hand up to Jania's clit, stroking it lightly as Daniel began to thrust. Jania moaned, tossing her head back and forth on the pillow and wrapping her arm around my neck. I lowered my head and kissed Jania, coaxing her tongue into my mouth. Our tongues wrestled, and my finger continued it's gliding around Jania's clit, when suddenly Jania's back arched and she let forth a guttural growl. Daniel looked down in amazement as Jania's pussy spasmed and she gushed fluids all over his crotch.

"Wow, that hasn't happened to me in awhile." Jania panted, kissing me on the side of the mouth.

Daniel was still pumping away slowly inside Jania, and she did not seem inclined to stop, despite her recent orgasm and ejaculation. Daniel grinned at us, then began pick up the pace, slamming his cock into Jania's cunt with ever increasing speed. Jania moaned again, then whispered to me that she wanted it doggy style.
