 Late in my college career my roommate Bill was dating a very attractive woman named Sarah. She had long brown hair and a really nice body with large and well-rounded breasts. The three of us hung out a lot together and Sarah and I became good friends.

Sarah had been toying with the idea of getting a job at a local strip club to make some money, but wasn't sure if she could really go through with it. At first Bill and I figured it was just talk, especially as Sarah figured she would have to get pretty drunk to have the courage to go through with it.

At a party one night, the subject came up again and many of the guys there were pretty encouraging. Bill pulled me aside and asked if I would like Sarah to strip for me when we got back to our apartment. I laughed, figuring he was joking. Bill said he wasn't.

"She keeps talking about it and talking about it," Bill said. "I'm tired of it. I figure if she's afraid to strip for you that'll be the end of it."

Bill also had mixed emotions on whether he'd be cool with her stripping for strangers and figured that if she was willing to strip for me it would be a way for both of them to test the waters and see how they felt about her stripping for strangers.

"If she's willing to do this, I don't want you to hold anything back," Bill said. "I'm serious about this, just act like she's just another stripper and pretend I'm not there."

Suddenly I couldn't take my eyes off of Sarah. She was wearing a low-cut shirt that showed off her cleavage really well, along with a short skirt. I certainly wouldn't mind seeing her naked. I pointed out to Bill that strippers can get groped by their customers. He again encouraged me to hold nothing back. I figured this was his way of getting her to "put up or shut up."

When we finally got back to the apartment, we were all pretty buzzed. Bill told Sarah that the only way to find out if she really wanted to be a stripper was to strip for me. Sarah just laughed, but Bill said he wasn't joking. He put a chair in the middle of the living room and asked me to sit down, which I did.

Bill went to his room and put on some appropriate music. When he got back to the living room, he told Sarah that if she couldn't strip for me there was no way she could do it in front of a group of people. He pulled Sarah off the couch and led her to me, putting her hand in mine. He then sat on the couch and said we should both pretend he wasn't even there.

"Come on Sarah," I said. "Dance for me." Sarah thought about it for a few seconds before a smile ebbed across her face and she started to dance, slowly at first but with increasing speed as she gyrated around the living room. I pulled a few dollar bills out of my pocket and waved them at her. She laughed and danced her way over to me.

Sarah took the money from my hand, then turned around and sat on my lap. She put her hands on the arm of the chair and started rubbing her ass against my crotch. I wasted no time and reached around to caress her breasts through her clothing. Sarah closed her eyes and let my hands wander. I looked over at Bill and he nodded encouragement, so I moved my hands down below Sarah's skirt and between her legs.

Sarah got up and started dancing in front of me seductively, slowly undoing her blouse before letting it fall to the floor. She then sat on my lap facing me and removed her bra. I buried my face between her tits, caressed them with my hands and eagerly sucked on her nipples. She let out a sigh and I knew that there was little chance of either of us stopping.

I tugged on Sarah's skirt and she stood up so I could remove it. She then dropped her panties and was now completely naked and looked spectacular. I let out a whistle, which caused her to smile proudly. She was clearly loving the effect she was having on me.

Sarah danced around the room, her lovely tits shaking all over the place. She then came closer to me and leaned in to stick her breasts in my face. I eagerly tried to suck on them, but she swung them out of the way with a laugh. 

She put a hand on each arm of the chair, holding my arms in place, and stayed there for a while with her breasts dangling in my face as I desperately tried to get my mouth on them. I occasionally succeeded in getting one of her nipples into my mouth and she would let me suck on it for a bit before pulling back.

After a few minutes of teasing me like this, Sarah released my hands and I quickly grabbed her body to pull her onto my lap. I feasted on her breasts before she turned around and continued the lap dance, rubbing her now bare ass against my crotch. I reached my hand between her legs and stroked her pussy. I could tell she was getting really turned on.

I was more horny than I could stand. Sarah then turned around and started undoing my pants. I stood up so Sarah could remove my jeans and underwear, then sat back down and removed my shirt.

Sarah kneeled in front of me and draped her hair over me, teasing my dick with it. She then let her boobs dangle over my dick, lightly touching it. I squirmed and thrust my hips, trying to make better contact. Sarah then grabbed my dick and lightly rubbed it against her breasts. She then cupped her tits, holding my dick between them, and looked up at me with a smile as I tit fucked her. 

She finally lowered her mouth to my dick and showered it with light kisses, driving me into a frenzy. Then Sarah took my dick into her mouth and I was in heaven. I discovered that Bill wasn't lying when he told me that Sarah was an expert cocksucker. It wasn't long before I was shooting my load down her throat. She swallowed it all down and milked me dry with her mouth.

Bill was now naked and he grabbed Sarah, pulled and got behind her on the floor so he could fuck her from behind. I enjoyed the view has her large breasts swayed to his bucking. After they came we all sat on the couch and had a drink. Bill asked Sarah if she thought stripping was for her. 

"Well, maybe not in public, but around here I don't mind," Sarah said with a smile.

We all laughed. Sarah just smiled before leaning over and taking my dick into her mouth. After she got me good and hard she did the same to Bill and suggested we relocate to Bill's bedroom. Sarah got on all fours and I fucked her from behind while she sucked on Bill's dick. Bill and I each lasted quite a bit longer that time.

We all rested a bit before I wanted another go, so Sarah nursed my dick back to its full hardness with her mouth and then let me tit fuck her while Bill watched. When I came, she took me into her mouth and milked my balls dry. I then staggered back to my room and fell asleep. 

The next day Sarah came into my room a little embarrassed at what had transpired the night before. I assured her that I wouldn't tell anyone and as a thank you she gave me a wonderfully slow blowjob, showing my dick with light kisses, then teasing it with her tongue before taking my full length into her mouth and rapidly throating me until she swallowed my load and sucked me dry. I fell back to sleep with a smile.