 Ch. 03: Let's Play!

Author's Note: This is part 3 (parts 1-2 sets it up)... and 4 and 5. After feedback from the first two chapters, I've combined three of the original chapters into one and deleted the original submissions. So yeah here we go. And yes you'll need to know how to play Hearts.

--------------------------------------------------------

Friday and Saturday passed uneventfully, at least for Michael. Other than the couple of meals they've had together (he wasn't sure who cooked, but it was delicious), the women had pretty much gotten out of his way and kept to themselves. 

The weather was beautiful Sunday morning and they had laid by the pool for most of it. Michael certainly didn't complain -- his balcony had a good view overlooking the pool and with his dark Raybans, he could sneak in more than a few glances at the four scantily clad women in between reading the pages of his book. 

It definitely wasn't such a bad idea for them to come after all as he felt a stirring in his loins more than once. He's had his share of beautiful women, but there's something about those you can't have that elicits one's inner base-ness, if it be called that. 

He must've dozed off as Nicole hollered from below telling him that lunch was ready. They ate, and the women talked about driving to the nearby village town 20 mins away to check out the local sights. Michael suggested a couple of places to eat, though there really were literally only a couple of places unless they wanted to drive further out which they already have. Pretty soon Michael had the lodge to himself again. They weren't going to be back for dinner, so Michael just put a quick sandwich together as he had a feast of a meal for lunch anyway. 

In between, he had worked out and watched a couple of movies, and then after dinner and a nice bath retired to his room balcony to finish up his book. He heard the women return soon after, but as it was the past couple of nights they were probably going to just spend the night in the den talking about whatever it is women talk about for hours on end. The den was far enough that he couldn't hear them, so it didn't bother him one bit. 

--------------------------------------------------------

He had been reading for about 45 mins when he heard Nicci enter his room. If he sat in the balcony, he would usually leave his room door open since he couldn't really hear anyone knocking when he sat outside. He had told the women that if they needed anything to just enter. None of them had done that all weekend, until now. 

"Hey Mikey... sorry for disturbing you..." Nicole smiled apologetically, but from what Michael could tell, she was a little tense... not tense as in nervous, but excited almost. 

"Heya no probs... What's up?"

"Are you busy?

"Well define busy..."

"You reckon you could come downstairs for a little while?"

"Sure... is everything ok?"

With what Michael thought was a slightly mischievous smile and what seemed like a twinkle in her eye, Nicole replied - "Definitely! Just needed to show you something that's all..." 

Michael put his book down and followed Nicole down to the den, not neglecting to check her behind has she walked in front of him. Her denim hot pants didn't leave much to the imagination. However, he was beyond intrigued right now as Nicole didn't say a word, but she did walk with a bit more of a bounce than usual in her step, so it seemed.

Something is up. He thought. 

They're not gonna attack me and rape for my money are they?

He grinned, though being sexually attacked by four incredibly gorgeous women wasn't such a terrible ordeal. 

He got to the den and the three women who were seated on the modular chase lounge greeted him with what Michael thought were sly smiles, for a lack of better term. 

"Ok now I'm REALLY worried. What's going on ladies? I'm not in trouble am I?"

Nicole, who was still standing next to Michael, spoke up. 

"Far from it. We wanted to thank you for letting us use the lodge this weekend...."

"Oh but you already have....! I've been well fed, for one." 

"Yeah but we really want to thank you." Nicole said with a hint of sexiness in her voice. 

"Oook...." Michale glanced around almost nervously and excitedly at the same time at the three women on the lounge, before switching back to Nicole standing next to him. She continued. 

"Well what do we give the man who has everything? What can we give him that he probably wouldn't be able to get by himself?"

Michael's curiosity-meter is about to explode, though the suggestive nature of Nicole's tone gave him an idea of where this might be headed. 

"Look ladies I'm uhhh...I didn't open my lodge to be uhhh.... thanked..."

Krystle chimed in. "We know. But we want to do it anyway." 

Nicole laughed. "Don't be so nervous Don Juan! We're not gonna jump your pants if that's what you're thinking! We're not that easy....And plus, I know that you've had more than your share of conquests and the bevvy of beautiful women that you've bedded, some of which I'm sure have thrown themselves at you."

Michael finally swallowed the lump in this throat. 

"Okk...."

Nicole continued. 

"So here's what we've decided we're going to do. You probably don't know this, but the four of us can be somewhat competitive, so we're not going to go easy.... But I think you'll enjoy what we have come up with as much as we'll enjoy doing it too."

Michael took a deep breath behind his anticipating smile. 

"And I think I'm going to get the lawyer to give you the spiel."

Nicole moved towards the couch as Ellie stood up and moved to face Michael. 

"We've recently been engaged in an online card game -- you've heard of Hearts?"

"Yeah sure. First to reach 100 loses...as little points as possible...Queen of Spades and all that....."

"Yup. So here's the deal. Instead of just playing our regular game of Hearts online on our tablets between the four of us, we're going to play... Strip Hearts."

Ellie intentionally paused for effect as all four women smiled at Michael (who had unintentionally stopped breathing for the moment). Ellie maintained dead eye contact as she continued. 

"And you get to watch." 

Michael definitely stirred in his shorts. He was glad he was wearing a loose pair of cargos over his jocks to at least somewhat hide his member, which was undoubtedly about to get a lot more blood flow. Ellie kept her stare on him while his eyes briefly darted to the other ladies behind her on the lounge, and then back to Ellie. 

"Strip Hearts... like Strip Poker?"

"Yup. We'll get to the rules in a sec."

From where she was sitting, Nicole urged Ellie on - "And tell him the part that he really wants to hear first...." 

With her gaze still on Michael and the sexy grin on her face getting bigger, she deadpanned -- "You get to fuck whoever loses." 

Damned if Michael didn't explode right there and then. All of a sudden he remembered that he needed to breathe again. 

Ellie continued matter-of-factly. 

"So the rules -- you know hearts is up to 100, whoever gets that loses. The object is of course to get as little points as possible. No Jacks of diamond bonus and shooting the moon gets everyone else 26 points. Basically, you lose a piece of clothing for every 20 points you lose. Each of us have four on, so at 60 points, you see some real flesh, and at 80 points we're nude. Whoever gets to 100 points...and that of course can be more than one of us if you're really lucky...well she's yours to fuck and do as you please in your chambers tonight. Any questions?" 

Michael didn't know what to say. All the blood had obviously rushed from his brain to between his legs. The fact that it was 'innocent' Ellie telling him all that made it even harder for him to breathe.

Krystle spoke up - "You didn't tell him about the 90 point rule." 

Michael looked at Ellie quizzically; the women had obviously talked long and hard (no pun intended) about this, as Ellie continued to keep her smile and stare on him as she followed on from Krystle.

"Oh yeah thanks Krys. Since you're going to see at least one of us nude, we want to see you too. When one of us gets to 90 points, you'll have to strip."

"What? That's hardly fair! I'm not even playing!"

"You didn't let me finish. Once one of us gets to 90, and you strip, that person has to suck your cock in front of all of us." 

Michael almost died. He can't remember Ellie ever being so brash... even when she was drunk. And the matter-of-fact way in which she said "yours to fuck" and "suck your cock" was just too incredibly sexy.

"Ok hang on a minute.... This is like... April's fools right? Sure it's September... but come on..."

Nicole chimed in -- "You don't like this game?"

"FUCK YEAH I think it's great!!!" Michael replied probably a little too quickly as the women giggled. 

He ran through the possible scenarios in his minds. He hadn't played Hearts for a long time, but he was familiar with the game and knew enough that a "worse" case situation would see one person losing it all and the others not having lost more than 20 or 30 points, if even that. Well one is better than none especially since he's perved on all four of them over the weekend. He was going to get laid no matter what happened tonight. However a best case scenario could see him fucking THREE of them, with the fourth one still being nude and sucking his cock. 

He definitely liked those chances. Right now, he was so turned on he honestly wasn't sure how he was going to handle more than one tonight, if luck truly went his way. 

"I think we should give him a little bit more." Jenny spoke up for the first time. Everyone turned to her in surprise. 

"Let's make the non-pass rounds a Michael strip round... as in he gets to strip whatever piece of clothing we lose that round." 

I have definitely died and gone to heaven. What have they been eating? I must remember to make sure I find out! 

Nicole laughed... "We might as well call that the grope round! I'm sure he'll be running his paws all over whoever he's stripping!"

All of a sudden Michael got daring. "I'm sure I will." 

The women looked at each other, smiling. 

"Fine then," Ellie spoke up. "Add the grope round to the rules then, That's basically every 4th round. And hrmm... we need a time limit to this -- how about he gets 20 seconds to do the deed with no restrictions per se, but he can't go beneath any piece of clothing. How does that sound?"

The women smiled and nodded.

"Ok hang on..." Michael took a deep breath. "Let me get this straight... You're about to play strip Hearts. 20 points per piece of clothing. Every fourth round, I get 20 seconds to strip whatever piece of clothing you lose that round as I have unrestricted access to your body, except I can't go underneath a piece of clothing you still have on. At 60 points I get to see your tits. At 80 points you're nude. At 90 you suck my cock. At 100 I get to fuck your brains out." 

The women all giggled. 

"Don't get to excited cowboy..." Nicole chimed in. "There's pride and bragging rights involved so none of us are going to be easy. If we wanted to let you fuck us we would've just done it, but this is a girl power thing you know.... However at the same, we'd like to really show our gratitude."

You are most fucking welcome!!! 

"But hang on... wait..." Michael stuttered... 

The women looked at him quizzically. 

"If more than one of you gets to 90 or 100, I want to be able to uhh... decide... uhh... when I urmm.. collect the urmm... the...prize."

"You mean you don't want to two of us sucking your cock at the same time?" Nicole teased; she was merciless and she loved watching Michael so out of his normal, ultra confident personality.

"Oh no of course not! If two of you got to 90 together, then fuck yeah. But if one gets to 90, and the other the next round or later... well a blowjob is only a blowjob if it's completed right?"

"As in you want us to suck your cock until you shoot your load all over our face?" Nicole deadpanned. 

"...yes."

"But you only want one blowjob tonight?"

"No no!! I mean urmm.. well let me put it this way. The first one will be quick...The next one, not so. I could go all night." 

He paused. The women almost raised their eyebrows in unison. 

"So I'm just being... you know... considerate, that the rest of you isn't watching one of you suck for my cock for a while until I cum."

Nicole laughed and looked at Ellie. 

"Well what do you think Miss Lawyer who's setting the rules?"

Ellie blushed for the first time tonight. 

"Ok then. IF more than one of us gets to 90, Michael can decide when he wants to have the blowjob. But the first one definitely has to be in front of everyone. Same deal goes for 100."

Michael interrupted probably a little too quickly -- "And you suck me off until I cum."

Somehow the conversation is now between Ellie and Michael as Nicole teased her... "That's right Ellie you're going to suck his cock until he cums in your mouth."

"He is not cumming in my mouth!!! And I am not swallowing!"

Ellie replied probably a little too quickly. 

The other girls giggled. Michael's dick stirred. 

Krystle spoke up. "And neither am I! But I wouldn't have to worry since I'm not going to be the one who's losing." 

The other women hollered almost at unison at Krystle in retort as they laughed. 

"So urm... let the games begin?" Michael stuttered. 

The women giggled again and without saying another word they took out their respective tablets and iPads and loaded up the Hearts game. 

THIS IS GOING TO BE FUCKING AWESOME,  Michael thought. 

He tried to contain his excitement as he walked behind the couch, stopping briefly behind each woman as they loaded up their Hearts app and signed in to connect to the network. 

This is turning out to be a VERY GOOD weekend indeed! 

As Michael walked behind and around each of them, he made a point to notice what they were wearing. Jenny sat in the far corner, and she had on an orange tank top and a floral patterned sarong kind of skirt. The zipper for the skirt was down the front, and Michael could see her grey bra straps peeking out the side of her tank straps.

Nicole was next to her, though she shifted herself to an angle into the corner of the lounge so the others wouldn't be able to her iPad and vice versa. She had on a blue top that stretched against her 38D chest, and he could make out the faint outline of her striped bikini top that he had seen her wear over the weekend. She also had on denim hot pants that he had the privilege of checking out earlier when they were walking from his room to the den. 

Krystle, sitting the main couch area, had on a tight yellow blouse that had a couple of buttons which were done up, but nevertheless accentuated her gorgeous 36C bust nicely. Her small frame made them stand out even more. She looked like she also had her bikini on; from what Michael could make it out it was probably the black and white polka dot suit that she had worn yesterday. She also had on a pair of khaki cargo shorts. 

Finally, Ellie was sitting on the other couch, directly facing Jenny. She had on a simple striped blue top along with a pair of knee high blue denim shorts. Michael couldn't tell what she had on underneath, but he could see a slight hint of her nipples just poking out through the blue striped top.

Nicole sat up. "Alright girls looks like we're all ready...."

Michael took a deep breath. 

"Let the games begin!" Ellie proclaimed.

Round 1 began like normal -- the women would get to pick three cards from the dealt hand to dump to the next player. After receiving their cards, play began with Ellie's two of clubs. Each of the women seemed to have their own strategy, but as far as Michael could tell as he alternated behind each of them, they were certainly trying to get as little points as possible. He was slightly offended at the notion that they were playing to not sleep with him, but he chalked it up to their competitive nature as Nicole had mentioned and realized that the more they didn't want him so to speak, the more desirable they somehow seemed. 

Damn I'm messed up,  Michael thought to himself with a grin. 

Round 1 ended with Ellie picking up 15 points, all because of the dreaded Queen of spades. Jenny picked up 6 points, Krystle 5 and Nicole at 0.

Nicole chimed in -- "Well this is the kind of start I'm looking for." 

Ellie retorted, "Don't be too sure girl. You know how quickly things can turn."

They all smiled.

Sure enough in round 2 both Ellie and Jenny only picked up 2 points, with Krystle picking up none and the remaining 22 points all going to Nicole. 

"Told ya!!!"

"Strip! Strip! Strip!" The three women began chanting.

Michael felt his dick go really hard, even though Nicole was just taking off her blue top and revealing her bikini. Heck he'd seen her in a bikini many times, but this time the excitement and build-up of it all was causing an incredible reaction.

Nicole moved to the centre of room, made eye contact with Michael who was still behind the couch where she had been sitting, and pulled the top over her head slowly and suggestively. After taking it off and throwing it on the floor in front of her, she giggled and jumped a little, and Michael's dick stirred further as her 38Ds bounced a little. It looked like she almost purposefully pushed her tits together before sitting down and picking up her iPad. Once she settled, everyone clicked deal for round 3. 

This time it's Krystle who picks up the Queen of Spades, along with three other Hearts cards, which brings her total to 21. 

"You know what to do!!" Nicole teased.

Krystle stood up and went to the same spot. She then undid her two buttons on her blouse and pulled it over her head also somewhat slowly, revealing indeed her polka dot bikini underneath which barely contained her 36Cs. She then pulled her hair back to tidy up a little, which of course gave the incredible effect of pushing out her tits. Michael did NOT complain. They were clearly intent on putting on a show and teasing the hell out of him.

After three rounds Nicole was at 26 points, Krsytle at 21, Ellie at 17 and Jenny not too far behind at 14. 

The non-pass round 4 is up next. 

"So this is the uhh... grope round." Michael tried to sound as nonchalant as possible as the women giggled. 

Both Jenny and Ellie, at 14 and 17 respectively, were quite close to their next strip point -- 20 that is, and Michael began to mentally figure out how he was going maximise the 20 seconds he has to take off their particular piece of clothing while still copping an incredible feel. 

I wonder if they'll have their top or bottoms removed? Nic and Krys have opted for their top, but maybe Ellie and Jen will do something different. Jenny's skirt sure looks interesting enough. And gosh I would love to get my hands on that ass. And Ellie's tits... I can see her nipples. She can't be not wearing a bra? It must be a really sheer one... 

The round began with Krystle being incredibly aggressive -- it looked like she might be trying to shoot the moon... The prospect of this really thrilled Michael because if Krystle shot the moon this round, that mean the other three women would all get 26 points, and he would get to strip them all! His dick stirred yet again and was starting to get really rock hard. 

However, there was no such luck and ultimately, it was Krystle herself who fell to her own devising as she picked up 21 points, bringing her to 42. Nicole picked up 4 to bring her total to 30, Ellie only picked up 1 to bring her to 18, while Jenny stayed at 14 points. 

"You just want him don't you!" Nicole teased, as Krystle got up to move to "the spot".
