 I woke up naturally the next morning, stirring gently and stretching my arms and legs. Half asleep I could tell it was light outside so it was passed 9.00 am, by what time I was not sure. Something didn't feel right, but I was too sleepy to really care what it was. I shifted my weight to lay on my side, as I laid down I sensed someone laying next to me, almost at the same time I worked out I was naked. I opened my eyes to be greeted by Lisa smiling at me, "Morning" she said in a chirpy tone, "Wondered when you would be waking up, sleep well?"

I smiled back at her, slightly surprised to be lying next to a girl when I was naked. The memories of the night before came flooding back as my eyes glanced up and down her lying next to me as naked as I was. I smiled again and answered "Yeah slept well thanks. Did you?" Lisa just replied with a nod and a smile.

I looked at the clock and saw that it was half past 9, I glanced over to Dave's then Steve's door and they were both still closed. Guess I still had a while of not being stared at, well, at least not by blokes anyway as I noticed Lisa was looking up and down me as I perched on my elbow. It was a weird feeling, I was lying in a communal room totally naked, being looked at by a girl and not only that, but any moment, one, or both the blokes doors could open and I would be on show to three people. Three people who a few months back I didn't even know. That isn't even mentioning that I was in bed with a girl, after being fingered to orgasm. Not only enjoying it at the time, but not ashamed or slightly embarrassed about it now.

I sat upright stretching my arms and legs again and got onto my hands and knees to work out how to get off the enclosed sofa with a bit of dignity. As I manoeuvred my face went very close to Lisa who lent forwards for a kiss. I greeted her lips with enthusiasm as I had my first ever good morning kiss from a girl. Or at least first ever good morning kiss with tongues from a girl, and definitely the first one that made me tingle in all the nice places.

I soon realised it wasn't really possible to exit the sofa with dignity so I just stood up and climbed over the back of one of the sofas. I am sure it gave Lisa a very nice view between my legs as I stretched my legs over the sofa and onto the floor. Which I noted was very cold. It was then I noticed it was generally cold in the flat. I walked to the kitchen and flicked the heating on smiling to myself as I saw my very erect nipples in the mirror on the way. I would have liked to have blamed the cold, but I am sure it was the kiss I just received that had perked me up.

I went into the bathroom and switched the shower on. Still intrigued by my new found smoothness between my legs I found myself maybe paying a little too much attention to that area. I heard a door open and Dave said "Arr, a naked girl, just what I like to see in the morning, where is Fi?"

"Shower," Lisa answered

I heard footsteps getting closer, I knew I was about to be on show again, I composed myself and faced away from the door so all he would see would be my bum and back. I sensed someone at the door, just as Dave said, "Ooo a naked wet girl in the morning, even better," I looked over my shoulder and smiled at him. He turned away and went away.

I got out of the shower and dried myself off. I walked out of the bathroom, totally naked still drying my hair with the towel. I noticed Steve was sat on the sofa as I went into the kitchen and asked who wanted a drink. It was a strange feeling. I was totally exposed to two blokes and a girl, yet my shyness had gone. Inhibitions had gone, or at least faded. For years I knew I wasn't gifted in the breast department, but as I stood there making the drinks it didn't seem to matter. It had been one of my major hang-ups, for years, yet here I was with them on show, and not caring, not even in the back of my mind. I put the drinks down and watched the TV, which turned out to be pretty rubbish which Steve did comment on. I smiled as Steve said it, it was this situation that lead to me ending up naked in the first place.

"Something funny?" Steve said

"No, just thinking it was this situation that caused me and Lisa to lose our clothes," I replied with a smile on my face

The conversation briefly centred on our defeat for a while before trailing off to course work and other boring University topics. It is funny how you get used to being naked. It is also funny how quickly other people get used to you being naked. Apart from the obligatory look up and down when I walked in I hadn't really been looked at. Neither had Lisa for that matter. I didn't yet realise just how much that was going to change. It was just gone half 10 when the silence got broken.

"Time for a dare don't you think Ladies?" Dave half asked, half said

"Pick a hand," Steve said before we even answered the question

Me and Lisa looked at each other before asking what was in them. As it turned out two pieces of paper each with a dare on. I enquired if one was worse than the other, but the answer was evasive at best. I prompted Lisa to pick the hand and she went for her left, his right. He dropped a folded piece of paper out of his hand onto the table, Lisa said that I could read it, Dave suggested reading it out loud.

I reached forward and unfolded the paper, my eyes went wide as I read it, I read out the dare to them all which was entitled "Playtime".

"You are to both play with each other till one of you has an obvious orgasm. The first one to visibly climax loses. The winner wins back her panties for the rest of the day."

I am not sure what my emotions were at that time. Would it be wrong to admit that I wanted to do the dare? If for nothing else to watch Lisa get off again. However she was good, very good, eye crossingly good. What if she was too good? Could I make her cum before she made me cum? It was a double whammy for the loser, they would be the only one still naked and on top of that everyone would get to watch them orgasm.

I wanted my panties back, I had made her cum quickly last night I reasoned, "I am game," I said

Lisa looked at me and smiled. It was a "touching" dare, so we both had to agree to it first as set out by the rules at the start. "What can we use?" Lisa quizzed

"Whatever you want," Dave replied, "But if you want some limits just state before you start, otherwise feel free."

I think they were both quite surprised that we agreed to it. It was either surprise or building excitement for what they were about to watch. Maybe a bit of both. Very likely to be a bit of both I expect. We were allowed into my room as it was closest and it would just be easier on a bed. I was unsure of how to start really. Bit awkward with an audience. Although I must admit it was strangely exciting being watched.

We lay next to each other then Lisa quietly asked so the boys didn't hear if I was turned on. I assume she meant wet and the answer was no. She said that neither was she so we agreed to prepare before we started. Was also an excuse to tease the boys and give them a show. Lisa slowly leant in for a kiss as I met her half way, our tongues intertwining together as we kissed. The boys mouths just dropped as they watched. My hand slid down to Lisa's nipple as I gently, but firmly squeezed her hardening nipples. It wasn't long before the preparation was done, so to speak. Don't know about wet, soaked was likely more accurate. She was good, I hoped I was as good.

"You ready?" She whispered sexily into my ear, I nodded my head and asked her the same question. She returned the nod and continued "Okay, first one to climax loses?" she half stated half asked

I think both Dave and Steve were beyond words at this point. They both just nodded slowly. I am not sure what they were staring at, it definitely wasn't mine or Lisa's face. "First to orgasm visibly loses, no faking or lying ladies," Steve managed to mumble.

Lisa turned round so she was at my feet then edged herself back up till her arms were level with my pussy and propped herself up on her elbow. I positioned so I was comfy and scanned up and down her body. She really did have the most gorgeous breasts, pert and rounded. I felt her stroke up and down my leg and side, then she slid her hand down to gently squeeze my breast as she headed south. Her soft delicate fingers heading down, over my tummy, my belly button, over my pussy and down the inside of my leg teasing them open.

I lifted my leg for her giving her access. I gently squeezed her breast, pinching her nipple as it hardened to my touch before sliding my hand between her legs. She was as wet as I was, such a relief as my fingers glided into her pussy, directly hitting their target landing on her clit. She twitched and gasped slightly as my fingers found their mark and started a slow circling motion gently rubbing and teasing her as my middle finger slipped further down towards her entrance. Teasing her vagina with my finger, pressing just hard enough to slowly push inside her.

She quickly returned the favour, my clit erupting in the dizzying sensation of controlled touch as she teased me with her fingers. She shifted her weight slightly as she positioned herself higher on her elbow and I felt pressure against my entrance, moments before I felt her inside me. I am not sure how many fingers she was using, but it felt amazingly nice. She didn't finger me the night before, and this felt more than nice.

My breathing was quickening as she worked her magic with what felt like was all over me, when in fact she was using two or three fingers, was she using two inside me? I couldn't tell? Did it matter? My tummy and nipples were tingling with each movement she made.

I changed position and searched for her g-spot. I had to get the upper hand again, but she had the rhythm to perfection. I could barely support myself on my elbow. I steadied myself and stared at her hand between my legs. "What was she doing?" I said to myself.

I looked at her pussy. I was sinking down on my elbow as I lost control. I noticed my mouth was not far from her pussy. I hesitated for a few seconds wondering if I should lick her? I felt a pulse of pleasure rush through me which made my mind up. I had to lick her, which was obviously something I had never done. I had had it done to me, but you don't really pay attention to what he is doing, you just enjoy the moment till he gets bored and wants a blow job in return for twice as long. I lowered my head towards her glistening pussy when I felt another pulse race up and down my body. I tensed up and froze, my fingers still playing with Lisa the best I could coordinate.

Lisa knew I was close and that she was entirely in control. She will have felt the pulses rippling through my body, even if the boys didn't see them.

Her fingers changed position and hit my g-spot instantly, my mind and body just exploded with a sensation that was indescribable. My coordination was gone, I could barely focus on anything with the sensation between my legs at that moment.

My fingers were still inside her but not moving as I tried to control my breathing to hold off the orgasm. My head was swimming as I slipped further down off my elbow and onto my back. I could feel myself slipping onto my back, my legs opening giving Lisa better access to my most intimate place. I knew what this meant, but it didn't matter. I just needed this feeling to keep going. Getting my panties back was insignificant at this moment. Lisa saw my submission and positioned herself over me. As she spread my legs I felt a finger press against my ass. I was well lubricated from the fingering which must have lubricated there as well. Before I could complain I felt my back door submit to her finger as she slid inside me. My eyes bulged as I felt her finger slide deeper and deeper into my virgin ass. I had never let anyone go there, not even with fingers, yet here I was both holes and clit were being played with, with an audience and I didn't care. Dare I say I enjoyed it? It made me feel tighter, which made her fingers in my pussy feel more intense. I put my arms above my head and just waited, waited for the inevitable wave to wash over me.

She smiled at me, and shifted position to be able to kiss me, I kissed her back as her fingers hit every spot I knew of, plus a few I didn't know of. "Dignified orgasm or screaming the house down?" Lisa asked.

"Just let me cum," I gasped out as she once again stopped me climaxing by going deeper in my wrong hole and stopping teasing my clit momentarily.

"I wasn't asking you," she replied with a mischievous glint in her eyes

She was in control. Totally in control. I could feel my excitement building with each moment of her fingers, stretching my head back and trying to push deeper onto her fingers. She had done this before, I was quite literally a puppet on the end of her fingers. She was going to decide when I orgasmed and how I orgasmed. I glanced over to Dave and Steve and they were visibly rock hard, even through their jeans they were poking forwards. I closed my eyes and accepted my fate

She whispered in my ear "Public orgasm time"

I smiled as I heard her tell me what was going to happen, I was about to orgasm with an audience, and with this build up it was unlikely to be a dignified one. She kissed down my body, sucking my nipples one at a time, then kissing my belly button. Her finger then stopped rubbing my clit, as I opened my eyes and looked down to see why on earth she had stopped I just saw her head lowering down. As her tongue touched my sensitive clit I just squealed with pleasure as my hips bucked towards her tongue instinctively. I had lost, my body exploded with pleasure as wave after wave of orgasm hit me. I squirmed on my back, uncontrollable moans and squeals leaving my lips as her tongue flicked over my clit while she fingered both my intimate areas. Each flick of her tongue renewed the climax intensity as I lost count how times I orgasmed. Pushing her head between my legs and squealing to orgasm after orgasm I pushed my hand down my body between her tongue and my clit, covering up my pussy. I had had enough.

I felt Lisa climb off the bed as I curled up into a ball, my pussy aching with the intense orgasms I had just had, my breathing slowed back to normal as I came back down to earth. I opened my eyes and saw Dave and Steve just staring at me. Massive grins on their faces. I guess they had just watched their wet dream turn into reality. I felt uncomfortable and not just because I had just squealed and moaned my way to multiple orgasms with then watching, I was very wet, wet enough to make my bed clothes touchably wet which were now getting cold against my naked body.

I swung my legs off the bed and sat on the edge just looking at the two boys, I wondered where Lisa had gone, then she came back wearing a pair of panties. For the first time in days her pussy was covered. I glanced down and saw mine glistening with a mixture of my excitement and Lisa's sliver. I corrected myself, mainly my excitement as I got up and went for a shower.

"Fuck, I lost". I thought to myself as reality hit home. As I thought about it I felt myself flush with embarrassment. I had just been watched while I squealed and moaned to multiple orgasms. Not only that, but she had fingered my ass and I enjoyed it. I stood in the shower just reliving the past events, the water running off me as I soaped myself up and made myself presentable again. I got out of the shower and dried myself off.

I came out of the shower and looked at them, lined up on the sofa. The boys still grinning ear to ear. I noticed that Lisa still looked hot with her panties on. She had picked black ones, high leg, but not a thong as they covered her bum up entirely. I sat down on the sofa next to Steve and asked "Enjoy the show?"

I admit I didn't listen to the answer. Of course they had. They had just watched a girl finger and tongue another girl to screaming orgasms. They had just experienced their wettest of dreams. To finish it off I guess all they needed was an offer to unload the contents of their balls into, on, or near either of us. I cleared my mind of those thoughts and got back to the TV. Which was still poor quality. Jeremy Kyle was on now, hardly award winning TV. Well, at least if I was handing out the awards anyway.

The rest of the morning was spent watching various daytime shows, while I was very conscious I was the only one naked now, and would be for the rest of the day. I had got used to it, but for some reason now I was a bit shy. Nothing had changed really, it wasn't like I was getting stared at by anyone. They had just seen me legs akimbo screaming my head off as I bucked and shuddered to orgasm. They had seen it all, but in the back of my mind there was a voice, and the voice was saying, "Fi, You do realise you are naked don't you?"

Lisa made the dinner, which consisted of ham and cheese sandwiches. As she said, she was best dressed so she will make the dinner. I wasn't sure if she was being nice, or if she was rubbing it in that I was starkers while she was wearing panties. The more I thought about it, the less it really mattered. She was hardly "Walk through town" decent. Still didn't detract from the fact that I was as naked as the day I was born mind.

Was quite an uneventful afternoon really till the doorbell rang. I looked at Lisa, Lisa looked and me, then we both looked at the two boys. "So, who opens the door?" Dave said, "You two can decide between you, or paper scissors stone it"

I looked at Lisa and said, "You are best dressed for it."

"Hell no," Lisa relied, "I may be more dressed than you but I am hardly decent enough to be opening a door."

I got up and looked through the peep hole. It was no one we knew and they had a uniform of some sort on. We looked at each other and I said, "Best of three then? Or just one go?"

"One go, loser opens the door," Lisa relied

"One, Two, Three" as Steve counted us in

Scissors beats paper, I win!.

I couldn't help but smile on the outside as I ducked away so I couldn't be seen from the doorway, just then the doorbell rang again, getting impatient obviously. He had probably heard us inside yet no one had answered the door. "One second" Dave shouted, "Looks like you are going to make someones day, no hiding either, be brave" Dave said to Lisa

Lisa just stood up and slowly approached the door. She unbolted it and pushed the handle down. Taking a deep breath she opened the door letting it swing open. The air tension noticeably changed as the door slowly revealed her to the delivery man. There was a long silence as I assume he took in the view. "Eyes are up here, what do you want?" Lisa barked

"Need a signature" he said, "Parcel for Fiona *****"

Yay, my DVD was here I thought to myself. Ironic it was for me I thought as Lisa stood in the doorway only wearing her panties. A story for the pub for him no doubt I though to myself. I heard the door close so walked to claim my parcel and unwrapped it. At least we have something good to watch now. As Lisa slowly returned to her normal colour and not bright red she said "So glad there was no one stood in the corridor when I did that, how bad would that have been?"

No one really answered, I just smiled and the boys teased her a bit that he was probably cracking one out over that sight this very moment.

The boys disappeared into their rooms soon afterwards and left me and Lisa alone. We chatted about random things, until my curiosity got the better of me and I just blurted out "I cant believe you fingered by ass."

"I didn't hear you complaining" Lisa answered, "In fact judging by the state of your bed you enjoyed it a fair amount."

I blushed as it was true, my bums cherry had been popped by a girl, "How close were you?" I asked, changing the subject.
