 This story follows on directly from my previous story:- http://www.literotica.com/stories/showstory.php?id=449963

Consequences of Losing Monopoly

 I was knelt down, totally naked, the cool air around my nipples causing them to get visibly erect. Steve was gorgeous, his flat stomach with the start of a six pack was inches from my eyes. His cock was so nice, each thrust it seemed to grow in length and diameter, my mouth nearly not wide enough to take it, and no where near deep enough to take his full length. Each excited thrust pushing his head up against my tonsils causing me to gag slightly, my eyes were watering a little bit, which made me glad I wasn't wearing any make-up. Strange what trivial things go through your mind when you are getting your mouth fucked by a guy you have known for three months in a room with another girl doing the same to another guy she has also only known for three months.

I reached up with my right hand and placed it at the base of his cock, my finger and thumb could barely reach around it as I slowed his thrusts down and started to take control. My finger and thumb barely reaching round the base of his cock as my three other fingers curled round and played with his balls. Controlling the depth he was thrusting made it a lot easier. Teasing the head of his cock, pushing his foreskin down with my lips and twirling my tongue over his massive purple head. He moaned softly as I toyed with him using just my mouth and tongue. I looked up at him with wide, slightly wet eyes from the gagging and smiled at him, his cock still in my mouth. I started rocking my head back and forwards squeezing my lips and tongue up against his shaft. I was enjoying it, I had power, he was putty in my hands, well, very hard putty in my mouth anyway.

I heard Dave moan quite loudly, glancing over to see Lisa pumping him with her hand, the head of his cock in her mouth before he shuddered and Lisa's hand slowed down as he fired straight into her mouth. She stopped moving her hand and sucking as he fired the contents of his testicles into her waiting mouth. When he was finished she squeezed her lips round him and milked every last drop as he withdrew. His cock, which incidentally was no where near as nice as Steve's, twitched as it fell from her lips and was already losing its "perkiness". She smiled up at him, the semen visible in her mouth as she smiled. She closed her eyes and consciously swallowed, opening her mouth to prove she had just swallowed his load. She wiped her mouth and stood up, once again my eyes were drawn to her bald pussy before she turned round and sat on the sofa leaving Dave to sort himself out. She glanced over to me to see how I was doing.

I started to suck Steve faster and harder, using my hand up and down his shaft as I danced my tongue around his head on occasion plunging him deep into my mouth. I was very conscious I was on my knees, totally naked with a guys cock in my mouth. Which was a weird feeling to say the least. I was wondering how long it would take, once again thoughts of "what if I wasn't good enough to make him cum", "what if I cant swallow it", "what if... what if...."

He was looking down at me, smiling, and it made me shiver, a nice shiver. I took his head as deep into my mouth as I could, licking and caressing him with my tongue as my right hand moved up and down his shaft as fast as I could. His stance changed and I felt him tense, I moved my left hand up and gently squeezed and caressed his balls, his breathing was getting quicker, I could sense that he was close to cumming. He was staring at me, his eyes glazing over he half said, half gasped "I'm cumming!"

I lifted myself up on my knees so his cock was pointing towards the roof of my mouth, I didn't want this straight down my throat making me choke. I felt him get bigger, how was that possible, his cock tensed up and I felt something warm hit the roof of my mouth. I was shocked at the force it fired into my mouth with. I clearly felt it hit the roof of my mouth, then spread around the top of my mouth propelled by what seemed like a never ending stream of cum. Then something warm and salty covered my tongue. He moaned quite loudly as a second shudder went through him laying a warm ribbon of cum over my tongue, as each shudder went through him, my mouth got another squirt of his seed. It felt like he had emptied a glass full of his cum into my mouth when he finished. Why didn't this much come out when it was where it was supposed to be, my mind switched to how all that would feel blasting inside me, that amazing feeling as a guy fills you. He relaxed a bit, he was finished. I closed my lips around his cock and let him slide out.

"Time to swallow Fi" Lisa said. I was being watched, which made it some how worse, self consciously I tried to swallow but couldn't, I just couldn't make myself swallow. It didn't taste bad, but it was cum. It wasn't meant to be in the place it was. And it most definitely wasn't meant to be in the place it would be if I swallowed it. "don't think about it, just swallow it, you don't want the perv to see your tits" Lisa encouraged

I tipped my head back and gulped, it went down. It felt like it lined the inside of my throat as it trickled down into my tummy. It was then I realised it tasted and felt quite nice going down. I opened my mouth and lifted my tongue to prove it was swallowed. Steve smiled at me and started to get dressed.

It was Lisa that mentioned we needed some underwear for them to keep their side of the deal, to which Dave said "yep, one second, where do you keep your underwear? Will pick you some good ones"

I was a little shocked, I thought we could pick the underwear, what would they pick for us? I wasn't too worried about them picking something embarrassing as the worst I had at University were a few very high legged panties and push up bras that pushed what small breasts I had upwards for a bit of cleavage. They weren't ideal for walking around a shared lounge with a pervy cleaner walking around, but they at least the panties covered my bum and were not a full thong. Plus they were infinitely better than nothing on at all. What was worrying me was what else was in my underwear draw. All girls have them, and mine were in my underwear draw. Two things I really didn't want them to see. One was purple and eight inches long, the other was a bit smaller but had "ears". Both used batteries and both were more than capable of making my eyes roll back into my head on a regular basis.

Lisa looked terrified, it was either the light or the colour just drained from her face. She tried to argue insisting that we went for our own underwear but she was cut short. The facts were they had the keys, we had a choice. Stay naked, or let them pick our underwear. I opted for them picking my underwear. Lisa just scowled, and eventually agreed to them picking her underwear. They went to get mine first. I could tell Lisa was worried, and I am sure I wasn't exactly the face of calm either. "So, what is in yours apart from your underwear then" she asked.

I replied to her shyly "oh, you know, the usual", Lisa just looked at me probing for a more detailed answer, I continued "two vibrators"

"Could be worse" Lisa answered

I questioned the answer "how so exactly?!?"

Lisa looked despondent, then replied, "I have a dildo and a vibrator. A massager for "intimate" use, but they don't really bother me, what does is if they find them I also have some remote controlled vibrating panties. Even if they don't find them, I have some very scanty panties, and some very see through bras"

I was about to respond when judging by the noises from my room they had found my two toys. I blushed slightly as I knew what they had found. I heard my underwear draw close and they came out. Steve was dangling a pair of white panties and bra on his finger as Dave stood next to him waggling my eight inch vibrator smiling. My slight blushing was amplified. I felt the heat of embarrassment surge up my body as I went very very red

"So, use this often" Dave enquired looking at me "weekly? Monthly? Daily? Hourly?" he pressed

I looked at the floor, "Not really that often, weekly maybe"

I was shocked I had answered, he was now waggling something that he knew explored my most intimate area weekly. I just buried my face and hugged my knees. He disappeared and put the vibrator back and they walked towards Lisa's room. As Steve went passed he handed me my underwear and smiled. I smiled back. I liked him, and not just because I had a tummy full of his cum, he was nice. He was taking advantage as I was sat here naked clutching a bra and panties like they were gold dust, but he was nice. Very nice. I had never really looked at him in that light before. Always as a house mate, but yeah, why not, he was... well, he was nice...

I looked at what they had picked me and I was quite relieved I didn't have anything too revealing. They had obviously looked, as I had the highest legged panties I had and one of my push up bras. I stood up, and for the first time in hours I was not naked. The feel of wearing underwear felt like I was fully clothed. It felt weird. I was comfortable only wearing my underwear. I sat back down and looked at Lisa who was looking a bit worried. I didn't know what to say, so I just said "it is better than being naked"

She just smiled and agreed, "OMG wow" Dave said. Lisa closed her eyes, she knew what they had seen. Dave came out holding what I thought was a baseball bat. It was HUGE, I crossed my legs and rested a hand over the front of my panties instinctively, that was nearly as long as my body! It would rip me in half!

Lisa stared at the floor and blushed a little. For the first time to date she was lost for words, and a little quiet. She whispered to me "it is for two, not just one". Almost like she was defending the size of it. I was a little confused, I knew what she meant, but why would she need a double ended dildo? Lisa just smiled at me. I wasn't sure if the smile was an answer to my puzzled look or not. It definitely raised more questions than it answered though. I smiled back at her, it was still huge even if Lisa took the other half I thought to myself. Pausing for a second, did I just reason the size sharing it with Lisa I asked myself.

Dave was still stood there wobbling it from side to side enjoying seeing Lisa almost die with shame. "So, how much of this do you take then?" Dave asked

Lisa didn't answer and just stuck her finger up at him. Dave seemed satisfied with that and went back into her room. You could hear then laughing and talking to each other. A while later Dave came out and raised both his hands. On his left there was a tiny pair of panties and a bra that was clearly very see through even from this distance. In his right hand were a pair of "sensible" panties with normal bra. "You have a choice, which ones do you want to wear" Dave asked

Lisa said under her breath "fuck, they found them", she continued "that depends who has the remote to the ones on your right"

Dave said "we will throw a dice for that pleasure. You can be one, Fi can be two, Steve three and myself four. If it is five either one of you can control them, if it is six one of us will"

Lisa followed it up with "can I see the other option please"

Dave threw the scanty underwear to her and she looked at them. The panties were tiny. Literally string and a tiny triangle that went to the front. They were that small you had to be shaved to wear them. The bra was hardly worth wearing it was that see through. Obviously designed just for support and to be as discreet as possible under clothes.

She asked if they could roll the dice first then let her decide, at first Steve said no, but after a bit of talking they said that we would. But if she changed her mind she forfeited either bra or panties of the other set.

She went quiet and said "get the dice, if I don't like the result I forfeit the bra yeah? If I do that can I pick some different panties?"

They agreed she could pick her own panties if she forfeited the bra and the dice was thrown. It was a six... One of them would have control of the vibrating panties "she asked what level would they be on", I answered immediately out of pure curiosity "how many levels are there?"

She answered and said they have ten levels. I could tell Dave was tempted to say a high level, but he answered her question with a question "what levels start to get good, if you know what I mean"

Lisa seemed to have lost a bit of her shyness "do you mean at what level would you get to watch me orgasm?" Dave nodded, "level five or six" Lisa continued.

They had a little whisper, and I took the opportunity to question Lisa asking how good were they, she replied "Depends if you can handle direct clit stimulation or not, if you can they are very very good" I was interested, sadistic as it was, I think I wanted her to lose.

"We will throw a dice to decide what level, so the worst level you will get is six, but if we throw this next dice and you back out of wearing them you forfeit your panties as well so you will be naked" Dave said

Lisa said "as long as they aren't switched on till the cleaner is here and in the flat I agree to that"

The dice got thrown again, FOUR, it was a four. Lisa looked a little worried but grabbed the vibrating panties and slipped them on as well as the bra. She grabbed the remote and showed them how to use it. One button for higher speed, one button for lower speed and one to switch them on and off. I am sure they could have worked it out, but maybe she just wanted to feel like she was in control. When in actual fact she wasn't at all. I wanted to ask if level four would make her... you know... but I didn't. I decided if the tables were turned I wouldn't appreciate the question.

It was ten minutes till the cleaner arrived, the TV got switched on and we settled into watching the poor excuse for daytime TV. I must admit I wasn't really paying all that much attention to it. My mind was wandering, wandering between Steve, Lisa's panties, my vibrator being shown to the whole room and then me admitting to using it weekly...

**BUZZZZT**

Steve leapt up and answered the door, it was the cleaner, Dave grabbed the remote     as he clicked up to level four and put the remote down. Lisa tensed up as he pressed each level up and her eyes went a bit glazed before she blinked them clear and settled down, shifting her legs from side to side before sitting still, I assume to reduce the sensation between her legs. Everyone was looking at her, the cleaner was just wide eyed staring as he switched between me and Lisa. It was then I realised I was only wearing underwear. After being naked for so long I felt well dressed, in actual fact I was half naked still. I adjusted my position to better hide my panties and crossed my arms to reduce the view of my bra.

The cleaner stared for a bit before just getting on with his job, either time was going slow or he was taking his time. Glancing at the clock it was 20 minutes since he arrived. He was taking his time. The cleaner disappeared into the kitchen and Dave asked Lisa "are those things even on? Cant hear them?"

"Yes they are on" Lisa snapped back in a tone I hadn't heard before. It was between pissed off and losing control... sexually... Her breathing was not as regular as it normally is and her nipples were poking very visible bumps through her bra. It was then I realised if time was going slowly for me, how bad was it for Lisa getting pleasured with an audience. I was curious what level four was like, I didn't ask, all I knew was direct clitoral stimulation for me was better than the penetrative sex I had ever had, and she had had 20 minutes of it

Dave immediately backed down and didn't question her answer, I am not sure if she took him by surprise, or it was a genuine question and the way she answered very much confirmed she was getting her clit stimulated. As we turned our attention back to the TV the cleaner came out of the kitchen and said he was done and told us to have a good holiday.

As soon as he went out Dave switched the panties off. Lisa smiled and admitted that was close near the end. She was "fighting the feeling" as she put it. I was just dumbfounded, Dave and Steve got up and went to make drinks. I had so many questions, yet I didn't dare ask any of them. My mind limbo was halted when Lisa gestured a look between my legs. I looked down, there was a small spot of excitement visible through my panties, I covered myself up and changed my sitting position to hide the fact I was wet enough to show through panties. Looking at the floor and blushing slightly. Lisa smiled and just said "not half as wet as I am" as she opened her legs to show me, sticking her tongue out playfully.

I have said it before, and I will say it again, I am not a lesbian and I don't fancy girls but when she opened her legs and I could see her excitement I felt funny, and it was a nice funny. It was a very nice funny. I had a tingle between my legs. The tongue, well, the tongue, sticking out at me. I read so much into that in the fraction of a second it was out. Flashes in my mind of her nakedness, her baldness, her wetness, her tongue, my wetness.... I replied with sticking my tongue out and smiling playfully.

Dave and Steve came back with the drinks and we settled down to watch TV, about 30 minutes in Dave said "Oi, wait a minute, why do you two have clothes on? Naked please"

Me and Lisa just looked at each other and simultaneously called Dave a twat before standing up and stripping to just our birthday suits again. Luckily my excitement had gone, the same couldn't be said for Lisa, she was glistening as the still visibly wet panties slid down and she stepped out of them. Neither Dave or Steve noticed her wetness, I did, I couldn't help it, it was morbid fascination. Maybe morbid is a bit strong. There was nothing morbid about her nakedness, but I wasn't looking with a sexual interest, just an interest, I couldn't explain it. I didn't want to explain it. I was beginning to doubt the innocence of the explanation.

Steve stood up and picked up my discarded underwear giving me a sly smile as he went to my room and just threw them inside. I couldn't really complain, it was hardly tidy anyway. Then Dave stood up and picked Lisa's underwear up, "Wow" he said "they really are good aren't they, either that or you pissed yourself".

He obviously gripped them tighter, I can only assume so he could feel the excitement that she had soaked into them. Lisa didn't reply, or even acknowledge him as he went and threw them into her room. We were once again naked, our rooms locked and we didn't have the keys. I think I was used to being naked. It didn't bother me much any more. Don't get me wrong, if I had the choice I would put something on and quickly, but it being out of my control, and them all having seen everything god had given me anyway I wasn't overly bothered.

The day time TV was shocking, it was three o clock in the afternoon and all we could find to watch were cartoons. Which weren't even good cartoons. What on earth happened to Rug Rats? Doug? And the like? I was quite happy when I was ordered to make everyone a drink to break the boredom a bit. I stood up and went into the kitchen, three pairs of eyes following my nakedness as I went, I gave them a cheeky wiggle of my bum and smiled back at them. Well, I say back at them, it was intended for Steve, all three smiled back though, including Lisa. I started to read too much into it the thought of that huge double ended dildo jumped into my mind, I am sure you don't need me to tell you where my over active imagination had put each end of it. I reasoned with myself that if Lisa wiggled her bum like I did I would have smiled as well. So I stopped my imagination before it got too carried away.
