 Ch. 07: Threesome... or four. Michael has his way the women... and vice versa.

"And how many minutes is a few minutes?" Jenny purred sexily as both her and Krystle sauntered towards the bed. 

So Nicole isn't coming after all... ah well. Three out of four is still a win for sure! And I'm betting Nicole will want to get back on me on her own terms... not sure if I can last more than these two sexpots in front of me though... I guess Nicole will have the upper hand.... 

Of course, getting dominated by a busty blonde with 38D tits was certainly not a bad thing at all but right now, Michael's focus was on the two sexy brunettes walking towards him. Impossible as it may sound, the night was going to get better. After all, he had just totally had his way with Ellie, the girl-next-door-type 25 year old lawyer with the 36C tits. Sure she was inexperienced, but she was tight and basically allowed Michael to do whatever he wanted. Even then, he didn't go too crazy on her and saved some energy for the rest of the night. 

Krystle was the shortest of the four women, which made her 36C tits appear even larger. She had the curves, and Michael guessed that besides the snowboarding and skiing, she probably worked out a little too. Not muscular, just enough to keep off the fat while still maintaining the curves. He had finger fucked Krystle to orgasm earlier, and she had sucked him off already, but she looked right she was definitely ready to go. 

Jenny, the one with the slender model figure, had just sexual lust oozing from her; Michael can't imagine the tricks she had up her sleeves and how wild she would get, but he certainly couldn't wait. He didn't particularly have a foot or leg fetish, but if he did, Jenny would be a dream come true. Not that what's about to happen isn't pleasant. He knew he would be ready to go again shortly, but if anyone can get him going again sooner, it would be these two women in front of him. 

Michael sat up on the bed as Ellie moved off him, but still staying on her side propped up on her elbow while facing Jenny and Krystle. She didn't look like she had enough energy to keep her eyes (barely) open, let alone sit up. By now, Jenny and Krystle stopped walking and stood no more than just a meter or so away from Michael, seemingly waiting for instructions. He caught them glancing at his member, which was now semi-flaccid as he recovered from fucking Ellie. 

"I am human you know.... So yes I need a few minutes...."

He smiled and drank in their bodies, Jenny in a short nightie, and Krystle in a sheer silk robe. 

They did not have any underwear on. 

"But the both of you can get started..." 

Krystle raised her eyebrows at his comment. When she walked in with Jenny, she knew that they were going to lay their hands and mouths on each other, but she thought that Michael would be the focus. She had never been another woman before, so while she was anticipating this, it still sent jolts through her body at the thought of making out with Jenny.

Jenny, on the other hand had no such qualms. She's fully straight, all the women were, but Jenny had experimented more and been in threesomes before. She actually enjoyed being on both the giving and receiving end of a woman's touch. With a sexy smile on her face she took Krystle's hand as they faced each other. Lifting one hand to stroke Krystle's face, Jenny leaned in for a soft, gentle kiss. Krystle sighed at the tenderness of Jenny's lips, and within moments they had their tongue in each other's mouths and their hands all over each other's body. Jenny hooked one leg around Krystle and opened her robe as she fondled her 36C breasts, before then leaning down and taking her nipples in her mouth. Krystle signed and moaned as she let the robe drop to the floor.

Michael forgot to breathe for a few moments as he watched the two women make out and fondle each other. Jenny was now bent low, still mouthing Krystle's breasts as her fingers caressed and started to rub Krystle's pussy mound. Within a few more moments, Jenny was on her knees eating Krystle out.

"oh god.... Don't stop.... That feels.... Sooooo good....."

With every flick of the tongue Jenny seemed to hit the spot as Krystle's breathing was now quite ragged. As she continued to eat Krystle out, Jenny reached up with both hands and caressed Krystle's breasts, and pretty soon Krystle was moaning audibly, gasping and starting to find it difficult to stand. 

Michael was just about ready to go. The incredibly erotic scene in front of him definitely injected life much quicker to his cock, and he began to stroke it as he continued to take in the scene of Jenny eating Krystle out in front of him. 

Ellie had also been watching... she couldn't believe what Jenny and Krystle were doing; she wondered what a woman's kiss (and tongue for that matter) would be like. She mustered enough energy to get on her knees behind Michael. She then put one arm around his chest, and with the other, went to his cock. Michael obviously welcomed Ellie's fingers wrapping around his cock. As Michael continued to watch Jenny feast on Krystle's body, he enjoyed the sensations of Ellie's nude body pressed against his back and her hand gently stroking his hardening dick. 

Jenny had taken it easy; Krystle wasn't close to an orgasm yet but she was clearly enjoying the attention that Jenny was giving to her. However after a few more moments Jenny noticed Ellie stroking Michael (who was by now definitely ready to go) and decided that he was going to be hers before Ellie had another go, not that Ellie was really ready to get fucked again tonight. 

Jenny kissed her way up Krystle's body, past her tits and finally to her mouth, sticking her tongue in Krystle's mouth and letting her taste herself. After a deep, passionate kiss, Jenny broke contact and moved towards Michael as Krystle took a few moments to recover. 

Jenny stripped off her nightie and threw it to the ground as she leaned in to Michael for a passionate kiss. She ran her hands all over his body, finally resting her right hand on his cock, taking over from Ellie stroking him. Ellie moved her hands to his balls and started to peck and kiss away at his neck and shoulder; she thought her pussy was quite done for the night but she felt like she couldn't miss out. After all, she would probably never do anything like this again, so why not. As Ellie kept one hand on his scrotum and kissed away at his neck and shoulder, Jenny alternated between his mouth and the other side of his neck and shoulder as she continued to gently stroke his cock. 

Michael was thoroughly enjoying the attention the two women were giving to him, until he felt a third pair of hands on him. Krystle had put her hands on him as well, grabbing and stroking his cock with Jenny where she could and kissing his body where Jenny and Ellie didn't. All three women fought for a piece of Michael, and it was Ellie who finally relented and sat back as Jenny and Krystle continued to kiss all over Michael's body while fighting to stroke his cock. 

Still intent on being the next to be fucked by Michael, Jenny kissed her way down to his cock, taking it in her hand. Krystle had to move away slightly as Jenny knelt by the bed, getting into position to take Michael's cock into her mouth. He leaned back and propped himself up on his elbows in anticipation. Jenny looked up sexily at Michael, running her tongue all over the underside of his shaft, tracing a line with her tongue all the way to her head and then kissing back down again. Feeling just as horny, Krystle got into position on the other side and put her mouth on his cock as well, licking her way on the other side. Michael had his legs wide open with the two women kneeling in between, and he had one hand each on the women's heads as they tongued their way around his shaft, kissing and licking and coating the whole thing with their saliva. No longer vying for position so to speak, Jenny and Krystle would kiss and tongue each other's mouths, while at the same time continuing to run lick and kiss all over Michael's cock. 

Ellie watched in incredulity as her two friends worked Michael's cock with their mouths. They had certainly sucked their fair share of cocks and knew what they were doing, and Michael definitely wasn't complaining. 

After a few more moments Jenny took Michael's cock and motioned that she was about to take the whole thing in her mouth. Krystle moved slightly to allow her room. Jenny licked along the sensitive underside of his cock again, and then in one motion, took half of it into her mouth. Michael groaned as Jenny began to suck for a few moments. She then took it out, coating it with her saliva before putting it in her mouth again. She closed her eyes and started to hum as she worked Michael's cock in her mouth and with her tongue. Michael moaned at the incredible vibrations coming from Jenny's mouth as she continued to give him probably one of the best blowjobs he's ever had. Just when he thought it couldn't get any better, Jenny took his cock out of her mouth, opened her eyes to look at him, smiled, and then with both hands on his thigh, took his whole cock, all 8 ½ inches of it into her mouth. More incredibly, she held it there, her face buried into his pubes as she tried to control her breathing through her nose. 

"OH GOD!! NNNGHH.... FUCK."

Michael instinctively put both hands on the back of Jenny's head to steady himself, before relaxing and then remembering to breathe again.

Ellie and Krystle watched in bewilderment as Jenny deep throated Michael, taking the whole length of his cock in and out of her mouth, repeating the motion again and again but stopping occasionally to take some deep breaths. 

Realizing that all three were basically just staring at her, she smiled and continued to put on quite the show, expertly and thoroughly working his entire cock with her mouth and tongue. Michael was definitely ready to fuck again, and wondered in his mind if he should take Jenny or Krystle first. However, Jenny wasn't quite done yet. With his cock out of her mouth, she gently stroked him as she looked up at Michael, and then at Krystle. 

"Want to see what Ellie tastes like on Michael's cock?"

Krystle smiled and without hesitation, reached and took Michael's cock from Jenny. She kissed Jenny again before taking his cock into her mouth. 

Jenny put her hand behind Krystle's head. "That's it...gently let it in, breathe through your nose."

When Krystle had sucked Michael's cock earlier, she hadn't tried to take more than half into her mouth. She was able to get him off fairly quickly with all the built up sexual tension, but Michael could obviously take a lot more this time round. After seeing Jenny deep throat him, she decided to try and do the same. Following Jenny's instructions, Krystle tried to control her breathing through her nose and slowly slid more and more of his cock into her mouth. She fought the gag reflex, but she could only manage taking in about two thirds of his cock before choking and sputtering. 

She took a couple of seconds to recover and then tried again a few times. However she never took more than 2/3 into her mouth each time while unsuccessfully fighting the gag reflex at least half of those times. While still stroking Michael's cock and catching her breath, she turned to Jenny. 

"I don't know how you do it..."

Jenny smiled and took over from Krystle. In one motion, she had his entire cock in her mouth to the back of her throat as she began to hum again, the vibrations and his cock buried in Jenny's mouth driving him wild with pleasure. He put one hand on her head as she continued giving him this incredible deep throat blow job for a few more moments, before deciding that it was time to have Michael's cock in another opening of her body. 

Taking his cock out of her mouth, she stood up.

"Time to fuck me big boy."

Jenny put both hands on Michael's chest, straddling him and tried to push him back to fully lay back down on the bed. However, Michael grabbed her by the waist and in one motion, flipped her around to her back on the bed, causing her to squeal in delight. 

He got off the bed and stood on the floor. He grabbed Jenny's legs and pulled her close to him, lining his cock up at her entrance. By now Ellie was on her knees on the bed on one side of Jenny, and Krystle on the other. 

With Jenny's pussy very wet, and his cock coated with saliva, it was easy entry for Michael as he pushed his cock deep and hard into Jenny.

"OHHHHHH..... fuuuuuckk..... YESSSSSSSSSSSS......"

Jenny lifted her head and saw that Michael had buried his entire length into her and held his position. He then took her legs and placed them on his shoulders. Staring into Jenny's eyes, he began to fuck her at a deliberate and steady pace as Jenny groaned and grunted with each thrust. She closed her eyes and enjoyed every moment as he filled her up with each stroke. He could tell that Jenny wanted him to fuck her hard and fast, but he was going to take it slow and steady. 

As he continued fucking Jenny, Michael put one hand on Krystle's back and motioned her towards Jenny's face. He could tell she was slightly confused. 

"I think you need to let her finish eating you."

Jenny opened her eyes and looked up at Michael and smiled between the panting and groaning of each thrust. She then looked at Krystle and licked her lips. With that cue, Krystle moved to straddle Jenny's face while facing Michael. With Krystle in position, Jenny put both arms around Krystle's thigh and went to work on her pussy with her tongue as Krystle gasped. She only had a couple of seconds to get used to the incredible sensation before she found Michael's hand behind her head and pulling her in for a deep kiss in which she reciprocated. As they tongue wrestled, Michael moved his right hand to grope Krystle's breast, and the other instinctively found Ellie's pussy, who was feeling a little left out at this stage. Not that she was ready to go again, as evidenced by just how sensitive her mound was to Michael's touch. He knew that and went easy on her, running his hands all over her body. Ellie reciprocated somewhat by moving closer and groping Krystle's other breast. 

Michael had many sexual experiences before, though not more than a threesome, but this was on another level altogether! He was fucking Jenny on her back, who was eating out Krystle and fuck if that wasn't the stuff that dreams were made of. But of course not only that, he was French kissing Krystle who was finding it hard to concentrate, and he had one hand on her breast and the other all over Ellie's body, who was just content to let Michael's hand roam free. 

With so many things happening, it took all of Michael's concentration to fuck Jenny and he was losing his pace. Although he couldn't see her face, he knew she wanted more. He broke Krystle's kiss and leaned back. He hugged Jenny's legs and had them back on his shoulder again and started to pick up the pace of his thrusting again. Jenny's grunts and groans got louder, even as she tried to focus on eating Krystle out. At this point in time, Krystle made eye contact with Ellie and they both leaned in to kiss. Ellie enjoyed the softness of Krystle's lips and tongue as Krystle moved both hands to fondle Ellie's body. Michael was both gentle and rough, but Ellie actually enjoyed a woman's touch. Ellie suddenly found more energy again after feeling really worn out by Michael. 

Not that I'd swing to the other camp, but this is hot....

The sight before Michael was incredible. Krystle sitting on Jenny's face whom he was fucking at a sturdy pace while Ellie made out with Krystle as they groped each other. 

He picked up the pace of fucking Jenny and she soon was unable to fully concentrate on eating out Krystle. With each thrust, Jenny could only moan loudly and felt her orgasm building. She tried to refocus on licking Krystle, but she simply wasn't able to. Krystle sensed this and moved off Jenny. Both she and Ellie were now on either side of Jenny. Not content with just being a spectator, Krystle moved to fondle Jenny's tits, twisting and pinching her nipples as Michael was fucking her harder and faster. Jenny made known that it wasn't going to be long.

"Oh goddd.... Yeeeeeeesssssssssss..... oh Michael.... Fuck meeee..... harder....."

Michael obliged as his cock was now a blur, sliding in and out of Jenny as she was now screaming with each thrust. Krystle then leaned down towards Jenny's pussy as Michael opened Jenny's legs and gave Krystle access. She rubbed Jenny's nub, causing more pleasurable sensations to come to her body in addition to Michael's cock sliding in and out of her, and then moved her tongue and licked all over Jenny's pussy, catching parts of Michael's cock with each thrust. Michael could only see the back of Krystle's head, but the added sensation of Krystle's tongue to Jenny's pussy engulfing his penis was electrifying. 

Not wanting to be a spectator also, Ellie leaned down and stuck her tongue into Jenny's mouth, who could barely respond to Ellie exploring her mouth between loud moans and gasps. As Michael picked up the pace further, Krystle slowly kissed her way up Jenny's body before settling on her nipples as she bit them lightly. Ellie also joined in, moving down and working her tongue on Jenny's other breast.

Jenny grabbed at the sheets as the sensation of the two mouths on her tits and Michael's cock ploughing in and out of her was incredible. 

"Ohhhhh! aahhhhh.... fuuckkk!!!... yessss!!! OH GODDDD.... I'm close...."

With that cue, Michael gave all that he can and pounded her. Within a few more thrusts, Jenny contorted her body and came hard. 

"FFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKK!!"

Ellie and Krystle both got their mouths off Jenny's body as her orgasm shot through her entire body, while Michael slowed his fucking as Jenny squirmed and gasped and moaned. He hung on to her legs over his shoulders and held her in place with a few more slow deliberate thrusts, a couple which he went deep, causing Jenny to scream in pleasure. 

She was like a fish out of water for a few more moments, moaning and gasping, grabbing at the sheets and writhing in pleasure. Eventually the rush finally subsided and her body relaxed. Michael allowed Jenny a few moments to rest, leaning forward but just very slowly sliding his cock in and out of her now, causing Jenny to groan; she had to motion for him to stop entirely as she tried to catch her breath....

"Wait... please... I need a moment...." She breathed with her eyes fluttering and semi-open. Michael obliged as he stopped moving, but left his cock buried three quarters of the way inside Jenny. She smiled sexily as she tried to recover, albeit with Michael's cock in her, then turned to Krystle and giggled. 

"Oh god you NEED to feel his cock inside you."

Krystle bit her lips, shot a quick glance at Ellie whose eyes seemed to say "yes he can fuck", before moving closer towards Michael and leaning in for a kiss. 

Holding the position of his cock buried inside Jenny, Michael made out with Krystle and tongue wrestled her. She then broke the kiss and staring into his eyes, Krystle breathed sexily to Michael... "I like to be on top."

He smiled and pulled out of Jenny as she grunted at the sensation of his dick leaving her. In spite of the big orgasm, Michael could tell that Jenny still had plenty more left in the tank as she moved up and away, stroking her hair back and allowing Michael to lay on the bed. 

Round 3. Michael thought. 

Talk about an incredible weekend!

As he lay got his back, his legs still hung over the side with his feet on the floor. Krystle didn't give him any time to move and adjust further as she straddled him, lifting herself up a little on her knees, leaning forward and lining his cock up at her entrance. 
