 Ch. 05: Finishing the Game

And yet another edit. Planning on probably 7 chapters in total (with this length). Re-read the other chapters first obviously. =)

*****

Buck naked and still sporting a massive erection despite just having his pumped his load into Krystle's mouth, Michael walked behind the couch again. The women couldn't help but glance at his cock as he walked past and around them. 

When he was (kind of) out of sight, they loaded up the next round and had the cards dealt. Right now, Jenny (at 43 points) still had on her plain grey bra and black panties; Ellie (at 53 points), who was still a little flushed from the intense orgasm Michael had given her earlier, had her matching lace bra and panties. Nicole was now topless at 74 points with just her bikini bottom and still feeling a little frustrated that Michael had left her hanging, and Krystle, who is the only woman totally naked at 90 points, had just been finger fucked to orgasm by Michael and returned the favour by sucking his cock and swallowing his load. 

Michael certainly didn't mind finishing up with Krystle in the bedroom as she was the most likely one to lose, being only 10 points away. However in the game of Hearts, as it's already been evident, things can change very quickly. 

It took a couple of tricks for the sexually charged atmosphere to settle down as the women didn't say much but just continued to play. While the thought did cross their mind earlier to just lose, they decided that bragging rights were more important. And plus, each of them thought that they could just jump Michael anytime they wanted, even as he's shown incredible restraint through the night. With the way Michael has "performed", he thought that there's probably a good chance he'll get a visit or two, or three sometime in the near future. 

After being gifted with an incredible hand that led to Michael groping and having his way with her three friends, Jenny wasn't so lucky this time. It wasn't an intentional loss; far from it for that matter because even if she wanted Michael to do to her what he had done to the other three, she knew that the chances of having another grope round was slim so she might as well just try to win it. 

However, her cards were so terrible that she ended up with 20 points, bring her from 43 to 63. Ellie stayed at 53, Nicole picked up 4 points to bring her to 78 and Krystle a couple of points to 92. 

With the sexual tension significantly lowered now, Jenny sauntered to "the spot" and faced the crowd. She noticed that Michael, who was standing behind the couch between Nicole and Krystle, still had a boner, and she licked her lips a little. 

Nicole and Krystle both saw what Jenny was looking at and both turned at the same time towards Michael and came face to face with his hard cock. 

"YOU slut!" Krystle, and then both Nicole and Ellie laughed.

Jenny gave them both the finger on both hands, and then reached back and stripped off her bra, letting it drop to the ground without much fanfare. She stood there and held the post for a few moments, allowing Michael to drink in her slender, petite body before she strolled sexily back to her seat. 

Haley Wilde, without the fake boobs. Thought Michael. That's who she reminds me of. And what I wouldn't give to fuck that ass.

His hard-on stirred, a motion caught by Ellie who had a pretty good view as she giggled to herself. The other women looked at her and it wasn't hard to guess what she had been looking at. They all smiled. 

Round 10 was up next. 

Michael was starting to get a little restless. Sure there were three incredibly beautiful and topless women sitting on the couch of his den, and a fourth with just her undies on, but he was ready to fuck any one of their brains out. At this point in time he almost just wanted the game to end so he could do just that. 

Jenny had another bad run again in Round 10, this time picking up the Queen of Spades again with another Hearts card, bringing her from 63 to 77 points. Krystle, surprisingly, held in there by not picking up any points; she was at 92. Nicole also did not pick up any points; he might not figure out if she was real blonde after all, staying at 78 points. However Ellie, who was 53 points, picked up 12 points, which meant that it was time for her to lose her bra as she hit 65 points. 

All of a sudden, Michael was glad that this game was still going on. Now he was going to get to see all of them topless!

Ellie, even with the "performance" earlier where she orgasmed in front of everyone, and the fact that everyone else was topless or naked, was still feeling a little apprehensive at the notion of having to reveal her tits to the women and especially to Michael. 

Well it's not like he hasn't had a good feel of them.  

She blushed, but got up anyway and moved to "the spot". She reached back to her bra clasp, pushing out her 36Cs in the process and undid it. And then in one motion, she peeled the straps off her shoulders and let her bra fall to the floor. She half covered her tits with her forearm, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone, and especially Michael. 

Krystle urged her on. "Oh come on honey the rest of us are already topless or naked.... Show us the goods!"

With that, Ellie blushed again and dropped her arms. 

Yeah. Definitely Holly Hansen... right down to that innocent, I'm-not- sure-what-to-do look. And fuck man those tits....

Michael suddenly had a mental flashback to earlier when Ellie had her ass stuck out at him as she recovered from her orgasm in front of him on all fours, and he had a mental picture of him just grabbing those delicious tits as he fucked her from behind.

OH MAN I can't wait for this game to end... this is getting better and better. 

No one said anything, and Ellie decided that Michael had seen enough so she walked back to her seat. Michael kept his eyes on her body the whole time. It suddenly hit him that round 11 was next, and that meant the following round was going to be a grope round. 

HOLY SHIT. Don't tell me we'll make it to another grope round.  

He looked at the scores -- Krystle was still at 92 points, Nicole at 78, Jenny at 77 and Ellie at 65. He had thought that Krystle was going to be one he was going to fuck silly tonight, but at this rate, if Ellie gets the bulk of the points again, and better yet, if she shoots the moon, then the other three women were going to be his to do as he wished! 

FUCK ME. But what are the chances of that...

On the other hand, if Ellie got most but not all of the points, there's a slight chance that the grope round could see him stripping the panties off Nicole, Jenny and Ellie. 

The thought thrilled him, even though he was just about ready to just fuck any one of the women at this stage. 

Krystle had an incredible run again in round 11, not picking up any points and stayed at 92 points. Since the grope round in round 8, she had only picked up 2 points. 

Where was my luck earlier!!  Not that she minded of course, having been finger fucked to orgasm by Michael and getting to suck his cock and swallowed cum for the first time in her life. 

Jenny picked up 2 points, to bring her to 79, but Nicole picked up 4 points to bring her from 78 to 82. She was going to lose her panties.... And Michael's dick jumped at that thought, even though he was slightly disappointed that she didn't wait until the grope round. His dick jumped again as he saw that Ellie picked up 20 points, which meant that she was also going to lose her panties at 85 points. In just a few moments, he was going to have three totally naked women in his den. 

I'M SO FUCKING GLAD THEY CAME. Well two of them definitely did. Heh heh. 

Michael had a large silly grin on his face, and his cock, which had softened a little towards the beginning of the round, started to come to attention again. 

Ellie and Nicole stared at each other, and Nicole sensed that Ellie probably needed a few more moments, seeing that she was apprehensive about even taking off her bra. She smiled at Ellie and got up first. She moved to "the spot", and just as she began to pull on the strings of her bikini, Michael spoke up. 

"Aren't you gonna turn around again?"

Nicole was dumbfounded. 

Oh no he didn't! 

He just smiled and stared at her. 

I will not let him take control again! 

She hesitated for a moment. And then without even realizing it, Nicole turned around, undid the strings of her bikini bottoms and pulled it off. She contemplated what she would do next. 

Ah fuck it.  

Spreading her legs a little but keeping them straight, she bent down and grabbed her ankles again, showing everyone that she was definitely a natural blonde. She stretched around a little towards one ankle and then the other, before standing straight up again. 

She turned around, did a bit of a pose, grabbed her tits and squeezed them together, playing with them for a few moments, and then moved back to her seat. She saw that Michael stroked his cock slowly as he drank in her nude body. 

"You know I'm going to get you for this right Michael?"

"Hey this was YOUR idea!"

As she sat down she grabbed his stiff cock and gave it a gentle squeeze, eliciting a "HEY!!" from Michael as he jumped back. 

Nicole ignored him and just sat down. 

Ellie knew she was next, but she needed a few more moments to muster up enough energy to move. She finally did. 

Standing at "the spot", she looked blushingly at Michael and wondered if he was going to give her the same instructions as he did to Nicole. He just smiled. 

Nicole, feeling just a little sorry for her friend now, didn't say anything either and smiled too. 

Ellie gripped the waistband of her panties, and then taking a deep breath, pulled them down to her feet. She had her legs slightly crossed as she stood there, her arms under her breasts and again trying not to make eye contact, as Michael drank in her incredibly naked body and tried his best to burn the image into his brain forever as he has done with the others. 

Finally after a few moments, she moved towards her chair and sat back down again. 

OH MY GOD.  Michael grinned. We have ANOTHER grope round...

The women couldn't believe it either. Well not that it mattered much; Krystle, Ellie and Nicole were already entirely naked. All three of them had already been groped and satisfied by Michael, with the exception of course of Nicole, who was feeling quite sexually frustrated by now. She was hiding it well though as she would not let her pride get the best of her. At the end of round 11, Krystle is still at 92 points, Ellie at 85 and Nicole at 82. 

Jenny was the only one with her panties on, and with her score at 79, the chances of her losing something in the grope round was very high. She was acutely aware of this fact and felt a twinge of excitement. The fact that she hadn't purposely done this, and her friends knew that too, made her feel even better. That didn't stop them from teasing her. 

"Oh come on Jenny you did this on purpose didn't you?" Krystle spoke up. 

"Says the one who sucked his cock and swallowed his cum."

Krystle laughed. "I'll never live that one down will I?"

Nicole chimed in. "Well you did take it down really well..."

Everyone laughed as Krystle gave Nicole the finger. 

"Alright let's get this over with." Jenny said. 

The cards were dealt, and it took only 5 tricks before Hearts was broken and Jenny picked up 2 Hearts cards to bring her to 81.

"FUCK." 

"Oh stop pretending like you're not looking forward to it." Krystle teased. 

"Shut up bitch!" Jenny said, trying to sound as annoyed as possible, even though she wasn't, at least not entirely. 

Play continued, and when the Queen of Spades was dropped by Nicole, it was actually Ellie that picked it up. She now had 98 points, which meant that at the very least, she was going to have to suck Michael's dick. She blushed again; she had only given a blowjob a couple of times and was nowhere near as experienced as Krystle seemed to be. And plus, with the size of Michael's cock, there was no way she would be able to control her gag reflex especially with the way he face-fucked Krystle. 

Ellie picked up another Hearts card, bringing her to 99. With 3 tricks and 3 Hearts cards left, and Krystle at 92, Nicole at 84 and Jenny at 86, it looked like she was very likely going to be Michael's fuck prize tonight. That both excited and terrified her. 

Well at least I won't be fucking him in front of the others.... Waitaminit... I won't right? Because the first blowjob is in front of everyone. But his fuckprize is in his room... that's what I said right? Yeah I'm pretty sure that's it. So yeah worse case scenario I suck him off in front of anyone... But seriously... HOW is that MONSTER going to fit in my mouth? Or in ME! And with all the sexual build up and raging hard on that Michael still has....he's probably going to pound me silly and fuck my brains out, as he had said earlier. I hope I can still walk tomorrow...

"ELLIE!"

"Huh what?"

Nicole let loose a little, with a slight tinge of annoyance that's still left over from being left hanging by Michael. "It's your turn woman... we've called you like three times. You don't have to fantasize about his cock in your mouth or him fucking you hard you know... just pick up that one more Hearts card. Come on we know you want to..."

"No I don't!" 

Ellie hoped she sound convincing. She dropped a card, and it turns out that it was Jenny who picked up the Hearts card being played. 

Michael got really hard. 

Two more tricks, two more Hearts cards. Maybe Ellie will hold out, and we'll have one more round with everyone getting past 90! Still, I get to grope the last of the bunch... what shall I do to Jenny? Hrmm... oh man I bet when they talked about this game they never thought that they would ALL get naked and that I would get to feel up ALL of them! But fuck yeah I surely wouldn't mind waiting another round as I have my way with Jenny, though Ellie is looking more fuckable by the second. 

Michael's wish came true; Ellie did not pick up any more Hearts cards, leaving her at 99. Jenny picked up the remaining, which brought her to 89. Krystle and Nicole did not pick up any points, staying at 92 and 84 respectively. 

Soooo close, and yet so far. Only an 89. Man Jenny would've looked great sucking my dick.  

"Alrighty Michael..." Krystle, who had stayed at 92 points for four straight rounds, was suddenly quite confident but at the same time glad that someone else was also going to suck Michael's dick, and that Jenny was finally going to get groped by Michael. Right now, no one would really have bragging rights. 

"Do you want to get Jenny naked so you can finger her first? Or do you want Ellie to suck your cock first?"

Ellie blushed and looked around the room at no one in particular, but Jenny was quite ready to have Michael put his hands all over her and his fingers in her.

Oh god I'm such a slut! But it's been awhile, and the last two guys didn't know what they were doing.  

Even though Jenny was the youngest, at least 4 years younger than Ellie and Krystle, who were both 25, she probably had more sexual partners than both of them combined. She might even have Nicole beat, who has become more selective in who she slept with. You certainly couldn't tell that about Jenny though as she carried herself with class and a demeanour quite becoming of a lady. 

Michael thought for a few moments. 

"I think I'm going to postpone the blowjob by Ellie, as we agreed in the rules earlier. And plus, she might very well be mine anyway after this next round so I'll have my way with her then." 

Ellie blushed again; Michael's comment both excited and terrified her again as before. 

"So Jenny, please take centre stage."

Jenny tried not to stand up too quickly or too excitedly. After she moved to the centre of the den, she held a sexy pose, one leg slightly bent and arms on her side, waiting for Michael. His dick was still standing out like before, and as he walked around behind the couch towards Jenny, all the women wouldn't help but follow his huge dick sticking out like a monster waiting to attack the next thing that comes along. Jenny certainly made it clear that she was appreciating his swollen member as she unconsciously bit her lips. 

She took a deep breath as Michael got close to her. She wasn't sure if he wanted them to face each other, or if he would finger fuck her from behind. She waited for his lead. 

Michael smiled. God she is SOOOO mine. 

"So are we going to time this one or not?" Nicole said dryly. 

Keeping his eyes focused on Jenny, Michael almost breathed to her - "I think Jenny desperately wants to cum for this one." 

And I don't?  Nicole thought. Fuck this is exactly where he wanted me to be. He's a great friend, but damn if he's not an annoying little prick.. well ok not little, but.. oh god get your shit together girl. Let him get the upper hand and have his fun tonight, I'll get him back. 

Nicole smiled to herself. 

Standing face to face, Michael put her hands on Jenny's breasts and gently fondled them. He then leaned in to kiss her, but moved away teasingly before their lips made contact as he slowly bent down and got to his knees, almost reluctantly taking his hands off her breasts. With his mouth at her pussy level, he put his hands on her waist and turned her around so that her ass is right in front of him. 

Michael then used both hands and groped and kneaded her incredible ass, eliciting a moan from Jenny. From behind, he moved one hand between her legs and cupped her mound through her panties. Jenny opened her legs slightly to give him access. He started to rub gently, and as Jenny closed her eyes to start enjoying the sensation, she felt him excruciatingly take his hands off her and put them on her waist again to turn her around again to face him. 

Jenny took a deep breath. 

Fuck I so need to have him right now. He's such a goddamned tease. 

With Michael still kneeling and his face still at her pussy level, he put both hands in the waistband of her panties, and then in one motion, pulled them all the way down. She stepped out of them and kicked them aside. 

Michael looked up Jenny, whose eyes were filled with lust in anticipation. He kept eye contact with Jenny as he slowly moved both hands up her right leg, his right hand gliding on the inside of her leg and up her inner thigh.

Jenny closed her eyes in anticipation as Michael's hands reached her pussy, now already incredibly wet. She expected him to just insert two fingers, but she was not ready for what Michael had in mind. 

He moved his hands away from her pussy, and in one motion grabbed her ass and pulled her body to him, or more precisely, her pussy to his mouth. 

Jenny shrieked erotically as Michael sank his mouth and tongue into her pussy, licking and eating her out. 

"FUCK!!!! OH god... ahhhh... AHHH! Fffffuuuckk...."

Jenny put her hands on Michael's head as he ran his tongue all over her pussy, through the inner folds of her labia and then flicking his tongue all over her g-spot. Jenny then put her right leg over Michael's shoulder as he continued to eat her out. It wasn't going to be long before she came.

"Holy shit... ooohhhh.... Ahh... fuck.... That's it..."

With his left hand still on her ass, he inserted two of this right hand fingers into her pussy as he continued to eat her.

"FUUUUUUCKK!!! OH YEAH!!"

The other women watched in astonishment as Michael went to work on Jenny, and all three of them certainly didn't mind yet again being on the receiving end, at least subconsciously because their bodies were reacting and getting wet. 
