 Wasn't planning on so many chapters, but it looks like it's taken a life of its own. Hope it's not feeling too dragged out..

*****

At the beginning of round 9, Donna had jumped ahead of the pack, being the only one topless with 61 points. Jenny was not far behind with 58 points, Alysha had 46 and Krystle 43. Michael was counting on seeing another pair of tits, and sure enough, the next round saw Jenny pick up six points to bring her to 64. Alysha picked up the Queen of Spades but nothing else, so only 59 total for her as she gets to keep her bra on. 

Not that Michael minded striping and groping the women or even watching them take their own or each other's clothes off, but his cock was calling out for more action. He wanted to get to the next dare round already, or have someone lose so he could fuck their brains out. 

Nevertheless, it was Jenny's turn to go topless. She wasn't too shy about it, and the 'who' revealed the winner, who was Krystle. 

I guess those two are definitely hooking up after this, regardless of who loses...

Michael grinned to himself.

Without much hesitation, Krystle walked up to Jenny and moved behind her. She groped her tits, and without much fanfare, unhooked Jenny's bra. She then slid it off Jenny's arms, letting it fall to the floor and revealing her tits. Jenny struck a pose, her leg slightly bent, as Krystle moved her hands up to fondle at her bare tits. Both of them kept their eyes fixed on Michael. They did this for a few moments before Krystle finally moved away. She smacked Jenny's ass, causing her to yelp and jump as her tits jiggled. 

"Hey!"

As Jenny turned around to face Krystle, she found herself grabbed by Krystle who locked lips with her. Jenny was not expecting it as Krystle ran her hands over Jenny's ass, giving it a squeeze as Jenny sighed in contentment while they tongue wrestled. They made out for a few moments, and as they broke their kiss, they looked deeply into each other's eyes for a moment. They broke their embrace and walked back to their seats.

The others grinned knowingly at each other. 

Round 10 saw Alysha pick up the Queen of Spades again. She had 59 points to start the round with, so she was definitely going to show some flesh regardless. Michael's cock twinged because he really couldn't wait to get his hands on her wonderful tits again, and bare this time. Alysha picked up 3 more points on top of the Queen of Spades, bringing her total to 75 points. Donna and Jenny didn't pick up any, remaining at 66 and 64 points respectively, while Krystle picked up 10 to bring her to 55. 

"Alright Miss Big Tits... let's see them babies!!"

Rachel teased as Alysha basically just ignored her. She picked up the table, and the 'who' unscrambled to reveal... 'Mike.'. 

YES!!

Alysha put the tablet down and stood there ready for Michael. 

He got up probably quicker than he should've as he walked towards Alysha.

Gonna handle this from the front this time...

He touched Alysha's face gently with his right hand, stroking it and then running both hands down along her slender neck and above her shoulders. He then slowly moved her hands towards her tits, recalling the awesome feeling he had earlier fondling them.  

His cock twitched as he groped her tits softly.

Fuck me. These are stupendous. I thought Rach's was great... but these... man...

He massaged them for a few moments before reaching around to unhook her bra. As he leaned over her shoulder, Alysha reached out and grabbed his cock through his shorts, causing him to groan. It took him a couple of attempts as Alysha rubbed his dick, but he managed to finally unhook her bra. As he came face to face with Alysha again, she kept her hand on his cock and he slid her bra off her shoulders, revealing an incredible set of tits. 

FUCKING HELL. These. Are. Incredible.

He pinched her nipples, rolling them in his fingers as she moaned, and continued to fondle them. Michael's sexual frustration was starting to build up. Stripping the women and getting them off was fantastic to do and watch, but now he needed some release himself, especially as his cock had been stroked through his shorts by three women now. Continuing to grope these awesome tatas wasn't going to help. 

FUCK. I need to fuck someone right now.

He somewhat reluctantly took his hands off her tits as she took her hand off his cock. He stepped back and adjusted his very hard member now; it was actually getting uncomfortable as he wanted to set it free. He resisted the urge, moving aside and slapping Alysha on the ass and causing her to yelp and her jugs to really jiggle. She shot him a mischievous look. 

Alysha walked back to her seat. The other women stared at her bosom; even though they all had fantastically fuckable bodies and would all turn heads, Alysha's tits were by far the best in the house. 

"You so need to let me motor-boat those." Jenny quipped as they all laughed. 

"Maybe you will... if we get to another dare round." Rachel teased. 

"If...? If you ask me I think your man is more than ready to fuck." Jenny retorted as they all laughed again. Rachel turned to Michael. 

"Sorry babe... patience is virtue. And no one's even hit 80 points yet... and we've still got so many toys to play with." 

Fuck I'm going to be REALLY fucking someone's brains out tonight...

Round 11, and the score is Alysha 75, Donna 66, Jenny 64 and Krystle 55. 

Michael did the mental math again. 

Looks like chances of having another dare around is very high! Unless Alysha picks up 25 points... heck I wouldn't mind fucking her right now anyway. Or someone shoots the moon... hrmm haven't had one of those yet. That wouldn't be so bad! Especially if Alysha was the one to do it... If only... 

The round progressed very quickly. Krystle and Rachel were the only ones not topless, and everyone was kinda looking forward to the dare round. Rachel hadn't seen much action so to speak, and she was shadowing Krystle the next two rounds, who only saw action really with Jenny even though Michael did cop more than a feel when he stripped her denim shorts off. They were both certainly looking forward to the dare round. While they wanted to win, they also wanted to have some fun in the process; they wouldn't of course have come otherwise (no pun intended). 

At the end of the round, it was Jenny who picked up the Queen of Spades, as well as three other hearts cards, which meant that she was going to get totally nude at 80 points. Alysha picked up 4 to bring her to 79, Donna picked up only 2 to bring her to 68, while Krystle picked up 4 to bring her to 59. It wasn't intentional that Alysha and Krystle both ended up one point short going into a dare round, but neither of them minded at this stage. 

Michael did the math quickly in his head again. His cock suddenly twinged when he realized that it was actually mathematically possible to have ALL the women do a dare. So the obvious ones - Krystle and Alysha only needed 1 card each, but Donna needs to pick up the Queen of Spades to hit 80 points. If the rest went to Jenny, the 90 point rule meant that she also had to do a dare. 

Bleh. As if that'll happen. I should thank the stars and be grateful for what I already have...

By this time Jenny was in position and had tapped the tablet, and it was going to be Michael who was going to strip off her last piece of clothing. He adjusted his member and was more than glad to oblige. He moved behind her, groped her bare tits momentarily before moving his hand into her grey thong. Jenny gasped and moaned, allowing him free reign inside her pussy as he ground his cock into her ass. After fingering her for a few more moments, he pulled her thong down, revealing Jenny's shaven pussy. He then fingered her again, sticking his middle and ring finger inside her as Jenny moaned and tilted her head back. His left hand continued groping her breasts and his right hand continued to finger her for a few more moments, but he decided he wouldn't bring her to orgasm. She already had her first, so it wouldn't be that quick this time anyway. For some women it was the opposite, but in Jenny's case he knew that it would take more effort. So Michael slowed down his fingering, and Jenny took the cue that he wasn't going to get her off. Probably not a bad idea to wait for the next round. 

She caught her breath and after Michael took his fingers out, he brought it to her mouth, letting her taste herself. He had done this with Rachel before but she didn't like that too much. She loved enough kinkiness to be an incredible fuck, but Jenny however was just a sex freak who would be up for anything. The other women watched in astonishment as Jenny licked and sucked his fingers clean. She then turned around to kiss Michael on the lips and moved back to sit down. 

"Alright ladies. Dare round time. I think Michael's dick needs to be sucked." Jenny quipped as the others smiled. 

Michael took a deep breath. This was going to be the last dare round. He did a quick score check again - Jenny 80, Alysha 79, Donna 68 and Krystle 59. Rachel was shadowing Krystle this round. Mathematically speaking, there would be at least two dares on a 'worst case scenario', if no one shot the moon that is, in which case there would be at least 3 and the game would over. At best, and Michael rechecked the math in his head, ALL of the women could be performing a dare.

And please let one of those dares include sucking my dick... Michael's dick throbbed at the thought.

As the cards were dealt, Jenny suddenly faced a conflict within herself. Her cards were fantastic. The chances of her shooting the moon was incredibly high, in fact it was pretty much guaranteed if she just played half cautiously and didn't do anything stupid. Of course, if she shot the moon, that meant everyone was going to get 26 points, and that would bring Alysha to 105 points, thus effectively ending the game. Donna, Krystle and Rachel (who was shadowing Krystle this round) would all have to perform dares, and all three of them would be totally naked as well. Jenny of course would end up being the winner. 

She wanted to fuck Michael though. 

Well who says I can't win and do that right? He sure as hell won't mind... Will Rach? Ah fuck it. I could always go cruising another day.

She shot Michael a lusty grin, the same one that she had given him all those months ago when she shot the moon then. Michael caught it and immediately rose to attention, though he realized quickly that he needed to hide it less the other women caught on.  

Don't tell me Jenn's going to shoot the moon again...? What are the chances of that!

She had of course done it the last time they played, and having played Hearts a fair bit, Michael knew that it was rare. To have it happen both times this game of Strip Hearts was played... someone up there must really like him. 

As the game progressed, the other women strategized and played more carefully and cautiously. However it wasn't going to matter much. It was clear that Jenny was going to shoot the moon. As Jenny picked up a few Hearts cards, and then the Queen of Spades, the other women thought that Jenny was going to purposely lose. They soon realized that it was in fact the opposite.

Donna spoke up. 

"Are you trying to do what I think you're trying to do...?"

"What am I trying to do?"

"Well... either purposely lose, or smash us all."

"Let's wait and find out." Jenny grinned. 

Alysha did the math in her head and realized that it was her that was going to lose the game if Jenny shot the moon. Part of her was excited, and the other part was nervous. She had never been in a threesome before, but after cumming earlier tonight and the continually building up sexual tension she was up for anything.

Sure enough, as the final hands were played out, Jenny shot the moon. 

YES!!

Michael tried his very best to not jump up and down for joy. 

All the women sat back as the game added 26 points to everyone except Jenny. The final score - Jenny 80 (unchanged), Krystle 85 (jumping two strip levels from 59, and bringing Rachel with her), Donna 94 (from 68), and Alysha 105 (from 79). Other than Jenny, all the women would have to perform a dare, and Michael and Rachel would be fucking Alysha. 

They all sat around for a few moments as no one spoke. Jenny finally broke the silence.

"Happy Birthday Michael!!"

They all laughed, though there was a nervous twinge behind the laughter. Rachel had been fairly comfortable watching Michael put his hands and tongue all over the other women, but this was where it was really happening. It was going to be her first threesome (or four...?) ever, and the fact that she was horny as hell was definitely going to make things easier to watch her man rail another woman. 

"Wait hang on..." Jenny spoke up again. "With the 90 point rule, does this mean that Alysha and Donna has to do TWO dares?"

Everyone looked at Rachel. She hadn't figured this as part of the rules, but decided against it. 

"Nah... let's just say the one dare each. Let's not prolong Mikey's wait any longer. Krystle and I will do a dare first, then Donna, and then Mikey and I will fuck Alysha's brains out." 

Michael's dick twitched incredibly as Rachel grinned. 

This is really happening!!

"And urmm Jenn... I'm assuming you're gonna stay... and watch?"

"Wouldn't miss it for the world." Jenny grinned. And I might just join in too...

"Alright Krys... we're up. Would you do the honors?"

"Sure!" Krystle suddenly felt a twinge of excitement as she got up and picked up the tablet. "Hrmm... let's go with 'what' first, just for the heck of it."

"Ok sure..." Rachel smiled and waited in anticipation as she also got up and was now standing just beside Krystle. 

Krystle tapped the screen, and the words slowly unscrambled to reveal... 'Give Michael a blowjob'.

FUCK YES PLEASE!!

Krystle and Rachel looked at each other and smiled.

"So Rach I'm guessing we don't need to do the 'who'? or even the 'how'... And does this mean we suck his cock together?"

Krystle directed the conversation directly at Rachel, who answered only to her as if the others weren't in the room. 

"Yup. He's got enough dick for both of us. I think we should suck him until he cums. You swallow right? Maybe he could just shoot this first load all over our faces. We'll see. And oh this will be right after he gets us totally naked."

FUCK. ME.

Michael's hand went to adjust his really hard cock, and then got up and excitedly walked towards Krystle and Rachel. 

Jenny interjected as they were moving towards the middle of the den, "Hang on... how would that have worked if the 'who' was different?"

Rachel smiled. "Well I think Mike definitely wants a blowjob regardless." Jenny could only laugh in return.

By this time Michael was standing in between Rachel and Krystle and had one hand around each of their waist. He made out with Rachel, and then Krystle, then alternating between the two as each of his hands groped their respective asses. Rachel and Krystle both moved one hand each to his shorts, stroking his cock and kissing him wherever the other wasn't. Between groping their asses, he also slide his fingers under their ass and to their pussies, causing both Rachel and Krystle to moan in satisfaction. They made out like this for a few more moments, and Rachel then lifted his top and took it off. Both Rachel and Krystle's hands ran all over Michael's body, but he stepped back a little and between kisses, gradually brought Rachel and Krystle closer together. His hands slowly moved from their asses and slowly up their backs and eventually to the back of their heads. 

By now Rachel and Krystle were face to face looking each other in the eye, their breasts mashed again each other as they have now taken their hands off Michael and are now embracing each other. They held this position for a moment, before Michael pushed their heads together and their lips, and eventually their tongues locked. Rachel had made out with another girl once before, as a bit of a dare, but this was on whole new level altogether. She felt her nether regions getting hotter and hotter. 

As Rachel and Krystle made out, Michael firstly untied Krystle's bikini top string, letting it come loose. He then untied her bikini bottoms and pulled it off her, throwing it to the ground. Michael then moved over to the other side and unhooked Rachel's bra. He stepped back for a moment to enjoy watching his girlfriend making out with this other gorgeous woman, tongues down each other's throats and hands all over each other. He adjusted his ultra hard boner again. He then moved behind Krystle, firstly placing his hands on her pussy, rubbing it gently and causing her to moan into Rachel's mouth, before moving them up her body and finally groping her tits and causing Rachel to step back slightly. He caressed Krystle's tits, pinching and flicking her nipples as both Rachel and him now worked on Krystle's body, kissing and groping her all over. As Michael fondled Krystle's body and necked her, Rachel also tongued her mouth, and then leaning over Krystle's shoulder to tongue Michael's. 

They continued for a minute or so, Michael enjoying the sensations of Krystle's body and both him and Rachel working it. He then decided he definitely needed his cock sucked. He now moved between Rachel and Krystle again and placed a hand each on their shoulders. Seeing Krystle nude, Rachel stripped off her pink panties and kicking it away. Michael allowed her to do so, hand still on her shoulder. When she was done, he placed a little pressure on both their shoulders and pushed them down gently. They both took the cue and slowly got on their knees in front of Michael. Rachel fumbled at taking his cargo shorts off, unbuckling and unzipping it while Krystle looked up at him sexily. 

Finally in one motion, Rachel was able to pull down both his cargo shorts and his boxers, causing Michael's cock to pop out. 

Alysha and Donna both raised their eyebrows at the sight of Michael's large dick. Jenny bit her lips. Rachel, without hesitation, took it in her hand and started to lick it all over. Krystle very quickly joined her, fighting to lick and kiss his cock where Rachel wasn't. They finally found a bit of a balance and figured that they could lick either side of his shaft.

Michael knew he wasn't going to last long, not with all this built up sexual tension, but he gritted his teeth and tried to hold out. Both his hands were now on Rachel and Krystle's heads, guiding them somewhat as they licked and ran their tongues all over his cock while at the same time trying to steady himself. They now both worked on the mushroom head of his dick, kissing and running their tongues lightly all over, all the while keeping eye on contact with Michael. Every now and then they'd both kiss and tongue the head of his shaft at the same time, and it'd turn into a make out session for the both of them momentarily. Not only was it incredibly sexy, it gave Michael a few moments to recover and prolong the double blowjob. Rachel found having to fight for his man's cock a real turn on, and while Krystle wasn't stopping her, she certainly wasn't easily relinquishing his dick easily to Rachel. He could only groan at the incredible sensations and the erotic sight of his girlfriend and her friend working his cock. 

After licking and slobbering all over his shaft, Krystle eventually took it in her hand and in one motion, tried to put as much of it as possible into her mouth. Rachel let her, watching her man as he moaned when Krystle began to suck. She bobbed her head back and forth, trying to take as much of it as possible. Jenny had 'taught' her how to deep throat, but she had never got the hang of it. Not that she had much practice with a cock this size. 
