 Ch. 04: Real Skin

Author's note: After the disastrous start to my first story, hopefully the edits look better. Feedback is welcome and appreciated. And oh yes, knowing how to play Hearts is necessary.

*****

Instead of hovering behind each of the women like he's done the past 4 rounds, Michael decided to stay seated this time between Jenny and Nicole, focusing more on Jenny's screen (and perhaps mentally willing her to lose, since she's still on 14 and appearing to be doing quite well). No such luck. At the end of round 5, both her and Ellie remained on 14 and 18 respectively; Krystle picked up nine points to bring her up to 51, but it's Nicole who took the bulk of it with 17 points, taking her to the next strip level of 47. 

While Nicole didn't mind teasing the first time, Michael noticed the slight hint of her competitive nature as she got up somewhat abruptly to the center of the den and began to unbuckle and unzip her denim hot pants without the same tease as she did before.

"Wait..." 

Nicole looked up at Michael, slightly puzzled.

"I think you should turn around before you take those off."

Nicole let out a semi-pretend open mouthed gasp as she couldn't quite believe Michael's boldness. She let out a sly smile and turned around. 

"And you should keep those legs straight as you peel those off."

Despite the blood having rushed away from his brain to his nether regions, for the first time tonight he regained some semblance of control of himself, as he was wont to do in many situations not related to 4 gorgeous women in the same room about to take their clothes off. Surprisingly, each of the women found themselves just a little turned out by his assertiveness. 

Complying, Nicole stuck her ass out a little bit more than she had done earlier and proceeded to pull down her denim hot pants, keeping her legs straight while bending over as she slid them down her legs. When they're puddled at her feet, she held that pose a little by grabbing her ankles, before titling her head backward towards Michael.

"Enjoying the view?"

He just smiled. They had never been in this situation before through their friendship; they had been very respectful of each other and never got physical or sexual beyond the initial flirting, but at this rate this was all definitely going to change tonight. 

Nicole straightened up again, stepping one leg out of her hot pants on the floor and with the other kicked it to the pile of clothes where her top and Krystle's were before taking her seat again.

Michael took another deep breath and decided to get up (while taking the opportunity to adjust his hard-on) as he walked behind the women again as round 6 commenced.

This time it was Jenny who was super aggressive as it looked like she had all the cards in play to shoot the moon. When it became obvious she was heading towards that, Krystle interjected quickly, "Someone stop her!!"

Four more tricks left and she'll have it all!  Michael thought gleefully to himself.

If she did, Ellie will lose BOTH her top and shorts at the same time, going from 18 to 44, and both Nicole and Krystle will be topless!

On the second last trick, both Nicole and Krystle seem to have given up in despair with the Queen of Diamonds that Jenny had put out as neither of them had diamonds. However, Ellie smiled before making her play. 

"Not today woman!"

She dished out the King of Diamonds, which Jenny was sure had been played, and took that trick with the last remaining heart card on it. Jenny picked up the final trick, but it was no use as Ellie still had that one single card. 

Score for round 6 -- 1 point to Ellie to bring her to 19, Nicole and Krystle remain at 47 and 51 respectively, while Jenny got 25 points to add to her 14, which brought her to 39. 

She mocked a sigh in defeat. "Well it was worth a shot..."

The others actually really did breathe a sigh of relief, while Michael was of course extremely disappointed. 

Jenny stood up at "the spot" in the center of the den as Nicole and Krystle had been. She unzipped the front of her skirt and turned around before dropping it, revealing black thong panties that accentuated her incredible ass. Michael's disappointment of course disappeared fairly quickly. 

Jenny held that pose, knowing that in spite of the incredible bodies the other women had, her ass was still the envy of many men and women, probably including those in the room. She sauntered back confidently to her seat after kicking her skirt to the growing pile of clothes. 

Michael walked around behind the women again, continually glancing especially over the shoulders of Nicole and Krys to perve on their cleavages as round 7 began with the cards dealt.

This is going to be interesting... He thought. Everyone has pretty staggered cards... this'll come down to some luck. 

Sitting at 39 and 19 respectively, both Jenny and Ellie knew that it was a matter of time before they had to take off the next piece of clothing. Ellie especially wasn't worried since she still had all her clothes on, so she played a little risker than usual in this round. Sure enough, she picked up 8 points, bringing her to 27. Jenny picked up 4 to bring her to 43, Nicole got just one to bring her to 48, but Krystle picked up the dreaded Queen of Spades, which meant she was going to lose her bikini top at 64 points. 

Michael's dick got really hard this time at the prospect of three women stripping, but more so at the fact that he was going to see some real flesh for the first time tonight. 

Krystle remained silent; somewhat terrified but also, much to her surprise, excited at the prospect of her going topless in front of everyone. 

Ellie got up. "I guess I'll go first."

Standing in "the spot" in the middle of the den for the first time tonight, she slowly pulled the blue top over her head. However, the bottom of her top got caught beneath her 36Cs, so as she pulled them off, her black lace bra-encased melons lifted and jiggled a bit before settling. She let Michael cop an eyeful as she adjusted her hair a little, causing her tits to jiggle more, before throwing her top to the pile of clothes and then sitting down. 

Everyone knew Krystle was going to the main event this round, so Jenny automatically got up next. Again standing in "the spot", she pulled her arms out of both tank top sleeves before peeling the orange tank over her head. She didn't waste time standing around parading this time as she knew that Krystle was going to be the one that everyone, especially Michael, wanted to see as she'll be the first (and hopefully, Michael thought, not the only) to be showing some real skin tonight. After throwing the orange tank to the pile, Jenny sat down. 

The room had been quieter than usual; the giggling had been replaced by evocative smiles and a degree of apprehension, excitement and sexual tension. 

Michael was still standing behind the couch, this time right behind where Krystle as his hand unconsciously went to adjust his huge bulge in preparation for the feast his eyes was about to get. 

Krystle sighed a little... "Alright let's get this over with."

She got up and moved to the middle of the den again, this time slightly slower than normal and posed with her right hand on her hip in front of everyone. A small smile formed on the edges of her lips. 

"Hold on to your horses big guy...." Krystle smiled and stared sexily at Michael as she reached both hands back to find her bikini top string, while of course arching those incredible tits out. When it looked like she had found the strings, she spun around on her heels with her back facing everyone, and in the same motion, with her head titled back sideways to see no one in particular, pulled to undo the bikini string. She pulled her hair to one side in front over her right shoulder.

Michael gulped as the sides of Krystle's boobs peeked out, with her bikini still hanging off her neck. He leaned forward with his elbows on the couch back as he shifted uncomfortably to adjust his massive erection. She reached up to her neck with both hands, and in one fell swoop undid it and in the same motion threw the bikini to the side. 

She put her hands on her hips and looked forward with her bare back facing everyone. 

GAWD this is so FUCKING HOT! 

As she slowly turned around, Michael held his breath in anticipation, but before he could get a good view of Krystle's tits, she quickly moved both hands up to cover them. Of course, with her small hands, there wasn't much she could hide of those 36Cs. What her hands did do was push them together, as Krystle held that pose momentarily with her gaze on Michael.

He might have very well shot his load there and then, with all the teasing that was happening. He remembered to breathe again, and his confidence yet again returned.

"Hands down baby. Let's see what you got." 

With that command by Michael, Krystle dropped her hands to her side. Her breasts hardly sagged as she let them go, and her areolas were a dark brown that seemed to be perfectly symmetrical on both sides. 

Afrodite Night. That European (?) pornstar.... Tits and all. 

That's what Krystle's body reminded Michael of. It took him every ounce of his willpower to not rush her and fuck her brains out right there and then. 

God I watch too much porn! First thing that comes to mind when...if...no no it has to be WHEN... WHEN I see these women naked will be to make pornstar comparisons. But man the things I'll do them...

Michael chuckled a little inside. 

He hadn't noticed all the women starting at him, and when he did finally realize, he felt a hot rush up his neck as he swallowed the gulp in his throat.

Nicole laughed, "Sit down girl before you give the man a heart attack!"

Krystle laughed in response and strolled sexily back to her seat towards Michael who was still standing behind where she had sat, allowing her firm tits to jiggle with each step. Michael unashamedly kept his eyes on them the whole time. 

Nicole laughed again as Krystle sat down, "Do you need a moment?"

"Huh?"

Ellie interjected, "This next round is the grope round. We don't want to kill you with a heart attack."

All the women laughed as the tension seemed to lighten a little. Michael blushed incredibly, but managed to somehow retort, "Oh yeah well let's see what happens when I have you in my hands." He leaned down towards Krystle, taking in a great view of her bare breasts while breathing loud enough into her ear for everyone to hear... "Krystle should know." 

She grinned and bit her lips. 

Nicole spoke up again. "Ok everyone settle down. It's the grope round again...Whoever knows CPR better get ready to resuscitate Michael when he passes out!" 

They all laughed. 

So this is it. Round 8. The non-pass round. The Grope Round. Again. 

Michael took a deep breath, recounting the experience of feeling up Krystle earlier. Having seen her gorgeous tits, he definitely wouldn't mind getting his hands on them again, even if it was just for 20 seconds. However at 64 points, it was unlikely as Krystle was sure to play it safe. In fact, it's highly possible that NONE of the women will lose anything this time round. Jenny was at 43, Nicole at 48, Krystle at 64 and Ellie at 27. This meant that they would each need to get at least 17,12,16 and 13 points respectively. With the caution that he saw them exercising, it was unlikely that they'll lose enough points to strip.

Ellie and Nicole stood the highest chance of losing something of course; all they needed was to get the Queen of Spades, and that was it. 

About time I got to feel both of them up!  Michael thought, catching himself by surprise as he had stopped thinking about Nicole that way a long time ago... and for Ellie, well she never showed any interest and he never had the time to pursue a relationship, even if it was purely physical one. 

He had to adjust his boner again at the thought of groping Ellie and Nicole. 

Then again, the chances of no one losing their clothes was much higher, especially if it was 

Krystle or Jenny who picked up the Queen of Spades. 

FUCK. That would REALLY suck!! Maybe I'll catch a break. 

As soon as the cards were dealt by the computer, Michael noticed a huge smile on Jenny's face. He was standing behind Ellie, directly across from Jenny. She glanced up at him and winked before quickly going back to her cards. Michael tried to stroll casually towards her, once again taking in another eyeful of Krystle's bare tits and Nicole's in her bikini and Ellie's in her black lace bra as he walked around behind them. 

When he got behind Jenny, the first thing that caught his attention was of course her tits, encased in a simple grey bra. Sure they weren't big like that the others, only a 34B he guessed, but they looked like they had a perfect shape to them. After being fixated on her tits for a few moments, he moved his eyes towards her tablet and the hand that she had. 

It took him every inch of willpower he had to contain his excitement and not show any emotion as his heart skipped a couple of beats. 

Jenny's hand was incredible; in fact it was so good that it would be hard to not shoot the moon... and that meant that he would get to strip and grope ALL THREE of the other women!! Nevertheless, Jenny had a couple of low cards that she needed to get rid of, and she would have to do so very carefully and nonchalantly, less the others knew what she was up to. 

After four tricks with no hearts cards out (and in which Jenny last got rid of a 4 of clubs), she had in her hand the Queen, King and Ace of Spades, along with the Nine, Ten, Jack, Queen, King and Ace of Hearts. 

Ellie took the last trick, and all Jenny needed to shoot the moon was for Ellie to drop a Spade or a Hearts card in her next play. Ellie sensed that something was up, especially as both Jenny and Michael seemed to be trying hide their excitement. Ellie then glanced at both Nicole and Krystle, who also guessed something was up at this stage. 

Ellie spoke up, "What are you two up to?" 

Michael feigned innocence and put his hands up. "What?? I'm only watching!"

"Come on Ellie... they're just pretending." Krystle sounded more like she was trying to comfort herself. 

"Fine."

Ellie played the 9 of Spades. 

Michael put his hands to his mouth and walked away in excitement momentarily. The other women were genuinely surprised and puzzled.

Jenny put her tablet down. 

"You're welcome Michael."

She played the Queen of Spades, then the King and the Ace, and of course all the Hearts cards. It didn't matter with the order, she was going to take them all. 

As Jenny collected one trick after another, Nicole, Krystle and Ellie all couldn't believe what was happening. All three of them were going to lose a piece of clothing, and Michael was going to be the one taking them off, while surely copping a nice feel in the process. The tricks moved at an agonizing pace for the three women. 

With the final trick collected by Jenny, the scored showed her staying at 43 as the others all picked up 26 points. Ellie jumped from 27 to 53. Her shorts were going. Nicole is going from 48 to 74; Michael will finally get to see, as well as grope those gorgeous 38D melons.

And Krystle was going from 64 to.... 90. She couldn't believe her eyes. She was going to get totally naked, and she was going to have to suck Michael's cock in front of everyone. Not that he wasn't attractive or anything, but her pride was getting the best of her. However her body seemed to have a slightly different response as she felt a slight heat and wetness between her legs. 

"I own you all!"

Jenny laughed and lifted her hands triumphantly.

"And once again Michael, you lucky bastard, you're welcome."

The other three women sat down where they were, looking around somewhat sheepishly. Krystle had crossed her arms over her bare breasts, trying to suppress her smile while looking at no one in particular. Ellie was fidgeting with her hair. Nicole had her left arm crossed under her bikini covered tits while she had her right thumb between her teeth, biting on it as she normally would when she got nervous. 

Michael couldn't believe his luck. For a few seconds no one moved. 

Jenny spoke up with an incredible air of confidence of course.

"All right who wants to go first.....hrmm.. well it would make sense for Krystle to be last of course, since we'll be seeing her in all her glory. And Michael too..."

She directed her gaze towards the huge bulge in his pants. 

"We'll finally get to see what that bulge looks like. And not to mention how it'll look in Krystle's mouth."

Krystle blushed incredibly. Michael tried his best to not react, but he definitely wasn't able to hide his stupid grin. 

"I guess Ellie, since you're not showing any real skin yet... you should go first, then Nicole." 

No one said anything for a few more moments.

"Fine." Ellie said as she moved to "the spot" as Michael followed behind her. She tied her back up in a ponytail as she waited for Michael to position himself behind her. 

Ellie put her hands down by her side and looked up at and around the ceiling as Michael put his hands on her hips. She shivered a little as he pressed his boner into her ass. She suppressed a smile, but she was definitely very nervous. She wasn't even going to be showing any real skin, but she had never done something like this before... to her, it was not just bold, but downright crazy. She was the one that initially objected the most to it, but finally gave in when the other women teased her mercilessly. She gave in on the condition that the rules would be set and clear. 

She could count on one hand the number of men whom she had allowed to put their hands on her, and she had only slept with one of those men. Even then, she didn't maintain the relationship for long, preferring to focus on her work. Sexually, she was definitely quite inexperienced, in spite of a 36C-24-34 body that was built for fucking.

Michael didn't know all this of course, but the "innocent" tag that he had placed on Ellie right from the start certainly fit the bill. She, and especially her tits even as they were still covered by her bra, reminded him of a dark brown haired version of Holly Hansen, that redhead pornstar who only did a couple of videos as far as he could fine. 

Holly could barely handle that guy's dick. I bet Ellie couldn't handle mine....

Michael couldn't wait to get his hands on her. 

Jenny moved across the room and picked up Ellie's phone. 

"Alrighty... your 20 secs begins... NOW."

Unlike what he did with Krystle, Michael wasted no time and went straight to unbuckling, unzipping and pulling down Ellie's denim shorts. He wondered if Ellie really was as innocent as she looked, and if she was, well he was going to see if he could get her off in 20 secs as she is sure to be very sensitive to his touch. 

It took him only 2 secs to take off her denim shorts, and the ferocity in which he did it caught Ellie by surprise. His right hand then went straight to her pussy and his left grabbed her tit, eliciting a shocking gasp from Ellie as he started to rub her pussy through her black panties while running his tongue and kissing all along her neck and ear and grinding his boner against her ass. 

The other three women watching were also a little stunned at the fervour that Michael was exhibiting, but after being teased for so long, it was surely understandable that Michael's baser instincts would be taking over. 

Michael alternated between Ellie's left and right tit, rubbing her protruding nipples through her sheer lace bra while continuing to rub Ellie through her panties; he had clearly found her g-spot as she was gasping between breaths of air, trying hard to not moan. However that soon became difficult as she was building up to a climax. 
