 (Wiley discovers what happened to Madeline and gets reacquainted with Bobbie from Dallas)

-----After a night of mutual blissful fucking, Wiley awoke to find Bobbie in his bed. The events of the day before jogged his brain but Madeline was still in his mind despite the great fucking on the couch. ------

"Good morning baby," I said as my face roamed down to Bobbies soft blonde furls. Her sweet pussy aroma was intoxicating and caused a significant stirring in my cock. It was a mixture of her warm fishy juice, my cum and the slight hint of piss.

I admired the shape and beauty of her perfectly proportioned thighs and the center of my interest where it was warm and moist. My face and tongue parted her pussy lips and stroked the slit eagerly tasting the salty clammy juices.

"Hmmmmmm—Oh yes—now that's how to wake a girl up," she said sleepily.

Needing no encouragement, I stroked her inner slit and teased her oily clitoris. After some time she began to arch her hips up and stretch each time my tongue made contact with the hardened nub.

Grasping her knees, I raised them back over her chest and sucked and licked furiously on her swollen clit. In less than a minute, she was cumming and ejected a small stream of juice in my mouth.

"Awwww—agggghhhh—I'mmm cummmmiiinnnnnnggggg," she let out a loud wail and then went limp as I completed my task and lightly licked where I had assaulted previously.

We showered and dressed and decided to walk to the Majestic for breakfast.

We passed the adult book store where I was fucked in the ass several weeks earlier. As we passed, she asked if I had been inside—I smiled and said yes—she inquired and I promised to tell her of my adventure later—then she mentioned buying some movies and toys.

During breakfast, she told me that Madeline showed up at Big Daddy's in Dallas. She wasn't looking for a job, just a man to take care of her for a while—pay her rent. 

She knew that since the shooting incidence, that she was being hunted by the friends and relatives of the man I shot outside Daddy's bar.

Bobbie told me that Madeline met a man one night when she and I were at a bar in Atlanta.

Somehow, she talked him into driving her to Texas. Unfortunately for her, the man dumped her high and dry in Mississippi and took off with her things in his car.

I tried not to show any emotion and kept a poker face as though it didn't matter to me. I recalled Madeline was anxious about something.

"Gee, that's too bad," I said flatly. Bobbie went on to say that Madeline's man didn't get her money because she hid it in her jacket when he wasn't looking. Then she talked several truckers into taking her to Dallas.

I didn't bother telling Bobbie that Madeline took a shoebox full of money. I wondered how she felt when she discovered the stack of bills were mostly ones with a twenty on the outside wrap. I hid my real stash of cash. I smiled and shrugged shaking my head.

"Good for her—lucky I'm not the jealous type," I quipped. "But, she had a lot of nice clothes and things, though," I added.

"Yea, apparently the dude got over on her," she remarked.

"Well as my dear old pappy used to say: 'what goes around, comes around'," I commented and shrugged.

Madeline had only brought a few of her things and I paid her rent up in Dallas for three months before we drove to Atlanta.

We decided to take my old Harley Davidson motorcycle out of the garage and tour the city. We traveled downtown to Peachtree Street then past the Capitol building, then over to Grant Park and the Zoo.

We laughed at the monkeys. I told her about "Willie B" the gorilla that I met as a child. I once fed Willie a banana and never forgot how sad and lonely he looked. We stared at the bronze statute of Willie for a minute while I told the story of Willie. 

On the way home, we shopped at the adult book store on Highland. Bobbie wanted some lesbian movies and squealed when she saw the magic wand vibrator and a large rubber dildo. It was my pleasure to purchase what she wanted and I was just thankful the chubby clerk was not there.

Bobbie especially enjoyed ass fucking. She would cum real hard two or three times especially with the magic wand on her pussy. 

Bobbie and I fucked every hour for the next two days. Eat and fuck was all we wanted to do. And then Julie showed up.

I was surprised when Julie showed up at my house. I introduced her to Bobbie. They seemed to get along right away. All of a sudden, Bobbie has a new best friend. 

I told Bobbie about my past sex with Joe and Julie including the video fuck and she was cool with it.

We went to numerous concerts, ZZ Top, and several discos for fun. We double dated with Joe and Julie several times. I admired Bobbie for her ability to drink and not be a drunk. Julie and Bobbie liked cocaine and Joe seemed to have an endless supply.

It was inevitable that the four of us would end up at my house in the living room. Julie and Bobbie sat on the couch and kissed each other putting on a show for me and Joe.

There was a stark contrast between Bobbie's blond hair and Julie's brunette and their skin complexions added fuel to the scene. Julie's skin was more olive and Bobbie was very white.

They kissed and fondled each others titties and gradually stripped. My cock was rock hard watching the two of them making love on the couch. 

Julie pulled Bobbie's top off and then her pants. Her g-string was red and the scene of Bobbie being French kissed while Julie grasped her titties—fondling, pulling, and pinching her big hard nipples was an erotic sight to behold.

"Oooooommmm," moaned Bobbie as Julie sucked hard on Bobbie's tit while her cunt was stuffed with fingers. Bobbie's breath was shallow and she squealed as her tits were ravaged and her pussy invaded. 

I unfastened my jeans and pulled them off. My cock was solid and throbbing watching the two of them making out. Joe unfastened his pants and was stroking his semi hard cock.

I stepped over to the couch and unfastened Julie's pants while she continued to finger fuck Bobbie. I quickly pulled her pants off revealing her dark bush and plump ass. Her crack was already slick from her cunny juice.

I pulled Bobbie's panties off revealing her blond bush and Julie's four fingers prodding inside Bobbie's pussy. Her hand was cupped with four of fingers up to the knuckles and her thumb worked her slick nub.

"You like that—huh—you like that you little pussy tease—you want my fist in your tight little pussy?" demanded Julie as she slammed more and more of her hand inside Bobbie's stretched pussy.

"Hmmm—ooooo—oooo—oooo-oooo—iiieeee—umpf—yes—yes—yes—fuck me with your hand—yes—o yes," cried out Bonnie while her breathing was heavy.

"Open your legs—that's it—yes—open that pussy," Julie yelled as her hand eventually disappeared inside Bobbie's cunt hole. 

Her wrist was surrounded by Bobbie's stretched pussy lips as her hand pumped drawing the pussy out and then pushing back in.

"Oooohhhh—Ouchhhh—iyou're splitinggg me open—it hurtsss—ummgggfff," cried out Bobbie as tears rolled down her cheeks.

Bobbie's screams of agony quickly turned into screams of orgasmic delight. 

Julie fucked Bobbie's pussy furiously for several minutes while Bobbie's hips bucked up and down and Bobbie was cumming over and over again.

"Awww my Gawd—I'm cummminnnngg—o yes—eeeeeeiiiiii," Bobbie screamed out in sweet agony.

Julie slowly pulled her slick oily hand from Bobbie's stretched pussy. She presented her hand to Bobbie's mouth.

"Here slut, suck your cum off my hands—lick it good—suck my fingers," commanded Julie.

Bobbie sucked and licked Julie's hand and fingers. She was spent and her chest heaved in delight.

Julie grabbed Bobbie's hair and pulled her face to her waiting pussy as she reclined back on the couch. She pushed her face hard into her open cunt.

"Suck my cunt—yea that's it slut—suck my cunt good," demanded Julie.

Bobbie's little mouth opened and sucked in Julie's cunt and her tongue bathed the inside walls. Bobbie's ass was in the air and her face down between Julie's legs.

"Mmmpppfffff—slurp—gawwwwkkkk," Julie's pussy muffled Bobbie's groans.

Joe bellied up behind Bobbie presenting his big long cock to her ass. He rammed inside her pussy with no resistance after Julie's hand stretched it. He worked his big dick in and out and then pulled out with Bobbie's juices dripping and shinning on his shaft.

He positioned himself above Bobbie's butt and brought the head of his cock in line with her nether hole. Her crack was slick and oily from her previous emissions. 

Joe prodded a little--then pushed hard and half his cock penetrated Bobbie's tight ass.

"Hmmmmfffff—awwww—ooo—yes—yes—fuck me—fuck my ass," Bobbie managed to muffle out while Julie held her face tight to her pussy.

Joe wasted no time—his hips bucked back and forth plowing deeper and deeper into Bobbie's small hole.

Meanwhile, Julie's face was contorting in orgasm. Her chest heaved up and down and her hips gyrated under Bobbie's attack on her pussy.

From my vantage point, Julie held Bobbie's hair with both hands pushing her face in as far as possible inside her cunt. Bobbie's lower face was indeed buried within Julie's folds and her dark cunt hair obscured Bobbie's eyes and forehead.

The three of them were a fuck team. Their moans and muffled cries blended together like a symphony of sound drowning out the sound of the radio. 

Julie erupted first. She grunted and groaned then screeched that she was cumming. 

"Holy fuck--I'mmm cummmiiiinnnggg--awwwwgaaad," she screamed out.

And cum she did. Her hips bucked up and down on Bobbie's face and her emission poured out around her face.

I could tell from the gulps of Bobbie's throat that she was trying to swallow as much of Julie's cum as possible.

Julie pushed Bobbie's sucking face away from her spent pussy. Bobbie's mouth made a loud sucking noise like a vacuum cleaner hose pulling away from skin. 

Bobbie began taking deep breaths after having been smothered inside Julie's pussy.

Joe was in Bobbie's back side up to his balls and he began to pound her nether hole and innards with his long cock without mercy as Bobbie squealed in agony and begged Joe to fuck her.

"Oh my gawd—he's so deep and ooo iiiiieeeee—ouch—uuuuuu—uh huh—yes yes fuck me fuck me—YES O YES," she screamed as Joe continued to pound in and out.

I could see his long shaft draw almost all the way out and then slam back as deep as possible. My cock throbbed as I slowly stroked it.

Julie got up and motioned for me to take her place. I quickly sat on the couch with my legs spread out and Bobbie's face near my crotch. Her eyes were closed tight and her whole body contorted in wave after wave of orgasm. 

I guided her head to my swollen cock and placed the head at her open mouth. She swallowed my cock deeper and deeper. 

Her lips were stretched over the plum sized head and she gradually took more and more of its thick length past her tongue. I could feel my cock head lodge at her throat. 

She gagged a bit and then she completely swallowed my fat cock all the way down her throat. 

Her face and throat fucked my cock in unison with Joe's thrusting his cock and pounding her ass. Soon her nose was bumping my pelvis.

Slap, slap, slap, slap went Joe's pelvis against her plump ass cheeks. 

Gork, gork, gork, gork was the sound of her mouth as my cock received her throat. 

Every time Joe pounded her ass, a little more of my cock would sink inside her gullet and then out. 

Every time my cock left her throat she would suck in some air. After several minutes of hard ass pounding, Bobbie's body wracked into convulsions as she tensed up and then feinted.

Joe relunctantly pulled his hard nine inch cock from her red hole. 

Julie lay in front of me on the wool rug with her legs spread and beckoned me to fuck her. 

I mounted her in the missionary position. My cock found her wet opening and entered with no resistance. She raised her knees up and wrapped her legs around my waist.

"Oh baby I missed your fat cock—fuck me slow baby—that's it—fuck me good," she babbled.

Joe got behind me and he too applied the missionary position on my ass.

"Wow--I don't know," I said.

It's ok baby, just imagine how good it's gonna' feel in your ass," stated Julie.

I was on top of Julie and he got on my back. I could feel him position his very wet cock to my ass hole. 

"Hmmmmffff, my cock is soo dam hard," I groaned as his big cock penetrated my tight ass. My cock spasmed in delight as his cock head passed my prostate and buried up to his balls.

"Ohhh--mmmffff--it;s so big--yes--o yes--that's it--gawwddd thats fucking good," I cried out as tears rolled down my face.

I ground my hips onto Julie's pussy while Joe pumped deep in my ass. Every thrust of his cock made me grind into Julie's pussy—my cock spasmed as though cumming.

"That feels good doesn't it—that big cock in your ass—you like it don't you," sniped Julie.

Ummm-hmmm—yes—O' its so deep," I mumbled.

Bobbie sat next to us and I could hear the whirring of the magic wand vibrator that we enjoyed so much. She pushed it between my belly and on top of Julie's pussy. The bulb like head squashed her clit.

I held my cock in her pussy and Joe began to pump furiously deep inside my rectum.

In a few seconds, Julie began contorting in orgasm. Her screams were deafening in my ears.

Aaaaaa—ggggawwww—GEEEEEE—UUUUUUiiiiiiIIIIIEEEEE," she came hard and bucked underneath me. 

Joe grunted and came in my ass and pulled his long cock out. Now it was my turn.

I turned Julie over onto her stomach and mounted her ass with my cock. I found her small bung hole and pushed my cock head inside. She cried out in anguish but I was going to have her in the ass.

I held my cock in her ass as her bottom wiggled underneath me causing more of my fat cock to penetrate her tight hole. It seemed to take a long time but I was soon up to my balls and began a slow in and out motion.

"Ohh ugghhhh—its soooo biggg," she cried and tears rolled down her cheeks.

"Oh Julie your ass feels so good—so tight—your ass is milking my cock," I told her. I had fantasized about fucking her ass since that night at Joe's. 

"Oh yes, Wiley is gonna fuck your ass real good," promised Bobbie.

"Hmmm yes—it feels good—fuck me—o yes fuck fuck fuck," she babbled.

I bounced on top of her well rounded ass for several minutes and could feel something else penetrating my ass.

It was Bobbie pushing in her rubber dildo that we bought from the adult book store. It squeezed in easily after Joe had cum inside me. 

My cock throbbed and my hips bucked on top of Julie's ass in earnest. I pounded her tight ass while Bobbie stroked her dildo in and out.

Julie was writhing under me screaming that she was cumming and telling me to fuck her harder. I don't think that it was possible to fuck her any harder.

My cum boiled and I couldn't hold it any longer. It felt like fire erupted through my cock—my balls jammed up and my cum spewed out inside Julie's rectum.

"Oh yes—I'mmmm cummminnngggg," I yelled out as Julie came too. I collapsed on her back for a few seconds then rose pulling my fat cock out and saw her bung-hole agape. I patted her ass cheek with my hand and said thank you.

We took a much needed break—drank cold beer and the girls smoked a reefer. My cock was sore from plowing Julie's tight ass.

We were spent but not finished. 

Continued next week in Chapter 12.