 Hubby would be home any minute with his buddies. The food was prepped and the beer was cold. Their monthly Poker Night was their little tradition and I had no problem with it. It normally consisted of a trip to a couple of strip clubs then back to one of their homes for a night of cards and drinking. 

It was our turn to host the poker night and I had gone all out. Tons of food, cold beers and the hot little French Maid outfit I would be wearing while I served them. My husband knew about the food and beer but even he would be surprised at my attire for the evening. My husband works hard and I wanted the night to be a little extra special for him. 

I was in the final stages of primping when I heard the car pull up. I stuffed my big tits into my new black bra with white lace trim and stepped into my thong with matching white lace trim. I pulled on my black stockings and attached them to my garter belt and stepped into my high heels. I stepped in front of the mirror and put the final touch of my little black apron around my waist. I stood at the mirror and admired my outfit and my well toned body. My tits were bulging and my thong framed my tight ass very nicely.

The door opened and I could hear them downstairs obviously still horny from watching the big fake tits prancing around the strip clubs. With one last adjustment in the mirror I was pretty confident that this outfit would cause them to quickly forget the strippers.

I waltzed down the steps and into the dining room where they had settled at the table to start playing cards. One pair of eyes looked up and then another. The another and another until all 6 pairs of eyes were fixed on me.

"Good evening Gentlemen," I said in my best French accent. "I'll be serving you tonight. Have you been naughty tonight?" 

They all yelled "yes" and I told them with a twinkle in my eye that I would serve them anyway. I walked around the table and bent over to take each ones order. Their eyes followed my cleavage as they tried to order a beer and I could feel the guy behind me staring at my barely covered ass. I brought their beers back and then brought in some trays of appetizers I had made. I had left empty spaces on the trays for my tits to rest on while I served each guy individually. Their hands were within inches of my tits as they helped themselves to the appetizers.

The night was going well as I continued to serve them drinks as needed and even caught my own hubby staring a couple of times. I loved reminding him that it's okay to look at strippers but I was the one who would suck his cock and give him my pussy. I was already fantasizing about fucking him on the table after the guys had or at least passed out in another room.

An hour had passed and my drink runs were becoming less frequent but when I brought a beer to my hubby he asked if I would like to join them for a few hands. I didn't know much about poker but they all assured me that we wouldn't be playing for money. I quickly understood but didn't hesitate to agree since the wine I was drinking in the kitchen had rendered me intoxicated.

We agreed that everyone who lost the hand had to take off a piece of clothing. What was I getting myself into? I reasoned that as long as my hubby didn't care if his friends saw my tits and pussy then why should I? I went to the kitchen and grabbed another bottle of wine to make things a little easier.

First round was over quickly and 6 shoes and my high heel were discarded. Everyone cheered. The second hand was better as I had a bit of beginners luck and won. Other shoes came off.

The next hands were close but I was now sitting there in my apron, bra and thong. A couple of the guys had lost their shirt by now and a new hand was dealt. I had nothing to work with. We all laid our hands down and I had lost. I assumed they all thought my apron was coming off but I decided to give them what they had been waiting for. I unclasped by bra and slowly removed it letting my tits fall out. I twirled my bra over my head while they cheered and then threw it over to my hubby. I shook my tits and cupped them with my hands. I pointed my rock hard nipples to each of them and then brought them to my mouth for a quick lick. I let them drop and said lets play cards. They all cheered again like a group of college boys and the next hand was dealt and luck came my way.

The next 3 hands were mine and we were all in our undies. The next hand would decide who got naked first me or them. The hand was dealt and I couldn't believe it. 2 pairs and an ace. Virtually impossible to beat. There were no moans only cheers from the guys who had to lose their undies. It was as if they wanted to show me their cocks. They all stood up and slid their undies down and their cock popped out. I had never seen 6 hard cocks at the same time. Hopefully not a word of this would make it back to the other wives but it wasn't like it was my idea to play strip poker.

They paraded around the table and showed off their cocks. Some were big and some were small but my hubby's is the one that still caught my eye. When he came around to me I grabbed it and pulled it to my mouth. I licked the tip and all eyes were on us. I took his cock into my mouth and the guys cheered. I slid it in and out of my mouth a few times then announced it was time to play cards.

As everyone took their seats I remembered that I was still wearing my panties while every one else was already in the buff. I threw the next hand which I wasn't going to win anyway and got up on my chair. I did my best stripper impression as I swayed my ass and slowly slid my thong off. The guys cheered when I turned around and exposed my newly shaven pussy. I ran my finger from my neck, over my tits and down to my pussy and played with my swollen clit before retracing the path up my body. 

I felt amazing up on that chair with 6 pairs of eyes staring at my naked pussy and tits. When my little strip tease was over I got back in my seat and announced that the winner of the next hand gets a 1 minute blow job and if I win the guy with the next best hand gets to eat my pussy for 1 minute. The only rule was if he shot is load in under 1 minute then he was out of the game and had to watch. 

"Deal the cards" one horny guy yelled.

I looked at my hubby for his reaction but he was already studying his cards with a big grin on his face. He had drank enough alcohol that I knew he wouldn't care if I gave out some free blow jobs to his friends. Besides he would be the one fucking my pussy a little later anyway.

The hand was dealt and I thought I had a chance until Rick laid down a straight flush. He jumped out of his chair and banged his cock on the table on the way up. A deal is a deal and he practically ran over to me. I told him to let me know if he was going to cum because I didn't want to swallow anyone's load unless it was my hubby's. Rick said he was drunk enough and lasting minute wouldn't be a problem.

I told them to start the clock and took his dick into my mouth. I licked and sucked his entire shaft. I felt his knees buckle at 30 seconds and his cock start to throb. I knew he would cum before the minute was up. My hubby had been really drunk before but I could always make him cum in a minute or two. My cock sucking skills are amazing. Rick yelled he was cumming at 50 seconds so I slid his cock out of my mouth and aimed it at my naked tits. His wad squirted all over my 34d's and I stroked the last few remaining drops out of his dick. A deal is a deal and Rick new he was out of the game. 

The next hand went out and another free blow job. Poor Mike didn't last 30 seconds and I wondered when his wife, Jane, had sucked his dick last or when they had had sex last because only a man not getting any will shoot his wad in under 30 seconds.

I easily won the next hand and wondered if the remaining 4 guys threw the hand for the chance to eat my pussy. We studied the cards and determined Jim had the next best hand. Of course I wanted my hubby to win but he licks my pussy all the time and it would be nice for a little variety. I slid to the end of my chair and Jim knelt between my legs. His tongue reached my pussy before I could even say start the clock. His tongue entered me and my pussy started to moisten. He probed me for a few seconds and then went for my clit. He flicked it furiously and I felt the beginnings of an orgasm when someone called time. Jim could lick pussy.

It was only my hubby, Jim, Ted and Steve left in the game with me. Jim and Steve won the next two hands but were quickly eliminated as both of them came on my tits before their minute was up. I won the next hand and Ted had the honor of exploring my pussy. He wasn't as good as Jim but he kept my pussy more.

Ted won the next hand and I finally figured out that my hubby wasn't winning on purpose because he wanted to watch me suck all of his friend's cocks. He also knew that none of his friends would be able to last a minute with my dick sucking skills no matter how drunk his friends were.

I took Ted's cock in my hand and stroked it a couple of times while I said to start the clock. I took his cock in my mouth and started to give the best blow job of the night so far. I was 4-0 so far and wanted to make it a clean sweep. I sucked his entire length and massaged his balls while I gave him head. Ted was lasting longer than I wished. The countdown started 10, 9, 8 when I felt him start to buckle, 7, 6, 5...With no warning from Ted I pulled his cock out of my mouth just in time for his hot white liquid to splatter all over my face. The warm coating slid down my face as the second spurt hit my lips. I licked the tip of his cock to do my best to clean him up.

The guys cheered as I reached for a napkin to clean my face. None of them had lasted a minute although Ted had hung in there until 56 seconds.

With Ted now out of the game, the guys started putting their clothes on and my hubby announced he was the only one who could last a minute. They guys all booed and I also said that I was on a roll and he couldn't last as long as Ted. I told him that if he could last a minute then I would fuck him right here on the table in front of his friends. 

Hubby sat his bare ass on the table in front of my chair. His rock hard cock needed no stimulation. Watching me suck 5 cocks before his was all the visual stimulation he needed. I told the boys to start the clock as I lowered my head to his lap. I licked his shaft from his balls to the tip of his dick just like I had on the other 5 cocks then wrapped my lips around his amazing 8" cock and slowly slid it into my mouth. As much as I liked having 5 strange cocks in my mouth it felt wonderful to finally have my hubby's familiar cock in my mouth. 

I was giving him great head knowing that he would be able to last longer than a minute because we had fucked right before he left to go to the strip clubs. I had made the bet I knew I would lose because I wanted to fuck him on the table in front of his friends. The countdown started 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 and I slid his cock out of my mouth while the guys cheered. Without hesitation I stood and pushed hubby onto the table I climbed on top of the table praying it would hold us and straddled his waiting cock. The tip penetrated my pussy easily from the lube of the blow job and I eased down onto his cock. It filled my pussy as I balanced myself over him and started to slide up and down on his shaft. My nipples were like diamonds and he reached up to cup my bouncing tits. He held them tight while tweaking my nipples at the same time. We fucked and fucked and my moans turned into screams. My orgasm was cumming and I wouldn't be denied. I had given too many free blow jobs and been naked far too long not to have a screaming orgasm. I could feel hubby's dick explode inside me and felt his dick grow soft. I reached between my legs and found my clit. I stroked it while my hubby tweaked my nipples. My orgasm came quickly and I arched my back thrusting my big tits out. The room was silent as a couple more spasms shook through my body. The guys were speechless knowing they had just watched the best porno they would ever see and it was all live.