 A few years ago, I went with my former boyfriend, who is a professional photographer, to New York on a three-day trip to attend a photography exhibition.

We were staying at a hotel, but knew another photographer called Sam who we had met at another exhibition in London. We were invited to his house on the first night of our stay. I was introduced to his girlfriend Anne who suggested that I went out for a drink with her the following evening. My boyfriend would be attending a seminar, and Sam and some pals would be having their weekly card school, so we would both be free.

So it was agreed that I would take a taxi over to Sam's, where Anne would meet me. When I arrived, Sam invited me in. However, it turned out that Anne couldn't meet me, because her mother had been taken ill. They had lost our hotel telephone number and couldn't warn me.

"What a shame. Now you are left on your own," said Sam. On the other side of the room two men sat at a card table. They looked about the same age as Sam, in their late twenties, I guessed. "Do you play poker at all?" Sam asked, indicating the card players. "As it happens, I enjoy poker, and have played quite a bit on the Internet," I replied. Sam smiled. "Join us then. It is better than sitting alone in your hotel. But I must warn you that we play for quite high stakes."

"Thanks, that's fine," I replied, thinking that I could take these guys on easily, and make some extra spending money. Sam introduced me to his pals -- Bill, and Ted. I had already noticed them eying me up from across the room. 

Thinking that I was going to some smart places with Anne, who was very glamorous, I had dressed in a tight white mohair sweater, and a short Ted skirt with matching spike sandals, and had used my modelling sheen oil on my long bare legs. I was definitely over-dressed for a quiet card game, and couldn't blame them for staring.

I had put all the dollars my boyfriend had given me into my handbag, intending to leave them in the hotel safe. But my taxi had been waiting, and I forgot, and rushed out without depositing them. So I had about $500 with me, which was what we had budgeted to spend on the trip, as we had full board at the hotel. I sat down at the table, drinks were poured, and we started.

The games flowed on, as did the bourbon and coke I was drinking, which didn't taste as disTedting as I had expected. I can hold my drink, but began to feel the effect of the generous measures Sam poured.

Unfortunately, either my luck or my skill deserted me. After a promising start, I started losing big-time. Hand after hand went against me. After an hour, not only had I lost the $500, but another $200, which Ted had lent me. I had insisted on writing an IOU, to ease my embarrassment. When I ran out of cash, I sat ashen faced, thinking, what the fuck have I done? And what was my boyfriend going to say? He disapproved of gambling anyway. He was likely to finish with me over my disaster. I also knew that we had reached the limit on our credit cards, to pay for the trip. I was in deep shit, as my American friends would have said. We had all been drinking fairly heavily, and as the evening had progressed, the men had been laughingly making remarks about my tits. 

Sam smiled at me, "I hear that you are still modelling, Emma." 

"That's right," I replied glumly. 

"So you have no problem in taking off your clothes in front of men," he grinned. 

"Not if the money's right," I shot back, sensing what he was getting at, and seeing a possible way out of my predicament. He then suggested a way to get me back into the card game. I could nominate an article of my clothing. The men would then bid to be the one allowed to remove it and receive a kiss from me. With the money they gave me I could start gambling again. Yes, with me half naked, I thought. Still, it might just help me by distracting them. This was different from posing for professional photographers, and I did feel embarrassed. But my desperation to get the money back, plus the effect of the bourbon, overcame my scruples. My losses had been shared pretty evenly among the four men, so they were not short of cash. Also, they too had been drinking and were obviously feeling horny.

I offered my sweater first, since they had ruled that my stilettos would not be permitted. Amid some laughter and joking the highest bid was made by Ted, who I had noticed staring at my breasts a lot. I stood up, and to shouts of encouragement, he very slowly drew my sweater over my head, craftily running his fingers over the tops of my breasts as he did so. As women do, to feel good, I had put on a brand new black lacy bra and thong set, even though I had thought that the only man to see me in them would my boyfriend. Ted stepped back, and there was silence for a moment as the men admired the sight of my breasts swelling out of the low cups -then whistles and mutters of appreciation followed. I became aware of my nipples rising, as I grew excited by the situation. Glancing down, I saw that one of my nipples was half-exposed, the brown tip thrusting up from the contrasting half circle of pink areola.

I quickly adjusted my bra as Ted pulled me in for his kiss. I kept my mouth closed, although he did take a long time about it, and his tongue was probing demandingly. I volunteered my skirt next, and after some banter, Bill was the highest bidder.

He led me to the centre of the room, so that they could get a good view, after I had taken a quick gulp of bourbon for courage. After fumbling with the catch and zip for a bit, he slowly drew my skirt down my legs, managing to get a nice feel of my ass as his hands passed. When my black thong came into view, he paused, and the other two applauded and whistled. But as I stepped out of the skirt and Bill held my outstretched hand, the room became silent again as they gazed at me. My long legs were set off perfectly by the spike heels, and my black lacy thong was cut high on my thighs, and disappeared between my cheeks. 

I tried to lighten things a bit by laughing and doing a few twirls, but actually I was getting turned on. I could feel my pussy starting to lubricate, and was suddenly aware of the way the thong pulled against my clit. When Bill pulled me close for his kiss, I felt his hard-on pressing against my bare tummy. I found myself automatically opening my mouth a little to his searching lips, and when the kiss became prolonged, I pushed him away playfully. I usually got worked up when I was posing for the sexy photo shoots, and it was happening again. Although a lot of women would have felt terribly embarrassed, the exhibitionist in me was starting to enjoy the situation.

After they had jokingly insisted that I strut my model stuff around the room for a while, going into all the standard poses loved by photographers, we sat down and started the poker again. At least my legs and thong were out of sight under the table, but every time I leaned forward, most of my tits were on display. I had accumulated a reasonable betting bank from my antics, and this time I did a bit better and won back about $100. But I still did not have enough to cover my losses. I could see that the men's minds weren't really on the game, with me sitting there almost naked. 

Eventually Sam spoke up. "Look guys, I've had about enough of poker. But it seems a shame to leave our pretty little visitor out of pocket. How about if we give her some of her losses back in return for her doing a few dances for us?" The others immediately agreed enthusiastically, so he turned to me. "Well babe, what do you think?" From the tone of the remarks they had been passing about me, I had half expected something like this. I considered their request. Could this be my way of getting out of my predicament?

It could be easy money. With a bit of luck and the modelling skills I had learned, I should be able to wrap these horny, tipsy guys around my finger, and tease them into getting all my money back. Well - that was the idea.

After a bit of hard bargaining, I persuaded them to chip in $50 dollars each if I took off my bra and danced for them to music for about fifteen minutes. I figured that if I could get them enjoying it, and they kept on drinking, they would ask for more, and the money would roll in. So they put on some slow R & B music and I proceeded to twist and turn to the music, dressed only in my thong and stilettos. As I danced for them I tried to imagine that I was just at a club, fully dressed, and dancing for my own pleasure. But I realised well enough how sexy I must look to them. 

I couldn't resist sneaking glances of my image in a mirror. I noticed how my high heels made my breasts sway when I moved. The thong was clinging to my crotch as my exertions made me sweat and I could see the outline of my pussy lips begin to show through the flimsy material. It was turning me on to be exposing myself like this - only feet away from these horny, young strangers. I was definitely getting very sexually excited and I wondered if the pussy juices which had started to flow would start to show through the already damp crotch of my thong. 

I tried not to look at the men, but when I took a glance, I could see how their trouser flies were bulging. In fact Ted was quite openly rubbing his hard-on through his trousers, as he muttered something in Sam's ear. Then he stood up. Pulling $50 from his pile on the table, he said, "How about dancing with me up close for a while? There's twenty bucks in it for you."

"Make it fifty," I retorted, sticking to my plan, with fingers crossed.

Ted hesitated for a second, as his eyes greedily roamed over my body. "Fine," he grunted. "But I want some kissing as well," and he added the money to my pile on the table.

"Okay, but ten minutes only. Will you time us Sam?" I asked. Sam nodded eagerly,

"Sure, and count Bill and me in for that deal as well, he added."

I hesitated, and took a large swallow of bourbon. "Fine - ten minutes, and with your hands on my shoulders only, okay?" 

"Sure Emma babe," smiled Ted. "No problem." 

He was a good head taller than me, and his body looked lean and firm. Ted placed my hands on his broad shoulders, and slipped his arms under mine. His big warm hands slid up my back and lightly grasped my shoulders, which tingled at his touch. When he drew me into him, my naked breasts were squeezed against his cotton shirt, and my nipples rose immediately. I wondered if Ted could feel the points pressing against his skin. He made no attempt to prevent the bulge of his big hard cock from pressing against my bare stomach. As we shuffled slowly to the music, our bodies pressed together, Ted bent his neck to find my lips, and we kissed. At first I kept my lips closed, but before I knew it, they had parted instinctively, and our tongues met. After a few minutes, Ted's hands moved lower to lightly caress my shoulder blades. I made no move to stop him -- partly because I didn't want to spoil my money-making game, and partly because it felt so fucking great.

As we turned to the music, I suddenly felt another body pressing against me from behind. Arms went round me trapping my arms and pinning me hard against Ted. I heard Sam`s voice in my ear "How would you like to make some real money Emma?" 

The guys started to paw me a little, touching my breasts and running their hands up and down my legs, breathing on my neck. I broke away from them. "Whoa, cowboy," I said with a laugh, although I was not really finding the situation funny. "Sure, but what do I do for it?" I asked. I was still smiling but my pulse was racing, and my mind was whirling in anticipation of what his reply was going to be.

"Well Emma, you are obviously no angel. Let us fuck you and you can have all your money back that you lost at cards and we will tear up the IOU note." 

There was a tense silence as they waited for my reaction. I played for time. "I don't think so," I replied after a bit. Sam continued, "That's $700 dollars, we are talking about, Babe -- an expensive fuck, even for a body like yours." 

I knew that the choice was really a simple one to make. It was essential that I recover the money, and another three fucks wasn't going to make much difference to my track record with men. However, I had never done it for money before. Did this make me a whore? I almost giggled nervously at the thought.

So after an appropriate hesitation I spoke, eying the notes that I had accumulated. "And I get to keep the money, I have got at present?" 

"Sure," said Sam eagerly, his eyes lighting up. 

"OK, but only one of you at a time," I said feigning reluctance, although to be honest, my slutty body was becoming very aroused at the thought of what was about to happen. "And as far as my boyfriend is concerned, I won that extra money, okay? 

"Absolutely," Sam assured me. I watched while he carried out my final requirement and phoned to book a taxi for me to come in one hour's time. He took the IOU from Ted and tore it up. "Come on let's divvy up boys," he said to his mates. When he had gathered the $500 together, Sam handed the wad to me, and I stuffed it with the other money into my handbag. I was determined to try to retain some form of control.

"Where do you want me? Here or in the bedroom?" 

"Here would be fine Babe," Sam replied, looking questioningly at the other two who nodded. Strangely enough, I felt that Ted and Bill were looking a bit embarrassed at the way things had developed. But I noticed that the bulges at their crotch hadn't subsided. I walked across to the sofa and sat down naked apart from my thong, and waited for their moves. I eased my thong slightly where it was pressing into my damp pussy lips. Looking as if they couldn't believe their luck, the three men quickly stripped and came over to me. Their erections swayed as they moved eagerly to my side.

Sam sat beside me and started to kiss me full on the mouth. I felt fingers on my breasts and thighs as Sam forced the whole of his tongue into my mouth. Ted started whispering in my ear, in between putting his tongue in it. "You are going to get so fucked, honey." Then I felt hands pulling me to the edge of the sofa, and my thong was drawn over my legs. I had known that my insistence on one at a time wouldn't be respected, but it had made me sound less willing, I hoped. My thong caught on one of my spike heels for a moment as it was pulled over my feet. My face was buried under Sam's as hands roved over my thighs and then inevitably my pussy. I jerked when fingers touched my aroused lips and brushed my swelling clit. At that time in my life, I had only enjoyed one on one fucks, but this set-up was one that I had fantasised about often when masturbating. My body is extremely responsive to sexual stimulus, and I had wondered how it would respond to multi-partner sex. I was going to find out there and then.

I winced as a couple of fingers slid straight into my slippery pussy. I wasn't sure if they were Ted or Sam's. Then I heard Ted's voice, "She's fucking soaking down here. She's so tight that she's trying to bite my fingers of with it, she's fucking gagging for it boys." Despite my mounting excitement, I felt a twinge of shame at the coarse words which happened to be true. I was soaking wet, I had this man's fingers stuck in me and I was gripping on them involuntarily, so he knew that I was enjoying it. "Right hold her open boys so I can get a good look up there." Sam stopped kissing me, Bill stopped stroking my breasts and they both bent forward around my lap. They made all sorts of lewd comments about my pussy as they spread it and fingered it, occasionally rubbing my clit. Well they had had a lot to drink, and they were paying for their fun, I thought, to make allowances for them treating me like a toy. I closed my eyes and lost myself in the sensations, my pussy getting wetter and wetter as they played with me. I even found their crude comments were turning me on. Through half open eyes I glanced down at the three men as they played with my now throbbing cunt and clit. It was an amazing experience to feel six hands probing, stroking and tweaking. My arousal had been building for some time, and the novelty and strangeness of the situation added to my horniness. 

Even so I was taken by surprise when a flick on my clit put me over the edge and I started to convulse in a massive orgasm. I could hear the three men laughing. Fingers were everywhere and hands were holding me steady as I bucked and writhed. My customary loud orgasmic shrieks seemed to please them. As I came down they loosened their grips, and let me loll back against the sofa. I remember vaguely thinking that they hadn't even started fucking me yet. 

Leaning against the back of the sofa, I felt movement and I opened my eyes to see Ted straddling my legs and pushing his cock towards my face. He held my hair tight as he put the bulging head of his erect cock to my mouth. I took the shaft in my hand to control it, and at the same time I felt someone behind him part my thighs and ease my ass to the edge again. Then there was pressure on my pussy entrance for a second, before it yielded. I looked round Ted to see Sam kneeling between my legs, his eyes closed in concentration as he lunged into me, and impaled me on his hard prick. When it was fully sheathed, Sam pulled me nearer to him by my hips then hoisted my legs over his shoulders. When he drew back and then thrust again, I was forced to gasp as he pressed hard against the roof of my cunt from that convenient position. I was glad that I was thoroughly aroused and lubricated, or it would have been painful, as he totally filled me with each push of his body. As it was, each stroke angled up against my sensitive front wall, and waves of pleasure ran through me.

Sam had pulled me further down the sofa, bringing my mouth to an even more convenient height for Ted's rampant tool which was quivering in my hand. "Go on, poker player," Ted hissed sarcastically, while pushing his hips at my face. "Go on, suck it good. I'm sure you've had plenty of practice." I suddenly wondered if Ted had lent me the money in the confidence that I would lose it and come under his power. How the fuck did I get into this mess? Maybe I wasn't as good at cards as I thought I was. 

. Well one thing was sure. I was good at giving head, or at least, so I was told. It made sense for me to get these men satisfied, and then get out with my money as quickly as possible. I took the head in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it a few times, then let it slide just to the very back of my mouth. I held it there, my fingers firmly round the base of his shaft, letting the warmth and wetness of my mouth percolate through to him. Ted impatiently tried to thrust, but I had one hand round one of his firm buttocks and I dug my nails in sharply as I held him steady. At least I was in control of this part of it. Finally I started sliding my mouth back and forward in slow lip-gripping movements, while my tongue circled his stiff rod. I was pleased to hear him mutter some approval, but I suddenly lost concentration, as the pleasure I was getting from Sam's fucking intensified. He was doing me really well -- steady, deep strokes, without pausing -- keeping my pleasure on the boil. He was cleverly touching my clit just enough to bring me to the brink, without letting me cum. I couldn't stop myself starting to writhe and push against him, which of course he wanted me to do. I drew my head back from Ted's belly, as my quickening breathing made it hard to suck him. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Bill wanking furiously, his eyes fixed on the scene. He stopped, and grabbed Sam by the shoulder.

"Come on Sam, for Christ's sake. Let's swap round -- it's my turn." 

Sam chuckled. I was amazed that he was showing so much control and hadn't cum by now. It looked as if he was determined to get their money's worth. 
