 This story took place back in the early 90's. I was in college at a small Midwestern university. My friends and I were always looking for a good time on the weekends (or weekdays, for that matter). There were three of us: Dan, Jim, and myself (Rob) who were always horny as hell and on the lookout for girls who were as interested in sex as we were. 

I had just hit off a (hopefully-more-than-) friendship with a beautiful girl in one of my classes named Jennifer. She seemed a bit conservative about sex (the prettiest ones were), and on the few dates that we had, she seemed reluctant to let me go past third base. Fortunately, that got me far enough to realize that even though her breasts were not large, they were gorgeous with very sensitive nipples that she liked to have sucked, and that she had very powerful orgasms.

One weekend (after we had been dating for about a month), Jennifer said that she had a couple of girlfriends (don't you love it when they use that word) who were looking for something to do. I mentioned that I had two dateless friends, and maybe we could all hang out together. Soon, we were all hanging out in Dan's room, drinking various "adult beverages." After a while, we were all buzzing a bit, and we guys couldn't help but hope for more than just talking. I already mentioned that Jennifer was beautiful, with a trim, athletic figure and long blond hair. Amy was short, with enormous breasts, wide hips, and long dusty blond hair. Kat was a tall volleyball player with a nice body and short, jet black hair. Any of the three of us guys would have been glad to be with just one of these girls, let alone getting drunk with all three. 

The talk naturally started to focus on sex, and we found out that these three were not complete innocents. Kat even admitted that she "went both ways," occasionally. My mind started to race, trying to think of some way to start up a little action. I suggested a game of strip poker, half expecting to be shot down. Surprisingly, the girls (and of course Dan and Jim) all agreed. Kat went one step further, suggesting an "advanced" version: 

Each person was to write down three punishment activities for EACH other person to perform. The activities were written on different colored slips of paper, Green meaning fairly innocent, Yellow was spicy, and Red was for completely outrageous fantasies. The slips of paper were then folded and placed in front of each player that they were intended for. Kat explained that the game would be a faster card game than poker, and instead of just removing clothes, players could choose to act out one of the activities chosen at random from the pile in front of them. When someone was out of clothes and activities, they were out of the game. Play would proceed until there was one winner, who would get to ask each other player for a favor.

This sounded incredible to me, and I couldn't wait to begin. Seeing these girls naked was enough of a turn on, but some of the things I had written down as punishments were really HOT. I looked at the pile of 15 paper scraps in front of me and knew we were in for a GREAT time!

I don't remember all of the details anymore, but there are a few things that I will never forget. This is pretty much how it went.

The game started out a little slow, with people removing shoes and socks, etc. Occasionally, someone would choose to act out a Green punishment. Amy had to kiss Jim, Dan had to tell about when he lost his virginity, and Kat had to tell how many people she had been in bed with (it took a bit for her to come up with the number "about 20"). Soon, however, Jennifer had her jeans off, Jim and I lost our shirts, and Kat was shirtless, trying to decide between removing her bra or taking a Yellow punishment. She decided that, rather than being the first person to show some "forbidden flesh," that she would act out a Yellow action. 

The slip that she opened up instructed her to take Dan into the closet and flash her tits at him. They were in there for over a minute, and when they came back out, Dan was smiling pretty big. Amy was the next to get into clothing trouble, so she took a Yellow paper. She was told to select a guy to press between her breasts for one minute. I was the lucky guy Amy picked to sandwich between those mammoth mounds. I could have smothered in all that creamy flesh, but it would have been quite a way to die! Even in her bra, her breasts were fantastic!

Soon Jim was in just his underwear, not having taken many of his punishments yet. He had to take one that had him giving a three minute backrub to Jennifer. She soon was paying him back, by having to rub her underwear-clad body against his. 

Kat was the first girl to be topless, doing a sexy job of removing her bra. Her breasts were about a C cup, well rounded with very dark, small nipples to complement her naturally dark skin. Go figure, I had a lot of trouble taking my eyes off of them, and lost the next couple of hands. I had to allow Amy to put her hands down the front of my underwear (this is a punishment?) and had to moon the other players.

Jim was now completely naked, and his short, fat dick was completely erect. We knew that this party was getting good! Jennifer was the next to lose her bra, and her 32B breasts looked great, with their rose-colored nipples getting quite hard. I had to reveal my average-sized uncircumcised cock next, being very aware of the pre-cum starting to form at the tip. 

My dick really started to drool when Amy revealed her humongous breasts. Amy was the youngest of the group (only 18 to our 20-22 years), so her natural breasts were still winning the battle against gravity, even with their huge size (around a DD). Her skin was very fair, and her areolae were light in color and at least three inches across. Her nipples were the only ones in the room that weren't hard, but we would definitely be able to do something about that!

Dan was the last guy naked, showing off a very long cock that was almost hard. I guess with a tool that big, it takes a lot of blood to fill it up! Soon, each of the ladies had revealed their pubes too, but while Jennifer and Amy kept their knees together, Kat allowed us all a great look at her pussy. Her black hair was kept very nice and short, and her cunt looked good enough to eat (and hopefully I would).

Now with all of us naked, we pretty much just had Red slips left. I knew the types of things that I had written, and I couldn't wait for them to be acted out. Amy was instructed to drizzle some honey (Dan must have written this one, because he knew he had some in his room) on her breasts, and have Jim and I lick it back off. I got her right tit, and I set out to do my "job." I have never been that big on honey, but I made sure that my tongue and lips removed every last bit (with a few extra licks and sucks to make sure). Her nipple got quite hard, and her whole breast became covered with goosebumps. All three of us were letting out sighs and whimpers. It felt a bit strange to have Jim's head right there next to mine, but there was more than enough flesh to go around.

Dan had the next punishment. He was instructed to face away from the girls and bend over at the waist and hold that pose for a minute while they caressed his butt. Again, I'm not so sure that this was a punishment!

Jim's punishment was worse. He had to stand outside the room (completely naked) for two minutes. The hallway was fairly deserted, but we did hear a couple of shocked voices from girls and a couple of guys ask what he was doing. When Jim returned, his dick was much smaller from embarrassment.

Kat had to lick her own nipples for us, which she did quite seductively. Dan next was told to masturbate for a minute. I don't know how he managed to do that without exploding due to the view and expectations. Jennifer had to lick her fingers and push three of them into her vagina at once. That was quite a turn on for us _and_ her. She didn't seem to be in too much of a hurry to stop either. 

I had managed to go for quite a while without a punishment, but the next one I got was particularly cruel. I had to wear a blindfold for six turns. This was frustrating thinking of what would be going on around me.

I heard that Amy had to give head to Jim for two minutes. I could tell that he wasn't going to make it, and heard everyone gasp as he shot his load down her throat. Apparently she then licked up all of the cum that she had missed.

I got the next punishment - bringing Jennifer to orgasm with my tongue. I let someone guide me between her legs, and knelt down between her legs. I fumbled around a bit to get my bearings, then began to kiss my way up her thigh. As I neared her pussy, crinkly little hairs began to tickle the parts of my face that were not covered by the blindfold. I quickly found her inner lips with my tongue - they were already swollen and damp. I slowly licked from the bottom up to her clit. A gasp from Jennifer told me she loved this. I began to bathe her cunt with my saliva, lapping repeatedly without probing too deep or stimulating her clit too much. Then I began to lick higher, and give a little swirl to her love button each time. When I could sense by her breathing that she was nearing the edge, I plunged my tongue deep into her vagina. This sent her over the top, and her rasping moans nearly did the same for me. She thanked me for my work, and her voice sounded hoarse. (I later found out that she was the one who had written this punishment for me.)

I still had to keep the blindfold on, so I missed the view as Dan was told to lay on his back on the bed. Kat knelt over his face and masturbated herself. She explained that she couldn't bring herself off without a vibrator, but she promised that no _other_ person had ever failed to make her come. Dan said that he said he felt we should each try her out.

That was not to happen now, though, because we decided to continue the game. Jim had the next punishment, having to finger-fuck Jennifer. She didn't have an orgasm, but it did sound like she was getting heated up again. 

After the next hand, the others all started whispering. I wasn't sure what was happening, but Dan told me someone was being punished, then he grabbed my hands and they worked together to lay me flat on my back on the floor. A mouth surrounded my penis, and started to slide up and down. I was instantly rock hard, then the mouth stopped. I felt someone straddle my hips, a hand hold my cock upright, and then a wet pussy slid down onto it. I didn't know which girl it was, but it felt great. Jim said I could have one guess to figure out who it was, and if I was right they would take off my blindfold. I was about to guess Kat, when I felt large breasts brush against my chest. I knew it had to be Amy. They removed my blindfold, and I looked up at those great tits hovering above me and Amy's eyes closed as she rode me. I leaned forward to take a nipple into my mouth. I felt my orgasm coming on, and I clamped down harder on her teat with my lips as I came. This pushed Amy over the edge, and I felt her pussy squeeze my cock, milking our cream until it ran down onto my balls.

Jennifer was punished next, and I wasn't sure how this would go over. She was instructed to kiss Kat on the lips and breasts. Jennifer hesitated at first, but Kat said that she had to obey the rules. Jenny sat there while Kat climbed over and kissed her. I could tell that Jennifer was secretly enjoying it, and the kiss continued with tongues. Kat then gently pushed down Jennifer's head to her firm breasts. Jennifer stuck out the tip of her tongue and lightly flicked at Kat's left nipple. After a couple of more lingering licks, she wrapped her lips around the nipple and began to suck. Dan joked that we should break this up, but none of us were about to do that. Both girls were getting really hot, when Kat pushed Jennifer back and attacked her boobs. Soon, Kat began to kiss down Jenny's stomach to her bush. I already had seen how much Jennifer liked receiving oral sex, and Kat seemed to enjoy giving it just as much. Kat slid two fingers into Jennifer's pussy, and in no time at all, Jennifer's now familiar moans were filing the room.

Dan's big cock was about to get the workout of any man's dreams. Amy was told to kneel in front of him and wrap her mams around his shaft so he could tit-fuck her. His dick was long enough that the head kept poking out the top of her cleavage, so she occasionally would allow it to slide into her mouth. Soon, Dan was ready to shoot, so Amy grabbed his rod and pumped it hard, spurting his seed all over her chest. Kat quickly dove in to lick the sperm off.

I could tell that the game was no longer the point here, so I moved over and slid under Kat to lick her pussy. She looked down to see who it was and gave me a great smile. She soon slid down and began to lap at Amy's slit too.

I took a quick break to see what was happening across the room. Jennifer was attempting to swallow Dan's big dick, which was hard again, while Jim was preparing to fuck her doggy style.

I returned to my work, which I loved so much, making Kat moan into Amy's twat. We shifted positions into a triangle, and Amy began to go down on me. The combination of all the sights, smells, the fabulous cunt in my face, and the tight throat around my dick made me explode in a mind-blowing orgasm.

After a while we all settled back down and lounged around nude, lightly caressing one another. We decided that it was impossible to decide who had won the game, but we decided that the six of us needed to get together in a week or two for some more sexual adventures.

If you liked this story, let me know and I'll tell you about our sex Olympics that we created. Also, I'll tell you which of us are still together and married.