 "Don't think I haven't noticed how Jack looks at my tits when he doesn't think I'm looking at him," Janice told Marie.

"Yeah, he's a boob man, can't help it," Marie answered.

"Doesn't it bother you?" said Janice, "If he looks at my boobs you know he's gotta check others out too."

"Nope, I trust him," said Marie, "When I catch him checking another woman out he always reminds me that he may be on a diet but that doesn't stop him from reading the menu. Besides, we've talked about doing a threesome some day."

"Oh my god! That's so hot," was Janice's reply, "When ya'll get ready, be sure and ask me first! You picked a winner when you married him."

My wife told me about their conversation last night after we had gone to bed.

Let me set the stage by describing Marie and Janice. Both women are brunettes and around 5' 8" with slim womanly figures. They have been close friends since they met at work five years ago and became best friends. Marie has B-cup boobs while Janice sports a matched pair of C's. Neither has had children and they are both on birth control.

I have lusted after my wife's best friend, Janice for years. On occasion I have suggested that we play strip poker. Up until recently they always laughed it off, not taking me seriously. I didn't want to push the point and possibly damage our relationship. Janice would tease and flirt with me but never went beyond sticking her chest out and asking, "Do you like my boobs?"

Then, last weekend, things changed.

The three of us were talking and sharing a bottle of wine in our living room Friday evening. As I had done so often in the past, I jokingly asked if they were ready to play strip poker. I had been conditioned to expect a negative response for years. To my surprise, Marie gave Janice a look; they both smirked and agreed to my request! I had waited so long that I almost didn't believe it at first. My assumption was that they were just pulling my chain.

"Really?" I said, "No kidding?"

"Yes, really," answered Marie, "We've talked it over and practiced some."

"Practiced what?" I asked, suspiciously.

"You'll find out," Janice said, with a sly grin and a wink.

This provoked some questions I'd harbored for month or so. I'd noticed that Janice was in our home with Marie when I arrived after work far more often than usual. The possibility of a threesome with them seemed a lot more attainable than I'd once thought. 

I got the cards and we sat in a circle on the floor. Marie dealt the first hand. We had agreed that whoever won a hand got to keep their clothing and the two losers had to remove one item each. The first few hands saw the shedding of socks, belts and shoes, but soon we were getting down to the nitty gritty.

Marie won the next hand, so Janice and I each had to take something off. I pulled my t-shirt off and Janice lost her top. She looked damn sexy in her bra. It was sheer blue and I could see a hint of nipple through each cup. That was enough to get a rise out of me, if you know what I mean.

Marie allowed me about 10 seconds to stare at Janice, then handed her the cards. She dealt the next hand and won it. 

Without pause, Marie removed her shirt and I was pleased to see that she was braless, as I had suspected. She often doesn't wear one when the weather is hot and doesn't really need the support. She knows it gets me excited when we're in public with her nipples poking the fabric of whatever she's wearing.

I was so hard and distracted that I barely heard Janice tell me to "take them off!"

"Huh?" I answered, and then remembered I had lost the hand too and my pants were to be removed. I was a little embarrassed because of my hardon but a bet is a bet. As soon as I removed them the tent in my boxers evidenced my excitement.

I must have had an extra helping of stupid with my breakfast that morning. I was still not sure that the girls were serious about this or just teasing me. So, as I sat back down, I asked, "Are you two sure you want to continue?"

"Just shut up and deal before we change our minds," Marie told me.

Marie won again and Janice chose to remove her shorts. She was wearing bikini panties that matched her bra, just the smallest triangle of cloth covering her pussy. When she sat back down and crossed her legs I could see a hint of camel toe. Now I was really lost in a wave of hormonal bliss. Without even thinking about it I paid my bet by standing and dropping my boxer shorts, leaving me completely naked. This time both Janice and Marie grinned and stared at my cock, which was proudly pointing at the ceiling.

"I hope you two aren't offended, it has a mind of it's own," I joked as I flexed my stomach to make it jump.

"I'm not offended at all," said Janice, "I'm impressed! Marie's a lucky woman and I hope to be so lucky some day."

What was I to think about that? Did she mean she hoped to find a boyfriend who was well hung or did she want to get lucky with me?

I sat back down without attempting to hide my boner. We started a new hand and Marie won again! Janice sighed and started to remove her bra but then complained, "Hey, this isn't fair. He's naked and doesn't have anything to pay with. Is the game over?"

"Don't worry," Marie told her, "he'll pay alright."

Remember how you felt as a kid at Christmas? You saw a package with your name on it under the tree but couldn't see what was in it until you were allowed to open it? That's the way I felt right then, waiting to see what was about to be unwrapped.

Staying seated on the floor, Janice released her bra hook and revealed a lovely pair of C-cup breasts with nipples standing at attention. She flashed me a sultry look and shook her shoulders, animating her tits in a little dance for us.

I gazed at her boobs, then Marie's and back again, comparing and enjoying two sets of the most beautiful breasts in the world. I was practically hypnotized by them. But now it was my turn to pay up. Marie said, "Since you have no more clothes you must do what ever I say for 60 seconds."

Just thinking about what might happen got me even more excited. I agreed to her terms without question. 

With an impish grin she told me, "Since you seem to like Janice's boobs so much, show her how good your are with your mouth on them, no hands, for one minute."

Although I had often dreamed of a threesome with Marie and Janice, I never really felt that it would happen until I received Marie's direction.

I gave Janice a look that implied the question, "Is that OK with you?"

Janice simply smiled and lay on her back on the floor, presenting her lovely breasts for my pleasure...and ultimately, hers as well. 

I moved to her side and started by kissing her left mound, slowly working my way to the nipple. I noted that her breath went from deep to shallow, until I finally took her nipple in my mouth. While sucking lightly I swirled it with my tongue. It grew more erect in my mouth when I lightly grazed it with my teeth. I moved to her right breast, kissing until I reached that nipple. When I took it in my mouth she gasped, encouraging me to suck harder.

I was really getting into it when Marie said, "Time's up." I don't know who was more disappointed, Janice or I.

I got lucky the next hand and won, so both women had to remove something. Marie stood first and shimmied out of her shorts. I was singularly surprised to see that she wasn't wearing panties. She always wears them, sometimes only panties around the house when we are alone. She keeps the lips of her pussy shaved and the hair above trimmed. With Marie's unusual total lack of underwear I came to the realization that there had been some planning and conspiracy between the girls.

For a few seconds I even forgot Janice was there until Marie said it was her turn. Marie and I both watched as Janice peeled her panties off and we got our first look at her totally naked. She had a triangle of dark pubic hair trimmed nicely pointing down to her pussy. Perhaps it was my imagination, but I thought I could see her clit peeking from between her pussy lips when she sat with crossed legs.

Marie won the next hand and by now it was evident that she was very horny. When that happens her labia shine with lubricating moisture.

Marie told us, "I want both of you losers to use your mouths on my boobs for 60 seconds."

That gave me a bit of a shock. Marie had never shown an interest, so far as I knew, in having sexual contact with another woman. As a husband I was surprised. As a male I was excited at the possibilities!

Marie laid on her back on the carpet and spread her legs slightly, her moistness on display. I don't know if that was done unconsciously or as an invitation. Janice took the left with me on the right. We started exploring Marie's firm tits with our mouths, both starting on the outside working in until we reached her nipples. I knew that having two mouths administering to her would drive her wild. I wasn't disappointed. She began breathing heavily and soon began bucking her hips uncontrollably, moaning a bit.

While sucking on her tit I reached down to play with Marie's clit and found Janice's hand already there, with what felt like two fingers shoved in Marie's pussy! I pushed under her hand and found the clitoris. I began massaging it gently while Janice continued to finger-fuck my wife. This was a hell of a lot more erotic than a simple game of strip poker!

Marie went wild; so wild she was almost at the point of orgasm in seconds. She was shivering and shaking so much that I had difficulty maintaining contact with her nipple. Janice and I happened to nip her nipples simultaneously and she almost reached her climax. Then Janice must have hit Marie's g-spot, she went over the edge into the throws of an orgasm. We didn't stop. Janice kept her fingers deep in Marie's pussy and I kept rubbing her clit. Marie's body shook from the orgasm as she shouted her delight. 

As it subsided we continued to stimulate her. It only seemed natural for me to maneuver myself just enough to kiss Janice, first softly then passionately. I had not kissed any woman other than my wife like this in over 10 years, but it seemed appropriate. When we broke the kiss we looked down at Marie who was smiling and still attempting to catch her breath. I moved to kiss her deeply and lovingly until I felt Janice breathe on the back of my neck. As soon as I broke the kiss with Marie, she looked at Janice and they kissed.

"Hey!" I said, "Now I'm pretty sure that I know what you two have been practicing!"

Janice pulled her mouth away from Marie's long enough to answer, "Nice deduction, Sherlock," then went back to their kiss.

Watching the woman I love and the woman that has been the object of my fantasies kiss was electrifying. I knew then that my sex life had reached a new high. 

I figured that the card game was over now and it was time to have some real fun, so I began caressing both women. I stroked Marie's breasts with one hand while tweaking Janice's nipples with the other. Soon Marie sat up and encouraged Janice to lie on the floor. She moved to Janice's breasts and started to kiss and lick them.

I stroked the inside Janice's legs and she took the hint. She parted them enough for me to bend down and kiss her inner thighs. A soft moan escaped her lips that encouraged me to get even bolder.

I positioned myself at her feet and used both hands to spread her legs further. She didn't resist as I kissed all around her pussy, tasting her and inhaling her aroma as her hips responded to my touch. I felt the wetness with my lips and used my tongue to get even more. Marie was spending her time moving from breast to breast and nipple to nipple, giving equal attention to both sides.

I took Janice's clit into my mouth softly at first and then a little stronger all the while swirling my tongue slowly. She was hardly able to breath, her body was moving rhythmically with our oral activity. I alternated from slowly sucking her clit to burying my tongue deep inside her. My lips were around the outside and my tongue swirled on the inside. As she got closer and closer to climax Marie sucked her nipples harder. I caressed her clit with my tongue faster until she could take it no more.

"Yes! Yes! Oh my god!" she screamed.

I plunged my tongue deep inside her while rubbing her clit with my thumb until her orgasm subsided and both women collapsed on the floor.

"That was absolutely amazing!" Janice told us as she regained control of her breathing.

I hoped that Marie would be ready for more. I pushed her legs apart and plunged my tongue into her wet pussy. She has always been multi-orgasmic but I never expected her to cum after only a few seconds. I licked her until she was done and sat back to admire my two beautiful lovers.

"Whew!" I said, "That was intense. I think we all need a rest."

However, they had other ideas. Janice recovered first and kissed me again. Then she trailed her kisses down my neck to my chest where she kissed and sucked on my nipples. As she moved down my body the tension caused my hips to flex upward until she took my cock in her mouth. As she sucked the head and then the entire shaft I was in heaven, or at least I thought I was until my wife brought heaven to a new level.

She had moved close and started stroking my balls with her fingertips while kissing me deeply. Then she moved down so that she and Janice could take turns on my dick. Soon I was cumming like a volcano and, to my amazement, both women were making sure they got their fair share.

They licked me off and, as I watched, Janice wrapped her hand around my cock and pumped it. Marie tickled my balls with one hand and played with Janice's tits with the other. I was surprised when I erupted in a second orgasm! That had never happened before. I hadn't thought it possible. I finally ran dry and had to break free from them for a rest. I felt totally drained.

"OK," I whispered, not having the strength to speak in a normal voice, "can we please take a break now? I doubt that I could get hard again and you girls have got to be worn out too."

"I agree," Marie answered as she climbed up onto the couch. "Honey, would you get us something cold to drink?"

With supreme effort I managed to get up off of the floor and make my way to the refrigerator for cold drinks. As I left the room Janice joined Marie on the couch.

Nobody said much as we rested and refreshed ourselves. I was thinking about all that had happened between us in such a short time. But sitting there naked with two equally naked women had its effect on me. Marie soon noticed I was hard again. She stretched out on her back on the large couch and rested her head on Janice's lap. She looked me in the eyes and seductively purred, "I want you to fuck me until I come again."

We all knew that it would take a long, long time for me to cum after our recent activities. I climbed between her legs and, as my dick entered her pussy, I kissed her deeply. I was making love to my wife as her best friend watched. As I drove in and out of Marie's wet snatch the movement caused Janice's breasts to swing and sway with our rhythm, adding to my enjoyment. Marie reached up and playfully tweaked Janice's nipples, eliciting a satisfied moan. Janice then returned the favor by reaching between us to tweak Marie's nipples!

We continued this way until Marie began her first orgasm from penetration. Every thrust caused her to shiver. I didn't stop, I just kept going until I felt her whole body go limp and knew she had had her last orgasm of the night. I leaned down to kiss her and, in a very faint voice, she suggested that I do the same thing to Janice. Funny, I had been so into fucking my wife I almost forgot we were not alone, but only almost.

Then Marie, having gained some strength back, told me, "Go ahead, you don't have to cum again if you can't. But, it's time to properly fuck Janice." Then she sat up and moved to the other end of the couch.

I love fucking doggy style but Marie doesn't care for it. The few times we've tried it she couldn't achieve orgasm so we had given up on that position.

I locked my eyes on Janice's as I moved toward her, kissing her as I maneuvered her into the classic doggy-style position. With her knees on the floor, legs spread and upper body resting on the couch, I slowly entered her vagina. Her pussy felt as if it were pulling me deep inside. I gripped her hips and drove my dick as deep as possible into her.

We were both so excited that it didn't take long for us to reach our peaks. I never missed a beat as I felt Janice cum over and over until I could take it no more and exploded a third time deep inside her! I've never cum three times in such a short period and probably never will again. I felt like pounding my chest with my fists and shouting "I'm Super Stud!"

Finally I released her and pulled slowly out. Marie leaned over and gave me a big kiss. With a smile on her face she asked me if it was everything I wanted. All I could do was smile as I tried to regain control of my breathing. Janice stood up and began to gather her clothing.

Marie asked Janice, "Do you have to go home? You could spend the night here if you want. We've got extra bedding and you're welcome to stay."

After all that had happened it seemed silly for Janice to sleep on the couch, so I suggested we all go to bed together. Once I had regained enough strength to stand up, I led the way to our bedroom where we collapsed onto the king-size bed. We snuggled together in a three-way spoon, Marie on her side of the bed, me on mine, and Janice in the middle, my arm over them both.

We slept soundly until daylight Saturday morning. As we woke, Marie told us that she was sore from the night's activities and asked me for a massage. I agreed and suggested she first take a nice long hot shower to warm her muscles so I could massage her deeply. She agreed and soon I heard the water running.

Suddenly I realized that this left Janice and me alone in bed together, and that made me a little uncomfortable. We had all been very intimate the night before but the key was that we had been intimate together. My cock wasn't, however, uncomfortable. My morning boner had found a warm soft resting place as it snuggled in her butt crack and "arose to the occasion." She couldn't have missed it but hadn't said anything about the invasion. 

I was trying to find something to say while I held her naked body close to mine and all I could come up with was to ask her, "Would you like a massage too?"

She softly answered, "Yes please, that would be nice."

Then, with hormonal inspiration, I suggested she join Marie in the shower first. She turned her head and looked at me with a smile and went into the bathroom for a shower with her best friend.

As I lay in bed I thought how our shower doors are clear glass and I could easily watch these two beautiful women shower together. But before I went to watch I hurried downstairs and put some large fluffy towels in the dryer to warm.

When I entered the bathroom I saw something so erotic that I will never forget it. Janice had her back against the wall of the shower. Marie was rubbing her sudsy hands all over Janice's breasts, her nipples so hard, her breathing very shallow, giving me an almost instant erection.

Marie was obviously enjoying herself and every now and then she would pinch Janice's nipples, only to make them harder. I watched as my wife turned Janice around and soaped up her back, moving down to her ass, caressing each cheek first and then in between.

She must have grazed Janice's pussy because she jerked and then moaned. Marie then started on her legs, down to her feet and then turned her around again. She worked her way up Janice's legs to her pussy, making sure she rubbed the clit. The glazed look in Janice's eyes said she was on the verge of orgasm. It didn't take long before she was writhing against Marie's hand and cumming hard.
