 All characters in this story are over 18.

This is a work of fiction. Safe sex should always be practiced. Assume all characters are using protection of some sort.

*****

It was my final year of high school, and I was in the middle of the last school trip I would ever be on. It had been a long day - the whole class did lots of sightseeing and visited many different tourist attractions. Tired, my buddy Eric and I were happy to get back to the hotel room in time for some late night TV and a decent sleep. However, that was not to be.

"What a day," sighed Eric as he flopped down on his bed. "Which place was your favourite?" 

Before I could answer, our conversation was interrupted by a series of three light knocks on the door.

"Who could that be?" I asked rhetorically as I got up to answer the door. When I pulled it open, I was greeted with a cute, high-pitched voice.

"Hiya." it said. There were three girls standing at the doorway, smiling confidently.

"Amy, Katie, Emma," I said. "How's it going?"

"Can we come in?" asked Amy. Of course, I would be hard pressed to deny these three beautiful teenaged girls from my class asking to come into my hotel room at 11:30PM.

"Of course you can!" I all but screamed as I flung open the door, letting the three cuties through.

"Hey Girls!" waved Eric from his comfortable spot on the bed.

"Heyyyyyy Eric." said Emma flirtatiously. 

A beautiful brunette, Emma wore a pretty blue blouse that was tight enough to show off her large, firm tits, and sexy, dark blue jeans that accentuated her round ass. 

"Can I get anyone a drink?" I asked.

"I'd love one!" Amy explained in her usual bouncy, lively manner. Of Asian descent, Amy had long black hair and always wore perfect, cute glasses. While her apple-sized tits weren't the biggest of all the girls, they were well proportioned for her petite frame, and her precious ass more than made up for it. Today, she wore a white hoodie unbuttoned, and under it a tight blue shirt. Like Emma, she wore Jeans.

"Hey, grab me one too, would you?" said Katie. Katie could be a sassy girl, and today she was wearing a loose-fitting baseball jersey that hid her curvy frame, and athletic shorts. Katie had been playing sports as long as I'd known her, so like usual she had her dirty-blonde hair in a long ponytail.

I grabbed the drinks for the girls, plus one for myself and for Eric.

"So what do you want to do?" Eric asked. We had been sitting in a circle on one of the beds in silence, sipping our drinks, for about 5 minutes.

"I brought a deck of cards." I said. "Anyone for some poker?"

The girls looked at each other for a moment, and looked back at me.

"Josh, we're all pretty bad at poker, but it could be fun." said Emma sheepishly.

"There's one problem though." said Eric. "We can't use our spending money. What are we going to play for?"

Dammit, I hadn't thought of that. Without stakes, poker doesn't work properly. We needed to play for something, but what? Luckily for me, Amy came to the rescue. 

"How about we play... strip poker?" she suggested. Her comment made everyone go silent.

"You mean... play for clothes?" asked Eric.

Amy smirked at him.

"Yes... that's what strip poker means." 

Trying to sound like I wasn't to excited, I pitched in to the conversation. 

"I'm in." The other girls took some convincing, but eventually they decided to give it a shot. I don't think any of us understood what we were actually getting into.

Amy dealt the cards, and I was happy with my hand. Unfortunately, I was still the last place player. The first loser of the game, I had to take off my sweater, so now I only had an old t-shirt on. 

I could tell who the next loser would be immediately, because Katie had a really bad poker face. As soon as she saw her hand, she made a scowl and put her cards face down on the ground. After we played the hand, as I predicted, Emma lost.

"What's it gonna be, Em?" Eric prodded. Emma glared at him and, after a second of hesitation, unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it onto the pile that had been started by my sweater. Tongue-tied, I hoped my jaw wasn't hanging down too far as I stared explicitly at her tits. They were pert enough that they didn't need one, but she had on a cute black bra that left just enough to the imagination.

Unfortunately, I didn't have much time to enjoy the view as she covered up her chest with her arm and looked down with her reddening face.

"Come on, come on! This is strip poker, not 'cover yourself up' poker!" I prodded. She scowled at me, but did drop her arm.

Eric lost next, and he did a little dance as he took of his t-shirt revealing his well conditioned chest and abs. 

After that was a close hand, but the loser ended up being Katie. 

"Dammit!" she cried "Screw all of you!" With that, she pulled off her baseball jersey and I was able to see her nice tits under a black sports bra. As much as this view was sexy, I couldn't wait to see her tits without the obtrusive material in the way. At least, I hoped the game would go that far.

Amy was the next loser, and she pulled off her hoodie without much of a fuss, so she was only wearing a tight t-shirt.

"Good things I wore more articles of clothing then y'all." Amy said, gloating. However, due to another crappy hand, she was forced to also remove another article of clothing.

"Haha! In your face!" I yelled, pointing at her. I immediately felt bad, because she now looked generally embarassed. Then, her face lit up. What was she planning? Before anyone could stop her, she reached behind her back under her t-shirt, fiddled around for a second or two, and then pulled something out from underneath.

"That's not fair!" exclaimed Eric. Amy was holding in her hands a sexy pink lace bra, that had been under her shirt until seconds ago.

"Why didn't I think of that?!" yelled Emma.

"We didn't say you have to from outside to in!" said Amy.

"Fine." I admitted, even though I would have given anything to see her wearing that bra. "But from now on, no one is allowed to do what Amy just did!"

Now that all of the girls were topless to some degree, I suppose it was only fair that I would join everyone else. After another nail-biter of a poker hand, I lost again, and took off my t-shirt. While I never worked out as much as Eric, My chest and abs were flat and I think the girls enjoyed the view, judging by the cheers and whoops they gave.

When the next hand was finished, Katie had lost again.

"DAMMIT!" she shrieked as she smashed her cards down into the ground.

Sucker, I thought.

Standing up, she pulled her shorts down slowly to her ankles and I was treated to, for the first time, I saw my classmate in only her underwear. She was wearing a black pair of panties that hid everything, but when she turned around to walk back to her seat I saw her perfect, pert little ass shaking as she moved.

Luckily for her, she was soon joined by Emma who was the next loser. 

"Dang." she said as, slowly, she stood up and turned around, so her ass was facing the rest of us. Looking over her shoulder seductively, she sexily pulled down her jeans revealing her beautiful juicy ass, her pussy only barely covered by the white fabric of her thong. When she sat down cross-legged, I noticed that there was no pubic hair showing through underneath, which started to make a tent in my pants.

I was incredibly surprised that Emma had done this sort of move, as she was usually shy regarding her body. Earlier in this very game she had tried to cover up her tits when she had to strip down to her bra. However, I suppose the alcohol was beginning to take effect.

Me and Eric lost the next two rounds, and we both hoped the girls didn't notice the bulge in our briefs when we removed our pants, although in hindsight I'm sure it would have been hard for them not to have.

Joining us all in our state of undress, Amy sexily shimmied out of her jeans, wearing flowery pink panties that matched her bra in material.

With the game moving into another stage, I thought it was appropriate to get us all more drinks. When that was done, we continued with the game.

The next loser was Emma, who swore under her breath, and looked into my eyes. I nodded at her, silently letting her know that she wouldn't be judged. I don't know how it would be possible for anyone to judge what we saw next. 

"You go girl!" encouraged Katie.

As Emma removed her bra and slipped the cups off her tits, I was treated to her perfectly sized bare tits with perfect, hard nipples and perfectly sized areola. Everything about her breasts was perfect- from the way they bounced as she sat down to the way they swung as she turned from side to side. She looked up from the ground, cupping her breasts in her hands. She met my eyes.

Eric cheered.

"Do you... Do you like them?" she asked shyly.

"They're... beautiful." I said, and I couldn't have meant it more. She blushed.

The first to join Emma was Katie, who was explosively angry when she lost, and she tore off her bra with animal-like ferocity. 

"Whoa whoa whoa, slow down girl!" said Eric, who was clearly enjoying Katie's tits. While they won't as pert as Emma's, they were bigger and had more bounce to them. 

Emma and Amy were clapping wildly, and Eric's boxers were bursting. For that matter, mine were too.

Amy lost next, and she pulled her t-shirt off so I got my first ever look at her smaller but remarkably perfect, firm tits that stood at pert attention.

"There we go, there we GO!" said Eric, and he high-fived katie who was also clapping.

"Wait!" I cried before the next round was played. "I have a suggestion. Because we each have only one article of clothing left, I think we should play on teams. Us guys will be one team and you girls will be the other... and whoever loses has to strip."

"That's a fantastic idea." replied Katie. "You two are going DOWN!"

She high-fived Amy and Emma.

The cards were dealt, and Eric and I knew immediately who the winners were going to be: us. Sure enough, when the hands were finished, the three girls screamed and scattered the cards around the floor.

"Strip, Strip, Strip!" Eric and I chanted. The girls huddled for a second, before the all stood up, side by side, facing us. They each, in unison, reached down and pulled on the elastic of their bottoms, and, to our surprise, slowly slid down the panties, revealing three incredibly sexy pussies. My focus immediately went to Emma's which was completely shaved. When I looked closer, I saw that it was pink and juicy, and I could see the fluids dripping down her leg, evidence of how horny she was at this point. My eyes immediately moved to Amy's cute, innocent asian pussy, which was pink and looked like no one had ever touched it. Even innocent little Amy, however, had shaved her pubic hair, leaving her pussy looking bald and lonely. I noticed Eric was staring intently at Katie's blond landing strip of hair, which lead right down to her own, equally inviting pussy. He licked his lips.

"So..." said Amy, breaking the silence. "What now?"

"We play forfeits?" suggested Eric. I would have agreed with the suggestion, but the sexual tension in the room was getting to be too much for me.

"Sorry guys," I said. "But I think this game is just going to get in the way. Eric smiled.

"I like where this is going!" he said. With that, we stood up and walked towards our three beautiful naked teenaged classmates. I ripped off my briefs ferociously, allowing my eight-inch erection to spring free. Then, we all gave in to the sexual energy that had been building up all night. Like animals, Emma and I lunged at each other, and I wrapped my hands around her, grabbing her ass. Looking to my side, I saw Eric was doing a similar thing with Katie, and they were making out passionately. As I pushed Emma onto the bed and climbed on top of her, I was presented with Amy's cute asian face, kissing me violently. I removed one of my hands from Emma's ass to grab one of Amy's tits. She broke her kiss with me for a moment to moan with pleasure. Then, something magical happened. Emma reached up from her submissive position and grabbed Amy's ass, pulling her over her mouth. Then, she started to frenziedly eat Amy's pussy out, causing her to scream with pleasure. This gave me the opportunity to stick my fingers into Emma's pussy, making her almost cry with the raw sexiness of the whole situation. I can only imagine what it felt like to be fingered while eating another girl's pussy!

When I glanced over at Eric and Katie, I saw her blond head bobbing up and down on Eric's cock, taking all seven inches of it into her mouth at a time.

"Ohhhhhm yeah, that feels so goooood." he moaned as she sucked his dick lustfully. I turned my dick back to the incredibly sexy, submissive position Emma was in as she was fully at my mercy. Her tits were bouncing in all directions as she wriggled with the pleasure of the intense fingering I was giving her. Then, another magical thing happened.

Amy had bent down from her own pussy licking, and was now sucking my dick. Her frame was small, but I suppose her throat was big, as she was able to take all of my dick into her mouth at a time. After a few minutes of this, Emma briefly stopped the excited eating-out she was giving Amy to talk to me.

"Please, Josh... Ohhhh, that's so good. Please... I need you in me... ohhhhh!" 

The timing was perfect, as just then, Amy let go of my cock to scream with pleasure.

"Yes yes yes yes yes! Emma that's so gooood!" she screamed, and we were lucky no one in neighbouring rooms heard.

I took advantage of my rock hard cock being free to do something I'd been wanting to do for a while: to fuck the hell out of Emma. When I thrust my dick into her, it made the perfect sound- the combination of a squeltch from the wetness of her pussy and the slap of our skin hitting together. I made a few more violent thrusts, grunting, and then started to really fuck her hard in missionary. My cock was moving so fast that we heard that noise a few times a second, and Emma's screams were being sexily muted by Amy's pussy. I was fucking Emma so hard that I couldn't even tell that my dick was ever leaving her pussy- I never felt that cold feeling of my cock meeting the cool air outside of a girl's pussy.

I lost focus for a second because Katie had just orgasmed, and I had to look over to the other bed to see her rapidly impaling herself on Eric's dick, riding him cowgirl.

"Ahhhhh! AHHHHHHHHH!" She screamed as he fucked her from underneath. Then, I heard a similar noise coming from Emma, who had been driven to orgasm by the fucking right at her g-spot. I looked back down at her tits, bouncing as I railed her, and felt her wriggle and squirm as she struggled to contain her pleasure. She had to take her mouth off of Amy's pussy for a second just to scream.

"AHHHHH!! OH MY GOOODDDD!! FUUCCCKKK!!" reluctantly, I took my dick out of her pussy, happy that she had come so soon.

Then, Amy, who was being eaten out by Emma, crawled off of the other girl's body towards me, and got on her hands and knees on the bed. Her asshole was puckered, and her pussy was wide open. I never thought an innocent girl like Amy could ever strike such a pose.

"Josh, I want you to hit me." she said. I obliged, striking her right in the ass, rocking her forward.

"Yes!" she screamed. "Now FUCK ME!"

I slammed my dick into her pussy, my second girl of the night, and immediately I was fucking her just as hard as I had fucked Emma. I drilled her from behind, every so often smacking her ass with my hand. Then, I began to grope her tits from behind and pinch her nipples.

"Ohhhh, yeah!!" screamed the sexy Asian girl. "Fuck me. FUCK MY FUCKING CUNT!! DESTROY ME! PLEASE!" I took that as full permission to dominate her, and I started to ram her, pushing her towards the wall. I picked her up, smashing her into the bed, and continued to rail her with my hard cock. I hit her ass, grabbed her neck, and groped her tits, all while my dick was moving in and out of her at an incredible speed. As I knew she would, she had an orgasm.

"FUUUUCK!" she screamed as she squirmed and writhed on the bed, causing the bedframe to shake with the power of her orgasm. I pulled out of her and grabbed Emma again, once again fucking this beautiful brunette. I grabbed her tits, kneading them together, and once again she came. This time, it was too much for me, and I leaned forward and grunted into her has a fucked her hard.

"Where should I cum?"

"All over me. ALL FUCKING OVER ME!" I pulled out, and my cock exploded with cum, going everywhere. It was the most intense, powerful orgasm I've ever had, and there was enough cum to cover the tits of both her and Amy. We all collapsed onto the bed, worn out from the incredible experience we just had.

"That was... incredible." said Emma. 

"I've never felt so... used... before" said Amy.

I grabbed them both, hugging them close to me. 

"Thank you girls." I said. Then I turned my head, just in time to see Eric finishing off Katie, who was almost passed out from the murderous fucking she was getting.

"yes yes yes harder harder harder OHHHH FUUUUUCCCKKKKK!!" she screamed as she orgasmed, and Eric grunted and screamed also, overflowing her pussy with his white, stick cum.

With that, we all closed our eyes and went to sleep, content in the knowledge that we had just experienced the best night of our lives. We couldn't wait to see what the rest of the class trip would bring. There were still two weeks left, and there were more things I had to try- not to mention, I still hadn't gotten a change to fuck Katie. 

To be continued?