 Chapter 12.

(Bobbie and Wiley decide its time to go back to Texas).

Bobbie and I went to bed after Julie and Joe left. Bobbie asked why I didn't fuck Joe in the ass, after all he fucked me. 

"Did you see his ugly butt?" I remarked. Bobbie giggled and said she wouldn't like to fuck him either. 

We had dabbled a little bit in the art of BDSM. Bobbie really enjoyed having her ass flogged. It made her pussy dripping wet and she would squirt a lot when the magic wand was applied to her pussy and the dildo pumping in and out of her little asshole.

That week, we had lunch at Moe's and I called Billy and Bonnie in Texas. Bonnie answered and replied in code that she and Billy just got back from their vacation (laid low from bandits) and everything was quiet there (no government people were watching). Billy was cooking beans and rice (firing up the still—brewing whiskey) and when did I plan to visit (it's time to go back to work). 

"I'll be there in four or five days," I replied.

"Oh that's good shu-ga 'cause we missed you," she drawled.

I decided to sell the van, furniture, my plants and lights to Ray and Harry for $10,000. They were eager to close the deal and readily paid me for the huge sensimille plants. The landlord lived out of the country so all Ray had to do was deposit the rent by the first of each month.

Not a bad deal for me. I brought the plants from Brownsville in the old van pulling the Chrysler on a dolly. My entire investment was less than $1500. Bobbie counted the ten large in cash twice in disbelief.

The boys moved in as Bobbie and I loaded the old Chrysler and by mid morning we were on I-20 to Birmingham. The Atlanta skyline slowly disappeared in my rear view mirror. I was sad to leave for it had been my home as a child.

The radio played Gladys Knight's "Midnight Train to Georgia" and I was reconciled to return home in the next year or two—if I survived.

Bobbie and I checked into a motor court somewhere in Mississippi. After a hot shower, we ate dinner next door at a country café. After we finished eating, Bobbie confessed that she was excited to go back where she had friends and family.

We were alone except the waitress and a young couple in the booth across from us. They were seated side by side—and they were flirting with us and giggling. It was sort of annoying but Bobbie and I started to giggle because they seemed so cute and silly.

He was medium height with brown curly hair and she was small girl with red hair. They looked to be about 16. Bobbie took off her shoe and rubbed my crotch with her bare foot under the table. It was obvious that the young couple could see her foot massage my cock under the table.

They blatantly starred and giggled. Then the little red haired girl pulled the boy's cock out of his pants and stroked it. Her small delicate fingers wrapped around it and she peeled the foreskin up and down. They continued to stare at us so Bobbie broke the ice.

"Hey, you wanna' come to our room," she asked.

"Oh yes, OK," the girl said.

"Oh geez--they could be our children," I remarked and Bonnie said yes and I could tell she was very excited.

Bobbie and I both were very excited. They were so young and cute. We found out later that his name was Harold and her name was Susie.

Bobbie and I took off our clothes as soon as we got inside the room. The red haired girl's mouth was open staring at Bobbie's big tits. Bobbie stepped in front of her and started undressing her. I laid down in the middle of the king size bed and young Harold took his clothes off.

I was so busy watching Bobbie seducing the red haired girl that I wasn't paying attention to Harold. 

Bobbie stripped Susie's blouse and skirt off and was French kissing her mouth while fingering her pussy inside her panties. Her small white titties jiggled as her tormentor frigged her pussy.

"Ooooo—awwww—oooohhh—awwww," Susie moaned as Bobbie found her sweet spot and massaged her vigorously.

Young Harold got on the bed next to me and quite unexpected; he gently grabbed my semi hard cock and began to rub it. 

Hmmmm I moaned and said what an unexpected pleasure. It's a really big-un—it's so thick he said. 

Then he leaned over and took my cock in his wide mouth. The plum shaped head fit easily and his tongue massaged it quite expertly.

Bobbie placed the girl on the bed on all fours and pulled her panties down to her knees and literally plowed her face into the girl's little ass and cunt. 

What a sight—Bobbie on her knees on the floor—her hands gripped the girl's hips and her mouth squarely covering the little girl's red haired pussy.

Susie's head was on the bed—her face contorted and her eyes rolled back as wave after wave of pleasure streaked through her pussy. 

"Mmmmm—gawddd—yesss-yes-yes—ohhhhh," she wailed as Bobbie's tongue fucked her and licked her clit.

Bobbie released her grip only after the squealing and cumming stopped. Then she lay down next to me—her face drenched in pussy cum and while holding Red's hair—she pulled her face close to her cunt.

"Smell my pussy—that's it—smell it good—you like my pussy don't you," demanded Bobbie. The girl moaned yes and then Bobbie pulled her face hard between her legs.

"Lick my pussy—you like it—lick it—suck my pussy—that's it," encouraged Bobbie. I could see her face and jaw working knowing that her tongue was licking Bobbie's pungent pussy and sucking sounds as juice flowed into her mouth.

Harold was doing a great job of sucking my cock. He had half of it in his mouth. Bobbie looked at Harold gulping down my fat cock and her eyes rolled back and her body began contorting as she held Susie's hair.

I placed my hand on Harold's curly head and pushed his bobbing head down onto my cock. His sucking became very pleasurable. He really seemed to enjoy sucking my cock.

When I was fully hard, I pulled his face up and stepped behind Susie's up-turned ass. I admired her bright red pussy hair and the inner labia that was also bright red. I rubbed her pussy and pushed two fingers inside feeling how wet and tight she was. 

Harold was frigging my cock and I aligned Susie's cunt with my cock. I bellied up to her and Harold guided the head between her little pussy lips. 

I thrust and pushed my fat truncheon for some time pushing and stretching the young pussy channel. I could hear Susie moan in anguish as surely the stretching must have been painful.

After much straining and pushing, I heard the squish as the shoulders of my wide cock penetrated her small chasm. 

"Ooooooo—AWWWWWgggggghhhhh—it's too big—it hurts—aaggggg—OUCHHH," she wailed.

I had the head and about one inch inside her. I had to hold onto to her hips so she couldn't pull away. Harold still held my cock and encouraged me to continue. 

I began to saw in and out a little bit at a time. Gradually half of my fat cock was engulfed in her tight channel. 

"She's got it now—fuck her good so she likes it," said Harold.

I needed no encouragement and soon I was thrusting two inches in and out of her wet pussy. 

The lips were so stretched round my cock. The ring of her pussy pulled out with each stroke. 

I admired her puckered ass ring and remarked at how it looked used and loose compared to her pussy. Wetting my finger, I penetrated her anal ring with ease.

"She always makes me fuck her in her asshole but never in her pussy," said Harold. He seemed pleased to watch me open the way. That explained the big pouty nether hole. 

I held her small hips with three inches of fat swollen cock inside her and some pre-cum leaked out. Every time my cock stroked out, I could see the white jism that provided additional lubricant for my work.

I shoved hard and harder and eventually my pubic hairs met her bung hole. I held it inside her without moving trying hard not to cum. I could feel my cum boiling and my nuts pushing to ejaculate.

Susie's head bobbed up and down on Bobbie's pussy. Bobbie had already cum once. I could see her body tense up and her face strain with pleasure as another orgasm boiled over. She gritted her teeth and grunted—hmmmfff—hmmmfff.

My cock settled in a bit and I really wanted to fuck Susie properly. I withdrew my cock from her pussy and rolled her over onto her back. Then I had Harold pull her legs back over her head and I mounted her.

My cock soon buried inside her to the hilt. She didn't complain and instead she looked quite pleased.

"Ooooo—yes—fuck me—fuck-fuck-fuck," she moaned. I wasted no time plowing harder and harder into her slick pussy. 

"Ah, now I'm fucking you good—it's sooo tight—awwwgghhh—soo fucking tight," I moaned.

Meanwhile, Bobbie sucked Harold's cock hard and turned her plump white bottom to him. He bellied up and pushed his cock inside her with one stab.

"Fuck me," muttered Susie, opening her legs wider as the intensity of her impending cum gained on her. 

"Oh fuck me hard—harder" and with a wail of rapture, she deluged my cock with a copious discharge, pushing upward at the same moment to meet my thrust.

"Awwwwgggaaawwwddd," she cried out.

I took advantage of her liquid lubricant and fucked in and out harder pounding my cock inside her tight red pussy. The bed rocked and my cock made a loud sluicing sound as our joints slapped together. 

Susie heaved and quivered beneath me. Her breath came in sobs, her eyes closed in intense pleasure of a constant spasm of emission. 

"I can't hold it any longer, I'm cummiinngggg," I grunted out. I felt my cock swell to an enormous thickness and hardness. I was cumming in jets—spurt after spurt inside Susie's young pussy. 

A tremendous spout of cum ejaculated from my cock, spewing out the taut lips of her stretched pussy--pumping over and over again, my cum squirted out around the shaft like a leaky piston.

"Awwwww--I'm cummmiiinnnggg again," Susie cried out. Her legs twitched and jerked as another orgasm wracked her body. Her whole body tensed and her hips bucked under my pelvis. My cock squished in and out with cum leaking everywhere. 

I sucked on her hard red nipples as my cock deflated some. I pulled out of Susie's slit with a squishy pop. I lay down next to her kissing her pouty lips—tasting Bobbie's salty pussy juice. 

Harold abruptly pulled his cock out of Bobbie's pussy—leaned over and sucked on my cum-drenched and spent cock.

My cock was a little sensitive after just cumming so hard but his mouth was gentle and soothing. Susie pressed her lips to mine and we exchanged a soulful kiss with earnest affection.

"Oh Harold, you're so queer," Susie exclaimed giggling. 

"I think Harold is very nice man," I said in approval. 

Bobbie wrote down Susie's telephone number because Susie wanted to go with us but she had to think about school and her mother. She just turned 16 and she was only in the 10th grade. I said that she was too young and Harold giggled and said that in Mississippi 14 was old enough to fuck.

Apparently she had no father and her mother was a drunk. I said it sounds familiar and Bobbie said that maybe Susie's mom would let her come live with us. I looked at Bobbie with disbelief but she had developed a crush on Susie. 

We laughed and said good night to them. Once we were alone, I sucked on Bobbie's blond pussy and managed to fuck her until she came.

Bobbie made it perfectly clear that she wanted Susie to come live with us. I said OK but what if I want to fuck her again.

"She needs a Daddy to fuck her and take care of her just like me," she said in earnest.

Continued in Chapter 14, there is no 13.