 I really enjoyed the feedback on my first story. My stories are pure fantasy. Enjoy part 2

The Next Day

After all that had happened it seemed silly for Megan to sleep on the couch, so I suggested we all go to bed together. We all decided that spooning was the best idea, Ann on her side of the bed, me on my side of the bed, and Megan in the middle, my arms around them both.

We slept soundly until the first rays of light cascaded into our bedroom. As we woke up Ann mentioned she was sore from the night's activities so I offered to try to massage the kinks out for her. I suggested she first take a nice long hot shower to warm her muscles so I could massage her deeply. She agreed and soon I heard the water running. Suddenly I realized that this left Megan and I alone together, and to be honest I was more than a little uncomfortable, we had all been very intimate the night before but the key was we had all been intimate. I was trying to find something to say while I held her naked body close to mine and all I could come up with was to ask her if she wanted a massage also, to which she said yes. Then my mind started running in over drive and I suggested she should go join Ann in the shower, she looked at me with a smile and went to the bathroom.

As I lay in bed it came to me that our shower doors are clear glass and I could easily watch these two beautiful women shower together. But before I went to watch these beautiful creatures I ran down stairs and put six large towels in the dryer to warm. Then I entered the bathroom and saw something I will never forget. Megan had her back against the wall of the shower, Ann was rubbing her sudsy hands all over Megan's breasts, her nipples so hard, her breathing very shallow, making my dick instantly rock hard. Ann was obviously enjoying herself and every now and then she would pinch Megan's nipples, only to make them harder. I watched as my wife turned Megan around and started to soap up Megan's back, moving down to her ass, caressing each cheek first and then in between. She must have grazed Megan's pussy because first she jerked and then moaned. Ann then started on her legs down to her feet and turned her around again. She worked her way up Megan's legs to her pussy making sure she rubbed her clit, the look in Megan's eyes said she was on the verge of orgasm. It didn't take long before she was writhing against Ann's hand cumming hard.

Ann stood up and used the showerhead to rinse of Megan's now quivering body. It was obvious she was having to help steady Megan. I was now stroking my rock hard cock. While Megan recovered Ann finished washing her own body, Megan and my eyes following her hands every movement. Ann rinsed her back first and then tuned to rinse her front. By now Megan had recovered enough to put her arms around my wife, filling her hands with Ann's ample breasts. Ann's nipples are very sensitive and soon Megan's caresses had Ann grinding her ass back ward. Megan took the hint and lowered herself to her knees while Ann spread her legs as wide as possible. I watched intently afraid to blink, stroking my cock harder and faster. I watched as Megan rubbed my wife's wet pussy. Burying two fingers deep inside my wife. Megan's other hand wrapped around Ann's leg so she could rub her clit between her thumb and forefinger. I could tell Ann was close and soon she was lost in the euphoria of orgasm. As soon as Ann started cumming so was I. I hadn't noticed at first but the whole time Megan and Ann had been watching me stroke my cock, I had just made myself cum in while be watched by two beautiful women.

Ann's legs were still weak so while she recovered, and was steadied by Megan I ran down and got the now warm towels. When I got back to the bathroom Megan was ready to get out and I quickly used the warm towel to dry her sexy body. I led her to the bedroom and had her lay down on her stomach covering her with another warm towel. Then returning to the shower to gather my wife, repeating the same as with Megan until both were lying naked in the bed with a warm towel draped over them. I realized then that my cock had yet to go soft.

I asked who would like to go first; Ann said I should massage Megan first since she was our guest. I had recently bought some warming massage oil, and I poured some on my hands. First I rubbed her neck and shoulders until I felt her body start to relax. I massaged her back from the spine out to her sides rubbing deeply with a tiny circular motion. I knew I was doing something she liked what I was doing because her breathing was very deep and her body was melting below my hands. I spent several minutes on her back before I moved lower to her ass. First the left cheek and then down to her thigh to her calf and finally her foot, making sure to massage her arch and heel. Making sure every inch of flesh was well massaged then I moved to the right side of her ass repeating down her right leg. I wanted nothing more than to touch her pussy but I realized she had become so relaxed she had fallen asleep.

I quietly moved to my wife, doing exactly as I had to Megan, first her neck and back, then her ass and each leg. Ann was not asleep so I had her roll over and I started to massage her the front of her shoulders and each arm. Making sure to massage the palms of her hands, as I know she loves it and it makes her horny. I then used more oil to caress her breasts watching her nipples harden to my touch. I moved down massaging her stomach muscles and legs. I made sure not to touch her pussy but came as close as possible. As soon as every inch of my wife had been massaged, her pussy was soaking wet so I did what any husband would do, I started to lick the sweet juice leaking from her pussy, long strokes starting with my tongue deep inside her then all the way up to her clit. She always tastes awesome and I love to make love to her pussy with my mouth. Soon she was coating my tongue, mouth, and face in her orgasm. I continued licking he until her orgasm subsided, and she fell into a deep sleep. I went back down to the dryer and got two more warm towels and covered them both letting them sleep. I was very hard but I knew I needed a break so I decided to take a shower, a nice long hot shower.

When I came out of the bathroom both women were both asleep, except Megan had rolled onto her back with her legs slightly spread. Just enough for my tongue to find her clit, and even though she was asleep I thought she might not mind me using my mouth to awaken her. I started by using my tongue and lips to expose her clit rubbing it lightly and with every lick Megan's legs opened further until her pussy was fully exposed. Soon she woke as her orgasm approached, I wasn't sure she as awake until I felt her hand on the back of my head pressing my face harder against her clitoris. I kept licking her until I knew she was close, stopping just short of letting her feel the release she needed. I moved my lips to her breasts pressing them together taking both nipples in my mouth at the same time. Sucking each while rubbing them with my tongue. I stopped and looked over at Ann who was now awake, she was smiling and I quickly noticed she had two fingers inside her own pussy. I moved back to Megan's pussy and proceeded to fuck her deeply with my tongue while my lip rubbed her clit, until I felt her muscles squeeze my tongue and her body started convulsing in orgasm. I wasted no time, I grabbed Megan's ankles and holding them high I entered her hot wet pussy with my hard cock. I felt as if I must fill her right then and there. I felt her have orgasm after orgasm; soon the muscles inside her were literally milking me until I came deep inside her. At the exact same time Ann brought herself off with a loud moan and we all smiled at each other.

None of us ever cum as much as we had in the last few hours so I suggested we all go to breakfast to refuel.