 It had just started snowing when our plane touched down and was coming down hard when we checked in at the hotel. The company had sent us to this conference to work the crowd and touch base with our vendors. For this trip I took Amy who is my executive assistant. She is a stunning redhead in her late 30's that is 1 part sassy, 1 part sexy and 1 part sultry.  At the office, she dresses more the part of the hot librarian always wearing conservative but tight dresses and suits which accentuate her amazing curves and tight ass.  We also took Suzy, one of our operational managers. She is a brunette in her early 30's who is always on a diet to lose that last 15 pounds. I had heard stories that she is the wild one in the bunch but is unusually quiet and reserved around me. Trisha from marketing also came. She is a tall striking blond in hear early 20's who is a flirt and a tease and talks a big game, but when push comes to shove is more bark than bite.

After a day of the conference, the freak snowstorm had shut down the city and the Hotel was on a skeleton crew due to the road closures. Worst off, the bar was quickly running out of liquor.

Amy asked "did vendors had come through this year like last year?"

I said "Yes they did" with a smile.

She suggested that we tap our reserves and I quickly found Amy, Suzy, Trisha and I headed back up to my suite to tap into my secret stash of liquor I had received as gifts from vendors at the conference. 

It was only about 7pm and the night was young and everyone was board.  

We were going to watch a movie but the snowstorm had knocked out the satellite and the TV was just a black screen. After a couple of drinks Trisha found a deck of cards in the mini bar and asked if anyone was up for some cards to help pass the evening.

"Sounds fun" said Suzy.

"I'm game" said Amy.

"Why don't you guys get started and I'll join you in a few, I've got to jump through the shower and change out of this suit" I replied. I went into the other room and flipped on the tap. I could hear them laughing and having fun in the other room while I hopped under the water and cleaned up. After I got out it was strangely quiet. I slipped on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt and headed into the other room. The girls looked mischievously at me as I asked if they were ready for the next round of drinks. Amy jumped up and grabbed the glasses and ran to the bar to do the re-fills. 

I landed on the coach and asked what we are playing. Suzy said we were playing poker. 

Trisha moaned and said "This would be more fun with chips."

I replied "I've got money if you want to play for higher stakes."

Amy chimed in from across the room "You know how much we make; we don't have the funds to play for cash."

I looked at Suzy and asked "do you have any ideas?"

Suzy bit her lower lip and said "I've got to run to the restroom, you guys figure it out."

Amy sat down and smiled that coy, sultry smile and said "We could play strip poker."

Trisha's eyes got big and I could tell she was leery. She gave in after a momentary pause and said "I will if everyone else is in."

Ever the responsible one, I sat back and asked "are you sure you are ok with this?"

Amy looked over at Suzy who was now in the doorway and asked "Suzy, you up for some strip poker?"

Suzy looked down, almost embarrassed, then looked up with a new fire in her eyes and said "Sure why not?"

Amy shuffled and dealt as she explained the rules.

I took the first hand with a full house. I looked up at Amy who kicked off her heels and tossed them into the corner. Suzy had already taken off her shoes so she opted to shed her belt. Trisha pulled off her jacket.

I took the second hand with a two pair, kings high. Trisha pulled off her shoes. Amy started to unbutton her blouse, revealing the most exquisite milky white and slightly freckled 38D breasts cradled lovingly in a black lacy bra. As she shrugged the blouse off her shoulders, her breasts jiggled ever so slightly.

Suzy looked at Amy and remarked "Very hot bra babe."

Amy smiled as Suzy stood up and reached under her dress to pull off her pantyhose and tossed them into the corner with the growing pile of clothes.

Amy took the next hand. The girls were cat calling me as I pulled my t-shirt up and over my head. 

Suzy looked at me in a way I had never seen before and said "It looks like you've been working out."

Trisha started to unbutton her blouse and pulled it back showing a red lace demi bra that showcased her small 34a tits. Suzy stood up and unzipped the back of her dress. She turned away from us and let it slowly slide down to the floor as she stood with her chunky butt towards us in a white bra and panty set. 

I whistled and said "very sexy, Suzy" as she turned and blushed. As she sat down I noticed a pronounced wet spot on her panties.

Amy noticed as well and said "looks like someone is enjoying herself."

I took the next hand. Amy stood up and pulled down her black pants over her amazing thighs. She was wearing a purple g-sting that made her ass look eatable and it was clear she shaved with a camel toe outlining her plump lips. Trisha stood up and slid down her pants giving a great view of her matching red thong. Suzy stood up and reached back to unclasp her bra. She looked at me and smiled as she slid it down her 38C breasts. The shoulder straps caught on her ½ inch long hard nipples that crowned her large dark aureolas.

Trisha realized that with Suzy dropping her bra this was going farther than her normal flirting and teasing and she said "I think I'm getting tired and may call it a night."

Amy looked at her and said "You are so full of shit. It's only 8:30. You are just chicken."

Trisha blushed and started another excuse when Suzy stood up and said "Another round everyone?"

Trisha said "better make mine a double."

Amy dealt the next hand and Suzy won. Amy reached back and let her glorious tits free. They rose up and down with each breath and her nipples looked like they could cut ice. 

Trisha said "Now, how in the world can I compete with that?" as she unhooked her bra and tossed it in the corner. Her breasts were pert and small with faint aureolas and small nipples.

The girls whistled as I stood up to unbutton my jeans. I turned around and wiggled my ass while dropping my jeans to reveal that I was going commando. The girls cheered as I turned around sporting my full hard-on showing my deep appreciation for all of their beauty.

I sat back and said "I guess I'm out."

Amy looked at me and said "not so fast. I'm sure we can come up with something if you lose."

I dealt the next hand and Amy won. Suzy pulled down her soaked panties showing off her gaping lips that were oozing her juices. Trisha danced like a stripper as she slid off her thong. I looked at Amy and asked what they wanted me to do for loosing. 

Amy smiled mischievously and said "I know how long Suzy has wanted you. I want you to go down on Suzy and help her with that gooey mess you've caused."

I slid down between her legs and looked up at her with a smile. As I started lapping up her juices I focused on her erect clit and within minutes she was shaking violently.

"OHHHH MYYYYYY GODDDDD!!!!!! I'm going to explode!!!!" she screamed.

I started licking gently as her orgasm subsided and I could swear her lips were so engorged they pulsated with her heartbeat.

"That was the best tonguing I've ever received. My God Amy, he's better than you are." Suzy whispered in her afterglow.

I couldn't believe what I'd just heard, but it made my cock jump. Amy and Suzy? Oh how I'd love to see that.

I picked up the cards and dealt the next round. Trisha won the hand. Amy pulled off her g-string while Suzy and I waited for Trisha's instructions. 

Trisha said "Suzy, I want to see you eat Amy." 

She then looked at me and said "and for you, I want to see how that tongue of your works."

Suzy dropped into Amy's lap and Amy started to moan. As I started to lick Trisha's clit, I slipped one finger into her and curled up to rub her g-spot while I nibbled on her clit gently. I could hear Amy groaning as I slowly let Trisha build up. I would alternate the intensity between her g-spot and her clit. Her legs were shaking and she was whimpering as her pussy got juicier and juicier.  Amy's moans were getting louder as Suzy worked her magic and the room was hot and smelled like sex. I felt Trisha getting close so I upped the intensity as she drew her legs up and spread even further.  Amy climaxed in the background as Trisha's body started to convulse. She started squirting two feet up in the air as I continued to work her g-spot. After three or four fountains of chick cum that drenched me I backed off and sat back.

"I'm so embarrassed; I've never done that before, but Oh My God! That was the most amazing thing I've ever experienced!" Trisha said.

Amy said "I've only squirted with the best lovers, Trisha I bet that was amazing!"

Suzy looked at me and said "You poor man, you haven't been able to get off."

She came over to me and started to go down when I lifted her chin and said "as much as I'd love to have you do that, and I hope we can later, but I'd really like to be inside you."

Suzy pushed be back on my back and straddled me as she grabbed my cock and guided it inside her wet pussy. I looked over and Amy was lazily playing with her clit as Trisha was cooing in the chair in her afterglow.

Suzy was bouncing up and down and I could feel her pussy gripping my dick as she had one orgasm after another as she rode me. Finally my toes curled as I exploded deep inside her. She smiled and licked her lips as she bent down to give me a long, hot kiss and said "you have no idea how long I've wanted this."

Amy asked if she could clean us up and rolled Suzy on her back as she ate my dripping cum from her open pussy. After she was done, she came over and sucked me until I was hard again and asked Suzy "is it ok with you if I have a try?"

Suzy said "only if you let me watch" with a smile.

Amy then climbed on top of me and slowly slid down me. Her tits were fantastic as they swayed back and forth. I started to pinch her nipples and squeeze her breasts as she fucked me faster and faster. Her moans started to escalate as I grabbed her ass and pulled her harder and harder into me. She came like a freight train and squirted enough to puddle the carpet below me. 

She rolled off and said "that was fantastic, thank you, thank you, thank you."

She looked at Trisha who was asleep in the chair and suggested that she take Trisha and get her to bed. So they got dressed and headed out with the promise of another fun day tomorrow.

I took Suzy by the hand and led her back to the bedroom but that leads me to another story entirely...