 It had been a few weeks by the time we finally got the gang back together.

In addition to everyone's busy schedules, we had to avoid inviting other people, because we hadn't actually told anyone else about what happened the night that an innocent game of strip poker turned into an all-out orgy.

Finally, though, we found a Friday night that worked, and everyone came over to the place I shared with my beautiful blonde girlfriend, Lauren: Her best friend, Kelly, the super-skinny brunette; Danni, the busty-but-petite one with wavy, dirty-blonde hair; Liz, the brunette with the magazine-cover face and great ass; and Mia, the tall, extremely shy brunette whose virginity I had taken last time.

They all showed up together around 8 p.m., and everyone - even Danni - appeared nervous as they walked in. I mean, none of us had ever done anything like this before that game, and now they were basically showing up to a planned orgy.

It was kind of funny, actually, as everyone went straight to their previous spots - Liz, Danni and Mia on the couch and Kelly on the floor, where Lauren and I eventually would join her.

For a few moments, everyone just sat there quietly. Then we all burst out laughing. Still, no words.

Finally, I decided to break the ice.

"Wine, anyone?" I asked. I was met with a simultaneous "Yes!" from all the girls, Lauren included.

So I went over to the kitchen and popped open two bottles, pouring five generous glasses. I grabbed myself a beer.

"OK, same game? Danni said finally after everyone had taken a few sips of liquid courage.

"Actually," I said, "I was thinking we should just skip the strip poker part. We all know what the most fun part last time was. Why waste our time?"

Nobody said anything for a few moments.

Surprisingly, Liz spoke up first: "Sounds fine to me. Besides, it looks like Mia is trying to pull a fast one on us. Look, she's got on two shirts plus a cardigan."

Mia turned red. "I wasn't ... Oh, whatever, so what if I was?"

Mia then gulped down the rest of her wine, clearly trying to calm her nerves. Frankly, I was a little surprised she even showed up tonight, but Lauren told me that night was all Mia had talked about with her and the others since it happened. The prudish girl was ashamed, but she had loved getting licked and fucked for the first time.

I got up to go get a few more bottles of wine, and when I came back it looked like the girls had convinced each other to just get naked.

"Here's what we decided," Danni told me. "Everyone has to close their eyes while we all strip down. When we all open our eyes after 30 seconds, we'll all be naked. So no screwing around with being embarrassed about who takes off what first."

It was a great idea - especially because I wouldn't actually miss the stripping, thanks to the camera I had hidden in the corner of the room (I know you're thinking I'm a pervert, but come on, if you had four of your girlfriend's hot friends coming over for an orgy, wouldn't you videotape it?).

So with that, we all closed our eyes. It took me no more than 10 seconds to throw my shirt off and pull down my jeans and underwear in one motion. The next 20 seconds seemed like an eternity.

Finally, Lauren said, "OK, that's 30 seconds, I think," and everyone cautiously opened their eyes. I was greeted with five gorgeous sets of tits and five pretty little pussies.

Only Kelly and Mia made any attempt to cover up. Both had their hands over their mounds and arms covering their boobies, but both their eyes were glued to my thick, semi-hard cock.

Meanwhile, Danni looked me right in the eyes as she thrust her chest out. This girl was crazy.

"OK," I said. "So how about we just skip the cards and go in a circle for who gets to give the dares, and just like last time spin the bottle for who does the dares?"

The girls agreed, so we got started. Clockwise, it was me, Lauren and Kelly on the floor and then Liz, Danni and Mia on the couch. Figuring I shouldn't suggest that I go first myself, and Mia probably needed a little more wine before going, I said, "Let's start with Lauren and go to the left."

So Lauren spun the bottle, and it landed on Kelly.

Lauren looked around at all of us nervously. The last time we had played this, I had wound up fucking all of them, including Danni's ass, and Mia had swallowed every one of my loads as she learned that night that she loved the taste of cum. But I think we all knew this time that we couldn't just jump right into that.

Lauren turned to Kelly. "Let's start with a lap around the outside of the house," Lauren said with an evil smile.

Kelly looked like she would have rather been dared to take it up the ass (something she had never done). We had neighbors on both sides, pretty close by. It was relatively early in the evening, so they would be awake.

"Fuck it," Kelly said, getting up and walking to the door. We all admired her cute little butt, which was surprisingly round considering the fact that she weighed less than 100 pounds.

Kelly took a deep breath, opened the door and took off. The rest of us being naked, too, we shut the door right away and went over to the windows to peek through the curtains, which were drawn.

"There's a light on in this house, but no one saw her run by," Lauren yelled from one side of the room.

As I waited on the other side, I could see my 40-year-old neighbor, Chuck, sitting on his couch watching TV next to a big window. And as Kelly rounded the corner in a full sprint, I could tell she saw, too - she looked that way and immediately tried to cover her breasts and cunnie as she ran. Somehow, Chuck didn't notice. I hoped whatever he was watching on TV was better than a gorgeous, naked brunette running past his window.

Finally, Kelly burst through the door.

"Not cool, guys," she said, giggling. As she sat down, I noticed her nipples were hard, and I hoped they'd stay that way for a little while.

It was Kelly's turn now, and when she spun, the bottle landed between Danni and Mia. Mia slid away instinctively, but there was no need - Danni stood and said, "Whatcha got?"

"We'll keep it tame again," Kelly said. "How about you do 10 jumping jacks?"

Danni grinned and started doing them right away. Mia burst into laughter as Danni's tight butt moved up and down right in front of her face, distracting the rest of us only mildly from the spectacle that was Danni's double-D's flopping all over the place. 

After 10, Danni sat down, cupping her boobs and blowing air over them as if they were smoking guns. We all laughed.

Liz spun next, and the bottle landed on me. Everyone grinned. No matter how tame this was, they'd enjoy it.

"Same dare!" Liz said, making everyone laugh.

Well, I thought, here goes. I stood and started jumping, and as expected my semi-hard dick bounced up and down, hitting me in the stomach each time. The girls all clapped when I was done, and Lauren offered the obligatory "I don't know how you guys walk around with those things."

I laughed and nodded to Danni to go. Danni spun, and it landed on Kelly again.

"OK, you got lucky that no one saw you last time," Danni said. "So for this dare, go through your phone and pick a guy who has never seen you naked, and send him a five-second SnapChat of your boobs."

For those of you who haven't used SnapChat, it lets you send a picture that displays on the person's phone for a few seconds and then disappears.

"Come on," Kelly complained. "You can take screenshots of SnapChat. I don't want my boobs ending up on the Internet. Although they're so small no one would want to see them."

That prompted a chorus of, "Oh, shut up, you have great boobs."

Danni then said, "OK, send it for two seconds."

"Fine," Kelly said, grabbing her phone. "Might as well make someone's night. Liz, I'll send it to your brother."

We all laughed. Liz's 19-year-old brother, Nick, was kind of nerdy. This might be the first set of boobs he had ever seen naked, though he always had gawked at the girls when they hung out at Liz's parents' house back in high school.

Kelly pointed the phone at her perky little tits, we heard a click, and it was done.

"Your turn, Mia," she said.

Mia nervously leaned forward to spin the bottle, affording me a nice view of her apple-sized titties hanging down. She had nickel-sized, dark pink areolas with eraser-sized buds, just about perfect as far as I was concerned.

The bottle landed on Lauren. Mia sat back and thought for a few seconds.

"I don't know what to make her do," the shy girl said.

We all encouraged her. "Just think of something that will embarrass her," I said, drawing a glare from my girlfriend.

"OK," Mia said slowly. "How 'bout if she just fingers herself for 30 seconds?"

Lauren breathed a sigh of relief. That wasn't that bad. She raised her fingers to her mouth, sucked on them for a minute and then plunged them into her pussy. First one, then two. It didn't take her long to get going in earnest, but before long Danni said, "Time!"

Lauren frowned and stopped. She looked at her fingers, shrugged and raised them to her mouth again, making a show of licking off her juices.

Now it was my turn, and I figured it was time to take it to another level.

I spun the bottle, and it landed on Liz. "Dammit," she said, knowing from the look in my eyes that I wasn't going to let her off with jumping jacks.

I grabbed the last bottle of wine that we had opened and took the cork out.

"Stick this up your ass," I said. "And leave it there until we need your ass for something else."

Liz just stared at me.

"Ryan, come on. You know I've never had anything back there," she said.

"There's a first time for everything," I said with a grin.

"Asshole," she said. She actually seemed a little pissed, but she grabbed the cork from me and started rearranging her position on the couch.

Being a more than a little tipsy, Liz was having some trouble. She tried reaching behind her to put the cork in, but she wasn't able to get the right angle.

Finally, she muttered something to herself and pulled her legs up as high as she could, sitting back on the couch and giving us all an amazing view of both her shaved, pink pussy and her puckered brown asshole. With her right hand, she reached down and put the cork up to her anus. She pushed, but it wouldn't budge.

Finally, she took a deep breath and tried to relax her butthole. It was the cutest thing when the little starfish opened up just a little, and Liz, her eyes squeezed shut as she focused, shoved the cork slowly in.

Once it got halfway in, she had an easier time. We only got to see her butthole squeezed around the cork for a split second. Before we knew it, the cork disappeared and Liz's anus squeezed shut.

It was beautiful. Liz, still stunned that she had a cork up her ass, sat there for a few seconds,oblivious to the fact that she was still holding her legs up and giving everyone a perfect view of her puckered ass. Finally, she put her legs down, to our disappointment.

"How does it feel?" said Lauren, who I knew had never put anything up her ass either. In fact, Danni might have been the only one who had.

"It hurt when I first started putting it in, but now it feels kind of nice," Liz said, wriggling slightly as she adjusted to the feeling. "I still don't know if I could take a dick up there, though." As she said that, she subconsciously looked at my member, which was at attention after her little display. I got even harder as I thought about fucking Liz's perfect ass.

Lauren was up next, and we all laughed as the bottle landed on Kelly again. She thought for a second and then got up without saying a word.

When she came back, she had two clothespins.

"No way," Kelly said, holding her hand up and leaning back.

But Lauren ignored her and walked forward. When she was next to Kelly, the skinny girl relented and put her arms down. But Lauren hesitated and then left the room again.

This time, Lauren brought back a piece of ice.

"Are you serious?" Kelly said with a nervous laugh.

"They weren't hard enough for the clothespins," Lauren said matter-of-factly.

She started rubbing the ice on Kelly's nipple, making the skinny girl jump. Soon her nipple was protruding a good half-inch from her nickel-sized areola, and water was running down her flat stomach. Lauren moved to the other one and did the same.

Kelly just closed her eyes and let it happen. When Lauren took the ice away, Kelly kept her eyes closed. Lauren took advantage by quickly clamping one of the clothespins on Kelly's nipple.

Kelly's eyes opened wide and she jumped, but Lauren held the clothespin in place and adjusted it so it wouldn't come off. She then did the same to the other one.

"Fuck, that hurts!" Kelly said as she looked down at her perky little tits, now with clothespins attached to both.

"Stop being a baby," Liz said. "I have a fucking cork up my butt."

Kelly laughed at this and then said, "Actually, they don't hurt that badly after the initial pain."

When she said that, I couldn't resist reaching across and flicking both the clothespins, making Kelly wince.

"Fucking asshole," she said, slapping my hand away.

"I was just letting you know it's your turn," I said with a smile.

"Yeah, right," Kelly said. "But, yeah, finally. This is fuckin' bullshit, I've done two dares and I haven't even gotten to spin yet."

With that, she spun the bottle, and it landed on Lauren.

"You made me run around the house naked and put these on my nipples," Kelly said, gesturing to the clothespins. "So here's what I want you to do. Get up and bend over the arm of the couch, and we all get to spank you three times. I'm going last."

This would be interesting. Nobody quite knew how hard to do it. But I knew Lauren enjoyed a nice little spanking, so I figured I'd get things started. Didn't want Mia to go first and do some weak shit.

I stood and stepped up to Lauren's bare ass. I reached between her legs and quickly rubbed her pussy, making her jump. Then I gave her three quick, firm slaps. Nothing that would hurt too badly, but they made loud noises.

The smacks left marks, but Lauren smiled and said, "That all you got?"

"Hooo, big mistake, girl," Danni said as she stepped up.

Danni's tits wobbled around as she wound up and swatted Lauren's butt hard. Lauren yelped. Then Danni did it twice more. Lauren didn't say a word, just bit her lip.

Liz stepped up next and rubbed Lauren's butt tenderly. Then she gave it three quick smacks, just as hard as Danni had. Lauren took it like a champ, but it looked like some tears were welling up in her eyes. If I knew my girlfriend, though, she would not admit defeat.

Mia was next, and as she stepped up to Lauren's butt, Kelly said, "Don't be a wimp, Mia. Give it to her hard."

Mia looked up with almost a sad-puppy-dog face, insulted that Kelly thought that way - even if she was probably right. Mia then reached back with her right hand and whacked Lauren's right butt cheek so hard that Lauren reached back instinctively against the next blow. Kelly darted over and grabbed Lauren's hand, holding it down, and Mia gave her two more smacks, one on each cheek.

"What the hell, Mia?" Lauren said. Mia shrugged, smiled and got out of the way so Kelly could go.

Kelly just stood for a few moments and admired Lauren's bright-red buttcheeks. She then reached underneath them and surprised Lauren by dipping a finger in her pussy. Kelly pulled her finger out and held it up for everyone.

"I knew it - she likes it," Kelly said as her finger glistened in the light. She then brought it to her mouth and sucked off my girlfriend's juices.

Finally, Kelly stepped up, reached back and smacked Lauren's butt as hard as she could. The clothespins on her nipples bounced as she did it, but Kelly seemed to have forgotten about them. Without pausing, she wound up again, but this time for a backhander, and the next smack looked like it even hurt her hand. I looked over at Lauren's face and a few tears were actually rolling down her face now, but she didn't say anything.

Kelly had one more to go, and she wasn't going to waste it.

"Cry all you want, Laur, but my nipples don't have any sympathy for you," Kelly said with a smile, and we all laughed.

Kelly reached back and gave Lauren one more hard smack. Then she rubbed Lauren's buttcheeks and said, "Now, we're even."

Lauren stood up and wiped the tears from her eyes.

"Not even close," she said with a smile.

"OK, my turn!" Liz said. "Sit down, Lauren."

"I need to stand for a little bit," Lauren said, rubbing her butt and glaring at Kelly, who smiled back.

Liz spun the bottle and it landed on Mia, who had not yet had to do a dare.

Liz thought for a few moments. I watched her anxiously, knowing this was key - the game was going to get to another level soon, but was Mia the right person to start that with? Despite all she had done both tonight and the first time we played, I couldn't help fearing that at any moment the shy girl would get dressed and run out.

"OK, how about you give Ryan a lapdance?" Liz said.

"OK!" Mia and I said in unison. Mia quickly looked toward the ground in embarrassment.

"How about I take your spot on the couch, Mia?" I said.

"OK," she said, getting up. I sat down and Mia just stood in front of me. I wasn't complaining - I knew the girls would make sure she gave me my lapdance eventually, so for now I was fine just staring at her little pussy, which had a landing strip above it that was about a centimeter wide and two inches long.

Finally, without prompting, Mia started swaying her hips. It was awkward as she stepped toward me, turned around and shook her ass in my face. It was a great ass, don't get my wrong - the girl had a body like a runway model - but it was almost more funny than sexy.

"Timeout," Liz said. "Lauren, can you get some music? Mia, I know you can move better than that. I've seen you on the dance floor."

Lauren agreed and got up to go to our room for her iPod and the speakers.

As Lauren walked out, Mia, who still had her back to me, just plopped down on my lap to wait. Everyone smiled as she looked back in shock, realizing that my dick was right between her buttcheeks, pinned up against my belly. She moved to get up, but I grabbed her arm and held her in place. She looked back again and smiled at me, to my surprise. I adjusted my dick to get it nestled completely between her buttcheeks - still pointing up, not penetrating her. Then she slowly started grinding on me.

It wasn't long before Lauren came back in. She looked at Mia, realized what was happening, and rolled her eyes, smiling. Mia stood up, and this time I let her.

Lauren turned the iPod on and found a Justin Bieber song - "As long as you love me." I opened my mouth to protest - I'm not a Belieber - but then I kept silent when I realized that Mia had been transformed. With her whole body moving to the music, she straddled my right leg and leaned over, looking me in the eyes with "fuck me eyes."

It really is amazing how close girls dancing in the club are these days to actual strippers. Here was the most innocent girl I knew, but give her some music and she was a natural giving a lapdance.

Mia then swung her left leg over mine, straddling my whole lower body. She moved in closer until her pussy rubbed up against the underside of my dick, and started grinding. She was pretty wet, so my dick slid easily up and down her slit. I easily could have stuck it in, but I knew there would be a time for that.

Mia then leaned forward and smothered me with her apple-sized boobs. I was in heaven.

As Mia moved her hips faster against my dick, she seemed to be building toward a climax, but then we heard Liz yell, "Time!"

Mia stopped moving but stayed on my lap, her pussy pinning my dick against me. She looked back at the group, as if she was going to stay there for the next turn.
