 After her set, Jade freshened her make-up backstage with the help of her long time friend and drinking buddy, Ramala. At 30 years of age, Jade was striking. Dark hair, large green slanted eyes, tight frame and firm tits. Together they toasted the beginning of another weekly, private party worth thousands to the small club which had become home. 

"Here's to you baby, and another Jamaican vacation! Weeee ha!" Ramala toasted.

"Love ya mami", Jade winked and swallowed her brandy in one smooth toss.

....

"And here she is once again for your viewing pleasure...Jade!", the announcer boomed over the new sound system.

A small burst of applause was instantly hushed as the five-foot seven dancer cockily strode out onto the stage in time to the slow bump and grind music the D.J. played. Her the fringes of her silver lamee costume shimmied around her firm, tanned thighs as she began slow circles with her lucious hips. Her hands ran slowly up the sides of her magnificent body and encircled her breasts. Each click of her stilleto heels brought her closer to the end of the stage and everyone knew that the real party started then. 

Jade slowly rolled her shoulders opposite of each other and slid out of her small black jacket, circling it above her head and neatly tossing it behind her.

"Okay, who's ready for some fun?", she shouted, placing her finger between her teeth. She regarded the smaller crowd.

"Hell yeah, I am!", a blonde, muscled man yelled back.

"Right here, right now baby! Put that fine ass right here!" another shouted, pointing to his already bulging crotch.

"Party of seven, your table is ready!" Jade smiled widely and got down on all fours at center stage and allowed the first three men there to pull off her clothes.

As always, security had to come and calm the crowd a bit and let their presence be known, lest one of the men get out of control. Heads would roll if anything happened to the lead dancer and top money maker of Silky's.

Jade felt the strings of her top untie and her breasts bounced free of confinement into waiting hands. Three pairs of hands were roaming all over her body and she felt the familiar warm flush of exicitment at their attentions. The rest of her silver dress was whisked off, followed immediately by her thong. Two young men, no more than 21 each she guessed, were suckling her breasts hungrily and the thirdman with a bad tupee was trying to finger her ass. Jade sat down on her haunches and stopped that action right away. It was way too soon. She arched her back and let her long, raven hair flow down past her hips, while the men mouthed her tits and played with their dicks.

"Mmmmmmmm! That feels nice." Jade purred, as she spread her knees wider for the men to see what treasure awaited them. Her kitty was shaved clean except for a small, neat triangle Ramala had fashioned for her that morning.

Tupee man wasted no time moving in front of her and bent his head down to lick her pink pearl. Jade scooted back, spreading her legs and allowed him a few licks to her clit. She then lifted her hips and ground her wet pussy in his eager face briefly and stood up. A series of cat calls and whistles went up and he reached for her and missed, having to then content himself with pulling on his own Johnson like the others.

"How's she taste man?" one asked.

"Sweet as hell", he answered.

Jade began to dance around the pole on stage to the song "Nasty Girls", rolling her hips against the silver metal and staring deeply into each man's eyes she made contact with. She was hot as hell and she knew it. She spied a young tender, as she and Ramala put it, dark haired, dark eyed, muscular man standing at the edge of the stage to her right. He was olive skinned and gorgeous. The music pulsed around her as she padded over to him in her five-inch heels and leaned over to whisper something in his ear. He pulled over a chair, took off his jeans and sat down in his boxers. Dancing around her prey, Jade stopped and straddled his stone-like thighs. His hands ran over her body and reached around grabbing firm cheeks with both hands. He guided her down to sit on his lap. Jade marvelled at the size of the pulsing snake beneath her. The only thing between them were his boxers. 

Tony knew one thing, he wanted to fuck her badly. For weeks he had been coming to these parties and Jade was always booked. Only one guy at each party got to penetrate that fine piece of ass, and tonight he wanted it to be him. He wrapped one of his arms around her waist and began to suck her tits, rolling his tongue around each nippple, gently biting them. He reach down with the other arm and began to gently finger her clit. Damn, she was wet as hell! His cock strained at the material of his boxers, begging for entry into that hot, wet box.

Jade was loving this stranger's touch. She pictured him thrusting into her on her back with her legs over his shoulders... The calls from the other men brought her out of her reverie and she realized the man had been fingering her moist mound and was nearly inside her with his cock still in his boxers!

"Naa ahh ahh", she scolded, shaking her finger at him. She smiled at the large, wet spot her pussy left on his boxers. Her scent still in his nostrils, Jade moved over to two other men while "Creep" played. She held their hands and led them over to the stage. She leaned against the stage with her legs spread wide apart. One man knelt down and probed her pussy with his long, hot tongue, the other, a middle eastern man, attacked her tits with his bearded mouth and rubbed his member against her thigh. Jade was pleased and suprised at the man's skill as he licked her with what must have been a giraffe's tongue. She lingered a bit longer, savoring that wonderful tongue rolling around her swelling bud. She stole a look at boxer man, whose eyes were reduced to small points full of lust and desire. She threw her head back with nipples erect pulling the man's head closer to her lips.

"Ohhhh baby, what a tongue you have!" she knelt down and rewarded the expert candy licker with a deep kiss on the mouth. She stood licking her lips, her sweet musky taste turning her on even more. Candy licker had come, whacking himself off while he expertly pleasured her. To her dismay, the other man had come too, all over her leg, as he watched her being licked. This type of thing happed all the time, and the ready solution was waiting on stage left. 

Jade danced over to a curtain to the left of the stage and dissapeared behind it. The men gathered around and waited. The curtains parted and there was Jade showering in a steaming hot shower. She soaped herself up and sqeezed the thick cum-like suds from the sponge for effect all over her breasts and stomach. Rinsing off, Jade stepped out and slowly dried herself off. Dressing in a white Terry robe, she knew the time of choosing had come. It was the club owner's privilege to choose the man Jade would submit to.

Orlando stepped down from the stage and addressed boxer man. "Tony! Jade is yours for the night." Orlando went back to his table where two blonded were blowing him as he watched the entire spectacle. The rest of the men murmured their complaints, but they knew Orlando wouldnt leave them hanging, so to speak. Orlando picked his cell phone and within minutes, six, scantly-clad ladies entered eager to please their customers all night long.

Jade's heart raced. She knew Tony would use her well and she could not wait for his cock to stretch and fill her walls. Her pussy still pulsed from candy licker's attentions. Jade went backstage where Ramala was wating. 

"That was some show girl", Ramala said as she took a large gulp of Brandy. 

Ramala was quite drunk and her words were slurred. She came over to where Jade sat brushing her hair and doing her makeup. Ramala took the brush from Jade and began to brush her hair tenderly. She put the brush down and knelt down in front of Jade, looking at her with her large, dark, beautiful Indian eyes. She handed Jade a double brandy, which Jade drank in one gulp. 

"I've wanted to do this for a long time, ever since I first saw you dance." Ramala began to kiss Jade passionatley, probing her mouth deeply. 

"Ramala!" Jade exclaimed, completely taken off guard. Jade had never been with a woman and besides, Tony was waiting for her.

"Let him wait a few minutes, honey. You didnt see the size of that dick of his, you were so busy getting pleasured at the stage. You will need a, shall we say, warm up?" Ramala did not wait for Jade's response, but instead opened her robe and Jade's, pressing her breasts against Jade's. Ramala expertly kissed Jade's mouth, neck, tits and stomach. She placed Jade on her back on the edge of the large, long dressing table. The scent of Brandy filled the air. 

Ramala bent Jade's legs back exposing her pretty, pink pussy, freshly shaved by her today.

"Ramala!" Jade began, and grew quiet as Ramala began to probe her lips and clit with her warm, soft tongue.

"Yes baby, you were saying?" Ramala cooed, knowing full well she had Jade where she wanted her. She lightly flicked her tongue around Jade's swollen lips and across her pearl. "Ooooh, you taste nice...I knew you would." Ramala's tongue probed deeper into Jade's pussy, with increasing firmness. Jade moaned in appreciation and rolled her hips into Ramla's face. "Easy baby, not so fast. I want you to enjoy this."

Jade was in ectasy. Pussy licker had felt really good, but this was much, much better. Ramala's tongue was amazing and Jade felt she would come any minute now."Mmmmmmm, don't stop Rama. It feels so fucking good."

"I have no intention of stopping." Ramala continued her assault on Jade's clit and reached down to a bag she had waiting.

Jade felt Ramala's fingers lightly stroking her hole with a warm, wet substance. Then she felt a large dildo part her inner lips and enter her with slow, gentle strokes. The dildo was 12 inches long with a vibrating appendage. Ramala switched it on and soon her tongue was replaced with a clit flicker. 

Jade felt a surge of electricity lift her from the table as she bucked her hips against the oscillating vibrator and clit flicker. Jade knew she would not last long like this and prepared herself for the first orgasm she'd had in ages.

"Ugghhhhhhhnnnnnnnnnnnn!!! Oh my God" she panted as she came in wave after spasming wave.

Ramala positioned her pussy above Jade in a sixty-nine and began to lick Jade's swollen pussy. Jade jerked each time Ramala's tongue touched her; it was such sweet torture. Jade inhaled the musk of Ramala's pussy and licked her clit like she had seen in so many porno movies. Ramala inhaled sharply.

"Hmmm. You take to that readily, honey." Ramala whispered.

Jade picked up the vibrator and placed the tip at Ramla's waiting hole. Jade continued to lick her pussy, faster and with increasing pressure, just as Ramala had done to her. Jade slid the thick vibrator in and out of Ramala, enjoying the wet noise it made. Ramala purred her appreciation. Ramala's scent and the continued clitoral simulation from her, soon had Jade's hips bucking wildly once again as she thrased about on the dressing table. Ramala held onto her prey firmly, burrowing her tongue even deeper into Jade's quivering pussy, riding Jade's face. 

Jade was a fast learner. Ramala loved the feel of Jade's tongue between her lips; she had long dreamed of it. She spread her knees further apart and positioned her clit in Jade's mouth. She licked Jade faster and Jade responded in kind. Jade reached up and squeezed Ramala's tits, twisting the nipples, as she licked her pussy. Ramala felt the familiar rush of heat and pushed down, cumming all over Jade's lovely face.

Ramala stood up and strapped on a thick, two-inch wide, 10-inch long dildo and pulled Jade up to stand in front of her. She rubbed between Jade's swollen lips with the dildo for a moment, kissing her pussy drenched mouth, then, in a flash, Ramala whirled Jade around and bent her over the table with her perfect ass in the air.

"You are mine now, say it!" Ramala rammed the dildo inside Jade's juicy box and firmly short-stroked her.

"Yessssssssss." Jade breathed.

"Yes, what? Who's pussy is this? Huh?" Ramala entwined Jade's hair like a long, black rein around her fist and continued to deeply fuck Jade for several more minutes without mercy.

"Yes it's your's Ramala. Ohhhhhhh." Jade panted. Ramala's "dick" felt so good deep inside her. Her tits swayed to and fro and bounced together with each stroke.

"Good to know." Ramala pulled out suddenly, placing Jade's limp form on her back again and began to lick her pussy again. Jade threw her hands over her head in total surrender. Whatever this woman did to her, she no longer cared, as long as she didn't stop.

......

The door to the dressing room opened. Jade heard Orlando's voice and another male voice speaking. She heard Orlando's shoes squeak as he left the room.

"Did she please you sister?" the man in boxer shorts asked.

"Oh very much so. I think she is ready for you now." Ramala smiled.

Jade opened her eyes as Ramala began to kiss her passionately. She felt strong hands spread her legs wide and bend them back as Tony's huge cock entered her well prepared hole.