 Rick hated to work in the rain, but there was yard work that needed to get done, so he didn't have much of a choice. Meanwhile, his wife Tessa was bundled up nice and warmly inside the house, hanging out with her spicy Latina friend Lorena. It was Sunday morning, and Tessa had invited Lorena over to cut out coupons from the Sunday paper and gossip. This was a Sunday tradition of theirs. Of all Tessa's friends, Lorena was by far Rick's favorite. She was very flirtatious, and had no qualms about talking about her sexual experiences in front of Rick. To make the yard work slightly more bearable, Rick daydreamed about having Lorena's puffy lips wrapped around his cock, her large tits swaying back and forth as her head bobbed up and down. He could just imagine brushing her long, black hair off her face as she looked up at him with her deep set brown eyes. And what he wouldn't give to have the chance to slap her round, brown ass. This girl had curves like a mountain road, and Rick longed to go for a ride.

While Rick struggled to do his yard work with an erection in his pants, the girls sat in the kitchen and talked while they watched him out the window. "Poor Rick," Lorena said. "It can't be very fun working in that weather."

Tessa had little sympathy. "Well, he could have done it yesterday, but he was too busy sitting around watching basketball. It's what he gets for being lazy."

"Damn, you're harsh girl!"

"He doesn't have it that rough. I'll probably give him head later to thank him."

Lorena laughed. "I knew you were a naughty chica."

"I got to pay him lip service every once in a while to keep him happy. To be honest with you, our sex life hasn't been all that great lately."

"At least you can get some on a regular basis," Lorena responded.

Lorena had been divorced for a couple of years, and had not been in a steady relationship since. "I wouldn't say I'm really getting any on a regular basis, but at least I'm getting some every now and then," Tessa said. "Have you been dating anyone at all?"

"I've been fooling around a bit with this college boy. He's got one of the biggest dick's I've ever seen, but he has no idea how to use it. I need to find a man that knows how to pleasure a woman."

"Rick's not exactly hung, but I will admit that he's a good lover. He's very caring, and he doesn't mind going down on me. I just wish he was horny more often."

Lorena giggled. "That shouldn't be much of a problem, chica. It's not difficult to make a man horny. Just walk around naked, or hop in the shower with him and start sucking his dick. It's not rocket science."

"I know he gets horny looking at you," Tessa said.

Lorena giggled some more. "I know, I know. The poor guy has so much trouble keeping his eyes off my tits."

The girls looked out at Rick and laughed some more before Tessa said, "It's really coming down out there. I think we should at least help him move some of that firewood to the shed."

Feeling pity for Rick, the two girls put on rain jackets, went outside in the pouring rain, and offered a hand. Rick genuinely appreciated having the help, but more than anything he was simply excited to watch these two sexpots getting wet and muddy. Rick loved to fantasize about Lorena, but his wife was quite the catch as well. She kept herself in extremely good shape, and her b-cup breasts showed no signs of drooping, even though she was in her mid-thirties. Her face was beautiful with or without makeup, and Rick loved pulling her dirty blonde hair as he fucked her from behind. However, every man that ever saw her agreed that her best feature was her ass. Her ass and child-bearing hips were large to begin with, but it was her thin waist that really made it stand out. Rick always got turned on by watching all the other men checking her ass out when they were out in public.

Once the firewood had all been put in the shed, the girls went back inside as Rick continued to work. Even after being in the rain for only ten minutes the girls were drenched. They stripped down to their underwear right in the kitchen where Rick could see them and threw their clothes in the dryer. Rick had seen Lorena in a bikini before, but this was the first time he'd ever seen her in her thong panties, and he was extremely aroused. Tessa offered Lorena a change of clothes, but all she wanted to wear was a large, white shirt that didn't quite cover the very bottom of her glorious ass. She said to Tessa, "I just like lounging around in my underwear on a cold winter's day when the fire's going. It feels so sexy."

Tessa opted to put pants on, but she understood the feeling. "I'm sure Rick will enjoy your look, too."

"Whatever helps you get laid, girlfriend."

The girls gossiped about other ladies in town for a while before the subject came back to Rick. "Boy is he working hard out there," Tessa said. "And he looks so hot with his lumberjack flannel and scruffy beard. Such a mountain man."

"You're a lucky woman. There aren't many good men like that around here."

"I guess I am lucky. I ought to do something special for him," Tessa said before drifting off in thought. "I have an idea, but I'd like your approval."

"I don't see why you'd need my approval, but what it is it?"

"I was thinking maybe the two of us could give him a massage."

Lorena worked as a massage therapist, so the request didn't strike her as all that odd. "I wouldn't mind that. He's got a great body. I'll make sure I keep this massage cleaner than my normal ones though."

Lorena had told Tessa many times how she enjoyed jacking off her clients, so she laughed. "Well, I was thinking maybe we could give him a special massage. Obviously I'll jack him off, but I bet it would turn him on if you were watching and massaging him at the same time."

"Damn, you're a bad girl! I had no idea! I have no problem with that kind of thing, but I didn't think you were the type."

"I didn't know I was bad either, but I want to spice things up."

"If you really wanted to spice things up, you'd let me stroke him," Lorena replied. "I have no doubt that you know how to get a man off with that great ass of yours and all, but I pleasure guys for my tip money. I could give him a very powerful orgasm."

"Don't underestimate my handjob skills," Tessa joked. "How about we both stroke him, but I'll finish him off. As his wife, I believe that's my job. Also, just use your hands. I'm not comfortable having another woman put her mouth on my husband's cock, even if it is my best friend."

"No problema. I never blow my clients no matter how much they beg or how much money they offer. My mouth is for boyfriend's only."

Rick continued about his yard work for another fifteen minutes, completely oblivious to the fact that he was about to get his dick massaged by his wife and her banging hot friend. Although neither one of them wanted to admit it, both women were getting turned on thinking about the double handjob, and both were starting to get wet. Lorena had always secretly been attracted to Rick. He was a true man. He could fix almost anything, he was a devoted husband, and he was not at all in touch with his feminine side. She was also attracted to him on a physical level with his chiseled jawline, burly beard, and grown-man strength that comes from doing manual labor and not from lifting weights. She had touched herself before while thinking about him on his knees servicing her tight snatch, and she was excited about getting to hold his horn in her hand.

When Rick finally did come in, he was dripping wet and noticeably tired. He had planned on passing out on the couch, but had a change of heart when he noticed that Lorena wasn't wearing any pants. Both women noticed Rick checking out Lorena's legs, but neither of them said anything about it. Instead Tessa said, "Why don't we get you out of those wet clothes, Honey?" as she began unbuttoning his flannel shirt.

She continued by lifting his drenched cotton shirt over his head, and then made her way towards his belt. The moment her hand got to his belt buckle, Rick stopped her and said, "I don't think you should take off my pants in front of company."

"She's not wearing any pants either. I'm sure you don't mind, do you Lorena?"

"Not at all. I'm curious whether Rick's a boxer or briefs guy. Or maybe even a commando kind of guy," she said playfully.

"Lucky for you, I'm not going commando today," Rick said as his wife removed his jeans.

As it turned out, Rick was wearing gray boxer-briefs with a noticeable bulge in the front. Having his wife strip him in front of this panty-clad Latina was enough to get the blood pumping to Rick's thick cock. Lorena took notice and said, "Boxer-briefs. I could've guessed that."

Rick smiled as he noticed Lorena checking out his bulge. "I must admit this is pretty nice having someone else undress me after a hard day's work."

"It only gets better," Tessa replied. "I've got a pot of tea on, and there's some cookies in the oven for you that should be ready by now. Lorena, do you want to grab the cookies, and I'll get the tea."

"Sure thing babe," Lorena said before standing up.

Rick was transfixed as Lorena stood up, turned her back to him, and mad her way to the kitchen. She was wearing a black lace thong that got lost in the canyon of her butt crack. Her plump ass jiggled back and forth as she walked to the kitchen, and Rick didn't take his eyes off it for a second. Rick knew that to get the cookies out of the oven, Lorena would have to bend over, and he was wondering whether or not she would kneel down, or full on bend over at the waist. He was hoping for the latter, and his wish was granted. Knowing exactly what she was doing, Lorena bent over and took her time taking the cookies out of the oven, giving Rick an amazing view of her shapely ass. By now Rick was completely hard, and was pitching a sizable tent in his underwear. "You look good in that outfit, Lorena," he sheepishly said.

"Oh Rick, you're such a pig," she exclaimed playfully before wiggling her ass side to side for his enjoyment.

The ladies brought the goods back to the table where Rick was sitting and chatted like it was completely normal for Rick and Lorena to be sitting around in their underwear. But once Rick was done eating, the girls decided to get down to business. "So Honey, I was thinking as a thanks for working so hard today that Lorena and I could give you a massage. I'm sure you must be pretty sore."

This request didn't strike Rick as all that bizarre because Lorena had given him massages a few times before when he was ailing. However, she had never given him a massage while she was wearing a skimpy thong, so he gladly excepted. Lorena told him to lean forward in his chair, and she began by rubbing his shoulders. Meanwhile, Tessa got on her knees and began working his feet. The girls patiently worked out the kinks in his muscular body, with Lorena working her way down his torso, and Tessa working her way up towards his thighs. The whole time this was happening the tent in Rick's pants didn't subside, but it wasn't until about ten minutes in when Tessa finally acknowledged it by saying, "It looks like you're enjoying this massage a little too much, Honey."

Rick had no shame. "I'm a straight male with two hot chicks rubbing me down. What do you expect?"

Lorena was secretly impressed with how long Rick could hold an erection. Even the college boy she'd been seeing couldn't stay as consistently hard as Rick had. Tessa's hands were working there way closer and closer towards her hubby's erection, but before she got there she suggested the girls switch positions, and they did.

This time Tessa started from the shoulders and worked her way down while Lorena started from the feet and worked her way up. Within five minutes Lorena had her hands deeply massaging Rick's thighs. He had his head back and eyes clothes in pure ecstasy, and was completely oblivious to his surroundings. It was while he was in this state that Tessa flashed Lorena a thumbs up, letting her know it was okay to start servicing her husband. Lorena had been eager to wrap her sinewy fingers around the width of Rick's penis, and wasted little time. She worked her hand further and further up Rick's thighs before eventually sliding her right hand under his underwear, and onto his balls, causing Rick to snap out of his state of zen. "Whoa there, I don't think you meant to grab those."

As Rick reached down to try to remove Lorena's hand, Tessa grabbed it. "Relax, Sugar. It's okay. You've earned this."

"Are you fucking with me, or something? Is this some kind of trick," he said while Lorena lovingly fondled his balls. 

"It's no trick, so sit back and enjoy it. This is the only time I'm ever letting you do this, so relax, and make sure you don't cum right away."

Rick still couldn't believe it, but once Lorena began stroking his shaft, he realized that this was actually happening. He couldn't help but moan as Lorena's fingers tenderly caressed his engorged penis. She continued to milk him for a minute or so underneath his boxer-briefs while his wife rubbed her hands all over her torso. "Would you like to see what the little guy looks like?" Tessa asked Lorena.

"I'd love to," she said as she put her hands on the waistband of Rick's underwear and peeled them off. Rick's cock was standing at full attention. At five inches it wasn't a very long cock, but for what it lacked in length it made up for in girth. Lorena could barely fit her hand around it. She had rubbed down many cocks in her line of work over the years, but she had never seen one with as large a mushroom tip as Rick had. She thought his cock was lovely. "You have a nice dick, Rick," she said.

Being an erotic masseuse, Lorena knew ever trick in the book. She began by squeezing his balls lightly with her left hand while simultaneously stroking just the tip of his cock with a tight circle she'd formed with her right hand. She could feel the cum rising in Rick's balls so she had to change up her technique in short time to keep him from cumming. Her next move was to clasp both her hands together to form a pussy shape. She slid her hands up and down Rick's short shaft, stopping every time before she reached the tip. "I can't believe how hard you can get," she said with genuine awe.

As she did this she kept teasing Rick by pretending like she was going to lick it. On one occasion her tongue got so close to Rick's thick cock that it accidentally touched it. When Rick could take it no more he moaned, "Kiss it, baby."

Before Lorena could respond, Tessa said, "Don't push your luck."

Instead of slurping on his cock, Lorena twirled her fingers around Rick's silo just like she was screwing the lid on a jar. Tessa had never touched his dick like this before. Rick knew he had to last as long as possible because he was never going to a handjob this good ever again. Lorena jerked him off for another minute before saying, "Chica, would you mind grabbing some baby oil? I've got a special move I want to try."

Tessa agreed to get the oil, which was in the upstairs bathroom. The moment she was out of sight Lorena said, "You need to promise to keep this between you and me."

"Keep what between you and me?"

Lorena didn't reply. In fact she couldn't reply because she answered Rick's question by putting his cock down her throat. She worked her lips up and down Rick's swollen member, sucking with great passion, knowing she wouldn't have long to orally pleasure him. "Does it feel good?" she asked.

"Of course. Now stop talking and suck my dick."

Lorena took a big gulp of hot tea and then touched Rick's dick with her tongue some more. She put the gigantic head of his cock fully in her mouth and swirled her tongue all over it, basically giving it a french kiss. Rick had never been blown by a girl with hot water in her mouth before, and he could hardly believe how fantastic it felt. He wanted this blowjob to last for an eternity, but as soon as they heard Tessa coming back down the stairs, Lorena had to remove her mouth from his thickness and start masturbating him again.

Once Tessa was back she dripped the oil down his chest letting it run all the way down to the base of his dick and his tightly compacted balls. Tessa rubbed the oil into Rick's torso while Lorena stacked one hand on top of the other and and pulled on Rick's short, fat hose. The baby oil took the handjob to a whole other level, and Rick's dick began twitching with pleasure. Sensing he might blow his load soon, Lorena said, "Let me know when you're ready to finish. Okay, Papi?"

Rick managed to moan out an uh-huh. Thinking he probably wasn't going to last much longer, Tessa stop massaging Rick's upper body and dropped down to her knees. She poured more baby oil over his package, and got in on the fun. With one hand she squeezed Rick's nipple, and with the other she lovingly juggled his balls. While she did this, Lorena pinched the other nipple, and slid her hand up and down the length of Rick's penis, making sure to pay attention to the tender corona. They did this for a good long while before Lorena asked, "Do you think we could find a way to get all four hands on his lovely cock?"

Tessa responded, "I don't know. It don't think it's big enough."

"I bet we could make it work. How about I'll work the balls and the bottom part, and you can massage the tip and top part."

The girls took a few seconds trying to figure out how to do this while Rick watched them and grinned. "You must be loving this," Lorena said. "It has to be a nice feeling having two girls arguing about the best way to milk you dry."

In reality it didn't work all that well having four hands on his cock, but Rick loved it nonetheless. "Yup. This is the best thing that's ever happened to me."

Lorena laughed. "I don't know why you get to have all the fun. Tessa, could you grab your vibrator. I think we should have some fun too."

"Oh, I like that idea. Just give me a second, it needs new batteries, but I think I have some extras in my room next to the little guy anyway."

Lorena had only made this suggestion to get Tessa out of the picture for a brief amount of time. This time instead of engulfing Rick's rod with her mouth, Lorena stood up pulled off her thong, and slowly lowered her sweet pussy lips onto Rick's pulsating cock. Neither of them said a word, and they both did their best not to be too loud. Lorena didn't want Tessa to hear the sound of her twat smacking up against Rick's balls, so she did her best to just ride the tip. It felt so good entering her tightness, and she wanted it deeper, but she knew this wasn't a good idea if she didn't want to get caught. And they may have gotten caught too, but Tessa yelled downstairs to tell them that she couldn't find any batteries and that she was going to search the office. Having some extra time, Rick took his dick out of Lorena's pretty flower and ordered her to bend over the chair. He then stood up and inserted his thickness. He slowly thrust back and forth, and having her pussy fully stretched out by Rick's rock-hard member felt so good that Lorena began moaning. Rick had to put his hand over her mouth to quiet her down, and with his other hand he grabbed her fleshy ass. He had the joy of riding her fat ass for two minutes before they finally heard Tessa yell, "Finally! I found some batteries. Be down in a second."

Knowing they still had some time before she got the batteries in the vibrator, Lorena and Rick fucked liked banshees for as long as they could get away with. Had Rick pulled out one second later, they would have been caught, but instead when Tessa came down the stairs she was greeted by the sight of her husband and friend both standing up. Lorena was leaning her ass into Rick's waist and jacking him off by reaching behind. Tessa grinned. "It looks like you two are having fun, but Rick, why don't you sit down again. That'll make it easier for both of us to pleasure you."
