 Portia and I had only been together a couple of months, but had already taught each other a lot about pushing the boundaries. We loved to experiment sexually and tonight was going to be no different. 

Portia had come home about a week ago and told me "I found the perfect girl to bring home for us!" 

Since I didn't know we we're looking for a girl to bring home, I was pleasantly surprised by her announcement. "Oh yea?" I remarked. "Who is the lucky girl?"

Portia replied: "Her name is Jill. She's an old friend of mine I fell out of touch with. I ran into her today at the mall. She's coming over for drinks next Friday."

Friday had become our night to "play". It was a great way to end the week and definitely gave me something to look forward to all week at work.

I asked Portia a bit about her friend, just so I had some idea what I was getting into. 

"All I'm going to tell you is that she's a tall gorgeous blonde, and she's totally wild!" Portia told me. "Sold!" I replied. 

It turns out the two girls had, you guessed it, met back in their college days. While they had never slept together, the two girls had shared many of their experiences with one other and knew they both had a bit of a wild streak. 

When the big night arrived, we were both anxious to get things started. Luckily Jill was just as excited as she showed up early. We threw together a quick dinner and got to know each other a bit. Jill was great, we hit it off immediately and were soon having a great time.

After dinner ,I let the ladies catch up as I did the dishes. When I was done, I went to join them in the living room. Only they weren't there. I went looking for them and was happily shocked by what I found.

Portia had been showing Jill around the house and I guess she decided to lie down on our King size bed, and, well...one thing led to another.

When I found them, the two girls were lying on the bed kissing, and Portia had slipped her hand up her friend's shirt and was gently rubbing Jill's breasts.

Jill was quite a bit taller then my girl Portia. Long lean legs leaning to a slim waist, a bit of a skinny butt, and slender features. Her long blond hair fell well past her shoulders and had a natural wave to it, She really was quite attractive.

Her light features were a nice contrast to Portia who had a more tan complexion and medium length brown hair. Portia's ample breasts were firm and had nice big nipples. Portia was average height, and although she was definitely not fat, she didn't qualify as skinny. She was well proportioned.

Portia heard me come into the room and swung her leg up over her friend so she was straddling her.

"I hope you don't mind but we started without you!" Portia said.

"No problem, just keep doing what your doing." I told them.

Jill remarked, "You couldn't get us to stop now if you tried!!"

The girls went back to kissing each other as I watched for a minute. They really made a beautiful sight. Portia was wearing a smart grey skirt with black hose and garters with a black sweater. She was still wearing her knee high boots. She was a sexy as hell.

Jill removed Portia's sweater and pulled her bra cups under her breasts, helping push them together for some great cleavage. As Jill lifted her head so she could caress Portia's nipples with her tongue, I removed my jeans and shirt and climbed onto the bed. 

I came up behind Portia and started kissing her neck. She could feel my already hard cock as I pressed up against her. 

She pushed back towards me and moaned softly as Jill and I continued to explore her. I cupped her soft tits and pulled her back towards me. I continued to kiss her neck as I slid my arms up her body and gently forced her arms above her head. She had her eyes closed and was concentrating on the sensations she was feeling. She turned her head back towards me and our lips met in a slow, deep, penetrating kiss.

As we were doing this, Jill lifted Portia's skirt and started rubbing her pussy threw her panties. "Mmm, you 're wet already," she said "almost as wet as me!"

I was holding Portia's hands above her head, so I moved our rights hands down between our bodies so that we could feel how wet Jill was together.

Jill was wearing a mini skirt and, as we found out, no panties. We reached our hands up her skirt and brushed our fingers across Jill's lips. She wasn't lying. She was dripping. Together Portia and I started to run our hands along her moist folds. I continued to nuzzle and kiss Portia's neck and ears as we worked together to explore her friend Jills vagina. I extended my middle finger and slid it into Jill. She took it easily and let out a quick little sound of appreciation.

Jill removed her hand so that she could help Jill take her blouse up over her head, but soon brought her hand back to mine.

By this time I had added another finger and was gently stroking them upward to stimulate the front wall of Jill's wet pussy.

This was having the desired effect as Jill started rocking her hips back in motion with my hand. 

Portia stopped straddling Jill and moved around so that Jill could open her legs wider. From her friends side she leaned in and gave her a quick passionate kiss. She then quickly headed south so she could use her tongue on Jill's clit. As soon as she started this Jill started moaning loudly. "oh fuck," she said, "that's fucking good!"

Jill eyes were closed and she gently rocking her hips as Portia's tongue and my fingers pushed her towards a quick orgasm.

Portia brought her hand up behind mine and started to gently caress Jill's asshole. This seems to have done the trick as she grabbed the bedsheet and tightened up for a good ten seconds as a huge orgasm built up inside her. 

When she finally released she let out a long loud sigh and thrust her hips up high. This allowed a flood of liquid to flow from her. As I was positioned between her legs she soaked me with her cunt juices, most of it hitting me square in the chest, but really then splashing all over the place. 

I had heard of women that could do this before, but this was my first experience with one. It had a sweet, salty taste. Jill quickly had another squirt, but this second one was much less intense than the first one. Afterwards she lay sort of motionless, enjoying the sensation. 

Portia then raised up her head up and looked at me and asked "Could I have one of the same please!!" 

As we re-positioned we took the opportunity to remove any clothing that was in the way. Portia left on her stocking and garters, and Jill and I were naked. Portia also grabbed a small clear butt plug from our collection of sex toys. She asked Jill to work it up her ass first. 

Portia sat at the edge of the bed and layed back. She lifted her legs in the air and Jill and I positioned ourselves between her legs, Jill knealt on the floor and started licking the small toy to get it nice and wet.

After she got the toy lubed up, I spread Portia's ass cheeks and Jill moved her head in and started to tongue Portia's soft anus. She slowly ran her tongue around the rim of her ass and gently teased it into the center of the small rosebud shaped entrance. She brought the toy up and slowly started to push it into the tight hole. She would push it in a small bit, let it slide out a bit, push it in again, and let it slide back. Each time pushing it a bit further, letting the small space adjust to the size of the toy. 

Soon enough she had pushed it all the way in and she started to lick Portia's clit. Portia had a sensitive clit and came easily from being eaten out.

As Portia quickly started to react to all the sensations, I started to tease the entrance of her pussy with my fingers. She started breathing heavy, working up a big orgasm, just as Jill had done moments before.

I slid my fingers into her, palm up, and started making a gentle forward sweeping motion. As I stimulated her g-spot, she got very wet. Her breathing got fast and deep. She started rocking her hips quickly, causing the butt plug to stimulate her anus. I reached up with my free hand and rubbed her nipple with my thumb. She let out one big "Ohhhhh....." and thrust forward. A jet of ejaculations flushed out of her. Afterwards she collapsed back on the bed and dropped her legs. She lay almost shaking, with a big smile. "I never did that before!!" She exclaimed breathlessly, "That was awesome."

This time, because Portia thrust down, instead of up, the squirt landed all over my cock and balls. The warm feeling of the liquid running down my body was nice, and strangely erotic at the same time. 

Jill saw Portia's juices dripping off the end of my penis and remarked "I want to taste her cum!" She turned her head to dick and shoved the head into her mouth. She sucked the tip off, licking up all Portia's cum, and then worked her way down the length of my cock so she could lick my balls as well. 

Portia put a pillow behind her head and started to watch as her friend gave her man a blow job. She was gently rubbing her clit and telling Jill how sexy and dirty she looked. "That looks so hot, you filthy little slut! Jerk him off while you suck those balls!"

I alternated between watching the beautiful blonde Jill suck me off and watching my hot sexy girlfriend masturbate to it. 

Portia started directing the scene, She told me to put one foot up on the bed and she told Jill to use her wet vagina to lube up two fingers so she could shove them up my ass. 

Once Jill had her fingers in my ass, Portia told her to start sucking me off with slow deep strokes. As she was doing this, Portia had worked one of her favourite sex toys into her vagina, a red double ended dildo. Portia worked this in and out of herself in the same rhythm as Jill was sucking me off. 

Then Portia reached her other hand down and started to work the butt plug in and out her ass as well. She asked Jill " Can you work your fingers in and out of his ass at the same pace as you are sucking him off?" Without making a sound, or removing her mouth from my cock, she started thrusting her fingers into my ass. 

As soon as we all got the rhythm down, Portia asked us to increase the speed, which she matched. 

Basically Portia and I were having the same experience individually. As we got comfortable with this speed, she again asked us to increase it a bit. We were going at a good pace now and I wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. 

Portia must have seen this in my face because she told Jill to take her fingers out of my ass. This triggered my orgasm and I shot load after load into Jill's mouth. Jill must have been expecting this because just as she pulled her fingers from my ass, she thrust her head forward, deep throating me so that my orgasm shot right down her throat. She was even able to have her tongue stuck out a bit so she could lick my balls. (As I would find out in the months to follow, Jill had a lot of skills I would have the pleasure to learn about.)

I let out a deep, forceful grunt. My orgasm was so powerful, I couldn't keep my eyes open.

As I was having my orgasm, I heard Portia have one as well. She was lying on the bed trying to catch her breath when she said " You greedy little whore, you didn't save any for me!" referring to my orgasm.

Jill just laughed and said, "Well then, I guess we'll just have to see if we can get you one for your self." And she gave my still hard boner a couple of friendly pumps. "What do you say big boy, are you ready for more?"

"I thought you'd never ask!"

More to cum in part 2...