 I work in the City, and take the Underground home each evening to the suburbs. I have a nice stroll—just a couple of blocks—down pleasant, tree-lined streets with older, simple semi-detached houses.

For a long time, one of the houses I passed was unoccupied. I had often fantasised, while walking by each evening, that someday I would take a love (strictly a fantasy figure) to the empty house for an evening of pleasure. So it was with some disappointment that one day late last summer, I noticed a small self-hire removal van parked at the kerb.

As I strolled past, I spied two young women struggling with a large sofa at the tailgate of the truck. It was a warm day, and they were sweating profusely. Both were wearing very short shorts and loose fitting sleeve-less t-shirts. I could tell, even from down the street, that the pale red-haired girl wasn't wearing a bra. Here was my fantasy house being occupied by two women, either of whom could have easily been my fantasy figure. Was I getting a bit stiff? The girl inside the truck was Asian: short and lithe, with a deep tan and the blackest hair I had ever seen. I don't know where I got my nerve, but I couldn't resist speaking to these two lovelies.

"Need some help with that?" I offered meekly.

"Right now, that would be very welcome," the redhead said. "We're just about finished, and this is the biggest piece."

She was right. The van was nearly empty, except for this over-sized sofa—a sleeper, no less. I put my bag down, and took off my already loosened neck-tie.

"Why don't both of you get inside, and I'll take this end," I suggested. The girls agreed, and working together, we soon had the couch wrestled out of the truck, up the front stairs, and into the living room. When we finally settled it against the wall, the two girls collapsed onto it.

"Thanks a lot, mister," said the Asian girl. "We've been at this all day, and I don't think we could have made that last bit by ourselves. My name's Maxine, by the way; call me Max. This is my housemate, Sam—Samantha."

"I'm glad to be able to lend a hand," I said. "You have to be careful in this kind of weather. Don't want to loose too many electrolytes. My name's Tom. I live in the next street but one."

Max got up and walked towards the kitchen. "Let me get you something to drink," she said. "Beer okay?"

"Sure," I said.

Same spoke. "We're starting medical school in a couple of weeks. Our folks chipped in to lease this house for the duration. We hope it's a good neighbourhood."

"Very quiet," I said, taking the beer from Max. "I doubt you'll be disturbed too much."

"That's good. I expect that we'll be keeping some irregular hours."

"Now come on, Max," Sam joked, "we wouldn't mind being disturbed a little. Especially by a nice guy like Tom here."

"You embarrass me," I said trying with irony to hide the fact that I was actually blushing. A mental image of each girl, nude, went through my mind. Now that they were resting, I noticed just how shapely each girl was. I drank my beer hoping they wouldn't notice the small tent in my trousers. We finished the beers, and I made my good-byes, letting the girls know that I had to get home to the family. As soon as I got in the door, I went to the jakes and wanked-off thinking about my new acquaintances.

Every day thereafter, I approached my walk home with new vigour, in the hope of meeting with Max and Sam. Sometimes one or the other would be there, puttering about the garden, or just reading on the porch. I was always greeted with a pleasant help, and we frequently exchanged some small talk. But as the weather grew colder, and the school year progressed, I saw less and less of my two lovelies, and by the middle of December, I couldn't remember the last time I had seen one of them except in my fantasies.

It was a week before Christmas when the situation changed in a way I could have never imagined. As usual, I was walking home, and I noticed the light on in the front room of the girls' house (the days were short now), and I saw Max inside puttering around. Just then, she looked out the window, and knocked on the glass to attract my attention (as if that were necessary), and waved for me to come up to the door.

As luck would have it, my wife was going to a Christmas party that evening, and we had shipped the kids off to her mother's place; I wasn't expected home for a while. So it was with no hesitation that I mounted the front stoop just as Max opened the door and let me into the warm and cosy glow of their front room.

I could tell right away that Max had been drinking.

"Wanna beer, Tom?" were the first words out of her mouth. "I started without you."

"I can tell," I replied.

"Last exams today," she said, "and goddamn, but I'm ready to relax."

"Been busy, huh?"

"Oh god, I never knew medical school would be this tough. You have to devote everything to it—you don't have a minute for yourself. See this beer?" she said, raising her bottle. "First one I've had in a month. And I can't even remember the last time I got laid."

Her frankness shock me, but not enough before I replied, "Me neither." I hadn't really meant for her to hear me, at least not consciously, but she did, and picked up on it right away.

"Come-on," she said, "you gotta be kidding? A good looking guy like you. You must be able to get any 'chick' you want."

"You forgot, I'm married. It isn't always as easy finding the time for intimacy as you might think when you've got little kids."

"Oh god, that's a bummer. I think I should help you. We both need to get fucked, so why don't we just help each other out?"

She was so matter-of-fact, my mouth dropped open, but at the same time my cock was stirring in my trousers. Max licked her lips and looked into my crotch.

"You're not saying anything, but I can tell that some part of you is into the idea."

"Yeah, but I'm married, remember."

"So what? I don't want a 'relationship,' I just want to give my dildo a break and get fucked with a real cock for a change. It's not like we're running away together. In three weeks, it's back to the grind for me."

Her logic had appeal.

"Just this once?" I asked.

"Sure," she said, "I can't commit to anything more with my schedule." Then, adopting a cutesy, little girl voice, she added: "Please, mister, please won't you fuck me, just this once?"

With that, she came over to where I was sitting, got down on her knees on the floor in front of me, and began to rub my hard-on through my trousers. "Well," I said, "I guess it would be okay. But just this once."

She giggled, and proceeded to undo my zipper, releasing my cock. When it sprang free, she squeezed my rod and a drop of pre-come oozed from the tip. Max looked at it lovingly, and slurped it up, then looked me in the eye and said, "Very nice; I think we'll uncork it and drink it all." We laughed, and then she went down on me seriously, wrapping her lips around the shaft, and sucking me in deeply and strongly. I moaned with pleasure and placed my hands on her head, running my fingers through her long, straight, black-as-jet tresses. I was in heaven, and just a little dazed at my good luck.

Max release my prick from between her lips, and began to stroke it again, as she went below, and started to swab my balls with her tongue. I could feel more pre-come dribble from the tip of my cock, and Max collected it and rubbed it around my shaft.

"Oh, Max, that feels so good. I don't think I can hold back much longer, I'm going to come too soon."

She didn't say a word, but rearranged herself so she was once again sucking my prick deep into her throat. With one hand she massaged my balls, with the other, she continued to jerk my cock in time to her sucking. I was close to coming, and my hips began to buck as I tried to fuck her mouth even deeper. Then it happened. My come exploded from my rod, and I grabbed her head and held it still while I emptied my semen between her lips. She swallowed nearly ever drop. While I settled down, Max leaned back, and scooped a dribble of come from the side of her mouth, and then licked her fingers.

"That was great," I said, panting. "You really know how to give a great blow job."

She took a swig of beer.

"Okay now, Tom; it's your turn."

"Let's go to the bedroom," I said. "I want to fuck you silly."

"Oh—that's just what the doctor ordered."

We went upstairs to the front bedroom, each one of us undoing buttons and buckles. The room was cold and spare, but we embraced and kissed as continued to pull and tug at each others' clothes as our tongues danced together. I could taste the salty muskiness of my come which lingered on her tongue. Max stood back, and let her panties fall to the floor. She was absolutely beautiful, perfectly proportioned, compact and poised. She was the first Asian woman I had ever been with.

Max stretched across the bed, dangling her legs over the side. Her pubes were trimmed short, but she wasn't shaved. I pulled my socks off, and knelt by the side of the bed, between her legs. Reaching up, I took her breasts in my hands and gently kneaded them as I began to shower little kisses all around her mound. I could smell the heady aroma of her sex, and softly, I split her cunt lips apart with my tongue. Max moaned, her eyes closed, really getting into it.

There's nothing I love more than eating pussy, and Max's was the first new cunt I had had in years. I was so excited by the newness of everything: the new smell and taste and texture. I found her clit, which was stiff and tall, and I was able to wrap my lips around it and suck as though it was a little cock.

Max whimpered with pleasure, and ground her mound into my mouth. I began to kiss my way up her body, extending my legs as I went, dragging my torso across her exposed and moist sex, until I was sucking on her titties. My cock was now hard again, and poised at the opening of her cunt. I didn't want to fuck her yet, but instead, I rubbed the length of my shaft between her lips, dragging it across he clit, and causing her writhe with the sensation. Then I got back on my knees, inserting my tongue as deeply as possible into her cunt, lapping up as much of her juices as I could. All the while, Max continued moaning and thrashing on the bed. She never seemed to say whole words, just grunted and moaned to express her delight. But then she cried out.

"Holy shite," she said, "I'm coming! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!"

Her body rose and fell with such force, I thought she was convulsing, but I kept my mouth plastered on her cunt. Then she was trying to pull away, but I held her tight to me. When she settled down enough to breathe, to speak, she commanded me to get on the bed and fuck her. I was grateful to get off my knees. My mouth was dripping with a combination of saliva and cunt juice, and I plopped myself on the bed next to her to catch my breath.

Ah youth!

Max wasted no time, and spun around and impaled herself on my swollen cock. Then she fell across my chest and began to lick and kiss her juice from my mouth and face. She fucked me with great vigour, grinding her pubic bone into mine, riding her sweet velvet vice up-and-down my fleshy pole. Fortunately, having come just a short while before, I was able to keep up with her frantic pace. But even so, I soon felt that familiar tingle at the base of my balls, indicating that I was ready to come.

"It's going to happen again, Max. I'm very near to coming."

"Oh, god, yes, Tom. Fill me with your come," she moaned.

"Is this safe?" I asked, somewhat belatedly.

"Oh yea, I'm good. Fuck me, Tom! Fill me! Oh, god, I'm coming too. I'm coming now!"

Max threw her head back and dug her nails into my chest. As she flung herself from side-to-side in orgasmic ecstasy, my cock exploded one again, filling her cunt with sticky fluid. Then she collapsed across my torso even as my cock continued to twitch inside her.

I was ruined, panting like a dog in August. Max was breathing hard as well. But between our heavy breathing I noticed another noise, a rustle from the across the room. I opened my eyes, and there standing in the doorway was Sam, her clothes dishevelled, her hands lost in the folds of her skirt. Max turned to look at her.

"How long have you been watching?" Max asked.

"Since just before Tom made you come by licking you."

"You mean you saw us fucking all that while and didn't say anything?"

"I didn't want to break the mood. Don't worry, I was keeping myself busy. I think I came at the same time you two did."

Max climbed off me, and my cock pulled out of her with a plop. She laid beside me, and gently took my shrunken, spent member between her fingers and caressed it lovingly.

"Would you like to clean it off, Sammy?" she asked with a devilish grin. "I'm sure Tom would like that. Wouldn't you, Tom?"

I was too stunned to reply and just nodded my head.

Sam's clothes were practically falling off, and she stripped the rest of the way, then crawled up on the bed next to me, and took my wilted willie between her lips.

"Oh he tastes pretty good," she giggled, "I can even taste your pussy, Max." Max reached over and caressed her housemate, rubbing her tits, stroking her flaming hair.

"So you girls have done this before, eh?" I asked.

"Never with a guy," Max said, "just ourselves. We never have time to find other people. We can keep each other satisfied most of the time. But of course, it's just not the same."

Sam released my still-limp cock. "But I really would like to be fucked too. I haven't had a cock since before moving here."

I was flattered and honoured, but I didn't know if I would be able to get it up a third time that night, and I told them so. Sam looked a little disappointed.

"Well then," she said, "if that's the case, I'll just have to suck your spunk out of Max's cunt. Come here, bitch; let's do a 69. Tom, you have to stay and watch. Who knows, maybe we can get that rod hard again."

I slid over on the bed, and watched as the girls rearranged themselves into the classic position, with Max on top. Sam's flame red hair was evident between her legs, and it was with almost clinical interest that I watched Max's tongue pierce her pussy. I moved around, and could see my come dripping out of Max's cunt, where Sam eagerly lapped it up. Damn! I couldn't believe it, but I was feeling that certain stirring again between my legs. I was getting hard again.

I got off the bed and sat in an easy chair just opposite and watched my private show, gently pulling on my slowly growing cock, sipping the remains of the beer I'd started so long ago. The girls were really getting into it now, and I'm not even sure if they remembered that I was there. I got up again and walked to the bed, my rod now at full hardness, pointing forward. Max continued to lick away at Sam's clit, and I reached in and began to stroke her dripping cunt, inserting first one finger and then a second. Max now sat up (not removing her pussy from Sam's mouth), and spread Sam's lips wide and lewdly. She reached out and grabbed my hard rod, and guided me into the soft, fleshy folds of Sam's cunt. I slowly eased the full length of my member into Sam, just holding it in place once I was fully inserted, while Max and I kissed. I began to stroke into Sam in a slow, steady rhythm, and she pushed back, still licking Max, who continued to kiss me. What a night!

Max got off the bed, and Sam turned around and asked it I could take her doggy-style. "Whatever makes you happy," I said.

Once Sam was up on her knees, I gently inserted my cock in her again, and went back to slowly stroking long and deep. Max laid down on her back next to us, and began to play with my dangling balls. Max worked her way under Sam, and began again to lick her clit, while I continued to plough my cock into her sloppy slit. Sam was tight and good, and although I was a bit tired, I was starting to get into a good rhythm. Sam's little puckered hole was staring me in the face, and I wondered if she liked to play that way. I sucked on my thumb, and gently inserted it into her ass.

"Oh, fuck!" she screamed, "that feels great!" I worked my thumb around her hole, gently. Max stopped licking long enough to ask what was going on. "While you're sucking my clit, he's finger-fucking my ass and poinging me with his cock!" Sammy panted. "And it love it!"

Max now moved up, and began to suck on my dangling ball sack. The sensation was intense. I wondered if I could last long. Sammy was panting hard. "I want it up the ass," she said to me. "I want you to fuck my asshole."

I pulled my thumb from her bum, and my cock from her dripping cunt. Reaching between her legs, I scooped up some of the copious lubrication she had made, and swabbed her butt with it. I placed the tip of my cock at the swollen opening of her ass, and in a single, powerful stroke, I sank my rod in to the hilt. Sammy came hard on that first stroke, and Max went back beneath her again, clamping her mouth over the dripping cunt. I pulled back and drove in again and again. Over and over, until Sammy was whimpering with pleasure, one orgasm after another washing over her. I felt my semen once again rising from deep within my scrotum, and told the girls that I was about to come again.

"Oh yeah, man," Max said, "Fill her ass with come. I want to see that." Sam was beyond words; she flopped around between us like a rag doll. I once again felt Max's lips suck in my balls, and that was all it took: my cock erupted yet again, filling Sam's dark passage with pearly jizz.

I was spent, and so were the girls. I looked over at the bedside table and couldn't believe the time on the clock-radio. If my wife ever got home before I did, she would know for sure, and then kill me.

"Girls, I hate to fuck and run, but I gotta get home. I hope you understand. I wish I could stay and cuddle with you all night long, but that's not going to work."

"Don't worry," Max said. "I think Sam's passed out, and I know we had a deal going into this."

"Thanks," I said, while pulling up my trousers. "Maybe next time we can make some arrangement in advance."

"Think there's going to be a next time, eh?" Max grinned slyly.

"I sure hope so," I said. "I sure hope so."