 My wife and I, in our 30's, own an investment consulting service. I have an M.B.A., and she has a business degree with a specialty in economics. Our Princeton undergraduate credentials make us appealing and impressive in the eyes of our clients. Over the years, we've done very well, and concentrate on certain rich and selective investors who live in Morris County, New Jersey. No Madoffs, we keep our business straightforward and our reputation clean. We work on word of mouth and my wife Marcy's gorgeous body, ample cleavage of firm breasts, and endearing smile has helped us clinch many clients as I provide the information on investment opportunities, tax shelters, and lucrative overseas commodity firms. Our team approach has afforded us many fine luxuries, a pair of Lincolns in the garage, a 5 bedroom home on an acre estate, tucked away and secluded by shrubbery and first growth trees. We both decided early on, as children of unhappy couple (Marcy) and an alcohol, abusive father (me, Tony), that we would not have any children.

But that's not all we are... we are bisexual swingers. By day, sedate business persons; by night, we troll strip clubs in the Hackensack, Fort Lee, and Hoboken areas, in search of lap dancers and strippers who would like to make some money, a lot of money in fact, on the side for a night's work. We went to one club and a gorgeous, big-titted African American girl, her hair straightened and dyed blond, all nude, rubbed her pussy wet, and slid up and down the pole. The announcer billed us as "Dawn, Liquid Sunshine and Lightning in a Bottle." Her smile and body got Marcy hot and bothered, and I could sense she had a finger rubbing her clit as the girl on stage proceeded to fuck the pole amidst a shower of money. When her show was over, I approached her, a crisp, new Franklin in my hand, and asked her if she'd like to do a private show. 

"$250 for couples, honey, I could tell the little wifey is getting' hot and bothered.

In the VIP room, I have my girl Samantha tag-team with me. For $300, you'll get your fun and whatever kinky stuff you're into.

"Done," said I, and handed her the money. At her seat, I could tell that Marcy approved, and discreetly took her fingers away from her skirt and went to the powder room to freshen up.

The VIP room charged $25 a glass for champagne and we got a pair of glasses and a bottle, all for another $150. The booths were completely private, and the lighting was soft, with disco and techno playing through speakers. This was going to be an expensive night, but we could afford it...now, if these hotties were as good as they promised...

Poppers and the faint smell of a joint filled the air, as Dawn and Samantha, clad only in the sheerest of panties, wiggled their tits over to our booth, closed the door and sat down. We four quickly toasted with the champagne, downed our glasses, and each had another. Samantha was my idea of a wet dream. Black hair, 5'8" with a bit of meat on her bones and what looked liked 36C's with ebony skin and dark nipples.

On top of the margaritas we had at the runway, my bladder was filling up, but I had no intention of leaving this hot scene to go to the little boys' room.

Just then, Samantha, truly a lusty Latina, began wrestling with my belt and zipper. Marcy had no problem stripping off her top and exposing her braless, but beautiful firm C cuppers that had never known sagging mommyhood. Dawn got right down to it and placed her head in my wife's waiting crotch. "Shit, girl, you are sopping wet." Since college, the sight of a pretty naked girl had always caused her to turn on the waterworks in her hot pussy.

Meanwhile, a few seconds of Samantha's hot blow job from her creamy, lipstick-red lips made my 9 inches into a rod of steel. The strippers paused to pull away the crotches of their undies and reveal red, juicy slits and flaming red clits.

Just as I pushed my head back to enjoy the sensation, Samantha handed me a small mirror, a straw, and a few lines of blow. I looked at Marcy for approval, but she had her eyes closed and was reciprocating Dawn's oral ministrations. Then I did the lines and Samantha pushed me down into the couch and sat on my face. Oh man, what a tasty, wet, juicy pussy. Soon my face was coated with her juices. Marcy, meanwhile, was in lesbian heaven, 69'ing Dawn. 

"Hey, girlfriend, I want some of that tasty snatch too," Samantha cooed, so the girls changed places and I got a mouthful of pussy juices. I could taste my wife's wet cooze, but mixed with Dawn's musky juice, I was in a whole new world. We continued moaning and groaning in lust was what seemed like an eternity but couldn't have been more than 15 minutes. "Fuckin' that pole in front of horny men makes me so horny, Dawn said, "I gotta cum and piss at the same time."

Dawn sent shivers up my spine as she confessed her kinky side, and then with a fart-like sound, sent a river of pee into my mouth. I drank in the salty goodness, and playfully slapped Dawn's ass. Time to switch again.

Marcy lustily growled that she wanted to do Dawn, and Samantha bent over the couch and asked me to do her doggy style. My rock-hard rock almost exploded as I plowed her tight but wet cunt walls. There was no question about it, I wanted to save my cum, but my bladder was becoming insistent. After a few minutes of making Sam scream with my fucking, I could hold it no longer. "I have a serious need for a toilet!" I whispered in Samantha's ear. 

"No problem, I wanna drink that recycled champagne." 

Now I had never pissed in a girl's mouth before, but in my drunken, lustful state, the idea sounded great. Sam kneeled in front of me as I stood up. The first drops hit her boobs, but soon as my stream picked up intensity, it found Samantha's open—and willing—mouth. She paused a bit to swallow, and I stopped my flow, then when she was ready, I let it fly. Then I hit her tits and her pussy as she rubbed the golden liquid into her flesh.

Marcy and Dawn finally caught what was going on. "You pig," Marcy screamed, but Dawn said, "It's cool... we told you we were kinky. Let's both give him what he deserves." I lay down on the floor and Marcy was the first to squirt her piss on my stomach, cock and balls. "Hey big boy, want some of this?" Dawn inquired, and wasted no time stretching her cunt flaps and directing a big blast of girl pee on my face. I drank it down, got soaked, and screamed for more. This was turning into the night of my life.

Marcy, Dawn and Samantha all locked lips and then bent over the couch, urging me to fuck them doggy style. Now that I had emptied my bladder my balls felt like they would burst; but I held off, swinging my dick from one snatch to the other. This went on for five or so minutes until I could not hold back. "Oooooh yeah, I'm gonna cum," I screamed, and the three of them turned around. I blasted a load on each beautiful set of tits, and then the three of them licked me clean. A knock on the door and a gruff voice said, "OK girls, you're on for another dance in 10, make it snappy."

As we dressed and got ready to leave, Marcy reached into her purse and pulled out a couple of Franklins as a tip. 

"Girlfriend," said Dawn, "here's my number and address. We host swinging pee parties every Wednesday at Sam's house. She's got the neatest collection of vinyl covered furniture you've ever seen. Everyone brings a 6-pack or a bottle of wine, or blow. We fuck and piss and fuck and piss all night...You interested?" Samantha nodded encouragingly.

Marcy shocked me with her enthusiasm. "You bet... I want some more of that pussy, and now I know that kinky fuck my hubby loves to be pissed on. We shower together and sometimes it goes golden. But a whole crowd into that scene could be wild."

We dried up as best we could, got dressed, and went home, wiser but definitely not sadder!

PART II

I could scarcely wait for Wednesday to come around. Marcy confirmed the address with Dawn...obviously she and Sam lived as well as worked together. It was somewhere out in Sherman Oaks, in the Valley. What I did not expect was the house. It was a huge mansion on a cul-de-sac south of Ventura. High shrubs, lots of grounds, and very dark out front. The name on the mailbox said "Strullmann." Somehow, I didn't figures these girls could afford these digs.

I knocked, heard "come in," and opened the front door. The greeter, a cute, 20 something redhead introduced herself as Katrina, and smiled. Several tatooed boys with her, were gulping down Coronas. Katrina was making short work of a bottle of pinot grigio. Soft new age music filled the air from the stereo speakers, as well as some weed.

Two couples in the corner were nude and calmly locked eyes with us, and then went on with their partying. Eventually, we found Dawn in the kitchen. "Glad you could make it," and she fixed her gaze on Marcy who was wearing a skin tight little black dress and no underwear, especially for occasions like this.

"Hey Dawn, what a fabulous place.

"Thanks, but strippers can't afford this. We're house sitting for a couple who visit Germany every summer. We've swung with them and they're cool with the party scene. You'd be surprised at the stars and VIP"s who show up from time to time...Here," she said, shoving a glass of champagne into our hands. 

As we sipped, we watched Samantha, dress hiked up displaying her bare pussy, sitting on the couch with a horny twosome. She smiled and introduced us to Hans and

Grace. Hans was fucking Grace with a red plastic 2-headed dildo. Soon, Katrina joined in the fun and stuffed the other end of the dildo into her snatch. The two girls moaned as Katrina moved it in and out, up and down, doubling down on their pussies. Hans bent over to lick Grace's red, swollen clit, and lubed the dildo with his spit. All this time, Marcy and I watched at the other side of the couch. She was fingering herself, as I upzipped and jerked off. We were not going to the orgy to be a pair of party poopers!

Hans suddenly stopped his dildo sucking and stood up. I could see why. A torrent of briny yellow piss shot out of his cock. Katrina and Grace moaned in lust and opened their mouths to catch what they could. Filling their mouths, spitting and taking in more piss. Hans seemed to have an enormous capacity or the bladder of an oil tanker.

Katrina and Grace went crazy, and when he had finally exhausted his flow. He lay down on the floor and I knew what would come next. Katrina and Grace spread their legs over his naked prone body and rubbed their pussies. Hans was treated to a double flow...Katrina gushing into his mouth and all over his face while Grace doused his cock and balls as he furiously jerked off, using the liquid gold as a lube. All the while, Samantha studied the pissy highjinx of the pair carefully, rubbing her pussy.

Another couple came in—Tyrone, a tall, powerfully built black 30 something dude and Diane, a blond with huge tits and a gorgeous ass. I'd fuck her on the spot, but I was new to this scene and wasn't sure it was cool. They poured themselves hefty glasses of wine, and cozied up to Dawn, who was on a loveseat, watching the wet scene. Dawn soon began to deep-throat Tyrone while Diane watched, smiling approvingly. Diane, soon stripped down to a pair of red lacy panties, my favorite. Damn, this chick was hot.

In no time, she had her hand inside them, rubbing her clit. "I'd love to do that for you," I said, "if you wouldn't mind." Diane's nipples were hard little pencil erasers on D cup boobs, and I'd have a blast with her. Diane took my hand and led me outside, wine glass in tow. I grabbed mine and followed her silently. It was a warm summer night, perfect for outdoor sex and skinny dipping. Next to the pool was a big Jacuzzi, empty but seemingly usable.

"Come on, cowboy, get in that tub with me, and hose me down. I wanna feel that hot piss all over my tits and clit. Are you up to it? I downed my chardonnay, which helped prime the pump despite that fact that my cock had been hard as a crowbar. In a few minutes, I relaxed enough to let my piss flow take over. I jumped into the tub and let my pee fly. Diane obviously loved showers, especially piss showers. She moved her body to catch my stream, rubbing it in her pussy then bending over to catch my piss straight from the spigot. After a couple of minutes the mighty stream of piss that I had been building up slowly tapered off, but by this time, with her ass on the drain, we were rolling in 2 or 3 inches of golden brew. 

Splashing it all over her tits and clit, I began to get rock hard again. I stood up and she began sucking my cock. Diane really got into the taste of pissy cock, and deep throated me, mixing saliva with piss. In no time my flag was at full staff, and I was insanely horny again. Almost right on cue, Tyrone came into the bathroom and began showering us with his own recycled wine. Even soft and pissy, I could tell this guy was huge! Diane and I took turns taking mouthfuls of his pee, spitting it out on each other.

I'll continue the details in the next part of my story, but suffice it to say that Diane, Tyrone and I got it on, and we fucked in every conceivable arrangement and position. And when we had to get rid of our excess wine, we went back to the tub...

TO BE CONTINUED