 It was a pleasant drive home. The roads were pretty clear of traffic and that allowed me to replay the evening's events in my mind. Shaking my head slightly I could still hardly believe I had just had sex with, not only a man but with Bill. I smiled slightly as I pulled in the drive. I rushed out of the car wanting to warn Sarah that Bill would be here any second. I couldn't see his lights on the road but I knew he wasn't far behind me. I had given him great directions and knew he'd be here soon. Bursting into the house, a little out of breath, I called to her. When I got no response I went searching and found her in the shower. 

Through the steam I made my way and pulled back the curtain. She hadn't heard me come in nor felt the movement of the curtain so I got to enjoy watching her for a moment. God she was beautiful standing there under the water. Her body was pink from the heat of the water and I would imagine still flushed from her earlier activities. I loved looking at a woman all wet, her body glistening from the moisture and her hair all wild and sexy. Sarah had a great body too. Her breasts were about perfect, or rather what society would deem a perfect handful. Firm and smooth with nipples that always seemed ready to be tasted. Her body was rounded and curved in all the right areas I never had any trouble looking for something to hang on to in the heat of the moment. She wasn't fat by any means, with her long legs and flat tummy she always got second looks. 

She turned around and jolted a little at being surprised but smiled just the same and leaned to kiss me. After our brief kiss I tried to explain to her about Bill being on his way when I heard the doorbell. Backing out on her and heading down the stairs, I went to let Bill in.

He came right in and made himself at home. I offered him a drink and settled in with mine in the chair across from him. We talked some, not touching on anything sexual. We were moping over projects and clients when I saw Sarah out of the corner of my eye. She was only wrapped in her robe and looked quite delicious and fresh. 

She smiled at me and glanced towards Bill. 

I made the introductions and both of them scoped each other out. 

I knew my girlfriend was a sight to behold so I knew what was in Bill's mind but I was really wondering what was going through Sarah's mind. By her lingering smile and wink my direction I knew she approved. 

It really didn't take much longer for things to fall into play. It was actually Sarah that started things rolling. I guess she was more than anxious to be a bigger part of our fun than she had been. She came over to me and straddled my lap, opening her robe for me to see she was completely naked underneath. It excited me to know that Bill would be watching me touch her and I wasted no time. I slipped my hands over her tummy and up to her breasts, taking them into my hands. 

She moaned softly and let her head fall back as I tweaked my thumb over each nipple. 

I leaned down and flicked my tongue over first one nipple then, at her gasp, over the other nipple. After pleasing her over the last three years I knew what she liked, so when I actually sucked on one of her nipples, the arching of her back and sigh from her lips came as no surprise. I paid special attention to them for a few minutes; each nipple was a hard little bud under my tongue and fingers. 

I figured it was time for Bill to see what I was enjoying so I slipped her robe from her shoulder and exposed her beautiful body to him. Her long black hair cascaded down her back as she turned herself around on my lap. 

She was facing Bill now and took to massaging her own breasts, teasing him slowly with her actions. 

I watched as he stood up and came over to us and kneeled in front of her. 

She leaned back against me and I saw him lean down between her legs. She gasped so loud and I knew his tongue had found her clit. 

I reached around her and played with her breasts while Bill's tongue went to work on her pussy. She told him how good it felt and how wet we both were making her. 

I had always thought it would bother me seeing her pleased by another man but tonight all it did was make me very hard. My cock was pushing against my pants wanting to be released and I knew I'd have to let it out soon. 

Sarah had her hands in Bill's hair and was grinding her pussy against his face, which in turn was grinding her ass against my cock. How exciting this all was. 

She whispered for Bill to stop and confessed to feeling my hard cock against her ass. 

Bill smiled and said he'd like to feel that. So she stood up and pulled me with her.

Slowly she undid my pants and helped me out of them while Bill watched. My cock sprang forward with desire and I wanted desperately to have it touch. 

Bill had also stood up and removed his clothing. 

Sarah stood between us staring back and forth at both hard cocks. She looked at me and asked me if I wanted to fuck Bill and I nodded yes as my cock twitched with excitement.

Bill said he hadn't had a cock in so long and really wanted to feel me buried inside him. Without hesitating he turned around on all fours and faced his ass to me. 

Sarah got behind me and guided me to my knees. She kneeled next to me and rubbed Bill's ass and my cock at the same time. 

I moaned at her touch, her fingers felt like heaven. 

Bill moved his ass against her hand. She took my cock and guided it towards Bill's ass. 

I could not believe my girlfriend was not only going to watch me fuck another man, she was actually going to help. 

My cock was at Bill's asshole and I pushed it in slowly. I had had anal sex with Sarah on numerous occasions and enjoyed it greatly, but nothing ever felt as great as that moment when my cock slipped into his ass. I think it was because this was my first male fuck and my cock just sensed it wasn't Sarah's ass. 

Both Bill and I moaned loudly as I pushed all the way in. 

He told me how great it felt and how deep I was. 

I could hardly contain myself and began to move instantly. 

Sarah's hands had found my nipples and were rolling them between her thumb and finger. I was arched which made my cock go so much deeper in his ass. 

Bill was moaning so much now and moving on my cock, asking over and over to be fucked. 

Sarah leaned over and whispered, "fuck him" in my ear and I lost all control. 

I grabbed onto his hips and start pumping my big cock into his tight ass. Over and over I thrust deep into him...it felt as if I couldn't get deep enough. I wanted him to feel the pleasure he had given me only a few hours earlier. I hadn't noticed that Sarah had slipped away until she came back. I was so into pushing my cock in and out of his ass and his moans and whimpers for more that I didn't realize much of anything going on around me. That is until I felt Sarah behind me, touching my ass. Within a few seconds she had her finger in my ass and I bucked forward into Bill.

"Oh God" I said and my cock seemed to grow larger inside Bill's ass.

Sarah was finger fucking my ass while I fucked deep into Bill's. I was lost in heaven. Nothing had ever felt so good. I knew I would cum if this kept up and I wanted to wait so I slowed down my pace and teased Bill's ass with slow movements. I was thoroughly enjoying the finger fuck Sarah was giving me when she slipped them out. I turned my head to complain about the loss when I felt something hard against my ass. A bit stunned I tried to see what she was doing without removing my cock from Bill's ass.

She helped my curiosity by telling me she was now going to fuck my ass with her new strap on. I thought I would die. Sarah? In a strap on? My mind was wheeling. My cock was as big as ever in Bill's ass and I felt Sarah push her cock into my ass. 

Oh God the sensation of being fucked and fucking at the same time was incredible. I had a huge cock in my ass and was filling up another ass at the same time. I found myself losing control and knew I would cum soon. 

I once again grabbed onto Bill's hips and began moving my cock in and out of his ass faster and faster. 

I told him how great his ass felt wrapped around my cock and how I was going to fuck him so good. I then begged Sarah to fuck me hard, to make me fuck Bill deep. And she did. 

Sarah had grabbed my hips and was pounding her cock into my ass causing me to slam into Bill's. All of us were moaning and groaning. 

Bill had taken to stroking his cock and told me he was going to cum very soon. 

I announced that I was too and there was no stopping it. 

Sarah reached around me and had a firm hold on my nipples, just as Bill had done earlier. I could tell she was using all her strength to fuck my ass and I told her she was going to make me cum. 

Bill began to grunt and cried out that he was cumming. 

I felt his body jerking and his ass tensed up around my cock. I couldn't take anymore and shot my load deep into his ass. 

I screamed out that I was cumming and thrust my cock deep into Bill's ass over and over.

Sarah kept telling me to do it, to shoot my cum all over inside Bill. 

I had no problem obliging her. My cum was all over inside Bill's ass and his cum was all over the ground in front of him.

My body was so weak from the duel fucking that I had to pull out of Bill and sit down behind him. 

Bill in turn sat down next to me, our backs against my coffee table. Sarah was sitting as well only her fingers were working over time on her clit and she was moaning and gasping. 

My poor Sarah had pleased me and helped me pleasure Bill and was now on the verge of cumming herself. I had to return the favor.

Thankfully she had removed the strap on so access to her hot pussy was easy. I rolled over between her legs and gently moved her fingers out of the way. I placed my thumb over her clit and began to rub it. 

Her hips bucked at the feeling and she laid back completely giving herself to me. 

I thrust my tongue deep into her pussy and moved it around inside. 

She gasped over and over again as she grabbed my hair and rode my tongue. 

My thumb never stopped and my tongue moved deep within her. 

Her body began to tense and the walls of her pussy clenched my tongue. My beautiful Sarah was going to cum all over my tongue, more excitedly, Bill was going to watch it all. 

We had never made love or done anything sexual in front of any one before. She arched her back and began to let out a scream. I knew this was going to be intense for her, her whole body was going ridged with the orgasm. I removed my tongue from her wet pussy and replaced my thumb with it. Only this time I wrapped my lips over her clit and gently bit down on it. 

She cried out that she was cumming and bucked wildly under me. Over and over she moaned and jerked as her body gave in to the wonderful feeling. 

I slowed down on her clit and new I'd have to stop. Once she came she was always extremely sensitive down there. Very slowly I licked her pussy...taking in her sweet juices and lapping them all up. 

She sighed and made little movements with her body. 

I pulled back and laid down next to her, my arms wrapping around her. We kissed and I thanked her. I looked over at Bill and could hardly believe my eyes. His cock was sticking straight out and once again hard as a rock. I looked up at him and he smiled and asked if I was ready for round three. My thoughts were on if the bed was going to be big enough for all three of us.