 Sorry for the delay in this appearing. It's been busy on the work front, and this chapter didn't emerge as easily as the previous two. I'm still not entirely satisfied with it but see what you think. Comments very, very welcome.

*****

I was amused that as I followed the girls upstairs the conversation was not about the potential delights of the next few hours but about a scandal at their old school involving one of their teachers. Apparently he'd been asked to take early retirement on account of the bottles of vodka found in his desk. The details of this absorbed both girls even as they began taking off their clothes in my room, Maggie peeling herself out of her long, figure-hugging dress and Liz out of her usual uniform of jeans and a t-shirt. I found their matter of fact-ness of it all surprisingly exciting.

It was only when I went behind Liz to help her unhook her bra that the conversation reverted to the more immediate situation.

Maggie had finished undressed and was standing watching us, a glorious vision of young womanhood, tall and curvy with those lovely full breasts and rounded hips, the small patch of fur nestling at the base of her stomach. Liz looked at her and groaned in despair.

"Look at you! You're so beautiful. God, I wish I looked like you!"

"Don't be silly," said Maggie. "You're amazing looking. Isn't she, CD?"

"Absolutely stunning," I said.

Liz still pouted, but her eyes wouldn't leave Maggie's body. Maggie saw her gaze and raised an eyebrow.

"It's not like you haven't seen me naked before!"

"No... I guess not," said Liz shyly. "But not like this. I didn't realise just how... well, how, well... wow."

Maggie giggled. "Careful Liz," she said. "You're only supposed to be ten percent, remember?"

Liz blushed. "That was supposed to be a secret!"

I was curious. "Ten per cent?"

"We did this test a few years ago," said Maggie. "In a magazine. 'Just how bi are you?'"

"Ah yes," I said. "I think it was in Scientific American."

She scowled at me. "Don't be a smart-ass. It was in one of the Charlie's mum's magazines."

"Definitely not Scientific American then," I said. It is never too late to score points against your ex-wife.

"Anyway, we all did it. And I got twenty-five percent and Liz got ten percent - or so we thought - and... well, yeah, so it was... quite interesting."

She'd been going to say what Charlie's score was, I realised. Did I want to know 'how bi' my daughter was? Not today, I decided.

Liz looked at the floor. "Actually... I cheated."

Maggie looked stunned. "You! Miss goody two-shoes! You cheated on a TEST?"

"It was only a silly magazine!"

I sat on the bed. I was in no rush. Maggie was naked and Liz was in her underwear. If they wanted to have a chat first, I was quite happy to watch.

"So what did you actually score? Five? Or zero?" Maggie's hand went to her mouth. "It was zero, wasn't it? For the first time in your life you got zero on a test!"

"What did this test actually involve?" I asked, ever the scientist.

"Oh, we had to imagine different situations involving girls and then rate how turned on we felt." 

"Except for the last one," said Liz. "You haven't forgotten the last one, have you? We had to..." She looked at me. "We had to kiss each other for ten seconds and then give that a score too."

"Wow," I said. "And I thought you were studying glacial erosion." Part of me was thinking about Charlie, Liz and Maggie, kissing each other solemnly and then noting down the results of how they felt.

Maggie was still staring expectantly at Liz. "So - what did you actually score? Was it zero?"

Liz hesitated. "Forty," she muttered.

"FORTY! My god - you're practically a dyke!"

"I am NOT! I love sex with men. Well - this one anyway." She gestured vaguely in my direction, which was pleasing.

"But..." Maggie was in a state of mild shock. "I can't believe you lied about it."

Liz looked at the floor, her shoulders slumped. "I didn't want you to feel... uncomfortable around me. I just couldn't bear that."

Maggie's face, up until now an expression of mock disgust and anger, softened into a motherly smile.

"Oh, Liz, honey, we'd never feel uncomfortable around you. Never!" She walked over and gave Liz a hug. The sight of the two of them holding each other like that was certainly something to linger in the mind.

Maggie broke the embrace and looked wickedly at her friend. "And you can touch my tits whenever you want."

"Maggie!" Liz was in agonies of embarrassment.

"Don't tease her, Mags," I said. "She's been very honest. And perhaps a few ground rules before we start might not be a bad idea. That is, if you're sure you still want to do this. Perhaps we shouldn't."

They both looked at me in dismay.

"Of course we should!" said Maggie, and Liz nodded her head in firm agreement.

"Well... from the little I know about threesomes, I understand it's quite common for somebody to feel a bit left out. You know, if two of the participants have really found a rhythm or are really into each other, sometimes the third person is reduced to the role of observer, which be ... disappointing and upsetting. So we all need to be aware of that danger, and to try and limit the duration of those times..."

"Christ professor," said Maggie impatiently. "Do you want to fuck us both or not?"

I considered. "I definitely do," I said.

"Then let's figure it out as we go," said Maggie. "Right Liz?" 

"Yes."

"Shall we suck his cock?" 

"Mmm. Yes. Let's." 

And we were off.

**

The girls settled themselves either side of me, Liz lying flat on her stomach with her head level with my groin, Maggie sitting cross-legged directly across from her. It was Maggie who took the lead, of course. She reached over, grasped my cock firmly, and began to teasingly work it up and down. Liz watched, her eyes bright.

"Has he come in your mouth yet?" Maggie asked her.

Liz nodded. "I love it. I didn't think I'd like it... but I really did."

"Mmm, me too. Show me how you suck him."

She pointed my cock towards Liz who bent her head and gently licked the tip first. Then she ran her tongue up and down the part of the shaft that wasn't covered by Maggie's hand. Maggie adjusted her grip slightly and fed my cock into Liz's willing mouth. Maggie then started to slowly jerk me off.

Liz reached for me with one of her hands and I held it. This was already beyond my wildest, dirtiest dreams, and they were only just getting started.

Maggie watched, fascinated, as Liz's blonde head bobbed up and down on me.

"That's so horny," she breathed. "I never thought I'd see you do something like this." It wasn't entirely clear if she was talking to me or Liz - not that it mattered, it could have applied to us equally.

Liz sucked me for about a minute then stopped and rather shyly indicated that Maggie should take her turn. This invitation was greedily accepted and Maggie swooped down and began to suck me with an energy and gusto that was in marked contrast to Liz's gentler, more considered efforts. Liz's eyes grew wide as she watched.

"I can't believe you do it that fast," she said.

Maggie paused and lifted her head.

"Sometimes I take it a bit slower, but I don't know, I just felt like I had to play catch up tonight. But you're right, we don't want to get him too worked up too soon. Your approach was much better."

"I'm not sure," said Liz, ever the studious one. "Maybe he likes that better."

"I'm right here," I said. "And both are amazing. But I think Maggie is right to worry about getting me too worked up."

"Particularly because at his age," said Maggie. "His recovery time is not all that we might wish."

"He managed three times in an hour once," said Liz, with a touch of pride.

Maggie glared in my direction. "Have you been holding out on me?"

"No," I protested. "And I think I should point out that was extremely unusual, and should not be considered the benchmark."

Maggie gave me a suspicious look and then resumed her sucking, a little slower this time. Liz shot me a smile and I gestured that she should come and lay beside me on the pillow. I put my arm around her and pulled her close and we both watched Maggie. Liz's breathing had become deeper and from the way she was squirming against me I knew she was becoming very aroused. I gently teased one of her nipples with my fingers and she closed her eyes.

"I'm getting so wet," she whispered into my ear.

Maggie broke off again. "Me too," she said. "Mind you, I started getting wet just as I was getting ready to come over here. Just thinking about what we might be doing."

"Yes," said Liz, a little more diffidently. "I was the same. But watching you do that to him... do you mind if I touch myself a bit? I'm going to go mad if I don't." This was directed at Maggie, who rolled her eyes.

"Go ahead! Of course. It'll be really sexy to see that."

"Really?"

"Really. I've never seen another girl do it - well, not in real life."

Liz hesitated. For all her progress, she was still much more of quiet introvert next to cheerful, outgoing Maggie.

"Go on," said Maggie. "Look, I'll do it first if you want."

Maggie proceeded to let go of my cock and scooted up the bed to lie the other side of me. I mentally suppressed a groan of disappointment, but this was hardly the moment to complain of being neglected. Then Maggie closed her eyes and began to touch herself enthusiastically, sliding first one finger and then two up and down her slit, occasionally shoving one inside herself and then the other.

Liz almost seemed to stop breathing.

"Oh my god," she said, unable to take her eyes off her friend. "Oh my god. Maggie... you're so beautiful."

"Kiss me," murmured Maggie. I did so, cupping one of her breasts in my hand as I did and squeezing it gently. Behind me I could feel Liz adjusting her position. When I broke the kiss I looked back and Liz was now copying her friend, her hand between her legs, eyes closed, teasing herself over and over. 

To lie there between the two masturbating girls was extraordinarily arousing and absurdly touching. I watched them both for several minutes, switching my view from one to the other and then back again. Maggie preferred a more aggressive, set pattern, she was more male-like in the way she almost pounded away at herself. Liz's technique was more varied, sometimes fingers, sometimes the palm of her hand, sometimes hard, sometimes barely a light touch.

Maggie was beginning to pant. "God, I can't believe I'm going to come already."

On hearing this Liz's eyes opened and she rolled onto her side, her hand still between her legs but now able to see exactly what was going to happen.

I stroked Maggie's head. "Come for me, you lovely dirty girl," I said. "Stick your fingers in that lovely cunt and come for me."

Maggie writhed and moaned.

"Come for us," said Liz. "Come for us, Maggie. I want to see you come. He wants to see you come. Please Maggie. We want it so badly."

And with a loud cry Maggie's orgasm arrived. She tightened her legs around her hand, almost as if to prevent it from escaping.

"Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck..."

I stroked Maggie's body as it twitched and shivered in the aftermath. Liz reached over and put her hand on top of mine so it was if the two of us were soothing Maggie. 

After a few moments Maggie's eyes opened and she smiled at us. Then she reached down and put her hand on top of Liz's, so our three hands were stacked together.

"That was a lovely start," she purred. "I do believe that puts me in the lead."

"This isn't a competition," Liz told her severely. "But that was wonderful, seeing you like that."

"Mmm," said Maggie, stretching out with an air of blissful satisfaction. "I'll be right back with you in just one second. Why don't you two get on with something?"

"I'll suck you some more, shall I?" said Liz to me. I shook my head.

I pushed myself down the bed so that now I was positioned between their two glorious young pussies, one on either side of me. I moved over so I was between Liz's legs. I could smell her scent.

"Yes," said Maggie, "I want to see this."

I began to nuzzle and lick Liz's thighs, moving carefully upwards as I did so. Her hips began to twist and rock of their own volition as I got closer, and I deliberately slowed down so as to draw out the anticipation.

"Oh please," she said. "Oh please... just touch me."

Her own hand began to move back down so it could do what I was refusing to, but I firmly pushed it away and gave it to Maggie to hold. Maggie took it with a smirk.

"Patience, Elizabeth," she told her.

Liz groaned in frustration "You're a fine one to talk."

Ever so slowly I let my tongue slide along her pussy lips, starting from the bottom and moving incrementally towards the top. Just before I reached her clit I broke away and kissed the area directly above it instead.

"Oh fuck," said Liz, breathlessly. "Oh fuck, that's so fucking mean."

"I'm shocked," said Maggie. "Your language, Lizzie. Really!"

I repeated the exercise. This time I hesitated just before reaching the top, I opened my mouth, and I blew gently onto her small little button.

She almost howled. "Tell him to just fucking lick my clit," said Liz, furiously. "Fucking lick it. Please. Fuck!"

Maggie thumped me on the shoulder. "Stop being mean to my friend. And you," - this to Liz - "when did you start talking so dirty?"

A third time my tongue traced its way up her slit. This time I followed it up with my finger just behind, probing and pushing at her lips and the enticing warm wetness that lay behind them. And this time I finally began to lick at her small, delicious clit and the area around it, circling and swirling my tongue around it while my finger continued its stroking.

"Oh god," said Liz. "I can't stand it. Fuck... that's almost worse... than when you weren't... fuck, oh fuck."

I slipped a finger fully into her. That aversion she had to things being inside her was long gone, it slipped in easily and without the slightest murmur of protest from her. I began to finger fuck her gently as I lapped away at her. As I did so I could see the hand that Maggie was holding began to tense and contract. My eyes met Maggie's.

"Yes, lick her," she told me. "Keep licking her little cunt."

At this Liz moaned again.

My cock was rock hard and I was tempted to lift myself up and fuck Liz properly, giving myself some much-needed release at the same time. But part of me was also enchanted by this scene, my head between Liz's legs, the two friends holding hands, Maggie encouraging Liz and turning her on.

"Does she taste good?" Maggie asked. "Does she taste sweet? Is she going to come on your mouth, Martin?"

"Oh fuck," groaned Liz. "Oh fuck... you're driving me crazy you two..."

The hand of Liz's that wasn't pressed into Maggie's now came up and began to play with her own nipples. Liz was surprisingly brutal with them, rougher and more aggressive with them than I would have been. She was obviously very turned on and also perhaps the pain was a way of distracting her from the building tension in her groin.

Of course, she could only do one nipple at a time so her hand went back and forth between her two breasts, squeezing one of them into an angry bright red point and then going off to the other to do the same there. Maggie watched this repetition a few times and then slowly moved her own spare hand over, taking control of the breast closer to her.

Liz's eyes widened as she saw her friend beginning to play with her nipple. She let out another desperate cry - this was all too much - and her legs tightened around me. It was close now, very close.

"Are you going to come now Liz?" Maggie asked, kneading Liz's breast. "Martin has his face in your cunt and I'm playing with your lovely little tits... Is that going to make you come? Or are you so greedy you want more?"

"Oh... oh... I'm so fucking close..."

My tongue never stopped. I began to lick her harder now, willing her over the edge with my tongue. My face felt drenched. My finger still worked remorselessly in and out of her.

Maggie was also relentless. "Perhaps you want a cock in your mouth as well?"

"God oh god yes I'd like that..."

Maggie lowered her head so she could whisper into Liz's ear, though I could hear clearly what she said. "Or would you like a juicy wet cunt on top of your face?"

"Oh fuck Maggie oh FUCK FUCK FUCK...!"

And with that Liz came, a huge, juddering orgasm, the biggest I'd ever seen her have. She seemed to be on the verge of tears with the intensity of it, and both Maggie and I stopped what we were doing for fear of inadvertently adding to her apparent agony. We just watched in awe as Liz's small, perfect body rocked and bucked and writhed for what seemed like minutes, all the while accompanied by cries and whimpers.

Maggie and I looked at each other. She gave me a warm smile of approval. For all her playfulness and mock jealousy, Maggie adored her friend and she couldn't have been more pleased for her.

"Oh... my... god..." Liz was gradually coming back into consciousness. "Oh god... I thought I was going to die, that was almost too much..."

Maggie kissed her on the forehead. I got off the bed and walked around and lay down beside her, so now Liz was in the middle. Any embarrassment on her part was gone now, she cuddled up to Maggie while simultaneously pressing herself against me, and made little noises of contentment.

We lay like there for a while. It was almost as if Maggie and I were protecting Liz who lay quietly between us as we stroked her and ran our hands carefully up and down her lovely toned body.

Liz finally spoke, her breathing just about under control. "Martin's turn next."

"Absolutely," said Maggie. "He's been very patient. And really, we were supposed to be observing how each of us made him excited and made him come - but as usual he's been a bit slippery and ended up turning the tables."

I raised an eyebrow at this. "I don't think it's worked out badly for you," I said.

"I love it when he comes," said Liz dreamily. "The way his whole body just shudders and the noises he makes..."

"Mmm," said Maggie. "And just before he comes his eyes go really crazy..."

"Yes!" Liz was chuckling softly. "And he makes those little gasping noises..."

Maggie did an impression of what looked like a fish that had just flopped out of its tank. Liz seemed to find this amusing. I felt my dignity was being undermined.

"I shall go and read a book," I said haughtily. "I don't think you're being very respectful."

"You're not going anywhere," said Maggie dismissively. "We all know you're not, so stop complaining."

I sighed. Liz lifted her head and kissed me firmly on the mouth.

"We love you," she said. "Don't we Mags?"

As an answer Maggie reached over and kissed me as well, an even longer and firmer kiss than Liz's.

"Who do you want to fuck first?" she asked.

"God... I don't know... Either of you would be great... I wouldn't know how to choose... perhaps alphabetical order?"

"Yay," said Liz, and pushed her bottom firmly into my groin to endorse this idea.

Maggie pouted. "Or oldest first? I'm three months older than Baby Liz over there."

"I guess that would also be fine," I agreed. "Or perhaps we could toss a coin for it?"

Maggie shook her head. "That's not very romantic, is it?" 

"I honestly can't decide," I said.

"I don't mind if Maggie goes first," said Liz. "I just... well, I just had my fun, didn't I? So it must be Maggie's turn."

"Then I'll feel greedy," said Maggie. "Actually... I think I've got a better idea."

I regarded her with suspicion. "Oh yes?"

"Let's blindfold him," she said. "And then he has to guess which of us he's fucking. In fact, not just fucking - we can do lots of things to him and he has to guess who it is each time."
