 Upon arriving at Yellowstone, we were glad to have made reservations since everything appeared to be booked. The resort we were staying at had just opened and the suite had plenty of room as well as being luxurious. Our first day at the park was filled with plenty of scenic views of the canyons and waterfalls. And the new Durango performed great on the steep slopes.

When we returned to the resort to prepare for dinner we saw a group of teens standing outside the resort office. As we parked, one of the boys approached and asked in accented English if we had seen any vacancy signs at other lodges or motels in the area. He explained that his friends, two other boys and a girl, and he were vacationing in the US after graduation and prior to starting college. He introduced himself as Hans and his friends as Inga, Fritz and Rolf. I went with Hans to the reception desk to inquire about vacancies while the others talked to you. We were told that there were large tour groups of Asians and they knew of no vacancies in the area. We returned to the truck and I told you that I would drive them to a few motels and campgrounds to check for possible cancellations since they didn't have transportation. Inga asked if there was a place in the resort to freshen up. I told her that I doubted it but you would take her back to our room while the boys checked for rooms.

The guys piled into the Durango and after escorting you and Inga to our suite, I headed for some motels we had seen down the road. After an hour of fruitless searching, we returned to the resort and traipsed up to our suite. We saw that Inga had bathed and changed into a simple sundress. Her face fell when we told her of our failure. I suggested that we help them discuss their options over dinner so the guys each washed and put on clean shirts. You remarked when they were changing that they didn't look old enough for college. Rolf explained that the boys had been attending a private boy's school since their parents were well off and had each turned eighteen the month before. Inga had been in a girls school run by nuns and had just turned eighteen two days before leaving Germany. All three of the boys were built slight with little if any chest hair. Fritz said it was probably because of the strict regimen and isolation from girls. Inga was slim, blonde and small breasted.

After a great steak, I remarked on the small meals the boys had ordered. They assured me that for Europeans it was plenty and that they were eating more and better than their normal diet. We explored their options and found out that their train tickets were for the eastbound train in three days, the same day we were scheduled to leave. They asked what were penalties for camping without a permit in the park. I explained that normally it would be a fine and possible expulsion from the parks but could be worse for non-citizens of the US. You spoke up and said that in addition to our bedroom we had two sofas that were actually sofa beds and was supposed to sleep six. I said we could give it a try for a night and then we'd go from there. We all got back in the Dodge and drove back to the resort.

While you and Inga started setting up the sofa-beds, I took the boys to the pool for a quick dip under the stars. That way we would also save the hot water for you and Inga. While we were gone, Inga asked you about us and how long we had been married. She also asked if you could answer some questions about sex since her mother hadn't been around and the nuns refused to discuss the subject. They guys asked me about the chances they might have of meeting girls while in the States. They were really interested in losing their virginity before the semester began at college. The school had been extremely strict about fraternization.

When we returned to the room, both sofas had been made up, you had your thick white robe on and Inga was in a long cotton gown. The boys changed into their pajama bottoms and then I showered and put on my lounging shorts and a tank top. When I came out, everyone was lounging around watching the large TV while Fritz flipped through the channels. As I settled on the bed next to you, he stopped on a movie that showed a couple in bed. Although they were supposed to be having sex, nothing explicit was shown. He turned and asked if that was what sex was really like. I asked him what he meant and he said, "You know, dark and under the covers and all."

We laughed and told him no and that sex varied between each couple. Sometimes it was like that and other times was in daylight and not in bed. They all seemed mesmerized and began asking us both many questions. We tried answering in general terms and as little details as possible. Finally Inga asked you if we could show them what making love really was. You hesitated but after persistent begging relented. They gathered around the bed as you pushed me back onto the pillows and then pulled my shorts off. I wasn't hard and wasn't sure I could get that way with an audience. However, you were sure you could remedy that and began stroking me and then leaning over and taking my cock into your mouth. I heard the boys inhale and whisper that they were definitely going to have that done to them someday.

The boys stationed themselves on every side of the bed while Inga sat next to my head and bent over to watch as my cock began to swell and harden in your mouth. Fritz squatted next to his side to get a better view of your face as you worked on me. Hans enjoyed a wide view from the foot of the bed and since Rolf couldn't really see I slid your nightshirt up over your hips so he could see your nakedness from behind. As I hardened more, my fingers began stroking your ass and sliding down the crevice to tease your tight ring and blossoming lips. The boys began a quick smattering of questions wanting to know how it felt and what would happen next. Inga asked you if it was hard to keep from gagging and how you knew what to do.

You sat up and glanced at the boys with obvious erections showing under their pajamas and Inga clamping her legs together and said, "There are ground rules that must be obeyed for this to go any further. They are as follows:

1.Nothing that happens in the room is ever told to anyone else. 2.No one is required to do any act he or she objects to. 3.There can be no jealousy on anyone's part. 4.In order to request a certain act you must also experience it.

Are there any questions?"

Since no one spoke, you remarked that the rules applied to me also and I agreed. With a nod to everyone, you pulled your shirt off and laid next to me as I began to kiss your breasts and then work my way down your body. I then slid down the bed and spreading your legs began to tease you with my tongue and fingers. As you moans grew louder the boys were pressing their cocks back against their stomachs. You told them to strip off the bottoms so you could get a better view of their equipment. They were almost all the same size, about five inches long with sparse hair at the base. You reached to your left and pulled Rolf toward you by his hard cock. I watched from between your thighs as he knelt next to your head and then you turned your face and touched the end of his cock with your tongue. Before going further you commented to everyone "Remember that only the first one is 'free'."

I sucked your clit into my mouth at the same moment you slid his cock into your hot wet mouth. I recognized the signs of your orgasm as he began to pump in and out, watching your lips sliding along his shaft. Inga had moved down the bed to get a better view of what I was doing to you. Rolf began to moan and you cupped his balls and held him still as you felt his virgin cum shoot across your tongue. I remained still just teasing your clit until you felt him begin to soften and then let him slide out, using your lips to squeeze every drop from hi. Then you raised your head and opened your mouth showing us all the creaming white load he had given you. Your lips closed and we all watched as you swallowed and then laid back.

Sitting up, I swung your leg over, giving me my best access. As I began to wet the head of my cock with the dew from your nether lips, you motioned Fritz up on the bed and began stroking him with your hand. His cock twitched in your hand and as I sank into your waiting pussy, you pulled him forward more and took just the head between your lips. Hans sat on the floor for a better view of your pussy being pummeled by my hard cock. Inga roamed around the bed, getting different views of the action, When I began teasing your ass with my finger, she asked why I would do that. I explained that it was an erogenous zone to many people. Noticing her clothing I told her that to be fair she should remove her nightshirt. She shrugged and lifted it over her head. Her body was then bared for everyone to see from the small budding breasts to the slit below her belly. You could probably fit her breasts in teacups and at first she appeared to be shaved but really was just sparse blond hair that hadn't really developed into a patch. She sat on the bed and reached her hand out to touch your hip. As she stroked, her hand dropped lower and lower until she reached the crevice separating the cheeks. Then she slid her fingers forward until they touched your pussy lips stretched around my shaft. "Beckie is all wet", she remarked. Then she dragged her wet fingers across your tightly puckered ring.

Hearing Fritz begin to groan, I stopped deep inside you and we watched as he tried to push deeper into your mouth. His body tightened as his balls sent a rush of his first orgasm spewing out the opening. Again, when finished you displayed your prize and then motioned Inga over. You used a finger to capture a few drops of the cream from your bottom lip and then placed it between her lips. She sucked the moisture from your finger and then remarked that it had a slightly salty taste but couldn't compare it.  

Hans tried to push Fritz out of the way since he was the only boy that still had a hard-on. You released Fritz and let Hans shuffle up to your mouth. In one quick motion you slid your lips down and engulfed both his cock and balls and then worked them over with your tongue. As I began to approach my climax I took Inga's hand and placed her fingers between your stuffed cunt and ass and told her to press there. She began rubbing and with the wetness seeping out of you one of her fingers slid inside your ass. When she looked at me and said "I can feel your cock inside her", I let go with my orgasm and began spraying the cream inside you. At that you inserted a finger in Hans' ass and he too lost control and his virginity.

As I started to slowly pump into you again with my shrinking cock you released Hans and showed us your latest deposit. I leant forward and kissed you, tasting his juices when my tongue probed your mouth. I felt fingers at the base of my cock and raised up. Inga was scooping up the mixture of our cums from the juncture of my shaft and your pussy lips. She began licking the cream from her fingers and said that it too was salty but not exactly the same as the sample you had given her. I rolled over and your cum covered pussy was spread open for all to see. Inga leaned over and licked the length of your slit before sitting back on her heels.

While the boys tried to recuperate you told Inga it was her turn to experience the pleasure and motioned for me to proceed. I gently pushed her back until she was lying next to you. I began teasing her nipples with my lips and teeth and when they were as hard as could be began working my way down her stomach. When I reached the juncture between her legs, I lifted her thighs and used just my tongue to trace a path along the tightly closed lips. As I gently licked her skin, her pussy lips began to swell and then the slit began to open and her clit started to raise its head. Once it was visible I started gently sucking and nibbling on it until she started moaning. Then I increased the intensity until her hips raised and her thighs clamped against my ears as she reached her first climax. Once she relaxed in the afterglow, I sat back up and waited for you to speak.

You looked at them all and said, "Now you have all experienced one of the variations of sex. In order to appreciate the efforts of your partner you should experience those efforts. If you decide you don't want to be on the giving end then no one will question your decision and the lessons will end now. Otherwise, after each lesson you will be required to perform the act that you just experienced before you have it again."

Hans asked, "I don't understand what you mean. Could you be specific?

You replied, "Okay, in blunt term, I just gave you a blow job. Before you can expect another, you must suck one of the other cocks in this room. It's not always a one for one trade but you need to know what you are asking of someone requires. You may not like the taste of cum but then you won't be upset if someone didn't want to taste yours. Some women don't like the taste and some will not even put a cock in their mouth. This will apply to every activity we teach you that you are physically capable of doing. Are there any other questions or does anyone want to quit now?"

No one spoke up so you suggested we all get comfortable and watch some television. After the movie you noticed that the boys keep sneaking peeks at you and Inga while trying to conceal their stiffening cocks. Turning off the TV you asked if they were horny again and were answered with vigorous nods. "Okay", you said, "now is the time to learn to give as well as receive. There are ways to give and receive at the same time but that will come with experience. Now I want to see Hans give Fritz a blowjob."

Hans looked doubtful as Fritz laid back on the bed but then realized if he didn't then this was the end of his sexual education for now. He leaned over and tentatively touched the cock Fritz was holding in one hand. You scooted closer and began giving him suggestions on techniques. He slowly lowered his head with open mouth, letting the head and then shaft slide between hip lips. He only let half the length in before closing his lips and began to suck. You explained that he needed to move his mouth up and down the shaft, not just suck. As everyone else watched, he began sliding his mouth up and down, stopping at the base of the head to suck and then sliding back down allowing more of the shaft into his mouth on each stroke. Before long his lips were touching the base of the cock on each down stroke.

While you were telling Hans that he should also use his hands to stimulate the shaft, Fritz suddenly grabbed Hans hair with both hands to stop the movement and we watched as his balls twitched and then contracted. We knew that he was spewing his sperm into the mouth enclosing his cock. When Fritz relaxed and let go of his hold, Hans sat up and opened his mouth to show the cream on his tongue. You told him to kiss Inga so she could compare the tastes. As their tongues were exchanging the cum, you remarked on the stiffness of Hans' cock and told Rolf that it was his turn to make a decision. Not wanting to lose out on the future activities he asked Hans how it was. "Not bad", Hans replied. "A surprise when I felt his squirt but the taste wasn't bad."

You had Hans sit on the edge of the bed and then told Rolf to kneel on the floor between his legs. "There are many positions," you said, "so don't restrict yourself. You won't always be in bed." Remembering the instructions you had given Hans, Rolf took the base of Hans' cock between his fingers and moved it to a better angle away from the boy's stomach and then enveloped the head with his mouth. At first he concentrated on just the head, alternating between sucking and using his tongue to lick around the crown. When he started to descend on the shaft, I told you that he had it under control and pushed you back onto the bed next to Fritz who was still recovering. I motioned Inga over and told her that the rules applied to her as well. She agreed and laid on her stomach between your open thighs. She remarked that your pussy was still hot and that cream was oozing out. I told her that was okay and gave her a few pointers. She began by licking the flesh around the lips without actually contacting your sex.

When her tongue began to touch the clit and lips your thighs raised and gave Inga access to the trickle of juices coming out of your swollen pussy. Her tongue attacked the rivulet and probed your crinkled anus as she tried to capture every drop. When she had cleaned the flow, her tongue and mouth moved back up and enveloped your cunt while her tongue probed into the crevices, seeking every drop of nectar inside. Her nose pressed against your clit and began dueling with it until you began to gush again. Finally you reached down and pushed her head away. She sat up with her face wet with juices and you pulled her to you and kissed her tasting the mixture of liquids on her lips. 

Turning our attention to the remaining activity, we watched as Hans held Rolf by the ears and helped to guide him on the path up and down his reddened cock. When Rolf placed a hand under Hans' balls, we knew the end was close and suddenly Rolf's head stopped and we watched his cheeks bulge as the load of cum exploded in his mouth. When the surges subsided, Rolf leaned back and opened his mouth. Inga hopped off the bed when she saw the pearly white froth and began to kiss him and tried to suck some of the cream into her own mouth.

Inga remarked that she had yet to taste a boys cum first hand so you suggested she try out Rolf since his was the only erect cock. She pulled him to the bed and before she took him in her mouth, you guided her hips around until she was straddling his head. When she attacked his cock, Rolf remarked on how her puffy lips were again closed but seemed to pulsate. Since Inga had her weight on his thighs she was able to completely control the penetration into her mouth. We watch as the cock slid in deeper and deeper until we could see the head bulging her cheeks and throat. Rolf raised his head and pulled her hips down until he could reach her with his tongue. As we watched her tiny pink puckered ring contract and relax, she reached the base of his cock with her lips and began sucking stronger. She pulled completely off his cock to view it when she saw it throb and barely had time to open her mouth again before the first jet spurted from the tip of his cock. She moaned as the hot liquid hit her outstretched tongue and then the view was gone as she plunged down the shaft again, sucking furiously but not swallowing. When the pulsations ceased, she rolled over on her back and opening her mouth, stuck out her cum-covered tongue. Her mouth closed and she swallowed several time before she showed us a clean pink tongue.

You remarked that it was getting late but it seemed that Fritz had been overlooked. You told him that he needed to see if he could make my cock hard even if I couldn't cum again this soon. I was pushed into the middle of the bed and you snuggled up on my left side while Inga chose the right side. As I felt a breast pressed into each side of my chest and hands begin stroking my chest and stomach, Fritz rolled off the bed and then climbed back on at the foot and spread my legs apart. My cock began to stir as his hands slid up my thighs. The shaft began to stiffen and twitch as his tongue began to lick from the base to the head. When it began to rise, he captured the head in his mouth and then remarked that mine was larger than the other boys sucked. You told him to make an effort but to not scrape the member with his teeth. At first he only concentrated on the head and I began to let my hands stroke your and Inga's backs, extending my ministrations further down until my fingers found the beginnings of your globes. My cock was fully hard when my fingers traced paths between the butt cheeks. At the farthest I could reach, I touched the tight rings and began massaging each with my middle fingers. Fritz saw what I was doing and letting a little spit dribble down from my cock began to press a finger against my ass. I started humping my hips into his mouth and slid a finger into your ass and then the finger on the other hand into Inga's. As I felt both assholes clamp tight on my fingers, I let go and began to shoot what little cream I had left in my balls into the wet mouth engulfing my throbbing cock. When Fritz raised his head, a string of cum spanned the space between his lips and my shrinking cock. You reached down and broke it and then gathered the sticky fluid on my cock with your finger which you then offered to Inga who sucked it feverishly.
