 She was stuck.

Beth wasn't sure how exactly she got stuck--the station's training docks had a near infinite amount of settings and command prompts, and while she wasn't an expert on keycodes, she'd never had an issue before. All she had wanted was a simple yoga class on a simulated beach to destress from a grueling week, working twelve hour shifts down in the labs, putting out (sometimes literal) fires. She knew when she'd left earth almost a year ago, accepting the job as the sole chemist on the Terrenium, that it wouldn't be easy, but she was mentally, physically, and emotionally drained.

So when a port opened up in the far wall, swirling neon blue, she thought maybe she had to phase into a different room for whatever reason. Maybe the dock she chose was too small, or not well enough equipped, whatever--she just rolled her eyes, tossed her water bottle through, and bent over to follow it.

She was halfway through when she realized she was just in another empty, white-walled dock, and was about to back up when the port closed around her, stuck from the waist up in one room, waist down in another. There was a desk below her, leftover from someone else's simu, perfect height to lean her weight again.

"Hello?" she shouted, heart rate spiking as she realized she couldn't pull the rest of her body through. "Anybody? Help!"

Beth heard the telltale whoosh of a dock door opening for someone, but in front of her the room was still and empty. She felt cool air on her bare legs, and Beth started banging on the wall. The rooms were usually soundproof, but if she could hear them, then maybe--

"Hey!" she called out. "I'm stuck!"

"Oh my god"

"Holy shit."

Her face burned with an awful blush. She must've looked like an idiot with her ass and legs sticking out of the wall, but she wasn't exactly in a position to let pride get in her way. She banged her fist harder. "Hey, I got stuck, you have to open the port--"

Two large, warm hands were on her ass, searing through her spandex shorts, rubbing up across the curve so suddenly she let out a squeak.

A laugh. "Man, what are you doing?"

"It's just a simu, relax."

"I'm not a simulation!" Beth yelled, her entire body burning, but it didn't seem like they could hear her, the hands on her ass squeezing, a hum of satisfaction coming from whoever was doing it. She banged her fist against the wall hard enough to hurt. "Cut it out! Stop!"

"Hey, let me--"

A third hand slipped between her legs, huge and hot, rubbing her slowly through her shorts. His fingers pressed down in a swirl that made the scream die on Beth's lips, fluttering out in a soft moan. "N-no, don't touch me there!"

"Fuck, it feels so real." A firm slap to one of her ass cheeks, a chorus of laughs following it as Beth's back arched into the sting as much as she could with her middle still trapped. "Look at that fat ass jiggle--she likes it." Another slap, and even through the layers of fabric, it made her skin hot in a way that made her bite her bottom lip.

"The station's tech is crazy. Hey, move."

All of the hands disappeared, and Beth whimpered at the loss before fingers curled into the waistband of her shorts, tugging them down around her knees and exposing the polkadot panties that were on underneath.

"Cute," one of them said, and gripped the fabric in one hand, pulling the cotton taught between her cheeks, her pussy lips, and tugging them just right. Beth choked out a gasp at the feeling, firm enough to make her feet lift off the floor with each pull. "Aw, yeah, look at that."

"Please," Beth hissed, arms shaking against her weight as she fell forward, giving up on hitting the wall. Shame burned through her, hands clenched into fists at the thought of people exposing her like this, toying with her like this. "Don't."

He let her panties go, and she sighed, but the moment of relief was short lived as a hand was back between her legs, cupping her through her underwear. A fingertip teased, sliding up and down her slit, and Beth's hips wiggled on their own accord, seeking firmer friction. A chuckle, then, "Look how bad she wants it."

No, she didn't, she just--was so tired, and so lonely. She'd been on the station for close to a year at this point, and working in the most remote part of the ship with her bean sprout specimens with barely any human interaction made her body crave even the slightest touch. And there was nothing slight about these invisible hands on her. She pushed back as much as she could, small abortive rocks back and forth, trying to rub herself against the fingers between her legs.

"Is she trying to fuck herself on your hand?"

"She totally is!"

"I think she wants us to play with her."

The hand between her legs moved away, and Beth was about to start banging on the walls again when the hand came back in a swift slap against her aching pussy. "Ah!" burst out of her, blush burning like wildfire from her hairline to her chest. Her legs spread, back arched as much as her position would allow. The bun she'd knotted her hair into was starting to slip from its hold, errant strands falling in her face.

"Is that what you want?" the voice drawled. "You want someone to spank your lil pussy?"

"No," she moaned against the desk, mouth open against the cool wood surface, but it was a lie forced out of obligatory protest, so deeply ingrained in her after a lifetime of self-denial. She was a good farm girl, sunkissed blonde and sturdy, freckles standing out starkly in her white church dresses. Even when she went to college, then grad school. Even now, lightyears from earth, in the deepest caverns of dark space, she didn't want--couldn't want--things like this. Want anonymous hands all over her body, want to be called filthy names, to be spanked like this.

But they still couldn't hear her--so it didn't matter what she could or couldn't want. It was what they wanted, and they wanted to smack her pussy again, over and over again, the sting there but muted by the panties which were getting hotter and damper every time that hand came down against her. They couldn't hear her, so it didn't matter if she started panting and moaning, horrifically embarrassing noises spilling out of her. It didn't matter that hot tears were prickling in the corners of her eyes, slipping out.

"St-stop," she whimpered. "You assholes, just stop!"

"Watch this," someone said, and cupped her pussy, holding it there. It didn't move, didn't press, didn't smack, didn't stroke, and her sex throbbed in time with her rapid pulse. She couldn't help herself--she rocked down, trying to grind herself against the heel of his hand.

"Look at her, trying to fuck herself on you."

"Yeah, that's right baby, hump that hand."

"Such a fucking slut!"

"Let me--" and then her panties were being pulled off, meeting the shorts still trapped around her ankles. Someone bent down and stretched them off around her white sneakers. "She's fuckin' dripping wet."

"Mmf," Beth let out around a bit lip, trembling in anticipation for hands to be back on her, for another slap. Fingers stroked at her inner thighs, deceptively soft, and thumbs fit against the crease between her ass and thighs, spreading her. Beth beat a fist against the desk, head dropping, only to whip back up at a swift smack to the back of her leg.

Laughter. She swallowed, blush somehow managing to get worse, but it wasn't enough to make her stop rocking back when someone slapped her other thigh, closer to where she wanted but still nowhere near. She needed to feel that hand on her bare pussy--needed the sting without cotton to dull it, needed someone to touch her like they owned her, fuck--

She heard the whir of the dock doors opening, more voices caught in casual conversation drifting in until it was cut off by a shocked, "What are you guys doing?"

"Look man, we just found it like this," someone closer to the wall said, defensive. 

Another voice, "Is it...a simu?"

"Obviously. Here." There was shuffling, a hand pressing against her aching, throbbing cunt. "Feel how wet."

"Holy hell."

"She likes having her pussy spanked--watch."

The flat of a hand slapping right against her exposed, wet sex made the most obscene sound, and Beth cried out, squeezing her tits through her sports bra. Then again, and again, and again he smacked her pussy, each one harder, more precise, and Beth felt like she was about to lose her mind when he finally pulled away.

He said. "See?"

"Fuck, that's hot."

"You think docks have...?"

There was a beeping sound, keys being pressed, and then the whir of the dock producing whatever it had been commanded to. Beth felt herself holding her breath, not sure what was happening, what they had just mod'd, but whatever it was...it was trailing along her lower back, pliable but smooth and...

A snort. "Really? A crop?"

Her face, somehow, managed to blush deeper when she realized they meant a riding crop, like the ones they had back on the family farm. The ones the ranch hands used to hold in gloved hands, snapping against the rear of their quarter horses to make them go faster, and then faster still.

"Watch and learn, boys."

At first it was gentle--barely there taps against her ass and thighs. He pressed it right between her legs, not in a slap but in a teasing glide. Beth let out a choked off sound, shaking against the desk. 

When he finally snapped it enough to sting it was on the softest, most tender part of her inner thigh, making her whole body jump. The men beyond the wall started laughing again, deep and rumbling. Some of them grabbed at her ass during lulls of conversation, to make it jiggle, to spread her--whatever they felt like as they traded turns using the crop.

Tap, tap, tap right against her core, and oh, god, if it didn't make her gush, legs wider, pushing back, begging for it without ever having to say it with words. Smack! A little harder. Smack! Smack! Smack! Harder still, and Beth was panting and whimpering, trying to fuck back against the sensation until finally the crop came up hard enough to truly and thoroughly slap against her naked, dripping pussy. Then again, stinging bad enough to leave a burn, forcing the worst, most humiliating chest-deep sound to burst out of her.

"That's right, you fuckin' like that?"

Harder, the pain enough to make her legs instinctively clamp shut--suddenly there were hands on each of her thighs, two guys pulling them open again as a voice said, "Ah, ah, ah--don't even try."

The crop became merciless, right on her clit, burning and aching but fuck. She was moaning, and she was so turned on, and she was loving every awful second of it. She loved her legs being forced open, loved the leather of the crop hitting her over and over again, her screams to stop going ignored. These men--she wasn't sure how many, at least five, crowded around her, watching her and laughing at her as she tried to twist free. 

"Shit, look at her."

"Mmm, fuck. Bright red."

A hand rubbed over her cunt, pain subsiding as he rubbed in slow, languid circles. He said, "I think that's enough, right? I think she's earned a little relief."

She felt them shift behind her, the two dropping her legs and letting her feet touch the floor, and sighed, senses coming back to her. It was all over, a crisp snap of shame making her throat tighten when two hands came up, squeezing around her thighs, shifting her up slightly so that just her toes were against the tiles. She frowned, not sure what was happening until she felt hot breath, a mouth sliding just barely against her pussy in a gentle, wet press. Beth's body jerked, and the hands on her tightened their grip.

"Are you gonna kiss it or are you gonna fuckin' eat her out?" a voice further away asked. Beth's heart hammered against her chest; she had only had two serious boyfriends in her life, and she'd never had the courage to even think about asking either of them do that. The mere idea of a man so close to her most private place, let alone putting his mouth there--no, no, absolutely not! She started trying to squirm and kick, but he held her firmly in place.

Beth felt the hum of a laugh. "Don't fight it, baby, you'll like it."

Then the tip of a tongue traced up and down her slit, just flickering against her clit so sweetly. She hissed, "Oh, fuck! Fuck!"

He lapped at her wetly, between broad rough strokes and gentler flickering ones, all of which had her legs shaking, knees trying to buckle around him as his lips slurped at her pussy, greedy and sloppy. She barely registered the finger sliding inside of her, one knuckle at a time, then another, fucking her in time with his tongue so good she was pressing back, desperate for more. 

"Move," someone else said, sliding in next to the first guy, pushing her thigh up to rest on his shoulder.

The mouth murmured against her, "Not a chance."

"Then you gotta fucking share."

The first guy didn't respond, just went back to devouring her, but suddenly it wasn't just him--there was another mouth, another tongue, eating her out alongside the first, the two swirling in a deliciously wet fuck. She could see it in her mind, two guys between her legs, licking at her like dogs, tongues and lips touching, kissing. Beth felt like she was about to burst out of her skin when the second guy took over, sucking at her clit so perfectly as someone fingered her harder and said, "Fuckin' yeah--make her come."

She shook apart, coming so hard she thought she might start crying, hips trying to hump the face pressed into her pussy, clenching around the fingers inside of her. It rolled through her entire body, nerve endings curling in pleasure, air knocked out of in in a high pitched whine. The arms braced against the desk below her gave out, forehead against the surface as she trembled from the aftershocks.

"That's right, baby," one of them said, and the mouth still lapping at her was replaced by another sharp spank. Beth jumped, so oversensitive, and they all laughed, someone giving her pussy another spank just because. "Such a slutty fucking pussy--look at it."

"If this thing's got crops, I bet it's got other stuff, too!"

There were keys being pressed, gentle beeps and the whirring sound of the dock producing whatever was mod'd. There was a clatter of excitement, voices all talking over each other, but then the hands were back on her legs, pulling them apart.

"No," Beth tried to scream. She hit her hand against the wall again. "No, stop, I'm--"

There was a buzzing sound that made her heart stop, the blunt tip of something rubbery touching her slit. It was moving on its own accord in methodical circles, and when whoever was holding it pressed it inside of her, she could feel it rotating. Beth shook, shouting at the stretch as the boys on the other side of the wall all hooted and whistled.

"Dude, are you taking a video?"

"Fuck yeah I'm taking a video--look at her!"

"Wait, let me--"

It took her a second to register the second buzzing sound, the hands holding her legs shifting her higher so someone could side under her and press a small, high frequency vibrator right against her clit. Beth screamed, trying to thrash and kick, but she was held firmly in place. Her hands scrambled for the edge of the desk, gripping as tightly as the vibrator inside of her hit her so good and so deep, coming again.

They didn't stop. Even as her entire body shook, a hand kept one vibrator steady on her clit, another fucking her mercilessly with the second. It felt like every atom in her body had been peeled back, raw and trembling as she shouted and moaned, throat burning as badly as her eyes, tears streaking down her face as she came again, and again, and again.

"Stop pl-please!" she screamed, hoarse. "I can't fucking take it anymore, I can't fucking coME--"

They pressed a second tiny vibrator against her clit, two going at once, and Beth's eyes rolled back in her head, the sounds she was making no longer human.

She barely even noticed that a thick finger had slipped into her ass, slick with lube, a torturously slow rhythm compared to the brutal one the toy in her pussy kept. Beth's mouth hung open, tongue sticking out, panting like a dog--she wished so badly she had a cock in front of her, wanted to feel the weight against her tongue, wanted to taste it, suck it, feel it fuck her throat, feel her jaw ache, someone's hand fisted in her hair. Good girl, she imagined him saying. Good lil cocksucker.

She slapped her hands uselessly at the wall surrounding her middle--let her go back, let her see the men fucking her, toying with her, making her come; let her suck them, let them tear her top off and grab her tits, fuck her, come on her and in her, let them see how desperate she was--

The fingers in her ass pulled out, breaking her from her cockhungry daze, the tip of another toy pressing inside so, so slowly. The toy in her pussy stilled, a voice going, "Yeah, make her fucking take it."

Beth's breath caught in a whine as the toy moved in an inch, then pulled out, shallow and slow before plunging in a little deeper, over and over again until her hole was stretched around what felt like a huge dildo. She dropped her face against the desk, mouthing at the wood, feeling so well fucked, feeling so full, finally, finally this is what she'd always wanted. What she'd always been too afraid to let herself have, settling for shy courting, for fumbling sex under covers in the dark with simple self-satisfied guys who couldn't find her clit half the time. 

Now her pussy was full, and her ass was full, and someone was spanking her hypersensitive clit again as her legs twitched against whoever was holding them. Then the vibrators were back, and Beth couldn't think, couldn't breathe as both toys started fucking her. She slid her middle and ring fingers into her mouth, sucking and slurping at them like they were a cock she could worship. Another orgasm ripped through her, verging on painful as she drooled and cried against the desk.

"Stop," a voice said, and then her pussy and ass gasped at loss of both toys, and the vibrators against her clit fell away in such bitter sweet relief. The two people holding her legs let go, and she sagged, unable to hold herself up.

Beth struggled up onto her elbows, muscles shaking, ponytail having fallen out of her hair, cool senses started to return to her when she froze. The hot tip of his bare cock slid up and down her slit, teasing, and she reflexively pushed back, despite having already been fucked to the brink of unconsciousness--or maybe it was because of that. Her instincts had been stripped to her most base desires; to be full, to be fucked, to be spanked and tormented and forced to come over and over again like a dirty, slutty fuckdoll.

Possessive hands curled around her hips as his cock slid inside of her. She hissed--he was bigger than the vibrator, was bigger than the only two men she had ever slept with, bigger than the toys she kept in her bedside table. He was big and hot and twitching inside of her pussy, her eyes rolling back again because she never wanted it to end.

"Feel good?"

"So fucking real," the guy said, voice so close to the wall. "Shit."

He started fucking her, building up to a brutal pace, his pelvis clapping against her ass over and over again. Beth fell back flush against the desk, hands gripping the edge, body moving with each thrust. The sports bra she had on--the only top she was wearing--started to bunch up from friction, her tits rubbing against the wood surface, slick with her sweat, tears, and spit.

He came with a groan, hips stuttering into shorter, less powerful thrusts, spilling hot inside of her. Beth let out panting breaths, body relaxing after he pulled out, only to yelp and tense as someone else pushed inside her, spanking her ass hard enough to well and truly hurt.
