 Erik opened his eyes slowly but woke up quickly. Anne was standing in front of him, her hands on her hips, now dressed in a nightgown.

"What happened last night? Kate is mad, she wants us to get our own room."

He sat up on the lumpy couch and stared at her. "My appointment ran late. I guess I woke her up and she got pissy. It got worse after you woke up and came out...undressed. She'll get a rude awakening when she tries to get a new room.

She can deal with her problem or she can get fucked. I Don't CARE."

He stood up and tossed the blanket aside. Scratching and working out links in his back he headed toward the bathroom.

"That's part of the problem. She wants to get fucked." Anne said to his back.

He stopped and glanced at the time on the clock. "Seven fucking AM? Why are we up? The Louvre opens at 9:30! There's a whole city full of horny French guys who will stick their dicks in anything, including each other. Tell her to take her pick." He went into the bathroom and closed the door. As he stood peeing, Anne burst in the door.

"Look, we agree---Oh My God!---"

Erik looked over his shoulder. She had her back to him and was staring at the ceiling.

"We agreed to---I mean, she and I agreed to...well... share you tonight. It was supposed to be something special. It's just that...well...I---"

"And I wasn't supposed to have a say in any of this?" Erik gave himself a shake and put his cock back in his boxers. Flushing, he turned to look at the back of her head. "I'm supposed to be so impressed by the opportunity of a threesome with a couple of cheerleaders that there's no way I wouldn't jump when you snapped your fingers, eh?"

"It's not like that! We just thought...well we were drinking margaritas and.... Okay, so we didn't think about what you might want."

"You thought that all guys are pigs with perpetual hard-ons who will do whatever they're told if you offer them your sexy bodies." He snapped. Flushing the toilet he stepped out and turned out the light, leaving her staring at a dark ceiling. "I'm NOT a jock. I have enough brains to decide for myself who my lover will or won't be. But right now I'm going to try to get another hour's sleep. Try to keep the noise down."

As he settled himself back on the couch she stood looking at his back once again. Their trip was falling apart and it was only the first day. Kate was her best friend. Neither of them knew Erik. He was a teaching assistant and not even from their section. Maybe they should get their own rooms but she didn't want to just give in to Kate. She liked sleeping with her but wanted to expand her knowledge of men. One thing she knew, from having walked in while he was peeing, Erik was well hung. And he thought she was sexy.

"You think I have a sexy body?" she asked his back. 

For a moment she thought he was already asleep. Then in a burst of motion he flung off the blanket and was standing in front of her.

"You're an art major. You've done nude studies, right?"

She nodded mutely. He took her by the arm and led her to the small dining area in the suite. Leading around the table he positioned her in the corner, in front of the two floor to ceiling mirrors.

Standing behind her he flicked on the nearby light switch. "I give you the human female form. No! Don't look at me. Look at this body. It's as near perfect as any I've ever seen. Look at this body the way you would one of your models."

He gathered the slack in her dressing gown to her back. The front and sides fit her like a satin second skin. His fingers of his free hand traced the path as he described her body to her as no man ever had. Everywhere he touched her skin tingled and the hair stood on end as if electrically charged. 

"Delicate neckline, smooth skin, flawless. Sweeping to the lightly muscled shoulders. Well rounded, as a woman's should be but not gone to the fat of inactivity. Arms firm, not muscular like a farm hand, or flabby with age, but fit, perfect. The curves of the torso, gentle and sweeping, a perfect hourglass, bone structure is evident by the firmness but not protruding from starvation or hidden 

under extra body fat. The hips, again well rounded. Not bony. Not fat. Directly proportional to the chest and bust. Legs long and muscular, but not a body builder's legs. A swimmer's legs. As near a perfect body as you will ever find. Do you want to hear more?"

Standing half behind her as he gave her a virtual tour of her own body Erik waited for an answer he was unlikely to get. Anne was staring at where his hand had come to rest on her hip. Beside her reflection was his own and, unhidden by the boxers he had been sleeping in, she saw the evidence of his arousal. His pants were tented out till they pushed the waistband away from his belly. As she stared, she noticed a small circle of moisture growing at the end of his cock.

His hand left her hip and returned slowly to her shoulder. Her eyes followed the reflection of his hand until she found herself staring into his eyes. 

The reflected eyes waited for an answer until she smiled shyly.

His eyes returned her smile, as did the rest of his face. He gave the smallest of nods accepting her smile as permission to continue.

Gently his hands eased the nightgown off her shoulders and slid it lower and lower. His eyes were still locked on hers as the gown began to ride down the swell of her breasts. 

As more of her cleavage appeared, Anne bit her lower lip. She felt the heat spreading through her loins. How far is he going to take this, she wondered. 

She felt her nipples hardening as the gown slid over them. As they appeared above the gown they were firm and long, her arousal not in question.

The gown continued down exposing her ribs, her belly button. As the gown reached her hips and the first traces of pubic hair appeared Anne held her breath and clinched her fists.

Erik continued to lower the gown, kneeling to lower it past mid-thigh. Waiting with the gown wadded in his hands he looked up at her reflection without speaking. She seemed to understand and stepped out of her discarded sleepwear. He tossed the garment aside and took hold of her hands, gently opening them from fists and pressing them back to her sides.

"Continuing on. The breasts firm, upright, self-supporting, half grapefruit size, identical in size and shape, perfectly centered and high on the chest. 

Nipples erect, longer than normal. Areolas perfectly proportional to the breast size." 

Erik's hands continued brushing over each feature as he described her body to her. "Breath Anne." He instructed, "Belly perfectly shaped and smooth, no wrinkles, no flaws. Belly button perfectly round, an inny, not too deep. Pudendum or mons venus has a gentle curve and light hair matching the color on your head. Your labia majoris appear a little enflamed. Your labia minora are well shaped and beginning to protrude showing a very delicate shade of pink."

Erik knelt beside her again as he described her mons. She watched as his feather light touch identified the parts he could see. Her knees almost buckled.

Suddenly her eyes widened in shock and embarrassment. A single pearly drop of her excitement escaped to run down her leg. With his face close to her hip as he stared at her pussy in the mirror, it did not escape Erik's notice.

Rather than the feather touch, this time he used two fingers as a scoop.

He captured the drop of her passion and after inhaling her musk slid the fingers into his mouth.

Standing he gently took her arm and turned her to look him in the eye.

"You've been trained as an artist. You have the eye. I've seen your drawings.

Is this body sexy?"

"Yes." She said quietly. Reaching up she touched his mouth. "You tasted me."

"Yes." He answered just as quietly.

She copied his feather light touch, her hand trailing down his lightly haired chest. His boxer shorts were still pulled away from his body by his hard-on. The wet spot was still growing. She slid her fingers into that gap and touched the head. Her fingers collected a sample of his cum, pulling her hand out she copied him and slid the fingers into her mouth.

"That's not part of the art lesson." Erik told her. 

Pulling her fingers from her mouth she smiled and reached for him. "I don't want to wait for Kate. I want to attack you now." She leaned forward and began to gently kiss him despite the word 'attack'.

Erik tangled both hands in her hair and kissed her forcefully, nipping her lips with his teeth and sliding his tongue into her mouth. Her nipples pushed into his chest as he pulled her close raising the question of who was being attacked.

Her hands slid down his chest. She wondered how he kept his body this tight. He wasn't a jock and most art majors were either very skinny or went to fat.

She hooked her thumbs in the sides of his shorts and pulled them down. Once past his cock they slid down his legs and his cock sprung free slapped wetly against her belly.

Erik stepped out of his shorts and guided Anne the two feet to the small dining table. Releasing her hair he lifted her and set her on the edge. He devoured her mouth once again then kissed his way down her chest and inhaled her breast.

His lips and tongue circled one hard nipple then the other. 

Anne put her hands on the back of his head holding him tightly to her breasts.

She felt his right hand spread her thighs. He slid inward till he found the center of her heat. His fingers spread her moisture upwards onto her clit. He rubbed it slowly feeling her arch her back in response, pressing herself more firmly into his fingers. His left hand hooked her thigh and pulled it outwards, spreading her pussy wider. He gathered more moisture from her slit and spread it over her clit again. This time he gently pinched her clit between his thumb and finger. 

"Oh my god!" she yelled as he rolled the small bundle of nerves between fingers.

She pressed down on the back of his head. "Please Erik!"

He needed no other urging. Pushing Anne prone on the table he lifted her legs and buried his face between them. The light tuft of hair tickled his nose as his tongue teased her clit with slow circles. She grabbed his hair trying to force his head tighter against her. He smiled as he withdrew from her clit altogether and followed the path of her slit to her flowing hole. He was determined to control the speed of her orgasm as he resisted both the hands in his hair and the legs locked behind his back. He bathed her entire slit again and again moving mercilessly from her hole to her clit.

"Please, please let me cum!"

He smiled again as he slid his hand up her ass cheek, soaked in her juices and his saliva. It was time to see if the rumors were true. The story in the hallways was that Anne was a virgin. Erik hadn't had a virgin since high school and doubted he would get another chance. His tongue danced over her clit again making her squeal and moan as his finger began to enter her. 

Quarter inch, half inch, stop. His finger found the barrier that no man had gone beyond.

Raising his head he looked at Anne across the tableau of her open pussy and beautiful tits. "I'm not going to let you cum on my face this time Anne."

She let go of his head and reached for her clit but Erik grabbed her wrist and stopped her. "Please! I need to cum. I'm so close!"

"Not on my face. Not this time. But I will let you cum on my cock. You're wet. You're ready. May I fuck you?"

"Yes, damn it. Fucking get your cock in me and make me cum!"

Erik wasted no time in positioning his cock at her opening. She continued trying to finger her clit but he took both her hands and pinned them above her head. Holding them there with his left hand he rubbed the thumb of his right over her clit continuing her stimulation. She flexed her hips as he eased forward with his cock. The head, barely inside, was pressed against her hymen. He rolled her clit between thumb and finger again to distract her as he thrust into her. He continued to rub her clit while he slowly entered her body, each thrust taking him deeper. He released her hands and began tweaking her hard nipples.

"Play with your nipples." he told her. She obeyed, squeezing and pulling on the erect buds.

He used his free hand to grasp her thigh as he increased the speed and depth of his thrusts. He was all the way in her tight sheath and concentrating on not cumming until after she had. It was difficult. She was tight. So tight. 

He continued to piston in and out of her as he heard her moans increase in speed and pitch. He knew she was close and began to relax the control of his own orgasm. He saw her stop the slow rhythmic twisting on her nipples and give them a long firm pull as she arched her back. She uttered not a sound as the orgasm convulsed her body.

Three more thrusts and he buried himself in her and released his load into her depths. He pulled his softening cock out of her and watched as their combined juices tinged with blood, ran out and down the crack of her ass. He was surprised he had that much of a load left in him after last night.

He gently rubbed her belly, looking down on her sated and sweaty face. "Are you okay? It didn't hurt too much?"

She smiled and grabbed his arm, pulling herself to a sitting position. "God, that was wonderful! It didn't hurt anything like what I thought it would. I've had worse paper cuts. Oh god, look at the mess though! We've got to clean this up!"

Erik smiled. "Don't worry. This is Paris. I guarantee this is not the first time this table has been used for this purpose. Come on, let's take a shower before Kate gets back."

Helping her off the table he led her into the bedroom and the shower. After the water started to run the suite door opened and Kate stepped out, closing the door behind her.

~~~

Erik was tying his shoes when Kate returned. "Are you calmed down any?"

"I suppose. Answer me one question though. Where did you get $4000?"

"It wasn't $4000. It was $2200. I booked early. So you staying or did you find a room Kate?"

"You were right. I couldn't get a cardboard box under a bridge for what we can pay. Go ahead and say it."

"No need. You two coming to the Louvre?"

"I want to. What did Anne say?"

"Didn't ask. Too busy trying to figure out how to remove the corncob."

"What corn... Very funny. I'll go ask her."

Erik was gathering his supplies and camera when the girls appeared.

"Yes, we're coming. And no cracks about always waiting on women." Anne chirped rushing in and grabbing art supplies and camera.

"Haven't got the energy to crack wise, too short a night." Erik replied.

"More like too busy a morning." Kate muttered, earning her a funny look from Anne.

Erik led the girls out the door making sure they both had keys and all supplies.

He led part of the tour though the Louvre before they split up to sketch and photograph. When they met for lunch Kate was practically dragging Anne.

"Come on slowpoke." Kate teased.

"Just chill! I'm a little sore today. We walked farther than I thought yesterday."

"Walking? Yeah that causes that kind of stiffness. You betcha." Kate teased again. 

Again, Anne gave her a funny look. As they seated themselves she whispered to Erik. "I think she knows."

"Of course I know! Do I look stupid?"

"We didn't say that." Anne retorted. "But how did you know? We were trying to be discreet."

"Well, the rooms smelled of sex. Both of you still had wet hair."

"And?" Erik continued for her.

"And what?" Kate challenged.

"Finish the story." He looked calmly at Kate across the table.

She opened her mouth do deny it then smiled. "And I walked in on you two in the middle. How did you know?" She was ready to roll on the floor at Anne's embarrassment.

"I saw you. Did we last long enough for you to finish?" Erik asked her.

"I... No. I had to go finish downstairs in the lobby restroom."

Anne gasped. "I can't believe you stood there and diddled while we, well while we..."

"Fucked." Erik finished for her. "You both need to relax for fuck sake. This is Europe. It's one big damn Vegas! What happens here stays here! Now, are you going to chill out and quit trying to run Anne's legs off hours after she, uh, had some, uh, minor internal surgery?"

"Minor? Minor? Did you forget I watched? That," she said pointing to Erick's lap was not minor!"

Erik thought about it a moment while Anne fought off a case of the giggles. 

"Thank you, I think."

"You're welcome. So I guess now I'm on the couch since you two hooked up?"

"Oh no!" Anne interjected. "Not tonight you're not. Between his 'minor surgery' and you sprinting thru the Louvre, I'm taking the couch!"

"And what did I tell you this morning about making assumptions Anne?" Erik said.

"What you're going to stay on the couch and leave Kate...without? She'll end up in the arms of some Frenchman who's had his cock lord knows where!"

"Hey!" Kate objected as Erik chuckled. 

"She's not making fun of you Kate. She's picking on me for something I said this morning."

" How could what she said be considered picking on you?" Kate demanded.

"She said you were in the mood to be...well in the mood, and I told her we were in a city full of Frenchman happy to stick it to anything including each other."

"Well aren't we just a little cynical?" Kate asked.

"You try being polite twenty seconds after waking up from four hours of sleep."

"Well, Okay. So how are we going to work this tonight?" Anne said stopping the argument.

"I have a suggestion if you're interested?" Erik answered. The girls glanced at one another for agreement before nodding to Erik. "We are all a little tired and jet lagged. Let's finish our current sketches, and call it a day. I'll go take a nap. You two go do some shopping. We meet up for dinner and let the evening take care of itself. Acceptable?"

The girls smiled before Erik continued. "If you think you can stay busy till at least five o'clock, I'll even spring for a thousand Francs. Depending on where you go that may only get you a pair of nylons but that's up to you."

"Done." Kate answered before he could reconsider.

As they left the museum headed for the Champs-Elysées Anne scolded her friend. "A thousand Francs isn't all that much you know. It's not even a hundred bucks."

Kate smiled at her. "He's giving us a hundred bucks so he'll have enough energy to fuck us silly tonight. Where's the downside?"

The two girls shopped at clothing boutiques on and off the Champs-Elysées comparing prices and not buying till they were sure they had the best bargain they were going to get. When they met Erik for dinner they were so burdened by bags that he hung his head in surrender.

"Me and my bright ideas. We're going to need a bigger suite."

"What?" Kate taunted him, smiling. "You suggested we go shopping."

"The women of France will be naked this year due to the shopping trip of a pair of American cheerleaders. Film at eleven."

"Oh, get over it and grab some of these bags!" Anne ordered. "You're buying dinner right, Erik?"

"Dinner? I bought all this!"

"Not even close, mister. So where are we going?"

Erik lead them a block away to a small, elegant restaurant. As the trio entered, the matri d' muttered "Mon Dieu!" Erik answered simply. "Oui."

The bags were all arranged in the coatroom and they were seated for a sumptuous dinner with two bottles of wine. Erik paid. When the taxi arrived to take them to the hotel, the cabbies eyes bugged and he muttered "Mon Dieu." The girls giggled. They were able to get the entire load in one cab by filling the trunk, filling the girl's laps in back and Erik's lap in front. 

Finally safe in the hotel room Erik delivered the packages to the bedroom and sprawled out on the couch. He enjoyed his bourbon but the wine had gone straight to his head.
