 "No. I wouldn't mind at all!" I answered, still not believing the openness of this couple. 

Suzy practically shouted "GREAT! I'll give you our address so you can run home to change if you want. Just don't take too long, or we might have to start without you!" As she said this she wrote her address on a piece of paper she'd grabbed from the glove box.

I promised I wouldn't be too long at all and got out to go over to my own car. She blew me a kiss as they pulled away and I just shook my head in disbelief. When I got in the car I looked at the address and saw it was in one of the better parts of town and also contained their phone number. I hurried home and managed to get there without killing anyone. I had to keep smelling my fingers to make sure all this was real. (Hey, it sure beat pinching myself!) 

Once at home I jumped in the shower to freshen up. I resisted the urge to bring myself off even though my cock had been hard and begging for release all day. Somehow I knew I should save it up. I still could not believe how this day had turned out. I was pretty sure I knew what these two free spirited people were up to. I'd known some women in my time who loved to take on more than one guy at a time. But none of them were married! 

I had heard of couples like this. Mostly from stories in penthouse forum. Although I did remember a couple who used to frequent a bar I went to. The word was that they were into sharing, but I always steered clear of them, as he supposedly just liked to watch and jackoff. And while she was very hot and I wouldn't have minded taking a turn with her, he always seemed queer to me and I had to wonder who he was turned on by as he got off.

But now I had the real deal waiting for me and I hurriedly threw on a pair of shorts and tee shirt. Her voice telling me to hurry or they would start without me rang in my head as I tied my shoes. I also had visions of her inner thigh as her husband caressed it. That mental picture was mixed up with memories of her legs and ass at the sandwich shop, the way she licked her pouty lips, that hint of perfume, the way her face glowed and her eyes shone when she was being bad. The way she screamed and thrashed as she climaxed.

A car horn brought me back to reality and I was shocked to see I'd just run a stop sign by my house. I knew the guy in the other car and he yelled "What the fuck Dave? Are you drunk already?!" I waved an apology and continued on my way. I didn't even remember leaving my damn apartment! I guess I was drunk in a way. I was drunk with lust. I vowed to pay more attention to the road or I might miss out on a really great night!

I finally found their house. I had stopped and grabbed a few six-packs of long necks on the way, fighting off some invitations from my friends to have a beer or nine with them. I think they figured out that I had a hot one lined up for tonight. As I left they made the required lewd remarks. If they only knew! I had made a wrong turn or two as I wasn't that familiar with this section of the suburbs. If their car hinted that they might be well off, this house confirmed it. The thing that struck me most was the glimpse of privacy fence at the side of the house that seemed to extend around to the back. The neighbor's houses were a good distance away too. I remembered her comment about swimming and a vision of her body dripping wet sprung into my mind. 

I parked my car behind theirs in the driveway and couldn't help but notice how out of place it looked here. It fit right in, in my neighborhood. I reminded myself that I wasn't here to compare vehicles and made my way to the front door. As I rang the bell I felt exactly as I had when I'd exited work that day. I was filled with a mixture of fear, anticipation, uncertainty and nervous lust.

After a moment the door opened and my jaw dropped to my chest. I thought she'd been hot in her dress today but the sight that I was greeted with when the door opened was something else altogether. I heard her scolding my tardiness again as I took in the view before me. She was wearing a pair of cutoff jeans. They were what we used to call Daisy Dukes. Named for the shorts that Katherine Bach used to wear on the Dukes of Hazzard show. Only as good as Katherine looked on TV. These were better. For one thing they were cut way shorter than "Daisy's". As a matter of fact they would not have been acceptable on network television. They actually went up around her hips like a pair of French cut panties. The crotch of these shorts was no more than an inch of denim that was puffed out as it tried to contain her sex. The button of these skimpy shorts hung so low as to almost reveal her pubes.

Her top was just as bad (or good, depending on how you look at it!) It was an old Rolling Stones tee shirt that had been cut short to reveal her entire belly. As a matter of fact the bottom simply dangled off her breasts which were now free of any confining bra. They seemed to stand out quite well on their own and looked just as firm and lovely as earlier today. Actually they looked much better since now her puffy nipples were in plain sight. Since the shirt had obviously been through the wash so many times it was practically see-through, they were plainly visible. The neck of the shirt had been cut completely away and had a large vee that showed her cleavage. The sleeves had been cut-off and some extra material had been removed as well to show off the sides of her tits. All in all, there wasn't much left of the old Stones shirt. I couldn't help but think that Mick and the boys would defiantly approve!

Her scolding had ended and I heard the tinkle of her giggle again as she asked "So, you like my outfit?" She spun around like a model and I saw the entire bottom of her luscious ass before she turned to face me again. I could only stare as she giggled again. My eyes traveled hungrily up her perfect body until they reached her face. It was now totally devoid of make-up and looked even better this way. She did look more her age without her make-up but she looked natural, fresher. Although it was slightly flushed as if she had run for the door when the bell rang. Or were her and Bill up to something when I got here? She had warned me that they'd start without me. I knew her well enough by now to know she wasn't blushing from my ogling her.

Bill came into the foyer and put his arms lovingly around his wife from behind. His hands went to her flat stomach and she seemed to melt into his touch. "Hey Dave!" He said comfortably. Then into her ear he asked "Honey, are you going to keep our guest waiting outside or are you going to ask him in?"

"I don't know baby, he seems content where he is for now. Either that or he's paralyzed!" She sang happily. "Are you o.k. Dave? Do you wanna come in?" She asked sarcastically.

I literally shook my head to clear it and smiled at Bill "Both I guess. That's some woman you have there, Bill." Then I returned her smile and said "I'd love to come in." They stood aside to let me in and closed the door behind me. 

The sound of the door closing brought with it the thought that this was real. That these two had actually invited me into their home for the purpose of carnal fun. This idea was confirmed by Suzy slipping an arm around both Bill and I and leading us both into the living room. "What a lucky girl I am!" She said in that sweet voice of hers "I have TWO good looking guys to keep me company on a Friday night. Gee I hope I can find a way to entertain them both." She added as if to herself.

Bill chuckled and I commented that she should have no problem with that. She thanked me as we made our way to the back patio. SShe told me again how sweet I was and reminded me of what she'd have to do if I kept that up! I'm sure I turned beat red at the thought and assured her I remembered.

My suspicion about the privacy fence was confirmed as we exited the back of the house. I couldn't see any of the neighbors houses at all. Which meant that the neighbors couldn't see us either. 

There was a gas grill with burgers on it and Bill went to it asking how I liked my burgers. I told him that medium was fine for me. He was wearing loose fitting gym shorts and I could tell he was semi-erect. I wondered again if they had indeed "started without me" or if that was just his natural state from living with such an enticing woman. I thought that either answer was possible. Probably both, I thought.

Suzy took my six-packs and after I'd grabbed a beer out of one she placed the rest in a fridge they had under the roofed section of the patio. I told her to grab one for herself and Bill if they wanted even though I saw they already had one each and there were a few empties already on the table. Suzy had to put my six-packs on the very bottom shelf of the fridge and of course bent at the waste to do so. She kept up a conversation with me the whole time about my not having to bring beer as they were always well stocked. The swell of her cunt was plainly visible in her shorts and more than half of her ass was exposed. I was sure she was talking to me in order to keep my attention on her. (As if I could look anywhere else!) I stared openly and when I heard Bill growl deep in his chest I looked over to see him watching her too. He gave me a wink and a smile before returning to his duties.

"Yep, that sure is some wife you have there, Bill!" I told him as we both shared the view of her sweet ass and puffy twat.

"Thank you Dave. She is something, isn't she?" He replied proudly as he started scooping burgers from the grill.

"Well, thank you guys. It's always nice to be noticed." Said Suzy as she pulled a bowl of some sort of salad from the fridge and placed it on the table. Her tits almost spilling out of her small top as she did so.

"I would imagine that you're noticed everywhere you go Darlin'" I said smiling at her. 

"Aww, you are so sweet! Always giving me compliments like that." She beamed "Isn't he sweet honey?"

"Yeah but he's right too. You are noticed all the time!" Bill added

"Ooh, I could just eat you both up. As a matter of fact, I think I will!" She stated firmly, her eyes now smoldering.

"Well, we have some food to eat first." Bill reminded her. "It will give us strength. And I have a feeling we'll all need it." He said grinning.

The conversations settled down again as we sat down to eat. Well, sort of. They asked me about myself and I told of my recent relocation back to town and explained my breakup with my ex. Suzy of course asked about our sex life and asked if I was getting any these days. She got me to admit to a few one night stands and even that I masturbate rather often. She said she found men masturbating very sexy. I replied that I found women masturbating very sexy as well and our eyes locked as if to promise each other a show later. 

I asked how they'd met and how long they'd been together. Bill explained that they had met in college in Pittsburgh. He had been taking courses to enable him to take over the family business. Suzy had been in some of his classes and there had been an immediate mutual attraction. After a few weeks of open flirting they had decided to go out on a date. Suzy took up the story from there, telling me how they had gone to dinner. Then they had started making out in front of the movie theatre while waiting for their movie to start and had decided to skip the show altogether. They had gone back to Bills dorm and fucked like bunnies.

Bill explained that they were so horny for each other that the first fuck had been very intense but extremely quick. As they lay recuperating they started to neck and fondle some more. He said that as he started to get hard again she had gone down on him and at that point in his life he'd never met a girl who would suck a cock with her own cum on it. Suzy smiled, reminiscing as he told the story of how after she got him completely hard she had mounted him and they started a slow sensuous fuck with lots of fondling and dirty talk.

As they were in the heat of it, picking up momentum, Bills roommate had come in early from his date and caught them. He said that they had paused for a second and then Suzy had leaned way back, showing off her tits. Looked the roommate right in the eye, licked her finger and started to work her clit. She tweaked a nipple with the other hand. She started to ride bill as she did this and told the roomy "We're fucking here. If you want to stay you have to lose your clothes!" The guy had practically run from the room. 

Suzy was smiling proudly as this story was told. She looked at me and said "We laughed so hard we couldn't fuck for ten minutes!"

"Yeah, but as we were sharing that laugh we were looking into each other's eyes." Bill interjected "That's when I knew for sure that I was in love with her." He had spoken to me but he was looking directly at her, and she at him. Their love for each other was quite obvious.

"I knew way before that." Suzy said, then added "I'll bet Dave would like to know about our.....openness in our relationship."

Bill smiled at me, saying "That's a good story too. It started out as a dare." He looked back at Suzy for a moment saying "I should have known better." He looked back and told me "She had already blown me on the incline plane."

"Mmm, Yeah, that was the first time I ever got the whole thing in my mouth." Suzy spoke up making eye contact with me again.

"And then there was the time we had fucked in the car during a tailgate party at the stadium." Bill added "We had three people watching us with thousands more around us who had no idea what was going on!"

Suzy picked up the story from there "We were at a party and the couple next to us on the couch were discussing blowjobs. The guy was telling his girlfriend that she could do it if she put her mind to it. She was saying that it was too big, her jaw got tired, waawaa. It was all a bunch of shit. She was just a prude and wouldn't admit it!"

"And of course Sue couldn't keep out of it!" Bill added.

"Well, I never liked that bitch anyway. She dressed and acted like she was the hottest thing on campus but I still say she was still a virgin on her wedding night!" Looking back to me she added "She was a stuck up cunt!"

"ANYWAY," Bill jumped in "Suzy told her, out of the blue, "Bullshit! If you cared for him at all, or if you liked cock as much as you claim, you could do it."

The girl, Brenda, had replied "Fuck you Sue. You haven't seen this thing. It's huge!"

"It doesn't matter. Hell that's even better!" Suzy countered "Think of it as a challenge. Watch his face for reactions and when you find stuff he likes, keep doing that. Take as much in your mouth as you can and work more in gradually. If your jaw gets tired lick his balls awhile. Just keep working at it."

"Sounds like your girl knows what she's talking about Bill" Brenda's boyfriend Sam had said.

"She does!" answered Bill

"I still say Sam's too big! There's no way even a big mouth like Sue could take all that in her mouth." Brenda practically shouted. As the conversation heated up, other people started to take notice. 

Bill replied "I'll bet she can do anything she puts her mind to."

"I wouldn't put it past her either." Chimed in Sue's friend Jill. Jill was used to her antics. She had also been one of the witnesses to the tailgate fuck, and was known to be a pretty horny chick too. 

"Neither would I" Added Bills roommate Bobby, blushing.

"Well Sue, what do you say? Wanna try it?" asked Sam

"Only If Bill say's its o.k." said Sue, looking at her lover. "Would you be mad? You know I love you, it's just to prove a point."

"I know you love me babe. And I love you too!" Bill answered "If you want to do this you can as long as you do it here where we can all see it and you come home with me tonight. If you run off with Big Cock Sam here I'll be mad."

Sue gave Bill a kiss and reassured him that she was his.

"I don't fucking believe you two." Screamed Brenda "You guys say you're in love, but people who're in love don't do shit like this!" 

Bill and Sue smiled at each other and Sue said "O.k. Sam. Whip that fucker out. Let's see what ya got!"

Sam Tossed Brenda from his lap and stood up as she screamed "What the fuck are you doing? DON'T YOU DARE!"

"You heard her babe, it's just to prove a point. If you watch, you could learn how it's done" Sam answered her innocently as he reached for his zipper.

"Sam if you pull that out we're done!" Brenda declared

Sam was beyond caring. He and Brenda hadn't been that great a couple anyway. Add to that the fact that she kept him horny all the time and never put out, he decided that a blowjob from the beautiful Sue and gaining his freedom was a win, win situation. "You do what you gotta do, babe." He told her as he pulled is cock out. 

Sue looked at Sam's cock and smiled. It was big but she knew she could handle it. It was not as big as Bill's, and she'd had bigger. She had been sitting on Bill's lap and as she shifted to face forward she could feel how hard he was. She looked back at him and wiggled her ass on his erection saying "I guess you're not mad, huh?" 

"Nope." Bill stated calmly. "I know how much you love doing this and how turned on it makes you and anything that turns you on is o.k. by me!"

Brenda was standing beside Sam and saying that if he loved her he wouldn't do this. She asked Bill how he could let this happen and got a shrug in return. She swore to Sam that she wasn't kidding, if he let this slut suck him off in front of all these people, they were through. She was the only person in the room of about 15 people who was saying anything. If it wasn't for the music the room would have been silent. Incidentally, Some Girls had been playing. The rest of the crowd had gathered around to see how this would play out.

Finally Sue told her "Brenda, if you spent half as much time pleasing your man as you do primping in front of a mirror, it never would have come to this." She wet her lips with her tongue and grabbed Sam's cock at the base, pointing it straight at herself.

Brenda was beat red with anger. She told Sam that this was his last chance. If this went any farther she would walk out that door and never talk to him again. Sue waited for his reply, giving him a look that asked if he was sure. Sam looked away from Sue's inviting lips and told her "No Brenda this is your last chance. If you want to take her place you can."

"BUT I CAN'T!" She squealed. Sam gave Sue a nod and she leaned forward and took half his hard cock straight into her mouth! There was a communal gasp from the crowd of spectators, a groan of relief from Sam, a moan of desire from Suzy and a shriek of horror, frustration and anger from Brenda.

As Sue started to bob her head on Sam's cock Brenda said, almost quietly, "I don't believe this is happening."

Sam looked at her and said ""I told you it could be done."

She went back to screaming "I FUCKING HATE YOU! I HATE YOU BOTH! AND I HATE YOU TOO, BILL!" She was headed for the door and hating everyone on the way. When she got to the door she told Sam,"DON'T EVER CALL ME AGAIN!"

When the door slammed behind her Sam said to nobody in particular "Don't worry, I won't." He reached out and ran his fingers in Suzy's hair as she ran her tongue down the side of his hard prick, across his balls and up the other side before sucking the head back into her mouth. Sam groaned again and said to Bill "I'M GOING TO GET ME A GIRL LIKE YOURS BILL!" 

Bill reached around and began massaging Suzy's tits. He pushed his erection harder into her ass and she pushed back while he told Sam "There are no other girls like mine Sam."

Behind the couch where Bill sat, a girl named Kelly started to rub her boyfriend, Joey's cock through his pants. "God that's so fucking hot!" She said. Joey apparently thought so too as he started rubbing Kelly's wet snatch through her shorts. Soon they were undressing each other and when they both were naked, Joey bent her over and she put her hands on the back of the couch near Bill's shoulders. When Joey entered her from behind she gasped into Bills ear "Oh yeah, Baby. Give it to me!" 
