 INTRODUCTION

If recent sex polls are to be believed, women fantasise about having sex with another girl more than they do about their existing partner, or indeed another guy. It seems men are not the only ones who have been harbouring desires to have their lady cavort naked in a sensual bi-girl tryst. Since the advent of the Luvved Up! 'E' Generation in the early 90's, more and more females it seems are exploring their own sexuality. We are becoming tuned into our feminine side and as the 'new' man was buried, the 'new' girl was born and boy are we keen and ready to experiment. If you have laboured at the thought of initiating your lady into a 'ménage a trios', the chances are it's already crossed her mind so perhaps it's time to ask her. 

Be warned though, with all this new found sexual freedom, you guys might actually find yourselves standing on the sidelines. The common perceived notion that it's the ladies who get jealous of partners during a threesome, turns out to be not entirely true. There seems to be a common delusion that men have conceived, nurtured and cherished over the years, when you have two girls in the bed they are there to please you. It's no wonder your girlfriend hasn't agreed. You see, she can have you at home any night of the week, so you'll probably figure very little into her fantasy. When she does get down to business with another girl you may suddenly find you are not the focus of her attentions, and like last years Christmas present, you are no longer her new toy. You may have been her Woody but the new girl is now a Buzz!

Imagine how you would feel watching your lady have sex with another guy. Although she may quite like the idea of a 'threesome', the word 'threesome' means exactly that. Only the most incredibly secure and assured of our species will entertain you having sex with another girl whilst she is left watching. The rest will find it hard to tame a furnace of jealousy and betrayal and you could find yourself single and back in the dating game. I can guarantee if your lady is going to first of all agree to allow another girl to join you, and secondly enjoy the experience with no after thoughts of jealousy or suspicion, she will only do it on her terms and you my friend are just along for the ride. If she feels you have the ulterior motive of expanding your own sexual conquests with your guest, rather than solely seeing her enjoy herself with another girl, you will not succeed in your conquest.

Does that mean we have double standards? Probably, after all you want to see us girls' play together a lot more than we necessarily want you to watch, so it is feasible that YOU could easily find yourself surplus to requirements. This is where you have to learn to play the game by our rules and master the art of subtle manipulation. If you allow us to indulge and control our fantasies in this unfamiliar territory, we'll probably enjoy it more and the chances are you will be rewarded with further experiences and opportunities. It's a Win-Win situation! If however we feel you will hijack the fantasy, hog all the limelight yourself, or worse, lavish too much attention elsewhere, you lose BIG TIME! After all, what's to stop us taking ourselves off and enjoying the experience alone, without you ever even knowing?

HOW OUR FUN BEGAN

My boyfriend and I had discussed the idea of indulging in a night of passion with another girl for ages before we finally decided we were secure enough together and ready to experiment. But once we admitted we both liked the idea and felt ready we actually started to look and talk in depth about the kind of girl we both might like and what sort of limits we would adhere to. Him with his Jordan (busty glamour model) obsession and me with my Nicole Kidman fantasy, we needed to find a compromise. All this activity fired up our already intensely steamy sex lives and I suddenly found myself becoming a massive tease. From trawling the Internet and describing in detail what kind of positions I'd like to try with each girl, to flirting with shop assistants and waitresses in his presence. I was in my element and he was in a constant state of arousal. Just the mere thought of me with another girl had my fella so fired up we'd collapse into bed for marathon sex sessions, with our 'pretend' friend.

I must confess it was a little embarrassing at first admitting exactly what I wanted from the experience, other than just to satisfy my bi-curiosity. It was like playing sexual dominos knocking down our inhibitions and it was amazing what else we discovered about each other. Taking a lot of advice from 'initiated' friends and establishing a few ground rules from the outset would hopefully help us both do what we had envisaged - have great sex with a sexy Jordon/Nicole hybrid, which should settle somewhere around 36DD - with little or no jealous aftermath. 

The conditions we settled on allowed me to choose the girl. He would watch and when and if I felt comfortable he could join in, if not, he would have his own private show and enough wanking fodder to keep him housebound for weeks. The girl I decided had to be a complete stranger as the last thing I wanted was to bump into them in the supermarket at a later point. Neither was I about to entertain the idea of drafting in a friend for the evening - a recipe for disaster. So we decided not to play in our own back yard but to travel and meet her in another town. The most important detail we both agreed on, was that the girl I chose was there to please us, and not the other way round. We were not about to pay to get her off, until she got us off first. This was probably the most expensive sex toy that money could buy and the prices these girls charge made even the hardened shopper in me nervous. I mean, it's not like you can send her back!

I spent ages looking for the right girl and I have to say that during this process I found myself fascinated and shocked by the variety of services on offer. Prices and services vary depending upon how far down the fetish chain you want to go and with what pedigree of lady. I figured that the higher the price and the more limited the service would at least offer some guarantee of classy entertainment for the evening.

As I'm blonde and my guy has dark hair, I finally triumphed on a cute 36C redhead. I really liked the idea of contrast but the girl also needed to meet some other important criteria. The last thing either of us wanted was to go down on some cheap 'Kings Cross' toothless alcho-whore. We wanted clean, discreet, easy-going eye candy and the search finally ended on the Internet with Cindy, a 29yr old experienced high-class Escort from a highbrow borough of London. The fact she offered neither anal or watersports clinched the deal for me, and looking nothing like Jordan was a welcome bonus. I contacted her agency who provided me with her mobile number and I nervously called her to make a booking. Cindy admitted it was a welcome change to be contacted by a female and was more than happy to 'meat' us. We made an arrangement for the following weekend. 

FINAL COUNTDOWN....

The next weekend we booked into an extravagant room in a top London Hotel. I spent the afternoon in Soho buying myself the most expensive French undies my boyfriends' wages would allow. I figured it was important for me to look and feel as sexy as possible and stunning lingerie is a definite confidence boost! Thankfully I was assured my boyfriends' g-string elephant pouch would not be making an appearance. At 9pm Hotel reception called up to say a 'young lady' had arrived and I asked them to send her up to our room. This was our 5 minute countdown to fantasy time! One last check of each others breath/feet/bits and we were ready for action. A few minutes later came a timid knock at the door and for the first time we met our evenings entertainment.....Sex Toy Cindy!

Make no mistake Cindy was certainly stunning. Deep red hair, bright green eyes and a gorgeous pert figure. I actually marvelled at my purchase. My guy played the gentleman and made us drinks as I sorted her payment and clarified some basic ground rules, most importantly, no sex between him and her without a condom. She opened her bag to show us a scary selection of toys and an array of 'role-play' outfits and asked if there was anything special we'd like her to wear. Knowing my boyfriends ridiculous kink for the French maid uniform I suggested that would be a good start and she headed off to the bathroom. Five minutes later she emerged in full fantasy regalia including frilly apron, crotch-less panties and tickling stick! Breaking the ice, my boyfriend sat back wide eyed in his chair and sleazily suggested Cindy might like to 'clean me'. Controlling my laughter and with a bemused look upon my face I found myself on the bed with her 'dusting' off my bra and knickers and my guy starting to visibly drool. 

After the initial embarrassment things started to improve and we made a natural progression as heads, hands, arms, legs and everything else entwined and we got down to business. I had never gone down on another girl, and although I was very curious I was also really apprehensive. How awkward would it be if I didn't like it or if she smelt or tasted bad? Or worse, what if her topiary skills were lacking and her garden overgrown? I started to see things from the male angle. I eventually gathered my nerve and pulled off her panties to find I needn't have worried, she had waxed and plucked to within an inch of her life. We manoeuvred into a 69 position so my drooling Voyeur could get a 'birds eye' view of my technique as she straddled my face. This was a defining moment between my boyfriend and I. Our eyes locked lovingly... he smiled encouragingly.....I hit the spot...and all hell broke loose! 

AND THEN THE SCREAMING STARTS....

A guttural scream erupted from Cindy and her thighs started to crush my head, along with my passion. My first thoughts were, how can she come so quickly, and how dare she before me? She is a professional and if anything I would expect her to be a lot less receptive, and besides, I had paid to come first. It turned out not only was she seriously NOISY but our girl was also a very nasty fuck who had mastered every line of the hardcore porn star phrase book. Our evening's entertainment could hit pitches and decibels that rival a Slayer gig and the filth that spewed from her mouth would have made me laugh, if only I could breathe. Every time I honed in on her she screamed and bucked so much I actually started to panic she would break my nose, or worse, I'd get cauliflower ears from the friction. My first girl on girl experience could see me emerging like a bruised Rugby scrum-half! I decided in this instance I'd risk it. She had satisfied so many other criteria and the fact I'd already paid her, persuaded me a few screams and some perverse commentary could be tolerated. So I closed my eyes and clung on for the duration. 

After such a workout of digging, swirling, flicking, stroking and sucking I had throbbing jaw ache and bruised cheeks. It was time for a change of scenery. I indicated that maybe my boyfriend would like to join her, and he intimated 'would he ever'. A quick change of position, a few banged heads, and I was on my back as they both probed together. Now this was an interesting scenario. I'd often wondered if the female touch could, as believed, surpass my boyfriend and I got my answer. Although precise, tender, and with a serious intention for finding sensitive areas, I can't say she delivered anything more impressive than my boyfriend does on a regular basis. When they went head to head, he had the Midas touch! 

I was still unsure about how far I could go with this before I got jealous twinges and the first of these surfaced during his two-girl blowjob. I love giving my guy head and have lovingly mastered my craft. Cindy was sincerely impressed with my technique but couldn't wait to deliver a few choice moves of her own. When she knelt before him, I felt the territorial bitch in me finally stir as I watched her swallow his entire length. Fuck! This girl could seriously deep throat and not only was it an impressive sight, it was causing impressive reactions from my guy! Although the act was keeping her very quiet, he now took up the challenge. I have to admit that after years of practice I still can't reach those last three inches, but hats off; Cindy took it with unnerving ease. At one point she even added one of his balls to her already gorged mouth. I was no longer territorial over him; I was envious of her talent, and begged to be shown her tricks. This was worth every penny. I'd always wanted to surpass the gag factor and here I was being given Deep Throat lessons from a serious Pro! 

After lavishing some serious attention on our male member, I was in desperate need of some good solid action. My boyfriend had expressed a long held desire to watch me go down on a girl whilst he took me from behind. This worked well until the screaming started again but this time aimed at him. Wails of "That's it! Yeah baby fuck her hard" reverberated around the room and I started to lose my composure and giggle. When she asked if I would use her strap-on on her I found myself eagerly agreeing just to have five minutes silence whilst she found it. Out of her bag came one of the biggest 'bully-boy' dildos I have ever seen! This thing was at least 13 inches in length, 3inches in diameter and weighed a ton. She helped me into a kind of harness and with both her hands lubed the giant Day-Glo pink jelly cock, now protruding from between my legs. I felt a sudden shudder at the thought of working this humungous beast inside her and the noise it would evoke. I struggled to control it's slippery substance with two hands, and though found my target, couldn't quite get leverage. Eventually, it glided in with a little too much ease for my liking. I could tell that this pussy has seen some serious strap-on action over the years and 'tying a plank to my arse to stop me falling in' seriously crossed my mind as she wailed away! 

With both of us standing there grinning, watching her face contort with every thrust I actually realised we were going to see Cindy cum. In what form this would manifest itself was anyone's guess. She said she offered a discrete service but her wailing and profanities had probably been heard in reception. I hinted she might like to occupy her mouth, and suggested my boyfriend oblige. I surprised myself, not only was I really enjoying this, but now I was the one giving orders. The look on her face as she finally came was an absolute revelation. It was like controlling some bizarre human pinball machine. My boyfriend at the helm firing signals of encouragement, her with arms and legs flailing, chest flushing red and weird noises sounding with every thrust of action. At that split moment in time I caught a glimpse of what men see before they shoot their bolt and I loved it!...........but then our money ran out.

CONCLUSION

So what did we learn? Actually quite a lot, including some great tricks for giving head and a dictionary of dirty talk! I also learned that although I enjoyed the experience, the best fun was had after Cindy left the building and we had one hell of a party. I can't say that threesomes don't ruin relationships and inspire jealousy, but in our case my boyfriend wasn't afraid to let me take the lead and he was handsomely rewarded. 

If you ask me to pass on some pearly notes of wisdom to couples out there still in the mental planning stage who want to avoid any jealous aftermath. I say choose very carefully and don't rush in, be honest about your own fantasies but understand they are not reality so be flexible and keep an open mind The simple moral of our story has to be that 'the squeaky wheel gets the grease'. And boy, could that girl squeak!

Written by Alice Roissy. Printed in 2000. 