 It was my third week studying abroad in London my senior year of college. I'd gone over with one of my roommates, Jack, although we were living in separate apartments. We decided to explore the town with a friend we'd met during our trip, Jessica, by doing a good old fashioned pub crawl.

Jack and I were sitting at a table in our 4th bar as Jessica walked up with another pitcher of beer.

"So the bartender definitely just hit on me," she said.

"Which one?" I asked.

"The cute blond on the end," Jessica said motioning to the attractive female.

I laughed as I said, "it's just a shame she's a girl."

"Oh, I like girls," Jessica said nonchalantly.

Jack and I both looked up, surprised.

"Oh really," Jack prodded.

"Sure, I've dated both guys and girls, and I'm not shy about it."

Jessica was a slender, cute brunette. She wasn't what you'd call a knockout, but she exuded a confidence that piqued your interest. Her "take me or leave me" attitude added to her mystique, and I think that's why the three of us clicked. She wasn't caught up in pretense or trying to be cute or sexy all the time. She was just honest and fun.

"I think most people have a little bisexuality in them," she continued. "Even most guys I meet, if I get them alone, have confided that they've been curious. What about you guys?"

At this point my mind was racing. I had always been a little curious about going down on a guy, but I was straight and didn't know that I could ever go through with it. I really didn't want to answer the question and embarrass myself in front of Jack. Fortunately Jack saved me from having to answer.

"I guess most people have been curious at some point in their lives," Jack said.

"I think that's true," I agreed. "So what was your most wild experience?"

Jessica smiled and said, "I had a threesome last summer with two girls."

"Who was the lucky guy?" I asked.

"No, not two girls and a guy. Me and two other girls."

She must have noticed my eyes widen as I imagined the scene. I had never known an openly bisexual girl before, and she was so casual about it. It was the stuff of my fantasies, or a porno.

"How did that happen?" I asked, obviously intrigued.

"I was kind of dating this girl at the time and we were hanging out in her dorm when one of her friends showed up. 

She saw us kissing and got very flirty. She came over to the bed and things just kind of went from there."

"Wow, that's awesome," I said, unable to contain myself.

Jessica just laughed. I think she got a kick out of knowing she could turn guys on without wearing a short skirt or showing cleavage.

"You know what I could go for?" Jessica said. "Some porn. I didn't bring any with me and I've just got a craving."

That was definitely the last thing I expected her to say. I wasn't sure where this was going, but I was definitely intrigued. I had never considered having a threesome with another guy, but I was aching to get some action. Jack and I could take turns with Jessica if that's what it came to.

"I've got a DVD in my room," Jack suggested.

"Let's go!" Jessica exclaimed.

We paid the bill and walked back to Jack's room. He had a private room in a shared apartment. He took a DVD out of a case and plugged it into his laptop. It was a celebrity sex tape.

Jessica laughed. "That's what you brought with you?"

"It was all I had on DVD."

"I suppose it will do."

We climbed onto the bed with Jessica between Jack and me. Jessica started giving us running commentary on technique.

"No, no," she said as the guy in the video started going down on the girl. "Never do it that way to a girl. You have to be softer. See how he's just being very rough?"

The video continued to where the girl was going down on the guy.

"She has good technique," Jessica said. "Is that how you guys like it?"

"Yeah," Jack said. "I like it when the girl looks up at you. That's so sexy."

I was sitting there trying to figure out where this situation was headed when I felt Jessica's hand on my thigh. I looked down and her other hand was on Jack's thigh as she started gently rubbing our legs. I became hard almost immediately.

Jessica's hand ventured over and she brushed over my dick and smiled. She leaned over and kissed Jack on the lips and started rubbing his crotch as I caressed her back and torso. After a minute she rolled over and gave me the same treatment.

"I can't believe this is happening," I thought to myself. I decided to just roll with it.

After a minute or two of making out with me she turned her attention back to Jack. This time she undid his Jeans and slid them off while removing her tank top and bra.

"Shirts off, boys," she playfully commanded.

As Jack and I removed our shirts she slipped Jack's dick out from his boxers and gently stroked. She kissed her way down his chest and took him in her mouth. I slid closer so I could rub her neck and back. It was so erotic watching her go down on Jack. I had never been so turned on in my life.

Jessica then pulled me closer to her and kissed me again. We started making out as he continued to stroke Jack. I felt her pulling me down.

"I want you to try it," she said motioning towards Jack's cock. "I know you're curious."

I looked around hesitantly.

"Jack's ok with it," she said. "Right Jack?"

"Whatever you say, baby," was all he could get out.

She started kissing me again, guiding our heads closer to Jack. She broke her kiss off as Jack's dick was right in front of me. I couldn't believe I was about to this, but I was so aroused I would have done almost anything.

I reached out with my hand and touched Jack's dick, feeling the pulsing, silky texture. Slowly, I leaned forward and licked just the underside of his cock, getting just a taste. Then I took the head in my mouth and lowered myself down.

Jack moaned as I slowly sucked his cock. I was so nervous and aroused at the same time.

"That's it baby. Keep sucking his cock," Jessica pleaded. She moved up next to Jack and started kissing him.

I kept my slow pace, running my tongue along his shaft while bobbing up and down. The feeling was incredible. I was giving another guy blowjob. Something I had definitely fantasized about and was now coming true.

I used my hand to simultaneously stroke his cock as I licked and sucked. Jack started moaning more rapidly. I knew what that meant, and I was turned on that I was determined to get the whole experience.

"Mmm," Jessica moaned. "Jack, I want you to cum in his mouth. Nick, I want you swallow his cum."

As I continued my rythym, Jack began to tense. Finally he released as a wave of his cum burst into my mouth. I moved to the tip of his cock and started sucking as I stroked his dick wtih my hand. Wave after wave of his orgasm filled my mouth with cum. It was an incredible feeling knowing I was responsible. As his ecstasy subsided I swallowed his cum. I was so turned on and it tasted amazing.

"Looks like you were more than just curious," Jessica said, smiling.

"I guess so," I responded as I laughed and moved up onto the bed.

"That was so hot," she said looking at me. "I think you deserve a treat."

Jessica then slid down and removed my pants. She immediately took out my dick and started sucking. She certainly had some talent. Jack said to the side and just watched. I couldn't complain. Jessica had me panting and moaning in no time and before I knew it I started to cum. She sucked my cock as I continued to cum in her mouth. Immediately after I finished she popped up and kissed me. I could feel and taste my own cum as our tongues intertwined. She pulled away and I swallowed my cum, still completely in ecstasy from the experience.

"I think this is going to be a fun semester," she said as she laid down between us.

To be continued...