 I guess it was my Junior year at State. There were five of us who used to hang out together a lot. Of course we were students so, we didn't have a lot of money. We didn't congregate in bars or restaurants. We would gather at each other's homes or dorm rooms. We played a lot of board games for entertainment. Games like Trivial Pursuit, Monopoly, Life... you know the ones. This was about the time in my life that I was discovering my bisexual leanings. Moe and I were kind of an 'item' although there was no exclusivity there. I guess the term would have to be 'friends with benefits'. Our sex together was mainly mutual masturbation, me giving him blow jobs, and/or straight vaginal sex. In those days I was scared of anal and Moe wasn't very good at licking pussy. He tried but he wasn't good at it and despite my repeated attempts at tutelage, he never really caught on.

I was finding myself attracted to Gloria and we had spent a couple of nights together. Fingers and vibrators were our primary source of pleasure but I came hardest when she would eat me out.

You guys know what I look like. Well, I assume most of you do anyway. I'm small, petite. I'm Asian-American, half Japanese, and people tell me I'm pretty. I keep my straight, dark hair cut short and now that I'm older I have no reservations about my sexuality. I'll tell you what I want. I'm in a relationship with Angela although it's an open relationship. Before either of us brings in another lover, be it male or female, we discuss our desires, expectations, and wants. If we agree, we both participate. There's no sneaking around. If Angela wants to fuck you, and if I agree, chances are we're both going to do it. We might do your friends too. But, this story is about a time before Angela. It's about a time when I wasn't even sure about what I wanted and didn't know how to ask for it.

Let me describe the rest of my friends.

Moe was a skater. He was tall and skinny with long, stringy hair that always looked dirty. He had a warm and inviting smile though and I think that was what first attracted me. His nose had been broken more than once and scars decorated his elbows, wrists, and knees. Most of them were the result of skating accidents. His dick was long and thin and he kept an untrimmed bush. His balls could almost be described as furry. I used to love to roll them in my hand. To this date Moe is the only man I have ever been with who had furry balls.

Jimbo wore glasses and kept his hair short. His clothes were always clean and pressed. He had the hots for Tammy and she would shamelessly lead him on. She would put out for him but not very often. Often enough to keep him coming around though, which was good as he usually, brought the drinks.

Tammy was a redhead with large pendulous breasts that she could lift and suck on herself if she wanted to. She had big hips. She was a girlie girl, who liked to wear pastel colours. She favoured long flowing skirts and loose gauzy blouses that pulled over her head and scooped low on her bosom. More than once I watched as Tammy would lean over and her tits would fall out of her blouse. It never bothered her, she'd just push them back in and carry on about her business. Never missed a beat, never cared who saw. Her hair hung in long scarlet ringlets all the way down to the middle of her back. She was deliciously soft and curvy. I once slept in the car, all the way to San Luis Obispo with my head on her breasts and in her lap. I still fantasize, from time to time, about what her pussy would taste like.

Gloria had long peroxide blonde hair; she was a beach girl, always tan and always fit. She had B cup tits with nipples that pointed to the sky. Her tan lines were barely beyond her nipples. She drove everyone crazy when she was laying in the sun. She had no sexual interest in boys. She thought cum was a disgusting mess and couldn't understand why anyone would want to swallow it or have it pumped into her pussy. She was a diehard lesbian.

Her tits were really something to see but I liked the gap between her legs. When she would stand naked with her feet and knees together I could still pass my fist between her thighs, up high of course. I still like a big gap on a girl. Angela has a nice gap too.

Moe was always asking about a three-way with Gloria but she would just snarl and push him away. No desire for cock, that one.

Then there was May.

May had pale skin and thin straight mousy brown hair. The tops of her ears always stuck out through her hair. She wore glasses and never had more than one drink. If the behavior or the discussions got too racy she would disappear. You would never see her go. You would just notice that she was gone. She dampened her sexuality with shapeless, colourless clothes. Very little skin ever showed. I never knew her to go on a date, until...

One night May brought a game over to my house. It was a card game and she called it "Truth or Dare". It worked like you would think it should but you picked cards. If your card was low you had to answer a question and you had to be truthful. If your card was a 7? I think? You could pass and force a truth or dare on the player to your left. If you had a high card you had to take a dare. It was a fun game to play and I think that May had taken some kind of drug or other. Her normally dominate inhibitions had been left at the curb. This was fun May. I had never seen her like this before. She was dying to play so Moe stepped up to play along.

May drew a card that called for a "Truth". She directed her question to Moe and asked him if he had had sex with more than one of the people in the room and if so, whom?

"Of course," Moe said, "With CJ and with Gloria, and with both of them at the same time." 

I knew he was lying and so did Gloria but both of us just smiled. We weren't about to give him up this early in the game.

Moe picked a card and asked me if I had ever had sex with another woman.

"You know I have, Moe. I've fucked Gloria and you were there, at least one of those times." We both smiled.

My turn to pick – Dare.

"Gloria, I dare you to suck on Jimbo's dick. You don't have to make him cum but you need to suck on him."

She beckoned Jimbo over, "Whip it out, big boy," she instructed him, "this doesn't do a thing for me. I'll get you for this CJ." She added. Jimbo waved his soft, un-erect penis in Gloria's face and she slurped it up. When he began to grow she spat it back out and took a card. Truth.

"May," she started, "have you ever eaten pussy before?"

"No, never," May blushed. And she took a card. Dare.

"Tammy, I dare you to take all your clothes off and finish this game naked."

Tammy stripped and pulled a card. Dare.

She grinned at each of us in turn then she lifted her tits with both hands and pointed them at each of us. "Right back atcha," she said to May.

May turned crimson, "Come-on Tammy, don't make me do this." Tammy just motioned her to hurry up and get out of her kit. She did eventually, with a lot of coaxing; and I was surprised to see that she wore her pubic hair in a thin landing strip. Her labia were long and meaty. I liked the look and found myself getting moist. May picked a card – Truth. 

She looked me in the eye, "CJ, do you find me attractive?"

"Actually, May... I do, I love your landing strip and your pussy is beautiful. I love the way your labia hang and I imagine I can see your clit peeping out from under her hood. It's beautiful."

May blushed so hard that the tips of her ears, peeking out from under her thin straight hair, turned red. I could almost feel the heat coming off them.

I picked a card, Truth.

"May," I began, "would you like me to taste your pussy?"

"Jeeze, CJ," she said, "I don't know... If I say yes does that mean I'm a lesbian? My mother would just die if I become a lesbian."

"Answer the question," Gloria and Moe said; almost in unison.

"OK," she said, "No... I mean yes... or no. I don't remember how you phrased the question but I would be ok with you licking my vagina... sucking on my clit." She closed her eyes and used both hands to squeeze her tits. She wouldn't look at me. Finally she let go of her tits and picked a card. Dare.

Distracted she groped for a Dare, she was still beet red but she managed to squeak out a dare for Tammy. "Tammy you need to give Moe a hand job. Make him cum."

Tammy beckoned Moe over and let him sit on her lap. He played with her tits while she stroked his cock. Moe never lasted that long with me. Finally Tammy wrapped her tits around his dick and moved them up and down, and up and down, and up and down. When he finally ejaculated May seemed fascinated by the whole thing. She clapped when the cum coated Tammy's breasts and watched with her mouth open when Tammy scraped the cum from her tits with her fingers and then licked those same fingers.

Tammy drew a card. Dare.

"May," she said, "lick CJ's pussy. Give her head. Make her cum."

"I don't know how to do that," May said.

"Come on May," I said; intrigued by the idea of head from a novice. "I'll help you." Standing I pulled my shirt over my head and unclasped my bra. I teased everyone with my breasts, enjoying the game and keeping my eye on May. She watched with her mouth open. When I dropped my bra I undid my jeans and in a single motion pushed the trousers and panties down at the same time. I walked naked over to May and put my panties on her head, like a shower cap. I took her hand and helped her stand so that I could take the chair she had been sitting in. Perching my ass on the edge of the chair I leaned back and spread my legs. In those days I shaved down there, no hair at all. I dropped my right hand to cover my sex and beckoned May with my left.

She dropped to her hands and knees and crawled slowly toward me. I reached for her head when she was close and pulled her in.

"What do I do first?" she whispered.

"Tease a little," I said, "lick the inside of my thighs. Work your way in and just do what comes naturally. I'll help you, and let you know if you do anything that I don't enjoy."

May started exactly as she had been instructed. She was a natural. As she worked in she wasn't afraid to work low either and when she put the end of her tongue on my anus before slowly moving it upward, between my labia and then making slow circles around my clit I smiled and wrapped my legs over her shoulders. I was going to enjoy this.

After a while I pushed her back and motioned her to lay on the floor, on her back. I took a moment to look at the others. Gloria was watching and her breath was labored, unsteady. Moe still sat on Tammy's lap; his cock was stiff and he had one of her tits in his hand, seemingly forgotten. Tammy caught me peeking at her and smiled she put her index finger under the head of Moe's stiffy. Slowly she began moving it in small, tight circles. Moe moaned but I don't believe he realized he had. I think he was caught up in the show

Jimbo was stiff too and he had apparently been eyeing May's ass. His trousers were tented nicely; invitingly. 

I lowered my crotch over May's mouth so that she could go back to work. Her direction was to make me cum and, although I was dripping wet, I hadn't yet climaxed. I was facing her feet, looking at those tasty labia and squeezing both of her tits while I rocked on her tongue. When I could stand it no longer I loosed her breasts and leaned forward, wrapping my arms around her legs and sliding them down beneath her ass, I lifted her for better access and took both her pussy lips in my lips to suck on them. Her smell was musky and dark. I caught the tastes of wild raspberry and salmon. I pushed my tongue between her lips and as deep inside her as I could manage. The juices were abundant and I raised my head to insert two fingers. I didn't push them in deep, I only ran them up, between her labia to her hood. They were coated with a clear nectar about as thick as honey and it webbed between my fingers as I spread them. I offered my hand to Gloria who immediately dropped down to her knees and took those two fingers in her mouth. She beamed when she caught the first taste. Then leaned back to watch some more. I buried my head between May's legs and at the same time, I started grinding on her face. 

She came first. I felt the pressure building within her, it moved towards me, seeking release. She bucked and rocked. Finally her legs squeezed together and she stopped licking me. Her whole body shook and she twisted at the waist. I didn't let her get away. I kept my mouth and tongue active until I felt her start to go slack and relax, then I lowered my head and probed her anus with my tongue a couple of times. Her nectar was flowing freely now and I lapped it up. When I touched her distended clit with my tongue she came again. Even harder this time.

"God, May," I said as she was coming back down from her second climax, "You're multi-orgasmic." I sat up straight and grabbed her tits again I could feel my own orgasm approaching. "Don't stop," I said to her, "Keep doing what you are doing, just like that."

The room grew quiet and my friends seemed to fade away into a white mist. I was only conscious of the build up and approach of release between my legs. When it came I neither heard nor saw anything else. May was fantastic, and my orgasm was intense. When I finally started to come down the other side of bliss I looked down and saw the marks that my fingers had left on her breasts as I had squeezed them when I came.

I raised my genitals from May's mouth and collapsed to the side of her on my back. I was rubbing my tits and enjoying the afterglow. May had raised her head and was leaning on her elbow. She was saying something to someone. I didn't know what she was saying or to whom she was talking but when Gloria came into my field of view with her skirt raised and her panties pushed to the side I knew what was happening. She took my place on May and May eagerly went to work. She latched her mouth on May's wonderful labia and I looked for Tammy, Moe and Jimbo. They had their own private bukake party going. I watched as Jimbo came on Tammy's face and hair as she sucked Moe' boner. I could tell that he wasn't far away from his own cum shot. Tammy was eager.

The game was effectively finished at that poin,t and that night Gloria took May home. Tammy and Jimbo left together shortly after that and it was just me and Moe sitting naked in my living room. Him on the edge of the couch, with his cock hanging down, looking pretty good. Me, on the floor leaning against a chair with my legs spread apart. Moe, raised his hands with the palms up and shrugged.

"Well?" he asked.

I shook my head, "I don't think so," I said, "Not tonight. Get dressed and go on home. Call me in the morning. Not too early." 

He left and I sat on the floor for a while longer before I got up and headed to the bathroom. I used the warm water from the shower head to bring myself off one last time before toweling dry and going straight to bed. I slid naked between the cool sheets and thought about the juices that dripped from May's pussy as I drifted off to sleep.