 I'm Jake and I just graduated college a couple of weeks ago. The night before graduation proved to be the hottest night of my short lived life. All throughout college, there were these 2 girls that had immense crushes on me. I know I'm not the hottest looking stud around so I couldn't figure it out either. These two girls were actually pretty hot looking in a generation X kind of way. So you want to know what they looked like I bet.

Kat had real short cropped blonde hair that had copper streaks running through it. Her sparkling green eyes really gave her an animalistic quality. She was about 5,7 with a thin figure. Her tits were small compared to the centerfolds you might see in Playboy...not too small though. I don't know much about bras so I couldn't tell you what cup size or anything but I do know they would fit nicely in my mouth. I'm actually sitting here drooling at the thought. She looked like she would rip you apart if she got excited enough.

Angie was a striking contrast. She was 6' with long smooth straight black hair that ran to the small of her back. If she didn't have such milky white skin, she could have been confused with an Egyptian goddess. Her waist was extremely thin but the rest of her could be describe as voluptuous and yes, even delicious. She had a coolness about her that made you wonder if her heart was beating.

Anyway, like I was saying, I still didn't understand why me. They didn't really hang out a lot together but I knew that they knew each other. Sometimes it seemed as if they were competitors. I tried not to encourage their crushes on me, but I did find it extremely flattering. Angie was in my statistics class which I was having a hard time with so a few days before finals I asked if she would like to come over to my apartment that night to help me out. I didn't want her to get the wrong idea so I quickly added, "Relax, it's not like I'm going to attack you or anything." I thought I noticed a disappointed look on her face.

"Well, I don't know, Kat had already asked me to help her with her Humanities class tonight." she told me.

"I know, why don't we make it a threesome then..." The words slipped out before I could stop them..."err...I mean a group study!!" It was too late.

"Maybe" she said as she smiled calmly and walked away. I was kicking myself. "HOW DUMB!" I said out loud to myself.

A couple of hours later, I was sitting in my apartment trying to make sense of means and junk when the phone rang. I answered the phone with a frustrated "Hello!"

"Jake? Angie here. The threesome is on. We'll be there in 30 minutes"

"Excuse me?" I said stupidly.

"You know the group study session? What did you think I meant?" I thought I detected teasing in her voice but her demeanor was so damned calm it was hard to tell.

"Uhhh, I knew that's what you meant" Man was I stupid.

"Yeah, well you still want us to come over don't you? she asked cool and collected like.

"Yes of course! I just didn't want you to think..."

"Right, see you in 30 minutes," she said cutting me off and hanging up the phone.

I rushed around the apartment picking up dirty underwear. You know how dorm life is.

Exactly 30 minutes later (I know because I was nervously staring at the clock every few seconds) the doorbell rang. I answered the door and both Kat and Angie stood there. I didn't know what to say so Kat finally spoke up and asked if they could come in or had I planned on studying in the doorway. I laughed a nervous laughter and showed them in. There wasn't much to my student sized apartment so I didn't bother offering them a tour.

We got started studying immediately which kind of eased my expectations. After about an hour I finally offered them a drink. I handed out beers all around. We seemed to make it through quite a few when Angie stated that it was quiz time.

"I've come up with an ingenious method to test the two of you on your subjects." she explained. "Each time one of you gets your particular question wrong, you have to remove an article of clothing!"

My jaw slammed down on my knee. I quickly picked it back up and reattached it to my face. "Huh...wha...what?" Damn I was smooth.

"And what happens if we get it right Angie?" Kat was asking.

"Well then, each time you get a question right, I'll lose a piece of clothing. I'll be at a disadvantage because I'm outnumbered 2 to 1."

Suddenly I was warming to the idea and being my smooth self I said "uhhhh...wha...what?"

Angie smiled at my discomfort and said, "Don't worry, it's not like I'm going to attack you or anything!"

Now it was my turn to be disappointed. We cleared the table of books and papers and prepared for our quizzes...meaning I hastily threw socks on my feet hoping the two wouldn't notice. The first question went to me and it was something about figuring the average of a mean or something. I flopped so I ended up removing the socks that I had just donned. Well, at least I had gotten a freebie. The next question went to Kat. She answered her question correctly so Angie removed her shoes. Next I lost my shirt. I told you I was bad at Statistics. Kat lost her shoes. Soon I was down to my underwear and the girls were down to bras and panties. I was in heaven and it was showing by the tent in my boxers. Did Kat just lick her lips? I was sweating even though I was only in my underwear. When Kat lost her bra I caught some drool running down my lip and tried to wipe it away before anyone noticed. Both of her nipples were pierced with small gold rings. "Down boy!" Angie told me. "Did that hurt when you had it done?" Angie asked Kat as she reached over and fingered the gold rings hanging from Kat's nipples.

"Only for a few minutes but the girl that did it was really gently with me afterwards which really helped" Kat told her as her nipples perked up some.

I lost my underwear next and my cock sprung out and whapped me in the stomach. I groaned as I almost shot my wad all over my chin. "You poor boy!" was all Kat offered. Since I didn't have any clothes left to lose, my payment was to be in chores later.

Angie lost her bra and my eyes locked on her magnificent tits. They were flawless in their milky white smoothness. I was thankful that at least Kat was getting some of her questions right so I could see these beauties. Angie smiled sweetly and she shook them a little freeing them from their constraints.

We continued until both girls had lost their panties and I was staring at two of the hottest shaved pussies ever. I hadn't realized that I had started stroking my cock as I looked at the two beautiful pussies before my very eyes.

"Well, I guess that's it for the quiz. Kat you didn't do bad at all but Jake seems to need a little more tutoring. Kat, why don't we help him out a little" I wasn't quite catching on until Angie started to lead me over to the couch and sat me down. She sat on her knees in front of me and her eyes look at me pleadingly. She wanted me to take charge. I took here head in my hands and reached down and kissed her. Her mouth opened wide as I ran my tongue over her lips. Our mouths danced together for a couple of minute before I pulled back and eased her head towards my stiff prick. She moaned as her mouth opened to accept my cock. "Mmmmmmmm....I groaned as her hot mouth enveloped my cock." Kat was sitting beside me now watching intently as Angie deep-throated my stiffness. I reached over and ran my hands over her breasts. Kat's eyes closed as she pushed her hot tits farther into my hands. I fingered the rings on her nipples and she moaned softly. I tugged once to see what reaction I would get and Kat's body shook as she started cumming. I tugged a little harder and she leaned into my hand cumming harder. Angie moaned around my cock as she watched all this. I was getting close to coming so she removed me from her mouth and licked my cock from top to bottom and back with that talented tongue of hers. She locked her eyes on mine and licked the tip of my cock. "I want to taste your cum....give it to me" she told me.

"Is that any way to ask me slut?" I knew I was pushing my luck.

She swooned a little. "Please may I swallow your cum....please?"

"That's better. Before I let you have my load on your tongue I want you to watch as I finger Kat's pussy until she cums."

"Yesssss" they both moaned at the same time.

"Angie, my little cum whore, pull your nipple and finger your pussy while you watch me"

"Ohhh...yesss" she moaned as she quickly followed my commands.

I pushed Kat back onto the couch and roughly pulled her hips towards me until her hot snatch was nestled against my hip. I reached up and tugged the nipple ring...a LOT harder this time. I could feel the wetness flow from her pussy against my hip as she moaned even louder. I could see her tongue running across her lips now and noticed that her tongue was also pierced with a small silver stud. These bitches were hot. I grabbed her hair and pulled her head until it was inches from my cock. "Show me what that stud on your tongue feels like on this stud!" She got up on her hands and knees and swallowed my cock whole while sticking her ass up in the air. I took this as an invitation and reached down and smacked her a hard one on the ass. "oooohhh!" she moaned around my cock. The stud vibrated on my cock almost causing me to cum in her mouth. I smacked her ass again and again until her ass cheeks were red and my hand was stinging. I looked over at Angie who was busy grabbing her nipples with one hand and feeding her own tits to her hungry tongue and furiously pumping three fingers into her hot snatch with the other hand. Her thumb was tracing circles around her stiff clit. I could tell she was close to cumming and I called her over to the couch. She crawled over on hands and knees until her head was inches from Kats mouth on my cock. Kat removed her mouth and licked on one side of my cock and Angie started to lick the other side. They were sharing my cock and tonguing it at the same time. Their tongues met occasionally and I could tell they weren't sure about that but I was about to change that. I placed one hand on the back of Kat's head and the other on the back of Angie's head while they tongued my shaft. I started pumping my cock back and forth between their hungry mouths while they just held their heads still on each side of my dick, their tongues coating it with saliva. I pulled way back and pushed their heads together until they were kissing. Both their eyes flew wide open as they realized they were kissing another woman. Kat tried to pull her head back at first but I kept the pressure on her head. Soon they were frenching each others mouths and kissing like mad. I could see Angie nibbling on the stud in Kat's mouth. "Mmmmmm" they were moaning into each other. I noticed both their hands go to their own cunts and start fingering. I stood in front of the couch now stroking my cock and watching the action. Soon, I pulled Kat up to stand beside me and she looked disappointed. Angie's head went immediately to my cock and began bobbing up and down. I placed my left hand on Kat's ass and parted her thighs. This next part was going to be tricky. I reached from behind and started fingering Kat's pussy. She rode my hand pumping back against me trying to get my fingers farther in her.

I was getting close to cumming and told Angie "I'm going to cum and I don't want you to drop any of the cum, do you understand me little slut?" She took her mouth off my cock long enough to look me in the eyes and say "Please let me swallow your cum?" Her mouth went back to my cock and bobbed for the cream.

I was fingering Kat faster now and she was tugging at the rings in her nipples and screaming "Oh God! Yes....More....I'm cummmmminnnnng...This is soooooo fucking hot!" I whispered into her ear "Just wait...it get's even better!" I was still fingering her and tapping my finger against her clit. She was still cumming and moaning. I turned her with my finger in her cunt until she was almost facing me.

"Get ready!" I shouted to Angie who was pumping her own pussy now as her mouth rode my cock. "Open your mouth wide little cum bitch!"

"Oh yes...give me your cum...pleeeease let me tast it!" she answered.

"THEN FETCH IT!" I pulled my cock from her open mouth and the first massive shot hit her square on the tongue. I slung my cock towards Kat's pussy and the cum splashed onto Kat's cunt lips. "Eat my cum!" Angie chased my cum not caring where it landed and anxiously sucked it from Kat's red and swollen pussy. Kat's eyes flew open and her knees almost buckled when she realized she was cumming against Angie's tongue. Another woman was sucking cum off her pussy lips. She spread her legs wide as Angie's continued her assault on Kat's pussy trying to get every drop of jism that she could. Angie came hard against her own hand. "OH YESSSS....IT TASTES SO FUCKING HOT "she yelled into the pussy she was licking.

I smiled at my accomplishment as the girls fell into a hot 69 and kept licking. This was going to be one long hot weekend.

To Be Continued...

Please email me and give me some feedback on the story. I would like to write more but I need to know your comments. Thanks. KruelOne