 "Here's our room, little brother." Cathy pushed the door to her dorm room open and waved him in with a flourish.

"I told you not to call me that here," Matt said. "Give me a little dignity as a prefrosh, please!" He grinned to lessen the sarcasm, hefted his bag, and strode into the room.

It was bigger than he assumed, what with the college horror stories of prison-style closets that passed for living quarters. Cathy's room, on the contrary, seemed downright spacious. There were twin double beds, a couch and lounge chair, a pair of desks pushed together, and even a bookshelf to spare. Various girly paraphernalia lined the walls - inspirational posters, art reprints, calendars, letters. Matt took a long look around and then let his bag crash to the floor at the foot of their sofa.

Cathy closed the door and pointed. "What a coincidence, that's where you're sleeping. We got some sheets and pillows around here somewhere. But what do you want to do first?"

Matt shrugged, a bit overwhelmed. Eighteen and a high school junior (held back a year due to some minor problems in middle school), here he was on university grounds. His cool, if somewhat annoying older sister, invited him up for the weekend to check out college life and just get away from home for a while. Why not, he thought. It beat laying around the house, getting berated for not mowing the lawn.

He looked at his sister, who sat sprawled on one of the beds. Her tank top sported the word "BITCH" in happy, colorful letters. She wore daisy dukes to show off her tanned legs, and a scrunchie pulled her brown hair into a ponytail. In contrast to her smooth curves, he was a guy of bony angles and scraggly hair that shot off in all directions.

"Are you sure I'm not going to be in the way? I mean, you don't have a date with a hot guy or anything this weekend, do you?" he asked.

She giggled. "No, not this weekend. Not with a guy, at least."

"Huh?" Matt wrinkled his forehead.

Cathy rolled her eyes. "Use your imagination. So what shall we do first - tour the campus or get a bite to eat?"

* * * * *

Matt opened his eyes to drink in the darkness. He grew accustomed to the shapes that swam in front of his eyes, although it was strange being in someone else's room. When he'd come back from dinner and clubbing in town, Matt felt like doing nothing but crashing for hours and letting a minor coma sweep over his conciousness. But after a few hours of fevered sleep, he woke feeling not so tired anymore. What time was it? 2? 3? He couldn't view any clock from his angle.

After a minute he realized two facts. One, it wasn't nearly as dark in the room as he originally thought. Shapes formed into furnature with a shade of color to distinguish their identities. And two, it wasn't totally quiet either.

He looked over to the nearest bed, which belonged to Cathy's roomate, Erica. Despite being tired as hell when he came back and Cathy introduced the two, Matt could barely restrain himself from staring at her. Shorter than both Cathy and Matt, Erica came up to the bottom on his nose. She smiled when they shook hands, and Matt recalled admiring her full lips - pink and pouty. Her hazel eyes twinkled as she checked him out in return, her eyes unabashedly traveling up and down his frame. "Not bad, Cath," she said. "He's got potential to be a lady killer."

"Doesn't he?" Cathy agreed. Matt could only keep looking at his sister's gorgeous roomate, who wore (as far as he knew) nothing but the bathrobe that wrapped around her frame. The silk folds did little to hide her full breasts that pressed out on each side, the slide of her waist, the curve of her tight butt. As all guys are wont to do when they meet a pretty girl like Erica, Matt devoted most of his mind's abilities to capturing her image in his head for future manipulation during a masturbation session.

They didn't get to talk much past their handshake, but she did give his fingers a jaunty squeeze before retiring back to the bathroom. Matt fell asleep before she even returned. Exhausted.

Now he glanced at her bed, hoping to see a hint of the beautiful body he saw before. Perhaps he could convince her to join him and Cathy in tomorrow's activities. Yeah, convince her with his impressive juvenile silence, he sighed. But no matter how hard he strained his eyes, he could not see her form, only a pile of rumpled blankets and a comforter. Maybe she went to the bathroom?

That's when Matt noticed the thing about the sound. Like a newly made blind man, he strained his senses and they enhanced the noise. It was... rustling. Sheets crumpling and sliding. Still something else lay beneath that, another sound, much lower in tone. Listening harder, it popped out in his auditory senses and stayed there.

Moaning.

Once he heard it, it was impossible to miss. From his sister's bed came the noises of a female either in pain or pleasure, and it didn't take three guesses to pinpoint which one. Low purrs and growls came from across the room, in the semi-darkness that hid all but the most flagrant of shapes. Was there movement? He knew there must be, but his eyes betrayed him.

Then Matt's mind did a mental blink. His sister's bed. Not across the room, his sister was having sex, or at least being vocal about rubbing herself. At home, sex was a topic that was avoided or clinically discussed, and despite the occasional closeness that Matt shared with Cathy, they had never broached the subject. It'd never crossed his mind that she even had sex, although logically she probably did. And now he had proof of a sort.

Raging curiosity brought Matt from a lying to a crouched sitting position. He made no sound in the movement, but held his breath to see if she noticed. He was curious, yes, but not about Cathy in particular. He'd heard that some people got attracted to their sisters and even did it with them, but Matt had no desire in the least to follow that path. Cathy naked, eh. He'd just go right back to sleep if that were the case. But Cathy having sex... anyone having sex... that stirred his intrigue.

Matt felt his pecker stiffen as he moved to a crouching walk. The noises, low and lusty, advertised sex to his groin. He often fantasized about making a woman moan like that, lying under his body as he did fantastic things to her flesh. He reached down to give his shaft one settling squeeze, which only enraged it further.

Slowly, silently, he tiptoed toward the bathroom. By moving toward the door, he was able to get a better view of the bed an its occupant or occupants. He shook in fierce sexual curiosity and the knowledge that he was spying on something slightly forbidden. Sure, he could claim he was just going to the bathroom, he didn't know anything, but Matt didn't feel confident in his lying abilities. Peeping Tom pervert - a name he didn't care to be called. A step closer, and the limited light in the room opened his eyes to the activities unfolding on his sister's bed.

It was Cathy. She lay on her back, her eyes clamped shut, her hands grasping the pillow under her head as if to keep them from flying into danger. On top of her rocked a figure with its head bent down toward Cathy's breasts. The figure's arms held its torso up, driving more force down on the pelvises thay lay beneath the sliding bedsheets that wrapped over their waists. Cathy hissed and then moaned again, a pleasure spot found and plundered.

Matt watched in rapt fascination as his sister's body was ravaged by the stranger. He managed to hear, once, a slick wet sound that came from beneath the sheets. It all was too much to bear for the teenager - he slid his hand down his belly, under his shorts, and stroked his engorged cock to the scene unfolding in front of his eyes. His mind yammered: this is not porn, this is REAL. Real sex. And it was driving him wild, the mere thought of it coupled with the sight and sound. His hand moved faster, sliding the skin of his penis up and down the length of his shaft, pleasure buzzing out from his groin to all points north, south, east and west.

Perhaps he was too loud in his movements, maybe it's just the sixth sense people have even when they're otherwise occupied. But at that moment every muscle in Matt's body froze as Erica said, clear as day, "Gee, Cath, looks like we're being watched."

Two thoughts: Erica? and Caught!

Cathy turned her head, her eyes opening to meet Matt's. He was hugely aware of his hand under his shorts, clamped around the largest erection he could remember having. Embarrassing was too mild a term. "Oh gee, hi Matt," she said between deep breaths. "Enjoying the view?"

"I-I-I'm so sorry..." he stammered out. He felt his eyes widen like a deer in headlights.

"Ohhh," Erica said, falling to Cathy's side and wrapping an arm around his sister's waist. "Don't be sorry, Matt. You're too cute to be scared like this. We don't hate you, do we, Cath?"

Cathy tried to look stern for a minute, then clicked on a bedside lamp and smiled kindly at her brother. Matt found the courage to disengage his hand from his rapidly-deflating cock and bring it out of his shorts. In the light, everything was so much clearer. Both of the girls were entangled under the sheets, with a sheen of sweat coating their upper bodies. Hair was mussed up, chests heaving, and lipstick smeared along the side of Cathy's face. He looked down at Erica's torso pressed against Cathy's side, her swollen tits brushing up against his sister's smaller buds. It was, Matt thought, the most beautiful sight he'd ever been privilaged to see.

"No, we don't hate you Matt," Cathy said. "It's okay, I'd be curious myself in your position." Matt let out a deep breath of anxiety, but stayed standing still.

Erica reached up to fondle one of Cathy's breasts. Her fingers rolled the stiff nipple in and out between soft fingers. "Mmm... I'm still horny Cath," she said. "Shit, I haven't even cum yet."

Cathy leaned up to kiss her on her cheek, then fully on the lips. The two girls kissed passionately for a few seconds, their heads and Erica's fingers moving with increased fevor. Finally they broke. "I've got a few orgasms left in me too," Cathy said. "Would be a shame to stop..."

Erica looked over and winked at Matt, whose body summoned the nerve to sport an erection again. "Well, if the boy wants to watch," she said. "I don't mind if you don't."

Cathy giggled again, girlish and innocent in spite of her naked and sexed appearance. "Fine. Hey Matt, come sit over here and whip that bad boy out." She motioned to Erica's bed, which sat a couple feet away from her own. After a brief pause - what else to do but go? - Matt found himself walking, lowering his boxers, and sitting on the bed with legs spread toward the coeds.

Cathy whistled, Erica raised her eyebrows. "Damnnnn boy," Erica said. "The ladies must love you with that thing!"

Matt grinned in reflex. "Really? Is it good-sized? Nobody's ever told me."

Cathy propped herself up on an arm, and Erica took advantage of the new position by kissing her lover's shoulders and upper back. "That's got to be, what, six and a half, seven inches?" Cathy asked. Erica made an affirmative noise. "Matt," she continued. "It's not long, but that's one of the thickest cocks I think I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot!"

"Tramp," Erica laughed, which earned a raspberry from Cathy.

"I think he'd split open any woman fortunate enough to fuck him, what do you think?" Cathy turned from looking at Matt's groin and kissed Erica again. Their below-sheets movements started to grow faster once more. Erica groaned as Cathy bit her earlobe, then sucked and nibbled her way down the shorter girl's neck.

Once again, Matt's hand found the hot, rigid form of his shaft, and slowly pumped it up and down as he watched the undulating bodies. He grew increasingly frustrated by not being able to see anything below their waists... maybe time to be bold?

"Excuse me," he said. The two girls didn't stop their motions, but did look at him as he stepped forward and threw the sheet off their bodies. Matt sat back down on the bed, satisfied.

"Animal!" Erica mock scolded. Matt didn't mind. He had full view of Erica and his sister's legs, ass, and soft supple folds of sex. As Erica once again resumed the top position, her left leg slid into the valley formed by Cathy's spread legs. Cathy moaned loudly as Erica's thigh found her pussy, and she raised her hips to grind her clit against the sleek skin of her lover's leg. In turn, Erica lowered her own dripping pussy - Matt could easily see the wetness that coated their upper legs glistening in the light - onto Cathy's leg, and began to slide her lower body up and down Cathy's muscled thigh.

Cathy reached up to grab one of Erica's breasts, and pulled it toward her open mouth. Lips found soft skin and sucked it in; tongue found a stubborn nipple and ran circles around the sensative spot. Erica cooed happily. "Oh yeah... suck my tits, baby!"


Their own wet sliding was joined by frantic slaps made by Matt's frenzied hand. While one hand jerked his cock with increasing tempo, his other fondled and pulled on his hardening balls. He soon realized that he would cum any minute... But as his sister began to have her own orgasm, he couldn't summon any more control. Cathy rose from the bed, her body arching as she pressed her pussy against her partner's leg, and then thrashed about as the orgasm swept over her body. Her head twisted to the left and right, shrieking quietly with every intake of breath, moaning "shit fuck shit fuck" as she exhaled. Matt could see her body's muscles quiver and contract, and that was when he came.

From a few feet away, the massive orgasm that built up in his balls had no trouble making the distance to the girls' bed. Streams of cum - hot and sticky - flew wildly over the bodies of the writhing girls. He couldn't control it; in fact, his fist was pumping faster than ever, building the orgasm up to new and more exquisite heights. The cum landed on Erica's back, Cathy's chest, Cathy's... lips. He saw this and a small part of his mind grew embarassed again, but he felt so damned good he didn't care. If anything, his cumming turned the girls on more, who took advantage of the thick liquid and rubbed it into each other's skin as they continued to hump and grind.

After a minute, Matt felt his body recover, and that was about the time the girls disengaged from their pretzel position. Fearing that the experience was over, Matt got up to slink back off to bed.

"Hold on there," Erica said with a smile. "You don't get a free show without giving a little back, you know." Matt stopped again, uncertain what he should do.

"My turn on bottom," Erica told Cathy, who seemed too satisfied that she'd agree with anything. Erica stretched out on the bed while Cathy kneeled by her. "What do you want me to do, beautiful?" Cathy said, looking down at her wet lover.

"I want...," Erica began, shuddering as a minor orgasm rippled through her body. "I want Matt over here so I can handle that monster cock of his, and I want you to spread my legs, fuck me with your fingers, and eat my pussy out with your lovely lips."

Brother and sister moved into action. Matt walked over to the side of the bed, within grabbing distance of Erica's hands. Her hand wasted no time cupping his balls, then sliding up to embrace his cock with her cool fingers. She gently yanked on his member, her hand sliding up and down the semihard shaft, aided further by the dribblings of cum that fell onto his groin. Matt stood there, luxurating in the touch of this stunning girl, feeling her fingers manipulate and tease his cock.

He grew harder when he looked down at his sister, who was following Erica's instructions to the fullest. She'd taken both of Erica's legs, palm against inner thighs, and spread them apart until they could go no further. Erica's shaven pussy lay open to the cool air, and unfolded at the touch of one of Cathy's fingers running from her clit to her anus and back. Matt thought that Erica's pussy appeared to open by itself and attempt to swallow the roaming digit. Finally, Cathy looked Erica in the eye and thrust two fingers deep inside, sinking her third knuckle past the swollen pussy lips. Erica hissed and instinctively grabbed Matt's cock tighter, making it throb fiercely.

"Does that feel good?" Cathy said with a hint of power in her voice. To drive her point home, she retracted the intruding fingers, then rammed them in deep again. Matt heard the wet sucking sounds of Erica's pussy being violated. Erica could only shake her head and moan yes, more, more. Cathy leaned down, her breasts brushing up against the sheets of the bed, and extended her tongue toward the other girl's clit. Erica hummed in anticipation, then melted as the warm wet tongue flicked and tasted her hard bud.

Cathy then fell into the activity with a vengeance. Her hand flew in and out of the girl's pussy, her mouth eating and sucking any exposed parts as if tasting a gourmet meal. Matt found his cock being jacked and stroked at a wildly fast rate, pulling his entire body closer toward Erica. Apparently this was the plan, as Erica leaned up and pulled his cock toward her mouth.

This is how Matt ended up with his hard cock in the mouth of a bisexual girl he'd just met a few hours ago. Twitching as Cathy found all her sensative spots, Erica did her best to widen her mouth and take Matt's shaft into her. A few inches, than an inch more, and Matt found half of his cock devoured by the sex-crazed girl. She sucked and tongued him, as his hips moved on their own to thrust past her lips. It wasn't enough; the animal part that spoke so loudly in his mind wanted to grab her head and fuck her mouth fully, forcing her to take his thick cock all the way to the base. But Matt knew she probably couldn't take it and restrained himself from doing so. Still, it felt good, very good, and the sight of this incredibly sexy girl going down on him was enough to almost make him cum.

Erica disengaged from his cock after a minute. "Fuck, you are the large one, aren't you." She grinned up into his eyes, pausing only a second to gasp as Cathy took her clit into her mouth and sucked hard. "I think," Erica said. "I'm going to have to experience this to the fullest."

She called down to Cathy, who was oblivious in the pursuit of pleasuring her lover. "Hey Cath, wanna sit on my face for a while? I think junior here wants to fuck me. And I think I want to fuck him too."

Cathy lept up. She moved up to Erica's head and straddled her mouth so quickly that Matt got the impression that this was Cathy's favorite part. And so it was - not even a second after her pussy lowered down onto the pouty lips of her roomate, Cathy bucked in ecstacy as her sex was penetrated by a probing tongue.

Left on his own but with a clue, Matt took the spot vacated by his sister. His cock throbbed with the pulse that beat in his temples... no fantasy could ever compare to the opportunity he was being given here. He kneeled over Erica's spread legs, her wet thighs and dripping pussy, and relished the sight of his cock mere inches away. This was it. He was going to do it.

"Geez little bro," Cathy said gasping. "Fuck her already! Trust me, she needs it. And don't hold back, either. Just ram that sucker in like there's no tomorrow."

Matt shifted forward with his cock extended, and then pulled back as the head slipped and ran up against her clit instead of going inside. Still, it earned a muffled groan from Erica. He tried again, taking more time to push his cock toward the pink opening. It took this time, and Matt definitely felt the head of his penis being grasped by muscles and velvet skin. It was so easy... Erica was soaked, and an easy motion sent his cock plunging inside, sliding all the way in to the base. He felt her pussy walls, tight and slick, stretch as his cock invaded. This time Erica did more than groan, she literally jumped as his cock filled the dark wet confine of her sex.
