 I suggest you read part 1 first.

A few months had passed since Su-Lin had fulfilled her fantasy of educating Eric. That day, after Eric had left and she had cleaned her self before returning home, she had felt very guilty about what she had just done. The naughty mood had disappeared and as she made her way home she wondered how she could have possibly acted like she did. She blamed Robert for planting the ideas in her head in the first place.

As the days went by though, the feelings of guilt gradually disappeared. She had also had further business meetings with Eric that she had been dreading. Eric, as she might have expected, behaved like a perfect gentlemen by putting her mind at rest saying how much he enjoyed their experience but that he would never mention it to anybody and from now on they should just forget it had happened.

Su-Lin had also been worried about telling Robert. Worried that although he was the one who had persuaded her to do it he might feel differently now that it had actually happened for real and she'd had another man's stiff cock in her mouth.

She needn't have worried. Robert's first reaction when he read her email was to reply immediately and congratulate her and saying that he would liked to have been there and watched!

One day, Su-Lin was checking her emails as usual when she found she had one from Jack. Su-Lin had almost forgotten about Jack and the fact that he had intercepted some emails between her and Robert some time ago. This had resulted in him having a complete set of the pictures Robert had taken that had turned Eric on so much.

Su-Lin remembered how she had panicked the first time she got an email from Jack. Initially she had not believed that he had any pictures and thought he was somehow bluffing. This all changed when he started to describe each picture in detail, even quoting the file numbers.

She had felt horrified at first, knowing that a complete stranger was looking at her naked body and had seen her erotic performance that she intended only for Robert's eyes. However, when she told Robert, she had been surprised that he was not very annoyed. In fact he had told her how horny he found the situation and that maybe she should feel flattered at Jack's comments about how he enjoyed looking at her pictures.

Su-Lin found this very difficult at first but gradually she started to enjoy Jack's written compliments, even if they were usually very graphic and direct.

As she remembered back to earlier emails from Jack she realised that the one that had changed her mind and turned her on was when Jack first told her how he used her pictures when he wanked. After the wank, or maybe it was just before, he would email Su-Lin and tell her what he wanted to do with her and where she was going receive his spunk.

Once Su-Lin had got over the initial shock of a stranger giving her such graphic descriptions of how he wanted to use her body, she realised that it turned her on. She also realised that she was actually growing fond of him in a strange way and was turned on a little more each time he wrote. She also started to have the odd fantasy about what it might be like to meet Jack for real. These fantasies were of course aided and helped by Robert.

Su-Lin had been shocked once when Robert had told her of a regular fantasy he had of another man joining them for sex. She could not understand why he would want to share her with another man. As usual with Robert's ideas and suggestions, it sowed a seed of inquisitiveness in Su-Lin's head.

Robert had told her many times that although it was a regular fantasy of his he was certain that he would not want to do it for real.

Recently though, Robert had started to change his mind. This started when, during the course of their many emails to each other, Su-Lin had mentioned playfully that although she had never met him she was starting to feel as though she was getting to know Jack and maybe he should be the 'other man'.

During the time that they spent apart Robert would regularly wank as he fantasised about Su-Lin having sex with the two of them. He would close his eyes and see a vividly clear image in his mind of Su-Lin kneeling on a large bed. She would be wearing the same sexy red quarter cup bra and crotchless panties that she had worn for the pictures he had taken. The tops of her pert breasts would be exposed showing her nipples stiff and erect. Her bum would be thrust up high with the red lace crotchless panties accentuating the fully exposed wet puffy lips of her pussy. In his fantasy Robert would see Jack standing behind Su-Lin, completely naked with his fully erect cock jutting proudly forward, his hands roughly pulling her buttocks apart to feast his eyes on her exposed pussy as he prepares to enter her. In this image Robert is also naked and facing Jack with Su-Lin already eagerly sucking on his cock. 

Although it was now a regular feature of their fantasies, both Su-Lin and Robert never really thought it would ever come true. Having said that, they never thought that Su-Lin would actually go through with seducing her local customer, Eric, in her office!

Su-Lin would often try to imagine the scene as Robert described it but always concluded that she would never be able to act out his fantasy for real, feeling too shy to be so intimate with a relative stranger. Having said that, and unknown to Robert, she had been experimenting in her mind as she masturbated, trying to imagine what it would feel like to experience the lust of two men together.

A few months had now passed since Su-Lin had 'educated' Eric at her office. 

Today she was feeling very happy and excited because Robert was coming to visit. 

It had been about four months now since they were last together and Su-Lin had been feeling horny for the past few weeks anticipating the blissful time they would spend together.

The sex just got better each time they met and Su-Lin knew that Robert would want to act out some of their fantasies whilst he was there. She grinned to herself as she remembered him telling her that one of the first things he wanted to do was to pretend to be Eric so that she could 'educate' him.

Knowing that Robert seldom joked about these things she was already preparing herself for his arrival later in the day. 

Su-Lin had just returned from the bathroom having had a long hot shower. She was naked as she walked round her bedroom checking her self in the full length mirror. The red lace underwear was already lying on the bed together with the sheer black stockings. Su-Lin picked up a hand mirror from the table and then crouched down with her legs apart. Holding the hand mirror she had a perfect view of her freshly shaved pussy. She checked it out closely making sure she had not missed any stray hair. It was just as Robert liked it. Her lips where baby smooth and fully exposed leaving just neatly trimmed hair above. Su-Lin put down the mirror and ran her hand sensuously between her thighs, feeling the smoothness of her outer lips and reminding her self that in a few hours time Robert's hand would be doing the same.

Robert would often give her a challenge to do for his visit. She remembered one a few years ago when she was more innocent. He had asked her to shave her pussy, something she had never done before, and then arrive to meet him at his hotel without wearing any panties. She remembered the thrilling feeling of walking through the hotel reception area, feeling the breeze up under her skirt reminding her of her naked shaved pussy. When she arrived in his room he had immediately embraced her and then ran his hands up under her skirt moving them straight up to her naked pussy. He had then whispered, "good girl, into her ear.

She remembered being surprised at how aroused she was by the time she reached his room. With both hands up under her skirt he ran the tips of his fingers over her moist lips, spreading her juices and gently parting her lips. He had then lifted her skirt right up before carrying her to the bed. She remembered lying there still fully clothed but with her skirt up round her waist and her pussy on display for him. She had watched as he hurriedly unfastened his trousers. His gaze remained fixed on her pussy as he dropped his trousers and then his underwear. Not a word was spoken as Su-Lin opened her legs wide and he moved between them. There was very little foreplay. He just rubbed the head of his stiff cock between her wet lips a few times before gripping her buttocks and sliding the whole length inside her. The fuck was urgent, gripping her buttocks very firmly in each hand and thrusting his stiff cock almost violently in and out of her.

It was soon over with both of them reaching orgasm before he collapsed on top of her, his cock still firmly embedded but with his spunk dribbling from her.

As Su-Lin fondly remembered the urgency of that fuck she started to get dressed.

She could feel her self transforming from her usual ordinary Taiwanese wife to glamorous sexy woman as she put on the red lace crotchless panties and the matching quarter cup bra. She put on each stocking, pulling the black lace hold up tops high up her thighs. Su-Lin then checked her self again in the full-length mirror. Looking back at her was the image she had grown to like. It was the same image that Jack liked to look at while he had a wank; the image that Robert had captured so well when he had taken the sexy photographs.

The red lace bra supported and accentuated her small but sexy breasts, leaving her nipples fully on show. The panties looked sexy against her pale oriental skin and covered absolutely nothing between her legs leaving her pussy exposed.

The sheer black stockings contrasted beautifully with her pale soft skin of her upper thighs and the red of the underwear completing the sexy image.

It was nearly time for the taxi to pick her up and take her to the airport. Su-Lin took one last look at her self in the mirror and then slipped on the red coat over the sexy underwear. This was Robert's challenge, to meet him at the airport wearing the red coat and just the red lace underwear beneath. She was dressed exactly how the original photography session had started and remembered the lustful look in Robert's eyes as she had slowly slipped off the coat to reveal herself to him. 

Su-Lin heard the taxi pull up outside and felt nervous but excited as she left her apartment and walked outside. As she climbed into the back of the taxi she felt wonderfully naughty knowing the secret of what she was wearing under the coat.

The journey to the airport passed in a blur and soon she was standing in the arrival lounge waiting to meet Robert.

She felt her excitement growing as she checked the arrival screen and saw that the flight had landed and Robert would soon be walking through the doors toward her.

As the crowds of people walked passed her she smiled to herself, surprised at how sexy it made her feel to be in such a public place wearing only her sexy underwear beneath her coat. 

Her mind was wandering as she daydreamed about what might happen later once they were back in Robert's hotel. 

She was suddenly brought back to the present when she heard Robert's voice say, "Hello my darling!"

Suddenly there he was, standing in front her with a huge smile on his face. He held out his arms and she fell into his embrace. As they hugged each other tightly he whispered in her ear, "are you wearing what I asked for under the coat?"

"Yes," she replied with a schoolgirl like giggle.

"Just the underwear and nothing else?" he persisted.

"Yes, my darling, just the underwear and nothing else exactly as you requested."

As they hugged Su-Lin became aware of another westerner standing patiently next to them.

Robert pulled away and held her at arm's length. Su-Lin enjoyed the appreciative look in his eyes as he looked her up and down.

He then turned to the other western man and said, "oh, by the way Su-Lin, this is Jack!"

Su-Lin suddenly felt naked as she turned to face the other westerner. 

They had exchanged many emails but until this moment Jack had been just an anonymous admirer from the Internet who had somehow got hold of Su-Lin's pictures. 

As she smiled at Jack her mind was filled with mixed emotions.

Although he was really a total stranger Su-Lin felt that he knew her intimately. He had emailed her telling her how he had seen all of the pictures. Over many months, and with Robert's encouragement, they had emailed each other and Jack would regularly tell her about how he wanked as he looked at her pictures. In her emails Su-Lin had asked him what he imagined he was doing to her as he wanked and Jack had been very bold and explicit in his replies. She blushed as she now regretted voluntarily sending him a few more pictures showing her taking all of Robert's cock into her mouth and also some of her being fucked 'doggy' style by Robert.

Su-Lin's emotions were moving all over the place. In one sense she felt so happy to have Robert by her side once more but she felt angry that he had brought Jack with him without at least asking her first.

As the three of them walked out of the airport Robert squeezed her hand and whispered in her ear, "I hope you are not too annoyed about me bringing Jack but I thought it might be fun!"

Soon the three of them were in a taxi and heading for the hotel. 

Jack sat in the front, Robert and Su-Lin sat in the back.

Su-Lin was remembering the email replies from Jack when he described what he imagined as he wanked. The recurring theme was that he was sharing her with Robert! 

Sharing her with another man was also a recurring topic of Robert's when they talked about fantasies. In the past Robert would often pretend that another man was watching them as they made love. Su-Lin remembered admitting to Robert once, after making love, how it had really turned her on when she had been riding him and he had slipped a finger in her arse and whispered to her that it was Jack fingering her arse whilst she rode Roberts stiff cock.

Until today all of these ideas had been just fantasies but as the three of them sat in the taxi Su-Lin realised that, as far as Jack and Robert were concerned, their fantasy was one major step nearer toward reality.

They continued their journey and Su-Lin's mind was racing. She felt very uncertain that she could be intimate in real life with two men at the same time. She also felt vulnerable knowing that she only had her coat covering the sexy underwear she was wearing underneath. She realised now that this had been part of Robert's plan. 

They were soon pulling up outside the hotel. Su-Lin felt as though she was in a kind of daydream as she walked into the reception area with Robert and Jack.

As she walked she could feel the fabric of her coat brushing against her nipples, reminding her how provocatively and sexily dressed she was under her coat.

She could feel the same naughty excitement building inside her that she had felt that day in the office when she had seduced Eric. Thoughts and memories of that day flashed into her mind. She remembered how aroused she had felt and how a wild, deep urge somehow took over, suppressing her natural shyness. 

Su-Lin knew that all three of them would soon be heading for Robert's room and once she was inside she was quite sure what the men would want. 

Her thoughts were interrupted when she heard Robert say, "Su-Lin, are you ready?"

Both men were walking toward the elevator with the bellboy carrying their luggage. Su-Lin hesitated for a moment, suppressing her doubts and thoughts of leaving, before replying, "yes, I'm ready, just coming."

As the words left her lips Su-Lin felt a tingling excitement mixed with a strong feeling of nervousness as she realised she had now committed herself to go with them to the room.

All three of them and the bellboy squeezed into the small elevator. She glanced at Jack and smiled, trying to relax, knowing what he was probably expecting of her.

As the elevator doors closed Su-Lin felt a hand give her bum a quick affectionate squeeze. She turned to Robert and smiled but then realised that she had no idea whether it had been Robert or Jack who had touched her. She was shocked to realise that not knowing which of them had touched her made her feel excited.

Soon they were at the top floor. The bellboy led the way to the room, opening the door and showing them inside.

Robert gave the boy a large denomination note as a tip as he left the room leaving the three of them alone.

The room was actually a large suite comprising a large bedroom, lounge area and two bathrooms. 

The lounge area had a large, comfortable looking, 3 seat leather couch in the centre of the room with two matching armchairs, one either side.

Su-Lin felt over dressed and hot in the heavy red coat but felt much too shy to take it off. There was an awkward silence in the room as none of then felt sure what to do next. 

Robert soon broke the silence by suggesting that Su-Lin should sit on the couch and relax while he and Jack had a quick shower to freshen up after their long journey.

As Su-Lin sat in the couch Robert and Jack disappeared into the two bathrooms.

Su-Lin was still feeling nervous as she listened to the water running in the showers. 

As she sat on the couch, although feeling apprehensive about being in the room with Robert and Jack, she started to feel horny. Her mind started to wander, remembering Jack's emails where he told her how he fantasised about her as he wanked. She wondered if he was already rubbing his cock in the shower in anticipation of what might happen later.

Her mind suddenly came back to reality as she realised the sound of water had stopped and then she heard a door open. 

Robert walked over to where she was sitting. He was naked except for a towel wrapped round his waste. She looked up at him and smiled seeing a noticeable bulge under the towel. 

She got up from the couch and he took her in his arms, holding her tightly.

She could feel the bulge of his erection pressing against her as he said, "Su-Lin, Jack will be joining us at any moment. I want you to just relax, trust me and enjoy your self."

As Robert finished speaking Jack entered the room dressed the same as Robert with just a white bath towel wrapped around his waste. Robert let go of Su-Lin as they both turned to face Jack. 

Su-Lin could see that Jack also had a large bulge pushing at the towel. He noticed her gaze and said, "I was just thinking of you as I had my shower!"

Su-Lin felt herself start to blush.

Before Su-Lin could think of a suitable reply Robert said to Jack, "Why don't you sit down and make your self comfortable." 

Jack sat down at one end of the couch as if waiting for something to happen.

Su-Lin felt Robert's hands hold her shoulders firmly and turn her so she was facing Jack.

He stood directly behind her and leaned into her ear, kissing her, before saying, "Jack, do you recognise the coat that Su-Lin is wearing?"

Jack looked Su-Lin up and down with a lustful look in his eyes before replying, "Oh yes, it is the same coat that she was wearing at the start of the sexy photos."

Robert then said, "Su-Lin, shall we show Jack what you are wearing underneath the coat?"

As Robert spoke Su-Lin suddenly felt naked again, like she had at the airport. She was suddenly aware of her nipples brushing against the woollen fabric of the coat reminding her that the bra left them exposed. She could feel the two thin strands of red lace that passed either side of her pussy leaving it uncovered.

Without waiting for an answer Jack reached his arms round Su-Lin and started to slowly unfasten the buttons of her coat. One by one the buttons were freed, slowly exposing glimpses of red lace.
