 Denise and Matthew were the All-American Couple. Matthew, a tall, muscular dark-haired popular quarterback dated his blonde, thin, beautiful cheerleader girlfriend throughout high school. Now in college, their relationship remained the envy of their peers. The two seemed blessed to live the perfect life. 

Matt, though, knew Denise was never satisfied with what she had. She competed with everyone and had to win everything. He strongly disliked her attitude with keeping up with the Joneses. Couldn't they just be happy with everything they had? She seemed to think no. Finally, she went over the top.

"I was talking to Lisa, over in Coaxley Hall," Denise said. She was laying out in the sun, taking in the last of the September sunshine. Matt sat in a beach chair, his feet soaking in cold water in the plastic pool. Denise always rolled her eyes at it. 

"Yeah?" he said, hoping to avoid some sort of comparison in relationships. She always started with talking to a girl.

"Yeah. She and her boyfriend, that slob Derek, they had a threesome with another girl."

Matt sighed. Any guy would be happy with a threesome, but he felt put out that it was for bragging rights, not for the fun of it.

"Well, good on them. Does that mean we have to do that now, too? We can't discuss this or anything?"

"What? No!" Denise replied, "Besides, all guys want a threesome. And it's already in the works. My study partner from Chem Lab is coming over tonight and we're going to get it on. You're supposed to be all excited and shit about it. What's the matter with you?"

"Well, maybe I feel if you're going to do this, you should include me in the decision-making. I would definitely agree, but I want to have some input."

"Whatever, you get to see another chick naked and fuck her, just go with it," Denise said. Subject Closed. Matt shrugged and both lapsed into uncomfortable silence. 10 minutes passed before Denise spoke again.

"This girl, Clara, she's not in any sorority, she's a public health major or something, and we can't have anyone prettier than me, so she's kinda unattractive. She really needs to do something with her hair. Anyway, we'll have her over tonight, we fuck or whatever, and she goes and I can check that off my list, okay?"

"Can I say no?" Matt replied.

"No."

"Well, 'okay' then," he said. He was not surprised when Denise didn't pick up on his sarcasm. "Hey, can you make me a sandwich? I'm kinda hungry."

"What? No. Make your own sandwiches. And when you do, take my beer can, huh? I have to roll over in a minute."

That night, the doorbell rang. Matt pulled open the door. Standing on their porch was a short girl, on just the wrong side of 'curvy.' She was frumpy-looking, with frizzy hair and baggy clothes. She looked unhappy and nervous, her eyes glued to the ground.

"Hi, there," Matt said, "I'm Matt, come on in." He received a nod and a mumbled "i'm clara" and she shuttled into the house. "Denise is in the shower, so we'll have to wait, I guess. Want a beer?"

"PLEASE!" she said, and smiled. Matt noticed how white and straight her teeth looked compared to the acne riddling her face. He snatched one from the fridge and handed it to her. 

"I'm watching Star Wars right now, come on in and we can talk, make this way less awkward."

"It's the original, I hope," Clara said, "The new ones are crap. And Han shot first."

Matt grinned. 

They talked for almost 15 minutes. Clara was hijacked in chem class by Denise because she wasn't pretty and wore glasses. "She figured I was smart by the way I looked. The kicker is, I am." Clara liked languages, Sci-fi movies, and hated Wall-E. Matt asked her if she was invited or ordered to have a threesome with them. She smiled and told him he dated Denise long enough, he should know the answer to that. "She never really "asks" anyone to do things for her," Clara had said. After some getting-to-know-you time, the shower finally clicked off.

Denise came out in a towel, a cloud of steam following her.

"Oh, you made it," she said, "Let's go to the bedroom." She headed down the hallway.

"You sure?" Matt asked, "You can bail out if you like, I don't care."

"No," Clara replied, "I mean, I like sex and it's fun. This way, it's not some frat guy laughing at banging an ugly big chick, it's a sorority girl. That's new to me. Oh, and I'd lose all my social standing if Denise didn't let me be her friend anymore." Matt laughed at that.

"Okay, then," he said. Clara took her empty bottle and put it by the sink.

"These go anywhere?" she asked. 

"You can put it there." She did. They headed into the bedroom.

Denise was standing by the closet, towel puddled at her feet. She was standing, posing for the two of them. Clara immediately blushed.

"Hey, Clara, get naked! Let's compare!" Denise said. Clara hung her head and started pulling off her shirt. Matt was about to step in and protest but Clara stripped with impressive speed. She seemed to want to get it over with.

It was a study in opposites. Denise was tanned, thin, lean, with stomach muscles showing. Her long straight blonde hair was up in a pony tail. Clara was shorter, with rolls on her midsection and pockmarks from fat on her thighs and hips. Her tits were very big and her nipples stuck out. Matt never dated anyone who wasn't a size 2 and he found himself reacting thinking about playing with her rack.

Both girls looked at each other, comparing. Finally, one satisfied, one ashamed, they looked at Matt. He pulled off his own shirt and pants. Clara's eyes got big, taking in his chest and abs. Her gaze crawled over his body, and she muttered a low 'wow.' Denise was less than impressed. 

"It's no big deal, it's how all guys should look," she said.

"Maybe," Clara said, "But it's not how any guys I know look. Wow."

Matt was looking at Clara's tits when he pulled off his underwear.

"Hey!" Denise said. "You've been jacking it already? You're never hard until I touch you. You cheater! Trying to look all impressive."

"Nope," Matt shrugged, "Dunno what happened, I haven't touched anything." He tipped a wink to Clara. She caught it. Denise didn't.

"Well, whatever. Come here," Denise said. She sat on the bed. Matt stood in front of her and she started to lick his hard dick. Clara moved behind him and ran her hands on his back, his arms, and his chest.

"You look incredible," she breathed into his ear, her tits squished against his back. She kicked the inside of his ankle, forcing him to spread his feet. While Denise was busy taking the head of his dick in her mouth, Clara slid her tits down his back, her soft hands trailing down his legs. She was kneeling behind him.

Her tongue worked itself into his asshole.

Matt never had anything anywhere near his ass before. The sensation was sexy, incredible. His hips shot forward into Denise's mouth. 

"What the fuck?!?" she demanded, "NEVER do that! You know I choke!" Her angry stare dropped from his face to between his legs. Her eyes grew wide.

"Is... she..." she started.

"Rimjob?" Matt said, his voice husky. ".....yeah...." Clara was licking his asshole, sucking on it, nipping his cheeks. Never had something other than his dick felt so good. He could imagine cumming from just her working him from behind. He gasped again as Clara's tongue burrowed deep into him.

Denise went back to work with renewed vigor. She tried to get half his dick into her mouth. She failed, glanced up at him, saw him focused on Clara, and announced, "Okay, let's trade!"

Matt spun 180 degrees, his cock waving in front of Clara's face. She looked delighted to see it. He felt light, unconfident licks on the backs of his legs as Denise worked up her courage. Clara looked up at him.

"Can I suck it? I really want your cock in my mouth," she whispered. Denise never paid much attention to things other people said, so she didn't hear Clara. Matt nodded. Clara's lips covered the head of his cock. Millimeter by millimeter, she eased her way down. His dick was slowly surrounded by warm, wet mouth. His dick slowly, completely disappeared down her throat. He was in heaven when he felt a wet soft tickle on his balls. 'She's tonguing them,' he thought.

Denise was now kissing, actually kissing, his asscheeks.

Clara pulled her face off his cock in a single second. She sweetly up at him. She put her mouth on his cock and went down again. He felt his balls tighten. She stopped moving until he caught his breath and his orgasm subsided. Then, her head bobbed up and down. Matt fought cumming. He knew if he let himself go, she could be swallowing his load already. He forgot every other blowjob he ever had while Clara was sucking his dick. Every few strokes, she would go all the way down, then pull off with gentle suction. Matt's dick throbbed and he was sure he'd never been harder in his life.

Denise must have gotten wind. She pulled off his ass and jumped on the bed.

"Let's fuck!" she said. She pulled Matt on the bed, and pushed him on his back. They rarely had sex with her on top. She worked her pussy down his cock and started sliding up and down. Looking him in the eyes, Denise smiled fiercely.

Her face disappeared. A large, pasty thigh came into few, followed by a round, fat ass. Matt looked up and saw Clara's back tower over him. She lowered herself, easing her pussy onto his mouth. She rubbed his lips with her lips for a few seconds before shock wore off. Mark's tongue slid along her gash and tickled her clit. She moaned and rolled her hips over his face. He ate her pussy as Denise continued to fuck his dick. Clara reached down and pulled his hands to her chest. He groped and squeezed her huge tits, pulling on her nipples. He felt her flesh spill out the side of his hands. She slid closer down his body, putting her asshole at his mouth. Matt felt he should repay the favor and tongued her asshole. 

"So," Clara said to Denise, "Want to make out?"

Denise stopped moving, Matt's cock pulsing in her cunt.

"What?" she said.

"Want to make out?"

"Fuck, no!" Denise said.

"Can I play with your tits, at least?" Clara asked. Denise made an angry grumble noise and suddenly Matt's cock went cold. He heard the bathroom door slam seconds later and the shower kicked back on.

"Huh," Clara said, "She left you unfinished. That's not fair." She rotated her body, faced Matt, and leaned over his cock. She slid his head into her.

"Jesus Christ!" Matt said.

"Yeah, I usually give blowjobs. I might be a little tight," Clara said.

A little tight was an understatement. Matt's cock felt like it was getting crushed in a hot, wet vice. Clara worked her way down his dick, grunting, fighting to get him in. He reached up and played with her big tits again.

The shower continued to run as Matt was fully seated in Clara's pussy. She moved her hips and he flinched. She swirled her hips and he groaned out loud.

"Cum for me," she said. She slid up and down on him, milking him for all she was worth. His balls erupted and he bucked in bed. He shot his load deep into Clara's tight pussy. She kept pumping her hips, working his cock until he collapsed, out of breath.

"Never...*gasp* before.... *gasp* ....so good...." He tried to breath.

Clara glowed at him, smiling. She moved off him and his cock popped out of her with a wet slop noise. She leaned across him and kissed his forehead. He fought to catch his breath. Clara looked down in time to see a blob of cum sliding out of her on her thigh. She wiped it with a finger and stuck it in her mouth. Her eyes lit up.

"Tasty!" She said. Matt laughed. He felt completely drained and exhausted.

While they laid in bed, the shower cut off, the bathroom door opened. Denise came in, glaring daggers, enraged. She didn't say a word, just grabbed clothes and left. Twenty seconds later, the front door opened and slammed.

"Well," Clara said, "She's not happy. Hey, you looked hungry. Want a sandwich?"