 Summer sessions were a grind. Three hours of classes each morning for six weeks were followed by more hours of studying before I waited tables at night. It was shaping up to be a summer with no fun.

No fun for me, anyway. My kid sister Erica and her friends were having plenty of it, usually right outside my window.

Of course, they were hardly kids, and that made it all the more distracting. Erica and her friends had all graduated high school in June, and our house was where they would have one last fling before heading off to college.

It was a good site for it. Our parents worked, and the pool out back was secluded, surrounded by a five-foot wooden fence.

The routine was the same that summer. When classes got out, I would eat lunch and then go to my second floor bedroom and study. I had a clear view to the pool where Erica, Christy, Danielle, Lisa and Jen gathered each afternoon to sunbathe.

It was the typical case of knowing each of them for years and then suddenly seeing them as full grown, no longer clumsy, gawky or timid. And seeing what they had grown into was far more interesting than my physics books. 

My windows were usually closed because of the air conditioning, but I always knew when Danielle arrived. About five four and on the chunky side, her laugh boomed around the pool and her trash talking as the girls played volleyball in the water or badminton was boisterous. She was a bouncy and buoyant redhead, easily a d-cup held firmly in the blue one piece she wore when she came over. It always seemed painted on and I readily imagined peeling it off.

Christy was longer and leaner, maybe five nine and about 120 pounds or so. Often as the others cavorted, she reclined on her elbows on the patio, her feet swirling through the water. She was no more than an a-cup, and was often wrapped into an orange floral bikini with a halter top. I would look out the window and see her at the edge of the pool and imagine licking the insides of her thighs all the way to her pussy as I stood in the water. 

Lisa was petite and perky, her blonde hair always in a pony tail that dropped just below her shoulder blades. I think she belonged to the bikini of the week club, and every day I peeked out to see what she was modeling that might be new. My favorite was pink with green trim, a string full bottom and triangle top that framed her b-cups so nicely.

Lisa, who could not have weighed more than 115, always seemed to be on tiptoe, and as she bounced around the yard or stood on the diving board, I loved to watch her energy and the way her high cut bikinis rode up her hips.

Jen was part asian, maybe five seven with long black hair and slender. She was angular and her nipples always poked through the top of the racer's suit she wore. The suits were usually dark blue or green, often cut away at the middle to show her flat tight stomach.

It was about a week before finals and I was trying to be interested in equations as my head dropped over my desk. I needed to nap. I left the book open and stripped to my boxers and t-shirt.

In bed, I knew I had to jerk off to really fall asleep. My mind flashed on Christy, wearing the new blue bikini emblazoned with dark blue palm trees and an orange setting sun she was showing off outside my window. My cock stiffened, and I stroked lightly with two fingers and my thumb, coaxing it up but wanting to savor the feeling building all summer.

My eyes were closed as I imagined Christy's fingers instead of mine, gently caressing me as she told me how much she liked my seven-inch cock.

"Don, do you know where the towels are?" came a voice. "Oh my God, I am soo sorry," I heard as I opened my eyes to see Lisa at my bedroom door.

With my cock out and exposed, there was no way to hide what I was doing. Still, I pulled the sheet over me. I expected her to run out, already imaging what she would tell Erica and the others out by the pool.

Instead, she came into the room, shutting the door behind her. 

"Looks like someone is having a party for one," she said, kneeling on the edge of my bed.

"So, just who are you thinking about when you do this?" she asked as she pulled away the covers. My dick jutted into the air, inches from her slender fingers. "It must be somebody good, just look at that thing."

"Uhhhh," was all I could say.

"Which one of us gets you that horny? Christy? Danielle? They all look hot today. Maybe it's more than one of us. Should I go back and tell them so we can have some real fun?"

By now, Lisa was leaning over me, hands and mouth so close as she smiled. "Whose name do you call when you cum?" she asked.

"What if I said you?" I asked. The string on the front of her top was within reach now. Her perky breasts hung low in it, the nipples hard as she smiled at me.

"Where do you think about cumming? In my mouth? My pussy? Maybe all over my titties?"

"All over you," I said. "Especially on your lips."

Throwing caution to the wind, I reached out and slowly tugged at the string in the front of her top. It draped to my chest as her breasts emerged.

"Now who said you could do that?" she asked with a giggle.

"Well, you get to see a lot of me right now. Fair's fair," I said as I cupped her right breast. It fit my palm perfectly and I rubbed her nipple as she giggled.

"Who says I shouldn't just leave you here alone?"

"Who says you should go get Jen too?" I leaned up and sucked her nipples, drawing them into my teeth. She pushed back from me and looked down.

"Who says you could handle me and Jen? Shouldn't you start with one of us?" With that she climbed into bed, straddling herself over my rigid dick.

I reached up, pushing her top aside as she began to press on my cock

My thumbs covered her nipples, pressing against their stiffness. I pulled her to me for a kiss. She teased me a bit, pulling her head back as I leaned up, so I moved my mouth to her breasts.

I sucked each nipple hard, biting gently, circling them with my tongue and I grabbed Lisa's ass and pulled it down over me.

"Ohhhh, aren't we the horny boy?" she asked as she pushed me back to the pillow. She slipped off her top and tossed it just as the bedroom door opened again. Her top hit Jen's face she walked in.

"What the?" asked Jen as she shook her head. She bent down and picked up Lisa's top.

"Oh, hi Jen. Don was just asking for you," Lisa said as she straightened up. I kept my hands on her breasts, pushing them up and down.

"I should go," said Jen. "You two have fun."

Lisa sprang from the bed and caught Jen by the shoulders. 

"No Jen, stay with us," she said. "Look what he has for us."

Lisa led Jen to the bed and pushed her hand to my cock. I was surprised I didn't cum right than and there, especially as Lisa pushed Jen's hand over my cock before caressing her breasts.

"Mmmm, it is nice," said Jen, her fingers spreading over the shaft, then cupping the head.

"I caught him jerking off – we shouldn't make him do that alone, should we," asked Lisa as she kissed Jen's neck and tugged at the straps of her one piece.

"Noo – we shouldn't let him be all alone like that," Jen said as she shrugged her shoulders and let the top of her suit slide down. Her nipples jutted out, chocolate on tan skin.

I reached out and rubbed Jen's pussy through her suit. She jumped a bit, then pressed against my fingers. Her wetness began to seep.

"Oh my God, you two are crazy," Jen said as she spread her legs. Lisa pushed the one piece down further until I caught her wrist and pulled her to me.

I sat up to kiss her, drawing her tongue into my mouth. I moved my hand from Jen's pussy to Lisa's, slipping it inside her bottoms as we French kissed.

Lisa was soaking. As she shifted to let my fingers slip inside her tight hole, I felt a warm sensation on the head of my cock

Jen had leaned over to give it a tongue bath, traveling up and down the shaft with the tip of her tongue. Back and forth she went as Lisa pushed me back on the bed. 

"Go girl," Lisa said, then climbed into bed again. She snuggled in next to me as we kissed.

"Why don't you suck it for a while?" I asked her as Jen's lips drew the head of my cock into her mouth.

"Wanna switch, Jen?" Lisa asked her as she turned to face her.

"Sure, but save some for me," said Jen.

Where Jen was slow and sure, Lisa was wild and aggressive, taking my cock into her hands then sucking at the top third loudly. Her ass pushed up in the air, so I slipped a finger inside her sopping pussy again.

Jen curled into bed with me, her one piece still half off.

We kissed through the sounds of Lisa sucking and stroking my cock. I pulled out my finger from Lisa's pussy and let Jen lick it.

I pushed my finger in and out of her mouth as I sucked her nipples. Lisa stroked the base of my cock as she sucked the head, and still had the balance to slide her hand inside Jen's one piece so the three of us were simultaneously kissing, licking, fingering and sucking each other.

My cum was boiling as my cock throbbed in Lisa's mouth. I moaned and my hips rose as I tried to fuck her mouth.

That was when she pulled back. Looking towards me and Jen with a smile, Lisa, caught Jen by the wrist and turned her to my cock.

"He's gonna cum, want some?" she said.

The two of them were on all fours, each licking at my cock.

"Ohhh baby, here it cums," I shouted, feeling a surge rushing through me. The first splatter hit Lisa in the forehead. The second splashed across Jen's breasts and she sucked at the head as the third flew out.

Jen pulled back and stroked my cock, aiming it at Lisa's open mouth for a fourth and fifth spurt. My hips were still raised as they giggled and bathed my cock, stopping to roll their tongues together over the head.

My head dropped back to the pillow, my cock still quivering.

"So, was that better than your hand?" asked Lisa. She had straightened up and loomed above me as Jen continued to lick my rod.

"That was amazing," I moaned, "But what can I do for you now?"

Jen stopped licking my cock and climbed to the other side of Lisa. I reached out to rub my cum into her skin.

Jen pushed her suit down over her slender stomach, wriggling as it dropped to her thighs. A small wisp of black pussy hair was already wet. She stood up and shimmied out of her suit, then stretched her leg over my face as she climbed back into bed.

Her pink pussy lips met the tip of my tongue as Lisa held Jen's waist and guided her over my face. I tasted her with long laps of my tongue, sliding it inside her as I could. With a free hand, I resumed my work Lisa's tight hole, now running two fingers deep inside her.

Jen began rocking over my mouth, then cupped the back of my head with one hand as she pressed herself down over me.

"Ohhhh, you look so hot riding him," said Lisa as she leaned over and kissed Jen.

"Yeahhhhhhhhh, oh yeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhh, he's amazing," cooed Jen. She and Lisa kissed more, I looked up to see their tongues entwined before Lisa leaned down and sucked Jen's nipple.

"Ooooooooooooooohhhhhhhh," moaned Jen, bucking over me. She gripped my neck with both hands now, writhing over my face.

"Are you gonna cum for him? Are you gonna cum for us?" asked Lisa, breaking the kiss and wrapping her arms around Jen. She pulled her close as Jen's juices flowed over my chin.

By now I was holding Jen's hips tight, she could barely move as her orgasm tore through her.

I thought her wails would break my window, I was sure everyone outside could hear us. As Jen spasmed over me, I found Lisa's clit with my thumb.

And suddenly they were coming together, Lisa squirming as her orgasm built and Jen's subsided.

She came with grunts and groans, thrusting herself at my thumb as it pressed her bottoms.

I was rock hard again, my cock jutting upwards. As Lisa steadied herself on my leg, she brushed against it. Without missing a beat, she slid over and mounted me. Slowly she lowered herself over my cock. Her silky pussy lips engulfed the head.

Down she went, as Jen turned to watch.

"He's so big, how does it feel?" she asked as Lisa began rocking up and down.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm, I think he's getting harder," moaned Lisa

She stretched herself all the way up, letting her pussy lips grip the head of my cock before slipping down and letting it fill her. As Jen spun around to watch, I sniffed at her pussy and kissed it more. She repositioned herself into a reverse cowboy as I opened her pussy lips and sucked.

Lisa and Jen hung on to each other's shoulders as round two began. Then they shared a kiss.

Jen pulled herself from my tongue and stood up.

"Let's make this little slut cum," she said as she straddled me behind Lisa, whose ponytail was bobbing up and down as she rode my rod.

Jen cupped those perky tits and kissed Lisa's neck.

"Do you like his cock you little slut?"

"Yess, oh my God yess..."

Jen kissed her again and pinched her nipples. Her hand moved over her stomach, caressing her skin as she rose up and down, then pressed at her clit over her bikini.

"Do you want to cum for us? Do you want to scream and wet his cock?"

Lisa simultaneously clenched my cock and soaked it as a second orgasm rocked her body. As she had held Jen down, now Jen pushed her hard over me, wrapped in a grip as Lisa turned to kiss her.

That was enough for me. With a hard thrust upward I fired my cum inside Lisa, a long spurt that seemed to weigh pounds. Jen pushed Lisa over my cock, holding her down as my hips flared up with each splash. 

"Oh my God ladies," I moaned as my cock began to soften and Lisa rose up to let is fall against my stomach.

"How am I going to wear this outside now?" asked Lisa, pointing to her soaked bottoms.

"Just dive in the pool real fast," Jen said, reaching down to catch cum dripping from Lisa. "Maybe horny boy will come out and swim with us."