 For all my life I had been a lover of a woman in a sexy thong. And well as I reached my college years that remained true and in fact my love for a woman in a sexy thong became more of an obsession. During class I would check out every woman I could to see if that t-bone was peaking out at me. Sure a lot of the time I was disappointed but often enough I'd be in heaven for at least an hour. Now having a woman whom I was hot for and who had the hots for me as well still did not detour me from carrying out my own little favorite class pastime. How I was crazy about Cecile, but as I said before nothing stopped me from my little voyeuristic behavior.

It was yet another day of classes for me, although my best class of the day was approaching thankfully. I was on my way towards French when she snuck up behind me in the plaza. The first sign to me that it was her was the seductive whisper in my ear, "I want you to fuck me here and now make me scream for everyone to hear." Immediately after hearing her voice and those dirty words I became aroused. I turned to her grabbing her hand and I smiled.

"Now, now sexy don't tempt me. Because you know I'd be all for it if you absolutely wanted it. I'd fuck that tight pussy of yours until you couldn't take it anymore." We kissed quickly as we continued on towards class. As we entered the room and took our seats in the back, we had started sitting further back because we enjoyed not having everyone see what we were up to. I looked around checking out the day's prospects. The same usual suspects tantalized me.

Sitting just in front of me was one of the hottest red heads I had ever seen. Her name was Melissa; I always eavesdropped in order to learn more about her. Oh how many days her lace thongs had driven me wild. Her cute panties with their seductive phrases had caused me to daydream through class. And well how sometimes when she never wore any underwear had caused me to just stare for over an hour.

Sitting next to her was obviously her friend, Jennifer. The two of them always seemed to mimic one another when it came to what they wore. She always had a lace thong on when her friend did, but instead of having a thong of the same color, she tended to wear the exact opposite. Now often while the redhead you couldn't always see the thong or panties in general, with this blond there pretty much was always something to see. Day in and day out she would lean forward to retrieve something from her bag and all I could do is stare as I could see more and more of that fabric up her sexy ass crack.

I sat down in my seat relishing the day. How could it have gotten any better for me really? Sitting next to me was the hottest woman I had ever been with. Her sex drive was able to match my own as well as her desire to explore all options. And well sitting in front of me were two of the finest asses I had ever had the pleasure of viewing while I was supposed to be learning for my future. 

The professor walked into class the same time that he had always done. Ten minutes after noon he began his lecture. Mostly showing us French grammar structure as well as supplying us with new phrases to use in our own writings. I leaned towards Cecile whispering, "I'm going to fuck you so hard tonight that you won't be able to get up for hours. You'll just have to lay there and be at my mercy." Her snicker brought a smile to my face as she continued to concentrate on her notes. "I'm going to fill you up so whenever you get up tonight you'll drip my juices. I'm going to also cover your face with my cum." Her hand sliding over my leg told me how ready she was for after class. We had become closer and closer after the Valentine's Day surprise I had cooked up for her and well we spent more and more time together away from studying.

She leaned in close to me, "Well it's going to have to wait another forty-five minutes, ok? But right now please take some notes for me since I have to use the restroom. If I come back and see you didn't take any at all then you won't be getting any of me tonight for dinner. And definitely none of me for dessert let alone breakfast." My eyes widened at her threat. Unfortunately I knew she was sincere. She had done this to me before and it was one of the hardest things I had gone through. I agreed to take notes until she got back.

She slipped past me and up the stairs and off towards the bathroom. I uncapped my pen ready to fulfill my duty but my eyes wandered towards the red and blond hair sitting in front of me. Slowly they repelled their way down to the chair and even lower. Soon sitting before me were probably the two sexiest thongs I had seen in my life. Jennifer was wearing a sheer black thong; the sides were pulled up over her hips causing the fabric to cram between her wonderfully plump cheeks. Melissa was wearing something odd for the pair; she had a lace thong on instead of the sheer I figure she would have normally been wearing. The black fabric stood out wonderfully against her fair skin and I couldn't help but wonder as to what she looked like without all the clothing on, sure she could keep that sexy thong on.

After staring at the pair for a few more seconds I made a quick decision in my mind. I just had to have this sight on record for as long as I possibly could. I reached into my bag and pulled my small pen cam out. I had bought this for just this reason actually. I've had it for almost 4 years and well it's come in quite handy as anyone could see if they ever got on my computer. I aimed it where I thought I could get the best shot and snapped a quick picture. In my mind I smiled at myself not wanting to wait to see this shot again, but I better take another one or two or three just to be sure I got it. I was just about to take the second picture when Cecile returned. She stared at me menacingly looking the camera in my hand and then at me directly. All I could do was shrink as I had been caught. She quickly retook her seat and looked at me again. 

"You were taking pictures of their thongs weren't you?" She quizzed me as quietly as she could. "You really shouldn't be doing that without their permission or knowledge at least. I had known you used to do this but still I didn't think you still did now that you have me." She looked really pissed off and all I could do was shrink into my chair. I quietly put my camera away and turned towards her to apologize. "No you don't get to apologize. I mean I should end what we have going together right now. No, no let me finish," she quickly added in, as I was about to say something. "Now I think you should be punished for this, and not just by me."

My face turned white at those horrible words. I tried to protest but her hand shot up to my mouth to silence me as she leaned forward and began whispering to the hot women in front of us. Their discussion lasted several minutes, by the time they had stopped talking there were only a couple minutes of class left. Everyone had actually begun to pack their bags. Melissa and Jennifer were pretty much ready to go and so was Cecile. The three of them talked amongst themselves as I sat back running punishments through my mind. Would they display my pervert tendencies for all the campus to see? Would they force me to perform humiliating actions? Or would they just castrate me and be done with me forever? Each scenario played in my mind and I became more and more nervous. My lust for Cecile earlier had withered away to almost a pure panic. I wasn't ready for all of this.

As class ended the three girls got up from their seats. Cecile grabbed my hand and hastily pulled my body from the chair. We made our way out onto the campus plaza and horrors entered my head as I figured the punishment would occur now. Instead we continued on and finally made it back to my apartment. I breathed a heavy sigh of relief, as it appeared I wouldn't be humiliated in public. "Now for you to be punished your pervert. Take off all your clothes right now," Cecile ordered me. I quickly did as was told and soon I stood before three of the hottest women alive completely naked. All three women admired my toned body. My muscles trembled with nervousness as their eyes roved over my frame. It seemed to me as if they were making a mental note of every inch of me for future reference.

Cecile reached down and took a firm hold of my semi-hard penis and pulled me towards the bedroom. She stopped me in front of my clothes closet and instructed me to wait. I waited there still being eyed by Jennifer and Melissa while Cecile rummaged in my sex toy drawer. She finally found what she was looking for, and stood up with handcuffs in hand. "Now step back into the closet and hold your hands up near the bar." I again did as I was told as she stepped forward securing one cuff around one wrist. As she reached up to cuff the other wrist she winked at me. She began to whisper in my ear, "When we really get into this you jump in ok? Just make sure you either fill me up at the end or cover my face with cum." Abruptly her voice changed to more of a command voice from her loving voice earlier. "Now you're going to watch us and always know you won't be able to have these two ok? Do you understand you fucking pervert?" I nodded my head as she gently slapped my face making it appear that she really meant it.

Melissa and Jennifer still stood there watching the interaction between Cecile and myself. Both were smiling widely as they held hands. Jennifer was the first to speak up, "So what did you have in mind exactly? Are we going to whip him or something?"

"No let's leave him there for a while and go shopping or something with his money," Melissa offered. I began to protest when Cecile slapped me again.

"No girls we're going to torture this pervert the best way possible. We're going to fuck in front of him and he won't be able to move from there until I let him go. I figure I'll leave him there for a day or so after we're done." Melissa and Jennifer looked at one another with some apprehension but soon agreed to Cecile's plan.

I really couldn't believe it. Right before my eyes and my naked body three girls were going to fuck each other until they couldn't take it any more, and the best yet is Cecile is just arranging a wonderfully enjoyable group sex session for me. I stared at them as their hands began to glide over one another. Cecile took the initiative and quickly pulled Jennifer's clothes off leaving only her thong. Melissa quickly bent down and took a nipple into her mouth while she rolled the other between her fingers with a free hand. Jennifer tilted her head back enjoying the feeling as Cecile pulled out my camera.

"What's that for? I really don't know if you should take pictures of all this," Melissa quickly objected.

"Well what we'll do is take the pictures and also take pictures of this pitiful pervert in his current state. Then what we'll do is post them online for the entire world to see. And with it posted we'll make sure to label him as a pervert ok?"

A smile crossed all of their faces as Cecile began to snap pictures of the other two. Jennifer quickly pulled Melissa's shirt up over her head revealing wonderfully small pointy tits that I wanted to suck on more than anything. Melissa then quickly began to play with her own tits while she sucked on her friend's. Cecile continued to direct the whole situation as pants came off and both ladies were kissing each other in their thongs. Things got hard for Cecile, as she was not used to being away from the action as much as being the center of it. She quickly pulled her clothes off. She wasn't wearing any panties and her freshly shaven pussy glistened with her wetness.

Melissa and Jennifer smiled when they saw Cecile's state and they promptly pulled their thongs off. Both ladies tossed them at me hoping to hook their thongs on my throbbing cock. It was much like a game to them at this point. They then began to kiss while Cecile continued to photograph the two. Both their pussies were also shaven as well as glistening with their juices. Each was now running their fingers over those wet mounds while their tongues did the tango within their mouths.

Cecile quickly put the camera down and once again rummaged through our sex toy drawer. She quickly produced several vibrators and lay down on the bed. She beckoned the two other women to join her. Once there all three of them began to kiss while hands roamed across naked bodies. Soft moans filled the room as hands touched the most private and sensitive areas. "God this is definitely better than anything I've had recently from a man," Jennifer gasped between kisses.

"Hey at least you've had a good fucking lately Jenn," Melissa quickly countered. "I haven't had so much as a good orgasm in so very long. So damned much school as of late I just want to cum." Cecile smiled as she laid Melissa down on the bed.

"Well I think I'll just have to remedy that then." She picked up the 8 inch vibrating dong and rubbed it across Melissa's wet slit. As it ran across the moist flesh it became coated with those sweet juices. Slowly the dong delved deeper insider her folds until it couldn't penetrate any further. Cecile slowly withdrew the dong and then plunged it back in abruptly.

"Fuck that feels good. Does it have a good vibe in it sweetie?" Cecile's only as was to twist the end of the dong causing the vibrator to switch on. Soon Melissa's body writhed on the bed. Her hips bucked against the dong trying to force it further into her. Cecile leaned down and quickly flicked her tongue across the swollen love button causing moans to escape Melissa's mouth. "Fuck me hard baby. Make me cum all over this dick."

Cecile needed little encouraging as she rammed the dong in and out of that tight hole. She was so caught up in fucking this poor girl and lapping at those sweet tasting juices that she didn't immediately realize Jennifer was probing her own hole with several fingers. "Mmm...keep that up Jenn and I might fuck you as hard as I'm fucking Melissa here." Jenn bit her lower lip anxiously as she slid her fingers in and out faster every now and then curling them towards Cecile's stomach to tickle her g-spot. Every time Jenn did this it caused Cecile to moan into Melissa's pussy.

I stood in the closet enjoying my little show waiting until the time was right for me to release myself from these cuffs and to go join in on the action. "God girls I can't take any more," I pleaded from my position. "Please let me join in. I promise I will be a good boy from now on. No more perverted actions from this guy, I promise." But my pleads went unheard as all three became engrossed in what they were doing.

Cecile still fucked Melissa with the dong, the vibrator was now set on it's maximum setting causing her to cry out with pleasure. From what I could tell she had already reached climax at least once. While Cecile fucked that beautiful hole, Jenn probed her own hole with four fingers now. Cecile was moaning as well as Jenn rubbed her g-spot to death. I know she had already had at least two orgasms since she was always easy to bring to the brink whenever she was rubbed there. While Jenn probed Cecile's pussy she worked herself with a light up vibrator. She plunged the hard piece of plastic in and out of her. You could hear the slurping sounds as she pulled the vibe out of her and then plunged it back in. She now leaned forward as the waves of pleasure broke over her body. She rested her head on Cecile's ass as she finally climaxed. 

"God I'm cumming," she screamed as she pulled the vibe from her and quickly began to work her clit with her fingers. "All I need now is something to suck on and I'll be happy for the rest of my life." Cecile hearing this quickly pushed her pussy towards Jenn's face.

"Suck on this and you'll get a treat," she offered.

"Don't mind if I do," she quickly replied. All three women were dancing in and out of ecstasy when I finally realized it was the perfect time for me. I silently depressed the safety button to the handcuffs and pulled my wrists free. Smiling I stealthily moved behind Jenn and positioned myself to impale her with my shaft.

Nervously I began to rub my head along her soaking wet slit. Soon it was covered with her juices as I began to push deep within her. To my surprise she didn't complain. Instead she reached back and pulled her cheeks apart allowing me freer access to her most private areas. "Stick a finger in my ass pervert," she commanded. Her voice was filled with lust as she continued to lap at Cecile's wet pussy. I complied with her command as I lubed a finger with my saliva and pressed it into her tight hole. She clenched her muscles quickly trapping my finger in there for a second until she unclenched them. I fucked her sweet hole, slurping sounds now filled the room as well as the moans and dirty talk that was coming from the women.

"God fuck me more Cecile make me cum again I need it," Melissa begged. "Oh god that's the spot. Oh...oh shit I'm gonna cum again, keep going." Cecile was practically pounding that sweet little pussy with the dong. Soon Melissa's hips were bucking on the bed as her orgasm ripped through her body. Even from where I was I could see all the muscles quivering from the orgasm. Soon she was completely exhausted as she laid back, she pulled the dong from her as she watched Jenn lick Cecile while I fucked Jenn.

Both girls were now moaning loudly again, "God...yes...more, give me more... please make me cum, please!" My cock now glided in and out of Jenn as her orgasm washed over her. Her entire body began to shake as she screamed with pleasure. I could feel her pussy walls grab at my cock trying to hold it in her. I pulled out of her and began to lap at the juices that flowed from her. The taste of her was marvelous. She tasted almost as good as Cecile. Soon Jenn also collapsed from her orgasms and that left Cecile and me.

Cecile lay on her back staring at my glistening cock. She pulled her legs up towards her head. Her knees were next to her head as I pressed myself into her. "Fuck that feels good. You've no idea how I missed having this in me baby."

"And you have no idea how much I've wanted to get in here. You really do know how to punish someone though. But now I'm going to punish you for your punishment on me. I think I'll cover these two beautiful ladies with my cum instead of you."

"Oh baby please I want your cum so badly. I want to taste you again."

"How badly do you want it?"

"More than anything in this world. Please give me your cum. Cum in me or on me please, I need it."

Her begging persuaded me. I fucked her wet love canal harder than I had fucked anyone in my life. My balls not only slapped against her but also slammed against her. The force of my thrusts caused her to slide back and forth wildly on the bed. Melissa and Jenn lay next to Cecile holding one another watching me fuck her. "God I'm going to cum," she screamed. Her orgasm ripped through her body. She bucked wildly on the bed. The orgasm so strong that she was no longer able to keep her knees by her head. Her legs fell down over my shoulders and her pussy grabbed onto me. I could feel her clench and unclench around me. Her body was attempting to milk my juices from me.

I pulled out and quickly straddled her beautiful face. I worked my cock vigorously, finally spurting the hot white liquid all over her wanting face, and into her waiting mouth. She swallowed all of the cum that she could possibly get. Soon I was spent, I sat back at the head of the bed and watched as the three girls kissed. Melissa and Jenn licked the cum from Cecile's face. All three seemed to be completely satisfied as they beckoned me to join them.

I moved in right next to Cecile and quickly felt Jenn wrap her arms around me while Melissa wrapped her arms around Cecile. Our sweaty bodies mingled into one large sweaty mass as we lay there caressing one another and kissing.
