 I awoke this morning feeling sensual and naughty. Sleeping naked does that for me. During warm weather, we are environmentally friendly: instead of turning the air conditioning on, we take clothes off. Jim also finds that having a warm house encourages our women friends to wear less or take something off when they arrive and feel the heat.

Readers of "Submission: Part 1" will know that I am a petite, in height only, blonde with a voluptuous figure. I acquired a 30-year-old "boyfriend," who is my pride and joy, because I am old enough to be his mother. I nudged Jim.

"Daddy, I have something to tell you."

"What, sweetie?"

"Well, that man Fwed Lecher did something naughty to me last night! He made me be naughty, too!"

"Did you enjoy being naughty?"

"Yes. Why is it fun to be naughty?"

"Because you are letting yourself enjoy pleasures that other girls think are improper and deny themselves. They are inhibited."

" Is that why he wanted to put his thing in me so much, why it made my tummy feel so funny, why it felt so good, and why he groaned when he was squirting his cream into me?"

"Very cute, Sylvia! Maybe Fred would enjoy you playing that role."

"What role do you want me to play for my next date with Fred?"

"I want you to be a very sexually submissive woman."

That afternoon, I could tell by the look on Jim's face that his feverish brain had been busy scheming to entangle me in another sexual adventure.

"Here's an interesting idea! We've driven by that sex store out of town many times, and I've often wanted to have a look. Let's see what they have!" 

We had supper at home, and I really needed the wine, because I was too excited to eat much. We got to Personal Pleasures at about 7, while the sun was still up. We had read erotica about such stores with private booths for watching porn, glory holes for the more adventurous and sometimes small movie theaters. Maybe there would be only lingerie, books, magazines, and videos. My pussy moistened on the way as I imagined various sexy scenarios.

Jim coaxed and dared me to wear nothing but my raincoat, which covered me to a few inches above my knees when I was standing! I expected to button it up as well as tie it, but insisted that I only tie it at the waist. He allowed me large sunglasses and a wide-brimmed hat to hide my identity. Personal Pleasures was way out of town but inside the county in sight from the interstate. Near it was a strip club. That was convenient. People could watch strippers, get excited, and find help in the sex store. 

Jim entered with me hanging back onto his hand; my legs were shaking. On our left, was the counter with an ordinary looking, sandy-haired, middle-aged male manager sitting behind it and reading a newspaper. A bell discreetly jingled as we entered, and he looked up.

"Welcome folks! Look around, and let me know if you need help finding what you want!"

Heads turned at our entrance. I counted 6 male heads turned and one young couple who remained absorbed in their shopping. The guy picked up a big, black dildo, at which the girl eeeked and giggled. It probably would have split her in half. She had long, blonde hair and wore short shorts displaying nice legs. Her guy was probably showing her off, and she was enough of an exhibitionist to enjoy it. 

The left wall was lined with bookshelves, on which there was a variety of erotica (The Memoirs of Josephine was a favorite of Jim's), and racks of sex magazines, the covers of which mostly displayed women who looked well-equipped for pleasure. In the center of the room were racks with DVDs on both sides. Halfway back were glass counters displaying a bewildering variety of sex toys. I marveled at how many devices there were for frustrated guys to masturbate! There were plenty of dildos, vibrators and ticklers for us girls, too. 

Along the back wall were the sexy clothes, many filmy, insubstantial garments designed more to reveal than conceal. There was a dressing room for trying them on. I imagined being naked there and trying on a little nothing with several lustful men cruising nearby. 

The young couple was examining the negligees, and he picked one out for her that was very short and transparent. She giggled. He pulled her into the dressing room to try it on. I heard laughing and giggling. As my competition, she was too young and pretty, especially with my more ample endowments covered by a raincoat. Two of the other customers approached the dressing room, probably hoping to catch the couple coupling. Then, they emerged, the girl carrying the negligee. A man asked how it fit, and she asked if he'd like to see, laughed, wiggled her ass, and walked with her guy to purchase the negligee. 

When they left, I was the only woman and almost felt an obligation give the men some live entertainment. Jim had dared me to flash, if I saw an interested man. Too embarrassed to handle vibrators in front of strange men, I sashayed around to the right side of the DVD racks. A sign on the right wall said Video Booths above the entrance to another room.

Jim appeared with a red dog collar to try around my neck! It had steel studs on the outside and a dog tag to be inscribed with my and my owner's name. Satisfied with the fit, he took it to buy. Then, he returned to put it around my neck. Two men were watching and learning that I was sexually submissive.

"Go down on one knee to look at videos on the bottom rack!" he whispered into my ear.

I obeyed, which parted my raincoat to display the outside of my right thigh up to my hip! Jim then left me and walked around to the other side. I took a quick glance to my right to see if anybody had noticed. A man was viewing me with interest and a slight smile. When I turned my attention back to the DVDs, he moved closer and closer, pretending to be searching for a movie. I picked out "A Hard Man Is Good to Find." Jim returned and helped me up.

"Let's take a peek in here," he said.

We stepped through the beaded curtain of the doorway into the room of the video booths, which lined the far wall. Jim looked back to check if the man who was sniffing around me were still interested. He beckoned for the man to follow. Then he ordered me to flash the guy. When the man appeared, Jim untied my raincoat. I was trembling when I opened it slowly to show the guy my legs, tits and pussy! The man took his hard cock out to show me.

Jim pulled my raincoat off, turned me to face him, grabbed my buttocks and kissed me passionately! I felt the stranger's hard cock against my waist. He reached his hands around and helped himself to my breasts!

"Lady, you have beautiful legs, a fine ass and the big tits I love to feel!"

Sandwiched between two lustful men, I was overcome with sensuality. Jim let him feel me up for several minutes.

"I need to find my wife some underwear. If you want, you can join us in the dressing room and give your opinion on how she looks."

The man was eager to help. Jim picked out a G-string and a bra that just covered the underside of my tits with a little lift to display them to best advantage. The stranger's hands were all over me when I dropped my raincoat. He helped me on with the G-string, then bikini panties with a slit to make my cunt easily accessible, then crotch-less panties, and finally the presentation bra. My nipples and aureoles were displayed, and those nipples were achingly erect! The stranger took plenty time helping to fit my tits into the cups. He even gave my nipples a lick and a suck for that sexy, wet look!

All the while, he had his hardon out for me. I teasingly gave it an occasional caress or squeeze. Both men loved the bra, and they advised me to buy both the G-string and the bikinis slit in the crotch.

I put my raincoat back on and took my choices to the manager. As he rang up the G-string and slit panties, he smiled his approbation.

"Excellent choices, lady! About the bra, I can only imagine how well it suits."

Jim pulled my raincoat open to show him my tits!

"What do you think?"

"The lady is well and beautifully endowed. Of course, you've had the benefit of seeing it on her. Would you consider modeling the bra and either the G-string or panties, mam? I suspect that if you modeled them, I'd sell a lot more! "

"Uh, I don't think—"

"Men, would you like to see this lovely woman model her purchases? If the six of you each contributed say a ten or twenty, I could pay her a modeling fee or give her a big discount on her purchases! Take my word: she has a sensational figure!"

All six men came forward, and with my consent (urged by Jim) gave the manager a total of $100! The manager locked the front door. I returned to the dressing room and put on the slit bikinis and the presentation bra. Eight men, including Jim and the manager, lined both sides of the aisle as I walked the "runway," which was more of a gauntlet of pleasure. I felt very submissive and extremely excited Jim encouraged them to touch the garments and test their fit. They all fingered my nipples and caressed my thighs. One man looked for the slit in my panties, parted it with two fingers, and rubbed my pussy! They all had their cocks out, and I was proud to see all were hard for me. They had their cell phones out photographing our interaction! I just hoped my hat and sunglasses were enough to conceal my identity!

"Sexy! She's wet! I see some petable pussy!"

Then all the men had to explore the slit in my panties and my slit, too! The manager gave me both items free for modeling.

"Lady, you're a helluva good sport! Please accept this uniform courtesy of your new fans!"

I thanked them by opening my raincoat. Only the one man knew I was naked under it. As we left, customers were asking where to find them.

"You come back in your uniform and play with us again, soon, sexy lady!" The manager said.

Before I entered our car, Jim stripped me to ride naked all the way home! When he got into the driver's seat, he freed his hardon from his tight trousers. I played with his cock a bit. We passed a semi, slowly. Seeing the driver looking down at me with my fingers in my pussy, I squirmed with embarrassment in my seat. He smiled and kissed his fingertips to me, as if to say, "Sweet stuff!" I blew him a kiss off my wet fingers. As we passed, he saluted me with his horn and seemed to point for us to turn into the next truck stop!

Back home, Jim took me into the backyard, spread my raincoat on the lawn, and told me lie down and spread my legs for him. It was dark, and our yard was bordered with dense shrubbery. He kissed my wet pussy and licked my copious juices.

"Wasn't that fun, flashing and modeling?"

"I was very nervous and embarrassed, but they all really liked me. I nearly had an orgasm walking their gauntlet, so I guess it was fun for me, too!" 

"You almost got gang-banged!"

"Would you have liked to see them all fuck me?"

"I'm proud of you for exciting all those men and letting them have a feel! The married ones probably went home to give their wives the benefit. A lot of guys don't have access to a sexy woman, though, or they probably wouldn't frequent a sex store. I'd be even prouder to see you enjoy a gang-bang and satisfy them all!"

"Do you think I could take on 6 or 7 men?"

"After you've developed some more by satisfying 2 or 3!" 

"After this adventure, I really need to be fucked!"

Jim obliged, and I had an orgasm as his cock possessed me. He was over-stimulated, too, and came before he had fucked me enough for both of us. He left me wanting to be fucked more. I imagined each of those six horny men taking turns with me. I felt that I could satisfy all of them.

Jim acquired some marijuana to prepare me for my next date with Fred. We don't smoke, so I baked it in brownies. I had a glass of wine with supper and Mary Jane brownies for dessert. The drug relaxed me, heightened my sensations, and made me uninhibited. Fred dressed me in my new undies only: the G—string and the presentation bra. He had put my dog collar around my neck and had engraved my dog tag Jim's Sylvia.

Fred arrived before 7. I heard Jim open the door for him and say,

"Have you saved up for Sylvia?"

"Yes, my balls are full!"

"Good! Then, you really need to unload in her. My bitch is in heat. I need a stud, like you, to service her. She's so excited and sexed up that she'll probably need to be fucked repeatedly to satisfy her tonight. I'd like to mate her with you. If you fuck her well, then she'll spread her legs for you whenever you want her again."

"Oh, I'll need to unload at least once a week! From now on, to hell with jacking off!"

Sylvia, come greet our guest!"

Fred's eyes bugged out when he saw me approach in just my G-string, which exposed the sides of my bush, and my display bra.

"Baby, you look great! I love the collar. Hey, it even has a tag with your name, and your owner's name!

I hugged him to press my breasts against him. I've noticed that men especially enjoy hugging women with big tits, which is also some innocent pleasure for us. I turned my face up with my lips parted. He grabbed my ass and worked my mouth with his tongue. Then he kissed my breasts and licked my nipples. 

Jim directed us to the couch. I floated there on a Mary Jane high. Sandwiched between them, I had no escape from their rude hands exploring my body, which had plenty of curves for each of 4 hands. I had each of mine on a hard cock. As if I weren't exposed enough, they soon stripped me completely naked. Jim told me to lie down with my head in his lap and my legs on Fred's.

"Spread her and you can smell that she's in heat and craves cock."

Fred spread me wide and lifted my legs up to my chest. He inhaled deeply of my fragrance, and then began licking me, like a dog preparing his bitch. I was squirming and squealing. 

"Yeah! She's in heat alright!"

They pulled me up to prepare Fred's cock, which already oozing tasty precum. Then, Jim put my leash on and pulled me to my feet.

"Get down on your hands and knees on the floor, and present yourself to be mounted!"

I obeyed. Fred stripped naked and got behind me. He grasped my hips and fed his cock into my slippery cunt. I squealed as he penetrated me for the first time. He thrust halfway in; I gasped and moaned at the thrill I felt. With one more thrust, he drove his cock home and possessed me. I became his latest sexual conquest. He was my master now, as long as he was in me! I began to cum. He grasped my big tits and fucked me steadily. I wouldn't soon get enough of his powerful cock.

"You should see how your bitch is lathering my cock! She really wants it!"

Jim offered me his cock to suck.

"With her big tits bouncing, it looks like you two are playing bull and cow! After you inseminated her and made her big tits fill with milk, you could turn her on her back, fuck her and milk her!"

"I wish her tits were full of milk! I'd love to suck her milk!" Fred shouted.

"I read a Penthouse letter by a doctor who sucked his wife's tits every night until he got her to make milk!"

"Oooooh!" I sang, as Fred slammed his cock into me and made me squirt. 

I yearned to make milk for Fred! I'd offer a milk-swollen tit for each man to suck!

Soon he shouted in triumph, and I felt him inseminate me. We collapsed. When Fred's cock popped out of me, Jim mounted me and slid easily into my snug but creamy cunt. While he fucked me, slowly to make it last, Fred grasped my tits and pulled my nipples, pretending to milk me. I wished I could make milk for him! When he reached my mound and began massaging it, I had another orgasm. That set Jim off, and he fucked me hard as he delivered his sperm.

After we uncoupled, I turned onto my back.

"Slut, I want you to taste the fuck that Fred gave you! Lick and suck his cock clean!"

Was it under the spell of marijuana that this excited me and that the blend of Fred's sperm spiced with my love juices seemed a tasty treat? While I was licking and sucking up our naughty loving, Fred was growing hard to fuck me again. I wanted to stay on my back and spread my legs for him, so Jim pulled two cushions off the couch and spread a bath towel over them. The cushions gave me a lift, presenting Fred better access to my cunt. As he mounted me and slid his cock easily up me to the hilt, Fred bragged,

"Jim, I think I've opened up your wife's tight little cunt so that you and anybody else can get his cock up her easier!"

"Thanks, Fred, for breaking Sylvia in! She'll make a great slutwife! Show us how well you can fuck her!"

Fred grunted and rutted between my thighs and claimed my tits as if I were his sex slave. I belonged to him as long as he had his big cock in me, Jim smiled with pride in me as he watched how much Fred enjoyed me and how excited I was to submit to another man and let him mate with me. Jim must have observed that I was more excited to have Fred's cock in me than my husband's cock. Violating the taboo of adultery seemed extremely exciting to all three of us.

Fred got quite a kick out of fucking me in front of my husband. He relished showing us how well and long he could fuck me. Waves of pleasure rolled from my pussy all through my body. 

"She's squirting!" Fred bragged.

"Are you glad I invited Fred to fuck you?"

"Yes! Thank you for mating me with him!"

When I went to bed for the night, I had an erotic dream about being milked by one man while another one fucked me. The next morning, I tried to remember what had happened and what I'd dreamed. My dog collar was off, but I remembered being on my hands and knees, feeling like a bitch in heat and being mated with Fred, which apparently meant that he was welcome to fuck me whenever he had the urge! 

"So Sylvia, did you have fun? You certainly responded enthusiastically!"

"I felt like a total slut! It was nasty, but, I must admit, extremely exciting! Does Fred expect me to put out to him whenever he wants?"

"Yes, but he probably won't be able to do it to you more than once or twice a week. Your sexual appetite is increasing, and I think you could enjoy getting fucked daily. Maybe it's time we invited our colleague, your private, personal pal, for supper and your special dessert."

"He might be afraid to come, knowing that I told him how you felt me up. If does come, he might feel inhibited about playing with me in front of you. Are you going to call him?"

"You know him much better than I do. You call, invite him, and let me add my invitation. If Jonathan can't perform in my presence, I'll encourage him to score by withdrawing as goalie and leaving your goal untended."

"Very funny!"

I called Jonathan and coaxed him to come for supper. I told him that my husband would be glad to see a friend who appreciates me as a woman. I assured him that we would relax with a good meal and some wine. While they knew each other as members of the department, they hadn't become as friendly as Jonathan was with me!

I suggested to Jim that I dress to look sexy but not to flaunt my body, and he agreed to be subtle and understate my sexuality. I wore blue bikini panties and a sexy bra that exposed the top third of my breasts. I chose a blue flower print minidress I'd made, with a neckline low enough to show a little cleavage. It was about 6" above my knees when I stood, but the width of the skirt kept it from riding up more than a few more inches when I sat down. Jim wore his usual summer clothes: a loose, short-sleeved shirt and shorts.

While cooking, I snacked on Mary Jane brownies to relax.

Jonathan arrived in slacks and a short-sleeved dress shirt. I hugged him, pressing my big breasts against his body and offered my open lips to receive his shy kiss. He looked down my cleavage. He contributed a Cabernet to my steak, asparagus and salad supper. Jonathan complimented me on my cooking. We had to open another bottle of wine, because we each drank two glasses. Jim had suggested Irish cream for dessert further to reduce inhibitions.
