 I nailed Chloe before I left for work, workin' it slow and hard till she was buckin' an' hollerin'! When I came she took every drop between those sweet, full lips! She kissed me long and slow when I left. "You are a good man, maybe the best!" 

I was at my desk working and satisfied when Andre called me into his office. 

"Shut the door, please." He said. "Where were you last night?" 

What was this about? "I was at a friend's house up north."

"Spent the night?" He was staring right through me. 

"Yeah, MJ and I spent the night."

"You fuck her?" He looked concerned.

"Yes, yes I did. And Chloe too."

"What! Who else?" He was angry! "Don't lie to me!"

"I sucked on Lymon's finger." I couldn't lie to this man, I wanted him to be happy.

"His finger?"

"We had a little party. The girls were sucking us off and Lymon had been fingering MJ. He stuck his finger in my mouth while she sucked me."

He stared at me silently.

"It tasted of MJ's pussy, it made me hard to think that he'd just been fingering her pussy." I had him now, I went on, "her pussy has an aroma that makes me crazy, it makes anyone crazy."

His face was blank. What was he thinking?

"She's a nympho, MJ, y'know, my wife." I was getting worried. "She's staying with him for a couple of days. I thought that we might get together and have some fun. Just the two of us. I'll do anything you want. Anything."

Andre rose, crossed the room and opened the door.

"Go back to work."

Now I was worried! "Andre, what's wrong?"

"I'm going to think. Go back to work."

I was at my desk for a short time when I saw him leaving, raincoat in hand and rollerbag in tow. He didn't look at me.

Vonya and Megan asked me why I seemed distracted at lunch. Like I could tell them. 

"Trouble at home?" 

"No, she's off visiting a friend for a few days."

"Is everything all right?" Vonya was genuinely concerned.

"Sure, she's hanging out at his place up on the coast."

"His place?" Megan raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah, he's OUR friend, our landlord actually. He has a place on the coast highway. We stayed there last night." 

Megan raised her hands, "OK! OK! I just asked."

Andre returned after lunch and rang my desk. "Come see me."

I knocked on his door a short time later. "Come in."

I was surprised to see Ms Rodriguez sitting across from him. She smiled at me.

He said, "Please have a seat Paul."

I did and Maya spoke: "Andre tells me that you're doing fine and he's pleased with your work."

I thanked her. She went on: "He is going to visit a client in Rancho Bernardo for a couple of days and would like you to accompany him." She looked at Andre. "He feels that the trip would give you some good exposure to our clients and their needs."

Andre spoke: "It will benefit you and them for everyone to meet each other. I'm planning on giving you design responsibilities for their account so you'll need to establish a relationship with these folks. It will help in the future."

"I'm sorry for the short notice," she said, "I hope that you can spend a day or two out of town?"

"Oh, sure, that'll be fine." I was thrilled! I was going out of town with him! Maybe we could sleep in the same room!

She wished us luck in the visit and left. Andre said to me, "I'm planning to drive down this afternoon so that we can get an early start tomorrow. Wrap up your work, go home and pack. I'll pick you up in two hours. Is that sufficient time?" He had a wry smile on his face. "Wear your collar and be sure to pack your swimsuit."

I called MJ and left a message about my plans for the next couple of days. She was probably wearing out Lymon's bone. I planned the same thing for Andre. I had a hard-on by the time I got home. Chloe'd left me a note. MJ had invited us over for some fun and she would meet me there. 

Well, scratch that action. I was going to spend a couple of days with my big dick lover down in Rancho Bernardo. I was so hard thinking about that monster cock that I slipped a disc into the wall screen. Chloe'd brought some back from Lymon's. I didn't really need any inspiration, but what the hell!

They – MJ and Lymon were lying on that huge round bed. The red silk sheets were all messed; they'd been busy! She snuggled up on his left, licking his nipple and stroking his chest and stomach. His hand caressed her butt and thigh. Her pale skin and red hair contrasted sharply with his dark brown. His cock was getting thicker and harder by the second, that old man was one saltly dog! It was rising from the sheet and slowly moving along his right leg to lie rigid on his stomach. She bit his nipple and grabbed him at the same time. He stroked her butt crack, fingered her ass. 

She was sucking his nipple hard now and slowly stroking his shaft up and down its length. It looked even bigger than it had last night when Chloe had done that nasty deepthroat on it. He'd rolled his head back and closed his eyes. He was in heaven – being ravished by a beautiful woman fifty years his junior! And he was satisfying her! 

The muscles in her ass flexed as she ground her muff on his leg. She did this for a minute or two then slid down to kiss the swollen head of his cock. She was humping his foot now and taking more of the head into her mouth. She'd slipped his big toe into her cunt and was humping away. The girl was talented, no doubt about it! This was so wild! He was sniffing his middle finger.

Someone was knocking. I jumped up, startled, still stroking my hard-on. It was Andre, he knocked some more. I grabbed the collar and hastily fastened it in place.

"Be right there," I called.

I grabbed my suitcase and opened the door. "I'm ready, but would you like to come in?"

"No, let's get on the road and beat the southbound traffic."

"Ok."

He put on some jazz and drove south. I was still hard from earlier and would have liked to touch him or have him touch me. I asked him if he minded. He said that he would mind, he was trying to drive and besides, people didn't want to see two guys making out on the highway. 

"They wouldn't see me if I was going down on you." I wanted him really bad! I settled back and waited awhile then I put my hand on his bulge and squeezed. "Let me have some of that meat, please? I've been thinking about it all day."

"What were you thinking about last night, that stinky pussy?" 

"No Andre, I was thinking about YOU! Don't be angry with me, I love her and she needs a lot of cock. I was ecstatic that she wanted to spend a few days with him, it meant that I could be with you." 

He snorted, "So you thought that you were just gonna hook up with me when you felt like it? We're gonna get together when it's ok for you? Look here, bitch, you gonna suck and fuck on my thang when I tell you to! Not when you FEEL like it!" He shot me a look. I still was gripping that hot wad; he was getting harder every second. 

"Awright, suck on it real slow." I undid his belt, button and zipper. I reached into his boxers and pulled it out. What a prize! I licked the shaft and teased the head. The taste made me dizzy and when I smelled his nuts my cock get even harder than before. This was so good! 

"Bitch! I said slow! Now lick my balls; taste 'em, yeah! That's the way, suck on 'em, I wanna hear ya slurpin', oh, that's good! More now. Harder!" 

I started to finger his ass; he made a sound deep in his chest. He was pulling off the highway now; I knew that he'd have to or else lose control. He liked to have his hands on me when he came. I focused on taking as much of that tasty cock as I could with each stroke. He groaned. Thirty seconds later, he was parking the car and letting the seat back. I really went at it now, sucking and tonguing that thick, black shaft, my finger workin' his ass! He was panting deeply and saying, "Yeah, suck that nasty nigger cock! Suck it, HO! UGGGGG!" His hands were stroking my neck and face. I worked it harder and deeper, I couldn't even breathe! I didn't care; this was so nasty and delicious! He made some more noise and tensed as he came down my throat. I tried to swallow but I had to pull up before I could. I wanted to savor every drop of that goo! I licked some goo off the shaft and saw, standing a few feet away, a skinny old man strokin' a hard-on with a big purple head! Andre opened his eyes then and started yelling at him "Get the fock outa here, you focking pervert!"

The old man didn't blink. "Look who's talkin'! You're getting' a blowjob in public! I just wish I could join in. Can I suck on it, too? Maybe your boyfriend can suck me? Or I can suck him. I'll pay you both for some." 

Andre was stunned, so was I. This old dude was white, tanned, bold, with a shaved head. He was still squeezin' that wad while he pulled some benjamins out of his pocket. There were quite a few. 

"How about it? There's a motel a couple of miles down the road, we could have a party, my treat, of course!" 

I wiped some more goo from Andre's cock and licked it off my fingers. I was so turned on that I'd do anything Andre wanted to and I could tell he was interested. 

Andre sat up. "You gonna suck me and my bitch here." He tucked his balls and cock away, zipped up. 

"Uh-huh. You can fuck me with that whang or just shoot a load in my mouth. It's gonna be a party." His eyes were shining. "I could be your bitch, if you want. You got the kind of cock I crave."

Andre said, "Meet us at the Casa Bernardo. Its a half hour or so south. We already have reservations under the name MedTech Design." 

The old man put his cock away. "I know where it is." He said. "See ya there."