 Katie and I had bumped to an old girlfriend of mine from 25 years ago, (Rachel 47) at the grocery store and although awkward it was kind of like seeing as old friend. My ex quietly disclosed she was in the midst of a nasty separation and appeared pretty deflated.

At dinner that night, Katie asked me if had thought about going for coffee with her? I was totally surprised at her question!

"Don't you think it's a little weird for me to do that?" I stated!

"No, not really dear, a little unconventional maybe, but you got divorced once and she's getting one, it makes sense that she needs to someone she can relate to."

"Seems like that's more of best friend thing, not me and wouldn't you be, you know, worried?"

"Worried, about what," she asked rhetorically, "why would I be worried, we have a wonderful sex life dear and I know if you were going to have a another women, it would be in our bed with me." Said with a wink.

My wife (34 years) and myself (49 years) had met on-line 12 years previously. Katie and I met though a BDSM web site and after a short but intense purely sexual relationship, began dating and a few years later were married with a young family. Having a family challenged our ability find time new play partners. However, kinky sex has been an important for each of us as individuals and as a couple so we make sure we create time whenever possible to play. Katie is 100% submissive and I am entirely dominant and although we don't live it 24/7, it's never very far from our love making. In the years before our family we had a wide range of experimenting in the world of light BDSM and some swinging with other couples and single women but we always play together. Katie is 100% bisexual and her love of sex with women had us enjoying a number of kinky to vanilla 3 sums over the years in all forms. 

At coffee, Rachel told me about the breakdown of her marriage, how they became dull as a couple, how she had stepped outside and had a torrid affair with a younger guy and after breaking it off, the guilt riddled her and she confessed. After a brief reconciliation, he apparently slept with her best friend in some kind of revenge sex ploy and those two were now an item living together. She was pretty distraught to say the least. She could share these details with me without judgment as we'd know each other for so long, even though that seemed like a lifetime ago. 

I shared the story with my wife who was very sympathetic and said, "Well now you know why she can't talk to her friend because her BFF fucked her husband, nice best friend, what bitch!" 

I nodded.

"Why don't we have her over for a BBQ?" said my wife in an excited tone.

"Huh?" was my only reply as she continued.

"She needs some people to be around and it wouldn't hurt us to host for change." After some further discussion. I begrudgingly agreed but felt like this was odd situation to be in, for all of us but Rachel was happy to join us.

On the next Saturday we arranged for our kids to have a sleep overs and we were prepping for our dinner date.

Katie was setting table and causally asked me, "wasn't she the bisexual girl you dated and you had a threesome or something?" As if she didn't already know the answer.

"Well yes, but that was years ago, just after college, I don't think she's really bi?" Katie just smiled.

Katie likes me to be verbal when we have sex and she likes to hear dirty XXX stories, that either: 1) I make up, 2) combine with real life experiences or believe it or not, 3) she likes to hear about other women I have fucked or dominated in my past, while we fuck. I must had told her some odds and ends regarding Rachel along the way somewhere in our love making. 

I looked at my wife and said in a low tone, "I think you are attracted to her, aren't you?"

Katie smirked, "she is very attractive, isn't she?" 

"Honey, I'm not sure this is a good idea, I mean she's on the re-bound and very vulnerable.?" 

My wife told me to chill-lax in her, would you please relax, dear, tone.

Katie had braided her hair and was wearing a light yellow sundress with a white sunflower pattern that was mighty short, her sexy eye liner and just bare feet, very sexy indeed.

We had a light dinner due to the summer heat and sat in our living room after a few glasses of wine making small talk but staying away from Rachels divorce topic thankfully. The girls were getting along royally and I was entirely puzzled at my wife's outgoing behaviour to my ex-girlfriend. Rachel asked if we would like to smoke a joint with her on the deck, a rarity indeed for my wife but Katie jumped at the chance. I stayed in the kitchen straightening up.

I fixed them some drinks I called "Gintastic" which is of, course gin, fruit juice and half a peach fuzzy alcohol cooler, they go down like punch. I doubled the gin in the girls drinks and served them in a pint glass. After a few puffs on a joints and a few decent sized swallows of gin my usually very quiet wife was very talkative. 

I glanced a Rachel who was clearly feeling the effects of the double gin and wine and she was humming along to the Bob Marley in the back ground weaving her head and flipping her blond hair. 

Rachel asked how we met. My wife spoke first excitedly and told her we met on line on a BDSM adult site. Rachel was surprised, as I was I at her bluntness, we didn't share that with very many people. 

Katie went on, "we don't entertain like we used to when we were active, you know in the lifestyle."

"Lifestyle?" questioned Rachel openly.

"You know, like swingers, we aren't really swingers but we liked to spice it up and we used to entertain some adult themed parties sometimes when we first were married." 

I wasn't sure if my wife was flirting or trying to rub my ex's face in it?

"So you two are like a Dom and Sub then?"

"Yes," my wife smiled at her, "he likes to show me off and I like to be shown off"

Rachel perked up, "wow, that is spicy," with a smile and a giggle. 

"So like, how does he show you off?"

"He likes to, you know, like, show me off on the highway to truckers, or sometimes I'm not allowed wear panties at the mall, like shoe shopping," as my wife giggled the same giggle the Rachel just made. 

"And we used to go the strippers."

"Really, that's is spicy and very sexy, so is he like, your Daddy?" Rachel said almost sarcastically. 

Katie beamed at me with wide eyes, 

"Yes! He is my Daddy but I don't have a Mommy?" I just about choked, clearly the gin and the weed had gone to my wife's head.

Rachel smiled back at her and it was suddenly very quiet.

Rachael looked at me, "you devil, you have a real fire cracker here and you haven't changed a bit have you, you are still kinky after all these years?"

I rolled with it. "Yup, if anything, I'm more deviant now and I have the perfect vixen for it!"

"It sure sounds like it," she readjusted herself on the sofa and looked at my wife. 

"So you like girls too then huh?"

"Yes." Katie relied quietly 

"Are you looking for a Mommy?"

My wife's head dropped and she slowly nodded and in a girlish voice creaked out, "yes."

I was caught off guard at the speed at which this conversation was moving.

Rachel looked at me, took a giant gulp from here gintastic and said, 

"What would you do with a Mommy?"

Katie looked at me and then back a Rachel, "I'd like to breast feed and help my Mommy cum."

Rachel looked at me and said, "well if your Daddy is okay with it, maybe I can help?"

I was entirely sober and none of this had been my idea or my making but I nodded. 

"Hell yes!" inside my head!

"Come here sweetie."

Katie half stumbled off the love seat onto the sofa and the 2 women embraced in a long deep French kiss. Katie had her eyes closed while Rachel was looking directly at me as she stroked my wife's hair and pulled her into the nap of neck like a puppy.

Rachel is 47, has blonde shoulder length hair except with bangs, kind of Heidi Klem look to her being a bit generous, except not as tall and a little curvy, with nice juicy tits and an ass that was squeezed into her tight jeans. I'm not good with women's weight but I'm guessing 145 lbs?

Rachel shifted herself again and slid up her white T-shirt and pulled down the front of her bra and released one of her large melons. He very pale white tit was a little saggy and sloppy without the bra support, with a large pink nipple dotting the middle. She pointed it to my wife's waiting mouth. Katie took to it with a suckling motion, locking her entire mouth covering the nipple and gorging on the bosom offered to her. 

Rachel stroked her hair gently.

"There, there baby girl, Mommy is going to take care of you."

Rachel lifted Katie's head off her tit which came off with pop. She tugged her shirt over her head, Katie's eyes right at her tits. She undid her bra and unleashed the fullness of her big jugs and her sexy curvy roll of her Mommy tummy. She dropped her orbs right into Katie's face, almost resting her melons on her nose. My wife suckled and settled in to her left tit while Rachel cradled her head. My wife was encouraged to switch breasts with no words spoken, my wife was acting like those tits were the only thing in the room. She pressed her nose in the tender fatty flesh and reached out with her hand to touch the other one.

"That's it baby girl, you nurse from Mommy, you get that milk Mommy has saved for you all day, yes that's it dear, drink it down, it's all for my girl" 

There was no milk but Katie was making her best efforts to see if there was any to be had.

Rachel sighed under her breath, eyes closed as she fed my wife, her daughter, her tits like nursing a pup. My wife suckled, licked, sucked and barley moved her head, it was all lips. After a few minutes Rachel told Katie to stand up and show herself like I make her do. 

My wife slowly lifted the yellow sun dress revealing she wasn't wearing any panties, she was naked, exposing her shaved pussy to this 47-year-old women she barely knew. Katie motioned to get back to her suckling position but Rachel had other ideas.

She looked at my submissive wife, "Is this what baby wants?" as she pulled open her button fly jeans and peeled them off with her panties in the process. Katie nodded and slide a hand into between her own pink lips. 

"No, no baby girl!" Swatting her hand away from frigging herself. 

Rachel slid her bum down on the sofa and spread her legs to reveal a thick bush of dark pussy hair.

"The carpet doesn't match the drapes!" I thought to myself.

Katie sunk to her knees and into the pussy in front of her taking a noticeable deep breath in through her nose, obviously to soak up the smell from her sweet honey hole. Rachel placed her hands on my wife's head and simply pulled her forward into her sex. All I could see was my wife's head in between her legs in a mess of hair. Rachel gasped and put her head back obviously enjoying the oral assault on her snatch. 

I was enthralled with the scene in front of me, my wife eating a pussy that I had fucked and filled with cum many times, 25 years prior. I was hard to say the least. 

"Oh Mommy likes that baby girl, you keep eating Mommy's pussy." As she directly my wife's head in and out of her pussy hole.

Katie's head moved a down with purpose and suddenly Rachel's eyes popped open.

"Oh, oh my, that's nice, Mommy hasn't had tongue in there for a long while, umm yes baby girl."

Katie had found Rachel's brown rose was giving her a good rimming. Rachel almost crossed her legs around my wife's head trying to allow better access to her tightest fuck hole. 

"You get that sloppy for Mommy, okay dear."

Katie must have rimmed her butthole for a 10 or more minutes. Her tongue must have been getting worn out. My wife finally unlatched her mouth from Rachels asshole. I could see her slightly glazed eyes from the weed and gin. 

"Mommy?"

"Yes baby girl, what is it?"

"Can I touch my tiny pussy now, Mommy, can I?"

Rachel looked at her sternly but spoke in a much softer tone.

"Oh no, no, no, it's not lady like to masturbate in front of people, baby girls must never touch themselves without permission from Mommy." 

"But Daddy lets me touch myself," she said with a pouty lip.

"Oh I bet he does but you're a Daddies girl aren't you and I bet he just spoils you something rotten doesn't he?" She replied in a sarcastic tone.

She forced my wife face back into her baby hole and Katie picked up the pace, licking where she left off.

Rachel was purring, getting really turned on at this point and was almost humping her face. She was pinching one of her own nipples on her sloppy tits as she was approaching an orgasm, she bucked, humped, ached her back forcing all of her vulva into Katie's mouth and screeched out as lady cum pierced through her body and tickled her pussy.

"Oh, oh, oh my, fuck me!"

"That was wonderful baby girl," as she lifted her face from her sopping cunt and looked her in the eyes. I could see Katie's face was glistening with girl cum juice all around her mouth on in her chin. Rachel took her own panties and wiped the wet cunny juice off her face with them.

"You weren't wearing any panties and I knew if from the moment I came over, what does your Daddy do when you don't wear panties?" 

"Mommy, Daddy is usually the one who won't let me wear panties"

Rachel smiled at me.

"Did your Daddy instruct you to not wear any tonight?"

"No," Katie dropped her eyes along with her bottom lip.

"So you were a slut all on your own tonight?" as she glanced at me.

"Don't look at me, I don't dress her," I replied with a smile.

"Then its settled, over my lap young lady." 

Katie stepped forward and sprawled out over Rachel's lap.

Rachel lifted her sundress over her cute little bum and examined it in detail. She stroked her cheeks delicately with her long finger nails before laying a playful slap on her ass cheek. Katie moaned. Rachel administered a few light spanks to her bare bum. She then took her index finger and inserted into my wife's pussy from behind. Katie gasped as the finger penetrated her pink lips. She slowly fingered fucked her for a few strokes. 

"You are wet little one, if you had panties on, they'd be soaked!" 

She placed her finger under Katie's nose and Katie's natural reaction was to take in the waft of her own pussy smell from her Mommy's finger before she slipped into Katie's mouth.

"What does your Daddy do when you are a bad girl"?

Katie, bottom lip still drawn down. 

"He spanks me and sometimes." She trailed off on her statement.

"Sometimes he does what?"

"Sometimes he makes me stand in the corner for a time out, but I don't like that Mommy!"

Katie was using a pouty tone in her voice. It was so cute!

"Well maybe it's time you go do that so Mommy and Daddy can talk about adult things." 

Katie went to protest but her new Mommy just her off wagged a finger at her and my grown wife trundled bare foot in her sundress into the comer, to face the wall. So fucking hot!

Rachel who was now standing up, said, "Oh mister, do you think I could get another one of these delicious gin drinks and then I'd like some of that thick cock, it's been a while," with a wink.

Katie tuned her head to us and Rachel pointed, "no dear, face the wall, I'll summon you when I need you okeeey," in a slightly patronizing tone. My wife turned her head.

Rachel climbed onto all fours, turned her ass to me stuck out and looked over her shoulder, "Well Daddy, now is your chance!"

I looked at my wife for some kind of acknowledgment that she was cool with me sticking my dick inside my ex-girlfriend as we hadn't discussed any of this. There was nothing, she was looking straight into the corner as per her Mommy's instructions. 

I tugged off my pants and got behind Rachel gripped my swollen member and rubbed it around her wet pussy opening. 

Rachel reached between her legs and found my cock, she pushed it back and shifted her bum down so my cock was angled at her asshole. Her hole was still wet from my wife's saliva and the tip of my cock wasn't quite lined up but I fixed that in flash. I pressed the head in wondering if it would be slippery enough for me penetrate. Half way through that thought, my cock slipped past her brown rose ring and Rachel sighed. 

My wife loved the small butt plug but wasn't terribly fond of being pounded in her tight chute and it didn't bother me that much so we had only done it a few times over the years. I spit into my hand and dribble some as best could into her crack. My cock faced very little resistance as I pushed more of it in slowly, letting Rachel adjust to it. Once my cock was 3 quarters deep, she gasped.

"Oh, that's nice, hmmm, you remember this don't you?" 

I totally fucking did. Rachel was the first girl I butt fucked, although I wasn't sure I was the first guy to fuck in the poop chute. I withdrew my dick a little and re-commenced pushing in, further this time hoping to get balls deep in her ass. She gingerly pushed her ass into me as I was pressing into her. 

"Oh that's so much better than my dildo, ughhhmmm," she dropped her head and flipped her blonde hair from her face and looked back at me over he shoulder.

We started to fuck, I was giving her the ultimate doggy style fucking, right up the bum.

"Oh baby girl, Mommy and Daddy are, umph, fucking, Umpppffhew uh, uh, uh huh."

I reached under Rachel and grabbed both saggy tits or as much as I could gather into my hands and held on tight as I pushed in and out to the rhythm of her movements.

"Oh Daddy is fucking me, baby girl," she continued in between ass pumps.

"Do you know what happens when Mommy's and Daddies fuck little one?"

"No," my wife said in a tiny voice from the corner.

"They make babies, do you want your Mommy and Daddy to make a baby so I can start producing real milk?"

"I don't know, Mommy?" My wife sounded as though she was half serious in her answer.

"That's okay little Katie, your Daddy can't knock me up in the ass!"

I know my wife and by now she would have been ready to climb the wall to cum.

"Baby girl come over he,r and watch Mommy and Daddy fuck!"

My wife turned and wandered over to the sofa.

"Go ahead and rub that pretty bare cunny for us dear, so we can watch."

Standing beside us, as I pumped her butt hole, Katie raised up her little yellow dress, moved her legs apart and began to rub herself while we both stared at her.

"Hun do you like being watched?"

"Yes, Mommy,"

"Good girl, do you like watching your Daddy fuck your Mommy?"

"Uh hmmmmmm," escaped my wife's lips in high pitched moan.

"It's been so long since I've had your Daddy inside me, uhuh huh."

I continued to hump and pushed my cock in as deep as it would go until Rachel finally collapsed her arms and extended her legs flat so she was laying on her tummy and I was laying on top of her holding myself up with my arms, my cock was dipping and out of her obviously well used hole. Rachel was rubbing her clit underneath us and it was now clear why she wanted use of her hand and had laid flat on her tummy.

I felt my cum building and I think Rachel could feel me tense up as I pumped her hole. I focused on my wife's fingers dancing in and out of her bare pussy as she was building a girl cum from deep inside herself, watching us. Fuck me, this was wild.

"That's it Daddy, fill me up with your cream, make me pregnant in my bum!"

"Ughhhh fuck," I groaned as I unloaded and shot my creamy cum pie into her brown orifice. I emptied my balls with filled her with everything I had inside of me. 

"Holy shit," as I collapsed on top of her, my cock still lodged in her butthole. 

Rachel looked at my wife who was in the process of rubbing her cum out, her eyes were now closed and her hand was moving back and forth, dancing on her clit and she groaned and nearly lost her balance momentarily as she made herself cum.
