 The previous night had been pretty crazy. I knew as soon as I started to wake up that I had partied too hard. That was nothing new though so I did what I usually do, I just laid there with my eyes closed and tried to take stock of my body and remember previous night's events.

First of all I checked my body. I moved around a bit and didn't feel any aches or pains so apparently I hadn't been in any fights or car wrecks or anything bad like that. I did have a raging hard-on but that was normal (thankfully). I instinctively knew though that it wasn't only because I had to piss. I knew I was naked which was also normal as I always sleep that way. I also knew that I had no covers on me which was also normal in summer.

That's when Suzy flashed in my mind. I had met her the day before at lunch time and she had put on quite a show for me. As that memory flashed through my brain it was followed quickly by other, even more erotic images. Suzy prancing around her back patio naked. Her husband Bill and I finger fucking her to a powerful orgasm in their car in a downtown parking lot. I remembered her sucking our cocks and us both fucking her. I had a vision of her cumming hard as I went down on her just before I fucked her. Then I remembered Bill pushing me aside to take his turn with his still quivering wife. I remembered that after that we had partied pretty hard. I think we had polished off the tequila (some of which was done in very creative ways), drank most of the beer in the fridge and put a hurtin' on their bag of weed. I didn't know what time the party broke up or remember going to bed. I did know that the partying had been pretty sexually charged even after the great sex we'd had but couldn't quite recall if more had taken place or not. That would explain my current erection though.

As my blurry mind started to recall these things my hand went automatically to my straining prick. I gave it a hard squeeze good morning and proceeded to fondle myself. It was around this time that I became aware of a few other things. The smell of the room was different. It didn't smell like my bachelor pad. Now I'm not a total slob or anything but my place just never smell's this nice. What I was smelling was a clean, fresh smell. It aroused me even more to think that it was the smell of a woman's touch. I also realized that this wasn't my pillow. The pillow under my head now was obviously a feather pillow and not my worn out foam one.

Then I felt the bed move and realized I had been feeling that motion as I came to. I also heard soft voices, very close by. I opened my eyes slowly as there was sunlight coming through a window and shining brightly on to the bed. As my eyes gradually opened I heard a sweet feminine voice say "See Bill I told you he was waking up!" I instinctively tried to cover my hard dick with my hand as I looked to my left. That was the direction the voice had come from.

The voice turned to a giggle as Suzy came into focus. She was as smiling down at me and I realized she was kneeling on the bed beside me. Her hair was a mess, she had no makeup on and I thought she was as hot as ever. Then I noticed that she wasn't just kneeling on the bed, she was kneeling over her husband. No, that's not right, I realized, she was riding her husband! 

"Good morning!" Suzy practically sang "I was wondering if you were going to wake up and rejoin the party." As she said this she reached over and wrapped her small hand around the one I was holding my cock with. I had a vague feeling of déjà' vu as if she had done that to me last night as well.

I pulled my hand away to give her free access to my cock and replied "Good morning to you too." I now wrapped my larger hand around hers as she started to slowly stroke me she began to rock back and forth on Bill with the same tempo. I looked over at him and we said our good mornings and he asked me how I felt. He looked worn out but happy, which made sense since he had partied as hard as anyone last night but was now balls deep in his beautiful wife. I groaned as Suzy worked my hard prick and told him I felt "A little rough but..." I looked down at her hand working me and finished, "I've had worse mornings!" 

We all had a good chuckle at that and then Suzy started to dismount her hubby. He groaned in disappointment before she told him "Why don't you do me from behind awhile lover? So I can give Dave the same morning greeting you got?" Before he could reply she was off his lap and kneeling beside me. She looked at me with those already familiar lust filled eyes as she ran her tongue around the swollen head of my prick. I watched her mouth, amazed at my luck, and I stretched before getting comfy to enjoy her mouth fully. 

Bill groaned a little as he got up to position himself behind Suzy. He was showing his own rough edges from last night's party, but was determined to sink his long dick back into his wife. When he was positioned behind her he used his hand guide his cock to her waiting hole. He then teased her with just the head for a minute and she started to make an anxious moan in her throat which reverberated through her lips and tongue into the head of my prick. This brought a moan from my own throat and my hips instinctively pushed forward, thrusting my cock further into Suzy's hot mouth. Bill saw me do this and took it as his cue to sink his own dick into her deeper. 

All three of us groaned together and the fuckfest was on! Bill and I both started to fuck Suzy in earnest and she responded in kind, pushing her hips back to meet Bills long thrusts and sucking me like I had the last dick on the planet. I reached over and started to tweak a nipple as she reached back to play with her own clit and Bills balls. I took my other hand and ran it through her hair till it was at the back of her head and I started to fuck her luscious mouth. Suzy was moaning in a high, excited tone and it reverberated right through me each time. I shifted onto my side slightly so I could fuck more directly into her mouth. She grunted in thanks and started to show off her deepthroating skills again, Taking me to the hilt and playing with my balls with her free hand.

As it was summer all the windows were open and a light breeze blew the curtains gently inward. Other than that the temperature was rising quickly, both outside and in. The humidity was also high as it often is this time of the year and soon we were all working up a good sweat. I saw Bill use his forearm to wipe his brow but he was a trooper and never missed a beat in Suzy's sweet snatch. 

Just when I thought we were going to ride out this session to climax in these positions Suzy yanked my cock out of her mouth and pulled her twat away from Bill causing us both to groan with disappointment. "Switch!" she shouted happily as she swung a leg over and mounted me. She pointed the fat head of my cock into her hot tunnel and slid right down on it, taking me to the root. We both let out a gasp of satisfaction and she reached back to reclaim her hubby's abandoned rod. "C'mon Baby, fuck my mouth!" she demanded. As she started to ride me Bill stood up on the bed and presented his long wet erection to her face. She hungrily lapped her own sweet nectar off the head before taking most of his length into her mouth. 

I was in ecstasy. She rode up and down on me insistently, her tits bouncing in front of my face. I reached up with both hands and grabbed them. Her nipples were hard and I alternately pinched them and groped her whole breast while watching her fine body move on me. I had to touch her everywhere and my hands began to roam over her hips and thighs, as well as her two bouncing beauties. 

I also watched her lovingly suck her husband's cock. Her eyes were half closed as if she were in a sex induced trance as she worked Bill deep into her throat. He had one hand on the top of her head and actually placed the other flat against the ceiling for balance. She was breathing heavily through her nose and making those lusty sounds in her throat again. I could tell that Bill was feeling that all through his body as his legs were starting to quiver each time she did it and he was grunting and panting in time with her bobbing mouth.

Suzy had one hand on her clit again, working herself in time with her bouncing hips. She used her other hand to massage her husband's balls as she sucked him off. Eventually she worked her hand up to his shaft and started to gather her own saliva onto her fingers. She even reached into her own mouth on the down stroke a couple times to insure they were good and wet before reaching for his balls again. She started to work her wet fingers up behind his balls and tickled the sensitive area between his legs.

I wanted badly to suck her hard nipples; they were very tempting as I watched them bounce in front of my face. Knowing I couldn't reach them with her sitting up straight I used her trick and wet my fingers with my mouth. I smeared my spit all over her pointy nipples before going back to pinching and twisting them. Apparently I was still being too gentle as she pulled her hand from her clit and grabbed one of mine on her tit. She squeezed my fingers forcefully, with her swollen areola in between and when I thought we couldn't pinch any harder she pulled our fingers and her nipple outward, stretching her skin to its limit. I knew that as much as Suzy was enjoying our manipulation of her breast, her clit was now abandoned. I could feel her try to rub it on my pubic bone as she thrust her hips down on my cock. I took my hand that she wasn't holding and rewet my thumb. Reaching down between our sweaty bodies I started to work her clit for her and I could tell by the sounds she made in her throat that she was grateful. 

Bill spread his legs to allow for his wife's probing fingers and they started to shake even more. Soon he gasped "Baby, my legs can't take this!" and he dropped to his knees beside us. Suzy barely missed a beat, keeping his dick in her mouth the whole way down. He spread his legs more and she reached through to finger his puckered asshole. 

As Suzy leaned down to follow her hubby's prick she unwittingly placed more pressure on her clit against my thumb and gave a muffled shout onto Bills dick at the same time her finger pierced his sphincter. Bill let out a yell of his own and started to come in his wife's greedy mouth. The sensation of my dick working her g-spot, my thumb rubbing her clit, our tweaking of her nipples and now Bill shooting off in her mouth sent Suzy over the edge too. With Bill now kneeling, Suzy was bent over enough that I could now reach a nipple with my mouth. I leaned forward and clamped one between my teeth. I remember thinking that just like last night when I ate her pussy, there was no time for a slow gradual build up. This was the heat of the moment and not a time for subtly. I bit down with my teeth and sucked hard causing a new squeal from her cock filled mouth. I promised myself to someday take my time orally pleasuring this hot woman. I could feel her cunt tighten up more and start to milk me as she started to yell around Bills pulsing prick. Between the sights and sounds, and her hot cunt grasping me, and her tit finally in my mouth, I couldn't help but be dragged over the edge with them.

We were all three cumming together in a sweaty mass. Each of us yelling our bliss into each other's bodies or to the ceiling, we shook and pulsed together. Our mutual orgasms were all made more intense by the others. Soon Bill's legs could no longer support him even in the kneeling position and he flopped over on his side. Suzy's clit became too sensitive for my manual manipulation and she too fell over sideways to escape my thumb.

We collapsed in a sweaty heap. We were in a kinda 'H' shape with Suzy being the cross bar. Her head was on Bill's chest and she had one leg still across my lap. She nudged me with her other foot 'till I took the hint and lifted my legs for her, allowing her to slide her other leg under mine. I could feel the intense heat and wetness of her snatch against my thigh and pushed my leg firmly against it. She purred and grabbed my leg to pull it firmly against herself. 

We all laid there like that for a few minutes catching our breath and I was thinking I could fall back to sleep if I didn't still have to piss. Just then we heard a fence gate close and a man's voice came through the open window "HEY BILL! YO, BILL! ARE WE GOLFING TODAY OR WHAT?

"Oh fuck!" Bill groaned "I forgot about that!

"C'MON BILLY, PULL YER PECKER OUTTA THAT HOT BOX FOR A WHILE AND LET'S DO SOME GOLFIN'!"

"JEALOUS, ASSHOLE?" Suzy shouted toward the window.

"HELL YEAH! YUNZ KNOW JANICE IS OUTTA TOWN!" The voice replied

"C'MON IN JOE, I THINK I SET UP THE COFFEE POT LAST NIGHT. I'LL BE DOWN IN A MINUTE!" Bill yelled to his friend as he shakily made his way to the master bath. "Christ, he's gonna whip my ass today! I'll have to put up with his shit all week. 

Bill left the bathroom door open and we heard him start to piss in the toilet. Then he said, over his shoulder "Dave if you gotta piss, you can after I get in the shower. Just don't flush the toilet!

You got a deal Bill!" I told him. Suzy got up and pulled on a thin robe that wasn't quite big enough to hide her lovely ass. She tied it loosely in front, apparently not too concerned with hiding her body from Joe. I smiled to myself as I imagined why. 

From outside we heard Bill's golf buddy yell "LOOK AT THIS PLACE! EMPTY BOTTLES, MENS CLOTH'S LAYING EVERYWHERE! DAMN, EVEN THE TOY BAG!" We heard the patio door and now the voice emanated up the stairs as well as through the window "JUST A TYPICAL FRIDAY NIGHT AROUND HERE! 

"What an asshole." Suzy said with a smile. "I'll go use the downstairs bathroom, Dave. Here's swim trunks that you can probably wear." She had pulled a couple pairs out of a drawer and tossed them on the bed explaining that they kept assorted sizes for guests, adding with a smile "In case somebody's shy or something."

From downstairs we heard Joe again, louder this time, as if he were at the foot of the stairs "HEY, WHO'S CAR IS THAT OUT FRONT? DID SUZY BRING HOME A NEW BOYTOY OR DID YOU FIND SOME STRANGE TO BRING HOME BILL? IF IT'S SOME CHICK'S CAR AND YOU NEED ME TO COME UP THERE AND GIVE HER A REAL FUCKIN', JUST LET ME KNOW!"

Suzy smiled again and shook her head "Asshole!" she repeated. "You may as well come on down and meet Joe then. He's really a piece of work." With that she went out the door telling Joe to hold his cock a minute, Bill would be right down.