 Readers of Parts 1 and 2, may recall that I am 5' tall, blonde, with a voluptuous body. Since my husband began urging me to be more of a companion and a more exciting one, I have obeyed him and indulged my tendency to sexual submission. I had been drinking too much, which made me sleep too much and gain too much weight. Inhibition from the alcohol enabled my seduction by other men with my husband's connivance.

I began to want to be more aware of the sex play. I reduced my drinking, exercised more and slept less, the better to enjoy being seduced. My ability to excite men and give them pleasure made me want to lose weight and look better. I lost about ten pounds, making my thighs shapelier and my belly smaller. My breasts seemed as large as ever. At 52, I look 10 years younger, with a pretty face and firm, flawless skin.

"Sylvia, I learned about a new game we can play!" Jim said.

"A sex game, I suppose."

"Yes, you've seen the glory holes at the sex shop. Well, the manager e-mailed me that he wants to add a new attraction to his shop. He included a link to a website where the Czechs enlarge upon glory holes!"

"How?"

"I'll show you on the computer!"

First, he showed me a video of a naked black woman lying on a platform with the lower half of her body sticking through an oval opening curtained by black rubber. Her arms were fastened by straps to the wall, and she was gagged. On the other side of the wall, her legs were fastened vertically and wide apart, leaving her pussy available for any passing person to use. She was beautiful but looked afraid. A middle-aged white man came to the rear side of the partition and played with her pussy, rubbing it, licking it and finger-fucking it while she squirmed and squealed. Then he stuck his cock into her and fucked her for a while. It was difficult to tell if she were enjoying it or not. 

Next, he walked around, and with her head lying back off the platform, he removed the gag and replaced it with his cock. He fucked her mouth while she moaned and struggled to gobble it. He ejaculated into her mouth while she struggled to eat all of the sperm he fucked into her mouth. When he was finished, she smiled! He went around again and fucked her more. He pressed a big vibrator against her pussy. She writhed like a jaguar in a net! He was giving her an intense orgasm, and she looked more beautiful than ever! He fucked her some more, and then walked around to give her his cock, which she gobbled eagerly until he fed her another load of sperm!

Then, he showed me another Czech website showing a place where men bought a ticket to fuck any of the women who were waiting to be used. https://www.xvideos.com/video25380879/czechfantasy_choose_your_best_hole

Most were placed like the black woman, on a padded platform with their legs tied up and wide apart and only the bottom half of their bodies visible through the glory hole, except that only the lower half of their bodies were available. Their upper halves lay hidden in a compartment. They couldn't see who was fucking them, so they could imagine every guy was attractive.

A photo of each woman was pinned above her body. Most were beautiful young women. A camera on the ceiling focused on each woman showed her tits and her face as she responded to the fucking. One woman was older, about my age. She had fine legs, big tits and a pretty face with graying hair. Yet, several men young enough to be her sons fucked her, even reaching through the curtains to feel her tits! She moved her head from side to side and murmured with pleasure. 

Some women were placed doggy style, presenting their cunts like bitches in heat. Some were placed higher for men who wanted to eat pussy. Others waited by standard glory holes for erect cocks to appear for them to suck. They giggled when one appeared. Two women licked up and down the same cock.

A voluptuous, sultry, young brunette was fucked bareback by several men; her big tits bounced about. I saw a beautiful young blonde fucked bareback, too. One guy ejaculated on her belly. Another shot once onto her outer labia and pumped the rest into her cunt. That's how I'd want it, but I wondered how the women could be safe from VD.

The sex slave psychology appealed to me, and the group psychology. Here were a dozen women waiting to be used, not being able to see when or who. They could hear when one of their neighbors was being used: the man's compliments on her body and her cries of excitement reinforced their enjoyment of the situation they shared. No woman wanted to be neglected. They competed to be popular and used by many men. Each woman wanted the other women to know how much men enjoyed her and how much she enjoyed what the men did to her.

"I'm amazed! These women seem to enjoy being sexually submissive and acting like sex slaves, although the men pay, so the women must be paid. What's your point in showing these videos, just to excite me?"

"Maybe they keep a place for amateurs. The manager has been hoping you'd make a return engagement. He wants to know if you would like to initiate his new service. How would you like to try?"

"Tell me more!"

"He plans to sell ten tickets to one of the fraternities here at our college, for $20 each. A ticket entitles the customer to use you as many times as he can, but each customer gets to use you once before anyone can have seconds. You will not be a prostitute, because you will be submitting for sport, unpaid.. He will collect the price of the tickets to pay for his new service, erecting a special wall with a special glory hole. If a guy wants to fuck you bareback, he must bring a medical certificate that he is free of VD."

Jim showed me the manager's e-mail, in which he also said,

"If I build it, the college guys will come. If your wife participates, they will make her cum, again and again!"

"Would you really like me to do this?"

"It promises to be a very exciting adventure!"

"I'm game to try one night of it, but someone, you or the manager, needs to protect me, in case anybody is sadistic or wants anal sex."

"He and I will collaborate on making the rules and posting them at the ticket desk."

"I don't want them to see my face. I don't want a camera video of my face. He can video-record the guys eating my pussy and fucking me, if he wants. Do you think I can satisfy ten men without wearing out my pussy?"

"The first time should lubricate you well."

"Not with a condom!"

"I'll discuss it with the manager."

The manager was thrilled that I was willing to initiate his new service. He was sure I'd make it a success. He said Jim could prepare me, if we preferred, but Jim wanted to save himself for after he'd watched me gangbanged. The manager guaranteed I would be lubricated well by initiating me himself. He would lick me, fuck me, and cum in me! He promised to sex me up and make my pussy very receptive!

"I told him that you won't promise to serve more than one night. He thinks you'll enjoy it so much that you'll get hooked and return to perform the next Friday night!"

I watched those sex videos over and over. I didn't see any guy with an enormous cock, and I hoped none of my customers would have a pussy-buster. Whenever I thought about what I was going to do, I trembled with excitement. When I was distracted by imaginings, I didn't hear what Jim or others said to me. The Friday couldn't come soon enough for me, sometimes; other times, I felt panic and the impulse to cancel.

Finally, the week of my Friday sex party arrived. The manager had sold all ten tickets to a fraternity at our local college. The time was 7 p.m., but we were to arrive at 6:30. The sex shop was not in town but in the county, about 8-10 miles away, and just off the interstate. What should I wear? It didn't matter much, because I'd be served naked. Still, I wanted to wear a nice, sexy dress, short with a low neckline. At least Jim and the manager would see it.

We decided to dine at home, to relax. I couldn't eat much with butterflies in my stomach. I did drink two 6 oz. servings of wine. In the car on the way, I asked Jim how he felt about what I was going to do. He unzipped his pants and freed his hard cock! He asked me how I felt, and I pulled my skirt up to my waist.

The manager was delighted to see me. He had troubled to dress up in a sport jacket and tie! We exchanged a hug and a kiss, on my cheek. Oh, well, if he were going to strip me naked, eat my pussy and fuck his sperm into me, I might as well offer him my lips, too!

"You look beautiful and sexy in that pretty dress! It shows off your assets! You'll look much more beautiful naked, though, and most beautiful when you're enjoying sex! Would you like something to bolster your courage?"

He poured me a glass of a rather expensive, nicely chilled chardonnay. I drank it down like a glass of cold water on a hot day. He refilled my glass to take with me.

He led us through the curtained partition into the passageway lined with video booths. At the back end of the store, was his pride and joy, the new addition.

It was a small compartment, with a door that I could lock from inside. There was just space for me to undress, hang my clothes and stretch out on a waist-high padded platform that supported the upper half of my body. The lower half I would push through the glory hole, which was curtained to conceal my face but allowed whoever was fucking me to reach and feel my tits.

He showed us the other side, where my legs would be fastened up high and spread wide for easy access to my pussy. The platform extended far enough beyond the glory hole to support my ass and hips. There was enough space in the back room for the ten customers to watch and wait their turns with me. A sign above the glory hole warned that only my pussy was to be used. It encouraged users to reach through to "feel her beautiful, big tits."

I took a deep breath as the manager began to undress and caress me until I was naked. He praised the beauty of my thighs, my skin, my big tits, and my luxuriant bush. He ran his hands all over my body, heating me up while I sipped the glass of wine. I didn't finish it; I didn't want to dull my senses further. Then he and Jim helped me onto the platform and through the glory hole. He strapped my hands together under the platform. They pulled the door locked shut as they left for the other side. He had a key to the door. I quivered in anticipation. Hands gripped one ankle, lifted my leg straight up and then stretched it sideways and fastened it to the wall. Then, I felt eager hands doing the same with my other leg.

The manager's hands explored up the insides of my thighs. I felt his head between my legs and his lips kiss my pussy. His tongue licked up and down between my outer lips. His fingers probed deeper and opened my inner labia. His hands slid through the curtains to claim my tits. His tongue licked up and down my slit and clit.

"Mmmm!" I exclaimed.

"Your pussy smells lovely and tastes delicious!"

His finger penetrated me. He licked me and finger-fucked me. I whimpered with pleasure.

"Cum for me, darlin'! Let me taste your cum!"

After several minutes, I screamed and came for him. Then, he mounted me. His cock was a bit longer and a bit thicker than Jim's.

"I'll open your wife up for her party! See how her outer lips are swollen and inflamed? Her pussy is ready for cock!"

"Oh, yes, split my pussy open with your fat cock!"

His cock penetrated my welcoming pussy, which warmly hugged it. I answered each thrust deeper with a soft, encouraging moan. At his final thrust driving his cock home to me, I squealed with another orgasm! He pulled back slowly and thrust back slowly, letting me savor every inch he was giving me.

"Your wife is a choice piece of ass! I'll hate to leave her cunt, but our customers will soon be here."

He fucked me steadily, alternately caressing my thighs and handling my tits.

"What time is it, Jim?"

"About 6:45."

"I've fucked her for about 5 minutes then; I want to fuck her for another 5 minutes. It's too bad she can't suck the cock of her next customer to keep him hard."

The more he fucked me, the wetter my pussy became. I could get used to a lot of this treatment!

"God, lady, you're just so exciting that I have to cum in you now!"

With the intense grip my pussy had on his cock, I felt the surge of sperm up his shaft and then the jerking, spurting manhood.

"She's primed! Are you ready for the next guy?"

"Oh, yes!"

Jim said, "I don't see any sperm leaking out."

"I pumped my load deep into her. If the first customer wants to eat her pussy, he might not even notice it. If he uses a condom, the next guy can eat her pussy without tasting a creampie. I wonder how many got certified to fuck her bareback. Oh, the doorbell is ringing. I think they all came together."

Jim went with the manager to reconnoiter the field and reported back to me.

"I counted ten, alright, clean-cut college kids. You'll receive your first oriental and your first black, being his sex slave."

"I just hope he doesn't have a horse cock!"

"Dad used to have a Peter Meter; I recall that the longest measure on it was 'for big women and small horses.' I wonder if this store has any. It seems that 4 or 5 brought health certificates so they can cum in you, or on you. Probably in you, because a guy can always pull out just before he cums, whip off his rubber, and cream your belly."

"You're really enjoying this, already! You'll keep watch, so nobody sticks a beer bottle into my pussy or anything in my ass!"

"Of course! How could I resist your exciting show?" 

I heard male voices approaching. Later, Jim said that most of them had their cell phones out and took pictures of me getting fucked while they waited their turns. A few of them had a pal take video of them fucking me!

"We have only one choice; I guess he's testing the market. She must be hot, to take on ten of us!"

"She's older, mature, with plenty of experience. I heard she's a slutwife, wanting more sex!"

"Wow, that's mature pussy, nice bush! It needs exploring. Those beautiful legs are spread wide for cock, lots of cock!"

Even though I expected to feel strange hands touching me intimately, I was startled when two hands ran up and down all over my thighs. The hands converged on my pussy, stroking the hair, squeezing my mound, and rubbing my outer labia. Then I felt lips kissing those labia. I sighed my pleasure.

"She likes getting felt up! Her cunt smells sexy! I think I'll have a taste!"

He licked up and down my slit and clit. He stuck a finger into my pussy and wiggled it around inside.

"Ohhhhh!" I responded.

"Your cunt tastes good! The sign says to help myself to your big tits. Gotta have a feel of them! Wow, lady, you have great tits, and your nipples are thick and hard! Do like me feeling your tits?"

"Yes!"

"You look ready to be fucked. Do you want it?"

"Yes! Fuck me!"

I felt the head of a bare cock press into me. I gasped as he penetrated me.

"Are you a slutwife?"

"Yes!"

He replied by thrusting his cock deep into me. I moaned.

"Do you want all of my cock up your tight, wet cunt?"

"Yes, please give it to me!"

He drove his cock home, and I began cumming! He gripped my tits and fucked me steadily.

"How is she, a good fuck?"

"Yeah! She's nice and wet but tight. She really grips my cock! Lady, you feel so good, I can hardly stand it! God, you're making me cum!"

I felt his young cock jerking and spurting deep inside me. I cried out with pleasure.

"Wow, I'll want a second helping of her!"

"First, get to the back of the line! There are 9 of us ahead of you!"

A new pair of hands stroked my thighs and petted my pussy. Then they reached my breasts.

"I love big tits, lady, and you sure have them!"

Fingers spread my pussy open. I felt a plastic-covered cock thrust into me.

"Uhhh!" I replied to being taken like a bitch in heat. He possessed me in two thrusts.

"These goddamned rubbers dull my pleasure some, but I can fuck you longer before cumming!"

Fuck me he did, harder and faster than my first stud. He made me cum. 

"This slut loves to be fucked! I wish I could fuck you bare, but I didn't get certified. I hate to unload into a rubber, but here it comes!"

He rammed his spasming cock into me again and again. I screamed.

"For twenty bucks, slut, you're a bargain, but I bet you'd fuck free, for the fun of it!"

So far, I'd felt two average sized cocks.

"Let Jimmy go next. He's our virgin!"

"Aw, shut up, Ted!"

"Don't worry, Jimmy. You're probably not the only virgin here, after we cut through the bragging! You're lucky you got certified. You'll love fucking her bare! This is no crying virgin pussy, but a real woman who loves to get fucked!"

I felt hands tentatively, tenderly exploring my thighs, pussy and breasts.

"Do you like how I feel?"

"Oh, yes, lady! You feel great!"

"Rub your precum up and down her slit! She's tied up so she can't guide you in."

Jimmy did that. Then he penetrated me and began to ease his cock deeper. I wiggled my hips encouragingly and to help him get all of his cock deep into me.

"Hey, Jimmy, she really wants your cock. Look at her wiggle her hips for you!"

I whispered, "You're gentler, Jimmy. I want all of you inside me. Hold my breasts and make love to me! I'm glad you'll be free to cum inside me!"

"God, you feel wonderful!"

I felt Jimmy get all of his cock inside me.

"Go slowly, lover, or you'll cum too soon!"

He just held it there, saying,

"Oh, god! Oh, god!"

Then, he ventured to withdraw slowly and return gently to me. His frat brothers offered advice:

"Think about a boring class! Think about baseball! Think about your sister!"

"Shut up, dickhead!"

Holding my breasts, Jimmy eased himself in and out of me several times, groaning with pleasure.

"He's in paradise! He's in Hawaii, and its volcano is about to erupt! When you can't hold back anymore, really give it to her; fuck her hard and fast! Make her cum, too!"

This Jimmy did. When he reached the point of no return, he speeded up and fucked me harder, eliciting my moans of pleasure. I was proud to be his first woman and receive his first tribute of sperm!

"Thanks, lady! That was incredible!"

"Thank you, Jimmy!"

My fourth customer, Jim told me later, was the oriental boy. He was rather tall and thin. His prick was a bit longer and thinner than average. He speared me in one thrust! I said, "Oh!" and squirmed on his cock, to his evident satisfaction, because he said, "Ah, very nice!", fondled my tits and fucked me rapidly but courteously, caressing my thighs and tits. Maybe he was being polite and considerate of his frat brothers impatiently waiting their turns, because after only a few minutes he squirted his seed into me. I felt an extra thrill at the force of his ejaculation. He took a deep breath, withdrew and thanked me.

"You're welcome!"

Next, I felt strong, rough hands on my hips. With a thick, rubberized cock, he staked his claim on me.

"Jeezus, she's tight! What a grip!"

He fucked me hard for a minute, groaned, grunted, and filled his rubber.

"Oh, shit! I need another shot at that tight pussy!"

I'll never forget my sixth guest. I felt big hands playing over my thighs and reaching through the curtain to manhandle my breasts.

"Mamma, you have beautiful white skin, so soft and smooth! You make white beautiful! I like your natural pussy, too! It looks red and swollen from all the sex! Thanks, guys, for preparing this mother for me!"

"Oh, you're welcome—not!" Several voices chimed.

"What a body! Love your big soft tits! How old do you think she is guys? I'd say 40!"

"Yeah, she's about 40 or early 40s." Other guys said.

"You on the Pill, lady?"

"No, I use the rhythm method."
