 He was busy all day with meetings and reports so I didn't see him. After most of the staff had left and I was working my overtime he called me. 

I got hard when he rang me even though I'd masturbated twice -- morning and afternoon. Thinking about MJ having an adventure with Lymon; a man old enough to be her grandfather; the anticipation of tasting Andre's hot cock and the latest mystery man video from Andre had put me into a sexual daze. 

He presented me with a collar to wear. It had my name on it. He buckled it around my neck and kissed me deeply. Waves of desire and lust washed over me, my vision blurred; I was in a sexual frenzy! I couldn't think straight. My hands trembled as I tore at his belt and zipper; I couldn't get his pants open fast enough! I was going to blow his mind and his wad! I fingered his a-hole as I sucked his balls one at a time, (slowly and sensuously - the taste of him was intoxicating) meanwhile I stroked that firehose of a cock for a load of white ropy goo on my tongue and face. He wiped it off my face and let me lick his fingers. Somehow his cum tasted better now that I was his, I was sure of it. The sated look on his face thrilled me and filled me with an inexpressible joy. 

When I left he told me to wear that collar whenever I was with him. 

MJ wasn't home when I got there and the bedroom was undisturbed. There was no sign that she and Lymon had been in the apartment at all; much less had a wild fuckfest. There was a note on the kitchen table. 

It read: 'Honey, my phones dead and I'm over at Lymon's place. Come on over and join in the fun, love, MJ' 

Lymon's place was the upper floor of his apartment house north of Santa Monica. It had a killer view and was nicely laid out with a hot tub, Jacuzzi, ocean view and all the other SoCal amenities. He lived well in a suite on the top floor. He'd actually offered MJ and myself a lower lever apartment when we first rented from him, but MJ wanted to be closer to her work so we took the nice little place in Van Nuys. I parked and made my way to the third floor. I noticed a small elevator but the third level was only two flights and it was a beautiful night. 

When I knocked Chloe answered. She pulled me inside and kissed me long and full. She tasted like MJ and cum. This must have been quite a party with no end in sight! When MJ was aroused there was no end, she was gonna fuck everyone dry twice.....

MJ was insatiable; probably a textbook nymphomaniac -- whatever that was but whatever or whoever MJ was, she was my friend and my wife. She'd opened my world up and given others hope and love...She was truly unique. She was a wonderful nurse and a better lover.

The world was a better place for her presence, no argument. 

"Where's MJ?"

"In the master suite with Lymon."

"Is she OK?"

Chloe smiled really big and kissed me again: "She's just fine. Do you think she can't handle a horny old man?" 

"That horny old man made you HOLLA! last night!"

She shook her head and chuckled: "Lymon oughta know howta fuck! He was a pornstar back in the day!"

"!!!!!"

Chloe laughed: "Oh yeah! That old man was makin' 'em HOLLA! before you or I were born!!!" "He bettah know howta!!! He's Dick Dragon!"

Lymon, my landlord was Richard Dragon, AKA 'Dick' Dragon, pornstar extraordinare from yesteryear? 

Yeah, I thought, he bettah know howta!

And if the sounds from the master bedroom suite were for real, he still knew howta! MJ was hollerin'! Over and over. And over again.

Chloe giggled at the look on my face. "Check this out." She led me into the living room and picked up a remote. 

The wallscreen displayed a close up of MJ and Chloe licking goo from the head of a cock the color of coffee and thick as my forearm! Chloe turned up the sound. 

A man's grunting and panting accompanied this performance. Chloe grabbed the shaft and smeared some cum on her face. MJ licked at some cum on her lips -- she had a dreamy expression. 

"They been fuckin' their brains out all day!" 

I put my arm around her; "It looks like you had some fun, too."

"Paul, I love that girl so much, I love you both! She is so wonderful; she came over to my place this morning before he showed up and asked if it was ok if she fucked him? She didn't want to hurt me if I was in love with him or wanted to keep him to myself." She was smiling as she hugged me, "I told her, girl if want that man you go right ahead, hell, she let me have you for a week! I told her to wear one of those 'fuckme' tops and when she had his interest -- tell him she wanted to come out here and make some movies!"

True enough, no argument about that. It made sense that they were good friends and shared clothes, drinks, men, seduction strategies. Lymon didn't have a chance. I could hear MJ hollerin' in the bedroom. Chloe smirked and used the remote to pull up a couple of dozen frames on the massive wallscreen. Four or five of the lower frames were in motion -- real time -- there were a half dozen cameras set up by the angles displayed! She scrolled the top row and picked one of the first frames recorded.

Lymon leaned against the curved headboard of a king-size round bed wearing a short red silk robe that did not conceal his hard-on. It hung semi-rigid over the sheets. The red silk color contrasted well with his lean, dark, muscular body. A green dragon was embroidered on the right breast. He was in great shape - for any age! He smiled wryly at MJ who entered the scene wearing a similar short silk wrap that didn't hide her snatch. The rich green color of the wrap complemented her fair shin and red hair. They embraced with a deep kiss. His left hand was stroking her butt crack and he slid a finger into her ass. She squirmed a little, then began sucking back and forth on his tongue. It was as long as my dick and she stared into his eyes the whole time. Lymon rolled her left nipple between thumb and forefinger.

MJ shivered and groaned. Her nipples were perfect and fully erect. They looked like oversized pencil erasers -- really oversized pencil erasers! She gripped his hard-on around the base squeezing and stroking it. She ran her other hand over his chest, teasing the nipples.

Chloe put down the remote and grabbed my cock. She licked my nipple as MJ did the same thing onscreen to Lymon. This was some hot shit! MJ was strokin' him into some major league wood! When Lymon tongued and bit her swollen nipple, MJ lost control and ran her tongue around the groove at the base of his cock head, up to the tip where she teased the fat purple head into shooting a gob of nasty goo into her mouth.

Chloe was sucking half my cock and strokin' my asshole! I fingered her slit as she ground her crotch around my middle finger. It wasn't long before I was poppin' my rocks onto those sweet lips..She started to holla right after I painted her lips with my cum...

Onscreen, MJ deepthroated that black choad like she was possessed! She took the whole thing down her mouth and throat, slowly suuuucking on the upstroke!!! OMG!!! I knew how AMAZING!!! that mouth felt!! 

There she was, my girl-next-door beautiful wife sucking lasciviously on a big black wang! Lymon had pulled her pussy onto his face and he was workin' that clit for all he was worth. MJ ground her pussy into his face! I KNEW what a nasty treat that was! 

Chloe came again watching those two while I fingered her. Lymon shot a load down MJ's throat. She swallowed what she could but a white stripe ran down the shaft while she sucked the rest...

Chloe and I were lying there sometime later, kissing and snuggling when the phone rang. She answered it, said, "OK" and then to me: "Lymon wants to talk to you at the pool."

I went through the kitchen out to the pool where MJ was swimming and Lymon was toweling off. I took the lounge next to his. 

"Would you like a Remy Martin? Maybe a cigar?" He gestured toward a couple of snifters and a cigar box. Well, things were looking up!

"Thanks, I will." I clipped a cigar and poured a couple of fingers into a snifter. He offered me a light, then lit his. I got a good look at him by the glow of the pool. He was quite a specimen and I hoped that I'd be half the man he was when I was half his age! 

He puffed on the cigar, exhaled, sipped at the champagne cognac, and said: "That's good! Hell, after some good food and some better pussy, nothing, Not a goddam-thang, can take the place of a good cigar and some cognac!"

He admired MJ who was toweling off now, nude, resplendent in the soft light. It perfectly accentuated her fine curves. 

"I gotta thank you for letting me have some of that," he gestured in MJ's direction, "That bitch is something special! Her pussy's knocked fifty years off this old cock!" He laughed. "That nasty bitch got my blood's aboilin'! I've tapped it five times today and I'm not done yet! My shit ain't been this hard in years!" He squeezed and stroked his cock. 

MJ finished and slipped into a thick terry robe. She wrapped her hair in the towel as she approached us. She stopped in front of him. He put the cigar in the ashtray and opened her robe to caress her fine, ripe curves. It dropped to the deck as she wrapped him in a steamy embrace, gently undulating to his touch. Wrapped up like snakes, caressing each other's nude glory, they were so hot and sweet that I watched them melt into each other and felt no jealousy. They were enjoying themselves and each other. 

I was wondering if I needed to go back inside and leave them alone when they broke. 

"Hi, baby." MJ sat next to me. She hugged and kissed me tasting of him and the pool. She radiated satisfaction and pleasure. Her body was warm, her mouth humid, her eyes faraway. Lymon put on his robe and stood next to us, holding hers. She stood and he helped her into it. He took the lounge next to mine and retrieved his cigar, puffing and savoring its superb flavor.

She sat with me again saying "This has been a real treat for me," she looked at Lymon, "well, for both of us and neither of us wants it to end just yet." She looked out at horizon as he reached for her hand. She moved over to his lounge, sat next to him.

He said, "I've asked her to stay with me for a few days, but I don't want her to unless you're ok with it."

I took a pull on the cigar and sipped the Remy. "If MJ wants to stay here for the night or a week that's her choice, I want her to be safe and happy."

She took my hand. "Thanks, honey, I told him that you'd understand."

I couldn't believe it! Lymon was giving me exactly what I wanted! I'd be able to spend two or three nights with Andre!