 MJ was watching the latest mystery video clip when I walked into the apartment.

She'd downloaded it and had it on the wall screen. Sean was getting an assbanging from the mystery man whom I already knew was Andre, my new boss. Her pussy was sopping wet with a finger buried in it. She massaged her left breast with her other hand, pinching the nipple hard. I could smell wet pussy from across the room.

She licked her lips saying, "Oh baby, I'm so glad you're home, I need you right now! Come on!" He head rolled back on the couch and she started to gasp. "Paul, please help me, I gotta cum, I gotta!!" She writhed as her orgasm was obviously not far away. 

I joined her on the couch, took her other nipple rolling it between my thumb and forefinger, squeezed it hard and began stroking her wet muff. She was groaning from deep inside as she squirmed under my control. I slid a finger into her cunt when she gripped my dick, stroking it hard. We kissed; tasting each other's desire. 

From the speaker next to the couch I heard Andre's voice growl "Yeah, bitch, that's some good ass you got, good to fuck!" So she'd downloaded the audio track too, that was interesting. And arousing for both of us! Between MJ's hot cunt and Andre's dirty talk I was hard in record time! He told Sean that he was gonna shoot "a load of nigga-jizz" on his face. MJ moaned when she heard that and her cunt lips put a death-lock on my middle finger. Her hips began to buck -- hard! I leaned my head down and bit her nipple, stabbing it with my tongue.

"Ahhhggg! Uhhhhh! I'M! GONNA!! CUM!!!" She screamed. And then she did, making inchoate noises and thrashing wildly in my embrace. 

A few minutes after she'd finished her pussy lips relaxed and I could remove my finger. I let go of her nipple then and kissed her. She whispered "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I needed that so bad! I love you, boy."

"You're welcome, hot girl. I love you too!"

Onscreen Sean was getting a load of Andre's jizz on his face and tongue.

"That's so nasty!" She chuckled, turned the video off, and rolled over to face me. "Wanna hear about my day?" 

"Sure." I didn't exactly want to tell her about my day!

"When I got home from work (MJ was a nurse in a nearby hospital)I heard some noises coming from Chloes' place." (Chloe was our friend and neighbor; a sultry Hispanic woman who was recently divorced. Her children were grown. She was in her early 40's and lived alone.) 

"So I went over to her door and it sounded like someone was struggling. I walked in and there was Chloe being RODE! And rode hard by Lymon!"

"What? Lymon Brooks! He must be 70!" I was stunned! Lymon Brooks was our landlord! He owned eight or nine small apartment houses -- about 100 units total. He was kind, honest, and charismatic. He was well thought of because his rents were reasonable if not cheap -- some of the single mothers got some 'special' consideration, so the rumors went, and if MJ was telling the truth, maybe it wasn't a rumor. Naw! That was too crazy! 

"He had her folded in half on the couch..." She gave me that wicked smile, "and he was POUNDIN' IT!" She giggled. "Oh, yeah! He was makin' her holla!"

"Girl, Lymon Brooks is an old man and you're telling me that he was putting it on that pussy? Longdickin' her?" 

"I wouldn't believe it either if I hadn't seen him givin' her the full stroke!" 

I started laughing, "Chloe was getting the full bone from Lymon Brooks?" 

"She was hollering! At first I thought she was being raped; that's why I went over to check on her!" She stopped laughing and looked at me. "He's got some serious black meat, too!" 

I gestured toward the wall screen "Like the mystery man?" 

"Not as long, just as thick!" She was serious. "What do you think got me so freakin' hot?" Her smile had turned from wicked to knowing.

"Whoa, now! Don't fockin' tell that you're wantin' some o' dat?" 

That smile never left her face: "Yeah, I might."

"You're serious?"

"Yeah, I just thought you'd want to know who and why. It's been a long time since I've had some black cock." 

Maybe a month, I thought, but who's counting?

The moist purple head of Andre's cock was in my mind as distinct as it had been when it was in my mouth. I was hard before, I got harder now. Especially now that I understood all too well her need for some black candy. I couldn't think about that now, I had to steer the conversation somewhere else.

"I'm gonna ask Chloe. We'll see what she says about this!"

"Right, like she's gonna tell you about a hot fuck she just had with our landlord?"

"She probably would." Not a chance.

Chloe moved next door to us about a year and a half ago. MJ had met her first and they became fast friends doing all the girl stuff: coffee, shopping, lunch, beauty shop and spas. One afternoon while they were chillin' over three too many margaritas, Chloe confessed to MJ that she hadn't had ANY since her ex left her. MJ thought a minute, took another drink and asked her if she'd ever had any thoughts about me? 

"No, never!" Chloe's eyes were huge!

MJ smirked, "I was just wondering if we could help you out. Paul can give you a world-class fuck! And his tongue was made to eat pussy."

Chloe was drunk and tried to sound shocked "He's your husband."

MJ was drunker "Your choice girl. If ya don't wanna, ya don't haveta. No pressure, but the offer is there: girl friend to girl friend. Entendido?"

"Si, Entendido!" 

MJ had to attend a conference in Denver about a week and a half later. She told me that I might want to check up on Chloe, hang out, whatever. The rest, as they say, is history. It was a memorable week with Chloe. I showed her a good time and she appreciated being appreciated. Her ex didn't like to go down on her (he liked getting his sucked, of course!) so that was a plus. She told me that I'd helped restore her self-esteem. 

"I thought that it was all about some sexual relief for you?" I joked and kissed her. "I didn't know about this other stuff!"

"Silly, you know what I mean." She kissed my nipple and ran her hand up my leg to grip my cock. "This is just SO nice with you. This whole week has been just the best." 

This was getting a little too emotional; I wanted to keep things simple. I replied: "Glad to help, but if you want to thank anyone, thank MJ."

"I will, but first I need to thank you for this," she gripped my now rigid cock even harder, "repeat performance." Her eyes sparkled. We fucked and sucked the morning away.

She'd spent the night since it was the last night before MJ flew home. I told her that MJ wouldn't mind if we hooked up when she was home, they WERE friends after all and it WAS MJ's idea. 

"Well maybe, "She said, "but only if MJ says it's OK. I really love you two and wouldn't want to mess with your relationship."

"Girl, our relationship is messed up already! There ain't nothing you can do to it! She loves and trusts me; otherwise she wouldn't have us hookin' up! I love and trust her or I wouldn't let her head to Denver for a week with Jared."

MJ got up, took me by my hardon to the bedroom to finish what we'd started. She was off the next two days and I told her that I'd call Lymon to check on something in the apartment. She should be able to handle the rest. She said she was gonna enjoy handling that thick tool. The thought of some strange black cock turned her on so much that after she drained me, I had to change the batteries on her vibrator. What a woman! I hoped she would go easy on that old man!

The next morning I saw Lymon loading his tools into his pickup truck.. He waved and smiled as I walked over to him. 

"What's up, my man?" Lymon was always cheerful, of course, if last night was any indication of his sex life, he had a quite a lot to be cheerful about. Chloe was quite the hot fuck; that's for sure. According to MJ, Lymon get downndirty! 

"Everything's good! I got no complaints. But listen, you might want to check some of the plumbing in my unit, MJ says that the drains are slow."

He smiled and said: "I might have to put some drain-cleaner in that unit, it's been awhile. They can clog up pretty quick, doncha know? Especially if there's a woman living there." He winked. "And you got a lotta woman!" 

I laughed with him, "Word!" 

He said, "I'll look at your unit later this morning. I have to finish putting a shelf in a unit on Nineteenth and then I'll be over -- ten o'clock at the latest."

"That's perfect, Lymon, thanks so much! It's MJ's day off so you might want to knock."

"Or I might not!" He winked.

As I drove to work I was thinking that the old dude was gonna find out how much woman I had and that he could sample some of it if he wanted. I wondered if Lymon could satisfy her craving for some salty black candy? It got a little complicated screening MJ's paramours. She really got turned on if I watched her give head or take it all. If that old man could rock her like he was poundin' on Chloe I'd have some more time to devote to Andre. And if he didn't, the worst that could happen was that I'd have to screen some more black dudes for her?

I'd find out soon enough either way.

I called MJ on my way to work. "Hi, lover, Lymon is going to be showing up this morning around 10 or 10:30 to check the plumbing, the drains are slow is what I told him."

She was puzzled "The drains are..slow?"

"They need to be cleaned out. The pipes need to be cleaned and flushed."

"That sounds like fun! Is he going to do mine or should I do his?"

"It would probably be best if you both had your plumbing checked."

She chuckled and said "I'd better take a shower before he gets here."

"Good idea, bye now."

That woman was freshly fucked not an hour ago and she was getting wet again thinking about doing the landlord. Whew, she was an experience. I thought about the surprise Lymon was going to get when he checked the pipes. 

Andre rang my desk when I sat down that morning. 

"Come see me right away." And hung up.

His door was open; I walked right in and sat down. 

"How have you been?" 

"Very well, thanks."

"So have I, many thanks to you. You satisfy so many of my needs." He crossed the room and closed the door. 

He went back to his chair "I need to talk to you, get close to you, make you aware of the world that we are on the brink of entering." 

"World?"

He snorted and smiled: "More like a universe, an alternate universe!" 

The smile vanished: "Let's talk." 

And he told me about his world:

"I derive pleasure from domination. And more: validation, conquest, power. Nothing excites me more! Name the twisted fetish, it's mine if you are in my realm." 

"I cannot love outside my realm, I can desire and manipulate but I cannot love. My young body was violated by someone whose trust and care should have been without question, but I was used and used badly by someone whose love I still crave and can never win. It drives me and moves me to be the monster that I am. Make no mistake: I'm a sick, twisted, fuck who gets his rocks off by facefucking handsome white men like you! Nothing gives me greater pleasure than to plant my thick tool between some sweet white lips and feel that mouth sucking my meat till I shoot a load down his throat. Nothing gives me more pleasure. Nothing. I've seen the psychologists and tried to have a relationship with a woman. It doesn't work, I can't even get hard if the best looking white or black girl sucks me. I've tried, yes, I've seduced women but outside of some tactile skin response there is nothing. I have a specific set of stimuli that I respond to and that's it. Some of it is physical, but most of it is psychological. Simply put: If I don't feel a mental stimulus, then nothing is happening. If I do, then everything and all resources will be used to make you mine!

Now for us:

I fell in love with you the moment I met you. I knew that I'd have to reach you, to teach you how to want me. I was amazed that it was so easy. Your wife has molded you and bent you to her will. By appealing to her primal needs, I've been able to reach you, Paul Anderson, I love you, I crave your sweet pink lips around my hard cock. You are mine, and mine you will remain."

His eyes were shining, hypnotic, transcendent. Words can't describe the revelation I was experiencing at that moment! I was in love with this man as I'd never been in love with anyone or thing. I craved his consent, his desire, and his thick black cock. He owned me. There was no other path for me. Where he led, I would follow.

"I'm yours, Andre."

"I know."