 Husband catches wife in bed with their neighbor's 18-year-old daughter. Fireworks ensue resulting in the neighbor becoming their sex toy and fulfilling everyone's fantasies.

Many thanks to LarryInSeattle for his editing and content advice. 




Joe's last client meeting of the day ended earlier than expected and rather than make the long drive back to his office, he decided to head home early. He parked in his driveway and entered the house through the garage, hoping to surprise his young wife, Sandy. As soon as he entered, he heard strange sounds coming from the hallway leading to the master bedroom. As he walked closer, the sounds became clearer and he heard moaning. Thoughts were racing through his head, "Is someone in there with Sandy? Who could it be?" His heart was pounding when he approached the bedroom and peeked in. He saw Sandy in bed with another woman, both of them naked, rubbing against each other and kissing. Joe knew that Sandy had played around with women in college, but thought that was ancient history. He was upset, but also a little turned on by what he saw. He stepped into the room and shouted, "What the fuck is going on?"

Sandy screamed, while the other woman attempted to cover up with the sheet. It was then that Joe recognized her as Erin, the 18-year-old daughter of their next door neighbor. Erin was a good friend of his wife and would often stop over to chat. Little did Joe know that these chats had developed into something more.

Sandy then spoke, "Oh, Joe. I'm so sorry, I didn't think you'd be home for another couple of hours."

"Obviously, now do you want to explain what's going on here?" Joe asked. He wasn't angry so much as confused. He thought, "How long has this been going on?", "Have there been other women?", "Why was she hiding this from me?"

Joe went over and sat on the bed. Sandy was still lying their naked while Erin was still trying to cover up with the sheet. Sandy spoke up, "This has only been going on for a couple of weeks. We began messing around after Erin asked questions about what it was like to be with a woman. She has this mad crush on a girl in school and didn't know how to approach her."

Joe looked at Erin who sheepishly smiled and nodded her head.

Sandy continued, "When I told her about some of my experiences in college, she begged me to show her what it was like. I know I should have told you about it sooner but I was afraid how you'd react."

"Hey, I'm not a prude you know, I knew you'd had some affairs with women before we met. If it bothered me, I would have said something then, but it didn't. In fact, it kind of turned me on when I found out."

On hearing this, Sandy sat up and said, "Really? I wish I'd known that earlier, we might have asked you to join in." She looked over at Erin who nodded her head in agreement.

"OK, if you'd known, what would you have done differently?"

"I would have told you about our first conversation about lesbian sex. Erin first brought up the subject a couple of weeks ago. Once she felt comfortable talking to me about it, she really opened up saying she always wondered what sex would be like with a woman. She kept urging me to show her, but I resisted. She even suggested a three-way with the two of us and her as an incentive to get me to do it."

"Really, a three-way?" Joe asked. He looked over at Erin who gave a sweet, little smile.

"Oh yeah, I think she wants to fuck you as much as she wants to fuck me." Sandy reached over and gave Erin a nudge.

"And how do you feel about that?"

"Given what happened today, I don't think I have any grounds to oppose it."

"Yeah but if today hadn't happened, would you be opposed to it?"

"Truthfully, no, I don't think so. The thought of it turns me on, seeing you fuck her with me beside you, that's kinda hot."

Joe could feel his cock growing with all this talk about fucking little Erin. If the truth be known, he'd had quite a few fantasies about fucking that luscious teen himself, so Sandy thinking that was a hot idea was making him hard.

"So Erin, what's your take on all this? Is everything Sandy's been saying true? You want to know what it's like to be with a woman?"

"Yes...I do"

"But you've been with boys before right?"

"Y-yes, several but they weren't very good. They're either too anxious and shoot off before they even get inside me, or come too soon if they do. And forget about them trying to get me off, all they care about is themselves."

Joe then surprised everyone by saying, "Well how about we show you what it's like to be with a woman, and also what it's like to be pleasured properly by a man?"

Erin's mouth hung open as she looked from Joe to Sandy, "Really, you mean like, we could have a three-way?"

"Yeah, something like that, what do you say Sandy?"

"Um...um...I'm game if you are." 

He got undressed displaying his already erect cock. The girls just sat there watching until he got them positioned on the bed with Erin in the middle. He turned to Erin and gave her a kiss on the lips. She hesitated for a second then returned the kiss extending her tongue to meet his. When they broke the kiss, he told her to kiss Sandy. She turned her head and kissed Sandy with the same passion she had with Joe. 

As they kissed, he started massaging Erin's body, caressing her large breasts and pinching her nipples, eliciting several moans from her. He let his hand drop down across her flat stomach to her shaved pussy and found Sandy's hand already there, massaging her clit and smearing her pussy juices around. He leaned across Erin and kissed Sandy, thrusting his tongue in her mouth while moving his body over and on top of Erin. He slid down her body, kissing and sucking on her breasts, then moving lower and bringing his mouth into direct contact with Erin's cunt. He started licking and sucking her pussy, savoring the sweet flavor of her juices, inhaling her aroma, while flicking her clit with his tongue and slipping two fingers into her sopping wet slit. 

Erin cried out, "Oh my god...that feels so good...oh god, keep doing that..." In a few short minutes, she erupted with a massive orgasm as her whole body convulsed, arching her back and tensing her muscles until it was over. She said, "My god, that was the first time anyone has made me come like that."

He rolled off her and told Sandy, "OK, your turn." She smiled and went after her. 

Sandy straddled Erin's body facing her then moved up and lowered her pussy onto Erin's mouth. She said, "OK honey, suck it like you've always wanted to, eat my pussy and drink my juices...yeah, that's it...just like that...good girl..." Erin turned into a real dynamo, licking and sucking Sandy's pussy. Joe stood up next to Sandy who grabbed his cock and started sucking. She was giving as good as she was getting and all three enjoyed a moment of mutual bliss. It didn't take long for Sandy to reach an orgasm and flood Erin's face with her girl cum.

Sandy relinquished Joe's cock and slid off Erin's face to lay beside her. Erin sat up about half-way and asked, "Joe, please fuck me now, I want to feel what it's like to have a real man in my pussy?" Joe looked over at Sandy as if asking for permission and saw her nodding at him as if to say, "Go ahead, fuck her."

Joe got between Erin's legs, spreading them as wide as possible. He pushed the head of his rock hard cock into her pussy. "By the way, are you on the pill?" he asked.

"Oh yes, for the last six months."

Upon hearing that, he pushed his cock in the rest of the way. She cried out, "Oh god, you're so big, ooohhh..." He let it rest for a moment before stroking in and out, allowing it to slide almost all the way out, before thrusting it back in. He continued this pace for several minutes, then pulled out and told her to get on her hands and knees. He entered her from behind, thrusting more forcefully as he fucked her hard and long. He could feel his own orgasm building as Erin was building towards another. When his hit, he shouted at Erin, "I'm coming...oh fuck, I'm coming..." and pumped his load of hot cum into her pussy. Erin's orgasm hit seconds after and caused her cunt to contract around his cock as he emptied his balls into her. He pulled out and collapsed on the bed. He looked over at Sandy, smiled and said, "OK, she's all yours."

Sandy then did something Joe had never seen before—she slid down and started eating his cum out of Erin's pussy. She licked up all the fluids, a mixture of his and Erin's cum, draining from her cunt and swallowed every last drop. It was really hot. The two girls then went at it hot and heavy. He just sat back and watched as they ate each other's pussies. They both had multiple orgasms and looked fully satiated when they finally settled down. 

"Wow" was all Joe could say. 

He then sat up and said, "OK girls, this has been great, but to avoid any awkward situations like what happened this afternoon, I think we need to set some rules."

Sandy looked confused. "Rules, what kind of rules?"

"Rules to make sure we all clearly understand the limits and boundaries of our relationship. Rule number one, we can fuck each other as a threesome all we want, whenever we want. Rule two, when I'm not home due to work or work related travel, you two can fuck each other all you want. Rule three, when Sandy's at work or otherwise out of the house, I can fuck Erin whenever I want. Rule four, no outsiders may be brought in without the prior knowledge and approval of all parties. OK, how do those rules sound?"

Sandy was a bit surprised by rule three but after considering rule two, agreed that it was fair. But rule four was puzzling to her. "What's the deal with rule four?"

"Suppose you want to invite one of your girlfriends over to play or perhaps Erin does, we all have to know about it and approve it beforehand. OK?"

Erin looked excited, but said, "I feel like a fuck toy for you guys, what do I get out of it?"

"OK, I'll tell you what, I know you do a lot of babysitting for families in the area, so I'll pay you what you would have made working for those families and for any additional time you spend with us. That way we don't have to work around your babysitting schedule and you can be our fuck toy full time. You just have to be at our beck and call. OK?"

"God, now I feel like a cheap whore getting paid for sex," she responded half-joking.

"No, you're getting paid for babysitting with some nice fringe benefits," he responded, smiling. "Or we could just call you our 'fuck toy' and leave it at that."

Erin and Sandy both laughed.

==========

The next day was Saturday and Sandy had to work at the fabric shop. Before she left, she gave Joe a big kiss and groped his cock saying, "Don't wear her out too much while I'm gone. I want some of that sweet pussy when I get home."

"OK, I'll try not to, but no promises," he said and smiled as she wiggled her ass at him while walking out the door.

Once she was gone, Joe picked up the phone and called Erin. "Erin, I need some babysitting, can you come over right away?"

"Sure, I'll be right there."

Two minutes later, Erin walked in wearing cutoff sweatpants and a crop top t-shirt that barely covered her tits. Joe was sitting in the recliner and said, "Thanks for coming, but the kid is misbehaving and needs some oral punishment. Can you help me out?"

She smiled and said, "Sure, but I have to tell you, I don't have a lot of experience."

"Not a problem, I provide on-the-job training. Now come over here and kneel down. My cock is dying to have your mouth wrapped around it."

She walked over to him and knelt down between his legs. He was wearing loose fitting gym shorts that left no doubt he already had an erection. He told her to remove his shorts which she did, releasing his cock. It popped out right in her face. She gasped and said, "Oh wow, it's bigger than I remember," as she grasped it and started stroking up and down. 

Joe then instructed, "OK honey, now lick it from the base to the tip and then swirl your tongue around the head." She was a fast learner and was soon bobbing up and down on his cock while he provided encouragement. Within a few minutes, he was ready to blow so he warned her, "OK baby, here it comes, just pull back a little but keep the head inside your mouth." In seconds, he started pumping his hot cum into her mouth urging her to swallow. She did a masterful job, but some still leaked out given the size of his early morning load. She quickly caught it and sucked her fingers dry, swallowing what she missed.

Joe said, "That was wonderful honey, now come up here and give me a kiss." Erin moved to his lap and kissed him deeply, giving him a taste of his own cum. "Did you enjoy that?" he asked. 

"Oh yes, I love sucking cock and especially yours, you get me so turned on."

"You get me so hot, too. I want to eat your pussy now, if that's OK."

"Joe, you never have to ask, my pussy is always available to you, anytime, anywhere."

He got up and took her to the bedroom, stripped her clothes off, laid her on the bed, and started eating her pussy. She was already extremely wet so he sucked up as much of her juices as possible while teasing her clit with his tongue. Soon she was coming, crying out with pleasure as she flooded his face.

After a few minutes rest, Joe had Erin get on and ride him cowgirl style then rolled her over and fucked her in the missionary position until he filled her with his hot cum. 

After catching her breath, she asked him, "Are you still mad at Sandy for what we did yesterday?"

"Mad, oh no, I was never really mad, just surprised is all. But all that was quickly forgotten after our three-way, and the prospect of fucking my super-hot 18-year-old neighbor whenever I want."

She cuddled up to him, fondling his flaccid cock, giving it new life. "So you think I'm super-hot? Oh...never mind...your other brain just answered," she said as she felt his cock coming back to life in her hands. She slid down and took him in her mouth again, bringing him to full staff in a matter of minutes. Then she straddled him and said, "Come on, Joe...fuck me some more..."

Joe did his best, fucking her in several different positions and giving her multiple orgasms before he finally shot his third load of the day into her sopping wet cunt. They ended up exhausted, covered in sweat, and dropped off to sleep for a brief nap. When he awoke, she was already up and he heard the shower running. So he joined her, washing her body as she washed his, each of them giving certain areas extra loving care. When they got out, he checked the clock and realized they'd been fucking for nearly five hours with a nap thrown in. Sandy would be home soon so they got dressed and sat down at the kitchen table.

Erin asked, "Hey, I have a question about rule four, what's that all about?"

"Well, what about this girl you've got the hots for at school. You told Sandy you weren't sure how to approach her. So what if you could convince her to come over and play with me, for instance, which could lead to you playing with her. That way it's a win-win situation. I get to fuck another 18-year-old hottie and if we play our cards right, you do, too."

"Ah-hah, I see, that just might work. But what if Sandy brings in someone new, maybe a guy?"

"Yeah, I've wondered about that myself, but I guess as long as there's enough pussy to go around, I wouldn't mind. Besides it might be hot to see her fucked by another guy. Of course, she could bring in another woman, too, or maybe even a couple and we could swap partners. Now that would get my blood boiling, for sure."

Just then they heard the car pulling into the garage and Sandy came walking in seconds later. She looked at us and said, "Well did you two have fun today?"

Erin answered smiling, "We sucked and fucked each other several different ways, I think I'm going to like being your fuck toy."

Sandy appeared a little upset, but when Erin stood up, held her and kissed her deeply, any misgivings melted away. Sandy pulled her close and said, "I want to eat some pussy, know where I can find some?"

"Follow me." And they were off to the bedroom. 

Joe decided to let them have some time alone. After about an hour, the two appeared from the bedroom, naked and arm-in-arm, looking happy as clams. "So I take it you two enjoyed each other?" he asked.

Sandy said, "We sure did, why didn't you join us?"

"I thought you two probably needed some alone time with everything that's happened in the past couple of days, after all, our sex life has just been through a complete make-over."

"You can say that again. But let me ask you a question, you know Amber, the woman I work with at the fabric store?"

"Yeah, sure, that 30 something MILF with the big tits?"

"Of course, that's how you'd describe her. Why doesn't that surprise me? Anyway, she's been coming on to me at work almost the whole time I've worked there. Apparently, her husband doesn't pay enough attention to her so I was wondering, what if I brought her home someday to play? Under rule four, we all have to approve it right?"

"Well I don't have any objections, do you Erin?"

"Hell no, more pussy makes Erin a happy fuck toy!" They all laughed.

"I guess it's settled, you can bring her home anytime you want."

The next time the three got together was Wednesday evening. Joe didn't get home until 6:00 p.m. and found Erin and Sandy in bed fucking each other. This time his reaction was totally different. He quickly shed his clothes and joined them for a rousing session during which he fucked them both, dumping his load in Sandy. As they lay there recovering, Sandy said, "I talked Amber into coming over Friday night after the store closes."

"Really, how did you manage that?"

"I told her the truth, that we had opened up our bed to others and asked her if she was interested."

"I take it she said yes."

"Oh my god, you'd think she'd won the lottery or something, she wanted to come over right then and there, but I managed to hold her off until Friday."

"Why wait?" Joe asked.

"Well I want some more alone time with you and our little fuck toy first," as she grabbed Erin and gave her a big, sloppy, wet kiss. "Erin, come here and eat my pussy while I suck Joe's cock."

==========

Friday arrived none too soon, Joe had the day off and was semi-hard all day waiting for Sandy and Amber to show up. Much to Erin's chagrin, he even turned down a blowjob from her so he wouldn't be worn out for Amber. When Sandy and Amber arrived, Erin and Joe were sitting at the kitchen table chatting. 

Amber's nipples were already erect and clearly evident through her top. So either she was already turned on, or they had played around on the drive here. Knowing Sandy, Joe suspected the latter. Erin and he both stood up to greet her, giving her a hug and brief kiss on the lips. They all settled down at the kitchen table while Joe got everyone a glass of wine. Even though Erin was underage, he didn't feel a glass of wine was going to hurt. After all, she was already pretty much corrupted from all the sex she was having.

Amber and Sandy sat very close together with Sandy holding Amber's hand, periodically stroking her legs and arms. Amber in turn snuggled her head against Sandy's shoulder. 

"So Amber, I gather Sandy has told you about our little arrangement here?"

"Oh yes. Of course, I've been trying to get in her pants ever since I met her, but until a couple of days ago, she always refused."

Joe acted surprised, "Oh really, did something happen a couple of days ago?"

Amber covered her mouth with her hands, looked at Sandy and said, "Uh-oh, did I let the cat out of the bag, was I not supposed to say anything about what we did?" 

Sandy looked a little guilty and said, "I ate her pussy in the supply room at the store. But it was after we all talked and agreed under rule four."
