 Every summer, in our nice little suburban Long Island community all the neighbors get gather in someone's backyard and enjoy a barbecue. We rotate the duty of hosting the get-togethers which means doing the grillwork but the guests are required to bring other dishes, soda, beer and wine so there is never a burden on any one family to shell out lots of money or get too extravagant. Since moving into the neighborhood two years ago, my wife Julianne and I hosted three of these parties and always loved giving them. 

So, the weekend before the fourth of July we invited about 3 dozen of our neighbors for an afternoon meal that would continue as late as people wanted to stay. By 4:00 pm, I was working hard at the grill, trying to feed all the appetites that our friends had brought. Kids were running around the house while their parents and other adults were chatting happily in the humid summer air. Occasionally I would spy my wife having a good time and when I would catch her eye, I'd give her a little smile and nod and she would wink back. These barbecues were just great and the both of us thanked God that we had found this very special community to live in. At some point in the late afternoon, I handed my apron and spatula over to someone else and I was able to mingle with the guests, enjoy a beer and some food. 

I moved from one circle to another until I hear my name being shouted. I turned around, trying to find the source of the voice and finally I realized it was my friend Jack Cobb calling for me. "Mark! Mark!" He called. "Over here!" 

"Jack, good to see you!" I answered. I walked toward him and took his hand.. "I thought you were in Virginia?"

"No... That's next weekend. I have that big meeting down there. Anyway... Nice party." Jack commented. 

"Yea, wonderful party. Great burgers Mark!" Said Margaret Kutchen, a neighbor of ours that was standing with Jack. 

"Thanks guys." I replied. I then winked at Margaret. "The burgers use my special sauce but don't tell anybody."

Margaret smiled. "Oh, your 'special sauce', eh? I won't tell anyone about the ketchup. Okay?"

"Sure." I laughed. 

"Say Mark. Did you every get in touch with that accountant out your firm?" Jack interjected. 

"Um, yea." I answered. 

"Cool, did he send you anything?" Jack asked.

"Oh you boys! It's a barbecue for Christ sakes! Lighten up!" Margaret joked, playfully hitting Jack and I on the shoulders. 

"Sure, he sent something. Just some files on disk." I said, completely ignoring Margaret.

Jack shook his head in the direction of the house. "Uh, could I take a look at them now? I mean, if you don't mind."

"Sure, no problem."

We started to walk toward the house but were intercepted by my wife. "Hey, where are you boys going? Not going to watch sports, I hope?" Julianne said, nudging me in the ribs. 

"Sports? We wish!" Jack said. 

"Yea, we're taking a look at some business." I added. 

Julianne started to walk away. "You boys.... You need to learn to have some fun!"

I lead Jack into the house and he followed me up the steps and into my office. The office was on the third floor of our home and was pretty small. There was sofa bed along one wall for guests, some small filing cabinets, and a desk with my computer on it. Jack went over to the only window in the room and looked down on the crowd of people in the backyard; the noise from the party could be heard very clearly on the third floor. The first thing I did was close the door and lock it. Then, I went over to my computer and switched it on. But I didn't stay at my desk... I walked over and stood behind Jack, staring over his shoulder, down to the backyard. 

"What are you thinking about?" I asked.

"I'm thinking how much I'd love to see those fucking tits that Georgette Thurman has on her! Jesus, they're sweet." He said, talking about the redhead that lived 5 doors down from him. 

I reached around Jack's waist and fondled him through his khaki shorts. "Oh yea?" I replied. "I bet they must weigh a fucking ton! But I much rather get a piece of Cynthia Harmon. Fuck man! I saw Cynthia in a bathing suit two weeks ago and she looked fucking sweet!"

"Sure. Cindy's a goddamned fox. Fucks like a minx too." Jack said. He brushed my hand aside then undid the button on his shorts and unzipped the fly. 

"Like a minx? How the hell would you know that?" I asked. 

He laughed. "Remember the Henderson's Christmas party last year?"

"Get out of here! You didn't?" I gasped in disbelief. 

"No.... No! No man. I was going to the bathroom upstairs and I heard this weird noise." Jack made fake moaning sounds. "So I tip-toed to the bedroom and peaked in and guess what I saw?" He paused and I shook my had. "Cynthia Goddamned Harmon up on a dresser, with her skirt pulled up and Ryan Henderson giving it her! I couldn't believe it! But Ryan was swinging his fucking hips like there was no tomorrow!" 

I couldn't believe it either. "No fucking way Jake!" Ryan Henderson was the biggest prude I've ever known. I just couldn't picture it. "Shit, man. I'd love to get a piece of Cindy."

Jack turned around and sat down on the windowsill . His shorts were open wide, revealing blue boxers underneath. "Oh yea? Cindy. Hmmm... I wonder if she's strictly a two man women."

"You think she would... with me?" I asked while running a hand up Jack's thigh.

"Go for it man! No harm in trying. Is there?" Jack said. He arched his hips and slid both his shorts and underwear down to mid-thigh. His dick was half erect and it was trying to stand up. I took it in my hand and tugged on it a couple times. Then, I spit in my other hand and lubed his shaft so that his cock slid in my palm. 

I jerked him off until he was fully erect and then got down on my knees, my face just inches from his cock. Before I started to blow him off I said. "I'm going to go for Cindy. Definitely!." I gripped Jack's cock by the base and tickled the tip with my tongue. When I could taste his pre-cum, I enveloped his head in my mouth, then opened my throat and took in the rest of his member. Jack held the back of my head and gently pulled and pushed my face in his crotch. I reached up, fondled his balls and gave them a soft squeeze. 

"Oh shit! I'm going to come." Jack whispered. I tightened my grip around the base of his dick and bobbed my head back and forth along half of his length. Jack's cock swelled for a moment and when it contracted, a hot spurt of semen shot to the back of my mouth. Jack thrusted his hips as his orgasm became more intense and I had to hold on to his hips to keep from falling backwards on to the floor. I sucked him off until his nuts were drained and his dick started to go flaccid. We cleaned and composed ourselves quickly and made our way downstairs to return to the party. 

Just before we went back outside, Jack put his arm around me. "So, you really going to go after Cindy?"

"Definitely. I doubt she'll be that hard of a nut to crack. Besides, I've got moves no woman can resist" I smirked. 

Jack threw his head back in laughter. "Uh-huh. Alright, Casanova. Good luck."

------

The rest of the barbeque went off without a hitch and everyone from the neighborhood had a great time. I decided not to approach Cindy but rather, wait for a more opportune moment. The next weekend was the Fourth of July and those people that didn't go away on vacation all gathered at the Proust's house for another barbecue. Jack and his wife weren't there, but plenty of neighbors were, including Cynthia Harmon and her hubbie. While I didn't make it a point to chat her up too much, we did end up talking by ourselves. The conversation was light and we talked about work and family.

"Hold on Mark!" She said, interrupting a story I was telling. "What time is it?"

"Um," I looked at my watch. "Six. Is there a problem?"

"Well, I have this big sheet of strawberry shortcake at the house. I didn't bring it over 'cause we walked but I'm thinking I should go back and get it."

The opportunity presented itself. "Well, Julianne and I drove over here. I brought the Jeep so it wouldn't be too much trouble to go with you and pick up the cake."

"Oh, are you sure?" She put her hand on my wrist. "I wouldn't want to take you away from the party."

"No. No problem at all. We'll be back soon." I told her. 

I purposely led Cindy around the house, avoiding the crowd so no one would notice our absence. We jumped in the car and drove the short distance to her house. I parked in her driveway and we went inside.

Cindy got the cake from the fridge, although she needed to spread whip-cream on the top. "It won't take that long. Here, grab a spoon and help."

I took a spoon and threw a gob of cream on the cake. "So, how's everything going with you and Ted?"

Cindy looked up at me. "Ted and me? Fine. Everything's fine."

"Good, good." I said, applying more whip-cream. "And Ryan?" 

"RRyan?" She said, her voice cracking a bit. 

"Yea. Ryan Henderson." I replied calmy. 

"Um, fine I guess. Why do you ask?" She paused. "What have you heard?" 

I smiled and spread the whip cream around the cake. "Oh, you know. Grapevine stuff." I said. 

She put her spoon down and I looked up at her. "What do you mean 'grapevine stuff'"

"Oh, just that you two were well... I shouldn't say." I purposely stopped create a pregnant paused. Her face had "guilt" written all over it. I continued: "Well, just that you two were fooling around. I thought, you know, I would ask you directly instead of spreading around any false rumors."

"Well, even if they aren't rumors. What business is it of yours?" She asked, becoming angry. 

"Cynthia, Cindy." I replied, my voice calm and quiet. I leaned closer to her. "You're a friend. You're a good woman. I just don't want these things to get around." I took a baby-step in her direction." Besides, you're very pretty. Stunning actually... You could do so much better." I leaned in a kissed her on the cheek. At first, Cindy didn't move. I could hear her breathing heavily in my ear. Then, she pulled back and pushed me away.

"Mark!" She shouted. "What the hell are you doing? Come on! Let's just get the hell out of here and go back to the party!" I just shrugged my shoulders, picked up the cake and went out to the car. I got in my Jeep and watched as Cindy locked-up her house and walked down the drive-way. She was a very attractive woman: short brown hair, big dark eyes and cute little lips. That day she wore a light sundress and as she walked towards the car the blew it around her body, outlining her small breasts and slender waist and hips .I turned the Jeep on as Cindy got into the car.

"Hold on." Cindy said. I turned the car off. "Look, Ted and I haven't been getting along for about a year or so. I don't know: we fight all the time, he sleeps in the guest bedroom.... we haven't, you know, for a long time. Ryan Henderson was just something that happened a couple times and that's it. Honestly, we haven't spoke since New Year's, I guess." Maybe I wasn't out of the running yet. I mean, the fact that I'd tried to kiss her and she hadn't run away screaming was a good sign. I looked at her but didn't say anything. Instead, I put on my best "I'm listening" face. 

"Things are difficult, you know?" She continued. "Divorce is something that we should probably consider but it would disrupt our lives so much. The lawyers, the finances, the moving. Neither Ted or I really want to go through with it. So, I guess we're just like housemates now. Married housemates."

I decided to try again. I patted her hand and shifted so that I was facing her. "Look Cindy. I understand how difficult it is for you. But maybe you should get divorced. I mean, you're still young and very attractive. You wouldn't have any trouble going out into the world and finding someone else." I began to rub her hand then I slowly ran my fingers along her thigh. "I mean, I think you're beautiful..." I kissed her on the shoulder, then worked my way up to her neck, gently pecking at her skin. She offered no resistance and even seemed to open her legs a bit so that I could rub my hand along her naked thigh. My hand crept up to her stomach then further to just underneath her chest. Cindy turned her head, our lips met and our tongues wrapped around each other. I took her breast in my hand and softly squeezed it in my palm and felt her nipple with my thumb. Then I took Cindy's arm by the wrist and placed her hand on my crotch. As she began to feel my cock, I ran my hand up and down her thigh, each time drawing closer to her snatch. Finally, with my arm under her dress, I used my index finger to rub Cindy's slit through the soft, cotton of her panties. Cindy tore at my jeans, forcing them open so that she could feel my stiffening dick. I cupped her sex in my hand and began to softly apply pressure along the length of her pussy. 

Cindy pulled away from my mouth. "Oh man, we shouldn't be doing this!" She said, as I continued to pet her snatch. "Mark! We've got to get back to the party or people will get suspicious."

"You're not enjoying this?" I asked, as innocently as possible. "If you want to stop we can." I rubbed her pussy in a circular motion, hoping to stimulate her clit. Then I touched the bottom of her panties and was pleased to feel some moisture. 

"Oh god!" She moaned. I applied a little more pressure to her snatch and Cindy responded by squeezed my cock. Some pre-cum was leaking from the tip of my dick and Cindy used it to lube my shaft by pumping her hand a couple times. "Alright, come on! This has to be quick!" She said, opening the car door. I didn't even fix my pants but instead, pulled my shirt down as I followed her around to the side of the garage. There was a small door which Cindy unlocked and opened. Once we were both inside, she closed the door and flicked on the light switch, illuminating the two cars and work bench that were inside. 

There wasn't much room to maneuver, but Cindy crouched on the floor in front of me and opened my pants. My cock had softened a bit but once she had it in her mouth, it quickly sprang back to life. Cindy's free hand disappeared under her dress and shook violently; I figured she was rubbing herself to get wet. When I was sufficiently hard, Cindy stood up and wiggled out of her underwear, throwing them on top of one of the cars. 

I grabbed the the neck of her dress with either hand and started to pull it down: I really wanted to kiss her breasts. But Cindy shook her head. "We don't have time Mark!" She walked to the front of the car and used her hand to call me over. She turned around and faced the hood then pulled her dress up and held it over waist. Although I had seen Cindy's perfect ass in a bathing suit before, seeing it bare right there and then made it more appetizing. She bent over the hood and arched her ass up in the air. "You can come in me but make it fast! Not too fast though!"

I grabbed my cock and ran it along her slit to get it nice and sticky. Just doing that caused Cindy to moan. Placing a steadying hand on her waist, I took my dick by the head and felt for the entrance to Cindy's cunt. When I found my mark, I slowly squeezed my whole length into her tight pussy. "Oh, that's good! Yea, good!" Cindy whispered. I didn't want to move; I just wanted to stay in that position and feel her soft wetness around my dick. But Cindy was impatient and she rocked back on her legs, moving my cock around inside her. "Come on! Fuck me!" She commanded. I pulled in and out a couple times, loosening her snatch. Soon, we were both working together in a steady rhythm and our skin slapped together. Cindy got on her toes so we were level to eachother and so I could push deeper into her pussy. She reached underneath my legs and grabs my balls. "Oh shit!" I said in a hushed voiced. 

"Oh yea? You like that? What about me? You like fucking me?" She moaned. I reach around her waist and began to rub her clit with my finger. 

"Fuck I like fucking you!" I answered. "Goddamn! I've wanted to fuck you for so long." 

"Ahh! Then shut-up and fuck me then!" She said. While still rubbing down her clit, I pounded as hard as I could against her ass. Cindy's cunt was flooding with fluid and it was all over her backside and soaking my pubic hair. Then she began to make this low, growling sound and eventually was murmuring: "Shit, keep that up! What you're doing. Yes, just like that. Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Cindy pounded on the car with her fist. I could feel my own orgasm coming on but I wanted her to come first. I clenched my jaw and closed my eyes. Cindy's cunt was absolutely soaked with her own juices but I could just feel her pussy contract around my cock. My toes curled and I relaxed my cock as orgasm flooded through my body. I could feel the semen pumping out of my dick and into Cindy's snatch. I kept pumping away until the muscles in my hips, back and ass burned with pain...

-----

"And then what happened?"

"Well, when I couldn't fuck her anymore and was going limp I pulled out. You should have seen it! All this come just oozed out of her cunt. So, you know the rest: We cleaned up and headed back to the party." I was sitting with Jack Cobb at a table in Paris, a posh restaurant on the 10th floor of the Hotel Ritz in Manhattan. We were eating lunch and Jack wanted me to tell him all about Cindy. 

"Okay. So, have you seen her since?" Jack asked. He was genuinely enthralled by my story. 

I took a bite of my grilled fish and chewed it slowly to purposely draw out the tension. "Yea. A couple times. Let's see: there was the time in my Jeep in Ridley Park, two times in my house and one more time at her house." 

"Jesus" Jack said. "Sounds like she's sweet on you. You better be careful: these things can get out of hand."

"Nah. I don't think it's that serious. I mean, I doubt she's going to leave Ted or anything like that." I replied. 

Jack tapped on his wineglass with a fork. "Well, what about Julianne?"

"What about her?" I asked. 

"You've never carried on a long-term affair like this before. This thing with Cynthia sounds serious. I mean, more serious then before." Jack commented. 

I looked at Jack strangely and wondered what he was getting at. I was about to ask him what he meant exactly when we were interrupted. 

"Hey Jack!" I looked up and young, 20-something Asian guy was standing next to our table. 

"Hey Tommy, what's up?" Jack said. "Tommy, this is Mark. Mark, Tommy." We shook hands and Tommy pulled up a chair from an empty table. "You want anything?" Jack asked Tommy.

"No, I'm fine. You guys almost finished?" Tommy asked.

"Yea, hold on. A couple more minutes." Jack replied. 

An hour later I was sitting in a room in the same hotel, wrapped in a towel sipping a cold beer. On the TV was one of those cheesy porn flicks: some blond with fake tits was getting her snatch licked by some buff, tanned stud. The moaning coming from the TV was loud but not loud enough to cover up what was going on in the bed next to my chair. Jack and Tommy were naked, both on their sides and Jack was pounded away at Tommy's ass. Tommy's skin was wet and slick, covered in sweat. Jack's body was flush as he worked on the young man. I was dividing my attention between the porn movie and the action taking place on the bed. I finished the beer and put it down on the table. Then, I unwrapped my towel and began to stroke my cock to life. 

"Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ!" Jack kept repeating in between thrusts. Tommy face was all scrunched up and he was breathing heavily between this teeth. "Oh shit! I going to come! Fuck, I coming!" Jack yelled. He started to fuck wildly and I could see his hands and arm straining to hold on to his fuck-mate. When they were done, Jack pulled out of Tommy's ass making a popping sound. Both men spread out on the bed, breathing heavily. 
