 Tyson had never seen anyone like her before. She looked like a gothic angel. She was leaning over the railings of the subway platform. She had a beautiful figure. She was small to medium height and slim in just the right places. Tyson looked her over from head to foot. She was wearing black, knee-high leather boots and fishnet stocking over her bare legs. He followed her legs up – they seemed to go on forever. She wore a red tartan skirt, which was so scandalously low you could just about see the curves of her tantalising round arse. Above that, he could see what looked like a see-through black top under a thick leather jacket. Her hair was dyed purple, and it went all the way down to the small of her back. Tyson could imagine it stroking his balls as she rode him. He had to see her… Talk to her…

“Lady… Excuse me, lady!” Tyson called over to her.

Rayne turned around to see a rough-looking man watching her. By either side of him she saw two security guards who were looking over at the subway entrance. Probably waiting for the police, she thought to herself. Rayne walked over to him slowly. As she got closer she could see him in greater detail. He was about four days unshaven, and his hair was dark and shoulder length and hadn’t been groomed in probably the same amount of time. He was fairly tall and extremely muscular; the navy blue tank top and combat trousers refined his muscular physique further. As Rayne got closer to him, she noticed his dark eyes; almost black, like a shark’s. She could see no emotion in them whatsoever. Rayne founder herself staring into his eyes when she was merely a foot away from him.

“You wanted me?” Rayne inquired.

“Yeah. I wanted you to tell these two clowns that you saw me earlier.” Tyson stated, with his deep, masculine voice.

Rayne looked at him for a second, then turned to one of the guards, “Yes, I saw him earlier standing on the platform.”

“What time would this have been, madam?” The guard asked.

“He was waiting for the 12:05pm, so it would have been roughly eleven thirty.” Rayne replied.

There was a momentary silence as the guard that had spoke to Rayne looked at his colleague. They then walked over to a door marked ‘private’, assumedly to re-inform the police. Rayne turned and walked back over to her position overlooking the people gathered on the platform. She felt someone brush past her left shoulder and saw the rough-looking man stood beside her, not taking his gaze from her.

“Thanks for that babes. I’m Tyson by the way. And you are?” He asked.

“Rayne…” She stopped to look at him, wondering whether she wanted to know the answer to her question, “What did they pull you for?”

“I wondered when you’d ask that.” Tyson smirked, “I didn’t pay, that’s all.”

“So why did you need an alibi for a time, not a place?” Rayne asked.

Smart and beautiful, Tyson thought. “Ok, ok. I saw a guy creeping round some little girl. She must have been about seven. She was waiting for her mom outside the toilets when the guy asked her if she wanted to go and get some sweets. The little girl didn’t know him because she looked at the toilet door. She wanted to run. So I hit him. Turns out I broke his nose and parts of his jaw, and that he was a lost and found guy working here.”

Rayne giggled, and Tyson watched her beautiful blue eyes dance as she did so. He wanted her so badly, and his rigid cock was beginning to hurt against the zip of his trousers. He wanted her, now… Right here on the floor. Thankfully he managed to keep his urge under control.

“You want to go somewhere Rayne? If that guy id’s me I’ll be in the slammer within the hour.” Tyson said, looking over his shoulder towards the door the two security guards had entered.

“Sure. This place is crap. I only come here because I like its darkness.” Rayne told him. Tyson smirked and took her hand. As he pulled her away, her jacket opened. He saw Rayne’s large breasts straining to be released from the black bra that barely held them.

Tyson took Rayne up the stairs of the subway and into the bright afternoon sunshine. They both squinted and tried to make their eyes focus in the brightness. Tyson grasped Rayne’s hand tighter and began leading her down the street.

They walked from the centre of town to the outskirts. All the buildings were large, un-kept apartment blocks. The streets were filled with old, clapped out cars; most of which had broken windscreens and mirrors pulled off. They soon came to a tattered, four-storey block. Tyson walked up the front steps and produced a key from his pocket. He unlocked the green front door and invited Rayne inside. She stepped into the murky corridor. As they climbed the first flight of stairs, Rayne noticed that only two of the six wall lights actually worked. She began to imagine the placed being used as a drug-dealer’s hideaway.

Tyson approached a red fire door with the number six scrawled on it in permanent marker. He removed the same bunch of keys from his pocket and opened the door. Rayne hesitantly stepped inside. The room was pitch black. Tyson went over to what looked like an old cabinet. He took a lighter from what Rayne presumed was a bowl and lit a candle. He then proceeded to walk around the entire room lighting over thirty candles.

“No electricity, huh?” Rayne asked.

“No, there is electric,” Tyson replied as he lit the last candle. “Just it’s my friend’s place and he can’t afford the electric bills when the lights are on all day. Even if he could, I think he’d keep it like this. Makes the place cosy.”

Rayne looked around the room. It made the place look magical. Like a witch’s den. She stepped over to the silhouette of a sofa and sat down. Tyson went into another room. Rayne watched him through the open door. He ran his hair under a tap and tied it back. He then looked in a small bag under the sink and produced an electric razor. He began to shave away his dark stubble. Raven could see a bulge in his trousers as he shaved. She wondered whether his cock would match his tanned, muscular body. She began to feel her crotch warm to her thoughts, and she had to slip a hand up her skirt to pull her sticky, damp panties to pull them away from her moist pussy.

Tyson entered the room looking like a different person. With only very fine stubble, and his hair wet and tied back, he looked more like a soldier than the tramp-looking man Rayne had met in the subway. Tyson sat down next to her and looked at her thoughtfully.

“So what’s your story?” Tyson asked.

“How do you mean?” Rayne inquired, puzzled.

“Well you’re not from round here, are you? Got a kind of aristocratic flare in your speech.” Tyson smirked.

Rayne looked at him for a second, then down at the floor. “I’m a runaway.” She stated.

Tyson laughed. He couldn’t imagine Rayne in ‘proper’ clothes, attending church on Sunday. “How come you ran?”

“They kept telling me what to wear, where to go, who to hang out with, even who to date.” Rayne sighed, “That’s what made me run. They tried to fix me up with the football captain. Sure, he was handsome and all, but he was so far stuck up himself he barely noticed the rest of the world existed.”

Tyson laughed again. He could tell that the memories were still fresh and painful for Rayne. He moved a little closer to her. “So where’s your digs now?”

“Downtown. Staying with my sister’s school friend. She never made it out. She’s married to a financial advisor who she hates to high heaven. Trouble is they’ve got a pre-nup, so even if she wanted to leave him she couldn’t. She’d end up out on the streets.” A tear rolled down Rayne’s face as she spoke. Tyson leaned over and put his arm around her.

“So what you gunna do now? You can’t live off fresh air.” Tyson stated in a matter-of-fact kind of way.

“Getting a job at the subway. Cleaner. Maybe one day I’ll be able to lock the gates at night.” Raven smiled a forced smile. Tyson held her closer. He could smell fruit shampoo in her hair, and soap on her skin. His raging hard on throbbed and hurt. Tyson’s testosterone got the better of him.

Tyson leaned forward and kissed Rayne passionately. His hand moved up to cup her ripe, full breast in his hand. He could feel her pulse, and her breathe on his lips. Never had he wanted to take a woman so badly. In his past encounters he had been patient, and waited for the woman to make the first move; but Rayne had made him want to fuck her over the railings of the subway when he’d first set eyes on her. He tweaked her nipple and she gasped and rubbed her face against his. Her skin was so silky. Tyson soon knew that Rayne wanted him just as badly when he felt her small hand slide down from his chest to his groin. She cupped his balls and squeezed them gently, then moved up to his zipper. She slowly unzipped him and pulled his thick, nine-inch cock out of his trousers and into her hand.

Rayne slowly began to rub his thick penis. She started making her movements faster and she gripped his cock tighter as she rubbed him. Tyson threw his head back and gave a deep, masculine moan. Rayne knew how much Tyson was enjoying this. She knelt on all fours on the sofa and leaned her mouth over the head of his cock. Rayne lowered her head and lightly licked the tip of his penis. She could taste his salty pre-cum in her mouth. She flicked her tongue over his cock head over and over until she swiftly placed the head of his cock into her mouth, careful not to go any further than just his head. She began sucking his cock and licking his mans-eye as she clamped her hand harder around his cock and rubbed it fast and hard.

Rayne felt a tingle in her pussy as Tyson’s hand slipped up her skirt. He tore a small hole in her fishnets and pulled her panties to the side, then ran his finger over her swollen clit. Rayne shuddered and gasped. She would have screamed if Tyson’s large cock weren’t filling her mouth. Tyson began to thrust his hips forward as Rayne took more and more of his cock into her mouth. She felt his finger rubbing her clit in a simultaneous motion to his thrusts. Suddenly Rayne gasped as she felt a finger slip inside her and start to fuck her. She slowly began to buck against his finger as it propped deep inside her.

Tyson watched Rayne’s head bob up and down as she sucked on his manhood. He could see her rocking back and forth on his finger, which was dripping with her feminine juices. He stretched his other hand underneath her, squeezing her left breast, then moving down to her pussy. He found her swollen clit once more and started to rub it vigorously. Tyson felt Rayne let his penis slip out of her mouth, and she started moaning. She kept rubbing his penis, and Tyson fought not to cum too quickly. Rayne’s moans got loader as he inserted another finger inside her and continuously circled and flicked her clit. Rayne began bucking harder on his fingers until he could feel her juices running down his wrist. Tyson knew Rayne was going to climax, so he pushed a third finger inside her and fucked her harder and harder. Her clit was throbbing beneath his finger, and her grip tightened on his cock. She started to scream and Tyson’s fingers were getting wetter and wetter. He felt Rayne’s body shudder, and her screams turned into an exhausted moan. When her climax finished, her knees buckled beneath her and she fell in an exhausted heap on Tyson’s lap. 

Tyson smiled and looked down at her. She was panting like a dog. Her breasts heaved in her bra and her nipples stuck out like two hard bullets. He gently lifted her head off of his lap and laid it on a cushion. Rayne looked up at him. She watched him take off his top to reveal his muscular arms and bare chest. Tyson bent down and untied his shoelaces and took off his boots. Then he pulled his pants down and let his penis free. He felt so good being naked with such a beautiful, sexual girl in his presence. He went over to her and turned her onto her back. He unzipped her boots and pulled them off. Then he put his hands on her waist and pulled her skirt down. He rolled down her fishnets and then leaned over her. He kissed her and took off her jacket.

“Lift up your arms up.” Tyson commanded.

Rayne did as she was told, and Tyson took her top off. Rayne unclipped her bra and exposed her perfect, large breasts to Tyson. He knelt down on the carpet and licked her right nipple, teasing it. Rayne lifted her legs up and pulled off her panties. She started to rub her clit as Tyson licked her right nipple and squeezed her left breast with his hand. She looked down at his cock. It was still hard, and she desperately wanted inside her. She lifted up Tyson’s head and pulled him forward to kiss her. He climbed on top of Rayne and groped her breasts passionately. She could feel his hard cock pressed against her stomach. Tyson was teasing her, and he was enjoying it.

“You want this, sweet thing?” Tyson played.

“Mmm… Put it in me baby…” Rayne moaned.

“All in good time. First, I have a surprise for you.” Tyson explained.

Rayne watched Tyson get up off the sofa. He held his hand out and Rayne grasped it. He led her into the only door she hadn’t seen inside. It was a bedroom, dark, but cosily lit by candles. It had a huge king-sized bed pushed up against the wall. Men’s clothes were strewn across the floor. The duvet on the bed was doubled over. Tyson pulled Rayne close to him. He groped her breast hard and kissed her passionately. Rayne could tell that Tyson’s hard on was making him wild with lust. In the corner of her eyes, Rayne thought she saw something move in the bed.

“Tyson… There’s someone in here…” Rayne exclaimed, suddenly aware of her nudity.

“I know sweet thing… I told you I had a surprise for you.” Tyson smirked.

Suddenly a man sat up in bed. Tyson grasped Rayne’s hand and pulled her down on the bed. Before she had a chance to say anything, she felt Tyson slide his hard cock into her tight, soaking pussy, and she closed her eyes in indescribable pleasure. Almost instantly, any doubts or reservations she had left her, as Tyson began thrusting his cock wildly inside her. Rayne felt something on her lips. Rayne opened her eyes to find a semi-hard cock resting snugly on her lips. She opened her mouth to let this strange, yet irresistibly large cock into it. Rayne started sucking relentlessly as Tyson pounded in and out of her pussy. She was sure that he’d cum soon, but the strange cock she was sucking was now rock hard, and Tyson was still pounding her.

Suddenly Tyson pulled his cock out of Rayne and turned her onto all fours. She continued to suck on the cock that was now slowly thrusting in her mouth. Tyson began to lick her pussy with long, slow strokes. Then he moved down to her arse. He licked her ring and pushed two of his fingers into her soaking pussy. Tyson began thrusting his fingers violently in and out of her as he pushed his tongue inside her ring. He felt Rayne shudder as she had her second orgasm. Tyson took his fingers out of Rayne. They were soaked with her juices. He slid one inside her ring and slowly began to pull it in and out of her. Rayne moaned and gasped as much as she could with the strange cock thrusting harder into her mouth, forcing her to take his whole length down her throat. Tyson slipped another finger into Rayne’s ass as he lapped on her clit. Tyson wondered whether she’d be able to take his length in her ass, as her muscles clenched his fingers tighter than anyone he’d ever had before.

Tyson lay down on the bed and grabbed Rayne’s waist. She let the cock slip out of her mouth as she felt Tyson pull her on top of him. He liberally wet the head of his cock with his still wet hand. Tyson slowly lowered Rayne down until he could feel the tip of his cock pressed against her ring. He slowly let her slide down onto his cock until the head of his penis was inside her ass.

“Fuck! Your ass is so tight sweet thing… Slowly now… I don’t want to hurt you.” Tyson stated.

Rayne moaned as she slowly and gently slid down on Tyson’s cock. She had almost forgotten about his unknown accomplice until she saw him stood in front of her, his cock rigid at the sight of her skewered on Tyson’s cock. He knelt on the bed and pushed Rayne’s legs apart. She moaned as she felt Tyson’s thrusts getting faster and harder in her ass. Tyson grabbed Rayne’s breasts as he started pounding her ass as hard as he’d fucked her pussy minutes earlier. Then Rayne felt it. She felt the strange cock slide inside her pussy, and for the first time she got a good look at the stranger’s face.

Rayne’s unknown fuck-friend was extremely handsome. He had short, blond hair, and the same black eyes as Tyson. He came forward more until Rayne’s breasts were rubbing against his slightly hairy chest. He felt Tyson’s hard pounding rhythm in her ass, and he began to fuck her pussy even harder. Rayne felt like she was going to be split in two. She rubbed her face against this man’s, and pressed her lips to his ears.

“Who are you?” she asked.

“Tiger.” He replied, as he suddenly thrust into her as hard as he could. Rayne came to her third, and most intense orgasm.