 Dear reader; WARNING: In this chapter I ratchet up the danger and intensity of the story. No one gets killed, but the faint of heart among you may find some of what transpires to be unpleasant. If you are skittish, you may wish to look away.

I will post the last chapter in 2 or 3 days.

All characters are at least eighteen.

***

I lost track of how many times she jolted me with that fucking stun gun. She jammed it onto my ass a few times to herd me into my trailer and into my stomach to get me onto a chair. Then, when she had me handcuffed to the chair, she cut my tee-shirt off with a switchblade and zapped me again just for fun. She laughed the whole time.

"What the fuck Cindy!?" I said when I finally caught my breath.

"I got video of you fucking a student, sub. You're my bitch now."

"Show that goddamned video to anyone you want, I don't care. I got fired yesterday afternoon. And besides a bullshit substitute teaching job isn't worth this shit you crazy cunt!"

Zap!

"You're a pathetic liar!"

It was still pretty early in the morning, eight AM, but it was already getting uncomfortably hot in my trailer. She'd only been torturing me for ten minutes or so, but Cindy Kwan's icy goth affectation was looking distinctly droopy. Sweat beaded up along her brow, blurred her heavy eye makeup and soaked darker patches down the back and in the armpits of her tight black dress. Finally she paused in tormenting me to heave a pant in the humid air.

"Fuck sub, it's hot as Hell in here."

I didn't respond.

"I suppose I'd better get used to it," she said with a crooked smile. "Someday I'll be in charge of the underworld and it won't do to let my thralls see me sweat." She laughed a laugh that made my skin crawl.

I shook my head like I pitied her. But I was just trying to cover up that I was seriously freaked out.

"Well, let's see how your pill is doing," she said and stepped close to squeeze my crotch with her left hand.

In all the casual electrocution I'd forgotten she'd dosed me with Viagra. So had my dick, who didn't seem to like being shocked by that crazy bitch any more than I. However, as she stepped back and began unfastening the long line of obsidian buttons down the front of her dress, I realized she had more in mind than mere torture.

She took her time, slowly revealing herself as she opened her frock and peeled off the fabric to expose her black corset, garters and stockings. She was a skinny girl. Her ribs showed clearly on her upper chest and her abdomen was tight and concave. The corset tried its best to push her tits into respectable mounds, but she was like our beautiful state of Florida: flat and crazy.

Her dark, narrow, Asian eyes gleamed at me with an insane intensity as she sunk to her knees before climbing up my body. She sunk her nails into me like a careless kitten and her long, lank hair dragged along my flesh with a light tickling sensation. She wasn't wearing panties and as she rubbed her pussy up along my leg I could feel she was very wet. I tried to resist but, God help me, I started to get turned on.

"Mmmm, you like your Mistress don't you?" she said as she massaged my erection through my shorts.

I didn't respond.

She noticed the tattoo on my ribs on my right side and leaned in close to inspect it. "Hmm, what's this? A vampire and a... is that a knot or something under her? The vampire looks like me a little, wouldn't you say?"

"It's not a fucking vampire."

Zap!

I didn't know if the battery on that thing was finally getting low or if I was just getting acclimated to being shocked. Whatever the reason, I shook that one off pretty easily.

"Well slave, before pussy gets to eat, mama must feed," she purred. She held up her switchblade before my eyes and flicked it open. Flashing an evil smile, she jabbed me in the neck.

As I screamed like a frightened child she laughed some more, bared her teeth and bent down to start sucking my neck; yes dear reader, she was drinking my fucking blood. When she raised her head up again, her lips, teeth and chin were dripping scarlet.

I twisted and strained to get away, but she had me cuffed to the chair and was sitting on my lap with her legs wrapped under the seat. In truth, it really didn't hurt very much. Mostly it just scared the hell out of me out to have my blood slurped by that high school vampire wannabe.

Fortunately, that's when Lenny and Pablo showed up.

In her crazy rush to cuff me down and taste my B negative, Cindy had neglected to close the front door all the way. So when my two college buddies showed up and heard me screaming in terror, they poked their heads in and froze in confusion at the sight of me struggling to get out from under a tiny, lingerie-clad Asian girl. When I caught sight of their baffled faces I loudly demanded they "get this psycho bitch off of me," or words to that effect.

As they hesitantly advanced on Cindy, she jumped up and whirled around to brandish her stun gun and her knife. She hissed at them like a startled cat and they hesitated, but since she'd only bound my arms I was able to kick her legs out from under her and drop her to the floor like a sack of antlers.

And that's when she started to get really weird.

Lenny and Pablo, neither of whom are what you'd call men of action, paused, reluctant to tackle Cindy and beat the crap out of her despite my loud entreaties to do just that. However, Cindy, once on the ground, began to whimper and beg.

"Please sirs, don't put me into the sunlight. I'll do anything! Anything!" She said crawling on the ground towards my friends with her bare ass in the air.

"What the hell is going on dude?" asked Pablo as she grabbed his foot and started licking his shoe.

"Hey man, you're bleeding," observed Lenny, pointing at my neck.

"That's 'cause she was sucking my fucking blood, Lenny!"

"Is she a real vampire?" asked Lenny.

"Of course she's not a real fucking vampire."

"No, I'm not a vampire. Honest!" she sniveled. "I'll be your slave: anything. Just please don't put me in the sunlight."

"Is this some kind of fantasy you guys are playing?" asked Pablo.

"She's playing, I'm getting my genuine fucking blood drank. Now get the key from her and un-cuff me from of this goddamned chair."

"Where's the key, slave?" demanded Pablo of Cindy as she groveled at his feet.

She slithered across the floor and plucked it from her purse. "Is that all you require of me masters... or, are you going to cruelly ravish me?"

"I still don't get what's going on here." said Lenny as he took the key from Cindy and opened the cuffs.

"I think Vampira here is into some serious dominance and submission play," Said Pablo

"Whoa," said Lenny.

"Anything you want masters. I am powerless... powerless," said Cindy as she crawled backwards onto the couch and let her legs fall open suggestively. Her pussy was shaved bare.

"I'm not touching that psycho," I said, although my cock was registering his firm disagreement.

Pablo stepped up to the couch and looked on her with cool, emotionless eyes. "How old are you Vampira?"

"Many centuries... too numerous to count..."

"Wait, I thought she was just saying she wasn't a vampire?" observed Lenny. He was a pain in the ass to watch a movie with because he couldn't help but point out plot gaps and apparently this habit even extended to sexual fantasies in play. He'd make some gal an annoyingly particular husband some day.

"How old is she Dan?" Pablo asked me.

"I don't know; she's a senior in high school; eighteen or seventeen I guess."

"Dude. You're fucking your students?"

"She's not my student. I got fired yesterday."

He looked at Cindy writhing in anticipation on the couch. "I can see why."

Lenny had stooped down and rummaged through Cindy's purse until he found her drivers license. "She's nineteen," he reported.

Pablo, who had just started law school that semester, had a legal mind if not a moral one. Now, with Cindy's consensual status confirmed, his face took on a look of wicked intent as he turned back to her. "OK slave, you're going to suck my cock. If you try to sneak any blood out of me, we're going to throw you out into the sun to watch your flesh melt away and your body turn to dust."

"Yes master, anything."

Pablo opened his khaki shorts and pulled out his cock. I'd never seen his erect prick before and was surprised it wasn't bigger. He was a stocky guy; not fat, but you could tell he would eventually end up huge. I assumed his cock would be the same. However, Cindy didn't seem to mind as she sat up and began lapping at it eagerly, bathing his shaft and balls in long licks of her tongue.

"Fuck, I want some of that," said Lenny and he stepped over to bring his dick to Cindy's face too. I noticed with surprise that, although Lenny was short, his meat was surprisingly huge; well, bigger than mine anyway.

I stepped out of the room as Cindy began alternating pumping her face onto one cock then the other. I went to the bathroom and recoiled a bit when I saw myself in the mirror. My brown hair stood up like a troll wig and my blue eyes drooped with dark, tired rings; mementos of the long night fucking Hafsa and Sally. Several reddish burn marks marred my stomach where Cindy had zapped me, a small red cut in my neck had crusted over and a smear of drying blood led down to a vivid hickey just above my collarbone. In my shorts, an obvious hard-on strained at the fabric.

"Aw fuck it," I said as I stepped out of my shorts and walked in to join in on fucking Cindy.

When I walked back into the living room Pablo's sweaty ass was perched on the arm of my couch and Cindy's face was being forced back and forth along his cock as Lenny slapped his shaft into her from behind. Lenny had removed all his clothes, but Pablo, who was sensitive about his gut, retained his shirt. Cindy still wore her corset, garters and stockings although the corset had been forced down and her nipples were visible, standing straight out from her chest like hard, dark pink cones.

"You want in here?" asked Lenny.

"Just get underneath her. I'm going to fuck this blood sucker's ass."

I saw Cindy's eyes roll towards me with a look of genuine concern. I smiled at her bitterly.

Lenny pushed Cindy aside to sit on the couch and pull her onto his lap. As Cindy began pumping up and down on his shaft, Pablo moved forward to continue holding her hair and slamming a rough face fuck into her mouth. I stepped over to retrieve the bottle of baby oil from where I had dropped it during yesterday's pepper spray fiasco. I rolled one of the condoms left over from the previous night down onto my unit and stepped forward to take my place in the throbbing knot of flesh. 

I was in no mood to be gentle with Cindy, but the idea of impaling her ass without lube didn't sound very enticing either. So I thrust the nozzle of the baby oil bottle hard up against her asshole and squeezed a generous stream up inside. She squirmed at the sensation. I sprayed my cock with a heavy coating, tossed the bottle away and squatted behind her. I saw the wiry muscles of her scrawny back writhe with anticipation as I brought my head to her greasy pucker. Without further preparation, I pushed deep into her anus with a single remorseless thrust as she gurgled uncomfortably around Pablo's prick.

We went crazy on Cindy; stretching her scrawny body with our cocks and crushing her between us as we used her like a rented dumpster. The sweat flowed off us like rain as sex stink and animal grunts saturated the hot air. Pablo asked if he could take a turn in her ass and I traded with him, laughing cruelly at her retching gags as I forced my funky dick into her mouth. Eventually Lenny and Pablo decided to trade holes and flipped her over before recommencing their double assault. As they threatened to pry her apart at her pelvis I sat back to watch and stroke myself for a while since my legs were still stiff from the previous day's strenuous activity and I needed a break. As I stared, I saw her skin bloom in vivid pink as she emitted a throaty moan and her body twitched with the telltale spasm of a powerful orgasm. When she finally opened her dazed eyes, she reached out eagerly for my dick. Despite myself, I was impressed. She might be crazy, but the girl could fuck.

We pulled her from the couch and peeled off our rubbers in preparation to shower her with our spunk. She panted and looked up at us with hungry eyes as we hovered over her and yanked ourselves to climax. Pearly streams of hot semen erupted from our florid pricks to splatter against her upturned face and tiny tits. Finally we all slouched back, sated and groggy.

"Oh thank you, thank you, thank you..." she said from the floor, repeating it over and over. Finally she pulled herself up and walked unsteadily to my bathroom. We heard the shower running a short time later.

Pablo laughed. "Dude, we were talking on the way up here how we felt bad for you stuck in this shitty trailer in this douche bag town. But shit man, this is freak central." Lenny started laughing too.

I told them what had been happening since the previous afternoon. I told them about getting fired, about Madison, the rape I foiled, the three-way with Mimi, the erstwhile virgins Hafsa and Sally and my torture at the hands of Cindy. They seemed reluctant to believe me and I didn't blame them.

Cindy came out as I finished my story. She was singing liltingly, even joyously. If I didn't know any better I might even believe she wasn't completely bonkers.

Pablo got up to take a quick shower and warned that they needed to be back on the road soon. Cindy kissed him lightly as he left the room and he smiled at her like an idiot. Lenny told me they had dropped by because they were going up to Gainesville to a party being thrown by one of our old college friends who would be graduating in a few weeks. They had tried calling but my land line was disconnected and my cell didn't answer, so they had come over to see if I wanted to join them.

"A college party? Can I go?" asked Cindy. She smiled hopefully, even a little sweetly.

I gave Lenny a wide eyed look; trying to wordlessly convey don't take her with you!

But Lenny, probably envisioning a nice leisurely back seat blow job from a submissive Vampira on the drive up, said, "yeah, OK." And when Pablo came back from the shower and shrugged in consent, I looked at my two bonehead friends in disbelief. There was no way I was going anywhere with that crazy bitch, I don't care how reasonable she temporarily seemed.

So, after Lenny grabbed a quick shower, Cindy laboriously pulled on her outfit and I watched them drive off. I shook my head like I was watching a suicide mission depart for enemy lines. But I also sighed in relief. At least I was rid of Cindy. She was Lenny and Pablo's problem now and, frankly, I was glad they were gone. I wasn't interested in a loud, crowded party. All I wanted was several hours of uninterrupted sleep. I was exhausted.

***

The oppressively hot trailer smelled of sex and sweat. I slept long, but poorly. My dreams were unsavory at best, horrifying at worst. When I found myself looking up at Mimi LaFarge's face framed in her wavy dark hair with its stark white stripe and flanked by a couple of similarly scary women, I assumed I was slipping down into another bad dream. But when Mimi spoke to me her voice seemed strangely real.

"Where's Cindy?"

"She's not here," I replied groggily.

"Her car is out front."

"She's with Pablo and Lenny," 

"Who the fuck are Pablo and Lenny?"

I sat up with a start as I realized this wasn't a dream. Mimi and the other women were in my trailer looming over my couch. One of the women I recognized as the auburn haired, dykey goth girl I'd seen hanging out with Madison, Cindy and Ramona in the school parking lot yesterday afternoon. The other woman I didn't recognize. She looked to be in her late twenties, had a face full of piercings and a green and purple snake tattooed around her neck. Mimi was wearing black and grey camouflage short-shorts and a pink Bikini Kill tank top that strained to contain her big fake tits. The other two were dressed entirely in black; snake neck in a tight skirt and a silk blouse, dyke-girl in a tank top and dungarees.

"Some friends of mine," I answered, suddenly alert. "They went to a party. Cindy asked if she could go and they took her along."

"Why would she want to do something like that?" asked Mimi with an air of disbelief.

"I don't know... she was in a good mood at the time, my buddies asked if I wanted to go. I didn't. She did."

"You fuck her?" asked the dykey goth girl through clenched teeth.

"Lila please, I'll handle the substitute," said Mimi patiently without looking away from me. "So, substitute, did you fuck her?"

"Um, yeah."

"Just you?"

"We... um... we all did. She wanted..."

"Told ya," said the snake neck woman. "You can smell it on him."

"Shit Fran, you can practically smell it from the car," said Mimi with a half smile, still looking at me. "Yeah, I think the substitute will do nicely."

"Do nicely for what?" I asked nervously. I had a bad feeling about the way this conversation was going.

Mimi nodded and the two other women grabbed my arms to hold me down on the couch. I resisted, but they were surprisingly strong. Mimi produced a red handkerchief and a small bottle and dribbled some of the fluid into the fabric. I could smell the chloroform from where I sat. I gave a final burst of thrashing resistance but Lila punched me hard in the stomach and I doubled me over. Before I could straighten out the hanky was being pushed against my mouth and nose. Darkness crept over me. I thought I could hear them laughing.

***

I regained consciousness to the sound and feel of manacles closing over my wrists and ankles as I was stretched out across a cold, hard floor. I was naked. In the dim, flickering light, my vision gradually regained its focus and I saw Madison Mallard kneeling over me. She was naked but for an elaborate sliver pendant around her neck; a goat's skull in a pentagram in a circle of braided snakes. She looked at me with sad, apologetic eyes as she swabbed my body with what smelled like olive oil. Leaning in close she silently mouthed "I'm sorry".

"Sorry?" I said. "For wh...?"

"Mistress, the sacrifice is awake!" called another voice; a close one. Over to my left, also swabbing me with oil, was Lila. She too was naked but for the elaborate pendant. He body was solid and powerful looking, almost manly with compact breasts that seemed to be more muscle than fat. She reached up and pushed Madison away from my face. "Don't fraternize," she said.

Madison shot her an irritated look that was returned by Lila. I thought they might break out into a fight but Mimi walked up and they went back to oiling my body.

...Wait a minute, did Lila say sacrifice?

"Sacrifice?" I said to Mimi as she loomed over me. She was covered head to toe in a hooded robe so only her face showed.

"Oh don't worry substitute, it's not as bad as it sounds. You might actually enjoy it."

Lila snorted a short laugh.

"You get to copulate with the whole coven tonight. What man wouldn't want to fuck thirteen women?"

"I appreciate your faith in my ability, but there is now way I can manage..."

"Trust me substitute, you can."

"I dunno, even with Viagra..."

"We have more potent magics than mere pharmaceuticals, Substitute."

"Well, OK, I'll try... but no promises. Can you unchain me at least?"

"I'm tired of listening to his questions. Madison, gag him."

Mimi handed Madison a ball gag on a black leather strap as Lila looked on and chuckled quietly to herself. Still looking at me with wide eyes and a knitted brow Madison leaned in to place the ball into my mouth and wrap the strap around my head. Her lovely breasts brushed my face as he did so and I felt my cock stir slightly.
