 Dear reader; this is the second part of a four part group sex tale that also contains other flavors of sexual perversion. It is a work of fiction and is meant to be entertaining rather than enlightening or socially responsible. I will post the chapters 2 – 3 days apart.

All characters are at least eighteen.

***

"Maddie dear," said Mimi LeFarge as she rubbed her hands together slowly. "Today you are going to get fucked in the ass by young Mr. Whatshisname here."

Madison seemed taken aback by the news; she looked up at me with a glint of reluctance in her eyes and then back at Mimi. I glowered hard at Mimi. I didn't care for the way she'd blithely announced to Madison that she'd be taking my cock up her anus without consulting either of us.

"What if I refuse?" I said, still feeling high on the chivalry I'd shown when I'd thwarted Madison's gang rape earlier.

Mimi seemed surprised and a little amused. "Then I'll tell the school that you're fucking students and you'll be out of a job, Mr. Substitute."

Perhaps I should have told her that had already been shit-canned, but, I don't know, I just couldn't. Besides, I was still horny and willing to be blackmailed into more fucking. I let Madison jump to my rescue.

"No. It's OK, mistress. I'll do it," she said.

Mimi reached into her desk and pulled out a half empty tube of KY as she commanded Madison to kneel on the futon with her ass in the air. I got to watch while Mimi did a very thorough job of greasing up Madison's ass; slipping in a finger, then two, then stretching and pumping her vigorously before calling on me to step up to the girl's shiny, slick asshole.

Despite Mimi's prep-work, Madison's ass was tight. Holy shit, it was shoving my pecker down a straw; a soft, moist straw attached to a gasping, whining eighteen year old girl. But damn, it felt good as I worked myself in, inch by reluctant inch. Finally I was balls deep up inside her guts. I started working her steadily. 

As I picked up speed Madison's cries went from pathetic sobs, to tenuous groans, to enthusiastic moans as she got into it. Before long she was crying out in ecstasy at the discovery of a new kind of pleasure that was building rapidly as I punched my cock into ass in fast, brutal stabs. Mimi moved over to watch from up close as she reached under the girl to frig her clit. Soon Madison's tight young body was slithering through another orgasm as she twisted on my pumping cock. Finally she sagged into the futon's cushion as I approached my own zenith.

"Oh, oh, I'm gonna cum," I said.

"Wait, do it on our faces," ordered Mimi quickly.

I pulled my cock out of Madison and struggled to hold back my ejaculation as both women moved to the floor. As they got positioned beneath me with expectant, upturned faces, I let go and I felt the coiled power of my massive orgasm pulse through my body and cock in what was sure to be a potent flood of manhood. But, alas, having just got off less than an hour previously, what felt like thick streams of jizz in my cock popped out as mere isolated pearls that speckled Mimi and Madison's faces and hair as they waited with eyes closed and tongues out, expecting so much more than I could give them.

I thought we'd all sink into the futon for some post-cloital relaxation, but Mimi stood up immediately to adjust her skirt and thong before wiping her face with a tee-shirt she pulled off the shelves. She refolded the shirt and put it back into stock before excusing herself and walking out to check on her store. I dropped onto the futon next to Madison and threw an arm around her.

"Are you OK?" I asked.

"Yeah. Thanks."

"I noticed that you called Mimi 'mistress'. Do you... um..."

But as I spoke I noticed Madison's attention shift away. When I turned there was Mimi standing with Cindy Kwan, AKA Sin-Dee, queen of the Palmetto South High School goth clique. Cindy looked at my limp prick lying harmlessly in my lap and started giggling.

"Hi Mr. Yost," she said with a livid smirk.

I didn't answer except to leap up and pull my pants on so fast that I nearly got my dick caught in the zipper. Cindy and Mimi were laughing openly at me when I was finished.

"Cindy will drive you home, Substitute," said Mimi. "Maddie and I have matters we need to discuss."

And that was that. "This way Mr. Yost," said Cindy who motioned me to follow her out into the store. I cast a parting glance at Madison, but she looked away as Mimi stepped between us. Cindy made a "tch-tch" sound at me like she was calling a dog. I obediently followed her out of the back room into the store; shirtless, shoeless and dripping with fresh fuck sweat.

I didn't recognize the trio of skate punks checking out the boards, but they seemed to recognize me as they poked each other and stared with eyes that were too red-rimmed and bleary to register surprise. I turned away to avoid their gaze but I was immediately confronted with Mimi's daughter Ramona and Hafsa Abbasi lounging by the register. Ramona, as usual, was looking at nothing, but Hafsa's huge, impossibly dark eyes took an obvious survey of my glistening chest before flashing me an awkward smile.

That smile unsettled me. Hafsa was a nice kid; a tiny, math club brainiac who would be going to Georgia Tech next year on a full scholarship. Unfortunately, her conservative, old-world parents insisted she wear a hijab head scarf and the traditional Pakistani floor length frock so she was a constant target for the more assholish students at Palmetto South. They called her 'Osama Bitch Laden', among other blatantly racist slurs. Out of pity I'd always been extra nice to her, but in no way had I ever thought of her sexually. As far as I knew she still played with dolls and dreamt of ponies in the hours she didn't spend studying three dimensional calculus and conjugating Latin verbs. But the look she gave me... Oh God, there was lust in those dark, oversized eyes of hers.

"Good afternoon to you Mr. Yost," she said.

"Oh... um, hi Hafsa."

"Don't hold us up nerd, I gotta get the sub home," sneered Cindy; saying the word "sub" like it was short for subhuman. 

"We can take him home, Cin," offered Ramona.

Cindy laughed in disbelief. "What? You gonna drive him pink-eyes?"

"I can drive him," offered Hafsa.

"I thought Allah didn't want his bitches to drive."

Hafsa glowered in displeasure at Cindy, her dark eyebrows forming a cruel line across her brow. The skaters began to drift up from the back of the store to watch the brewing spat.

"Why you gotta be an asshole Cindy?" asked Ramona.

"Hey, you wanna go with little Miss Suicide Bomber here to take the sub home, be my fuckin' guest. I'll just stay here and make sure these dirtbag stoners don't shoplift your mom into the poorhouse."

"Would that be OK with you Mr. Yost?" asked Hafsa hopefully.

"Uh, yes... yes, of course," I said. It made me feel pretty fucking uncomfortable to have those girls fighting over me and the stoned skaters gathering around to observe. I didn't care who drove me home, I just wanted to get the hell out of there. If I had any other option that didn't involve walking in five miles in bare feet I would have told them all to forget it.

"Dude where's your shirt?" asked one of the skaters with a quiet chuckle.

"Shut up you wastrel!" snapped Hafsa. That's right; she actually used the word "wastrel".

"Careful dude, she's gonna jihad your ass," said another of the skaters. They all laughed.

While mumbling bitterly in Urdu, Hafsa grabbed her backpack and started towards the door. "My car is outside," she said curtly and left.

"Hey wait for me," whined Ramona as Cindy laughed.

I helped Ramona out through the front door into the late afternoon heat and looked around for Hafsa's car. I didn't know what she drove, but for some reason I just assumed it would be tiny and brown like her. But when she tooted her horn and I saw her perched in a silver Mercedes SUV, I just laughed.

"I can't believe this town," I said.

"What?" asked Ramona at my side.

"Nothing."

Hafsa drove me home as she growled her irritation at the scene in the store. She repeatedly asked Ramona why they she hung out with Cindy when Cindy was so consistently a total bitch.

"Well, she's more of my mom's friend than mine," Ramona explained.

"I hate going in there when she's around."

"Why were you in there, Hafsa?" I asked. "That place doesn't really seem your style."

"Oh. I was buying some Henna. Mrs. LaFarge stocks really good Henna." Hafsa held up her left hand which was decorated in intricate reddish brown designs. "I like painting on myself," she said with a cute, embarrassed shrug.

I turned forward and saw Tom Scofield's yellow Mustang pull out from a side street into the opposing lane of traffic. The front wheel I had punctured after foiling his attempted rape of Madison had been replaced with a small spare. I ducked down behind the dash so he wouldn't see me. I had no desire to get Hafsa mixed up with Tom and his crew.

"What are you doing?"

"My, um... my, foot itches."

Fifteen minutes later they dropped me off at my dingy rented mobile home outside of town in the inaccurately named "Beautiful South" trailer park. I thanked them both and stepped out of the car, back into the heat. I was watching them drive off when I heard my neighbor Ty call to me through the screen on his bathroom window.

"Heyyyy, Dan-iel," he said, cracking a big smile. From what little I knew about the guy he'd had one of the shittiest lives of anyone I'd ever met but still he always seemed to be in a good mood. As I walked over to his trailer he asked, "Wha's up, my man?"

"A weird day, Ty. A weird and shitty day."

"Don't look so shitty to me, two bitches in a silver Mercedes droppin' you off half naked. Looks like Dear Penthouse time to me."

I laughed. If only he knew. 

"Hey, Ty. I don't suppose you have any herb you can spare, huh?"

"No man, I'm out. I was thinking of driving into Tampa to visit my cousin J-Dawg. You want me to get you a little somethin'"

I thought about it. I was just hoping to mooch a joint, not buy a whole bag. Not that I wouldn't mind a whole bag of weed, but it was an expense I couldn't afford.

"Nah. I better not. I'm broke and I'm gonna be looking for a job."

"Oh that's rough. Maybe I'll stop by later; get you high."

"You're a superior human being Ty."

"Yeah that's from my education at Florida State," we both laughed. He was an alumnus of the penitentiary, not the university and his heavily tattooed neck, chest, arms and prison yard physique showed it. In truth, Ty was a scary looking dude. 

I wished him a safe trip and walked over to my sweatbox trailer. After opening all the windows and turning on all the fans I sat down on my creaky hand-me-down couch and just stared blankly at the wall for half an hour. Eventually I decided to watch some TV to smother the disorienting tangle of swirling panic and lingering euphoria roiling around my brain. 

And that's when I found out that the cable had been cut off. Not just the cable either; phone and internet too. I had one of those package deals. It had seemed really convenient when I signed up. And I guess it was in a way. Only one dude had to haul is ass out to my shitty trailer park to cut off all those utilities. Efficient!

Then it dawned on me to check my cell phone and discovered it was missing too. Was it on Madison's patio, in her car, in the back of Suburban Underbelly? I didn't know, nor could I call or even drive around to find it. I was effectively marooned.

In situations like this sometimes the only reasonable course of action is to just say "Fuck It" and live for the moment. I had twenty three dollars that needed to last until I got my final check from the school district on Monday, but I decided to blow it on a Subway sandwich and a few beers. Yes, a foot long sub and a twelve pack of Pabst Blue Ribbon was the full extent of my ability to live for the moment. It was a depressing thought.

I had to walk a hot mile to the strip mall with the Subway and the liquor store. On the way back I made a stop next to the canal to pound four beers in rapid succession in an attempt to improve my mood. It worked somewhat. As I arrived at the front steps of my trailer I was sweaty, buzzed and tired enough to not really give a fuck about my current situation. I didn't even notice the silver Mercedes SUV parked out by the road.

I was pushing my key into the lock when I heard a girl's voice with a lateral lisp that I instantly recognized. "We'd like to talk with you Mithter Y." 

I turned around and there was Palmetto South High School's preeminent brain, Sally Schultz; the senior class' valedictorian apparent. She was wearing baggy yellow shorts and a tee shirt with playful kittens silkscreened all over it. The persistent humidity had curled her honey-blond hair into an even greater mess than usual and forced her to keep reaching up to push her tortoiseshell glasses back onto the bridge of her slick, freckled nose.

At Sally's side was my old friend Hafsa holding up an eight millimeter video cassette. "We have some very interesting video of you and Maddie Mallard," she said quietly.

"And where would you girls get something like that?"

"Ramona LeFarge told me what you and her mother and Maddie were doing in the backroom at the store. I didn't believe her so she showed me this tape," said Hafsa as she absentmindedly chewed on her lower lip.

"Intercourth with a thtudent ith a very bad career move," added Sally. Her slushy lisp was an unfortunate attribute. Although she possessed a formidable intellect that had earned her admission to Harvard next semester, the students, faculty, administrators, cafeteria staff, janitors - everyone - all referred to her as Daffy Duck behind her back.

I almost laughed at them; two tiny, honor roll dorks obviously intending to blackmail me. They looked simultaneously smug and terrified as I stared down at them from the stoop of my trailer. They would've had me by the balls if I still had a job.

I opened my mouth to tell they were wasting their time but my curiosity got the better of me. What exactly did they intend to demand? "You guys aren't trying to blackmail me aren't you?" I asked with bemused faux shock.

"Perhapth," said Sally. 

"You know that's a felony don't you?" I observed.

"So is sex with a minor," said Hafsa.

"True, but Madison's not a minor. Her eighteenth birthday was last weekend," I said with breezy nonchalance as I leaned back against the door. "That new Porsche of hers was a birthday gift from her dad."

The two girls looked at each other with surprise that such a detail had escaped them. Sally shrugged and turned back towards me. "Thith would thtill be profethionally detrimental, Mithter Y," she said.

"OK," I sighed. "Come on in and blackmail me then."

I held the door open for them as they walked inside. Sally smiled victoriously at me as she passed by with a tight lipped grin that concealed her high dollar collection of orthodontia. Hafsa avoided eye contact as she ducked past.

My trailer was in poor shape to receive visitors; especially two naive female honor-students. I had not yet thrown away the previous night's beer cans, nor had I bothered to move the tell-tale hand lotion and box of tissues away from the computer keyboard. There were also unwashed dishes here and there and a general untidiness that not having a girlfriend seemed to engender in me. Plus, as I've mentioned, it was hot; really hot.

"So you ladies are crossing over to the dark side, eh?" I asked as I shoved what was left of my twelve pack into the fridge.

"Please don't make fun of us, we are very serious Mr. Yost," said Hafsa.

"OK, I'm listening," I said as I sat down in front of a fan and stared at them expectantly. "What are your demands?"

"Well," began Hafsa slowly. "We... um, we... want to... rather we want you..." she gulped uncomfortably like a fish left on a dock.

"We want you to take our virginity," interjected Sally.

"WHAT!?" I said. 

"We want you to have sex with us. It will be our first times," said Hafsa.

"Yeah Hafsa, I know what 'virginity' means; but surely there are boys your own age..."

"Boyth our age are immature children."

"Granted... but why the rush?" I asked.

"We don't want to go to college as virgins." 

"We don't want to be nerds when we're freshmen next year."

Fat chance, I thought. But instead I said, "Why don't you just lie then? That's what guys do. Besides, it hurts the first time. You know that right?"

"We are aware of our hymens Mr. Yost. But we've already... um..."

"We've already practithed penetrating ourthelvth with dildoth," said Sally, spraying me in a find mist of warm spit.

"Holy fucking shit."

"We understand that you're probably flaccid because you recently had sex, so we snuck into my father's pharmacy and stole some Cialis, some Viagra, a box of prophylactics and some lubricant," said Hafsa as she pulled the items from her large purse.

"Oh great."

"Go ahead and take them now. The pills take a little while to take effect," said Hafsa as she held out her right hand with one of each pill in her palm.

I had to hand it to the girls; they'd really done the homework on their smutty little shake down. It was sort of an honor if you think about it. However, here was the point where I should have told them to please leave my house. 

But I hesitated. I'd never had a virgin. Neither of them were exactly what you call hot, but they weren't bad looking either. I was kind of interested to see what Hafsa looked like under all those loose robes and her head scarf... 

Sally was holding up something for me to look at; their driver's licenses.

"Just want you to know we're both eighteen."

With a shrug, I reached down and picked up the Cialis pill.

Hafsa's eyes, already oversized for her tiny, sepia skinned face, grew enormous as she watched me pop it into my mouth and swallow it dry. She was nervous and for some reason I was finding her apprehension enchanting. Perhaps it was the four beers.

"Here, you can have all this stuff," she said as she put the pills, condoms and tube of lube on my coffee table and sat down to patiently await my hard on.

In case you were wondering, sitting with two virgins in a sweltering trailer waiting for your boner pill to kick in is a more than little awkward, so I excused myself. "Well, why don't you ladies get comfortable while I take a shower," I said as I got up and left them to fret over their imminent deflowering. I figured I should at least wash my dick since I'd had anal sex with Madison just a few hours ago.

I was nervous as hell as I took my shower. Should I really do this? Would I be able to? I didn't find either Sally or Hafsa very sexually enticing and besides, I'd already ejaculated twice that afternoon. And then there was the morality of boffing two eighteen year old virgins. It was their idea and I was only twenty two years old myself, but it still seemed sleazy as all hell. However, for whatever reason, like a climber climbing a mountain or a runner running a marathon, I forged ahead; pushed onward by nothing more than the desire to see if I could fuck four females in a single day. I mean, when else would I get a chance like this? So, there I stood: washing my dick until the drug started to kick in and it began to grow unnaturally firm. I was ready.

I wrapped a towel around my waist, but my pharmaceutically enhanced erection made a telltale vertical tent over my crotch. So, I decided to dispense with the misplaced modesty and threw the towel back over the shower rod. Steeling myself for the task at hand, I walked out of the bathroom and down the hall completely naked; the fat, bobbing head of my attentive manhood preceding me by seven and a half veiny inches.
