 Rayne and Tyson had been seeing each other for over three months now. They had decided that if they were to make any big changes in their relationship then they would talk to each other about it first. Well they'd had that conversation about four days ago, and now a very smart-looking Tyson was in the estate agent's office.

Tyson had decided that a suit would be too formal; so he wore a white shirt, blue tie and a smart leather jacket. He had shaved, and had tied his hair back. He still had his rugged looks, but the airs and graces he put on overshadowed them.

"So you're looking for an apartment Mr..." The assistant asked.

"Yes. Close to the subway if possible. I was wondering whether you had any on Crescent Avenue? And it's Mr Delucia, but please call me Tyson." He told the assistant.

"Well Mr... Tyson... We don't have anything on Crescent, although we do have one apartment available on St. Andrews Drive. It's two bedrooms, which will differ the price a little. Would it be just you moving in or...?" She asked, as she typed in details onto her computer.

"It would be me and my partner." Tyson replied.

"I see... Does she work?" The assistant asked.

"Yes, she works as a cleaner. She's been there a few months." Tyson replied, pulling at his tie a little.

"I see... And we have the documentation here for your work and salary... Well, you can arrange a time to see it, then when you've decided you can put a deposit down, or you can put a deposit down first. It's completely up to you." She explained to him. Tyson handed her three months worth of rent.

"I'll take it." He told her. Tyson stayed for a while, filling out forms and the like. The assistant told him the do's and don'ts. The usual thing, no music after 11pm, no parties, no knocking walls down. Tyson left the office and headed towards the subway. He saw Rayne waiting for him.

"Hey sweet thing." Tyson said, and he hugged her tightly.

"So what did they say?" Rayne asked him.

"We've got it. We can move our things in whenever we like." Tyson replied.

"Oh my God! That's brilliant!" Rayne exclaimed. Tyson put his arm around Rayne's waist and the headed back to Tiger's flat. Tyson had managed to get a job that suited them both perfectly. He was now a physical trainer in a local gym. Rich old ladies came in, and all he had to do was measure their heart rate, and tell them what they should and shouldn't eat. The pay was good and the hours were short, and Tyson's wage meant Rayne could cut down on her hours, giving them a lot more time together. They had sat down one night and worked out that their combined wages could pay for rent, bills, food, and leave a little left over for them to go out and have a good time. Things were looking up.

* * * * *

Tyson and Rayne had been in their apartment for over a week now. They had gone out and bought a steak for dinner. Rayne was busy cooking, while Tyson set the table. Rayne had dyed her hair jet black, and had bought a long, black evening dress for the occasion. Tyson wore black jeans and a white shirt. They had wanted to throw a house-warming party, but as their tenant's agreement stated no parties, they decided a simple meal would be best. The steak was almost cooked, and Tyson went into the kitchen to take the starters out of the oven.

Tyson walked past Rayne, and stroked his hand over her silk gown. She looked magnificent, Tyson thought. He wondered whether his guests would be able to keep their hands off Rayne. Tyson got the garlic mushrooms out of the oven as the doorbell rang. He left the starters on the side to cool, wiped his hands on the kitchen towel and went to answer the door.

Rayne placed the dessert in the refrigerator and went to greet their guests. She waited for Tyson to bring them into the dining room. Tyson brought Tiger and Jinx into the dining room. Rayne kissed Tiger's cheek, and then Jinx's. She greeted them warmly, but made her excuses, as she had to see to the meal. Tyson took their coats and sat them both down, then left them to chat over a bottle of wine, and then he went into the kitchen with Rayne.

"What's up babe?" Tyson asked her.

"Tyson I don't know about this... I mean, they're practically family to me now, and that thing you two said about your girls..." Rayne tried to explain.

"Sweet thing listen to me. It's ok. If they're being offered it on a plate, they won't refuse it. Besides, it's just this once, and then we'll go find some friends of our own to play with. Think of it as a final acceptance into the family." Tyson told her, and he kissed her forehead. Rayne nodded in agreement, although she was still unsure about this whole situation. She checked the plate with the starters on it; it was cold, so she took it through. She sat across from Tyson at the small dining table they had bought.

The conversation was as you'd expect. They talked about the apartment, Tyson's new job and things like that. When they had all finished their starters, Rayne went into the kitchen to serve the main course. Tiger followed her in.

"Tell you what, I'll rinse these plates while you serve up." Tiger suggested, pointing towards the starter plates.

"Tiger you don't have to do that. I'll wash them up later." Rayne told him.

"But I like to make myself useful." Tiger said, as he turned on the tap and began to wash the plates. Rayne served their steaks, and just as she was getting the sauces out of the cupboard, Tiger took her hand. He took the sauces off of Rayne and took them through to the dining room. He came back into the kitchen to take two of the plates in, and as he did so, Rayne felt him brush past her ass. Rayne felt very uneasy as she came back into the dining room. Jinx was smiling and joking with Tyson, and she could tell Jinx was terrifically arousing Tyson.

Rayne placed the meals in front of Jinx, and on Tiger's plate. Tiger handed Tyson his meal, and as he was putting a plate down in Rayne's place, his arm gently rubbed against her cleavage. Rayne let out a gasp, and quickly turned to look at Tyson and Jinx. Thankfully neither of them had heard her. Rayne and Tiger sat down, and there was silence as the four of them heartily tucked into their meals.

Just as they were all finishing eating, Rayne felt a hand stroking her leg. She looked up at Tyson who was chatting away to Jinx. She then looked at Tiger, who was smiling at her in a very seductive manner. She looked over at Jinx. She had her head held back, and her eyes were half closed. Rayne knew what Tyson was doing underneath the table. Rayne was becoming very uneasy, and as Tiger's hand started to move up towards her inner-thigh, Rayne stood up.

"Dessert anyone?" Rayne asked, hoping this would distract Tiger long enough for her to make her excuses and go upstairs.

"Sweet thing, I'm not being rude, but I don't think anyone's interested in your dessert." Tyson told her. Jinx giggled, and Tiger was staring at the curve of Rayne's breasts through her gown. "Come here baby." Rayne did as she was told and she went to go and sit on Tyson's lap. Tyson lifted her gown a little. He had found the panties she was going to wear in a drawer, and presumed she wasn't wearing any. He was right.

Tyson slipped his hands around Rayne's waist and pulled her towards him, so that she was facing Tiger. Rayne went to sit down, but felt something strange as she did so... Tyson had been masturbating. His cock was free and erect. As Rayne sat down, it easily slipped inside her, as she was wet from Tiger's groping, and Tyson was leaking pre-cum.

Rayne could not take her eyes off of Tiger as Tyson began to fuck her. Jinx's hand had slipped down to her pussy, and she was lightly rubbing it. Rayne presumed Tiger was also rubbing himself, as every so often his eyes would roll. Rayne felt disgusted with herself for letting Tyson fuck her while Tiger and Jinx watched, but the thrill was just as great as her disgust. Rayne bobbed up and down on Tyson's cock, meeting him at every thrust, and letting her arse slap against his thighs. Rayne started to moan. She wanted to come, but she didn't know if she could while Jinx and Tiger eyed her. Tyson started to fuck her harder, sending shockwaves through her body. Tyson thrust even harder. He wanted to make Rayne cum in front of Tiger and Jinx.

Tyson felt Rayne shudder above him. She called out his name, and Tyson felt her come all over his cock. Rayne heard voices. She could not tell who was talking or what they were saying in her distracted state. She felt herself being moved. When she finally came to her senses, she realised she had been bent over the table, and that there was a cock inside her, fucking her hard. Rayne looked around and saw Jinx bent over next to her. Jinx had her eyes closed and was moaning. Rayne looked behind her. Tiger was fucking her! She looked behind to the right to see Tyson pounding Jinx's ass.

Rayne wanted to tell them to stop it, but the feeling of having Tiger's cock inside her after all this time muted her. She wanted to enjoy the sensation. Rayne leaned over to kiss Jinx. She was wearing fruit-flavoured lip-gloss, and her lips tasted sweet. Rayne could hear Tyson groaning. She didn't want him to cum yet. Tiger continued to pound Rayne's pussy hard. He'd pull his cock out slowly, relishing the feeling of Rayne's pussy, then he'd thrust it back in. Jinx started to scream. Tyson fucked her arse as hard as he could, causing her ribs to be pushed right up against the edge of the table.

Rayne watched Jinx as she shuddered and came. She lay exhausted on the table. Tiger pulled his cock out of Rayne's pussy and Tyson pulled his out of Jinx's ass. Tyson spread Jinx's legs, and Rayne stood up straight, on rather wobbly legs. She went over to Jinx and knelt down. Rayne began to lap up Jinx's juices whilst Tyson and Tiger watched and masturbated. Rayne put her hands on Jinx's ass cheeks, and she spread them to reveal Jinx's now stretched rim. Rayne buried her face deep between Jinx's cheeks, and began darting her tongue in and out of Jinx's soaking pussy. Rayne felt a hand on her back. Either Tyson or Tiger was unzipping her dress. Rayne nibbled at Jinx's clit, making her squeal and moan. Rayne felt her dress come free, and her large breasts were now exposed to Tyson and Tiger's stares.

"That's enough for you. Come here. I want to fuck your ass." Tyson said. Rayne stood up, letting the gown fall from her body. She stepped out of it, and stood in front of the two men naked, and hungry for more cock. Tyson took Rayne's hand and guided her into the next room. Tyson bent Rayne over the new, cream sofa and wet the end of his cock in her juices. Rayne heard Tiger and Jinx come in. Rayne looked behind her to see Jinx unbuttoning Tyson's shirt. Jinx removed his shirt, and then pulled Tyson's jeans down to his ankles.

Tyson fumbled to keep rubbing his cock in Rayne's pussy and step out of his jeans, but he finally managed it. Jinx and Tiger were slowly undressing each other, revelling in the sight of Rayne about to be butt-fucked right in front of them. Tyson rubbed his cock on Rayne's ass, wetting her rim with her own juices. Tyson thrust his cock into Rayne's ass, stopping when his balls were pressed right up against her ass cheeks. Tyson let Rayne's ass stretch to his width, and then started slowly thrusting inside her.

Rayne watched Jinx get to her knees in front of Tiger. Jinx started sucking on his cock. Rayne watched her head move backwards and forwards. Jinx started taking Tiger's cock further and further into her mouth. Rayne gasped as Tyson began to fuck her ass harder. Her pussy was dripping from watching Jinx suck Tiger. Rayne watched Tiger thrust his cock deep into Jinx's throat, and made a slapping sound with his balls as the whipped against her chin.

Tyson started to moan again, and Rayne felt his cock twitch and pulse in her ass. Rayne let out a feminine purr as Tyson exploded in her ass. Rayne revelled in the feeling of Tyson's hot spunk leaking out of her ass. Tiger pulled his cock out of Jinx's mouth and walked over to Tyson and Rayne. Tyson pulled his cock out of Rayne's ass and walked over to Jinx. Tyson pushed his cock into Jinx's mouth, and she started to suck the last droplets of cum off of his cock. Tiger positioned himself behind Rayne and thrust his cock hard into her pussy.

Tiger began to thrust hard inside Rayne, pushing her forward over the arm of the sofa. Her breasts swung back and forth, and lightly tapped against the padded armrest. Rayne started to moan. Tiger was really thrusting hard inside Rayne, making her cringe as he thrust. She was enjoying it, but watching Jinx slurp on Tyson's cock was making her jealous. It was arousing her yes, but she couldn't help wishing Jinx wasn't here, even though Rayne loved lapping at Jinx's sweet pussy.

"Hey, be gentle with her. She's got to be back in full working order by tomorrow night." Tyson joked. Jinx giggled, and nibbled at Tyson's cock a little. She pressed her petite breasts against Tyson's thighs. Tiger slowed his thrusts down, and Rayne squealed and moaned. Tiger let out a manly grunt, and ejaculated inside Rayne. He pulled his cock out of her and walked over to Jinx. Tiger took Jinx's hand and she crawled over to Rayne. Tiger pushed Jinx's head between Rayne's ass cheeks, and watched her intently as she began to lick Tiger's cum out of Rayne's pussy, and lick up Tyson's cum that had dribbled out of Rayne's ass.

When Jinx had finished cleaning up Rayne's pussy and ass, Tiger pulled her up to her feet and kissed her passionately, tasting their mixed juices in her mouth. Rayne pulled herself up over the arm of the sofa and lay exhausted on it's cushions. Tyson went and lay next to her, and Tiger and Jinx went back into the dining room to get dressed. Tyson showed them to the door as Rayne dozed off.

"No more of this Tyson. We had an arrangement." Tiger warned him.

"Don't worry. It was purely for Rayne's benefit. I wanted her to have as much fun as possible before we settle down." Tyson explained.

"Boys, boys! There's no need for this. All four of us know the score. If this was the last time then so be it. Tiger and I have our own playmates, and you and Rayne will get your own." Jinx told Tyson. Tyson watched them leave, and he went and sat next to Rayne, stroking her black hair. He wondered whether this had been a good idea, but looking down at the satisfied expression on Rayne's exhausted face, he felt comforted, and he knew Rayne had enjoyed herself; that was all he needed to know.