 Rayne left Tiger’s apartment in a daze. Tyson walked her to her door. He kissed her, and promised he’d see her again soon. Rayne wondered whether he was as honest as he seemed, or just an opportunist who had had his fill of her.

Rayne spent the next few days working her schedule to make sure she was at the subway at the same time, and in the same place, as when she had met Tyson. Nothing. Not a sight, or a sound. No one had seen him, and most people didn’t even remember him being there in the first place. Although Rayne wanted to believe that Tyson was going to come back, and teach her all that he knew about sex, Rayne’s hope was fleeting. After two weeks of waiting, she deduced that he was just another creep who was out for a good time.

Rayne started her cleaning job the following week. She was getting by, paying half her rent and half the bills, although for the money she was making, she had to work long hours, and had almost no time for herself. The first Thursday she started her job, she finished early. Rayne went to get changed in the staff toilets, and then went over to the balcony overlooking the platform. She liked it here. It was her place to stop and think about things. As Rayne stood there, she felt a hand gently stroke over her ass.

“Tyson?” Rayne asked.

“Sorry sweet thing, no deal.” The woman’s voice said. Rayne turned to see a red, wavy haired woman smiling at her. She was tall, slim, and fairly pretty. She wore knee-high leather boots, a leather skirt, waistcoat and jacket over that. The blackness of her leather outfit brought out the colour of her hair, and her emerald-green eyes.

“Sweet thing… Tyson sent you.” Rayne said.

“That he did. He’s rather unforgettable, isn’t he?” The woman asked.

“Yeah… I’m Rayne.” She replied.

“I know. I’m Jinx.” She told Rayne.

“So where is he?” Rayne asked her. Jinx didn’t respond. She simply took Rayne’s hand as Tyson had, and took her up to the exit of the subway. It was late now, and dark. Jinx led Rayne presumably down the same streets that Tyson had taken her three weeks ago. Rayne didn’t recognise anything in the gloomy darkness. The battered, old buildings looked almost elegant with their flaws hidden in blackness.

Jinx took Rayne to a place she did recognise. The green front door that Tyson had opened, and invited her into his world. Now Jinx was doing the same. She unlocked the door and took Rayne up those familiar stairs, and up to the door with the scrawled number six on it. Jinx opened the door and Rayne stepped inside. The numerous candles were lit around the room. The bathroom door was closed, and the bedroom door was ajar. Rayne could neither see, nor hear Tyson.

“So where is he?” Rayne asked.

“He’s through there. I think he’s asleep.” Jinx replied, pointing towards the bedroom door.

“So how do you know him?” Rayne asked, suddenly curious, perhaps even slightly jealous of their relationship.

“You know Tiger, right?” Rayne nodded. Jinx looked at her. She could tell Rayne was jealous, and rightly so. Tyson was one hell of a guy. “I’m Tiger’s wife.”

“But… I don’t understand.” Rayne exclaimed, curious as to this entire family relationship.

“What’s not to understand? Two brothers and one brother’s wife.” Jinx explained.

“Yeah, I get that… But I… With Tyson and Tiger…” Rayne said, unsure of how to word her confession.

“You fucked them. I know. Big deal. Listen, we have an understanding. Tyson can fuck anyone he likes, except me. Him and Tiger share women, and sometimes I bring a girl in for them, but he can’t fuck me. Hell, if Tyson likes you as much as I think he does, it won’t be long before Tiger isn’t allowed to fuck you anymore. Make the most of it sugar.” Jinx told her, in a rather matter-of-fact kind of way.

Finally Rayne understood. They were all over-sexed, and their only boundaries were the women they cared for. After all, if you stood and watched your brother fuck your wife, could you really leave them alone together, Rayne thought? It simply stops jealousy. Strangers off the street were fine, but not family. Rayne gasped out loud as her thoughts cleared in her head. So was she just another person off the street, or did Tyson genuinely ‘like her’, as Jinx had said?

Rayne didn’t want to talk anymore. She was aching at the recollections of having Tyson and Tiger inside her at the same time. She wanted to fuck Tyson so bad she could have made him cum in seconds. But Rayne didn’t want that. She wanted to savour what Tyson was offering her – Jinx. If Tyson wasn’t allowed to have her, then there was only one other person who could have her. Rayne smirked and stepped into the bedroom.

Rayne sat on the corner of the bed as Jinx leaned against the doorframe. Tyson stirred when he felt someone sat with him. Tyson had woken with an erection, and as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes, he felt his cock stir. Three weeks he had gone without. He didn’t know why, but he wanted Rayne, and only Rayne. He had hoped she’d have found her way back to the flat to find him, but he had waited, and she had not come. Tyson’s cock twitched again and he sat up in bed.

“Rayne!” Tyson exclaimed, “What are you doing here?”

Before Rayne could answer, Jinx piped up, “Well you were too stubborn to go find her, and there’s her thinking you’d be the gentleman and come and get her, so I had to do something.” Tyson smiled and leaned forwards towards Rayne. He kissed her sweet lips softly. Tyson’s cock throbbed, and he knew Rayne would be aching, and as much as he wanted to pull her down and make passionate love to her, he knew Jinx wanted her reward.

Rayne pulled her shoes off and unzipped the black, skin-tight jeans she was wearing. She pulled them down to reveal red, silk panties. She heard Jinx unzip her boots, and then two thuds as she tossed them on the floor. Rayne lifted her black sweater over her head and made sure Tyson got an ample view of her generous cleavage. Rayne turned to look at Jinx. She had removed her jacket and was tossing her waistcoat to the floor. As Jinx stood up, Rayne’s clit throbbed as she saw her petite breasts, with dark nipples. Rayne felt Tyson’s hands on her waist, and then they moved round to her back, as he undid the clasp of her bra, and exposed her perfect, large breasts with their erect pink nipples.

Rayne kissed Tyson’s forehead and stepped off the bed. She stepped over towards Jinx, and placed her hands on Jinx’s waist. Rayne tilted her head forward, and softly kissed Jinx. Tyson lay back down on the bed and started masturbating as he watched the show. Rayne slid her hands under the waistband of Jinx’s skirt, and slowly pulled it down her legs. Rayne took a moment as she bent down to admire Jinx’s pussy, with it’s red curls, and also to let Tyson get a good view of her own pussy and ass. Next, Jinx returned the favour. She pulled Rayne’s panties down, and dropped to her knees. Rayne stroked Jinx’s hair, and parted her legs invitingly.

From this angle, Tyson could see Jinx pull her tongue out, and watched her slowly glide it along Rayne’s aching pussy. Rayne gasped, and Tyson watched Jinx part Rayne’s lips with her finger. Rayne lifted her left leg up, and rested it on an unused stereo that was lying idly on the floor. Rayne knew Tyson would be able to see everything as she stood at this angle. Jinx began to lick between Rayne’s pussy lips, and when she got to Rayne’s clit, she flicked her tongue lightly over it. Jinx repeated this several times, until she felt Rayne shudder above her. Rayne was close to an orgasm, and Jinx wanted her to make sure Tyson got a good view of it. Jinx placed two of her fingers into her mouth, and then slid them inside Rayne’s pussy. Rayne moaned, and slowly began to hump Jinx’s fingers in a desperate attempt to relieve her pending climax. Jinx started to finger Rayne faster, and she locked her lips around Rayne’s clit and sucked on it. Rayne called out, and Tyson desperately wanted to relieve her frustrations with his waiting erection, but he would let Jinx have her fun first.

Jinx began to lap at Rayne’s clit like a puppy, as Rayne fucked herself with Jinx’s two fingers. Jinx flicked, licked and sucked at Rayne’s clit. Rayne held her head back and closed her eyes. She called out loudly, and Jinx felt Rayne climax on her fingers. Tyson could hold himself back no longer. He got up off the bed and grabbed Rayne by the waist. He almost threw her on the bed, and pulled her up so she was on all fours. Tyson roughly pushed three fingers inside Rayne and she called out in pleasure. Jinx came over onto the bed and lay down. She slowly wriggled her way underneath Rayne, and pulled Tyson’s fingers out of Rayne as she began thrusting her tongue in and out of Rayne’s leaking pussy. Tyson pushed two of his soaking fingers into Rayne’s ass, and he pulled her hair so her head was pulled backwards towards him.

“You’re turn, sweet thing.” Tyson commanded her. He let go of Rayne’s hair and she dropped her head to have her first taste of a woman. Jinx was wet, and Rayne flicked her tongue over Jinx’s clit. Jinx called out, and began to thrust her tongue faster in and out of Rayne’s pussy. Rayne started to lick Jinx and let her tongue tease the inside of Jinx’s pussy. Tyson took his fingers out of Rayne’s ass, and pushed his cock down over Jinx’s face. Jinx alternated between licking Rayne’s pussy and slipping Tyson’s cock in her mouth. When Tyson was wet enough, he pulled his cock from Jinx’s mouth and pushed his cock-head against Rayne’s ring. On the second attempt, he entered her, and pushed the length of his cock deep inside Rayne’s ass. As Tyson began to thrust in and out of her, Rayne pushed her tongue deep inside Jinx’s pussy. Jinx shuddered underneath Rayne, and Rayne’s tongue suddenly tasted a strong, feminine taste. Then Rayne realised that Jinx had come on her tongue.

Tyson began to moan as Jinx gasped and tried desperately to keep her rhythm of tonguing Rayne. Rayne was pushing back against Tyson’s cock, and she felt his balls slap against her pussy, just underneath where Jinx was licking her. Rayne breathing was becoming heavy and her breasts heaved as she was becoming more exhausted. Tyson grasped Rayne’s swinging breasts and groped them as his cock twitched, and thrust harder and deeper into Rayne’s ass. Jinx had finally managed to get her rhythm back, and was flicking Rayne’s clit with her tongue in quick, darting movements. Rayne shuddered; she needed to come. Suddenly Tyson groaned and Rayne felt his warm seed spill deep inside her ass. Rayne felt her ass heat up with his hot spunk, and it suddenly became too much for her. Rayne’s body shook violently, and she started to scream as she climaxed, and her juices ran down her pussy and onto Jinx’s face and in her mouth.

Tyson pulled out of Rayne and he lay exhausted on the bed. Rayne gently got up off of Jinx went and lay next to Tyson. Jinx got up off the bed and went into the bathroom. She cleaned herself up, and dressed in a short, sky-blue summer dress and sandals. She went back into the bedroom to see if Rayne and Tyson wanted to come to the club where Tiger was waiting for her. However, when she stepped over to ask them, she noticed they were both cuddled close together, and were in a very deep sleep. Jinx smiled and whispered, “Take care of her Tyson. You’ll never have anyone like her again.” Jinx then turned and left the room. Tyson opened his eyes and smirked, then pulled Rayne closer to him.