 I ran into Ken one day at the beach. It had been about 13 years since I last saw him, and we exchanged pleasantries and small talk. He advised me that his life had quietened down, quite a bit, although he still had an old "friend" that he saw occasionally.

His "friend" was a contact from his old swinging days, although his wife didn't know exactly what they were getting up to -- or maybe she suspected and didn't care?

Ken asked about my life, and I told him I'd been married for 12 years and had 2 boys.

Ken said he had seen my wife and I shopping a couple of times.

"Your wife is really hot Mike -- if you don't mind me saying?" he said.

"Well, it's true -- and I'll tell her you said that -- just kidding." I replied.

Ken went into a bit of a graphic description of my wife's good points, her ass, her tits, and her face, but I wasn't offended. He was just saying what most guys think, and I like being the object of their envy.

As we wrapped it up, he did shock me a bit by asking if I'd like to hook up with him again?

I told him that I couldn't even consider it. It would be hard to justify cheating on my wife, who is so loyal, trustworthy and faithful. Not to mention that she "does me" whenever and however I like.

Ken pondered this for a minute, and said "Maybe she'd like to join us?"

I just laughed at this and said "Oh no way. I know my wife and she just isn't into anything like that. Amazingly enough, she's satisfied with this." and I motioned my hands up and down my body.

Ken laughed but said "Well you do have a nice cock -- does she know about your past?"

"Yeah, I told her one night -- in graphic detail."

"Oh boy, how did she react to that?"

"Well, at first she was shocked, but later she was wetter than I've ever seen her in 12 years." I felt a big guilty telling Ken these intimate details, but I know he can keep a secret, and It felt good to tell somebody.

"Hmmm, what do you think that meant?" he asked.

"I asked her what it meant, but she was non-committal."

"Do you think maybe she'd like to watch you suck my cock?"

"I asked her that, but she said a definite NO -- but I have to wonder exactly what made her so wet?"

"Maybe you should talk to her again." he said.

"Oh, it's a subject I don't want to push her on -- but I'd like to know how to get her that aroused all the time -- or at least some of the time."

"Mike, would you meet me again if you weren't married?"

"Oh, if I wasn't married -- I don't know - yeah, maybe - why not?"

I then suggested that he send me some cock pics to my mobile phone, with a short dirty message that maybe I'd show the wife someday to see what reaction she'd have.

That day came unexpectedly that weekend. I had gone with the boys for a swim at the beach, and when I came back my wife beckoned me into the bedroom.

She had intercepted the text and was furious. There was practically steam coming out of her ears.

Ken had sent 2 cock pics with the message "Hey Mike great to see you again and remember some fun times. Do you want to hook up again for some cock sucking?" 

Vanessa was accusing me of being gay and cheating on her, but I quickly told her that I had just run into Ken at the beach in a chance meeting, and I hadn't seen him for about 13 years. There was nothing going on. I had asked him to send me some pics so I could show her one day and see what reaction she would have.

She seemed to believe me, eventually, but was still giving me the cold shoulder even when we went to bed about 5 hours later.

I tried to cuddle up to her back and spoon her, pushing my boner against her ass, but was met with an elbow to the ribs -- ouch.

But I kept trying. Eventually she started to relax, and we started kissing.

It wasn't "good night" kissing, but sensual kissing, and my hands started roaming around her curves. Her ass, her tits and the round mound of her pussy.

I was still a bit apprehensive and expected her to stop me, but I felt her wet arousal through her panties, which I removed.

She opened her legs to allow access to her, and I discovered she was wet. Really REALLY wet!!

Now she was grabbing at my cock and said, "You're so hard babe."

"Why are you so wet babe?" I countered. "What's got you so horny?"

"I don't know -- I just am -- enjoy it"

She climbed on top of me and inserted my cock into her dripping wet pussy.

I like her on top as it leaves my hands free to feel her ass, and tits. I like her tits hanging in my face. I like to lick her nipples, and suck her tits deep into my mouth.

We were fucking in earnest now, kissing and grinding our hips together.

She whispered in my ear. "Tell me the truth, have you been seeing Ken?"

The truth was of course no, but I'm wondering if the thought of me and Ken sucking each other has made her horny? So, I answer "If I had, what would it matter?"

"I just want to know -- have you or not?"

"No, not for 13 years or so."

"Did you suck his cock till he came in your mouth. Did you swallow his cum. How many times did you do it?" 

"Oh babe, I don't like talking about this -- it's in the past."

"I'm curious -- answer me."

"OK yes, I sucked him until he came in my mouth, and I really enjoyed it. I came in his mouth too. I think we met about 10 times over a couple of months."

"Are you going to meet him again?"

"What? No! I'm married to you."

She was riding me slow and deep. She slid down my body and put my swollen member in her mouth, and sucked me deep and firm -- running her tongue around my cock head and sucking noisily.

She came back up, and re-inserted my cock inside her.

She whispered in my ear again, "Babe get the dildo, and your phone."

I got the 8" realistic dildo, and my phone.

I lay down next to her as she went to my messages and brought up Ken's text.

She opened the photos of Ken's cock, and flipped between them.

"Ken's got a nice cock, hasn't he?" she asked.

"Yeah, It's the biggest cock I've sucked." I said and then added "And he cums - a lot."

"Oh, by the way -- Ken reckons you're really hot."

"Oh really. What did he say?"

"Well, he said you're pretty, you've got a great ass, and fantastic tits."

"Anything else?"

"He was wondering if you'd be up for a threesome -- but don't worry, I told him no"

Vanessa looked thoughtful for a moment.

"Do you want to suck Ken's cock again -- tell me the truth?" she asked.

"Do you want to watch me suck Ken's cock?" I replied.

"I think maybe I do - and you know what?"

"What?" I said.

"I think I'd like to suck his cock too. Are you OK with that? His cock pics really turned me on. Do you want to see me suck his cock? Do you want to watch him fuck me with it and cum in me?"

"Is this some kind of trick?" I'm thinking. But I know talking like this is making her horny as fuck. So I answer "I want to watch you suck him, and I want you to fuck him. I want to lick you while he's fucking you, and suck his cum out of your pussy."

"Keep talking dirty babe, it's making me wet."

"I want to be under you in a 69, while Ken doggies you. I want to watch his cock slide in and out of you. I want to lick you and suck on his balls, and have him put his put his pussy juice covered cock in my mouth."

"I want to take turns with Ken fucking your pussy and your mouth. We're going to fuck you so hard babe, you're going to cum 10 times."

I told her "Close your eyes babe, and spread your legs."

I went down on Vanessa, and started licking her dripping wet pussy.

I grabbed the dildo and started slowly inserting it in her vagina, as I licked around it and up to her clit. She takes an intake of breath in a gasp, and I slid the full length in and out up to its balls as I lick her.

I imagine it's Ken's cock fucking her, and I'm going to make them both cum as he's inside her.

Vanessa is in heaven, and I keep dildo fucking her, and I move and kneel by her head.

She turns her head sideways and offers her open mouth to be fucked, and I gladly comply. She has 8" in her pussy and 7" in her mouth, and she's enjoying it, but I remove the dildo and replace it with my cock, and start kissing her.

"I like having my mouth and pussy full of cock." she says.

She grabs the pussy juice covered dildo and puts it in her mouth, and grabs my neck and draws it closer and we kiss and suck around it. It's wet with our combined saliva, and feels close to the real thing as we kiss each other and lick and suck it together.

She fucks my mouth with the dildo, and I moan around it as I get close to cumming.

She senses I'm close and starts humping against me, grinding her clit on me, so she can join me. We cum in a tangle of limbs and flesh, as our convulsions wash over us, our mouths sharing our tongues and the dildo.

We collapse side by side in the afterglow, and I think I've heard the last of Ken, but she says "If we do this I need to be in charge. I need an assurance that this stays between us, and that I can stop at any time if it doesn't feel right."

I assure her, and add, "Hey babe, you don't have to do this for me. Only do it if you want to. I'm not forcing you, it's totally your choice. Truthfully, I'm not even sure we should go there. Fantasy is one thing, but the cold hard light of day is different."

She asks for my phone and texts Ken.

"Hi Ken, it's Vanessa, Mike's wife. I'd like to meet you. Come to our house for a chat at 9:30am tomorrow." 

"OK" I say. "Let's just have a chat and see if we want to go any further"

I'm already having second thoughts about this...