 Monday came again. That meant that I would once more get the chance to reward my most productive employees, but on that day of the week I also wore naughty or even outright bimbo-ish outfits to give the others additional motivation. What I picked this time by some could be called slutty, not that it would bother me; I was a self-made successful businesswoman.

I wore a white blouse with long sleeves, but also a deep cleavage; it was slightly see through, so the lack of a bra and my pointy nipples were obvious. I had a tight grey skirt which stylistically resembled professional items, but was way too short to be considered as such since it ended only a few centimetres beneath my buttocks, it had a bright red belt that contrasted with the other toned colours. On my legs I wore white fishnet pantyhose with a tiny net, they were crotchless, but I had a thong on top of them, its colour matched the belt. The outfit was completed by a pair of red patent open-toe shoes on thirteen centimetre heels. My make-up was natural apart from my lips, their colour matched the belt, heels and panties.

This particular Monday was supposed to begin differently, I had planned a meeting with directors (and owners) of a company with whom I had been negotiating a deal; this would most likely be the last meeting, either ending with signing of the contract or not. My outfit was not the most appropriate for business negotiations, but I was known for my eccentric style. There had also been rumours of sexual harassment in that company, but no lawsuits followed the tales.

I arrived at the place three minutes before time and was greeted by a secretary whose outfit gave the rumours some credibility - her skirt was as short as mine, the heels as tall, the cleavage as deep, though her breasts were significantly larger. The girl looked like the archetypical blonde bimbo secretary from porn movies, but had a genuine smile on her face and friendly demeanor.

"Good morning, Missus Swallows. Mr Enys awaits you in his office."

"Good morning, Sammi" the secretary was my namesake, but always used the diminutive form of the name "is Mr Alls present too?"

"No. He called and apologized for being late. He said he should make it in twenty minutes."

"Thank you, Sammi."

The secretary announced me into the office where one of the owners, Peter Enys, was sitting by his desk. He stood up to greet me, but before he did so he managed to check my nylon covered legs.

"Good morning, Samantha. I'm happy to see you. Barry will be here shortly, he has some problems with his car."

"Hello, Peter. We can start without him."

We shook hands and went to sit by a low table. I sat on an armchair with my body slightly turned and crossed my legs. Peter sat on a small couch on the other side of the table and had a perfect view of the entire length of my fishnet covered legs. He did not miss the opportunity to admire the view, I pretended not to notice his gaze. We discussed the deal for several minutes during which I changed my pose few times. I would uncross my legs, turn my body to the other side and cross them again or lean forward to give Peter a better view of my cleavage. He did not miss any of the opportunities and was quite shameless about it.

From the strictly business point of view I was in a tricky spot. The contract I wanted to obtain was truly lucrative and would make my own company prosper. I could most likely survive without it, but that could seriously hamper the growth. Mr Enys and his partner were aware of that and obviously wanted to maximize their profit. My offer might have been the most attractive on the market, but only by a small margin since the competitors were not far behind.

"I like this deal, Samantha, I really do, but I still feel there's something missing and we could do better."

"I don't like to admit it, Peter, but I'm sure that you realize that you almost have me on my knees. I'm not desperate, but I'm willing to go the extra mile to make this deal."

After these words I slowly uncrossed my legs again and crossed them the other way.

"I'm usually not the one to bend easily, but I'm very flexible" I added.

"But aren't you trying to bite more than you can swallow?"

"Don't worry, my throat is deep enough."

"I might call you on that later, but for now there's one thing that I believe you could add to the deal that would make your position better."

"Tell me, although I feel as if you've already taken the shirt off my back."

"It's not the shirt I want, but SKIRT."

"I believe it might be within my negotiation limits" I replied in a seductive voice.

I stood up, stepped aside from the chair, undid the belt of the skirt, turned around and slowly pushed the item down my legs; I continued to bend at my waist until my hands with the skirt reached my ankles. I then straightened up, stepped out of the skirt and bent at my waist again to pick it up; Peter was watching me in silence the entire time. When I handed him the piece of clothing he said:

"I've heard that when the colour of woman's panties matches her shoes it has a special meaning."

"What meaning would that be?" my voice was an exaggerated innocence.

"It means that she'll do ANYTHING to get the deal signed."

"She can do a lot without a doubt..."

"She can start by getting on her knees..."

Slowly, with feigned hesitancy I obeyed and knelt in front of Peter; once on my knees I realized that the carpet was thick and soft, which most likely was not a coincidence. The acting phase was clearly over, so now came the time for decisive action. I got closer to Peter and opened the zipper of his trousers. I took his penis out of the underwear and noticed with satisfaction that it was already semi erect, the man reacted well to my teasing. The penis was of average girth but uncommonly long, just the right size for my deep throat. The moment I took its head into my mouth the door to the office opened and Barry Alls walked in.

"Oh! Sorry I'm late. I see that you managed to come to a conclusion without my involvement."

"We're on our way to finalizing it, but your input could still prove valuable."

"I see where my arguments could fit best.

I had had enough of those lame lines and my mouth was already preoccupied with the cock as I was licking and sucking its head. Barry came closed and enjoyed the view of my firm booty for a short while; as he did so I took the penis into my mouth. The man slapped my buttock, not exactly playfully, then groped my booty possessively with both hands. He pushed my panties aside and began to finger my clit, the other hand kept roaming between my buttock and my thigh. As Barry played with my body I focused on the fellatio, I took the cock into my mouth, licked the head for a short while, then took it whole deeper and began to suck it. My main goal was not to bring Peter the most pleasure, but to make his penis as wet and slippery as possibly. After I 'traded' away my skirt it was obvious that the blowjob was just an appetizer.

Barry continued to finger my clitoris, he also intermixed groping with slapping. But foreplay soon came to an end, before I managed to brag about my deepthroating skills Peter decided not to call me on my words and change the position.

"Okay, Barry, let's swap places. You'll love to get this mouth on your cock and I'm ready for her pussy."

I remained on all fours while the two men assumed their positions, they obviously had to high five as they passed each other. Peter did not waste any time, before I managed to get Barry's penis out of his pants, the other man knelt down behind me, checked with his fingers if my pussy was wet enough and then swiftly pushed his long cock inside. I issued a loud moan and Peter spanked my buttock, he chose the other one than Barry. 

I continued to moan until I finally took Barry's penis into my mouth. It was already semi erect and I could see that while moderately long it was incredibly thick. This time there was no need for haste, so I could focus on giving the proper blowjob. As was my custom I started by planting a kiss on the head, then I slowly licked several circles around its base, after that I licked the shaft back and forth few times; all the while I kept fondling Barry's sizeable testicles. Eventually I took the head of the cock into my mouth, pressing my lips on it as it went inside; I continued to lick it there for a while.

Peter kept fucking me in a moderate pace, he knew how to use his length and what position to assume in order to please his lover. He continued to spank my buttocks from time to time; he did not say anything, but his breathing got audibly louder and an occasional grunt escaped his lips.

From licking I proceeded to sucking, I also never stopped fondling Barry's balls. I maintained a leisurely pace for a while, then moved to my favourite phase - deepthroating. I slowly took the thick cock deeper, for this I had to open my mouth really wide. Eventually my nose touched Barry's smooth underbelly, I held the position for several second; my focus remained undisturbed despite Peter's constant fucking and occasional slaps. After a while I withdrew my head, took few deep breaths and repeated the process; I did it several times before I finally began a regular deepthroating. My motions became quicker and I skipped the pauses, but I continued to swallow the cock entirely with each move. Barry's moans soon joined Peter's.

It might have been Peter's technique and size or maybe the naughty circumstances of the threesome, or most likely a combination of all those reasons that brought me to such a quick climax. I had barely reached my desired pace of deepthroating, when I pulled my head back and issued a long high-pitched cry, it was surely loud enough for the secretary to hear, but at that point I was not concerned with that.

Peter was not done though, so he continued to pound my pussy; he picked up the tempo though, his loins were hitting my buttocks harder than before. My cries became hectic and I abandoned Barry's cock for that moment. After Peter sped up he did not need much more time, soon after my own orgasm finally subsided he withdrew his penis and swiftly moved to my face.

"Open up! I wanna cum in your mouth."

That was the easiest way to avoid stains and I liked the taste of semen, so I eagerly obeyed. The man stuffed the head of his cock into my mouth and almost instantly began to ejaculate. It was not the biggest of loads but after my orgasm I was not fully prepared, so I struggled a bit to contain all the semen; ultimately I succeeded and swallowed every drop. As I was kneeling on the soft carpet trying to catch my breath Barry spoke:

"Let's change the position, now it's my turn. How do you feel about anal, Samantha?"

"You don't mess about!" I replied somewhat amused "I guess anything goes."

"That's what I like to hear."

"But do you have lube?"

"Pete be so kind and get it from the desk."

"Sure."

I guess I should have been startled, but after all I kept a bottle of lubricant in my office desk as well. I just followed Barry's guidance and assumed the new position. I took off my panties and laid on my back on the small couch with my booty up on the armrest and my head low; my anus was right there on the edge of the piece of furniture, the man stood by it and held my legs. 

Peter quickly returned with a bottle of lube and Barry spread it generously over my anus, his penis was wet enough already. He placed my legs on his shoulders and then gently pushed his thick cock into my hole, the girth was truly impressive and my long low moan was loud and genuine. Peter sat down on the edge of the couch by me and began to unbutton my blouse, he soon freed my breasts and started to play with them.

Barry got his entire cock into my ass and began to withdraw it equally gently, once its head was resting in my sphincter he pushed it back in; he was still being careful but increased the pace slightly. He was gradually picking up the tempo as my anus was adjusting to the penetration.

Meanwhile Peter was having fun with my breasts, he caressed and groped them, fondled my nipples or bent to lick and suck them. Just like before he was not solely focused on his own pleasure, but knew how other erogenous female body parts worked and how to push all my buttons. Soon I was once again moaning loudly from the double-pronged stimulation; with no penis in my mouth there was nothing to suppress the noise I made.

Berry found a decent pace and kept stretching my ass with his thick cock. Peter continued to touch my upper body, mostly focusing on my breasts and nipples. On my part I kept moaning loudly, I was genuinely enjoying this part of our "business deal". At some point Peter moved one of his palms between my legs and began to finger my clit, he turned out to be an expert at these parts as well. This went on for several minutes before I orgasmed for the second time; there was something special in those taboo or public situations that always made me climax quicker. I arched my back and cried out even louder than previously, I clenched my fists and my entire body trembled.

Peter sped up the fingering but Barry retained the pace, despite the earlier deepthroating and now the additional pressure of my anus he kept going. Eventually I run out of breath and collapsed on the couch; the fingering cease, but it was now Barry who got over the edge. He withdrew his cock from my ass and moved to my face, he intended to do the same thing as his partner earlier. I opened my mouth and took the head of his penis beyond my lips. I was still trying to catch my breath, so again I barely managed to swallow the entire load. After the last drop went down my throat I could finally again collapse onto the couch and rest for a while. Neither of the men touched my body any more, but Peter was the gentleman and brought me a glass of water.

"Doing business with you is pure pleasure, Samantha. I hope that we'll make more deals in the future."

"These were tough negotiations, but I'm satisfied with the results," I replies with a wink "I think it's time for me to go. Can I have my clothes back?"

Barry handed me my panties, I stood up and put them on.

"And the skirt?"

"The skirt is a part of the deal, remember?" replied Peter.

I opened my mouth to say something, but closed it without saying a single word. I could try to push the issue, but we just had a loud sex, the secretary had heart it for sure, if someone else was nearby they must have as well. There was no point in feigning modesty, especially since I was confident that Peter would not give me the skirt back anyway. So I just replied:

"You're right, sorry. Let's get the papers signed and I'll be on my way."

So I sat skirtless by their desk and signed my name under the deal, so did the men. We shook hands professionally and then totally unprofessionally Barry slapped my buttocks for the last time. 

White fishnet crotchless pantyhose and bright red lacy thong covered my firm booty as I left the office. I buttoned up the shirt, but have not fixed my make-up, so the I-just-had-sex look on my face was obvious. 

"Excuse me, Missus Swallows" Sammi halted me "could you please sign these as well?"

Apart from the secretary there also two men and a woman in the room, but I stopped nevertheless. As she handed me the papers the pen dropped to the floor, with my back to the three people I bent at my waist to retrieve it. I straightened up and signed my name were necessary; Sammi acted as if everything was normal, the other three just stood there in silence and gaped at my booty. I just said goodbye and left, I winked the trio as I passed them. On my way out of the building I went by several people of both sexes, no-one said anything, but they all stopped and stared. I added some sway to my hips, the additional show could not hurt my at that point.

Eventually I got into my car and drove home, I had to take a shower and change clothes before going to my own company. It turned out that the travel would take some more time because en route I met officer Mark, but that is a story for another time.