 Normally, I write a warning about the contents of this story and I write about the age limitation to read this story. This time I'm not writing any warnings. This story is about fun, satisfying sex and if you're too young to appreciate it, go somewhere else.

To recap: Our hero, Ray, meets a couple on the beach. They connect and play in the couple's hotel room where anything goes...and cums, too! Better that you should read Part 1 before continuing.

*

I awoke the next morning still feeling immensely satisfied. After coffee and some chores, I finally sat down at my computer and found a message from Becca.

"Ray, thank you so much for last night. After you left, Jonnie and I fucked like dogs in heat. We talked about it and we both agreed that it was better than we ever imagined. Both of us feel so free today. I'm even willing to have a woman join us now, something that never turned me on before. But right now, all I can think of is riding your cock again tomorrow night. Come before sunset and we'll have dinner here on the hotel's deck. Becca"

This got me thinking and I called up my occasional fuck buddy, Sandy, and left a message for her to call me. Sandy is built similarly to Becca and Sandy is wild and bi and mojo fun, maybe...

After several hours working on some paying jobs, I took a break from the computer. I wasn't horny at all but I flipped on the IM and scrolled down the list. There she was, my favorite cam girl. I clicked on and was rewarded with a beautiful sight. My girl was sitting in her computer chair wearing a nude exercise bra. Her legs were up on the seat and she had her fingers in her matching nude thong. She was all turned on; I could hear her moaning and her nipples were popping up pushing up against the bra. I swear I could dive into that cleavage and you would never ever find me. She smiled that perfect camera-ready grin and said a few things to the screen but I couldn't make them out. I wondered if the woman she was watching was doing the same thing. I popped a wood and touched myself, lightly rubbing the head. Today, my model reminded me of a young Whitney Houston and wow, what a sexy vibe. Suddenly, her hand rooted down into her thong. She slowly withdrew it and her fingers were very wet and shining in her juices. She slowly brought her fingers to her lips and sucked on them. Oh man, she was so hot. She withdrew her fingers with a pop, giggled and then turned off the broadcast. This was far more than I'd seen before; she'd never been this much of an exhibitionist, she'd always been discreetly covered. I sat and stared at the blank cam screen for a long time until I shook myself and walked wobbly from the desk. Here was the definitive example of the ability of a woman to take a man's mind and run away with it. This was a prime example of "the power of the pussy." Me? I was an example of a compete fool.

Later in the day, as I was returning from the sunset, Sandy called me.

"My favorite tongue, how you doin', Ray?"

"Hello, you juicy twat. I'm good. You?"

"Well, I'm working late tonight but I sure could use some of your TLC. Thank God, tomorrow is my day off. I'm just gonna veg."

"I have a better idea. How about you hold off on that until tomorrow night. I met a terrific newbie couple last night and we had a wild threeway in their hotel room..."

"Ooh, cool."

"Yeah, well, it was mucho excellent. Anyway, they want to meet me again tomorrow night for some more playtime. Last night, the husband swallowed his first cock. Now the wife has interest in tasting pussy. Want to join me? I promise, you will love this, Sandy."

"Are they in shape? Are they good looking? Is it really cool?"

"Yes to all. I thought of you first because you're made for this couple and vice verse. These are classy people and you are a classy babe."

"Okay, you sold me, you charmer. I'm in. What time?"

"We get to the Ritz before sunset, have dinner on the deck and then go to their room."

"I love it. Call me tomorrow. Now you made my pussy all wet..."

"If I was there, I'd lick it for you."

"Stop it, Ray, I have to go back to work! I'll see you tomorrow."

I emailed Becca when I returned. "Becca, tomorrow will be as special as yesterday was. I'm bringing my friend, Sandy, with me. You will love her, I promise. We will all love her. We will have some major fun. Ray"

I received this response: "Ray, I'm very excited. I'm certain that you probably have great taste in women and so I'm sure that Sandy will only add to our pleasure. I'm all damp now thinking about it. Becca" Great! I've made two women wet today and haven't even come close enough to sniff one!

I spent the rest of the evening working, writing, watching some TV and generally lazing away. My mind, however, had visions of Becca's pussy dripping onto my face. Most of the dreams I had that night somehow incorporated that same image. Gee, I wonder why. In the morning, I felt a little weary until I relieved my morning wood. That always makes me feel better and it always perks me up.

The morning email could not have been better. There were five jobs I had to complete, none of which were time consuming and all of which were lucrative. I was finished by eleven and I surfed around the web for a few minutes. I surfed over to my model thinking that maybe I should tell her that I love her. Or maybe not. But there she was sitting at her desk fully dressed, a large traveling wardrobe behind her.

She was leaning into the camera. Her deep cleavage clearly visible under the blouse. What a set...sigh. "I have to go now, luv. I have a shoot I have to fly off to but I'll be back next week. Here's something to hold you over..." She stood up away from the desk and slowly hiked up her skirt. Her long legs seemed longer as she drew up the hem. She raised the skirt to her hips and exposed a pretty little nearly see-through lace white panty. She slowly pulled them down and for a brief moment, there was a perfect...shaved...puffy ...ouch! Oh God, what a beautiful cunt. She dropped the shirt and stepped out of the panties. She lifted them up and held the crotch to her nose. "Mmmm. I'm dripping for you. Mmmm. I smell delicious." She held the crotch directly in front of the camera. I leaned in to take a sniff before I caught myself. How many other horn-dogs in cyberspace just did the same thing? She giggled as if she got the joke, too. "Bye, my luv. Keep your sweet little pussy wet for me. See you next week. She clicked off the camera. Like so many days before, I sat there scratching my head. I wondered if this woman was even remotely aware of the power she held. I'm sure she was. I'm sure she knew that she crippled every viewer. She had to know. She was a seductress and a siren dragging her mesmerized millions onto the rocks. I'm sure she knew that certain death and destruction lay ahead for those unlucky enough to hear her beckoning song. Oh, she knew it alright; that was her job.

I picked up Sandy at four. She was all decked out in a pretty outfit, all tropical pinks and yellows. She looked and smelled like a flower.

"I don't think I've ever seen you look prettier, Sandy."

"I'm all dressed up to get messed up...and for a free dinner at the Ritz. You look pretty handsome there yourself."

"Well, thanks. It's just khaki pants and a blue polo, nothing fancy. Weeguns and no socks."

"Are you wearing underwear?"

"Yes, in fact, I am. I'm wearing a stretchy little lycra Body Glove - you know, you liked them last time. They feel nice around my balls. Satisfied?"

"Sure! They're sexy! Want to know what I'm wearing?"

"No, I think I'll wait to be surprised!" On the way down to the hotel, I filled her on how I met Becca and Jon and how our night went. My description made her all hot and gushy, which was exactly as I intended. When we walked onto the restaurant deck, I saw Becca waving to us and we joined them at a table along the rail. Both Becca and Jon looked good and they both seemed to glow. Dinner was delicious and we polished off a couple of bottles of wine. And, as I knew, Sandy fit in like a fine-leather glove. The two hours around the table flew by amid gales of laughter and camaraderie. Finally, Becca said, "There's still an hour or so before the sunset, why don't we continue this party upstairs?" With total agreement, we all stumbled out of the restaurant. The ladies went to bathroom while Jon and I stumbled up to their suite.

A few minutes later, Becca and Sandy walked in laughing. Jon handed them glasses of wine and we sat down on the couch looking out at the beautiful horizon.

"I like this," said Sandy, "I've never been in such a cool hotel room." She danced around the room checking it out. "It's going to be a great sunset tonight." She twirled and spun around, turning her pink and yellows into a festive blur. Jon turned on the music channel but Sandy scooted over and said, "You sit down, Jonnie, I'll find some music and I'll dance for you. Go on." She found a funky R&B station and began to find the beat. When she locked in, she twirled and danced over to the couch where Becca sat between the men.

Sandy pushed the cocktail table away and began to dance around. As she danced, her skirt rose up and nearly slipped us a view but Sandy was aware of the effect and didn't go that far. She lifted her arms above her head and slowly drew the blouse up with them. Her small, deeply tanned back faced us as she pulled the blouse off and tossed it away. Then she slowly turned around. She was wearing a very sexy nude-toned bra. The material was thin and gauzy and her large round areolas were plainly excited. Sandy looked very hot as she ran her hands over her breasts and squeezed them together. Her cleavage reminded me of my earlier visit to my camming model. She'd worn a nude bra today, too.

Sandy danced closer to Becca and twirled around lifting her skirt and exposing her ass cheeks. The skirt dropped to the floor and Sandy twirled around directly in front of Becca. She was wearing a matching nude thong, just a little wisp of a thing. You could clearly see her slit through it and a small wet spot forming in the center. The scent of her dampness quickly filled my nostrils. Sandy danced over to Jon. As she bumped and grinded, she ran her fingers into her slit and slowly brought them to her mouth. Jon reached out to her but she backed off and spun around dancing back over to Becca. Sandy was teasing us. She repeated the same move with her fingers although this time, they were far wetter. Sandy's perfume now filled the room. She inched up to Becca whose eyes were focused on the fingers and the squishy cunt under the thong. Sandy pulled her fingers out of her crotch and offered her hand to Becca. Becca leaned in, smelled Sandy's hand and then, with no hesitation, took the fingers into her mouth. Sandy crawled onto the couch and sat in Becca's lap. She leaned forward and they kissed, first tentatively and then with desire. Jon and I watched as they got more involved, their tongues dueling and their hands feeling, squeezing and caressing. Sandy unbuttoned Becca's blouse and scooped her breasts, pushing them and squeezing them against her own. Becca's hands held Sandy's butt. Sandy lifted up and took Becca's hand. Sandy threw her arms around Becca and they began to slowly dance together as Becca's clothing dropped in a pile. Now they were both in their undies and it was some hot spectacle.

Jon looked at me. "This is amazing, Ray. Aren't they beautiful?"

"Yes and suddenly I feel overdressed." I stripped down to my undies. Jon did the same although this time he sat next to me.

"Those look very comfortable. Very sexy, too."

"I'll say," said Becca, looking over at me. "Very cool, Ray."

"Nice, Ray. I love the way they make your package look." Sandy added.

The two women began to dance again, this time with Sandy pressing her leg between Becca's so that Becca could rub her pussy against Sandy's thigh. Jon ran his hand along my cock, tracing it through my underwear. I spread my legs for him as his fingers probed and felt me. When I looked back at the women, the bras were gone and Becca was sucking on a teat. But I was getting stiff from Jon's manipulation and it was obvious from the stiffy under his tighty-whities that he was enjoying himself. "Why don't we move this into the bedroom?"

I got up and took the girls hands and led them. Jon followed close behind. Which was also where Becca ran her hand, along my underwear-clad posterior.

"Ray! ...Oooh, that feels so nice. Almost like panties. Feel his butt, Sandy." One hand on each cheek felt nice from my end, too. Once we were in the bedroom, Jon's hands joined theirs and we were quickly standing in a four-way intertwining grope. Somehow, we tumbled onto the bed laughing and touching. Sandy hooked her thumbs into my underwear and pulled them down. My dick popped up and bobbed back and forth. This caused more giggles.

"Time to get serious," Sandy firmly stated. She got up on her knees and peeled down her little thong (you know, ordinarily I would say that this thong was a waste of material but considering that there was no material..., nevermind). She held the flimsy crotch in her hand and placed it to her nose. "Mmmm. Nice." She rubbed her sopping slit and placed her fingers at my nose. I deeply inhaled and smiled broadly. She then did the same to Jon who, like me, enjoyed this form of aromatherapy. She took her thong and rubbed it along her gash. Satisfied that it was damp enough, she held it up to Becca. Becca nodded and Sandy placed it over her nose. This all seemed so familiar to me. Becca inhaled and let out a quiet moan. Sandy then pulled Becca's panties down and quickly brought it to her nose. "Mmmmmm, sweeter than my pussy" she exhaled.

Sandy turned to Jon and pulled his underwear down. She stroked his cock a few times and then took it into her mouth. I knew that Sandy would give an ace blowjob because she never failed to impress me. Becca took my cock into her mouth and proceed to slurp me. I ran my fingers down her ass crack and scratched lightly at her pubes.

"Nice cock, Jon, but I've got some rounds to make." Sandy looked at Becca sucking on me and then stared at my busy hand. "Let me see that, Ray." She scooted around to Becca's rear and replaced my fingers with her tongue. "Oh, I like that. I want some more!" She rolled onto her back and placed her head between Becca's thighs. I don't know which one of them squealed first but Becca pulled off my cock and sat back on Sandy's tongue. She squeezed her breasts and her nipples as she wallowed in Sandy's skills.

"Everybody stop!" I shouted. "Look outside!" The sun was beginning its descent into the gulf. It was a deep red-orange and under the cloudless sky, it was sinking perfectly. "It looks just like a New Mexico license plate, I swear." We were silent as we watched the sun slip away. The room turned dark with an orangey glow. When the sun was finally gone, we were all smiling at each other.

"What a sight. I'm going to miss that," said Jon.

Now it was I who scooted around the bed so I could go to work on Jon. His dick was semi-hard from Sandy's work and he watched as his wife now straddled Sandy and rode face. I was about to go down on him when Becca called to him. "Jonnie, come over here. I want you to watch me eat pussy. I want you to see me do it for the first time." Sandy moved around so that her head was up on the pillow and she could watch, too. Jon and I sat on either side. Becca, who is one hell of a sport, looked down on Sandy's puffy vulva and patted it, made nice to it and softy caressed it. "It feels so soft." Sandy spread her legs wider so that she was wide open for Becca's perusal. "You smell intoxicating, Sandy. I'm going to lick your pretty thing..." She leaned her head in and buried it Sandy's pussy seemingly taking the whole thing in. Sandy groaned, "Oh that feels so good baby. Yessss." Becca pulled her head up and began to tongue at lick at the folds, in the folds, deep inside the canal and around the clit.

"Mmmmmm. You're a quick learner, Becca. You keep doing that to my clit and I'll squirt all over you,...yeah, just like that. Yeah. Gently."

I took Sandy's nipple between my lips. I know that she likes some rough play on her nipples and so I sucked on it hard, sometimes with little bites while she held my head in place.

"Is it good, Becca. Do you like the taste of her pussy?" Jon inquired.

"It's different from what I expected but it feels so good, she tastes so sweet. Yeah, I like it."

I left Sandy and went over to Jon. I pushed him onto his back and mounted his head as I fed him my hard cock. I slowly leaned over and devoured his cock as deeply as I could.

"Me, too," cried Sandy, as she scooted under Becca, "I want to eat you, too." Now the four of us were sixty-nining next to each other and the bed was rocking. Jon's cock was pistoning my jaw. It felt great as it slid over my tongue. I put my hands under his butt and played with his ass. He did the same to me. We were all doing some serious face fucking, sawing in and out, licking up and down. I closed my eyes and let the sweet sounds of sex surround me. I concentrated on long slurps up and back, rolling around the head and sucking on the piss hole. I wanted his seed and was soon rewarded. He came first with a couple of hard thrusts and a grunt, cum was dripping down my lips, big fat globs of salty cum.

"Right there. Uh-huh...yes...there, there...omigod...omigod," she yelped. Becca's orgasm followed a moment later. She was heaving and panting, rocking on Sandy's wet face. She looked over to Jon and touched his face. Her fingers curled around my cock. Quietly, she said, "I love you, Jon. I love you." Then she turned back to Sandy's soaking puss and buried her tongue into it. "Come on my face, Sandy. Come for me...come all over me...I want to drink you up." Sandy was moaning and heaving her belly up and down, her legs splayed over Becca's head. Her moaning picked up volume into a full-blooded wail. I looked over as she cried out and proceeded to soak her tongue-lasher's face. She followed her orgasm with a long sigh and collapsed atop of Becca.

"Oh, girl, you're a natural...that was wonderful." She scooted over to Becca's face and they grasped each other, kissing and licking.

I concentrated upon my orgasm now. I could hear the women comment upon Jon's oral technique, which was now a combination of sucking on the head and, with his hand, twisting up the shaft. "Are you cumming?" he asked, I want you to cum."

"Almost there," I replied, "just keep that up. Don't stop."

I heard Sandy say to Becca, "Watch me make him cum." The next thing I felt was a tongue penetrating my asshole and she was right, that did it. I arched up and shot bullets into Jon's mouth. It wasn't a really big orgasm but it sure was satisfying. I rolled off him only to find him roll onto me and kiss me, spreading my cum into my mouth.

"That is so far out. Jonnie, I am so impressed." The four of us lay immobile for a few minutes.

"In the couple of days I know you two, you've gone from plain vanilla fuckers to rainbow cocksuckers and pussy-lickers. Howzit feel?"

"Liberating." Jonnie smiled. "I just love feeling so uninhibited."

"Good word. I agree. You know, last night when Jonnie and I had sex, it was wilder, more physical. It was better. It was like you said, Ray, 'real gourmet sex'."

"Yes, it was more fun than usual. I'm glad we did this. I know that both of us feel liberated."

Sandy listened to them and added, "You had a great teacher. Ray is so loosy-goosy and laid back...and so sensual. You know, I've enjoyed lots of good sex but I remember well the first time with Ray. He so rocked my world. He's my favorite fuck-buddy. I love his cock, his tongue, his hands... He's just so much fucking fun!"
