 Introduction.

Rachel was a very attractive 38-year-old, sadly she was recently divorced from her husband of 10 years marriage, fortunately they had not had any children. Therefore, their separation had been reasonably straightforward. Her ex-husband had set her up with a nice size apartment in the centre of town. Rachel was not too sad about what had happened and now just wanted to get on with her life.

Rachel had been good friend of Linda's for a number of years. Linda ran an agency that bought together single people to enjoy each other's company and for possible romance, although Linda insisted she was not running a dating agency.

Rachel and Linda had agreed to meet for lunch in a restaurant in town to catch up with each other. Over desert, Rachel told Linda 'I would like to start dating again, nothing too serious. I just feel lonely at night in that big bed. I want adventure not just romance'

Linda sat listening as Rachel poured out her feelings. 'Well, I think I know just the person for you.'

'Oh and who might that be?' Asked Rachel

'Well his name is Philip he's very professional and likes the idea of living out his fantasies and sexual adventures. I wondered what he meant at first, but he explained that he was looking for a women who he could have some fun together with, but without any long term commitment. He likes the idea of a women seducing him and then him taking control. But he insists on full discretion, he doesn't want to open the daily paper and find his name in the headlines. I think I should arrange for you to meet. What do you think?'

'He sounds very interesting, I love the thought of seducing a man' responded Rachel.

OK, I will sort out a date for you and get the details to you'

Rachel and Linda finished off their coffee and left the restaurant with a kiss good bye in the car park. That night Rachel could not keep her mind off the idea of seducing Philip, she was planning her outfit for their meeting and tactics.

A couple of days later an invite arrived from Linda for Rachel to attend an event at a large house at the other side of town, a car would pick her up at 7.30pm. Linda wrote a short note wishing her luck and to enjoy herself.

On the night she dressed in a short low cut black cocktail dress under which she wore some sexy black underwear and her favourite black silk stockings with her high stiletto heels that just said 'fuck me'. Her make-up included a red lipstick and black mascara. 

The car arrived and took her to the house. She met the host at the door, who welcomed her in and gave her a glass of champagne. Rachel circulated around the room making polite conversion wondering if Philip was there.

She sat down at the table and noticed an attractive man sat opposite, he introduced him self as Philip. Rachel's heart nearly did a back flip.

The dinner went well and she enjoyed the conversations with the people around her. The dinner over, people started to drift back in to the other room to dance, leaving just Philip and her sat at the table.

The conversation was slightly stilted at first but gradually as they became used to each other and the wine had its usual effect, their mood changed.

They were seated opposite the other and the table was small enough for their feet to touch. Rachel was the first to make a move - her pointed stiletto shoe gently touched his ankle and having found its mark, it purposefully rubbed itself up and down his calf slowly and suggestively.

He put a hand beneath the table and grasped her foot, removing her shoe. His fingers explored her instep and he felt her shiver as he stroked the underside of her foot and then inserted a finger between her toes pushing through the black stocking. This felt to both of them like a sexual invasion of her body.

She stiffened and he knew that from her foot to her pussy a lightening flash of feeling had passed up her leg. The stocking suddenly gave way under the strain and he felt her skin warm and slightly damp. His finger became alive and was soon joined by another pushing deep into the joints of her toes, he squeezed and rubbed them pushing them backwards until she let out a little scream with pleasure/pain.

Swiftly he rubbed the pain away and he felt her relax as her toes moved in his hand seeming to invite more of this sensual arousal that was making her foot sweat making the manipulation easier and more exciting.

He twisted her one of her smaller toes once more, his fingers buried deep into the gap between them - it felt like a small version of the gap between her legs and his finger felt like a miniature cock pushing to make an entrance to her pleasure zone. He pushed harder and again her cry came, this time more primitive like the moment of orgasm, her face was contorted, the eyes closed tight. Her head thrown back.

He looked in to her eyes as she moved forward in her seat, allowing her to play with her self. Her eyes closed, he slipped her shoe back on, and gently lowered her leg. He stood up and came and stood behind her. She opened her eyes and looked in to his eyes.

'Give me your hand Rachel' she took her hand from her under her dress and held her glistening fingers up to his mouth. He sucked off her pussy juices.

'Come with me' He held her hand firmly and he led her out of the room. She was still on a high from her orgasm and she wanted more, so she obeyed his every word.

Phillip led her down a corridor away from the main area of the party and to a secluded part of the house. He stopped in front of a large oak door, removed a key from his jacket and unlocked the door. He drew Rachel into the room and locked the door behind. They were in a study, two large brown leather sofas in the centre of the room. Books around most of the walls and a large writing desk to one side. The room was lit by 4 standing lamps which Phillip switched on. It was light enough to see by but still somewhat dim.

He again held her damp hand up to his mouth and tasted her, then taking hold of her arse cheeks in either hand he pulled her in tight towards him and they kissed hard, tongues meeting. She could still taste herself in his mouth. She felt the familiar tingling across her nipples as they hardened in anticipation of his attention. Her pussy just got wetter and wetter, she desperately wanted to cum again. She brought her arms around his neck and pulled him in tighter.

All was silent in the room, they were far enough away from the party to not hear it, so she assumed the party could not hear them. She removed her mouth from his and whispered into his ear "We're not leaving this room until I am finished with you, and that could be awhile."

"No problem" he answered, "In any case, I've got the key.

He led her to a sofa and told her to lie back on it. He sat by her feet and started were he had left off. Taking both of her stocking feet onto his lap, Phillip began to slowly massage them enjoying the feeling of the silk. Rachel had her head rested on the arm of the sofa so she could see what was going on. Breathing heavily, seeing her breasts rising and falling in the tight dress and looking past them to her raised legs. She watched as he just used his palms to rub the soles of her feet and over the instep, down to the toes. She curled her toes up around his finger and he closed his hand over the sole of her foot squeezing as his free hand rubbed up and down her calf and the back of her thigh.

She begged him in her mind to move his hand up further, into her knickers and to take charge of her now soaked pussy. Phillip knew what she was thinking. "No." he said, "For the moment, you do it!"

She paused...this would be so much more erotic than the orgasm at the table. Phillip actually watching her rubbing her clit and pussy lips whilst he worked on her very sensitive feet....He whispered, "I want to watch you do yourself. I want to see you cum again."

She slowly pulled up her dress to her waist. He let out a low "Jesus..!" when he saw her black silk knickers encasing her pussy. They were visibly damp with her juices, which he could smell lightly in the air. Rachel gently stroked the front of her knickers with two fingers, feeling the silk being pushed onto her lips and the dampness behind. Phillip took one of her feet in both hands and pushed a finger deep between her little toe and the next one. Ripping the stocking as he penetrated her, she curled her foot and felt a second finger rip the stocking between two more toes.

Rachel gasped "Watch me.." as she pulled her knickers to one side. The cool air of the room fell on her warm lips like a thousand cool fingers. She moaned and rubbed the palm of her hand over her lips pushing against her pussy as she rubbed. Then she penetrated herself with two fingers. She couldn't remember the last time she had been this wet. Her fingers slid in past the knuckle. She put her head back and closed her eyes.

By now her sweat was forming on her feet making Phillips massages more fluid and a little quicker. He had pretty much shredded her stocking around the left foot. He started to concentrate on her right. He pushed her left foot deep into his crotch. She felt his cock inside his trousers and began to rub against it. The panties were getting in the way. Pushing them to one side was no good as they kept snapping back in place. She pushed them down to her knees. This time she used two fingers on her left hand to pull open her lips giving Phillips a view of her most intimate self. Her right hand seemed to have a mind of its own. She was going to cum and Christ was she going to feel it. She looked such a slut. Knickers around her knees and wanking herself silly whilst she lay on her back.

She followed Phillips gaze as he watched her play with herself. Bowing down to her foot he took her little toe into his mouth and began to suck gently biting and teasing it whilst she rubbed the other toes against his face.

Whilst he did this he pulled her panties further down her legs past her calfs. He was still sucking on her toe as he pulled them off the leg that was rubbing his cock and drew them up the leg he had command of. Phillip took her panties to his face and inhaled the gorgeous smell of her juices feeling the dampness of her on his face.

This was too much for Rachel. She felt her orgasm begin to rise inside her, her fingers started working overtime on her lips as her free hand pressed down hard against her clit. She came in a messy torrent of pussy juice crying out loud as Phillip watched her, just managing to prevent himself from spunking against her massaging foot.

She lay there for a full minute looking at him and rubbing her lips slowly, bringing herself down to a level were she could consider what to do next..... 

Philip got up and quickly removed his clothes, dropping them on to the sofa opposite. He came back to where Rachel lay. His cock was straining and he couldn't resist the temptation to stroke it slowly. He poured them both a glass of champagne from the bottle in the ice bucket by the side of the sofa.

Rachel looked up and was almost shocked at the size and girth of his cock. She felt as if she was in a dream. Rachel was surprised at the levels of her erotic pleasure he had taken her to already. She sensed that he wanted to control her and was prepared to go along with his wishes as much as she could. She longed to feel his stiff cock inside her, but she sensed that she might have to do some other things before she would earn that pleasure.

He motioned her to come over to him and kneel on the floor. She leaned forward and stuck out her tongue to lick his cock and balls. He loved to watch the sight of her doing this. He then let her grasp his cock and pull back his foreskin fully. He sat back to watch her lick around the bulbous head before stretching her lips over the end.

She looked up into his eyes as she took all of his cock deep into her mouth and down her throat. He liked seeing her red lips stretched around his thick shaft. She held his cock firmly and played with his balls. Pulling back on his cock, she tongued the eye of his cock as it leaked some more pre-cum. She could tell by the weight of his balls that it was going to take a lot to exhaust this man tonight.

He noticed that she had let her right hand slip down to her pussy to pleasure her self. The look in her eyes told him that she wanted to have him so badly.

He told her to stand up and face away from him. He slowly lowered the zip of her black dress eased it off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. She stepped out of it and as she was bending over to pick it up, he gave her arse a sharp smack. She yelped in surprise. He saw her eyes close as the tingle subsided, he could tell that she was preparing her self for another smack. Instead, he feasted his eyes on the beautiful sight in front of him.

Rachel was stood there in just her low cut bra, her black stockings and suspenders. Her makeup did not look as good now as it had when they first met except her eye make up still looked very seductive. She had used a blue eye shadow together with black mascara. He appreciated the extra effort she had gone to with her appearance to try to seduce him.

He stood behind her; she could feel his cock in the crevice of her arse. He undid her bra and removed it. Cupping her breasts, he tweaked her nipples between his fingers. She gasped as he twisted and squeezed them. He then snapped the thin sides of her suspender belt, ripping them off and throw them to the floor.

He wanted to tease her some more before screwing her; he led her in to the desk and told her to lie down. She did what she was told, hoping she would get to feel his large cock deep in side her pussy, or may be up her arse. She lay back and closed her eyes. He came around to beside her head, held her wrists in his large hands, and used his belt to tie her to the legs of the desk. She did not struggle, as she knew that he was not going to harm her, and this was just part of their game.

He took off her stockings and put them on the chair for now, he would use them as further restraint if required..

He started to massage her feet again, it had been such a turn on earlier, and she desperately wanted to play with herself again. He started to work up her legs massaging. His fingers and hands inched upwards getting closer to her groin to the smooth ultra sensitive skin around her pussy and her folds hiding her clit. His fingers finally reached there touching circling her lips teasing the skin but touching nothing more.

He could hear her breathing increase as his fingers teased the outer edge of her pussy lips. Finally, he spread her lips and his fingers searched for her clitoris drawing it from its hiding place to tease it, gently pinching it. Her cry's for attention increased until finally he slid two fingers deep inside her slowly letting them work in and probed deep inside her.

Her body shuddered as she went from one orgasm to another; he noticed tears in her eyes for the first time. She arched her back to try to get close to him, but the he kept just out of reach. He undid the belt and let her free again.

Rachel lay there recovering with her eyes closed when suddenly she felt an intense cold feeling. This made her nipples even harder. She opened her eyes and saw Philip was holding an ice cube with his lips. Under his tongue swirling motion, the ice melted and the icy water dropped onto her nipples. Drop by drop of icy water, the intense feeling from her nipples went right into Rachel's brain. She believed that the right spot was hit. Her pussy was now even more flooded with her love juice.

Shortly the cold feeling changed its position. From top to lower down. Philip pushed the ice cube into Rachel's pussy using his tongue. As a cruel sex partner, Philip believed that Rachel needed not just one cube, so he pushed another one inside. This gave a sensation that Rachel had never felt before! The two ice cubes totally filled up her pussy. The sensation was so solid, substantial and even strange to her.

Philip then whispered to her. "Here comes another unforgettable moment for you" The third cube was slipped into her arse! The three ice cubes now were slowly melting and icy water was running along her inner thigh. She moaned again and again.

Seeing the pleasure etched on Rachel's face was pushing Philip to his limit of desire but he wanted to stay in control for a while longer. He need to tease her, so he pushed her legs back over her head and just pushed his now throbbing cock so it brushed the outer folds of her swollen and wet pussy. Once, twice he inserted his cock into her but only an inch. Rachel moaned in pleasure desperate for Philip to fuck her hard. She tried to push Philips arse further forward so he would invade her but he wouldn't give her this pleasure.

Rachel was loving the attention she was getting, never in her life had she orgasms so many times in one evening, Philip had uncovered the 'darkside' of her that she didn't know existed. She hoped that the feelings in her body could last forever. She had lost control ages ago and her desires had taken over.

She cried out, 'Fuck me hard darling, I want all of your sticky spunk inside mmmmmmeeeeee'

Phillip looked down at the sight of his cock only just penetrating her pussy lips, Rachel was so wet that it was already starting to stream out from her and coat his incredibly hard cock.

"No!" He said. "I'm not going to fuck you just yet. You've got to do something for me." Taking the silk stockings he motioned Rachel to get off the desk and stand in front of him. Phillip turned her around and told her to put her hands behind her back which she did. He quickly but gently tied them together with the stockings, wrist to wrist then turned her around again.

Having her hands behind her back made her push her chest out for balance, making her ample quivering tits all the more noticeable. Phillip dropped his mouth to her left, engorged nipple and sucked, hard. She whimpered and could only push her chest into his mouth to encourage him due to being unable to use her hands. He moved to her right nipple, biting, pulling and really sucking. His lips left red contact marks on her tits where they had been such were the power he was putting into suckling on them. All the time her hands were tied, she felt like she was losing balance and fell against Phillip. He propped her up with his knee between her legs. She gently rode his knee whilst he continued to suckle...

Phillip pushed her down gently onto her knees. "You are going to suck my cock Rachel." he ordered. "If you suck me off now, I will last longer when I fuck your brains out later. And as your hands are tied, I'll have to do some of the work and fuck you mouth whilst you suck me off. You got that?"

Rachel squirmed on the floor, getting comfortable concentrating solely on Phillips rock-hard cock, dripping pre-cum down his shaft to his balls...and those balls.....oh god...... they contained what she wanted, needed and adored.

She could still feel the ice cube in her ass, and the remnants of the one in her pussy. She didn't know what was turning her on more, the feeling from her ass and pussy or the playful feeling of being tied up and not being able to just rub her clit and force an orgasm there and then.

Phillip moved closer..............

Rachel's mouth fell upon his cock like some cock-starved nymphomaniac, shocking Phillip with her determination. She didn't start slowly like before, Rachel used her body weight to bear down on his shaft completely, taking it's full length in her mouth, into her throat and only stopping when his heavy balls smacked into her chin. Phillip let out a long, low moan and began to twist his fingers into her hair. She started to swallow making the back of her throat brush down over the head of his cock feeling the pre-cum, sticky and warm coating her throat.
