 I had been adjusting to my new normal these days, balancing an increasing workload with new pleasures at home. Lots of visits with the girls Amanda and Jessica which were amazing stories in their own rights, such imaginative little vixens, but they were getting ready to head off to college and life was moving on.

Meanwhile work and the career was calling. I had been asked to take a brief posting at a university, teaching a couple short courses for the business majors associated with our company. Nothing major or long term but it would be nice to get out of the office for a couple months. So after an orgasmic parting with Jessica and Amanda, over a few days, I packed up and went back to school.

The classes were pretty routine, not a lot of students compared to other schools, but all very determined to succeed in the business world. The pace for teaching was similar to work so the long hours outside of class felt normal, however after the last few months I had to admit I was feeling slightly bored on the personal side.

The gym here was pretty impressive. I tried to keep up my daily routine and burn off some energy at the end of the day, but as the semester wore on the end of the day was getting later and later. Finally one morning I found myself up extra early and decide to switch things up and hit the stacks bright and early.

A university gym isn't all that busy at 6 am, but with enough coffee it was still better than trying to fit a session in at 9 pm after marking papers or teaching. After about a week or so it wasn't too bad and found I was enjoying the day much more. 

It was probably by the second week I noticed a group of first years were also showing up bright and early to work out. I didn't really pay any attention to them to be honest, ok maybe I did check them out a bit but I'm usually pretty focused when training. So there I was this one morning, going through my routine and noticed three of the usual crew seemed a bit more attentive than usual. Nothing obvious of course but the place was full of mirrors. By this point it had been a bit since I'd been on the receiving end of any loving attention so I may have played it up a bit noticing I was being watched. Meh, happens in the gym stays in the gym.

I finished off my routine and headed down to the change room for a shower before heading to my office. I did pause on the way to the shower, can't let any old mirror go by unchecked after all. My red hair was getting longer, just past the shoulders now. All the time in the class hadn't softened the physique too much, still keeping that fitness lean look despite the breasts. The gym time was helping but I was going to have to find time to hit the rock wall again soon. With a hand holding a breast I gave myself a little wink and chuckling went into the shower.

I just ducked into the hot water with my head under the spray when I heard a sound behind me. Pulling my hair back from my face I turned and noticed the three girls from the gym walking into the shower room. All three were shorter and thinner than I and definitely first year students Not really paying much attention to them I gave a quick smile and went back to washing my hair.

I was a bit surprised to hear the whispering and thought it odd they all chose shower heads around me. I looked to the right and saw a younger girl, probably 19 or so, very pretty in a slim athletic way just easing into the water, cupping it over her chest and letting it rain down. Her pert nipples tensing as the water hit. She looked over at me and smiled at my gaze, which I tried to hide by putting my face back in the water.

Peeking to the left one of the other girls, this one dark haired, had her back to the water and was rinsing her hair. She didn't notice me looking, or so I thought, so I check her out a bit more subtly. This girl was a bit heavier built, with the strong physique of a gymnast. I felt a bit of a familiar tingling as I looked at her, and felt the gaze of the brunette still on me. Where was that other one?

Turning I let the water rinse my hair, feeling the water run over my back and down my chest, loving the feel of the heat running over my nipples. Leaning my head forward I saw the third girl, short brown hair cut in a tight pixie style directly across from me. I was surprised to see her staring straight at me, eyes locked on my chest and the tingling became much stronger with the intensity in her eyes. Wow, I remember thinking, as I scrubbed my hair feeling my chest was bouncing with the motion. A quick look to each side caught all three staring at my rather impressive breasts.

I started soaping up. I'm not going to pretend I wasn't enjoying being checked out by these three and I probably spent a lot more time lathering my chest that I usually do. A month or so ago I might have been freaked out a little by this, but after my encounter in the lingerie store and being caught by Amanda and Jessica on my Sybian you could say I was feeling more excited by the attention than not.

As I washed up all three girls had their backs to the water and were spending more time watching me than doing anything else. I caught a few quick glances passing between them and while I probably didn't need to bend over quite that way to soap my legs, it certainly kept their attention! The air was electric in the room, not helped by the heat and steam and I remember feeling a definite tingle, or it could have been a bit too much soap.

After a few minutes of this the girls, with a bit of whispering, all stepped out of the shower and filed into the change room. I waited a few moments longer, letting my soapy fingers linger a moment, enjoying the brief sexual tension in the room. Shutting off the water, I stepped out and wrapped a towel around myself and my hair in another.

The locker room was not overly large so I was not surprised to see the girls all still there drying off. I said hi as I walked in, as they all turned to look at me, then I sat down working the towel to dry my hair a bit.

"Hi", this from the dark haired gymnast, her locker a few doors down from mine, sitting on the bench.

"Morning," I said peering out under my towel with a smile," Have a good workout upstairs?"

"Yeah," she said with a smile," Bit distracted I guess this morning." laughing.

I chuckled along setting my towel down beside me to look at her a bit more closely. She was still wearing a towel wrapped around her loosely and the steady look was a bit intense. As she was sitting there I noticed the other two were paying attention and the brown haired slim girl sat on the other side of me.

Hmmm, I found myself thinking, this might be interesting.

"Oh distracted? How's that now?"

Suddenly she seemed a bit hesitant. Blushing slightly she said "Um, well no reason I guess" a quick look over my shoulder to the other girl, "We um, well we noticed you working out here a few times is all I guess."

"Oh?" I had to admit I was enjoying this. The tension in the room was palpable as I sat up a bit straighter and felt the towel loosen. "And what were you noticing?"

Her gaze darted towards my chest again and she was breathing a bit quicker. The girl beside me had her hand on the bench barley an inch from touching me. The third had moved in front of me by the lockers and was staring at the towel slowly loosening on me.

A slight shrugging had my towel loosen a bit more, exposing more cleavage. The three were now fixated on me, ok I was loving this, as more of my chest was exposed.

"We, um" she started.

"Ok we were looking at your tits."

I looked up at the girl standing in front of me with a surprised expression yet a sly smile creeping up on me. Pretending to put on a puzzled frown I lowered the towel, exposing my chest to them. The girl in front of me was biting her lip and a quick glance at the ones to the side saw I had their attention.

"What do you mean?" I asked cupping them with a slight squeeze. I had three sets of eyes glued to my hands as I gently massaged my chest, pretending I didn't notice what my hands were doing.

"We just thought they looked really nice and, you know, just yeah."

All three girls were breathing quickly now and the tension in the room was amazing. I had a good idea what these girls wanted but was so savouring the feeling, that electric charge running though me that I couldn't help myself playing along.

"So you were watching me work out then? And checking me out at the same time huh?"

The silence was answer enough as I continued to gently massage my breasts, thumb gently brushing my nipples. Smiling slightly I let my gaze connect with all three girls eyes. Seeing the desire building and knowing what I was feeling I placed my hands on the bench and leaned back slightly, my usual smirk and raised eyebrow an open invitation.

The dark haired girl beside me was definitely the bravest of the three. Reaching out tentatively I felt fingers on my shoulder slowly sliding down to the underside of my breast, almost tickling as they trailed along with a slight cupping on the bottom. Seeing my smile and head tilting back slightly, gently waving my hair on my back, I felt the other girls' hand now cupping and squeezing.

Surprised with how forward they were becoming, I wasn't going to let a fun opportunity go by. I looked at the girl in front of me and held her eyes as her friends caressed my chest. I gave a slight gasp as their fingers gently brushed my sensitive nipples and a smile as I saw her hand slide under her towel. She leaned back and her towel dropped, revealing her slim frame, hand massaging her pussy as her friends continued to explore me.

Their hands more insistent now, squeezing, pulling gently on my nipples. I moaned slightly, feeling the first gentle kiss on my neck. I let my towel fall to my sides and spread my legs slightly, my smooth vagina obviously moist. Both were kissing my neck, biting my ear lobes as I locked eyes with the girl in front of me. She was leaning back, hand moving in quicker circles over her clit, other hand pinching her nipple.

As the moment stretched on the girls were licking their way down my chest, lifting my breasts to their eager tounges. My hips bucking slightly and I let out a long slow moan as I felt two tounges tentatively reach for my nipples.

The girl in front of me was coming close. Her hand circling her clit and then two fingers plunging inside, gripping her small breast tightly. She held my eyes the whole time though, watching her friends slip my nipples in their mouths, pressing them to the roofs of their mouths and flicking driving me wild with passion. 

With this she came, a drawn out loud moan as her hand moved in a blur grinding her clit. Her friends sucked even harder, hands roaming over my back and belly. Hands gripped my legs, pulling them apart as she dropped to her knees.

I was surprised with the intensity as she drove her face between my legs, tounge finding my clit quickly then sucking with all she had. I thrust my hips forward into her as the other two kept working my breasts with their glorious attention. Rocking my hips in time with her probing fingers I felt myself losing control with so much going on at once. I grabbed her hair and pulled in slightly, head rolling back with the incredible pleasure I was receiving. One of the others slid a hand down, helping to spread me more then I felt myself being swung around to lie flat on the bench. My head resting on one of their legs, hands playing with my breasts while there was a pause on my poor clit. I looked up to see two of them positioning themselves between my legs then my world exploded.

I tried so hard not to scream as I felt two tounges searching for my clit with fingers sliding in and out of me. It was almost as good as being on my Sybian, my clit licked on both sides, sucked then pressed against their tounges. I moved my hips in time with them but it was so good and with the other pulling on my nipples I had my strongest orgasm since coming to the school.

They eased off as I came down, breathing slowly easing. Sometime during all this I had grabbed the hips of the girl behind me and let my hands slide across her sides as I relaxed. I looked down to see two smiling wet faces and let out a very satisfied chuckle.

"Well" with a sigh "Hope you were happy with what you saw?"

The answering smiles told me all I needed to know.