 Steffie put down the last box and fell onto the bed, exhausted. She knew she should start unpacking but was too worn out to even contemplate it. The last few days had been far too taxing, both physically and emotionally. The image of her boyfriend in bed with his so-called psychology tutor still haunted her. She had come home early from classes that day and discovered them together, only to find out that the affair had been going on for months.

There was a knock on her door and she opened her eyes. Jack, one of her new roommates was standing in the doorway, holding two beers in his hands. "Thought you could use a cold one," he said, holding one out.

"That sounds so good," she replied, rising from the bed and taking the cold bottle from him. "Come on in," she offered, removing a box from her only chair, before sitting back on the bed. She tipped the bottle back and took a long swallow. "Thank you," she sighed.

"Hey, no problem," he said, his full lips breaking into a dazzling smile. "You going to be able to fit all this in here?" he asked, looking at the mound of boxes.

"It's really not as much as it looks," she replied. "I should be fine."

He rose and began looking at the labels on the boxes. "If you need any help moving this stuff around, just let me or Cal know," he offered, taking another sip of his beer. "We'd be happy to give you a hand."

She was still a bit uneasy about having two male roommates, but the house was so beautiful, the price was right and the room's immediate availability had all combined to outweigh her fears.

Steffie watched him as he moved about the room. He certainly was handsome, she thought. He ran his fingers through his tousled black hair and she watched the muscles bunch in his strong arms. Her eyes skimmed down his lean torso to his muscular thighs.

"You offering me up for hard labor?" a voice asked from the doorway. Calvin, the other resident of the house stood on her threshold. His blond hair and hazel eyes contrasted with his roommates features, but that was where the differences ended. He was just as good looking as Jack and also in great physical shape.

A couple of hours later, she was putting her things away in the bathroom, when she paused and stared at her reflection in the mirror. She fingered the long fiery red curls that tumbled over her shoulders and stared into her large green eyes. Why hadn't Gavin loved her? She had been good to him, had kept their apartment clean and tidy, cooked for him, never denied him sex, even when she didn't really feel like it and yet she hadn't been enough for him. Tilting her head she examined her body, her full 36C breasts, trim 28 inch waist, flat stomach and long shapely legs should have kept him interested, she thought. She twisted around and examined her rear, still high, firm, and round she confirmed. His new girlfriend Tracy, who she liked to call Trixie, had dyed blond hair and fake boobs. I guess he likes that better, she thought dejectedly.

At twenty-two years of age, she had hoped she would be in love with her future husband, not mending a broken heart. Well, I guess things don't always work out like you hope, she thought, hanging her new shower curtain.

A couple of weeks later, she walked into the house with a heavy heart and tears threatening to flow. Before leaving the campus that day she had seen Gavin and Trixie sitting on a bench kissing and cuddling. She had tried to concentrate on some reading during the short bus ride home but her eyes had kept clouding.

"Hey Steffie, come on in here!" Calvin called out to her from the living room as she passed by. Walking back to the room, she saw Calvin and Jack sitting at the coffee table with a bottle of Tequila, some limes and salt. "Come do some shots with us," he invited, smiling widely.

Maybe a drink would do her good, she thought. It was Friday night, she had no classes tomorrow, she could have a shot or two. She walked in the room, dropping her books onto a chair and joined her roommates.

After picking up a lime and sprinkling some salt on her hand, she accepted the brimming shot glass from Calvin. They were each ready to go and on the count of three they each licked, drank and sucked. Steffie screwed up her face at the bitter drink and sucked on her lime.

"Eeeeeuuuuuwwww!" she exclaimed, to which Calvin and Jack both laughed. "The first one is always the worst," she gasped.

As Calvin began pouring another round, Jack said, "We were hoping you would be home soon. We were thinking about doing some body shots."

Referring to the practice of licking salt off another person's body and sucking a lime that was in that person's mouth, she replied with a twinkle in her eye, "Oh you didn't have to wait. I wouldn't mind if you had started without me." She was already beginning to feel better.

"Yeah, right," Jack laughed. Holding up the salt shaker with a wicked smile, he asked her, "Well? What do you say?"

"Give me a few more and then we'll see," she replied. The thought of either of them licking her body and pressing their lips to hers under the guise of sucking a lime sent a shiver down her spine. She had to admit that over the past couple of weeks she had been having some rather naughty thoughts and even naughtier dreams about these two delectable men.

An hour and a half later, she was down to her tank top and Jack was licking a line of salt off of her shoulder before dipping his head to suck the lime that was wedged into her cleavage. Calvin sat back on the couch losing the struggle to keep his eyes open as his friend's dark head nuzzled Steffie's breasts.

"I think we've lost him," she giggled, pointing at Calvin's sleeping form.

"So, it's the just the two of us now," Jack murmured, pouring a drink for Steffie. Spreading his arms, he asked suggestively, "Where would you like to lick the salt from?" He had removed his shirt and Steffie scanned his muscular chest, stomach and arms contemplating her next location.

Feeling bold, she trailed her finger along his abdomen just above the top of the waistband of his low slung jeans. "Right here," she said in a low voice.

With a mischievous twinkle in his light blue eyes, he matched her low tone, replying, "An excellent choice." He put a lime slice in his mouth and lay down on the couch, stretching his arms above his head.

Steffie felt her pulse quicken and a tingling begin in her belly as she knelt between his legs and trailed her tongue over his muscular abdomen, wetting a place for the salt. Jack sucked in a shaky breath as she did so and she glanced up at him. He had his eyes closed and she could see from the rise and fall of his chest that his breath had quickened. She hesitated for only a moment before tugging gently on his jeans and licking even lower on his stomach. His back arched slightly as he murmured around the lime, "How much salt are you planning on putting down there?"

"To hell with salt," she replied, tearing open the button and pulling down the zipper of his jeans. "You don't mind do you?" she asked pulling his pants down his hips.

He spat out the lime and lifted his head watching her. "No, go right ahead," he said breathlessly. He had been hard for the last hour as the body shots had grown bolder and bolder and sighed with relief as she gently pulled his erection from his pants. 

"Oh my," she sighed holding his large cock in her hand, gently stroking him before swirling her tongue around the head.

He drew in another shaky breath and pushed himself up into a sitting position. He wanted to watch her sucking him. She drew the length of him into her mouth and began to pump her head up and down. Jack's head fell back with a moan. "God, that feels good," he muttered, clumsily stroking her hair. His breath grew faster and faster as she continued to deep throat him. Just as he started to peak, she pulled back and gently teased him, running her tongue along the underside of his throbbing cock and softly stroking him only to take the length of him back in her mouth and draw him to the peak again. Not many girls were as talented as Steffie and he hadn't had a blow job like this in a long time. After bringing him to the brink and back again a few times she finally let him have his release. "I'm gonna cum," he gasped.

She didn't pull away as he had expected and as he emitted a loud groan, the first shot of cum hit the roof of her mouth. She swallowed every drop and sucked him dry, before finally releasing him from the sweet confines of her mouth.

Pulling her up to him, he pressed his lips to hers in a deep kiss. "That was great," he sighed. "We have got to do tequila body shots a lot more often!"

Smiling she replied, "Like I said before, you and Calvin can go ahead without me. I'm not that much of a drinker."

"As appealing as that sounds," he replied, laughter in his voice, "I think I'd rather do them with you." He began to tuck himself back into his pants.

"Why? Doesn't Calvin swallow?" she asked with mock seriousness.

"Naw, he spits it out and makes a terrible mess," he said laughing. Picking up the bottle, he asked, "One more for the road?"

"Sure." They did them the standard way before rising and going to their separate bedrooms, leaving Calvin asleep on the couch.

Steffie made sure to drink a lot of water before stripping off her clothes and falling into bed. She didn't want a hang over the next day. Her thoughts went back to the events in the living room a few minutes ago. Had she really done that? Had she given Jack a blow job? The slight soreness in her jaw assured her that she had.

She knew that she couldn't use the excuse of the alcohol except that it gave her the courage to do something she had been wanting to do. Her mind wandered back to some of her fantasies of him and imagining what he packed in his jeans was one of them. Her lips curved into a smile as she recalled the impressive size of him. She wondered what it would be like to have sex with him, to feel that big cock inside of her.

Her hands slipped down over her stomach and between her parting thighs. Sliding her fingers between the already wet folds of her pussy, she tipped her head back and sighed. She dipped her fingers inside, stroking herself, her other hand rubbing her clit. She increased the tempo and writhed on the sheets, feeling the orgasm building within her. She imagined Jack on top of her, behind her, beneath her, filling her with his manhood. A low guttural moan escaped her lips and her back arched as her climax flooded through her body.

The next morning she awoke with a clear head, the only sign of last night's drinking was that she was thirsty. She pulled on a house coat and went downstairs to the kitchen to find Calvin sitting at the table with his head in his hands and Jack standing at the counter drinking Pepto Bismal straight from the bottle.

"Good morning boys," she announced loudly, smiling at the winces on their faces. She swatted Jack on the behind. "Hey hot stuff," she whispered.

Both men glared at her as she poured herself a cup of coffee. "How is that you don't have a hang over?" Calvin asked in a husky voice.

"I guess I just have a stronger constitution than either of you," she replied, sipping her coffee.

A few Saturdays later, Jack poked his head into Steffie's room. "Cal and I are putting together a touch football game tomorrow. You in?"

"No, I have a test coming up that I need to study for. Thanks though."

The next day, she woke up early, looking forward to having the house to herself. She preferred studying at the big dining room table but with the two guys coming and going it was usually too distracting.

She got out of the shower and realizing that she only had one clean towel left she used that to dry her hair with and just pulled her clothes on over her wet body. Since the main floor of the house was always so warm, she was only wearing a short, thin undershirt and jeans as she trotted down the stairs.

She pulled open the fridge and as she stood scanning the contents she heard a sound. Turning she saw Calvin staring at her, his mouth hanging open.

"Whoa," he muttered. He was wearing only a pair of jeans, revealing his muscular upper body.

She glanced down at herself and realized what he was looking at. The undershirt was nearly transparent as it clung to the still damp skin of her full breasts and since she was standing in the cold breeze from the fridge her nipples were rock hard. Her snug jeans were slung low, revealing a lot of her toned tummy.

She looked back up at him and saw the lust burning in his eyes. She could also see the growing bulge in his jeans. Mesmerized, he stepped towards her, his eyes hungrily drinking in her exposed flesh. "You are so beautiful," he murmured, his golden amber eyes finally lifting to meet her green ones.

"I didn't think there was going to be anyone home," she said softly, closing the fridge but not stepping back as Calvin approached her.

"I've had fantasies about coming across you like this," he said in a low voice, reaching out and caressing a coppery curl of her hair. His hand dropped lower, the backs of his knuckles stroking her arm.

The seductive tone of his voice along with the look in his eyes, caused a warmth to start in her belly, flaming out through the rest of her body as he touched her. Her breath suddenly quickened, her pulse racing. Calvin's hands cupped her face and drew her to him, kissing her deeply. Her lips parted, her tongue seeking his.

His hand dropped and slid up under her undershirt, cupping her breast in his hand, gently squeezing the firm flesh. A small cry escaped her lips as his fingers tenderly pinched her nipple. His lips sought her throat as she dug her nails into his back. She hadn't had sex for almost two months and was going crazy with it. "Take me Calvin, take me," she whispered in his ear.

Without hesitating he scooped her up in his arms and carried her to his room, kicking the door shut behind him. Setting her on her feet, he pulled her undershirt off as she tugged open her jeans. He grabbed the waistband of them and pulled them to her ankles, dropping to his knees in front of her. He tugged down her panties and gripping her ass he pressed his face to her pussy, pushing his tongue between the already wet lips.

He was tearing at the opening of his own jeans as he playfully pushed her backwards onto the bed. Finally free of any constraints he joined her, partially covering her body with his, deeply kissing her again. His lips then trailed down her throat over her shoulders, seeking her breasts. He squeezed them in his hands and buried his face in their fullness, sucking the nipples.

Steffie entwined her fingers through his thick blond hair, relishing the feelings. She had been pleased by the ample size of his cock and was looking forward to what was to come.

Calvin dipped his head lower, over her stomach, spreading her thighs open, up and back before lowering himself between her thighs. His tongue slid between the lips of her pussy, swirling around her clit as she gasped loudly. He slipped his tongue inside of her, poking in and out, causing her to writhe on the sheets. Small cries escaped her throat as he returned to her clit, suckling the small nub, causing sparks to flash through her body. He kept teasing her pleasure center, licking, sucking and nibbling at it until she arched her body with a loud cry, and a surge of wetness signaled her climax.

Steffie lay panting on the bed as Calvin rose up to her and kissed her deeply, tasting of her juices. He rolled her over and pulling her hips into the air, he positioned himself behind her. He gently stroked his cock through the wet folds of her pussy before sliding into her. He completely filled her causing her to sigh with pleasure. He slowly began to pump in and out of her, increasing the tempo until he was thrusting deeply into her.

She had her face pushed into a pillow, muffling her cries of pleasure as he filled her. "Oh yes, Calvin, yes, give it to me!" she cried, lifting her face from the pillow.

He gripped her hips and drove even more deeply into her, slapping his hips against her ass, grinding into her. "God, you feel so good," he grunted. "So hot and wet and tight."

"Cum on my tits," she gasped. "I want you to spray it all over my tits."

"We're not there yet, honey," he gasped, pulling out and flipping her over. He straddled her shoulders and she opened her mouth eagerly for his cock. She tasted her own juices as he gently pumped his cock in and out of her mouth. He slowly pushed in to see how much of him she could take and his eyes widened as her nose pressed against his stomach. He began pumping deeply in and out of her throat, drowning in the incredible sensation. He had seen girls in porn films who could do this but had never experienced it himself.

"God, this feels good," he moaned. "So fucking good." After a minute he could feel himself getting close to coming and reluctantly pulled his cock out of her mouth. Pulling her knees up to his shoulders, he plunged deeply into her pussy again. She gripped the sheets and cried out loudly and he drove into her. He pumped furiously causing Steffie to feel like she was close to losing her mind as her orgasms roared through her over and over again.

They were both slick with sweat and he knew she was close to exhaustion, so he gently lowered her back down to the mattress and straddling her hips he gripped his cock and began pumping, until he came, spewing his cum onto her tits. She gasped and arched her back rubbing the creamy spunk all over her full breasts. Calvin collapsed beside her, pulling her close. He gently kissed her lips, "That was fantastic," he murmured as she nestled her head on his shoulder.

"Downstairs you said that you've had fantasies about having sex with me. Well I have a confession to make. So have I," she admitted, blushing.

"Really? So, tell me, what other fantasies have you had?" he asked, looking down at her.

"Far too dirty to tell," she replied, getting up.

"Hey, where are you going?" he asked, gripping her hand.

"I'm going to take a shower and then continue studying, if I have any energy left for it," she laughed, her legs trembling as she stood from the bed.

She stood in the shower, letting the warm water flow over her body and was shocked at how easily she had given in to Calvin. First Jack and now him. She smiled at how wicked she was becoming. She winced a little as she soaped between her legs. Oh yes, she had enjoyed herself so far this morning. She could hardly wait to see what opportunity presented itself next with these two young men.

...to be continued...