 "What would you think about going to SexFest on Saturday?" 

Kimmy and I are at home together when she asks me this. She is wearing a pair of my boxers and a t-shirt. I walk over to her and grab her from behind, working my hands into the baggy clothes to touch her all over.

"I don't know what that is, but it sounds promising," I reply.

She laughs and gives me a knowing look and a gentle push with her hips. "I thought you might like that. It's actually a film festival. Someone at work told me about it. It's for amateur porn and they show it in the movie theater downtown."

Sounds interesting. I tell her I'm in and she goes online to get tickets.

Kimmy and I have been together for several years. She started out so reserved when it came to all things sexual, but now she loves sex. We fuck regularly at home, in the car, outside when circumstances permit. Recently, we've really enjoyed watching porn together, checking out adult books stores, and even looking online for potential soft swap opportunities. So the idea of going to a porn film festival is not such a stretch for us.

Saturday night comes and we walk over to the theater and find there is a line down the sidewalk leading to the entrance. The show has an artistic, sex-positive slant so people aren't skulking or ashamed like you would find at a regular porn theater. There are couples and groups of friends ranging in age from mid-20's to some who look to be in their 60's and 70's. Eventually the doors open and we file into the theater. Kimmy and I take our seats in the left-hand section.

The show is introduced by a host talking about the ideology of the festival and a run down on some of the films. They are all short films, none more than 10 minutes long. He warns that while some are pretty standard fare others will make some people cringe. I can tell Kimmy is eager for the show to get started.

The first film is pretty straight forward: A young couple hike up a mountain together and fuck at the top. Obviously there are more stylistic choices being made, but that is the gist of it. I'm not complaining, the couple is very hot. It ended with the guy pulling out in time to cum on the girl's stomach with a panoramic mountain view in the background. People clap at the end of the film; it's that sort of festival.

The next film is about an older woman talking about her polyamorous relationships. The film alternates between her talking about being into sex in a time when you were not supposed to be into sex and scenes of her fucking and sucking multiple men at the same time. The men range in age from 25 to 70 from the looks of it. 

"She looks really good for her age," Kimmy whispers to me. I have to admit she is right. Despite being mid-50's, the woman is still in good shape. Aside from a few wrinkles on her body, she still looks good with one guy eating her out while she sucks another's cock. I am definitely turned on by the film. 

The festival continues. Some of the films are funny, like a guy having work-themed phone sex with his wife while he is at the office. Several with painted latex or other bondage. One of a woman masturbating with a dildo I thought was very hot. A couple of orgy films, too. One with cutting and blood, but I'm not into it and turn away for the bloodier parts.

Eventually the show ends and people file out of the theater, talking about which films they liked the most. Kimmy and I start walking home, a bit handsy after watching so much porn.

"Maybe we should submit a film for next year," Kimmy says.

"Oh yeah? You wouldn't be nervous doing that?" 

"Sure, I would be nervous, but that's part of the fun. All those people watching us have sex and clapping afterward." Kimmy laughs.

"So you think we would warrant applause then?"

"Well that depends on how well we make our video."

1 year later

Kimmy and I are back in line outside the theater. For as giddy as we were last year, this year we are infinitely more so. She has the biggest smile on her face, trying not to show how nervous she feels. I admit, I am also really nervous. Again we file into the theater when the doors open and take our seats. The host gives his intro speech and the film festival starts. 

The first few films fly by. I'm looking around to see how people are reacting. Kimmy is holding my hand tightly in her lap. 

And then it starts.

The film Kimmy and I submitted.

*****

It starts with us outside next to a rock wall. Kimmy is dressed in tiny athletic shorts and a spaghetti strap top. Her long, black hair is back in a single, thick braid. I am next to her in a light tank top and gym shorts. It is a sunny day out and no one else is around. There are crash pads on the ground and it looks like a typical bouldering scene. There is a music track playing rhythmically over the film.

Kimmy begins to climb and I am behind her, spotting. As she climbs, the camera focuses in on her toned and tanned legs and arms. She lithely climbs up the wall causing her body to bend gracefully. The shot shows me right below her now. It cuts to my view, up close to her round ass in those thin athletic shorts. She reaches wide with her leg for a foothold and a gap between her leg and shorts opens up, making her little pink pussy visible from below. She isn't wearing any underwear. The camera focuses on this reveal, trying to get the best view of her slit as I would be from below. Kimmy leans forward, causing her tight ass to strain the fabric of the shorts. She continues climbing up the overhang, now hanging upside down. The camera can now look straight down her top where her breasts make two perfect, little mounds. As she struggles with the climb, the small cotton top shifts causing brief glimpses of her dark nipples, tantalizing the camera. Eventually she falls and I catch her, both of us laughing.

Now it's my turn to climb. I return to the wall and Kimmy prepares to spot me. I start to climb and the shot focuses on my arms and shoulders. It looks back at Kimmy and she is biting her lip while staring at me. My back and arms are flexing with the exertion. As I climb above her, she looks up at me. The camera cuts to her view, where now she can see up my shorts to my semi-hard cock. The camera turns to her where she is getting visibly turned on. Eventually I drop from the wall and turn to her. She is smiling at me and then reaches up to kiss me. She steps back and pulls her top off, revealing her perky tits. She pulls off my tank top and then drops to her knees. With one quick jerk, she pulls my shorts down, allowing my cock to spring up. She begins caressing it in her hands and looks up at me. While still looking up at my face, she guides my hard cock into her mouth. The camera focuses in on her face as her head moves back and forth on my cock. Her tongue is swirling around the head of my cock, occasionally breaking free of the seal of her lips. The shot changes to a wider view of Kimmy on her knees wearing just those tight shorts and climbing shoes while I am pretty much naked in front of her, guiding her head back and forth along my shaft. 

Eventually I pull Kimmy to her feet and yank her shorts down. I wrap my arms just under her ass and lift her clear off of the ground. I carry her over to the wall where there is a small ledge about four feet off the ground. I sit her naked body on the ledge and spread her legs wide. She drapes her legs over my shoulders and I lift her up, she reaches up to stabilize herself against the overhang above. The camera zooms in on me starting to eat her pussy which is resting just inches from my face. My tongue is reaching deep inside of her and the moisture from her pussy is reflecting the sunlight. I am licking and sucking her clit voraciously. The shot focuses on Kimmy's face; her eyes are closed and her mouth is open, breathing heavily. The scene widens and I am standing naked in an open area with Kimmy naked and mounted on my shoulders, holding on to the overhang, moaning and gyrating. My hands are holding her up while squeezing her ass and pulling her pussy closer in to my face. The scene carries on until Kimmy's body starts heaving and finally she shudders in a long, powerful orgasm. 

I lower her down and drop her on the crash pad. She is on her stomach, still breathing deeply as I kneel down in front of her. She sees my cock and opens her mouth to accept me. I move forward and she begins sucking my cock again. The scene widens to see Kimmy's beautiful body spread out on the pad. She is glistening with sweat and her skin looks golden in the sunlight. The camera slowly moves up her thighs, to her perfectly round butt, up her flawless back, to the braid hanging down her shoulder, and her lips locked around my cock. 

Kimmy then gets up and pushes me down on my back onto the pad. She spits on my cock and jerks it a few times before straddling me. She slowly lowers her body, guiding the head of my penis towards her pussy. Slowly, my cock spreads her pussy lips apart as she impales herself on me. The camera is focused so closely on me penetrating her. Finally she has taken my whole length inside of her and begins gyrating her hips. We then see a wide shot of us fucking on the crash pads. The camera pans around, highlighting how we are all alone, but out in the open. Kimmy begins riding me faster and faster, seemingly to the beat of the music, her hands braced against my chest. Suddenly she climbs off of me and leans down to take my cock in her mouth while jerking me vigorously. The camera focuses on her face as spurts of cum shoot out of me, covering her face, lips, nose, and even her dark braid. She is smiling as my orgasm subsides and she is left with my cock in her hands and strings of cum hanging from her face. She licks her lips, catching some cum in her mouth and the scene fades.

*****

People begin clapping. I like to think more than for many other videos, but perhaps not. I realize I have been riveted to the film on the giant screen and turn to Kimmy sitting next to me for the first time in several minutes. She is visibly turned on. Her mouth is open and she is breathing deeply. My hand in her lap can feel heat radiating through the crotch of her jeans. 

I, myself, am rock hard after experiencing an auditorium of people watching me and Kimmy fuck on screen. I barely register the other films that follow. I'm thinking about whether people nearby realize that was us on screen or if people will recognize us when the house lights come back on and we begin to leave the theater. Eventually my adrenaline subsides and I enjoy a video of three couples playing some kind of party sex game involving cards and swapping partners. I am so desperate to get home and fuck Kimmy senseless when we relive our thrilling night together. 

The final film ends and the lights come on. Kimmy nearly jumps out of her seat, dragging me behind her, trying to reach the exit before the crowd gets too big to move. We leave the theater and begin the walk home at a brisk pace. We've made it maybe three blocks when Kimmy stops and pulls me into a dark doorway.

"Fuck this, I can't wait any longer," she says. She pulls my face to hers and sticks her tongue in my mouth. At the same time, she is frantically undoing my belt and jeans. This is very brazen as we are on a public city street, just a step or two off of the sidewalk. Luckily, it is late and the streetlights are not too bright in this neighborhood. Besides, I'm incredibly turned on and not about to say no to a blowjob. Kimmy pulls down the zipper of my jeans and drops down as she pulls my pants and underwear to my knees. She immediately inhales my cock and starts sucking like she is starving for my cum. I brace myself against the doorway, trying to keep from coming immediately as Kimmy blows me right out in public. 

Suddenly we hear footsteps on the pavement and quickly try to retreat deeper into the doorway, but in our haste, we didn't pick a very secluded spot. A young couple approaches and sees us as we try to get ourselves together.

"Whoa, didn't mean to interrupt," says the guy. "I'm not looking to cock-block, dude."

The woman, who is a very pretty blonde, about 30 years old looks closely at us. "Hey, didn't we just see your film at SexFest?"

I couldn't tell if we should be more or less embarrassed by the fact that this couple caught us fooling around after watching our porn. Kimmy and I were both nervously laughing while trying to think of the proper response.

"Don't worry, you guys. We know exactly how you feel. We can hardly wait to get home either."

That's when I realize that I recognize the couple. They were in the film with the three couples and sex card game. I particularly remember watching the blonde sucking her partner's cock while another guy fucked her from behind. This does nothing to diminish my erection.

After I get my belt buckled and Kimmy wipes the saliva from her chin, they introduce themselves as Will and Janet and we introduce ourselves. They tell us they really enjoyed our film and are glad they have a chance to meet us. They say they lived just around the corner and invite us up for drinks.

"We're hosting a bit of an after party with our fellow...cast members," Janet says while trying to suppress a giggle. Kimmy and I are both intrigued and excited and heartily agree to join them. On the walk over they tell us this was the third time they've submitted a film to SexFest, second time it was accepted and featured. 

"We make maybe a dozen movies a year," says Will. "Not always with other people. Sometimes with just Janet playing with herself. Those are my favorite to shoot." They seem so comfortable talking about their sex lives with complete strangers, though I guess we sort of opened the door with our sidewalk shenanigans. 

Will stops at a row house and unlocks the door. There is already another couple inside drinking wine and laughing. Will and Janet introduce us to Kevin and Anna. It doesn't take long for Anna to say, "Wait, are you the rock climbing couple?" Apparently they were also at the film festival. Kimmy and I are blushing quite a bit, but acknowledge it was us. I recognize Kevin and Anna from the same movie as Will and Janet. Anna had a particularly memorable scene where she was getting fucked in the ass by another man who ended up cumming on her back. 

As we stayed a while and had a few drinks, Kimmy and I began to feel more comfortable. I am feeling pretty excited being in a room with so many people I had seen naked and had seen me naked. Kimmy is even more of an exhibitionist than me, so I can only imagine she is even more turned on. We sneak glances at each other and are able to read each other's arousal. 

"Who is up for some party games?!" announces Janet. A general cheer arises from the group. Kimmy and I sit at a table while Will brings out some cards and dice. Janet runs down the rules:

"Standard strip poker, 5 card stud. Aces are wild. The loser each round has to remove an article of clothing. Once you are all out of clothing, role these dice and do whatever it says to the winner. If you don't feel comfortable doing something with someone of the same sex, you can get your partner to do it or take it for you. Sound good?" The dice she indicates are two 6-sided dice. One has verbs like 'suck', 'lick', 'rub', 'kiss', 'touch', and 'blow'. The other die has body parts like 'lips', 'chest', 'legs', 'back', 'butt', and 'genitals'. Kimmy and I have a silent consultation and both agree. Janet refers to this as a "starter game" for those of us less familiar. 

Without further ado, Will deals out 5 cards to each person and Kimmy and I take a deep breath. My hand is so-so. I had a pair of 5's to start. I asked for three new cards and pull an ace. I felt this was good enough not to lose; I don't really want to go first. Hands are shown: Kimmy had two kings and is spared from losing as well. Will wins with a full house and Janet loses with a jack high. She gives a fake pout, but then immediately takes off her shirt showing her large tits held in place with a lacy, blue bra. 

Several rounds pass. I lost my shirt, undershirt, and socks. Kimmy has lost her socks and pants. Will is doing well with only his shirt gone. Janet is in her bra and panties. Kevin is in the most dire straits with just his boxers left and Anna is in the same boat as Janet. I take stock of who we were playing with: Janet is a full figured, blonde woman. Her lace underwear is really showing her curves well and she frequently leans forward, holding her cards close, causing her cleavage to plunge to wonderful depths. Will is tall and lean with sandy blonde hair. He was sitting next to Kimmy and I saw her steal glances at his body from time to time. Kevin is black haired and bigger, maybe a weight lifter. He has a little extra weight, but I wouldn't say he is fat. Anna is petite, like Kimmy. She has short cropped brown hair and often sits with her legs curled in the chair under her. All in all, a very attractive group. 

The next hand Anna loses. Time for our first taste of real nudity. The group hoots and howls as she undoes her bra and lets it slide off her shoulders. She has small, perky tits with small, erect, pink nipples. She isn't the least bit self conscious and I can see why. I have to try to not allow my staring turn into leering. 

The next hand, Kevin loses. The girls start cat-calling as Kevin stands up and pushes his chair back. 

"Let me have the honors," Janet says. She slowly pulls down Kevin's boxers, releasing his erect cock. He is very large and completely clean shaven. Janet gives his cock and quick squeeze and laughs uproariously. 

A few more rounds pass. Kevin, me, Anna, and Janet are all naked. Kimmy still has her panties on and Will is down to his boxers. They are getting pretty competitive about who would be the last one clothed. Unfortunately for them, the rivalry is put on hold when Anna loses to Janet. 

"Time for the dice!" calls Kevin. Anna picks up the dice and gives them a role: Lick - legs. "I'm going to pass this off to my partner," declared Anna. Kevin isn't arguing. Giggling, Janet pushes her chair back from the table and Kevin sinks down to the floor between her legs. He starts running his tongue up the insides of her thighs. Janet jumps a little when she feels tickled, but manages to stay put. Kevin is moving higher and higher, approaching Janet's bare pussy (and it is completely bare). After a minute of this, Kevin resumes his seat and everyone gives a round of applause.

Kimmy finally loses a hand. I feet a thrill realizing she will be completely naked in front of this whole room of people. Somehow it felt even more exciting than when I had to get naked. Kimmy lifts her hips off the chair and pulls her panties down. She then lifts her legs in the air to pull them all the way off. This gives the table a very clear view of her small pussy and ass. She isn't shaved and has a small tuft of black hair above her pussy. 

The next hand I win and Janet loses. She rolls the dice: Kiss-genitals. NICE! Everyone gives a cheer, happy to see the game reaching the next level. Janet stands up and walks over to my chair. Her full hips are swinging back and forth as she slowly walks over. She comes over to my right side and bends over at the hip. She takes my cock in her hand and slowly leans over and plants a wet kiss on the tip of the head of my cock. She leans in further to kiss down my shaft and onto my balls. I looked over at Kimmy. She is watching intently and her hand has sunk down between her legs. She doesn't see me looking at her because her eyes are riveted to Janet kissing my cock. A few times I think Janet moved into the "lick" realm, but I'm not complaining. Eventually she stops and everyone gives a few catcalls. 

Will is eventually declothed and we have some instances of 'blow-back' and 'rub-lips'. Eventually Kimmy loses a hand to Janet and has to roll the dice. She rolls rub-genitals. Janet thinks about it for a moment and even walks over to Kimmy. At the last moment, she says she is going to pass it off to her partner. Kimmy seems excited by that development and moves her chair closer to Will's. She reaches over and wraps her hand around Will's cock. She starts jerking it up and down slowly. Janet, who is standing next to me leans into my ear and says, "Do you like watching your girlfriend rubbing my boyfriend's cock?" I nod, and I do. Kimmy leans over and spits on Will's cock to add lubrication. She starts speeding up and reaches over with her other hand to rub his balls. Eventually Will calls a stop, saying he doesn't want to cum so early in the game. 
