 I've always been fascinated by group sex. There are so many elements to excite anyone with even an average libido that I'm surprised threesomes and swapping are not more common. Nina Hartley said the first time she entered a roomful of shagging people she "just knew" that was where she belonged. I have the same attitude.

Committed exclusivity is the norm. That's a fact., and will always be the fact. Why? Because along with the "average libido" the average person also comes with an average dose of emotional insecurity and for most occasions the fear of insecurity trumps the libido

The dream of exploring a variety of experiences with others, dazzlingly seductive, becomes the forbidden fruit.. Does it have to be that way? I can't remember a day that I thought so

The issue, let me rationalize, generalize, pontificate all in one, is all about trust. If you see your partner having sex with another then is there a queasy feeling of emotional free-fall and chaos? Or the feeling that all emotional feet are still ground anchored? Is there the belief that suddenly the spouses have entered into a world of divided loyalties and compromised emotions? Or the feeling of sharing a unique and very good time?

Perhaps a personal experience here makes a good example. My first marriage was a swinging one, and it ended in divorce. We swapped together, which didn't create problems for either of us.. In fact, we always shared very positive experiences, but when I learned that in other areas she had lied, cheated and couldn't be trusted our relationship evaporated like dew in a summer sun..

I don't blame anyone for divorcing their spouse for infidelity. Everyone should expect absolute trust in the most important relationship of their lives, but a couple agreeing to share a sexual experience with another couple or single is not infidelity, in my unwritten codex anyway.

What's that old debating guideline? Never set out todefeat your opponent but get them to acknowledge the correctness of the facts. Who will ever persuade anyone to change their mind about anything? 

At least with Sue, , my little points brought her to an open-mindedness about relationships she had never imagined. That was a little over 7 years ago.

We met over the internet and I.M.ed over a few months.  She never exhibited any of the self-pity that single women in their forties tend to project, just the opposite, she was as vivacious and confident as a 25 year old woman. There were never any of those banal questions to help her calculate my "hubby quotient", just the opposite again, she emphasized that fun was the priority. We shared the same sensibility on issues, and we loved our careers..

We started dating and in short order sacked, and the relationship kept growing from there. 

I talked truthfully about my previous experiences with threesomes and she knew I was an enthusiast. She never turned confessor about her own past. I didn't care. Why ask? If it's interesting then it's likely every woman will lie for fear of losing respect. If it's average, then who needs to know?

She was intrigued by my stories. Had she ever fantasized about a threesome? Having sex with a woman? Yes and yes. I knew she had "player potential" otherwise I couldn't have been as fascinated by her. Very, very interested for sure, but not fascinated. Remember the opening line, "I've always been fascinated by group sex.".

We decided as a couple that we would be open to all new experiences and always chose to put one foot forward rather than stand still or step backward and that included the idea of swinging.

I had never been involved with organized sex play. Everything before happened in a serendipitous way from circumstances with whatever other chemistries were ambient. I was curious about the clubs and the off/on premise gatherings. What a great way to target your demographic!.  No pressure, meeting people with a similar interest, Sue said, "Let's check it out."

We contacted a hosting couple and agreed to join the next meet. The intention was for fun only. All about talking, socializing , dancing and having a good time with whomever we met. Our mutual backgrounds in marketing probably made walking into a new experience a little easier than for most. 

Although an off premise club, over the phone the owner mentioned as the night wore on people's normal behavior as well as their clothing became less and less a constraint. Sometimes the "off premise rule" would become a little blurred. 

"Oh, like what?" I asked.

There was no chance we would be offended, but I felt I a sudden and tremendous need for some clarity on this topic..

"In the corner booths there's the discreet hand job or even more discreet blow job. If it's too obvious we don't ask anyone to stop, just to tone it down. On the dance floor there's a lot of kissing and breast play, between the ladies, that is, and then again there's the curtain in the back." 

Clearly, the owner was picturing some fond memories.

Would that be a problem for us? Not, in the least, for me.

I told Sue what the owner had said. Would she have a problem?

"This just sounds more and more interesting as we go along." she answered.

I took her by the hand and we went to the bedroom for a long, hot 69 session made a bit more spicy knowing that the huge possibility for some great sexual adventure was waiting in our future. 

Our "club night out" day rolled around and we were more than ready.  

Sue chose a modest and sexy look. A just above the knee pleated black skirt and a 1/2 sleeved knit top that was tight across her breasts, leaving no doubt about their size or shapeliness. Her nipples were either barely visible or prominent depending on their state of arousal; that's how tight her top was. Her hair was pulled back with some tasteful jewelry accents. Just a trim, fit, neat, sexy, attractive, youthful, middle aged woman going out to a swing club with her boyfriend. God! I felt lucky..

I won't comment on myself. Let's just say all men are boring relative to women.

The door lady, a.k.a. "the owner's wife Grace" checked our names off the guest list and called over her husband.  All of us shook hands. We beamed, they beamed, all beamed together. The welcome was overwhelmingly positive. We were assured, put at ease, and very impressed with the confident, outgoing, warm and rare level of friendliness.

Inside were about 35 to 45 couples dispersed about the room. Dave, the owner said about 60 were on the list and some regulars would probably stop by as well. All together the place was good for 100 ++. If a body couldn't meet a body among 200 others, then what conclusions could there be?

"Don't ask what percent or who swings." He said in an unchallenging way, "It's never about last night or the last time or even if there was one.. Everyone here is about tonight." He went on answering all the questions he had heard before in an equally entertaining and engaging way, until we reached tour's end at the bar.

Finally, I had a chance to appraise the real estate. The space was rectangular divided into two dance floor areas. The contour of booths, tables partitions and plants gave the impression of space and enclosure at the same time .

In front, at each corner were bar areas, self serve and a tended bar for specialty drinks and between them going out almost to the main floor was a stage for pole dancing. The front dance floor was circular, and to the back, at the opposite end, was a another almost oval shaped dance floor which ended at the back in black segmented curtains shaped as narrow columns.. 

The lighting was subdued darkening to zero at the black backdrop.. The effect gave the feeling that the front was public and the back was private and casual; perhaps like a sleazier side of town though with the pole-dancing stage in front who could say anything about sleazy? 

Maybe the back end was more romantic: like a lover's lane at the edge of town. 

A lot of thought went into the design and the effect was excellent. The place had good feng shui.

We ordered mixed drinks and my eyes were caught by a sexy woman at the bar in a backless cocktail dress, the front tied up behind her neck and the side of her breast was exposed. The subliminal, "Wow,Wow,Wow" was just fading from my mind when she spoke up with a cheery,

"Hi ya, I'm Kay and this is Eric." 

Another round of introductions followed and I started a conversation on all the good impressions we had had thus far.

."Oh, this place is awesome.": Kay said, "We've been coming here a couple years and always have fun times, the people are great, just great."

I noticed that Kay's eyes would frequently move down to Sue's breasts and gaze at them with obvious appreciation and a big smile. .We smiled at her smiling and Sue just positioned herself so Kay could gawk all she wanted. Sue's nipples perked up against the fabric; I thought Kay would start drooling.

Erotic undercurrents were starting. to swirl about, especially an undeniable attraction between Sue and Kay. Things were happening quickly but within our comfort zone. I had always imagined that our first erotic encounter would be with another guy; but what was developing here was a not unwelcome surprise.

Kay and Eric lived a distance inland. Kay was chief nurse at a hospital which explained a lot about her personality. Eric was a business owner. At least once a month they would take a hotel room on the coast to spend a weekend enjoying the sea and beaches and stop in at the club for a dose of the "party hearty" cure.

While starting our second round Kay suggested we grab a booth. Not willing to fight the voice of experience we walked to the back dance floor Kay leading the way with her arm around Sue. Kay and Eric greeted a number of couples.

Kay brought us up to speed on the club. The d.j. also handled the lights and did a great job of matching the music and lights to the mood and action. He came on duty at 9 and the party would start coming around near 11 and reach full tilt after 12. 

The curtains in the back were actually make out areas if a couple, threesome or foursome wanted some privacy for more intimate fondling. After 10 the d.j. would specify ladies dances when women would be encouraged to dance with each other.

"Sue, you'll let me punch your dance card, won't you?"

"How could a girl say no?" Sue smiled.

At 9 the light show and music began and couples started dancing. I was aching to talk with Sue about what was going on and where this feeling between her and Kay might be leading.

On the dance floor I told Sue that Kay looked at her tits like I do. That Kay, to my mind, was a bi-huntress and tonight Sue was her prey. That's not a problem with me if you want to go for it, I added. 

Sue shared that she had never flirted with a woman before and found it fun and a big turn on.

"Let's just see what happens." and Sue left it at that.

Kay and Eric danced over and we swapped partners. Being close to Kay was like taking a warm bath in charm and vivacity. Some women can crank up that feminine magic.

"I was just talking to Eric about how lucky we were to meet you guys tonight. We really wanted to relax and have a good time and you and Sue are making that happen. Sue's really special, your a lucky guy."

"I know how to count my blessings." I replied.

"Maybe I'm a little forward but do you guys swing or are you here just to party?"

"We don't know yet. We have all sorts of ideas, but we're going to see what happens."    "I think Sue is really attractive."

"I could guess that. We both noticed you checking out her boobs."

"Oh damn?" she got a cute, pouty look,"I hate to be so obvious to everyone, like some little kid, I couldn't stop myself, Sue has a great chest, and I felt myself connecting with her.."

"I think she's working on the same feeling" then I joked," I'd advise you not to be shy but I don't think that word is in your vocabulary." We shared a laugh together and made our way back to the table.

It was around 10 and there were more than 60 couples. The front dance floor was packed and a very attractive woman was on the stage. Couples were dancing with other couples and women were dancing together. The d.j. was working up the crowd and announced a ladies dance coming up. The song ended and the lights went down.

Grace's voice came on "The next two tunes are for our special ladies out there to get together with another special lady.. I'll be out there with you so let's enjoy." Grace put down the mike and led a good looking gal to the center of the main dance floor; numerous other women followed.  Kay held out her hand to Sue.

"Come on Sue, let's show the boys how to dance." 

Kay took Sue in her arms and began a slow cheek to cheek dance. Eric and I watched from the table.

"God how Kay loves women." Eric said, "I remember when I asked her to marry me she said, 'I love you and want to marry you but please don't ask me to give up my girls.' No problem I told her. At our wedding 2 of her bridesmaids were also her lovers. Is Sue open to that kind of thing?"

"I haven't seen her putting up much resistance yet." I answered We chuckled and turned our attention back to the dance floor. 

Lots of women were dancing closely and intimately. Across the room I saw Kay nibbling on Sue's ear and then her long tongue, and I mean a really long tongue, began to swirl around the folds inside until it had found the center. Sue squirmed a bit under assault then Kay took a sharp bite from the top of the ear..

They looked each other eye to eye and Kay moved in to put many light kisses on Sue's mouth, but Sue wanted more. She opened her mouth to Kay's lips and tongue and experienced her first ever girl/girl kiss.

The choice of a booth made sense to me now. Had I been in a chair I would have fallen out of it.

"Yup!" Eric chimed in, "Not much resistance at all." 

Their necking session garnered little attention. Most of the women dancing were kissing, groping and grinding. The second tune ended but a number of voices from the dance floor, Kay's among them, called for more The d.j. put on another slow tune and turned down the lights even more. 

Two attractive women walked by our table and disappeared behind the folds of a curtained column.

"You might be surprised at all the things that go on in there." Eric said, "You can imagine.".

The dance over the girls came back to the table. Sue had an unmistakable grin running up one side of her mouth. She moved in next to me.

"Eric, you'd better come out here with me. Sue has really made me hot and I need to dance." Eric obliged.

Sue and I talked. I said we had watched her making out and that Eric had confirmed that Kay was crazy about girls. I told her about the bridesmaids.

"I would never have thought I could be so turned on by a woman. It's such a surprise to me!. It's so unbelievable!. Kay wants to take me behind a curtain next ladies dance."

I thought I'd save Sue the trouble of asking for my consent, so I said, "That sounds great. Go for it!"

"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you." Sue said  I felt like a hero. 

At 11 the place was really hopping. Two girls were on the stage flirt dancing with each other. One was topless.

There were lots of hands on boobs and butts, thigh grinding, and sexy dancing. Couples and small groups of people made their way to the columns.  This was definitely my kind of place.

The next ladies dance was on again and Kay and Sue were on the dance floor about a minute before disappearing behind a curtain.

"I don't know what's going to happen back there but Kay will do whatever Sue will let her get away with." Eric said, "We're a soft swing couple and get together with others so Kay can love women although with the right people we can be very oral. If you and Sue would like to party on at our hotel we'd love to have you join us."

Three songs went by and finally Sue and Kay came back to the table with their arms around the other's waist.. They were so comfortable and into each other. Sue had changed. She was letting all see that she loved women.

Eric and Kay danced. I talked with Sue again. I wanted an instant debriefing about the goings on behind the fabled curtained columns.

"In short it went like this. We kissed and kissed and kissed. Her tongue is amazing. She pulled my top up and I pulled her top down. We sucked each others boobies. Then Kay got to third base and then so did I. How we stopped ourselves from going on I have no idea."

"Did Kay say anything about going back to their hotel tonight?"

Sue had heard the same story and the same terms. Action would likely only be between the women. She couldn't think of a reason why not and neither could I, when Eric and Kay came back we told them our decision. 

"Oh! How great." Kay said, "Toinight Sue, we are going to have a great time." 

We pulled up to a seaside resort. Getting out of the car I suddenly felt a fabulous sense of well-being. The sea breeze, the sound of waves the moon above. I asked Eric if we should take a room, and he invited us to stay the weekend because the place worked on them as it worked on me

We booked a room and then went upstairs. The room looked onto the ocean. We got some drinks and walked onto the lanai. Kay snuggled Sue. Kay held Sue's face in her hands kissing her with that darting tongue. Sue's hands pushed away the sides of Kay's dress and played with her breasts. 

They were under each other's spell and in a dreamy way walked back into the room. They stopped at the end of the bed and began kissing again. Kay's hand went under Sue's top and I could see her tweezing her nipples. 

Both women moaned in appreciation of the pleasure they gave each other. Kay pulled up Sue's top above her breasts, gently sat her down at the end of the bed, then kneeled between her legs and with wet slurps worked on Sue's tits.

Eric and I stood watching.

"Now you guys sit down and relax." Kay directed, "Watch while I make love with this beautiful woman. Ruff!"  she gave a little poodle-like bark, showing us her tongue lapping up and down.

"Ruff" everyone laughed at Kay's happy enthusiasm. Sue smiled at me, and that was the last time either of them paid any attention to the guys until their lovemaking was over.

Kay went back to her slurry titty kisses then pulled off Sue's top and pushed her back on the bed. She untied her top and let it fall. The girls were now making out bare tit to bare tit and grinding their pussies on the other's leg..

Eric got up and turned off the overhead lights and dimmed the bedside lamp, the girls were visible under a sexy soft light.

Kay took the lead as her hand entered Sue's panties. She pulled off Sue's dress and panties and stripped herself as quickly. Kay pressed her nakedness onto Sue's body and then began kissing down her body to her toes and up again to her pussy.

I have seen women eat pussy before and they always add a certain extra something that a man can't match. It's one of life's little mysteries that I often think about. 

Sue's reaction was explosive, she gasped and groaned aloud, lifting her feet up to her butt and moving her hips against Kay's mouth. She grabbed Kay's head in both hands. Kay made swipes down to Sue's anus and I could imagine that tongue working her little hole then added some fingers to the loving and worked Sue to a huge orgasm.

After Sue had relaxed, Kay came up and kissed her then positioned her diagonally across the bed. She opened up Sue's leg and scissored her own between them. Pussy against pussy, Kay ground away for her own pleasure and Sue also was re-aroused by the new sensations.

After Kay came the ladies once again became aware they were not alone. Eric and I applauded softly with "Beautiful" "Bravo" "Encore".

Eric got up and said, "Excuse me Sue but I think I'm going to fuck my wife." He stripped quickly and had Kay sit up against the headboard. He straddled her and brought his cock to her face. Kay reached in the night table and pulled out a bottle of oil, coating her hands and rubbing it all over his cock..
