 It was a long three-day weekend during the spring quarter of my third year at U---. My then-boyfriend Bryon and I planned to visit our good friend Paul in Las Vegas. Paul had just moved there from S. D. because of his work and was feeling homesick and missing friends so he invited us to spend a long weekend with him. His new home was in a new development outside of the strip, fortunately, and not too far from Mt. Williamson. When Bryon and I arrived at his place, Paul greeted us warmly, already two cold beers in his hands for us. 

"Thanks for making the drive up, I know it can be quite boring." Paul said, as he gave me quick peck on the lips.

"It's not that bad," I replied with a mischievous grin, "we managed to make it interesting." Bryon glanced at me quickly since he very well knew I was referring to stroking and sucking his cock during the drive (he had resisted because of the obvious risk at first but I convinced him that we would just have to pull over whenever he's ready to shoot his cum on me). Paul didn't miss a beat. "Oh, really?" he said with a smile as he glanced down at my legs.

"Where's Laurel?" Bryon asked. 

"She's visiting her folks is Arizona," Paul replied, "and she took the dogs with her, so we'll have some peace and quiet." 

Paul and Laurel have been living together for only a few months and he's still adjusting to the rather large dogs in his new home. I was somewhat glad at hearing she wasn't home, I hate to admit, but I always had a really big crush on Paul, and we would often flirt around each other—it just made it easier when his girlfriend wasn't around. Bryon never seemed to mind the flirting, he was always glad that I got along with most of his friends even though they were much older than I am.

"Feel free to take a look around while I fix us some grub," he said as he headed towards his kitchen. Bryon and I walked out to the backyard to check out the pool and the nicely done landscaping. Bryon was getting really into looking at the plants and the cactus garden, and I wanted to get back inside and out of the sun. "I'll go help Paul in the kitchen," I offered. 

Paul had his back turned from me when I walked into the kitchen, busy chopping away. I briefly rubbed his lower back and offered to help. "I'm fine, thanks," he assured me. "Would you like another drink?" he asked. I walked towards the fridge to help myself. When I bent over to reach for a beer, he looked back and said, "You look great, nice color." "Thanks," I said as I walked towards him and leaned on my elbows on the kitchen counter next to him. He took a long look at my legs, my short shorts exposing a little of my tight ass. "Hmmm, what a view." Paul didn't waste anytime to begin flirting with me, and I of course wasn't going to stop him. "You looked great, too." I took a sip of my drink, brushed his arm lightly with my fingers and licked my lower lips while looking at him. We continued the friendly flirting just like we always did. 

I find Paul sensual without being sleazy, and really enjoyed his flirtations. Bryon's other friends have flirted with me in the past, but there's something about Paul that always left me excited (and wet) talking to him and I sought it out willfully. I think for him, it was completely natural. He always openly flirted with me in front of Bryon, and didn't feel like he had anything to hide. There had been a couple of occasions, however, when he would tell me, when Bryon wasn't around, that I should call him whenever I feel like trying someone "new". I never had the courage to during those times.

Bryon came in to the kitchen, and all three of us carried our drinks and food to the pool-side table. After I finished mine, I asked Paul if I could use one of the bedrooms to change into a swimsuit. He stood up and led me to a guest bedroom upstairs. He left me briefly to get me a towel from a hallway closet, and when he returned, I was in the middle of putting on my string top. "Sorry," he muttered. "It's okay, can you please tie this up for me?" I said, although I did not really need any help; I just did not want him to leave too quickly. He took his time tying my top behind me. I was pulling my long dark hair up in a pony tail and he was breathing close to my neck and said, "You smell really nice." …………

I stretched out on the sun chaise as the two of them continued catching up. I was beginning to feel wetness between my legs as I laid there fantasizing about the two of them having their way with me. The thought of two older and more experienced men spurting cum on me at the same time made my pussy throb. I could tell both Paul and Bryon kept their eyes on my slender body the whole time. Feeling hot (and I wanted to give the both of them something to keep looking at), I got in the pool to cool down briefly, and as I emerged out of the water, both of them had stopped talking and gazed directly at my wet, dripping figure. I didn't bother to dry myself with a towel as I sat down on the lounge chair. Bryon got up to move next to me, picked up the towel and proceeded to rub my legs with it. Paul was watching the whole time. I glanced at him and saw his cock pressing hard against his shorts. Bryon's long bulge in his shorts grew while rubbing his hands on my legs. 

"That feels nice," I said as I leaned over to kiss Bryon full on the lips. 

I knew that Paul would not feel uncomfortable and I wanted him to keep watching. To my surprise, Bryon responded to my hot kisses although his friend was watching. Paul muttered softly, "You two look really hot," his right hand straightening his hardening cock in his shorts. When I realized that Bryon didn't seem to mind, I reached in between his legs to trace the outline of his long cock with my fingers. I sat up straight up on the chaise and shifted my legs apart. Paul looked a little unsure of what he should do, and started to get up, but I told him it was ok for him to stay. Bryon realized what was happening, and for all the years I've known him, I've never seen him so eager and hard, quivering almost when I asked him to stand up in front of me. Paul moved over to sit on the chair next to me so he could get a better look. Bryon was taller and leaner than Paul, and his cock was about seven inches long, and very straight. I pulled his cock out of his shorts so I could stroke him. I kept my fingers firm around his cock as I stroked up and down. He closed his eyes and moaned softly, letting my hands stroke him steady. Paul was really getting into it when I looked at him, looking at me as I stroke Bryon's cock with my long slender fingers. 

It felt natural to lower my lips onto Bryon's cock, wrap my lips tightly around just below the head, and look lustfully at Paul. I sucked Bryon slow but hard at first—I wanted for Paul to really enjoy watching me suck hard on Bryon's cock. Bryon had spurted only a little on me during the drive up, so the thought of a chance for me to get his real hot and desperate load of cum while his friend Paul watched only made me more hungry for getting my mouthful. 

My mouth moved up and down in a steady rhythm on Bryon's cock. I looked at him as I let my lips glide down the smooth skin of his cock. 

"You have such a hot mouth, I can't wait to have your lips wrap around mine," Paul muttered as he watched my full lips suck Bryon's cock.

It seemed to me that Bryon's cock grew even harder in my mouth when he heard what Paul said. I moaned long and softly with the tip of his cock touching the back of my throat…eager to let him know I was feeling extremely hot and wet. I reached down with my left hand and rubbed my soft cunt lips lightly. I felt a spasm when Paul reached over and touched my nipples with the back of his hand, his eyes focused on my full lips around Bryon's glistening cock. Paul stroked his thick shaft as he continued to speak lustfully, his one hand busy caressing my small firm breasts. I was feeling almost dizzy as I continued to suck faster on Bryon's cock head, with my long fingers stroking up and down his wet shaft, my other hand rubbing my clit through my bikini. Paul's hot tongue surprised my hardened nipples, as he leaned over to suck my tanned breasts. 

Bryon looked down at me and said, "Let's take that off," as he pulled me up and off the chaise, making sure his hard cock stayed in my mouth by holding me up by the back of my head so I could keep sucking like a hungry babe. 

I felt a powerful wave of pleasure when I heard Bryon demand to take off what little I have on. To my pleasure, Paul moved behind me and sat on the chaise and he immediately pulled my bikini down, his face only inches from my soaking wet slit. He could no longer resist the cleanly shaven opening of my cunt, so he spread my cheeks and lapped his tongue from the tip of my clit all the way to my puckered rim. I softly moaned with Bryon's cock still in my mouth—Paul's hot tongue now deep inside my cunt, moving back and forth, at the same time stroking his completely hard cock. Paul teased my swollen clit, flicking it with the tip of his tongue, and then sucking it lightly. The throbbing rhythm of Paul's tongue on my cunt, combined with the deep thrusting of Bryon's hard shaft deep in the back of my throat made me spasm once more. I could feel more cunt juice drip down Paul's chin and between my legs. 

Bryon must have felt so excited seeing Paul tongue-fucking my tight cunt, that he suddenly pulled his hard cock out of my mouth, and declared it was his turn. He grabbed a cushion from a nearby sun-chair, turned me around so I could kneel on the ground and face Paul's stiff tower of a cock as he leaned back on his elbows on the chaise. With a quick thrust of Bryon's hard pole in my small, tight and wet cunt, I lowered my mouth onto Paul's waiting cock, and let my full lips slide up and down his nice cock. Paul cock was almost as long as Bryon's, but much bigger around. I sucked him even more lustfully as I thought of the fantasies I've had about getting his hot cum spurt hard on my face. Paul's thick cock really stretched the corners of my mouth, and all I could do was moan lustfully as Bryon began to fuck me faster. I jerked off Paul's big cock with my hand, as I begged for Bryon to fuck me harder and faster. 

"Yesss… that's it…fuck me faster… please…," I moaned in between mouthfuls of Paul's pink head.

"Ohhh…..I'm going to cum all over her face," Paul muttered. 

I sucked Paul's cock harder and faster, using my lips to tighten up and down his thick cock. Paul grabbed my shoulders to rock my back and forth, as I held on to his thighs. 

Bryon's long cock kept thrusting in my wet pussy—I could feel his hardened cockhead rub on my throbbing clit as he pulled out and pushed in more forcefully. I could tell Bryon wanted to cum first: he couldn't hold back anymore as he plunged deeply into my small, tight cunt; his head tilted back in ecstasy. 

I wanted him to cum hard (as he always would when he gave me my regular morning cumshots at home), since I was on the edge of cumming, too. When Bryon kept just the tip of his cock in my wet cunt in a steady, drilling rhythm, my pussy throbbed and hugged his cock tightly, as I felt the powerful spasm deep inside me. I moaned loudly, with Paul's tight cock still full in my mouth. 

I've never cum as hard as I did before right then. Taking two hard cocks at the same time, both of them plunging in my mouth and wet slit, I couldn't hold back my deep orgasms. 

Bryon came in long, hot, ropey streams of cum as he pulled out of my throbbing cunt to finish off his cumshot on me. I looked at him directly as I sucked on Paul's hard shaft, soaking in the view of Bryon's hot ropey cum shooting on my chest and face. He let out a strong moan as he pumped four or five shots of stringy cum on me. 

Paul, who was watching the hot cum-shower I was getting, was now steadily moaning with pleasure. My cunt was pulsing with such powerful waves of a hot orgasm that I almost didn't notice that Paul had started to shoot powerful jets of cum inside my mouth. Paul pulled his glistening cock out of my mouth and stroked it steadily to cum. Paul shot his hot cum on my face, moaning loudly, "I'm gonna cum…

His cum spurts came in thick powerful jets of cum that hit my right cheek, then my lips, then inside my mouth. I was surprised with extreme pleasure at the prospect of another big cock other than Bryon's to shoot hot and wet cum on me. 

I was getting a nice, hot, cum shower from two men with really hard cocks, and I was losing control the more they covered my face with sloppy shots of cum. I was getting my face covered with thick shots of cum as I came for the third time.

That night, the two of them took turns in my hungry mouth and cunt, taking turns at fucking me and cumming on my face. Paul would lick the length of my slit and suck my clit alternately as Bryon moaned to fuck my mouth all night long: both of them spurting cum on my face three times until the morning came. 

I've sought for more hot and powerful cum-shots ever since.