 Vanessa had sent Ken an invitation to our place for 9:30 next morning, and he had almost immediately texted back saying simply "See you then!"

We went to bed and talked a little about what might happen tomorrow.

I wanted to keep Vanessa in an aroused state, but I also didn't want her (or me) to expend too much emotional energy thinking about it – a delicate balance.

Vanessa asked me what she should wear tomorrow.

I told her it was up to her, but my suggestion was that she wear tight jeans – to show off her curvy ass, and a tight top – no bra - to show off her incredible nipples. And underneath she should wear her full length pink crotchless mesh bodysuit, with cut-outs for the boobs. I also suggested high heels to finish the ensemble.

"That's a lot of clothes. Shouldn't I just wear some lingerie or something like that?" she asked.

"Well, it's just a meeting and a chat first, so I think we need to be a bit conservative. If the mood strikes, then you've got the sexy stuff underneath."

"Hmmm, OK. So how should I act – would you like me to act all slutty like a porn star?" she laughed.

"Oh, that would be great - just kidding. Nah, just be yourself babe. Ken already thinks you're hot, so it's not like you need to impress him." I replied.

"I probably need to work myself in to the mood." she said. "So, do you mind if I flirt with him, and are you OK with just watching us for a while before you join in?" she questioned.

For a second an image flashed into my mind of my wife naked, kneeling in front of Ken with her boobs hanging down and her mouth slowly sliding up and down Ken's cock. I felt my cock twitch with the thought.

This thought then morphed into my wife with her head back and her mouth open and tongue out, one hand cradling his bulging hanging cum filled balls, the other stroking Ken's huge swollen cock. He moans as he shoots ropes of cum over Vanessa's tongue and mouth, and she licks and slurps the cum off his swollen cockhead and looks at me teasingly for approval of a job well done.

Boy, it doesn't get much to get me going does it? 

I'm fully hard now, and I want to fuck her so bad, but the last thing I want to do is empty my balls now, and then not be at 100% tomorrow. No doubt Ken is saving a full load, so I push the thoughts out of my mind and tell Vanessa "It's totally up to you babe how you want to play this, and if at any point you change your mind you can still back out. Ken will understand. I've told him that you're not sure about this, and he's OK with just meeting for a chat with no guarantees. I'm OK with that too." I assured her. 

She grabs my cock, and starts stroking it, and she starts kissing me and invading my mouth with her tongue.

Occasionally I get this "Mega hard on" which is so hard and stiff it feels like it's an inch bigger and fatter – and I've got that now.

"What's got you so hard babe?" she asks. "Is it thinking of watching me suck Ken's cock, or are you looking forward to sucking him yourself?"

"I think it's a bit of both actually." I laugh in reply.

"I think I need some practice before tomorrow." she says, as she kneels on the floor and starts licking and sucking on my balls, and stroking my shaft – making deep moaning sounds as she does.

Vanessa is a talented cocksucker, but as good as it feels I can't let her blow me now, so I stop her – not easy – and tell her "Hey babe, save this mood for tomorrow when you've got two cocks to suck, and two loads to swallow!" 

She teases me by saying "I bet Ken wouldn't knock back a blowjob from me. Maybe I should call him up right now and see if he's free?" 

I know she's just teasing me so I say, "Go right ahead – I'd love to watch that." calling her bluff. I doubt she's got the guts to actually call him, and he probably can't get away anyway. He is married after all.

Next thing I know she has her phone in her hand, and she's dialling his number – or is she faking it? 

She takes the phone into the bathroom, where I can't make out clearly what is being said. I catch a few snippets like "Mike just knocked back a blowjob, and I'm feeling so horny for some cock." "I need a real man (very funny babe) to come and fuck my mouth. Are you free now?" "How long till you get here?" 

I can't hear his replies, but Vanessa comes out of the bathroom with a satisfied smirk on her face, and says, "He'll be here in about 5 minutes. His wife is out with the kids, and he's just had a shower so he's good to go." 

"Oh, great!" I say mockingly. Not really believing she's rung him at all.

"Really, He's coming. I'm not joking. He'll be here soon."

"OK, well I'm just going to lie here and watch the show – I can hardly wait."

She goes into the walk in robe and comes out shortly later wearing a see through low cut negligee, and see through crotch-less lace panties. It's her favourite outfit, and you can see everything even though it's covered - barely. Her nipples are clearly visible, and there is a lot of side boob to go with her ample cleavage. Her ass cheeks are barely covered, and her pussy lips are nicely framed by the straps of the panties. 

She lies next to me on the bed, with a smirk on her face, and I'm wondering how long she can keep up this charade when there is a light knock on the door.

FUCK! I really didn't expect this!

Vanessa practically bounds out of bed and tells me to "Stay there!" and seconds later she is leading Ken by the hand into the bedroom. 

Ken gives me a short greeting, and Vanessa says, "I believe you two cocksuckers know each other?"

This acknowledgement that Ken and I are indeed "cocksuckers," and the fact that Ken was actually the last cock I sucked before I got married excites me a little bit.

They are standing facing each other at the foot of the bed, and Vanessa has her hands on Ken's chest.

"So, tell me the truth Ken. How many times did Mike suck you off and swallow your cum."

Oh jeez, I had told Vanessa it was about 10 times – but in actual fact it was more like twenty.

I had told Ken after we met that if he ever needed servicing he could drop by before or after work, and I would be his willing "cumslut." He took me up on this offer numerous times.

"Oh about 25 times I think." Ken answers.

"Oh really!" Vanessa says surprised. "It seems then that since Mike's sucked you, you've sucked Mike, and I've sucked Mike, the only thing left is for me to suck you. And it seems like I've got some catching up to do. Mike said he's happy to just watch us for a while - aren't you babe?" she questions me.

"Um, sure." I mumble, but before they even hear the answer Ken has his hands on Vanessa's hips, pulling her groin towards his, and Vanessa's hand goes behind Ken's head and she draws his head down towards her waiting mouth.

Their kiss is long deep and sensuous, with open mouths and wet tongues sliding over each other.

Vanessa looks at me out of the corner of her eye, and I'm probably still looking a bit shocked, and she smiles and opens her mouth even wider for Kens probing tongue.

Ken still has one hand behind Vanessa's back and he's pulling her close and grinding his groin against hers, and the other hand has released Vanessa's tits from the negligee.

He admires Vanessa's tits and runs his hands gently over them, and then cups them and says "Hmmm, these are beautiful."

"Thanks." She answers.

"You're beautiful." he says, gently caressing her nipples with his thumbs as he feels the weight of her D-cups in his cupped hands.

"Are you just saying that because you want me to suck your cock and then fuck me. Because you don't have to – I'm going to suck you and fuck you anyway."

"I'm saying it because you're beautiful – fucking gorgeous in fact. Are you sure you're OK with this Mike? Watching me with your wife?"

Actually, I'm not sure I am. Having the fantasy was one thing, but seeing it really happen is another.

My emotions are churning inside, but even so my cock is rock hard.

I'm not going to just watch anyway, I'm going to join in. I'm not some pathetic dickless cuckold like I've seen on porn tubes. Guy's that watch their wives fuck, lick up the other guys cum, and don't even get a hard on. I'm going to fuck and suck Vanessa with Ken, and they are both going to suck me.

I think Vanessa is just teasing me and trying to shock me, but she's in for a few shocks of her own.

"Sure." I answer. "Keep going." 

Vanessa's face is still lit up with Ken's compliments, and she grabs one of his hands and slides it down her belly to the mound of her pussy.

His hand is palm up on her pussy mound and he is gently stroking it.

"You're wet." he observes.

Her crotch-less panties offer no resistance to what happens next, as he runs his middle finger over her wet clitoris bringing a gasp from her, and then another gasp and moan as he slowly inserts his middle finger into her vagina. 

One hand is now firmly grasping one breast, the other sliding in and out between her legs, and her head is thrown back and her mouth is gasping for air, and I can see the waves of pleasure washing over her. 

Ken takes his hand away from her pussy, and Vanessa grabs it and places the fingers in her mouth, and licks and sucks the pussy juice off them – moaning with exaggerated pleasure as she does so.

I'm a bit surprised by that, because she often balks slightly when I take my cock from her pussy to her mouth – or even when I try to kiss her after licking her pussy.

I've often told her I like my sex messy with saliva, pussy juice and cum (anything wet and slippery) but I still sense some reluctance on her behalf to fully embrace this – and now she's willingly licking her own juices off Kens fingers.

She places Ken's fingers back inside her pussy, and rocks her hips against them, trying to find the right angle and the right spot. She grabs the back of Ken's head and pulls his mouth to her breast, and Ken obliges by licking her nipple and sucking her tit deep into his mouth.

Her gasps are getting closer and she groans "I'm going to cum." and she twitches as her orgasm explodes inside her.

I love making and seeing my wife cum, but I'm watching entranced with a new perspective as I see her reacting to Ken's fingering and tit sucking, and I'm so turned on by the exhibition that she is putting on for my benefit. She knows exactly how I like my porn, and the show she is putting on is first rate. I often point out to her how much female porn stars "act" like they enjoy sex (I'm sure they do enjoy it), and how they don't just suck a guy's cock, but they make it look like it's the tastiest thing they've ever had in their mouth. I enjoy seeing women totally surrender their bodies and mouths to the guy's pleasure, and Vanessa does her best with me, but I've always felt she held a tiny something back – as if she was afraid or guilty to really let go and fully enjoy herself?

What I'm seeing now is a new side of her, and I'm not jealous that it took someone else to bring it out of her. I know that she is doing this for me – to make me jealous and horny – and it's working. I'm so hard now that I feel my skin might split and explode off my cock like an overcooked Vienna sausage.

I'm dying to join in on the action, but I want to see what happens next without my interference.

Ken keeps his fingers inside her but slows the stroke rate as her contractions and moans subside, and her knees wobble a bit and Ken Gently lowers her to the floor at his feet.

She stands up – looking a bit unsteady - and removes Ken's t-shirt, and runs her hands down his chest and slim waist to his belt buckle. Here she hesitates for a moment, and glances at me as if seeking approval for what she is about to do. I give a small nod, but I'm not sure she would have stopped anyway. I don't think anything would stop her at this point. She's lost all inhibitions, and all self-control, and her lust and desire are all that's driving her actions now. I've seen her like this with me only a few times, and I like it a lot – and I've often pondered how to bring this mood out in her all the time. I'm hoping this isn't the only way?

She undoes his belt buckle, and his pants button, and then slowly pulls his zip down, and starts gently running her fingers up and down his jock clad bulge, all the time staring intently directly into his eyes, gauging his reactions to her stroking.

"Do you like that?" she whispers in a husky voice that I've never even heard before.

Before Ken can even answer she drops back down to her knees, and pulls Ken's pants down.

He's not actually wearing traditional underwear, but thin red pantyhose style boxer shorts – male lingerie. I've got a couple of pairs of these, and they are so thin and see through that they leave nothing to the imagination. They also provide little to no support, and the weight of Ken's erect cock pushes out against the material.

Seeing Ken's swollen cock and balls so close to my wife's face, fills me with anticipation of what is going to happen next.

I didn't have to wait long as Vanessa pushes her face against Ken's cock, still sheathed in the thin material of his male lingerie.

She opens her mouth wide, turns her head sideways and starts playfully nipping and gently biting his cock up and down the shaft. Then she pushes her face against it, and rolls her head sideways back and forth, feeling Ken's cock and balls roll across her face.

She grabs the waistband of his lingerie boxers and once again she hesitates for a moment, and looks at me with the question in her eyes.

For a second I think she is going to ask me if I'm okay with what is going to happen next, but when she sees me stroking my engorged cock and watching her so intently she obviously feels she has her answer – and she pulls the waist band down of his underwear and releases Ken's cock.

Ken's cock springs out of the thin material, and she pulls the underwear right off down past his feet.

He's fully erect, and his smoothly waxed balls hang down tantalisingly close to her mouth.

Vanessa closes her eyes, and opens her mouth, and slowly moves her lips towards his balls.

Ken's balls really hang low. They are like 2 billiard balls in a long sock. 

She sucks one ball into her mouth and uses her fingers to push the other one in as well.

Her cheeks are puffed out with Ken's balls, and she slurps, moans, and stretches them down as she sucks, while at the same time stroking Ken's cock with her hands.

Ken is moaning and grunting, and then he says, "Suck my cock."

Vanessa takes her mouth from Ken's balls, and slides her wet tongue up the shaft of his cock to his swollen cock head. 

She runs her tongue around the rim, getting it all wet, and then opens her mouth and with agonizing slowness starts swallowing Ken's cock.

She's concentrating moving her lips only just past the rim of his cock's head. Licking and sucking at the same time. Up and down, up and down, Ken's cock getting deeper and deeper into her mouth with each downward movement.

With her mouth deep full of his cock she sucks hard, and her cheeks hollow out with the vacuum.

She sucks hard, and long and then works her tongue around the rim of his glans.

Ken puts his hands on the back of her head and starts rocking his hips back and forth, driving his cock in and out of her mouth. With the outward stroke his penis leaves her mouth, trailing saliva, and maybe some precum, and with the inward stroke he starts pushing his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth each time. 

Vanessa relaxes her lips and lets him fuck her mouth, and then turns her head a bit sideways, so Ken's cock forces her cheek to bulge out with each inward thrust.

This is for my benefit I'm sure, as I've often told her I like seeing the woman's cheek bulge out, full of cock head, and especially since it's my wife's. 

She looks at me, and it's hard to smile with her mouth full of Ken's cock, but I see it in her eyes.

She's enjoying it – immensely. As Ken continues to fuck her mouth, she fingers herself with one hand, and with the other caresses her tits, squeezing and rubbing them. 

She grabs Ken's cock with her hand covered in her pussy juices, and strokes it and licks it – then points the cock head directly at me, and waves it at me in a beckoning motion.

Vanessa once told me that the thought of me sucking someone's cock and swallowing his cum disgusted her. Having said that, each time I mention it she seems to get super aroused, so now I'm curious to see her reaction to seeing me suck cock up close and personal.

I join Vanessa on the floor and kneel next to her at Ken's feet.

She waves the cock at my face and says, "It's your turn, cocksucker."

I move my mouth towards Ken's cock, and she gently slaps it against my face.

I try to put the end of his cock in my mouth, but she keeps on slowly moving it, rubbing it across my face, always just out of reach. I think she's enjoying seeing me chase after it, but finally I get the end in my mouth, and run my tongue around it as I start slowly swallowing its length.

It's been since before we were married that I've had a cock in my mouth, about 12 years, and it feels good to feel the meaty softness and hardness again. 

I'm a little bit self-conscious at first, as sucking cock has always been my dirty little secret.

When I confessed my bisexuality to Vanessa it felt a burden had been lifted, or at least shared.

Her acceptance of my cocksucking made our marriage stronger, and our sex life better.

We enjoy our mock threesomes with a dildo, but that is fantasy and I wasn't sure it would translate into reality. However, Vanessa looks like she is really getting into it, and she moves her mouth close to mine, and starts finding space on Ken's cock and balls for her own mouth and tongue.

With our mouths, tongues and lips, sliding all over Ken's cock and balls, as well as each other's, her hand finds my cock, and her eyes go wide when she feels how hard and thick it is. 

I move my hand down between her legs, and feel her wetness running down her thighs. 

She gasps as my fingers enter her and strokes my member firmly in unison with my movements inside her.

We're still working on Ken's cock together, and I'm looking forward to sharing his cumshot with Vanessa, but I don't want this to be over yet.

I'm not sure if this will be a "one off" experience, and if it is I want to try all the variations I've seen and fantasized about. 

Maybe Vanessa has the same thought because she tells me to "Lie on the floor – I want you to eat my pussy as I suck Ken off."

I lie on my back, and she spreads her legs and puts her thighs on either side of my head. She slowly lowers her pussy to my mouth, and starts grinding herself on my mouth, tongue and chin. She's so wet, swollen, soft and slippery, and I put my hands up to cup and caress her boobs. 

I've always enjoyed this view, looking up at my wife's boobs, and even more so now with her mouth wrapped around Ken's cock.

Her tits swing forward and back gently as she moves her mouth up and down Ken's cock, and Ken moans and low grunts with each forward thrust. Occasionally he thrusts a little bit deeper, and Vanessa makes a gagging sound, but she tells him "It's OK. Fuck my mouth hard if you want – I like it a bit rough."

I reach up to cradle his balls in one hand, and with the other I start wanking his shaft into Vanessa's mouth.

I'd really like to see him cum like this, and watch as Vanessa tries to swallow it all, but I'm sensing that it's Vanessa who is on the verge of cumming again.

I feel her ass muscles tense, and she tries to raise herself slightly as her pussy reaches the critical super sensitive stage. 

I grab her pelvis and pull her down onto my mouth, and lick extra hard and grab her hanging tits firmly and she starts to shudder on my face. I feel her cum, and her juices increases in flow and I feel an extra warmth in my mouth. She's moaning around Ken's cock, and still sucking him hard, but her body has gone a bit limp. 
