 To those readers that are sticking with my writing effort I apologize for jumping from category to category but it appears, from feedback, that I have still not found the right one so lets try the group sex section as the next instalment of the story does involve a gangbang. and bukkake.

This is a continuation of the story I posted in the Exhibitionism category so you might like to check that earlier part. Hope you do not find the story too long.

I am Sam I was 40 and Sue 34. Sue stands 5' 6", shoulder length blonde hair, really sexy body 38DD, fantastic legs and an air about her which shouted sex. 

***

"What the fuck?" From Sue together with her hand pushing mine from her pussy, as the car headlights illuminated her, caused me to turn back towards her. Sue was trying to sit upright get back into the car. As I turned to look at Sue, from the corner of my eye, I thought I saw at least two figures making for the tree line beyond the drivers side but as my eyes had been blinded by the car headlights I could not see properly. The car stopped facing us some 20-30 meters then the headlights went out and for a second Sue was again illuminated just by our car's interior lights. Sue was grabbing the door handle as she pulled the towel from under her ass, I knew what was coming and jumped back just in time to avoid being caught by the door as she slammed it shut.

I ran around our car to the driver's door and got in, shutting the door after me.

As the interior lights faded Sue looked at me as she asked. "What the fuck are we doing?" 

In the poor light I could not see her clearly and from the way she had asked I was not sure if she was asking a rhetorical question so I found myself saying. "I thought you were enjoying yourself, that you wanted this."

This was met with the predictable response "I thought this was what you wanted."

"Sue I thought it was what we both wanted. You were happy enough until the headlight incidents and now you are coming over all coy, what's the problem do you just want to call it a night and head for the hotel?"

"I was enjoying the thrill of it all up at Shab Hill but when the headlights came on I did get scared there were so many men and I panicked. Now you are showing me off like this and I am worried that you think I am a slut who will do anything."

It was hard to think of the right reply. Here I was sitting next to the woman who a few weeks before had let three strangers fuck her and a fourth wank over her. Who had used the fuck word more in the last hour than I had heard her use it in all the years we had been together. Who had let men watch her masturbating and squirting cum. Now she was holding one end a very wet towel, that had the very strong odour of her cum, over her breasts which would otherwise have been fully exposed in the black basque with the other end of the towel covering her otherwise naked shaved pussy. "As if" I replied.

Sue gave a nervous laugh then asked. "Are you sure you are happy with this and it's not going to spoil things between us?" As Sue said this she dropped the towel into her lap.

I lent over her and opened the glove compartment, the interior compartment light came on, and I removed a packet of condoms and a 1/4 bottle of vodka that I had put in there earlier. "You know I was a Boy Scout and as such I am always prepared, And yes I am very happy with this and anything you want to do." I was in no hurry to shut the glove compartment, as the light, though limited gave me a better view of Sue who looked so damn hot, but in order to get better access to Sue I shut it back up and put the bottle and the condoms on top of the dash. I held onto Sue and we deep kissed, I could taste the remains of my cum in Sue's mouth. I let my hands wander over Sue's fantastic body.

After a few minutes Sue broke our kiss and said. "Hey not so fast." Sue pushed me back towards my seat forcing me to let go of her breasts which my hands had been exploring. Sue reached for and then opened the bottle of vodka and took a long swig before returning the bottle to the dash. Sue then opened the glove compartment and using the light to rummaged under her seat eventually fishing out her handbag. Sue opened the bag and announced ."And I was a Girl Guide." Removing a packet of condoms, which she waved in my direction, and then removed some sunglasses. "Like the disguise?" Sue asked as she put the glasses on.

I opened my door, started to get out and said. "Your turn in the back I think. I'll see if there is anyone about." I hoped that my voice did not give away how much I was hoping there were plenty of people around.

A voice called out. "Sorry if we spoilt your fun Bud" This was followed by a chorus along similar lines. I realized this was coming from a group of four males by the car that had interrupted us. They just seemed to be standing by or sitting on the bonnet having a smoke, one of the car doors was open and the interior light was on but with the light behind them I could not see them properly. I did think. `The things I do for lust.' I walked around the car then in their direction.

I called out. "No prob, I'm sure the night is not over yet." I got closer to them and I could see that they all appeared to be in their twenties, two (I never did get their names so I will use M1 & M2) were my sort of height 5' 8" and the other two were taller, one who was black (M3) was perhaps 6' the other (M4) a little taller. All four looked athletic and the thought did cross my mind that this could get nasty if I have misjudged the situation. "I was worried you might be the police."

M1 said. "Nah, but in a way they are why we are here I suppose. We've driven down from Swindon for some clubbing in Cheltenham. We had a bit of weed in the car and got a call from a bud telling us the police were doing some stops on the way into town. Pete whose car it is wanted us to dump it but we said no way and talked him into stopping so we can smoke it before we hit town without stinking his car out" He seemed anxious to explain what this group of blokes were doing in a disused quarry. "If you want to get back to the fun Bud don't worry about the police, or us, we dropped Pete at the entrance and he will give us a shout if he sees them. He doesn't want to lose his car for a search and doesn't smoke the stuff says it ruins his performance on the errr pitch." He was laughing as he said this and the others joined in. "Pete did say this was a good spot for dogging, I swear he can smell pussy at 2 miles."

M3 suddenly said "Jesus, one of you is keen to carry on the fun." I could see them all looking in the direction of my car. I followed their gaze and could hardly believe it when I saw Sue standing by her open car door partly illuminated by the interior light. Clearly M1 wanted to see more as he darted back into the car and put on the headlights. Sue made no attempt to move, no doubt appreciating the sunglasses in the bright light. Sue was letting them see her fantastic body wearing the basque, fishnets and stilettos and once she seemed happy they had a good look gave a twirl just to make sure they got the full effect. I noticed she was again holding the towel but this time there was no attempt to use it as a cover-up . From slut to coy and back to slut in moments. I could not help but grin as I thought she may not want me to think of her as a slut but she was a damn good actress and I did not mind one bit. I was amazed at just how hard my cock had become in the short time since Sue's blow-job. 

Sue called out "What does a girl have to do to stop you guys from shooting the breeze. Hey talking of shooting the breeze, anyone have any ideas for anything else they would like to be shooting." There it was Sue had put out the invitation, now what ever happened was down to her was my reasoning. Sue stepped away from the passenger door then shut it before opening the back door, threw the towel on the leather seat, before sliding herself across to the middle of the seat. 

I headed back to my car and as I did so I turned to the four men and said "Feel free to follow, I'm going to move the car up into the trees." Three of the men made a good attempt to race me to our car, M1 was close behind once he had turned the car lights back off. I shut the back passenger door, made my way to the driver's door and got in. As the light came back on I could see a look of disappointment on Sue's face, and could see our new "friends" looking in, "Don't worry I am just moving the car up into the space between the trees, we don't want any more unexpected interruptions." 

I shut my door and switched on the headlights. I then started the car and pulled forward. I took some additional watchers by surprise as they scurried into the trees as the car approached, I think they had assumed I was going to drive off from the car park. Once I was happy I had pulled the car as far into the trees as I could I stopped and got out. I left my door open as I wanted the light so that I, and anyone else, could see as much as possible of Sue in action. I opened the car's back door and said quite loudly as I wanted Sue, our new friends and those hiding in the bushes to hear. "You four heard what Sue had to say but I want some ground rules understood. Safe sex only no bareback, I've got some condoms so no excuses. If Sue says no it means no and when she says she has had enough that's it. Finally no pictures if we see any cameras being used that's it we are off. If everyone is happy with the rules let the fun begin."

I dropped my trousers and boxers, I saw the other back door of the car being opened by M2, but before I could slide in towards Sue she moved towards me poking her head out of the door and asked. "Are you sure about this?". As if she could not tell from looking at my hard cock pointing towards her face.

"Of course it's what I want.." I replied. I hate to think what Sue would have done to me if I had said "No let's go."

Sue said. "Hate to ask this but could you get the bottle of water from my bag in the boot, I need some now and I have a feeling my mouth will appreciate water even more later. Ohhhhh." 

As I dropped down to pull up my trousers I looked into the car. Sue had her right knee on the seat and was sort of crouching over with her left leg in the foot well, she had apparently put the front seats back upright before getting out, and was holding onto one of the back seat headrests with her right hand and the back of the drivers seat with her left. I could see what had caused the `Ohhhhh' M2 was crouching down between her splayed legs doing a good job of eating her pussy. I made my way to the boot of the car and could see a number of men standing near by amongst the bushes and trees.

By the time I got back from the boot of the car with the bottle of water M3 had taken my place at the offside back door, he had his hard cock in his hand. I was a little relieved to notice his cock was about the same size as mine around 7", maybe all those stories were exaggeration. I said. "Just a sec Sue needs this." I held up the bottle of water and as he stepped back I moved towards Sue, dropping my trousers, added. "And this." As I took hold of my cock.

Sue moved forward and took my cock into her mouth, I dropped the bottle onto the seat and reached under Sue to take hold of her breasts and squeeze her nipples which felt so hard that my squeezing made little impression on them. I pushed my cock as far as I could into Sue's mouth and felt it hit the back of her throat and then go further. Sue started to gag but after a few seconds started pushing her mouth as though she was attempting to get my shaved balls in as well as my cock into her mouth. After a few more thrusts I pulled my cock out which gave Sue the chance to give out a series of moans of appreciation for M2's hard work.

I said to M3. "She's all yours." 

As M3 took my place at the door Sue said. "Just a sec, pass the Mates off the dashboard." I climbed into the driver's seat took the condoms off the dash and handed them to Sue. Sue tore the pack open like someone who thought this was wasting valuable fucking time and handed one to M2. I watched as he open the condom and put it on his cock, which appeared to be about 5 to 6" and average thickness. Sue slid backwards along the seat towards M2 until her ass was nearly out of the door. "Yessssssssss." Sue shouted as M2 pushed forwards clearly burying his cock into her.

As M3 started to get onto the back seat M1 opened the front passenger door and got in. M1 and I were both leaning over the front seats trying to get the best view possible as Sue's moans became louder. I removed the head rests from my seat and his and threw them in the front foot-well. M3 was now mirroring Sue's position on the back seat and she took his cock in her mouth. I thought how erotic it looked as Sue's hair swung back and forth exposing and then covering the black cock in her mouth. I lent forward to play with Sue's breasts as M1 lent over the seat to play with her clit. I almost felt sorry for Sue as she attempted to give voice to her arousal but was prevented by the cock buried up to the balls in her mouth.

I could see what appeared to be a large number men around the car, I was not too surprised as a number of cars had driven into the car-park in the short period following my moving the car and could only be impressed by the efficiency of the `dogger's drums'. The men were talking and shouting encouragement, and from what I could see they all seemed to be wanking their exposed cocks. I heard one near my door say to another. "Do you think the slut will let us all do her."

Someone replied. "Nah the blokes with her brought her up here so they could gangbang her." This was what I wanted to hear as I could relax and concentrate on Sue without worrying about it getting completely out of hand.

M2 shouted out for everyone to hear. "I'm cumming, shit this is one hot bitch."

M3 said. "Tell me about it. That's it, that's it drink it all. Yessssssssss."

M2 and several of the men around the car joined in the shout. M2 withdrew his cock from Sue and after slapping her ass said. "Thanks. I needed to shoot my cum from the first moment I saw you in our headlights. You are one very fuckable slut." He pulled the condom off and threw it behind him, narrowly missing the men who had positioned themselves behind him. He then announced. "I'll go and relieve Pete, he would never forgive us if he missed out on this." M1 said. "Shit she is cumming non stop it's just squirting out of her. I've got to have some of that." As he said this he got out of the car and made his way to the back passenger door.

When I looked back at Sue it was just in time to see M3 pulling his softening cock out of her mouth, Sue lifted her head and let some of his cum dribble from her mouth onto the back seat before taking several deep gulps to swallow the rest. Sue asked. "Can you pass the vodka." As I was getting the vodka Sue had found the bottle of water and as I waited to hand her the vodka she took a swig of the water and said. "Just needed to make sure I swallowed every last drop of that lovely spunk ." M3 was still on the seat and Sue took hold of his balls and gave them a squeeze. "I have got every last drop haven't I."

"For now anyway." was M3's reply.

Sue took the pack of condoms off the parcel shelf and handed one to M1, took the vodka from me and took several long gulps before giving a shiver and saying. "Now where was I?".

While all this was happening M1 was behind Sue running his hands over her body, he stopped and I could see him opening the condom before rolling it onto his average size cock . I took the vodka from Sue and then got out of the car and moved to take up M3's former position as he vacated the car, I had to ask several men to let me pass as they had moved so close.. By the time I had made it to the back door M1 had pushed Sue back into the doggy position. I moved onto the seat so that Sue would be able to suck my cock. 

Sue said. "He wants my ass, are you OK with that?"

"It's your ass." I replied.

I watched as Sue raised her body and thrust back. Thank goodness Sue had produced so much cum, the lubrication was coming in useful. Sue screamed. "Oh my God." As she impaled herself on |M1's cock then wriggled her ass as though she was making sure she had every millimetre in. Sue then fell forward and her sunglasses, which by some miracle had stayed in place up to then, flew off. I managed to catch the glasses and put them on the parcel shelf as Sue took hold of my cock and fed it into her mouth. 

M1 was thrusting into Sue and shouting. "You slut, you whore come on move that ass make me cum." Each time he verbally abused Sue it seemed to make her more determined to give me a mind blowing blow-job and it was taking every bit of self-restraint I had not to cum there and then. I was brought out of the concentration of not cumming by M1 shouting. "Fuuuucccckkk." as he filled the condom. I pulled my cock from Sue's mouth and could hear her panting very rapidly.

Suddenly M1 was being pulled out of the way and I saw someone taking his place behind Sue. I heard him say. "You bastards, you could have got me sooner." As he was saying this he was moving Sue so that she was on her back on the seat.

M1 said. "We wanted to make sure you were last." 

I realized two things, firstly that this must be Pete and as he stood between Sue's open legs and dropped his trousers that secondly Pete was a big lad. Not only was he well over 6` his cock looked about 9" and very thick. He pulled Sue towards him and raised her legs over his shoulders. Sue looked so hot in this position with her fuck me heels pointing towards the stars that I almost forgot to check he had a condom on. As I looked at his big cock at the entrance to Sue's pussy I could see it was bare, I was tempted to say nothing but I thought it was mad so told Pete. "Sorry bud you need to put a condom on."

Sue said. "Does he have to, I need more cock now."

"Sorry but yes." It was just as well one of us had been on the lemonades. I threw the box of condoms to Pete. As he took one out and rolled it onto his cock I lent forwards over Sue feeding my cock back into her mouth and pushed first 3 then 4 fingers of my right hand into Sue's pussy. 

Almost immediately Sue squirted cum, some of it hitting Pete as he finished rolling on the condom. Pete pulled my hand from Sue's pussy and lifted her legs back over his shoulders he lunged forwards pushing his cock up to the hilt into Sue's pussy and shouted. "Fuck!"

As Pete entered Sue she squeezed my balls with one hand while trying to raise herself, I pulled my cock out of her mouth and with her other hand she reached down trying to grab Pete's balls. She was so determined to grab his balls that she was almost dragging me by my balls to get those last few inches. Sue was shouting "Fuck, fuck, fuck." After a short period of trying to force Pete's balls as well as his cock into her pussy Sue let go and her head and upper body fell back on to the seat. Pete then started to hammer his cock into Sue as I fed as much of my cock as I could into her mouth. This time there was no holding back and within a few minutes I was shooting cum as deeply as I could into Sue's throat. I eventually withdrew my cock from Sue's mouth and sat back on my heels. I watched Pete hammer into Sue and listened to her moans of pleasure which turned to a chant of. "Fuck yes, fuck yes." Another even stronger orgasm went through her body. The orgasm and Sue's chant seemed to go on for ages.

Pete started to hammer into Sue even faster and harder and then at the last moment he pulled his cock from her, ripped the condom off and shot stream after stream of cum over Sue's body. Pete was shouting. "This is what you want isn't it bitch a stranger with a big cock and lots of cum." Pete's cum was everywhere, over Sue's belly, breasts, face and hair. A small bit of Pete's cum even hit me, but it seemed a small price to pay for what had been a great night. Sue's body seemed to go ridged and I could see her biting her bottom lip hard. "Fuck she's showering me, this bitch is showering me, I've never known anyone fucking cum like that." I looked up from Sue's face and in Pete's direction to see her pussy sending out squirts of her juices. I could not believe she was cumming like this as no one was even touching her pussy at this stage.
