 If this submission has a familiar ring to it, yes, an old classic was my inspiration--but with my own twists and interpretations. I originally wrote the story in 2004, my first foray into authorship, in third person, but have since changed it to first person. I just wanted to see if I could put together a coherent story with dialogue. It is an unadulterated and unabashed attempt to tickle male fantasies, and as such, may not be entirely realistic. The story is a work of fiction. All places, events, and persons are fictitious and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]

*

PART I THE NIGHT BEGINS

I looked at my nude reflection in the bedroom full length mirror. I had just toweled off after stepping out of the shower. Slowly, I turned a full circle and then came to a stop facing the mirror. Unconsciously, my left hand began making slow, lazy circles around my right breast and nipple while my right hand was lightly rubbing my pussy mound. The term statuesque entered my mind. I had just turned twenty-five the day before and my venus like figure on a six foot frame carried not an ounce of fat. My measurements are 38D-29-36. I think my head of flaming red hair, which is full and hangs down to my waist, is nicely matched by a flaming red landing strip of pubic hair only an inch wide and two inches long. My stomach is still quite tight and I believe I have the cutest, tightest little butt ever. Svelte thighs, shaped calves, and tight ankles lead to my small feet with straight and well formed toes---just perfect for sucking--at least I think so. Both my toenails and my fingernails are painted a brilliant shinning red to match my favorite color of lipstick.

Well, I thought, It is Friday night of my first weekend in the big city. What and how much shall I wear to the bar tonight? After giving myself one more admiring glance in the mirror, I decided first off to skip the lingerie, no bra and no thong. With that decision made, I then turned to which dress to wear. I ended up choosing the very low cut, black satin dress that plunged all the way to my navel and revealed a major portion of my breasts on either side of my cleavage, not to mention a large piece of the outside of each breast! In fact, the front exposure includes a portion of the inside edge of my my very large aureole. The dress top would also allow my nipples, which tended to erect strongly under any kind of stimulation, to tent out the small amount of covering and show their outline very clearly. The dress is backless, with just a small loop of material surrounding my neck to hold up the top. The dress was also very short. Leaning over would have to be a calculated maneuver. So would sitting and positioning my long legs. I finally laid the dress aside to do my make up.

I sat down in front of my large vanity mirror to make up my face, but as a result of thinking these erotic thoughts,I first had to once more give my reflection the once over and then, irresistibly, I began to slowly, gently massage one breast and then the other with my left hand. The nipples jumped to full erection. Color began to flood my face. I began a soft moan that quickly began to get louder as I started to rub between my legs with the other hand. My middle finger began to penetrate my slit. Moisture began oozing over my fingers as I eased two and then three fingers into my cunt. I began bucking in rhythm with my fingers, slowly at first, but then faster and harder as a fourth finger found its way in. I stopped only long enough to remove a long, thick dildo from a vanity drawer and to begin rubbing it up and down my now very wet gash. Juices were now beginning to soak the towel on the vanity seat as I eased the dildo into my now throbbing cunt. The ten inch dildo went in and out to the hilt, faster and faster. I humped the dildo in a crescendo of motion as I came to a shuddering, screaming climax. All I could do was moan for several minutes and then gave a final deep shudder. It took several more minutes to compose myself again so I could finally begin to apply my make up without a trembling hand.

After carefully making up my face, I proceeded to apply judicious amounts of my favorite perfume in all the appropriate places. Then I slipped into the dress I had chosen and continued dressing by adding a simple strand of matched, cultured pearls and a pair of tiny, sterling silver clamshell pierced ear rings. I also decided to go with a small, sterling silver chain on my left ankle. Topping off my ensemble of the evening were a pair of black, paten leather, stiletto heels. There, I thought, This ought to attract someone's attention! It was a balmy, warm June night, so no wrap would be needed.

I exited the building and had no trouble whatsoever in hailing a passing taxi with the amount of skin exposure I was offering. I told the driver to take me to a trendy new bar I had heard about from coworkers earlier in the week. I smiled coyly at the driver, who was watching me intently in his rear view mirror and who seemed to have trouble keeping his eyes on the road. I leaned forward slightly to give him an even better view and he nearly rear ended a police cruiser stopped for a red light. I gave a soft chuckle and winked. As the driver pulled away from the intersection, I maintained eye contact with driver in the mirror as I began to slowly massage my left breast with my right hand inside the little bit of dress that covered my tit. The massaging quickly exposed the entire breast to view. I also began massaging my cunt with my other hand and although the view of the driver of that part of the action was largely blocked, he knew what I was doing by the motion of my arm and by the drifting aroma of pussy juice. The driver choked and coughed and had to finally turn his eyes back to the road. I chuckled again and quietly had a mild orgasm. By that time, the taxi had arrived at the bar.

After disembarking from the taxi, I paid the driver and with a big smile I told him that he already had his tip. I quickly walked over to the entrance to enter the dark and smokey bar. I sighed in resignation. There were an awfully lot of women and not very many men present. And, the women were dressed to play and play hard. tough competition, I thought. I went to the bar and ordered. I looked around before I found one empty table in a dark corner and took my drink over and sat down. 

Just as I finished this first drink, a real hunk of a young stud asked if he might buy me a refill and sat down next to me. He was six feet four inches (he later admitted) and had a hard body to die for--sort of like a twenty year old Arnold Scharwzeneger. He was a blonde, blue eyed Adonis with a ruddy, outdoor complexion. He wore a business suit, white shirt and tie with dark loafer shoes. He looked to be in his late twenties or early thirties. He had a smile that would melt an iceberg. He said his name was Don and I answered that mine was Sue. We then began a soft conversation, getting to know each other. 

Suddenly, I felt a hand on my thigh under the table. I smiled encouragement at him and placed my hand on his thigh. We both began a gentle rubbing motion. Since my dress was so short, Don's hand was already on bare skin and he slowly began moving up. He smiled as he reached my pussy and found it sans panties. He began to rub around the pubic mound and into my slit. Moisture began to seep out and wet his fingers as I moaned softly. My cunt swelled with blood and color, not to mention heat under the ministration of Don's talented fingers. I had to stifle a scream as I moaned quietly in orgasm. 

All the while I had also continued to massage a quickly rising, massive cock under Don's trousers and without yet having had time to pop it out in the open. I was too busy responding to his fingers in my pussy. 

Just then, before Don could climax, the skimpily attired waitress returned and, with a smirk on her face, asked, "If you two are not too busy, would you like to have your drinks refreshed?" 

We both shook our heads no, and with a smirky, dirty look and a shake of her shapely ass, she stalked away from the table. At this point we both had put our hands on the table and Don, taking hold of both of my hands in his own, asked if I might like to escape this scene and go to a really interesting party. I eagerly said yes and we left the bar in a taxi for a lengthy ride to a country mansion.

In the taxi, Don said, "The one condition for the evening is that you have to wear a blindfold--all night, starting immediately."

I said, "Ok," and Don immediately leaned over to place the black blindfold mask over my eyes and nose. 

A passionate kiss followed. Our mouths opened, our tongues entwined. Don's hand was then inside my dress, massaging a full breast. The nipple immediately erected, exploding straight out for nearly an inch. I could almost hear the other nipple pop out tight and erect. Don kissed and nibbled on my ear and neck, still massaging first one breast and then the other. Then Don's hand went between my legs and gently rubbed one thigh and then the other, inching ever closer to the point where both legs joined. 

Still kissing open mouthed, Don's fingers found the source of heat between my legs. He began to finger the soft mound of flesh at the end of the landing strip. He found the area already moist and becoming rapidly much more so. His fingers gently traced the soft folds of flesh on either side of my slit, touching, prodding, kneading in slow circles, and then moving up and down my slit, penetrating ever deeper into my warm crevice. With a gentle push, Don's middle finger went all the way in. All I could do was moan and move my pussy up and down in time with the movement of Don's fingers. He began gently stroking inside my pussy and quickly found my G-Spot. I bucked and writhed under this stimulation, moaning even louder. 

Meanwhile, I had also been busy with my free hand. I had Don's zipper down and discovered to my pleasure that he also wore no underwear. I had been briskly massaging between Don's legs. I now found a very large, very stiff eleven inch dick pulsing with power. This time, I did manage to get his monster cock out of his pants and began to furiously pump him. Unbelievably, his cock began to swell even more, thickening and throbbing. The veins were pulsing and swelling. His cock head began to turn a purplish blue as it swelled and precum began leaking heavily. Suddenly and violently, I came with a loud moan and a strong shudder. I had to stifle more screams. The driver looked like he was about to explode and his eyes were bulging. I bet his cock was too! Don was not able to cum before the taxi began slowing.

PART II THE PARTY

The taxi slowed to a stop and we both realized we had reached our destination and Don had a very bad case of blue-balls. Never the less, quickly rearranging clothing, we got out of the cab, Don paid the heavy breathing driver, and we walked unsteadily up to the door of the house with Don leading me as I still had the blindfold in place. The door opened to Don's knocking to reveal a pair of naked nymphs--a pair of nude, blonde twins that looked as if they had just stepped off a Playboy photo shoot. Their naked breasts were naturally large and gleamed with perspiration by the light of the carriage lamp porch lights, as did their naked and shaved pussies. The coating of baby oil from head to foot also added to the glistening effect. It even looked as though both women had moisture oozing from their pussies and down their thighs. 

As Don described it for me, we were led through the entrance foyer and down a hallway to seats in a large ballroom with a stage at one end. Our seats were on the aisle and only one row back from the low stage. The aisle led to three steps that went up onto the stage. Don excused himself and said he would be back shortly. I heard the person on my right tell his seat mate that of the two nude couples just then walking off the stage, it appeared the the studs still had significant erections while the women appeared to have cum splattered all over their bulging tits and glowing faces. I could not see this because of my blindfold, but I thought, What the hell kind of place is this? What has Don got me into, anyway?

Suddenly, I heard Don's voice which seemed to be coming from up on the stage. He said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we have a real treat for you this evening. The main attraction tonight will star a newcomer to the city and to our group. She is young, beautiful, and quite in need of what is awaiting her here tonight." 

With that, two nude, young studs appeared from the wings of the stage, their bodies also well oiled from head to toe. With raging hard hard ons, the two walked down the steps to the seat where I was sitting. My seat mate to the right had again conveniently kept me informed of what was happening. 

One of the two naked studs said, "Sue, you are wanted up on the stage," and gently helped me out of my seat. 

Then, one on either side of me, they took hold of me and placed my hands on their very erect cocks which I found were heavily leaking pre cum. Keeping their hands clamped on mine, and urging me to give strong jacking motions, they led me up onto the stage. The audience gave approving applause. The two men brought me to a halt and released me. Then they stepped back a pace or two and I could hear the sounds of their efforts as they continued to slowly stroke their huge and pulsing erections. They remained on the stage at the edge of the action for the moment.

I was by now very bewildered and shaking as I stood trembling before Don quietly reassured me as he began to slip my dress down to the floor, leaving me naked in the spotlights, save for my shoes. For now, he left my black pumps on my feet. 

Then Don said, "Now undress me!" 

After a moment's hesitation, I slowly began to remove Don's tie, then his jacket and shirt. Then, as I unbuckled his belt, I softly whispered to him, "There will be another time when I do not have this damned blindfold on!" 

His trousers dropped to the floor, revealing his pulsing, monster cock, if not to me, then at least to the audience. I could feel that it was desperately in need of relief and dripping not only precum, but some white, milky semen as well. I was unable to see this, but found out as I bent down to remove his shoes. It was then his erect cock brushed my face, leaving a trail of this sticky goo across my cheek. He took my face in his hands and placed my mouth over his raging hard on. I began to eagerly suck and lick this tasty offering. I had completely forgotten I performing naked in front of a very large audience. 

The veins in Don's monster dick were pulsing with as yet unfulfilled release. While I was sucking madly away, the two nude and priapetic young men appeared and slid a large mattress behind us. Although I did not realize it, the room went dark except for overhead spotlights on the stage, one in front and one on either side of the action taking place. Don withdrew his dick from my mouth with a now glowing purple head. Don placed my hand around his dick and led me onto the mattress with his cock oozing and dripping goo onto my hand all the way. I was obviously not a bit happy to lose that big dick, and I fear my frustration showed.

By this point, I had already experienced four orgasms for the evening, one in front of my make up table, one in the taxi on the way to the restaurant, one in the restaurant with Don, and one in the taxi on the way to the party house. As Don laid me on my back on the mattress, I contemplated more to cum. Little did I know just how much was still in store for me before the evening ended! 

Don began to gently stroke my tits, sides and then slowly down my belly. He added kisses to the stroking as he worked his way down further and further. I began to moan softly. Don then removed the stiletto heels and began kissing my left foot and sucking each individual toe ever so slowly. That really made me begin to shiver and shake! Then he began to ever so slowly, kiss and lick his way up my calf, knee, and thigh. finally arriving at my steaming cunt but going around the top of it with out touching it. I was about to go out of my mind by this time, in erotic desire and torment and I began screaming, "Fuck me, oh God, please FUCK ME!" 

Don then proceeded down the right thigh to the right foot and toes. After what seemed an endless time sucking the toes of this foot, he finally started kissing and licking his way back up to my cunt while continuing to knead and massage both my tits and their nipples. This time he kissed around and around my soft pubic mound. This produced more cries of frustration and louder moans of erotic pleasure from me and even more violent pelvic undulations. I continued to chant, "For God's sake, fuck me, FUCK ME!" 

I began to orgasm, violently and squirting juice all over Don's face. By now, Don's throbbing cock was leaking a steady stream of cum onto the mattress. He could not wait much longer for the relief his case of blue balls desperately needed.

But somehow, Don restrained himself still longer as he had other ideas first. Now he began to lick my pussy. First licking up one side of my cunt and then down the other in those oh so soft, velvety folds of my pussy. He did this for several minutes or more as I gyrated wildly and again screamed loudly, "Fuck me," again, "Fuck me now, fuck me, fuck me hard." 

Then Don suddenly hit dead center and began to lick up and down my gash, his tongue slowly going deeper. At the top of the slit, he began to nibble my clit, first mouthing it wetly and then biting with his teeth. He pulled my "little dick" gently, stretching the clit out and then releasing it only to start all over again. I was now moaning furiously and screaming hoarsely to be fucked. With a languidly slow motion, Don then licked down to my cunt hole and then plunged his tongue in. 

I cried out, "Oh God, don't stop, don't stop." 

That finally did if for Don. He did stop, though only momentarily, and then he suddenly spread my legs wide with his knee and mounted me. With one swift and sure motion, Don plunged his huge dick straight in to the hilt, practically bouncing off my pubic bone and mound. I really screamed then, my loudest yet. I finally got that big dick in my pussy! 

Don pistoned in and out about twice with a vengeance. He had been unsatisfied for so long in the cabs and restaurant and even up here now on the stage, but he made up for it now. However, with his fourth or fifth thrust, he could hold back no more. With a final deep thrust, and a big arch to his back, Don buried his fuck stick to his balls and unloaded a huge wad of hot and creamy cum deep into my steaming pussy. 

He just pumped and pumped and pumped hot jism. Finally, after orgasming time after time in endless succession, with my senses maxed out entirely, I just out and out fainted with erotic pleasure and and sensory overload. Don shuddered a final time and withdrew his still rigid cock. There was a round of deafening applause to remind me that I was on public view for the whole performance. 

Don was also emotionally and erotically drained for the moment. He stumbled back a few feet to sit on one of the several chairs that had been conveniently placed on stage just behind the mattress by the naked and well oiled "ring girls," who were also vigorously rubbing their own bare and shinning pussies, not to mention their tits, to a dripping, shooting orgasm as they watched the action on the mattress.

Now, yet another naked and oiled ring girl, this one very short and small with tiny boobs, entered on stage from the wings and held up a card that said, ACT II. She circled the mattress several times, rubbing herself all over with her free hand and went back to stand by one of the chairs. 
