 This story is another one about me and my wife Sue. This one took place before we were married and yes it is an actual true story of our younger more adventurous days. This story is like all my others in that I don't write with too much descriptive sex in them. I like to think my writing style is more of describing the chase than the actual catch. That is just a small quirk I have. This story should have enough facts for you to use your imagination to fill it in though.

I have to thank (Hale1) for the fine editing skills without which this effort would not be readable. I again changed the wording some more after he edited this for me so if there's something wrong it's my fault.

*

This story took place back about 1965 when Sue and I had just completed high school and were working at our first real jobs. Back then there were virtually no laws about sexual harassment in the work place. Let me tell you there was a lot of funny stuff going on in offices back then that now-a-days could get a guy fired.

Even the drinking and driving laws were a lot more relaxed. If you were like me at the time this story takes place, and were underage, all you got when you got caught with liquor while driving is usually just a ticket for illegal possession. If you showed up in court, and paid the ticket and court costs on time nothing happened. Heck, your parents didn't even have to know about it. That just goes to show you how times have changed. I guess that also shows my age.

It was another Wednesday night and as per our regular routine I picked up Sue at six o'clock. We went to the local drive in for a quick burger and caught up on the days happening's. Sue was my squeeze and had been for about ten months now. If you've never heard the expression squeeze, it means my steady girl.

As we had our burgers and fries I told her what had happened to me at work that day. That information was just more of the old same old same old, but it was conversation anyway. Sue told me she had a productive day at work, except that Dave had upset her the whole day. I was interested in what had happened because I knew that she was usually not too easy to upset. She was the type of person that didn't get disturbed about too much, and it took a fair bit to piss her off.

Dave had been working for the same company a few weeks less than Sue and was a loud brash type of character. Dave thought he was god's gift to women and was always trying to get into Sue's pants. I guess Sue's pants weren't the only ones he was trying to get into, because he had tried to hustle every female in the office.

When Dave had first started working with Sue she had told me that she liked his good looks but it hadn't taken more than a week until she found his obnoxious attitude was a real turn off. I had met him at one of Sue's company functions and he was one of those guys that had a body of a god. Muscles everywhere, slim waist and perfect skin and a smile that shone. I had to agree with Sue though, because he had a way about him that soon got on my nerves.

Sue and I did have a use for Dave though. We used him for some of our fantasies we played out. In bed I would taunt Sue with images of his body when we were making out. I would wait till she was really turned on and ask her things like if she would like to have someone that looked as hot as Dave helping me to make her cum. This normally got her to cum harder than usual. She would in return tease me at the start of our sessions saying that Dave had just finished with her and that now it was my turn. It was weird in a way but we both knew this was just fun, and it seemed to get both our juices flowing. 

That night I said to Sue, "You usually can handle Dave what did he do to get you so pissed."

She replied, "I wore that new blouse and skirt today and I should have known that it would act like a magnet to Dave. When he saw me he hung around me and I couldn't get rid of him. He was especially difficult today and pissed me off something fierce."

I knew the outfit she was talking about as I had helped her pick it out. The blouse was thin see through fabric and had to be worn with a bra or it left nothing to the imagination. The skirt she got to go with the top was a mini that came to mid thigh on her. She had come out of the dressing room in the store to show me and I had almost lost my eyeballs looking at her. I asked her if she had worn anything under her outfit and she said yes she had worn her g-string and lacy bra. I could visualize her dressed like this and could see why Dave would be attracted to her.

I told her, "Don't be too hard on Dave; he was just reacting like any male would do with you dressing so sexy."

She then told me, "Dave had been on me like a fly on shit most of the day, and I had to fight off his hands a few times. He had even grabbed my ass in the hall and one time in the storage room he had reached from behind me and grabbed my tits." She declared, "I slapped him for that, and he had a red cheek for the rest of the afternoon."

I sympathized with her and told her, "I think that maybe tonight I'm going to have my work cut out for me to take your mind off of what Dave did to you today."

Our usual routine on Wednesdays was to hit the A&W drive-in burger joint, and then go and pick up her friend Rita. On the way to Rita's we would hit the liquor store to pick up some liquid refreshment. After we picked up Rita, she would drive my car while I sat in between the two girls. The reason Rita was driving was because she was learning to drive and wanted to get her license soon. The three of us would then head to our favourite spot to have a few drinks and let the girls catch up on their week's happenings. After a while Sue and I would hop in the back seat for some extracurricular exercise. Rita would sit in the front making wise comments about us as we enjoyed each other's body.

As I drove towards Rita's I teased Sue about Dave by saying to her, "You have only yourself to blame because you are so sexy you attract all the guys and they all want in your pants. Dave is only being like every one of my friends that knows you. I don't blame any of them wanting in your pants because I sure like the what's in your pants and I love that you share it with me"

That led to her to reply in a teasing voice, "So, your other friends find me sexy. Maybe I should check them out more to see if you can be replaced with a better model. Who knows maybe one of them might be a better fit for me."

I knew she was trying to get me going so we to continued banter back and forth. We did this quite often and we both knew that whenever we started out the evening teasing each other that we usually had a hot session later.

Rita had to be out of the house by seven or her overbearing father would find more chores than you can shake a stick at and that would mean she would be stuck at home. When we got to Rita's place she ran out to meet us and hopped in the car. She was not a bad driver and I had no qualms about letting her drive my car. As we drove along I put my arm around Sue so that my hand could cup a breast. Sue did not stop me and Rita looked over and said, "Bill can't you two wait till later. Just because you have both hands free doesn't mean you have to fill them with Sue's tits."

"The way I see it is I have two hands and two girls in the car with me, maybe I should allocate one hand to each of you." I said to Rita.

All I got from her was a giggling response as she replied, "You wish." 

As we made our way to our spot the girls started to get caught up on everything since they had last seen each other. Sue bitched to Rita about Dave, and Rita complained to Sue about her father and her boyfriend Jeff. Both of them started out pissed off but by the time we go to our spot they had chilled out. 

Our usual routine for Wednesdays was to park in a field off a back road behind a haystack. The girls would catch up and have their bitch session and just generally gab away like all girls do when they get together. At least they included me so I wasn't left out of the conversation too much.

We cracked the bottle we had brought and we sat back having a few and I noticed that the girls poured their drinks quite large. I started to warm things up with Sue a bit by kissing her and she surprised me with the comment, "Poor Rita must get tired of watching us week after week. She's told me she goes home horny and has to wait until the weekend for Jeff to take care of her.

Rita's comment was, "You two may make me horny, but I can hold off until Friday night when I see Jeff. I make sure he is worn out by the time he drops me off at home. Saturday and Sunday are the same and I'm sure he has to take the rest of the week to recuperate."

After a while a few more drinks were consumed, the conversation dropped back as Sue and I made out more. The girls had finished getting caught up with their lives and things were really heating up nicely between Sue and me.

Because we were young, Sue and I never wasted a chance to explore the other's body with hands and lips. Of course with the foreplay it always led to thoroughly enjoying each other more thoroughly in the back seat.

I soon had her blouse and bra off and was fondling her breasts. Rita was looking out of the corner of her eye at us and she told Sue, "Bill fondles your breasts nicely, and is not as rough as Jeff is on mine."

Sue suggested, "Bill why don't you fondle Rita and let her compare Jeff's technique to yours."

That comment shocked the heck out of me, because while Sue and I have played around and done a few swaps and had a few threesomes with others, we had never included Rita. As far as I knew Sue had never even told Rita about our playing around with others. I always thought that Sue thought of Rita as too good of a friend to be playing these games with us, so we had never even hinted at doing something like this with the three of us. Sure Sue and I had fucked in front of Rita before, but that was as far as things had ever gone.

With some trepidation I asked Sue, "Are you sure about that?" 

She said, "I've told Rita how good the two of us are in bed, and I think she is jealous and wants to know what she's missing out on." Then she said, "It's OK with me. Besides I will have Dave take care of me while you help out Rita."

There it was again, that teasing.

Rita knew that Sue was talking about Dave to get me hot and joined in by saying to me, "Sue needs Dave to help her get off tonight because one hot cock is not enough for her."

Being young and foolish my character was pretty straight forward and I often did things before I thought about them. After Sue's comment I figured what the heck and turned to Rita and cupped her fine boobs in my hands through her blouse.

As I fondled Rita's boobs and hearing no complaints from either of the girls, I said to her, "Rita, you can compare the feelings better between me and Jeff if you take off your blouse and bra."

Surprisingly she did, and said to me, "You are a typical male and all you can think about is tits. I shouldn't be doing this but after all the times I have watched the two of you I have thought that I should maybe get something out of this besides going home horny. I went back to fondling her tits and found that she had just as nice of a rack as Sue did. Her boobs were as firm as Sues and she had some pointy little brown nipples sticking out from their centre. As I was fondling them I played with her nipples and Rita commented, "You sure are a lot better at this than Jeff is. All he does is grab them and squeeze."

Sue diverted my attention from Rita by grabbing my shoulder and when I turned back to her I got smothered with a kiss. It wasn't long until I forgot Rita and assisted Sue getting undressed in the cramped front seat.

Rita kept up a running commentary telling each of us what it looked like while we were making out and was making a few suggestions. Sue and I soon climbed over the seat to get to the back and I asked Sue, "Rita's usually not this vocal, do those comments bother you?"

Sue said, "They are sort of a turn on." Then she asked me, "Did you enjoy yourself feeling up my best friend?"

I replied, "Rita has nice tits and anytime you feel like sharing me with her I wouldn't complain in the least about it."

Rita obviously was feeling the drinks she had earlier and interrupted us then and stated to Sue, "Can I help you out back there, and while I take care of your boyfriend you can get Dave to take care of your pussy,"

Sue just laughed and grabbed my head and pulled it to her pussy. I didn't have to be told that she wanted to be eaten and dove right in. Rita was getting quite descriptive in her vocalizations and they were obviously turning on Sue as she was trying to fuck my face with her sopping pussy. She soon came and I got up and gave her a big kiss. 

Sue then went down on my cock and sucked me like crazy. Rita was now fully turned around with her elbows on the backrest of the front seat watching Sue give me a blowjob. Rita never had turned around to watch us before, so that was something different. I noticed that Rita was intently watching Sue suck me off as she tweaked her own nipples. I asked Rita, "Are you enjoying the show? You must play with your nipples a lot because they seem to like what you are doing to them"

Rita looked at me and said, "I've never seen a cock that big! How does Sue manage to suck it like that?"

I arrogantly told her, "Sue practice's a lot, and if you're going to watch us the price of admission to witness this is you have to get naked."

Rita just stared at my cock and by the way her body was wiggling about I could tell she was taking off her jeans. While she was removing her jeans she started to order Sue to take all of me in her mouth, and just generally kept a running commentary going throwing some pretty crude comments at Sue about what she should do to me.

Sue soon came up for air and she moved up so she could sit on my cock and fuck me. I guess Rita watching us and calling me a stud, and Sue a cheap slut, whore and other demeaning things was affecting the two of us, because we both did not last long and came like mad. 

We rested for a bit then I looked over at Rita who was now facing forward but was gasping for air. I told Sue, "It looks like our performance has affected Rita, she appears to be masturbating."

Sue and I both untangled ourselves and leaned over the seat to watch. Rita was so involved with getting herself off with her fingers that she did not notice us. I said to Rita, "So you do like watching your good friend get fucked. Maybe you wish it were my cock in your pussy, instead of your fingers? You may think Sue is a slut but here you are acting the same way" Rita just picked up the pace and was probing herself faster now.

Sue egged her friend on by saying, "Faster Rita, show us just how hard you can cum. After you do I will let Bill fuck you so you can really get off you slut." Sue kept up the running statements about me fucking her as we watched her finger her pussy.

I reached into the front seat and caressed Rita's breasts and tweaked her nipples. Neither Sue nor Rita objected to my actions so I kept fondling those nice firm breasts. Rita was moaning now and I was starting to get hard again. Sue reached over and slowly jacked my recovering cock. When it was hard she then whispered in my ear, "Get in the front seat with Rita."

I looked at Sue to make sure she was OK with this, and she gave me a big kiss and pushed me over the seat. I sat beside Rita and Sue told me, "Keep massaging Rita's tits." Sue then added. "Rita, why don't you feel Bill's wonderful hot cock?"

Rita reached over and gripped my cock. My cock jerked when she clasped it and she gasped and exclaimed, "It's so much bigger than Jeff's. Is that thing real?" That comment made me feel pretty proud about my package, and I turned and smiled back at Sue. 

Sue was masturbating herself with two fingers as she watched Rita and me. Sue then told Rita, "Suck him like you wanted me to suck him. She then raised her voice and commanded Rita, "Take it all you whore, don't worry it will fit."

Rita slowly lowered her head to my cock and kissed it. My cock again jerked when her lips made contact. Rita jumped too and then she slowly encircled my cock with her lips. She soon had her hot mouth almost all the way down on it.

Sue then leaned over the seat and stated, "Rita, you are such a slut. Sluts take all the cock and they do not tease." Sue then pushed on the back of Rita's head and poor Rita had my cock forced down her throat. She struggled to get off and when she did Sue forced her down again while Sue kept commanding Rita to take it all. Soon Rita was doing it by herself and I was getting deep throated. Rita seemed to like being ordered around just like Sue had earlier and she went back to taking me deep in her throat.  

I was pretty hard when Sue ordered Rita, "Straddle him and fuck him. Show us just how good you can fuck that boyfriend of mine."

Rita did as she was told and straddled my hips and positioned her pussy over my cock. As she slowly lowered her tight pussy down on me she said, "God does that feel good. I've never had anyone but Jeff, and he is a lot smaller than this."

I told her, "Take your time and enjoy every moment." It took a bit until she was all the way down and fucking me like a trouper.

Sue asked me, "How does Rita feel? Is she any better than me?"

I told her the truth and said, "She is a bit tighter and her pussy feels like it is on fire."

Rita was looking back at Sue who was still fingering herself. Rita soon was gasping for breath but in a stern voice ordered Sue, "Insert more fingers in yourself you horny bitch."

Sue's reply was, "Fuck him faster you slut."

I thought to myself, with the two of them using their authoritative voices they both seemed to like to order the other and tell them what to do. It seemed to help to get the two of them off when the other one was ordering them around. This wasn't like Sue and I wondered if maybe the two of them had a bit of a domineering side. Or maybe they just wanted to show that they were better than the other in the bedroom. I was enjoying Rita's pussy too much to think too much about what the two of them were doing though, so I just kept pumping my cock into Rita's pussy.

It didn't take long until Rita was thrusting her tits in my face and telling me, "Suck my nipples while I work my pussy on your cock."

Rita and Sue continued ordering the other one around and they both intensified their actions. I felt another load of cum building inside me so I warned Rita that I was coming. She got off me and just got her mouth over my cock as I came. Seeing that got Sue off again too.

We all then recuperated, found our clothes, and were all giddy as we got dressed. We drove Rita back home and talked about what we had just done.

I could tell Rita had enjoyed herself because on the way to her house she said, "Tonight was great, and next week we have to not waste time drinking, because that would shorten the time the three of us have to play around."

I could tell Sue was thinking the same thoughts when she agreed with Rita's statement and there was no way I was going to complain about things.

Believe me I spent many a memorable Wednesday night with those two hot girls draining me after that. Unfortunately it all ended when Jeff turned out to be abusive and Rita moved to Calgary to get away from him. Let me tell you Jeff and her dad weren't too happy about Rita moving out. Sue kept in touch with Rita for a while and then Rita just disappeared when her dad managed to track her down.

Sue and I still fondly remember our time with her and often reminisce about the fun times we had. After all these years Rita was the only one that ever got to command Sue like she did. Others have tried but it is a turn off for her now. She will do just about anything, but you have to ask nicer than by commanding her.