 This story is another one about me and my wife Sue. This happened before we were married and yes it is an actual true story of our younger more adventurous days. This story is no exception in that I do not write them with much descriptive sex in them. I like to think that my style is more of describing the chase, than the actual catch. It is just a quirk I have, although this story should have enough facts for you to use your imagination to fill it in though.

I have to thank (DD) for the fine editing skills without which this effort would not be readable.

*

About two years before we were married, Sue and I had been invited to a party in a high rise downtown on 104 Street, which was also known as The Hill. Joan, one of Sue's coworkers invited us to this party. Joan lived in the high rise with some other girls and they had parties fairly often. A friend of ours, Don, had nothing to do that night, so he tagged along with us.

Sue and I attended a party there a few weeks back and we had told Don about it. We told him there was a guy there by the name of Eric, who was a photography student. He had his camera and a picture portfolio with him. Of course once he brought the portfolio out everyone was admiring his work, and most of us guys were drooling over his glamour shots of the models from his class.

Near the end of the night, Eric was persuaded to bring out his camera to show it off. He was bragging about how good of a photographer he was as he explained the camera's features to us. He then started taking candid shots of everyone. Inhibitions were lower due to the amount of alcohol consumed and Eric's girlfriend was asked to pose for some shots.

She posed for a few pictures, when some of the more boisterous characters at the party, including me, started chanting, "Take off your top! Take off your top!" Then we switched to, "Pose topless! Pose topless!"

Eric's girlfriend, Sally, was eventually persuaded to pose topless and looked pretty dammed hot as she took of her top and got into the merriment of the moment. Peer pressure soon had all the girls posing topless for pictures. Eric was fairly busy as he shot about ten rolls of film of all the girls in various poses.

Of course my girl, Sue, was talked into posing topless along with all the other girls. I really got off on watching her parade around as Eric snapped some pictures of her. All the other guys just had to suggest some poses she should do. Eric took his time and even suggested that someone pinch Sue's nipples to make them harder. I never noticed who had that pleasure, but her nipples sure were sure hard for the rest of the photos.

Everyone was having a fun time and suggestions flew back and forth about how the girls should pose. Most of us guys were waiting in anticipation for Joan's turn because she had a pretty big rack on her. When I finally got to see Joan's magnificent rack, I wasn't disappointed in the least. Joan has double D breasts and is proud of them and for some reason Eric used a complete roll of film just on her.

Later that night, I caught up with Joan when she was alone and told her, "I definitely would like a set of those pictures of yours."

She gave me a weird smile and said "You are as big a pervert as the rest of the guys here, and I don't think I should give you any pictures." She explained herself further by saying "Sue is a good friend of mine at work, and if she finds out that I gave you some topless pictures of me then that relationship will probably be history."

I thought to myself "At least I had tried," but I knew what Joan had said was true about their friendship, so I didn't push the issue.

Of course, when we told Don about that first party, he thought we were pulling his leg because nobody did things like that. Or so he thought.

On the night of the second party, we made our usual stop at the liquor store for a few six packs and headed over there. As we entered, I saw Eric was at this party again and he was handing out envelopes to all the girls that had posed for him at the first party. I found out later when I had a chance to talk to him that he was doing his own developing, so no one else was involved in the process.

Sue received her pictures and after a quick glance, she put them in her purse and told me, "You can look at them after we leave."

About an hour later, much to my surprise, Joan managed to slip me copies of her pictures without Sue seeing. Joan told me, "Don't let Sue see these pictures because I don't want Sue to know I like you." She then told me, "If you weren't dating Sue, I would like to go out with you." That surprised me even more, because I didn't expect that from her. I filed that information away for later. I put Joan's pictures in my pocket so Sue wouldn't see them.

There were about twenty or so people in attendance at this party and the drinks flowed steadily. After a couple of hours, both Sue and I were a bit on the tipsy side. As usual when I was around Sue, I felt her up and snuck some deep kisses in whenever I could. Some of the others were commenting on how we should "get a room."

I took the kidding in stride and shot back "At least my girl shows me some affection! Your girls are too prim and proper to show any affection in public!" I guess that was a challenge, because some of the other party goers started to openly grope their partners while dancing and things started too loosen up some.

During a slow song, Don asked Sue for a dance. While they were dancing, someone turned out the lights and announced, "Anything goes when the lights are out." There was just enough light coming in the window, from the street lights outside so that it wasn't pitch black, but everyone looked like shadows. After the tune ended, and the lights came back on, Sue came back to me and said, "I think I have had too much to drink, because Don snuck a feel of my boobs. I told him to stop but he didn't, and I soon found that his bold manner was stimulating."

I was surprised that my buddy, Don, was cocky enough to feel up my girl right in the same room as I was in. I guess that thought was more of a surprise to me, than the thought of Sue essentially letting him get a couple of feels without complaining any. I decided that if Sue could enjoy playing around so could I, so I told her, "God! I leave you alone for a few minutes and someone else is feeling you up. You know I feel left out now! Maybe I should see if I can feel up someone else's boobs to even things up."

Sue laughingly said to me, "Go ahead, but remember this... for what I allowed to happen to my body, I will definitely make it up to you later, and if something like that happens to you, I expect you to make it up to me too." I liked her twisted logic. I smiled at her and went off to find Joan to ask her to dance with me hoping that she would allow me to enjoy some of her body.

The song we danced too was a good old rock and roll tune and the lights went out again. There was some giggling going on in the room and I figured that the others were enjoying themselves in the near dark. I managed to sneak in a feel or two, and Joan never complained, so I was feeling quite proud of myself.

When the tune ended, someone turned the lights back on again. I thanked Joan for the dance and went back to Sue. I smirked as I told her, "We're even now."

Sue looked at me, knowing what I meant by that statement and smiled. She had a sparkle in her eye and a smirk on her face, when she said, "If we keep this up, this night could prove to be a lot of fun." We made our way into the kitchen, where it was more private, and she asked me, "So, what are the plans for the rest of the party?"

I answered her with a question of my own, and said, "Just what are your feelings about you and Don and me and Joan?" I added, "If we keep acting like this, things could get really hot later on, and get out of hand."

She said, "After the last party, everyone here seems to be a lot less inhibited and I agree things could get to be a lot of fun. I think we should see where things go and just have some fun with whatever happens."

From the way she was talking and acting, I knew she wanted to let herself go a bit tonight, so I said to her, "If you want to have some fun it's OK with me. After all we did agree last year that we could each experiment with others and have fun, but we always would go home with each other at the end of the night."

She smiled at me and replied, "I knew you would understand. Let's both just go with the flow tonight and see if anything develops."

That's when I remembered that Sue had once told me that if she wasn't involved with me, then Don would get some serious attention from her. At the time, I thought she was just teasing me, but now I wondered about that.

We went back to the party and the lights were out again. When they came back on, some of the girls had their blouses partially undone and some of the guy's zippers were open.

Sue and I split up and mingled with the others and she danced with a few guys and I watched as she was openly felt up each time. I did my own groping with some of the other girls I danced with and got into the high spirits of the evening. Someone commented that the lights might as well stay out for the rest of the party and everyone agreed.

When each tune ended, everyone switched partners and continued in the boisterous spirit of the night and of course here was lots of groping going on and nobody seemed to object. Someone lit a candle on a corner table and it added just enough light to see more than just outlines of people and save a lot of sore shins from bumping into things.

I soon found myself with Joan again and immediately massaged her wondrous tits. She commented, "What's with you guys? My tits are going to be sore in the morning because of all the manhandling, is that all you guys want from me?"

I replied, "Don't blame the guys because you have a very impressive set there, and seeing them just gets our blood flowing and we can't help ourselves." I continued on by saying, "Maybe later, you will let me do other things to them besides manhandling them, what do you say to that?" She just gave me a smile and a giggle in answer to that statement. That reaction from her sort of left me wondering what could happen between us two that night.

After that dance ended, I spent some time on a chair at the side of the room. Whenever some chick came by, I would reach out and grab her, pulling whomever onto my lap. Once I had her on my lap I proceeded to play with her boobs. Not one of them objected, so I enjoyed quite a few different boobs while just sitting there.

A short time later I got up and went looking for Sue. I found her topless in the kitchen and asked her, "Are you enjoying yourself?" I see your bra has disappeared along with your blouse. Mind you, there doesn't seem to be any girls that still have their blouses on anymore."

She replied, "I have danced a lot of dances, and I've probably been felt up by every guy here at least once. I enjoyed the groping and have grabbed just about every one of my dance partner's crotches. I'm amazed at how easily my dance partners have gotten hard ons!" She then told me, "This party is fun! Is our earlier agreement still in effect?"

I reassured her that the agreement still stood where we could enjoy others sexually. "Just remember...we will go home together and not with someone else," I said.

She kissed me and went off. I grabbed the first available girl that came by and I danced to a slow song with her. When that tune finished, I passed her on and found another girl.

I saw Sue again and we danced together. In a conspiring voice, she told me, "With all this running around topless and getting groped every time I turn around I'm horny and need to have some relief." I was hoping she was talking about getting it on with me but she then said, "The next time I find Don, I am going to take him into a bedroom and talk him into fucking me."

I didn't mind to much because I knew that Sue would make it up to me for the next couple of weeks so I said, "Go for it, if that's what you want to do, but, I would love to watch you in action, if you don't mind the audience."

She answered back, "If you want to watch, it's Ok with me. Just don't scare Don away." Sue went in search of Don and I followed her. She found Don in a corner of the room and she talked to him for a bit. I saw him nod his head a few times telling her he agreed with what she had said and then Sue took his hand and led him off down the hallway towards the a bedrooms.

I started to follow, when I bumped into Joan and her uncovered chest sidetracked me for a bit. I explained to her where I was headed by saying to her, "Sue is going to fuck my friend Don. Do you want to watch them with me?"

Joan said, "Jeez that's kinky! I guess if you are going to watch them, I wouldn't mind joining you. It could be fun." I took her hand and told her to follow me. We slowly opened the first bedroom door we came to and found the bed occupied by a couple going at it fast and furious. They weren't Don and Sue, so we went to the next room. When we opened the door, we found another couple in there fucking like minks in heat. With only two bedrooms in the apartment I wondered where Sue and Don disappeared to. Just then, I saw the main door to the apartment open and I got a glimpse of Sue as she went out of the apartment with Don.

Joan and I waited a few seconds and then followed them out the door. We stepped out the door to the main hall and didn't see them anywhere. Joan suggested they might be in the stairwell, so we went to look. Joan was still topless and the bright lights of the hallway made her tits look even more amazing. I told Joan that her tits were wonderful and she thanked me for the compliment. We opened the stairway door slowly and could hear Sue and Don somewhere inside. We quietly entered the stairway and could tell they were somewhere below us.

I motioned for Joan to silently follow and we went down the first flight of stairs. I peered around the corner of the stairs and saw them below us on the landing. Joan came up next to me and peeked around the corner too. We both watched, as a topless Sue swapped tongues with Don while working at undoing his pants. She lowered them and took his cock out of his shorts. He was hard already, so Sue got on her knees and sucked him into her mouth. I put my arms around Joan from the back and fondled her tits with both hands. Don told Sue, "If you continue to suck me like that, I'm going to cum soon." Sue redoubled her efforts on his prick. 

Meanwhile, I had undone Joan's slacks and worked a hand down to her pussy. She was very wet and I had no trouble slipping a finger in her love hole. Sue was still sucking Don for all she was worth and Don soon told her, "I'm cumming."

Sue pulled her mouth off his cock and jacked him until he came. He shot his load all over the wall and when Joan saw that, her body shook and quivered. She had cum the same time hat Don did.

After Don recovered, Sue stood up and they kissed passionately. As they played duelling tongues Joan turned around and started kissing me. I looked at the other two and saw that Don's hand was moving towards Sue's pussy. He soon worked a few fingers into her very moist pussy.

I whispered to Joan, "Have a look. They're not finished yet." She turned towards them and after she did and I slowly lowered her pants and finished striping her naked. Don was doing the same to Sue and soon the two girls were standing in front of us guys in all their naked glory.

Don sat Sue down on the top step of the landing. He moved a few steps lower and got to his knees in front of Sue. He then spread her legs apart and kissed the inside of her thighs. He worked his way up to her pussy and started to eat her out.

Now, if there is one thing that Sue likes, it's having her pussy eaten by someone that knows what they're doing. Apparently Don knew what he was doing and Sue was soon wiggling and squirming and pulling his head into her pussy. I was standing behind Joan and trying to push my cock into her pussy from behind, but she wasn't letting me enter her. She whispered, "I don't want to fuck, but I will take care of you in a few minutes.

Don was still eating Sue's pussy and Sue had come at least once that I heard. She was starting to get quite vocal, so I knew she was enjoying herself. Meanwhile, I was fingering Joan with two fingers. She was intently watching Sue and Don and soon whispered, "Look Don has gotten hard again!"

Sue noticed too and grabbed Don's cock, tugging him towards her cunt. Don needed no further encouragement and was soon buried balls deep in Sue and thrusting for all he was worth. They fucked like there was no tomorrow and soon, all we could hear were grunts, groans and slapping flesh.

After what seemed like hours, but was actually only a few minutes, Joan turned to me and quietly said, "Follow me." She picked up her slacks and we went up the stairs a few floors. She laid down on the stairs in the same position as Sue. Since Joan and I could still hear Sue and Don, she said softy, "Take off your pants, I am going to take care of you now."

I complied in a hurry. Joan told me that she was saving her pussy for when she got married, however all the guys she went out with were happy to fuck her tits and that's what I could do. I figured, what the heck...any port in a storm, and straddled her chest. She grasped my cock in her hand and played with it for a bit, then laid it between her tits and wrapped those melons around my cock. They were hot and firm and I started to plunge my cock between them.

As I pushed and pulled my cock between Joan's tits, I bumped into her lips. Soon she was licking me on every stroke. She stopped me and said, "I've never had a cock in my mouth before. On the next stroke she opened her mouth wider to allow me in her mouth. Joan may have never given a blow job before but she sure tried hard to make it enjoyable for me. It wasn't long before I told her I was going to cum. She squeezed her tits hard around my cock and I shot my load on her face.

Joan and I suddenly noticed that Sue and Don were watching us. Joan saw them first and the look on her face tipped me off that someone was watching. I looked over my shoulder to see them smiling at us. Sue teasingly said, "You will never be satisfied with my small tits after playing with Joan's."

As Joan and I retrieved our pants and put them on, I smiled at Sue and told her, "Your tits are more than adequate and I love them just the way they are. Joan's tits might be bigger, but I'm in love with yours." With that said, we went back to the party. Joan still had the remains of my cum all over her face, so she went to clean up as soon as we got back to the apartment.

The front room was still poorly lit and there were naked bodies everywhere, most in some stage of enjoying sex. I took Sue aside and asked her how much she had enjoyed herself. She told me she had a wonderful time and hoped that Joan and I enjoyed the show. Sue informed me that she had seen us watching Don and her, and knowing we were there had turned her on a lot. I told her that knowing she had watched me with Joan made us even for the night. We both laughed and then went to look for our missing clothes. Once we found them we decided to head for home. 

Don was a bit nervous as we drove him home. Sue was teasing him about getting into the pants of his friend's girl. Before he got out of the car, Sue swore him to secrecy. After all, we didn't want all of our friends to know what we were like, now could we!

What about those pictures of Sue and Joan you ask? Well we are over sixty years old now, and we still get them out a couple of times a year and reminisce. The only regret we ever had about that night was not waiting for a bedroom. Do you have and idea how hard and cold those concrete stairs were? After that night there were a few rare occasions where Don would join Sue and me for some threesomes.
