 This story is another one about me and my wife Sue. Yes it is an actual true story of our younger more adventurous days. This story is like my others in that I don't write with to much descriptive sex in them. I like to think my writing style is more of describing the chase than the actual catch. That is just a small quirk I have, although this story should have enough facts for you to use your imagination to fill it in though.

I have to thank (DD) for the fine editing skills without which this effort would not be readable.

Comments are appresiated but to those anonimous comments about wondering why get married if you are going to swap, I say this. I am old enough to have lived through the sixties and early seventies and if you haven't then you missed out on being influenced by all the free love and anything goes times.

*****************************************

The other week, Sue and I were looking through an old album of pictures. These pictures were some of the pictures I had of before Sue and I were married. One picture grabbed my attention. It was of an old 1947 International truck I used to own. We both remembered some of the good times we had with that old truck, and the two of us soon were reminiscing about one night in particular.

The night we were discussing was a wedding Sue and I had been invited to go to. One of the girls that Sue worked with was getting married and had invited us. We were obligated to go, but the both of us weren't too enthused about it because we wouldn't know anyone there. We were obligated to attend, so we both thought we might as well do the evening up right.

Sue got a new dress for the night and it looked great on her. It was black and made of a thin material that hugged her curves. The dress was fairly short, and came a few inches above her knees. That dress was deeply cut in the front and back. The cut in the front of the dress almost came down to her navel and the back was cut even lower to about six inches from the top of her shapely derriere. Sue was just wearing a G-string under the dress since anything else would have shown. She looked fantastic!

I of course put on my new black suit and we departed for the festivities. When we arrived at the wedding, our fears were confirmed. The bride was the only one we knew. We felt slightly out of place, but decided to hang around until the bride left. We partook in the merriment of the occasion and had a few more drinks than we should have.

Sue and I danced with each other quite a bit, because the conversation at our table was pretty dull. As she gyrated on the dance floor, I was staring at her cleavage. The top of her dress was more severely cut than I first realized and showed a generous amount of nicely rounded. The dress was just loose enough that every now and then, when she leaned forward, a nipple would appear. She knew this was having an effect on me and danced with more abandon.

While there was a slow song playing I pulled her to me and held her tightly. I massaged her back and sides while grinding my pelvis into her. Sue teasingly asked me, "Do you like what you see?"

"In my opinion I definitely like what I see." I replied

After a couple of hours, the bride and groom left and we decided to leave after one more dance. The dance floor was crowded when another slow song came on. With the crowd surrounding us I didn't think anyone would be paying attention to where my hands were, so I grabbed Sue by each ass cheek and pulled her hard into my crotch. She laughed at me and I said, "If we don't leave soon, I will not be held responsible for the growing erection you are getting."

We finished the dance somehow, retrieved our coats and left.

As we hopped in the truck, I immediately grabbed her and started passionately kissing her. She responded and gave me a good tonguing in return. My hands were all over her body and we were getting quite turned on. We finally pried ourselves apart and started driving home. Sue was sitting right beside me rubbing my thigh. I was having a hard time driving with a raging hard on and she suggested, "Why don't you find a spot where we can alleviate some of your horniness?"

While we were looking for a spot to pull over in, I lowered the top half of her dress and started fondling her boobs. Sue said, "If you keep that up we'll have a wreck before we get stopped somewhere."

I replied, "Sorry I'm getting carried away, but I just can't help myself." Just then, two guys in another pickup truck pulled up beside us. The driver looked over and saw my wife sitting there half naked and getting felt up. He obviously told his buddy to look over too, and then he honked his horn at us. I told Sue, "It seems that we have some company." She turned her head to look over and waved at them as I turned on the interior light in the cab of the truck so they could see better. Sue turned to face them and cupped both of her tits and shook her shoulders as she, bounced them up and down for the audience in the truck.

Sue moved over to the door and rolled down the window, while continuing to play with her tits. She yelled to the guys, "Isn't this the best thing you've seen tonight?" The two guys were yelling comments back at her and this went on for a few more blocks.

I turned off that road before any of us had an accident. Sue turned back to me and said, "I sure enjoyed that, and now I am as hot as the two guys in that truck must be. I need to have to have sex with you pretty soon or I am going to rape you right here!"

I apologized for making her wait so long and suggested a motel. She didn't like that idea too much and said "We are between paydays and don't have enough money right now just get us home as soon as possible without a ticket!" 

Her dress was now around her waist. I spread her legs and inserted a finger past her G-string into her cunt. I moved my finger back and forth like a piston. After driving for about 10 minutes, she was in such a state that I knew she had to get fucked soon. 

I had now worked three fingers into Sue. In the past when she got to the three finger stage there was no going back. I knew she had to be fucked soon and once she started, her body needed to cum lots of times before she was satisfied. Sue was moaning now and in a husky voice, repeatedly said, "Please do me now! I just have to be fucked right now!"

After hearing this repeated a few times I was desperate for a plan to help her out. 

I finally took notice of where we were. We were driving close to Harry's place. He's a close friend that I work with and an idea took form in my mind. I said to Sue, "If you are that horny, maybe you are too hot for me to handle alone."

Sue slowly realized I had said something to her and when I repeated myself, she asked me in gasping words, "What do you have in mind?"

I devilishly said, "Harry's place is just a few blocks away. Maybe you need more than just me tonight I think he could help me fuck you."

When I said that, Sue's body instantly shook in an orgasm. When she came down from her orgasm, all she said was "Let's get there fast!" I was surprised by her reaction and by such a decisive reply.

After thinking about it, I realized that Sue had been interested in Harry for a while now because whenever he was around at our place, she always teased him with sexual innuendos. On those nights after he would leave, she was very aggressive in bed with me. I should have seen the signs earlier but we had never talked about getting him to join us in some fun. 

We got to Harry's apartment building and Sue rearranged her dress and coat. As we got out of the truck, she asked me, "How are we were going to arrange this? Harry has never shown much interest in me before."

I said, "I'll find some reason to leave you alone with him for a while and then once I leave you can seduce him." I then told her, "When I come back, I should be able to watch you two together. This was something we had shared a few times before with Sue with someone else or her watching me with another girl. It looked like we were going to try and make it happen again tonight.

Harry buzzed us up to his apartment and we sat down in his living area. He had a bachelor suite and the only furniture in the front room was a love seat, padded chair, TV, and stereo. The bedroom held a chest of drawers and a double bed. He was surprised to see us and said, "What brings you two here? It's nice of you to stop in because there is nothing good on the TV tonight and I am getting bored."

While I explained about the wedding and how we skipped out as soon as we could Harry being the gracious host helped Sue to take off her coat. When he saw the dress that Sue had on, he commented, "Wow! That is one sexy dress! You look really hot in it!"

Sue did a little pirouette for him and her top billowed out a bit, giving us a glimpse of her boobs. "Thanks! It's nice to know that you think I'm good looking." she said with a smile on her face.

We talked for a while and then I said, "I just remembered, I owe you ten bucks. Let me run down to the truck and I will get it for you." I jumped up and was out the door before he could say anything. 

I left Sue alone with him for a fair bit until I figured they had time enough to get things going, then went back up to his place. The door was still unlocked and I went in. Sue was sitting on the love seat and Harry was on the chair. I was disappointed to see they were still dressed as I gave the money to Harry and sat down beside Sue. 

Harry offered us a drink and went to make it. He found he was short of mix and headed out to the vending machine in the lobby to get some. I took this opportunity to ask Sue what had happened. Sue sounded disappointed when she told me, "Harry checked me out a lot. I was encouraged by the way he was looking at me, so I actually stood in front of him and lowered the front of my dress to display my tits for him."

"I could tell he liked what he saw, so I asked him if he wanted to fuck me." She then said, "He told me if the situation was different, h would, but he couldn't go around fucking a good friend's wife just for thrills... Seeing as how Harry doesn't want to have sex with me, maybe we should leave."

I thought about it for a bit. "I have a plan." I exclaimed, and then I told her of my plan. She thought my idea just might work. Harry came back with the mix for our drinks and we talked back and forth for a while.

As per the plan, when Sue was sipping her drink, she "accidentally" spilled some on her dress. She went to the bathroom to try to deal with the spill, and then she called me. I went to the bathroom and spent some time admiring my wife's almost naked body with a few touches and caresses.

For the next part of the plan, I went back and asked Harry, "Do you have a towel or something for Sue to wear while her dress dries a bit?" He gave me a towel and I took it back to the bathroom. Sue wrapped herself in the towel and came back in the living room with me.

That towel just barely covered her, and it was still showing half her nipples and just barely covered her G-string covered pussy. She sat gingerly beside me and I looked at Harry as I jokingly said, "I sure do like your choice of towels!"

While we sat there talking, Sue was having a hard time with the towel as it kept slipping at one end or the other. Harry was treated to some mild flashing and was quite open in his staring at her. Sue was starting to get flushed again and couldn't sit still, which means she was getting horny again. I figured it was time to get things going. I gave Sue the prearranged signal by rubbing her leg with mine and she got up and went and stood behind Harry's chair.

I looked over at Harry as Sue took off the towel and told him, "Sue told me what transpired earlier between you and her and although I admire your friendship, I am amazed that you passed up the chance to fuck her. Any other guy would have jumped at the chance for free pussy." I could still see Sue behind Harry. She was kneading her breasts and pulling on her nipples because of how turned on she was just then.

I heard him reply, "Believe me, it was a great temptation, but I don't do that kind of thing with a good friend's wife. Friendship is worth more than a piece of tail."

I looked him in the eye and asked him, "What would you do if I said it was alright to screw her and that I want to watch you do it? After that maybe we can both fuck her together."

That seemed to set him back and he sat for a bit, thinking, then he said, "You wouldn't mind if I had a roll in the hay with your wife? What happens afterwards? Are you going to be jealous and hold a grudge against me?"

I assured him, "Sue and I have done this before, and I can guarantee I won't hold a grudge against you because I like watching her get fucked by other guys every now and then. Tonight, I want to watch you fuck my wife, and Sue wants you, so that's where we stand."

Harry sure changed his attitude about fucking a friend's wife fast. He leaned towards me and asked, "How do we go about this then?"

I asked Sue to stand in the centre of the room. She came from behind Harry and stood in front of him in the centre of the room. The G-string might as well have been non-existent since it hardly covered anything. I looked at Harry and saw that he was admiring her body as she stood there.

Sue looked at me and said, "What do you want me to do next?" I told her, "Take off the G-string and tease Harry for a bit." She leaned forward and took off the G-string while watching Harry the entire time. As she straightened up, she shook her shoulders from side to side for him. Then, she started fondling her tits and it wasn't long before she was trying to make herself cum again.

One of her hands moved down and she inserted a finger into her pussy and moved it back and forth. Her hips started to get in the rhythm and soon, another digit joined the first in its brisk pace. She was lost in the sensation and it wasn't long before she dropped to her knees and softly cried out as she came. She composed herself slowly and then looked at me as if to say what next. I looked over at Harry and saw that he was doing what I was doing. W both were rubbing a hard lump in our pants. 

I went over to Sue and helped her up then lead her over to Harry. Sue climbed onto his chair with my help and straddled his legs with her breasts in his face. He instantly started to suck on her nipples and I returned to the love seat to watch. Sue was cupping her tits and pushing first one into Harry's mouth and then the other. Both of them were thoroughly enjoying themselves and seemed to forget I was even in the room.

I loosened my pants, released my now hard cock and slowly jacked it. Sue was breathing hard now as Harry had one hand on her pussy. Sue got up from the chair and led Harry to the centre of the room and took of his clothes. They lowered themselves to the floor and wasted no time in getting into the sixty-nine position, eating and sucking for all they were worth.

After watching this for a bit, I took off my clothes and lay down beside them. Harry had a talented tongue and made Sue cum again. He suggested to Sue that they move to the bed and off they went. Sue lay down and Harry grabbed her legs spread them open while standing at the foot of the bed.

I will never forget what Harry did next. He was holding Sue's legs apart as far as he could stretch them and then he jumped on to her and in one slam dunk, drove his six inch ramrod straight into her like he was diving into a swimming pool. He was immediately buried to the balls in her.

Harry had surprised the heck out of Sue not only by his sudden entry, but by how hard he entered her. Sue's reaction was to give a little shocked scream. She recovered fast and in a blur, wrapped her arms and legs around him. I looked on in wonder, watching them as their pace quickened and wondered who was fucking who. They both were going at it for all they were worth. Harry had lots of stamina and they switched positions every now and then. First, it was the missionary position, then doggy, followed with her on top, then her on top facing his feet. They finished on their sides facing each other with him holding one leg straight up in the air, so he could get deeper into her pussy.

What a porno show! I thought to myself I had never imagined anything this wild. She must have cum a couple of times when Harry said he was going to shoot his load. Sue doubled her pace and encouraged him to give it to her. He came, ramming her so hard that her head almost went through the head board, and she screamed as he filled her up.

They lay there tangled in each other's limbs, covered in sweat and breathing like they had been starved of air for a week. Sue was the first to move, as she turned to look at me, and said, "That was wonderful! Give me some time to rest and it's your turn next." After Harry got off the bed, I could not wait anymore because I was so turned on by watching them earlier. I hopped on the bed between Sue's legs and entered her hot and juicy love tunnel. When I hit bottom, I started pile driving her sopping cunt. We were going at it hard and fast with Sue taking everything I gave her, and when I could not hold it any longer, I filled her pussy with my seed.

Harry and I sat on the edge of the bed and just looked at each other as Sue went to clean up. He thanked me for the experience of having sex with Sue and I replied, "No problem, but I don't think she is finished yet."

He looked at me and said with disbelief, "You have got to be kidding! After what she just did you think she will want more?"

I smirked as I said, "Just watch and see." Sue got back on the bed and looked over at us as she started rubbing her hands all over her body. I knew this tactic of hers, because she used it on me a lot when she wanted more sex and was trying to get a reaction.

Sue looked over at us and stated, "As soon as you guys are ready, I still have more of an itch that needs scratching."

I bragged to Harry, "See, she still wants more. "If you are like me, you need some time to recharge the system."

Harry reached into his night stand and tossed Sue a dildo and told her, "If you're so horny, use that for a while."

Sue did just that. Watching her use the dildo soon got Harry and me hard again. When she saw that we were both rock hard, she said, "Bill, get on the bed on your back." When I did, she straddled me and mounted my shaft as she slowly started to fuck me. She leaned forward on me and rubbed her nipples on my chest while she told Harry, Fuck my ass. Go slow for a bit until I get used to you."

There was enough lubricant from her pussy and he slipped in with minimal resistance. I could feel his cock through that membrane in her and we soon settled into a rhythm. Since both Harry and I had cum before, we fucked her for what seemed like hours. Towards the end every time Sue came she would buck violently and scream into my mouth. With action like that it wasn't long before Harry came and I was not far behind him. We all untangled ourselves and got off the bed.

After another rest, Sue wanted another go around, so Harry and I both did her again. This time, when we finished with her body she just laid there. Sue was finally worn out so I picked her up and took her into the bathroom to clean her up. As she soaked in the tub she slowly started to come back to the land of the living. 

We said our goodbyes to Harry and Sue appeared to be almost asleep on her feet. Harry reached down to pick something off the floor. It was Sue's g-string. He was going to give it back to me but I told him, "You can return it next time."

Sue and I finally made it home and as I tucked Sue in bed, she said to me, "I had a wonderful time tonight. I sure would like to do that again. Was fucking Harry a bad thing or did you enjoy me acting like that?"
