 NOTE- ALL characters are of legal age

Special thanks to Latendresse for his input and editing.

*

Sue had arrived at the party with a couple of her new friends, Jennifer and Cindy. She was fairly new to the Arizona area, and had met Jennifer and Cindy when she made the Pom squad last sememster. Her family had moved to Arizona from their home in Virginia. 

Sue was only an average seeming girl, shy, more sexy than beautiful, but beneath her plain appearance she was gifted with a fantastic body. Her long dark hair fell to her shoulders above a set ofher 36c breasts. She had curvy hips and a perfect ass. Despite her body, she was very self conscious about her appearance. She didn't think she was very pretty and had doubts about her body, despite the fact that her last boyfriend would always compliment her on her appearance. 

Sue had lost her virginity a year earlier to Tommy. But they broke up when her family moved. Despite promising to call everyday, they lost touch over the months. She missed Tommy and his gentle touch. 

Now, standing here at the party, she surveyed the scene. She fitted in a little better than she thought she would. She wasn't dating anyone, and missed having a boyfriend. Jennifer and Cindy were her only friends at school. They had tried to set her up a couple of times, but the guys just wanted to maul her ample breasts. Jennifer had drifted off to the keg, and Cindy was talking to her boyfriend who had just arrived. Jennifer brought her a beer and they drank while laughing at some of the people who were already drunk. 

Jennifer's boyfriend finally arrived, and after 20 minutes or so, they left in his car. Sue then saw her other friend, Cindy, leave with her boyfriend and Sue was thankful she had driven, so she would at least have a ride home. Cindy noticed the look on Sue's face as she left, and smiled to herself knowing Sue wouldn't be lonely for long. Out of the corner of her eye, Sue noticed a small group of jocks checking her out. She started to blush at the thought they were looking at her. 

One of the guys, a nice looking guy named Ken, wandered over. He was a big guy, over 6 feet tall and on the all the sports teams. He came over and asked if she was having a good time. 

" Yeah, but it is a little tough, I still don't know many people." Sue 

replied. 

Ken laughed and said, " Don't worry about it, I went through the same thing when I transferred here last year." 

Sue was relieved to have someone to talk to and Ken seemed really nice. They walked onto the deck where someone had some pot. Sue had never smoked before, but didn't want to cause a scene. She tried it and coughed for 2 minutes after her first hit. By the time the bowl made it back to her she already had a good buzz. She told Ken she had enough and they went back into the house. They wandered around the house until they came to one of the bedrooms. The door was open and they could see a girl named Denise giving her boyfriend a blowjob! They watched for a minute, and Sue was beginning to feel aroused by what she saw. Ken took her hand and they went down the hall to another room. There was no one inside and they ducked in. 

Sue and Ken sat on the end of the bed. The pot had made Sue a little light headed and she laid back on the mattress. Ken laid down beside her on the bed a propped himself up on his elbow. He looked down at Sue and asked, " Do you feel alright?" 

Sue replied, "I just feel a little funny, I'm okay." 

Ken smiled down on her and leaned forward for a kiss. Sue responded to his efforts and turned her body onto her side. She kissed him back as they made out. After a minute, Ken brought his had up to her breast. Sue didn't object as he moved his fingers to unbutton her blouse. He undid just enough buttons to get his hand into her blouse and he gently squeezed her tit through her bra. Sue groaned her approval into his mouth. 

Encouraged by this, he reached between her tits and undid her bra. Sue felt her tits fall free and was happy when his hand found its way back onto her breast. Ken firmly squeezed her tit, while his fingers traced circles around her nipple. 

Sue was really getting aroused and enjoying the attention he was paying to her tits. Ken couldn't believe his luck. He had thought Sue was hot, but couldn't believe a little pot made her so horny. Sue, on the other hand, didn't intend to go much further than letting him feel her up. Perhaps, she might rub his cock, but she had no intention of fucking him. 

Ken left her tits and slowly ran his hand up her thigh, and under her skirt. Just before reaching her pussy, Sue put her hand down there to stop him. Ken was patient and didn't move his hand any further, but he didn't pull it out either. He broke their kiss and started to kiss her neck and her ear. Her boyfriend used to do this and it drove her crazy. She was lost in her memories and didn't notice Ken's hand moving until it reached her panties. Her hand was over his, but she didn't move his hand. He started to kiss her again and she decided to let him touch her sex. She slowly opened her legs and moved her hand away. Ken started to lightly run his fingers over her panty covered pussy. After he could feel her panties becoming wet, he slid his hand inside them. Sue was so wet and began to suck on his tongue. Ken was happy with her response and slipped a finger into her honey pot. 

Sue was in turmoil. She hardly knew Ken, but he was affecting her like her boyfriend never did. His very touch burned her skin. When his finger entered her pussy, she groaned and thrust her pelvis at him. She was acting like a slut and didn't care. Ken was taking his time and didn't increase his efforts. Sue slid her hand to his jeans and was shocked at the size of him. 

Sue was so lost in her rapture, she didn't notice Ken's friend Tim enter the room. Ken noticed and was wondering what took his buddy so long to arrive. They both wanted a shot at Sue's hot body, and decided had earlier hatched a plan that if either of them scored, he would to share her with the other. Tim stripped off his clothes. 

Sue was still on her side and Tim slid onto the bed behind her. 

He reached over and started to rub her big round ass. Sue loved the feeling and it took her a moment to realize what was happening. She turned onto her back to protest. 

"Wha,wha,what are you doing?" she stammered. 

"Relax, enjoy the moment." Ken told her. He hadn't stopped moving his fingers in her pussy and she hadn't tried pulling them out. 

"But...." Sue started but had to stop as Ken bent down to kiss her again. She surrendered to his kiss but her mind was racing. She felt Tim move to kiss her neck and felt his hand on hers. Tim moved her hand to his cock. It felt good in her hand and she started to stroke it. Ken rolled away and began to strip. Sue turned her head to watch him strip as Tim started to rub her pussy. Ken was very muscular but it was his cock that amazed her. 

It was huge, almost 9" long and very thick. Ken saw her watching him and smiled. He moved back onto the bed and started to kiss her again, telling her how beautiful she was. 

Sue was laying there between 2 naked guys, with her blouse half unbuttoned 

and her skirt around her waist. Her hand was still wrapped around Tim's 

cock, and her other hand reached for Ken's cock. Ken pulled away slightly and told her, "Show us your tits." 

Sue pulled her other hand from Tim's cock and unbuttoned her blouse completely. When she pulled her blouse open, her nipples became even harder as she felt the breeze from the ceiling fan.

Ken began to lick her around her nipples, never quite touching them. Sue was going crazy and kept trying to guide his head to her nipples. 

Meanwhile, Tim had moved down the bed and began to slide her panties off. Sue put her hands down there to stop him, but when Ken finally put one of her nipples in his mouth, she stopped resisting and grabbed Ken's hair with both hands. 

Tim took advantage of the opportunity and quickly slid her soaked panties down her legs. He was rewarded by the sight of her neatly trimmed pussy. 

Sue's pussy lips were fat and swollen and her pussy was drenched with her juices. Tim quickly separated her thighs and began licking around her pussy lips, being careful to avoid her clit. He put just tips of his fingers in her pussy and teased her asshole with his finger tips. Sue needed relief and grabbed his hair with her one free hand and tried to guide him where she wanted. Ken stopped sucking her nipples and began to lightly pinch them. He watched as his buddy was driving Sue crazy. Tim buried 2 fingers in her pussy and Sue groaned. She was rocking her hips back and forth and humping his fingers. 

Tim pulled his face away and asked Sue, "What do you want me to do?" 

Sue was going insane with her passion. All she said was," PLEASE!" 

"NO! Tell me what you want me to do." Tim replied with a smile. 

Sue couldn't believe she was saying this, " Lick meeeeee, pleeeease!" she moaned. 

Tim smiled and told her, "Then spread you legs for me." 

Sue spread her legs wide. She no longer cared about what they were thinking of her. All she wanted at that moment was to feel Tim's tongue on her throbbing clit. Ken began to pull both her nipples and the feeling was electric. When Tim didn't start licking her Sue raised her head to see what was happening. 

Tim smiled and told her, " Wider." 

Sue spread her legs as wide as she could but Tim told her, " You will have to do better than that!" 

She began to cry with her frustration and reached down to her thighs and pulled her legs back and spread them as far as she could. As soon as she did this, Tim dove into her pussy. He added a third finger into her pussy and began to lick her clit. Sue had an orgasm almost immediately. She came so hard she almost broke Tim's fingers and bucked her hips so violently that she nearly broke Tim's nose. Ken was so turned on that he came in his hand. 

As she lay there panting, trying to catch her breath, Tim moved up between her legs and slid his dick in her still spastic pussy. He began to ride her hard. He reached down and started to roughly tweak her nipples. Sue was barely recovered from her first orgasm but she felt she was close to another. Before she could get off, Tim came deep in her pussy. She felt him shoot his come deep into her pussy and didn't care that she wasn't on the pill. 

Ken had recovered by this time and moved to take Tim's place. He slowly slid his dick up and down her wet channel to get it good and slick. 

Then, he slowly started to drive that monster into her young pussy. Sue groaned as she felt his size but couldn't help but tense up. Ken held still once he had gotten the entire thing in her. After a moment, Sue relaxed and he slowly began to stroke in and out of her. 

Sue was starting to enjoy the feeling and Tim began to work on her tits again. Tim began to give her little bites all over her breasts, and Sue knew they would leave marks. Ken began to pick up the pace and Sue felt another orgasm coming on. As Ken began slamming into her pussy, Sue let out a cry as she came again, "AAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIEEE!" 

Ken couldn't hold on and added his sperm to her abused little pussy.Ken rolled off after he came, and the three of them just lay there for a few moments. After she came down, Sue was feeling ashamed and started to cry. The guys comforted her and assured her that nobody would ever find out. 

The guys helped her dress, and Tim slipped from the room and Sue & Ken 

followed 15 minutes later. The party had pretty much died down when they got downstairs, and Ken walked her to her car. Ken kissed her goodbye and watched as she drove off. 

He walked back inside and Tim was talking to Mike. Mike's parents owned the house. Ken walked over and smiled. He asked Mike, " Did the tape come out alright?" 

Sue had no idea she was on close circuit television that night, and would always wonder about the looks she got from some of the guys.