 Mike saw the last of the guests out of the house and shut the door. He looked around the living room at all the empty bottles and glasses. He stretched leaning back against the door and let out a noisy yawn. The place was a wreck but the cleaning would have to be done tomorrow.

"Tired?" a voice said.

Mike jumped a little and looked up and saw Marilyn walking down the stairs that led up to the bedrooms into the living room.

"Yeah, I must be," he said. "You startled me."

She just smiled at him. Then she raised her hand up and he saw that she was holding two swimsuits.

"Your lovely wife and I are going for a swim," she said. "You should join us."

"So that's where she is."

"She's already in naked and everything."

"Jesus."

"I'm bringing her a swimsuit in case the neighbors look out their windows."

"Thank you."

"Are you coming out?"

"Maybe in a bit."

Marilyn went out the sliding glass doors that led to the pool. He put his head in his hands. Why couldn't his wife just drink like a normal person. Why did it always end up with blacking out or getting naked or worse. 

He walked up the stairs to the master bedroom. He did not want to see what the guest bathroom looked like.

He walked in the room where earlier he had ran into Marilyn who he was sure had been doing lines in the bathroom. He could see it in his wife's eyes that she had been doing it if he couldn't tell on Marilyn. Marilyn was the only place he knew that she could get it anyway.

His wife was not with her in the bathroom when he saw Marilyn earlier. She had accosted him then, insisting that he kiss her. He tried to refuse but the next thing he knew she was giving him head on the bathroom counter. When it was over and he had come in her mouth and she swallowed in down, she kissed him and said, "Don't worry. She was mine long before I gave her to you."

Marilyn had been his wife's college roommate in the eighties at FSU. She had been staying with them now since her separation from her husband six months ago. At first, he liked having Marilyn around, but he had been sleeping with her for nearly 3 months now and the guilt was getting to him. Not only was he cheating on his wife, but over the years he had developed a friendship with her husband Frank who was still in Cincinnati. He had begun to tell himself that he needed Marilyn to leave and that the only reason she had come was to break up their marriage, 

Becky had mentioned that things had happened between them in school, but something about what Marilyn had said earlier that night after going down on him had made him nervous. He decided to put on some trunks and go for a swim.

The water will wake me up enough he thought, and a couple of laps will make me that good tired you get after you exercise before going to bed.

He put on his trunks and went downstairs, through the living room and out the sliding glass doors. When he came to the pool he jumped in. He had seen them close before he dived, but it did not register until he was underwater. He came up quickly and wiped his eyes.

Marilyn and Becky were kissing across the pool from him. Becky was still naked under the water. They broke apart.

"Baby," His wife called. She was slurring. "Baby come here!"

He swam over to her.

"Mari wanted me to put on a suit, but I told her I didn't want to."

"I said she needed to get in the water if she wouldn't put it on," Marilyn said.

"No one will see." 

He just shrugged and looked at them- exact opposites- his wife with dark hair that formed tight curls when it was not wet with her rail thin physique and small breasts and dark nipples versus Marilyn with straight blonde hair and a voluptuous build with big, full breast and light pink, puffy nipples.

"Come here," his wife said to him.

He was unsure, but he listened anyway. He was silent, unable to control his movements. His wife kissed him.

"Mmm," she said and turning to Marilyn. "He's not as soft- but I like firm. It's a toss up."

"What's that?" he said.

"Who's a better kisser," his wife said. "She's soft, you're firm."

"Let me see," Marilyn said and floated ever next to him.

He started to move back.

"Yes, Mari, see," she said and laughed. "He's very firm."

So he let Marilyn kiss him.

"Mmmm," she said and she was rubbing his crotch.

Then Becky came over and he felt their hands alternate as she kissed him. Then she kissed Marilyn again.

"See?" she said. "Different."

Marilyn had her hands down his pants and was rubbing his erection. Then he felt Becky's hands pulling at his trunks.

"No," he said. "We all need to go to bed."

He backed over to the wall and pulled himself up on the side, but Becky had not let go of his shorts. She pulled them down and she took him in her mouth as he sat on the side.

"Your husband is such a sweet man," Marilyn said. "Not like mine."

"It's okay," Becky said. "I'll share him."

She brought Marilyn over to him and she took him in her mouth. They spent some time alternating between sucking his head and his balls.

"Let's go inside," Marilyn said.

He stood up as Marilyn got out of the pool. They had to help Becky who could barely stand. Together they took her upstairs to the master bedroom. He put her down on the bed as Marilyn stripped her suit off. She came over and lay on top of Becky. Mike was rubbing between Becky's legs.

"Uhhn," she said looking at him. "Baby you're so good. Gimme your cock."

"In her mouth," Marilyn said and then to Becky: "I'm going to lick you until your eyes roll back in your head."

He brought Becky back so she was all the way on the bed and so that also Marilyn could get on. He put his penis up to her mouth and she took it. Then he was getting his dick sucked watching as Marilyn licked his wife. He leaned over to Marilyn's hips and spread her legs. He spread her lips with his fingers and started tonguing her.

They stayed that way for a while until he felt his wife's mouth come off him. She started moaning loudly. Marilyn pushed his head away so she could concentrate. Becky moaned louder. After another minute she was screaming in orgasm.

Marilyn came off of her and came up and kissed her.

"You taste like pussy," his wife said.

"No, darling that's you," she said.

"Mmmm," his wife said. She was very sleepy-eyed and barely awake. "I'm going to sleep now."

He looked at Marilyn's naked body. Then Becky woke again.

"Don't fuck, now," she said, "Please. You can- whatever, but don't fuck him."

Then she was asleep again. Marilyn crawled across the bed to him and straddled him.

"I guess we're on restriction," he said, kissing her. He could feel the head of his cock at the parting place between her lips. 

She was not even listening to him.

"We shouldn't," he said.

"Shut up," she said. "Shut up and fuck me."

He felt himself slide up inside of her.

"Fuck me," she said. She was riding him. "Fuck me and come all the way up inside of me."

"Oh, god," he said.

"He's not here," she said. "It's me. You're fucking me."

"Yes!"

He pushed her off him and onto her back. He pulled one leg up and put it on his shoulder and entered her from the front. He was getting all the way in that way.

She was tight, he thought. How was she so tight? And now she was extremely wet and all there was was the friction of moisture like tires on the pavement on a rainy day. God, she is sex, he thought. No, sexy, I mean. She was crying out now. 


"Harder, harder."

He increased the force. No, she's sex. She is sex. If Beck is love, then she must be sex.

"You're sex," he told her. "Pure sex."

"FuckmeFuckmeFuckme! Aaaaaaaagh!"

He felt her come, but he wouldn't stop. He kept going and a few moments later he felt himself exploding up inside of her. 

He fell down on her exhausted.

"Jesus," he said and then almost as if correcting himself: "Mari."

She kissed him and made him roll back. She kept him inside of her though and he felt the mixture of fluids on his softening penis. She came off him and deposited his load on his stomach.

"Boys are messy," she said.

"So clean it up."

She started licking it up and Becky stirred. She didn't wake up. By the time she as done, Mike would be hard and ready to fuck her again.