 This is a shorter story than I usually write. I came up with this one after a friend told me about the first threesome he had with his wife and my wife. There is not much background information in this one, but there should be enough written to give everyone the gist of the story.

*****

Jill, my wife, and Sue, the wife of my best friend Bill were out on a girl's night out. The two of them had been planning this for a couple of weeks now and had been giddy when they went out the door. On girl's nights out I normally would have had Bill here with me, but he was in the middle of a month long shutdown, so by the time he got home he hit the hay as soon as he could and was back at work early. So with the house to myself I vegged out sitting in front of the TV enjoying a porn video I bought the week before.

The porn was about a guy that gets to have a threesome with two women. When I bought it I was hoping to show it to Jill to show her what my favourite fantasy involved. I had been on her case for a while trying to talk her into a threesome with another woman, but so far she hadn't committed to the idea. Usually Jill was up for anything new to try in the bedroom but this was something that she was dragging her heels on. She hadn't said no, but she hadn't agreed either. 

I watched the film as I imagined Jill as one of the women, That just naturally got me horny. I was hoping that when Jill got home she would be horny because I sure needed some relief. When Jill finally got home she still had Sue with her, and when they came in the door they had some packages under their arms. Both of them were giggling up a storm. 

When they had these girl's night out, they usually stuck to just two drinks because any more than that they could get carried away with things. The giggles were a sure sign they had more than their customary couple of wines and that meant they had been up to some devilment.

Bill and I found out that fact about them losing their morals after drinking a bit too much one night. Bill had made a fun dare to swap with each others spouse and the two of them actually agreed. That night was so much fun we decided to continue to swap every month or so. We all found the swapping fun and exciting. After all, doing something so taboo, and against the norm makes doing it so much more thrilling and stimulating, so a guy just has to do more of it for the high it gives you.

I was glad the girls came home when they did because with them having too much wine and all the horny guys that are in bars they could get carried away and do something they would be sorry for. After all, with the low cut tops and short skirts they wore over their firm bodies it looked like they were on the make. With them dressed like that I was pretty sure they would attract all sorts of attention from the wrong type of guys.

The thought of them getting picked up in a bar was giving me the start of a good woody. That was another fantasy of mine. I would love to see Jill used by a stranger. When we swapped with Bill and Sue it was pretty hot watching my wife with Bill, so in my minds kinky way a stranger would be the icing on the cake.

Yeah I know I had one deviant mind thinking about Jill fucking strangers or having threesomes, but that was me.

After the two of them came in they were looking at me strangely which made me wonder what was up. "Guess what honey," Jill exclaimed. "As we were driving by Marks Shoes they had a big sign out front advertising a big blow out sale they were having! Remember those four- inch strap high heels you thought I would look good in? Well they were seventy-five percent off, so we both got a pair."

Sue added, "As well as a few other things that were priced so low they were begging to be bought."

It figures if there was a store within ten miles that had a sale sign in the window, they just had to go in and save a bunch of money.

With that said the two of them excitedly opened the boxes and proudly showed me their prize acquisitions. The way they were carrying on you would think they had got a blue ribbon for their work getting those shoes or something.

I made the appropriate sounds of approval with a, "Those are great looking, and a good deal as well, great job dear." I wasn't upset in the least about Jill's purchase because, those girls looked pretty good in heels and these ones would shape up their legs and ass just fine. Not that they needed much assistance in looking good. They were both pretty hot looking with shapely bodies with all the bumps and curves in the right spots. But the biggest reason I wasn't complaining about their purchases was, with Jill feeling so happy about the shoes I was sure there would be some hot bedroom action later. She always felt guilty after splurging and a good romp in the hay was just her way of saying thanks for not being upset with the purchases.

"Man what a score," Sue gushed as she told me. "We felt so good after buying these we celebrated by having a couple of extra wines at the bar." She looked at Jill and said, "Let's go try these shoes on now and break them in a bit. Bill's going to love me in these."

I think that the drinks they had were clouding their minds a bit and they didn't realize they were talking loud enough for me to hear as they were heading down the hall. I heard Jill in a soft voice say, "It's a good thing we left the bar when we did, that guy Greg sure wanted in your pants."

"Well not as bad as Al was with you. He was sure putting on the moves, and I noticed he had his hands on your ass and you weren't complaining when you danced." Sue replied."

Just before the bedroom door closed, I heard, "Oh well, maybe next time."

"Next time?" My mind said, "What does that mean? Just how close did they come to playing around? Let me tell you I may have had the start of a woody before but those comments I heard added to the hardness.

I sat there thinking to myself, that's something to think about. Would Jill actually go for a quick fuck on the side? After all, picking up a stranger is a big step. Would Sue join in? I would love to watch or at least hear about it in their own words if it did happen. I'm going to have to ask Jill how she feels about that."

I could hear a fair bit of giggling from them and while they were gone I organized the home theatre system putting the porn away and switching back to the TV from the video player. It took at least ten minutes for them to come out of the bedroom. Their giggling had escalated to full blown laughter at times.

Oh well as long as they were having fun.

I again sat on the sofa as I heard the door open then I could hear the click of heels as they came down the hall towards me. I figured they probably wanted my opinion on how the shoes looked while they were wearing them. That clicking sound of their heels got louder the nearer they got. 

They came around the corner in front of me and stopped there. My jaw hit the floor. They were naked as they day they were born except for wearing those heels. Another thing I noticed was the both of them had redone their makeup, applying it a lot heavier, giving them that hooker look. Jill also had a blanket in one hand which she threw on the floor at my feet. They then got big smiles on their faces and pranced about like strippers in some sleazy bar who were trolling for big tips by showing off everything they had.

I was so surprised I almost didn't hear Jill say, "Like what you see." The two of them faced me, spread their legs displaying the neatly trimmed bushes over their pussies, and pulled their shoulders back making their firm tits stand out. That posture gave me a full frontal view of their sexy bodies and all their charms. 

"How about now?" Jill purred, "Maybe this is better," as the two of them slowly turned presenting their bodies to the best effect in front of me. They added some tittie jiggling and pelvis thrusts to emphasize just how sexy they were.

Sue added, "I think he more than likes what he sees, let's give him a closer look." The two of them did a sexy runway walk as they came over to me. Sue leaned over me shaking her tits in my face. When I tried to capture one in my mouth she pulled back and giggled at me. Then the two of them sat on either side of me. They wiggled around making sure I was squeezed in between them.

My sweet wife purred in my ear. "Remember that fantasy of yours about having a threesome? Well dear it's about to happen,"

Talk about getting an erection in record time. It just seemed to spring out of my body.

They were both turned into my sides which meant I could feel those hard nipples of theirs poking me through my tee shirt. They suddenly developed wandering hands, and were running them all over my body. They were taking turns leaning over me turning my head back and forth alternating giving me kisses.

"How long have you been planning this?" I said between kisses.

"For a while now," Jill commented. "It took a while to work out the time we could do this so all we could do was plan. Tonight worked out good for both of us so you are going to get a workout tonight. Our lady's night out was just an excuse to plan for this. Marks store with the sale was a bonus."

I had been hoping for this to happen for so long and waited for what seemed like forever for it to happen so my mind was swirling as I realized it was actually going to happen. 

There was no way I was going to sit there and not do anything while two hot naked girls sat on either side of me and worked me over. I knew both of their bodies pretty well so I got in the game and started doing some caressing of my own. The first thing I did was run my hands up the inside of both their legs until I met two juicy pussies. I guess while they had been planning the evening's event it had an effect on them making them horny thus the already juicy pussies. 

Knowing their pussies were primed, I put my arm around Sue and gave her a tongue swapping kiss which she gave back in spades. Of course I just had to use my other hand to do some fondling of her firm tits. Once that Kiss was finished I turned my attention and did the same to Jill. I went back and forth between them and each time I was kissing one, the fondling of their boobs got to be more forceful. I changed tactics and instead of kissing them on the lips I tried to devour their nipples which they seemed to like.

Sue was stroking my cock through my pants and it was getting uncomfortable. If I didn't make some room for that fuck tool to expand more it was going to get painful. The two of them must have been reading my mind because they started to strip me. I was helping all I could while still getting in the odd feel and kiss. Once naked we all continued to caress and fondle each other. Believe me I had a hard on that was second to none.

Sue again was playing with my cock, which was now fully hard and told Jill, "Look at this Jill, he's hard as a rock; I'm going to have some fun with this cock." Sue slipped down on her knees in front of me and took my tool in her mouth. There was no playing around, she opened her mouth and went right to the base of my cock. I was sure she was trying to consume the whole thing. Jill not to be outdone in trying to thrill me had captured my tongue when I French kissed her and had it between her teeth while still flicking her tongue over my captured tongue. That did indeed feel different and I thought to myself I was getting consumed from both ends. I was loving everything they were doing to me and if there's a heaven, this is a lot better than I figured it would be like.

Things were progressing nicely and the girls decided it was time to take it to a higher level. Jill released my tongue and slipped down to the floor and taking that blanket she had thrown at my feet earlier spread it around. Sue stopped sucking me and pulled me down and positioned me on my back in the middle of the blanket. They lay down one on each side of me and continued to give my body an erotic workout and the three of us were doing a lot of groping whenever there was an opening.

Jill couldn't wait anymore so she straddled me and not only just slipped my rock hard cock into her waiting pussy, but slammed herself down on it. "You are going to get the fucking of your life so you better hang on," she laughingly said.

Who was I to argue?

Sue then straddled my head and lowered her pussy over my mouth. "Eat me, I'm ready to cum and I want you to swallow every drop," Sue ordered me.

How could I refuse? Pussy juice for a snack, what more could a guy ask for?

I had my tongue licking out her pussy as I sucked it for all I was worth. Jill was doing her thing where she rocked violently back and forth on my cock like she was trying to break it off.

I soon was about ready to cum. They must have sensed that, because they stopped the action and once things cooled off a bit they swapped positions. They did that more than a few times and I was sure they were going to make the fucking last as long as they could. That was frustrating as hell on a guy that wanted to get his rocks off in the worst way.

I know they both came multiple times because of the cum I was eating out of them and when I was finally allowed to cum it was in Jill's pussy.

I was still horny and only needed a short rest to recuperate. Mind you the two of them were working like crazy to get me hard again. Once hard they continued on with their rotation and soon I was back to eating cum from the two of their pussies while at the same time having a great fucking from some pretty hot, and slippery pussy's.

After exhaustion finally set in, Jill lay there and said to Sue, "That was fun I bet if your husband knew about this threesome he would want to try it to."

Sue replied, "Oh I know he would, so maybe we should plan on doing this with him one day."

Jill smiled and told her, "When do you think we should plan on giving Bill his surprise. I hear he likes cum fuck me boots so we will have to keep an eye out for them."

Sue giggled and replied, "Sounds like a plan, but if we are going to surprise him like we did Sam here we have to make sure Sam doesn't tell Bill about what is going to happen to him." She giggled as she then said, "I think we will have to keep Sam busy so he can't give our surprise away."

She then looked at me with a silly grin on her face and said to me, "So Sam just how should we keep you from telling Bill what we have planed for him?"

I just laid there thinking of all the possible ways they could bribe me to keep quiet.