 This story is another one about me and my wife Sue. Yes it is an actual true story of our younger more adventurous days. This story is no exception in that I do not write them with much descriptive sex in them. I like to think that my style is more of describing the chase, than the actual catch. I do think this story should have enough facts for you to use your imagination to fill it in though.

I have to thank (honeywldcat) for the fine editing skills without which this effort would not be readable.

*

I was working up north on a job where we worked twelve hours a day, on a rotation of eleven days in, and three days out. I used to get off work on that last day at about six at night have a quick shower, a bite to eat and hit the road for home. I always looked forward to enjoying my three days at home with the family. After working all day and then driving five hours to get home I would finally get home at around midnight.

I had a standing request for Sue to be wearing one of her sexy lingerie outfits for me when I arrived home. I figured after working those kind of hours I needed something to cheer me up when I got home and Sue was happy to accommodate me. Most nights when I walked into the bedroom she would be laying on top of the blankets waiting for me, dressed sexy as all get out. I tell you with her dressed like that it sure picked me up, and needless to say most times I had a great welcome home.

One week when I had phoned home before leaving the camp she had told me not to expect much when I got home. I could understand her being tired because she was taking care of our two kids and working also. She had also told me she was working four hours extra every day for the last week because the company was reorganizing all the offices to make some more room. Everyone was moving furniture and stuff after their regular hours so the tradesmen could do their thing knocking down walls etc in the night.

When I got home and went into the house that night, I was as quiet as I could be. When I got into bed with her Sue didn't even wake up, but she did roll over and cuddle next to me.

The next morning was the start of a long weekend, so I had an extra day at home on this rotation. I let Sue sleep in that morning and I took the kids out for breakfast and a bit of shopping just to let her rest for a while more. The kids were teens now and could mostly take care of themselves, but I liked to still have my time with them when I was home. Besides with all of us out of the house it would be a lot quieter there for Sue. Just after lunch when we arrived back home Sue was just getting out of bed.

Sue wrapped her arms around me and then gave me a proper welcome home kiss. She held me close as she told me, "I didn't even hear you come in last night, thanks for being so considerate and letting me sleep in. I was worn right out when I went to bed. I really appreciate the extra rest." She stopped for a bit and when the kids weren't listening she whispered, "I'm thinking that after you have been so nice to me that maybe tonight I will show you how much I appreciate your thoughtfulness." She had a grin on her face when she added, "By having a play night."

Oh Boy, that sure got my attention. Play night, or play time is one of our magic words. When she uses those words it let's me know she was going to let me have unlimited access to her body that night. These nights meant she wanted to have lots of orgasms and she expected me to give them to her. How I made her cum was up to my discretion and usually meant I would use vibrators, fingers, tongues and anything else to get her off as many times as I could. The only restriction to this play time was that she wouldn't allow any pain.

Needless to say after her telling me we could play that night, I walked around with a hard on for the rest of the afternoon as I ploted how to get her off as many times as her body could stand.

Doing these play nights all started when we were still dating. We found out on one particular date that she enjoyed having plenty of orgasms. The night I am refurring to was a night I made her cum more than thirty times and Sue found she loved the the feeling of having plentiful multiple orgasms. It all started when we had made a date and I went to pick her up from her basement suite where she was living. What we had planned to do that night was to go out and meet our friends at the neighbourhood A&W and then just go with the flow with what everyone agreed on doing that night.

It was snowing and blowing like crazy that night and we changed our plans and decided to stay in and keep warm. After all, we would rather be inside than going out to freeze our butts off. It wasn't long until the two of us were naked on the couch and enjoying each others bodies. We were still doing a lot of experimenting back then, and as we experimented we found that when I started to get close to cumming that if Sue gripped the base of my cock and squeezed and I stopped moving for a while I could retain my hardness a lot longer without cumming. That meant we both could enjoy each other more.

That night there was no urgency in our love making so we took our time and Sue playfully started to count how many times I was making her come. It became a contest to see how many times I could actuallyget her off. I wound up using fingers, tongue, my cock, and even a candle and hair brush on her. Anything to make her cum. Thirty-one was the magic number that night, and three times for me. Most of her orgasms were not the earth shaking kind and fairly mild, but the big ones she had were almost wall climbers for her. She later told me that she had enjoyed that night tremendously.

Sue soon began to look forward to those times and through some experimenting we found she had a need to have her body used to excess every so often. Sue found that four times a year seemed to satisfy the urge she had to have as many orgasms as her body could take in one night. So to help in this activity we went and bought some vibrators and dildos and of course a couple of cock rings for those nights.

Well, maybe those toys weren't used just on those nights. I found myself looking forward to when we would have one of those events happening. Sue had also set an objective of having a minimum of twenty-five orgasms for these play times.

Over the last few years because of kids, work, and normal life getting in the way, our play times had regrettably been put on the back burner, so her telling me it was play time tonight was a pleasant surprise. To make a long story short, that day we started out in the late afternoon in my blazer truck. My dad had picked up the kids in the afternoon because he was taking them to some show they just had to see the next day, and the kids were staying with grandma and grandpa for couple of nights before they came back home.

I had her wear her black teddy, gee string, stay up stockings and four inch heels. Her teddy was covered by a wrap around dress that was easy to remove. I also brought along a bag of a few other things. Tonight for a change of pace I wanted to drive around on the back roads in the county and play there. This was the first time we were going to do this out of the house, so it made things feel a lot more stimulating. It was still bright out when we started our adventure and as soon as we got a few miles from home I undid her sundress and it was tossed into the back seat. I then proceeded to play with her nipples and pussy as we slowly drove around.

I always had a fantacyof having her exibit her body to others, so I made sure that some other lucky guys got a glimpse of her as we drove around. We even stopped at a camp site in the provincial park north of our place, and I took some pictures of her posing on a picnic table with my polaroid camera. About the time she had removed her g-string and teddy I noticed a few guys hiding behind some bushes watching us from about thirty feet away. When Sue saw them watching she asked for a dildo and put on a great show for them as she used it on her pussy. I took a few pictures and played with her nipples while she put on her show for the hikers.

The sun was slowly setting when we left the park and we continued driving the back roads. Let me tell you after the playing in the campsite Sue was hot to trot. As we drove I brought out a few more vibrators and dildos, and was using those on her every now and then. Needless to say after a few orgasms if we wouldn't have brought a towel along the seat in the truck would have been soaked.

It was now dark and at one point we had stopped in a sheltered location on the north end of Hastings Lake and she kneeled on the passenger seat and was sucking me as I reached under and around Sue with my two hands pumping a vibrator in her pussy and a smaller dildo in her ass at the same time. That really got her going.

Later we moved to the back seat where while I lay on my back I used two big dildos and my tongue on Sue's pussy and ass while she sucked me. This action brought her up to a total of seven orgasms so far and we stopped to give her a short rest. I looked at her naked body sprawled out on the seat and said to her, "You sure get off being a fire hydrant. It's almost feels like the good old days, does that still get you off?"

She said, "Its been a while since I have heard that expression. Being a fire hydrant brings back a lot of good memories of when I had my three orafices filled with various cocks and toys, and yes doing that still gets me off with a lot of intensity." 

Maybe I should explain where that expression fire hydrant comes from. One night a long time ago when we were driving around with nothing to do we ended up following a bunch of fire trucks into an industrial area where there was a big fire raging. We watched the fire for a while and headed back to my car. On the way Sue noticed a fire hydrant and the hoses that were connected to it.

Sue was feeling a bit giddy and whimsical that night and was acting positively goofy. She was giving me a devilish look when she said, "That fire hydrant reminds me a lot of my body. The fire hydrant and I both have three openings. Sue was giggling when she told me, "Notice how the firemen have been laying their hoses to that fire hydrant? It's sort of like when you lay your hose and toys to one of my openings." She then added, "I like it when we play and there is your cock and two dildos laying the hose to me, too." She continued that weird thought by saying, "When you compare my body to a fire hydrant and the three hoses being laid to it the same way you lay your hoses to me, then it must mean I am a fire hydrant, too."

In a bizarre sort of way that sort of made some sense, and that night with the assistance of a vibrator and a dildo I made her into my personal fire hydrant. Over time the phrase fire hydrant came to mean she wanted all her orifices filled at the same time.

On another play night Sue told me that she wondered if I would mind if we got another hot cock so she could have two hot cocks as well as the toys for more thrills. We recruited a friend Fred to be the other hot cock for her, and between the two of us guys and liberal use of dildos and vibrators, we made her very happy. So we did a few threesome play times with Fred for a while just to keep her very happy.

Well, back to the main story. I asked Sue, "You sound like you miss those times. Do you want to do that again and relive those times and have another threesome play time tonight? After all it's been a while, do you think your body is in any shape to have a big adventure like that again?"

With just a bit of cockiness she told me, "I'm sure I can handle it, and after the warm up of these last couple of hours my body needs something like that right now. Who do you think we could get to be the third person at this late hour? The next time we are going to have to plan this out better to make arrangements with someone." 

Because of the kids and everything that lifestyle involved with having them, we hadn't had much time to enjoy much wild stuff lately and we hadn't seen any of our "sex friends" for about five years because our schedules never seemed to coincide, so we all sort of drifted apart.

In answer to her question I said, "Well, we can always try calling Fred again. He always seemed to like having threesomes with us and playing those games of his with you. Let's look up his new number and call him."

We headed towards the highway to find a pay phone and Sue was acting like a school girl who was going on her first date. She was asking all sorts of weird questions like, "Will he still want me? Will he still be as horny as he used to be?" Needless to say, I couldn't alleviate her worries so I changed the topic, and we planned out what to say to him when we phoned him.

Let me tell you that phone call Sue made to him was something else. We had decided to tease Fred a bit and not tell him who was calling. Sue made the call and when he answered the phone she asked him if his name was Fred to make sure she was talking to the right person and then asked him, "Are you alone tonight?"

He was, so she said, "I'm feeling horny tonight. What would you do if one night you answered the door, and I was standing there half naked, would you invite me in so we could enjoy each others body?"

He was taken aback by this and asked her, "Who is this? And why should I invite you into my place?"

Sue then told him, "I think that once you see my almost naked body on your door step you will realize you will have the time of your life. I know you will defiantly invite me in for an enjoyable time." She then proceeded to tell him in explicit detail just what he could do to her body if he let her into his home. They went back and forth for a while and Fred was still uncertain because he didn't know if this was one of his friends pulling his chain trying to make fun of him or if Sue was actually serious about allowing him to use her body that night.

The phrase that gave us away was when Sue said, "If I come over, can my husband come and watch us play doctor?"

He then definitely knew who was calling, and told Sue, "You and your horny husband can come right over and I will be waiting with my a hard on under my lab coat." In the past Fred had a big fetish about role playing with him being a doctor and Sue being the patient. I was just his assistant but always managed to enjoy those times making Sue cum multiple times.

So off we went. Within a half hour we were at his place and Sue put on her wrap around dress again. I grabbed our bag of spare outfits and toys and we went in.When we got off the elevator on his floor, there was a laundry room right next to it. I directed Sue in there before we went to Freds room and I told her to undress except for her four inch heels.

I got out one of my favourite outfits for her to wear. That outfit was a matching red bra and thong. The bra was one of those cut out ones where the nipples poked thru and the thong was just a string that seperated her ass cheeks and pussy lips. So with Sue dressed like this, we then walked down the hall to Fred's apartment. It was too bad there was no one walking the halls to see her then.

When Fred opened his door for us, Sue was standing there almost naked and she jumped into his arms and passionately kissed him. True to his past interest in playing doctor, Fred was wearing his doctor's lab coat and nothing else and was sporting his eight inches of hard cock. That set the pace for the rest of the evening. He got us a drink and showed us around his apartment. His place was definitely a bachelor pad that was set up for fun.

He was particularly fond of his spare room. On the door there was a sign that said, "Doctor's office. The doctor is in." He opened the door and as we went in he told us, "This room is where my girlfriends and I spend a lot of time. I have been dating a set of twins for over a year now and they have the same fetish about doctor's offices I have and they share their bodies with me quite a lot in here." 

In the middle of the room was a massage table that was electrically controlled to raise and lower with just the push of a button. And just like the gynaecologist's office there were attachable leg rests and supports that held a woman's legs apart for easier access and a big light on the ceiling to illuminate the patient. I noticed there were also restraints attached in various spots on the massage table which could come in handy later.

Against one wall, there was a chest of drawers with glass fronts on the drawers so a guy could see all the instruments he had to supplement the doctor's office. I don't think the instruments he had in those drawers were the standard issue for a doctor though. Those drawers held more sex toys than the local love shop did. I'm sure Fred had one of every sex toy ever made and he even had a few he made on his job as a machinist of small parts for industry.

Sue was still really horny from what we had done earlier and the anticipation she had about what was going to happen for the rest of the night got to her. She wanted to continue where we had left off, so she just jumped up on the table and told us in her coy bashful Suzy voice, "Doctor, I don't feel well, I need you to make me well again. Do you have a cure that will make me feel better?"

What little she was wearing was stripped off her and Fred attached the leg rest attachments to the massage table and pulled her ass to the edge of the table and put her legs in the stirups so he could do a complete physical check up of her body. Fred and I put on cock rings and once Fred was buried inside her I offered her my cock to suck on. That got Sue started again and before things got out of control we stopped and left her hanging for a while. Let me tell you, that sure didn't go over with her at all.

Fred went to his cabinet to get some of his instruments for us to use on Sue. That's when we seriously got into playing the game of a doctor treating the patient and then did a thorough examination of her body. Fred had acquired a bunch of new toys since the last time we had met him. The neatest one I thought was a stethoscope looking thing he had made that when he put the hearing end on her body it vibrated. So when he first put it on her nipples she jumped because the vibrations were so intense. Her temperature was taken by penis probe in various locations and her boobs had to be given a hand examination as well as anything else we could manipulate with our test instruments. Mouths, tongues, hands, dildos, vibrators and some special shaped toys that Fred had were the preferred instruments of her total body examination.

While Fred and I examined Sue, we made sure that when she got close to cumming we stopped so that she never came. She was hotter than ever and wanted relief and she was quite vocal about someone getting her off.

After the detailed examination, the diagnosis was that she needed to have a lot of orgasms. After careful consultations with the specialist it was decided that Sue needed some added stimulation to have lots of orgasms to cure her disease. Fred first attached some vibrating nipple clamps and a butterfly vibrator that was situated over her clit as part of the treatment. A warming salve was applied all over her body to start with and when she could feel the heat the serious treatment took over. We started off by blindfolding her and then alternately dripping hot water and then cold on her. Her body responded to every drop as she reacted to the stimulation. As well as the water, feathers were used to caress her body and in general, we spent fifteen minutes getting her worked up without really touching her.

Fred then brought out some special cups that covered her breasts. They were connected though tubing to a small vacuum pump. When they sucked on Sue's tits, they sucked them into those clear cup shaped appliances which in turn made her nipples be sucked into a smaller area on the end of the cups. After a while Sue's tits were a bright red colour and her nipples were an inch longer than normal. Fred then released the vacuum in a rush and the sudden action caused her tits to prickle to the point of almost hurting. As her tits continued to sting fiercely, that feeling made her cum. We did that again and this time held the vacuum for a lot longer. That time when she came, she screamed pretty hard into a pillow we gave her.
