 The elevator rises to the twenty-sixth floor. Once the doors open I am no longer myself. I will be his to do with as he pleases. I drink in my own reflection. I'm wearing a short black silk dress, black thigh high stockings and a red g-sting pulled tightly between my pussy and ass. Complete with black five-inch heels. 

He loves to see me like this. His whore. His fucking slut. I love this feeling of being possessed. My nipples are hard and my pussy is already throbbing. The elevator light changes to the number six. The door slides open as the elevator bell startles me out of my daydream. 

I step from the elevator and look for Suite 69. It's at the end of the hall. I stand facing the red door. I can smell him. I knock, softly. So soft, I am sure I will have to knock again. But before I do the doorknob turns and the red suite door slowly opens.

I step inside the room. The large picture window over the bed in the corner is open. He comes up behind me gently grabbing me around the waist. "I have a surprise for you." On the bed is a luscious, beautiful blonde. About 5'7” full firm breasts, a smooth shaven pussy and the most seductive green eyes. "I know what you like." He certainly does. 

Candles are lit in every corner of this magnificent room. Dark, rich colors adorn every inch of this luxurious suite. I want to turn to face him but he holds me steady. The blonde is watching us. 

"Christine, this is Heather...an acquaintance." She smiles at me slowly drinking me in. She's wearing all black. She slowly looks up and down my body. She lingers at the area where my pussy is as if trying to see through the black silk dress. In an agonizingly slow fashion, she inches up her gaze to my tits. 

I have never been looked at by any man this way. When her eyes lock with mine, she ever so slightly parts her lips then licks the bottom edges of her teeth not quite licking her sensuous lip. My breathing increases. He cups my right breast while still holding my waist. In my ear he whispers, "Do you see the chair in the corner by the bed." I breathlessly whisper, "Yes." 

"I am going to sit there."

"I am going to watch you and Heather."

"I am going to tell you want I want you to do to Heather."

"I am going to tell Heather what to do to you."

"Do you understand Christine?" He pinches my nipple and twists it ever so gently. "Yes."

"Good sweetheart. I know what a good fucking whore you are and I want Heather to know too." 

He grabs my hair and pulls my head to one side away from his mouth. He teasingly bites my neck and then turns me to face him. "Open your mouth." I part my lips. Breathing hard. 

His mouth opens and immediately I feel his tongue in my mouth licking my own tongue. He French kisses me...open-mouthed the way I love it. When he stops he turns my head towards Heather. For the first time in detail I notice what she's wearing. 

A tight black corset that stops below her beautiful tits. I gasp when I notice her nipples are pierced. She's not wearing any panties and her black thigh high stockings are topped with lace. She's also wearing the same black heels as I am. "Champagne." At his words, Heather rises from the bed and walks to a small wet bar to pour me a glass of champagne. He releases me. 

She saunters towards me and hands me the glass. Her nails are a hot shade of red. I can't wait to feel them spreading my legs. She is facing me. We stand eye to eye. She takes my hand entwining her fingers with my own. She raises our hands towards her face and says, "I love your manicure." Referring to my french manicure. 

"Do you like what I am wearing, Christine?" Ummm...the sound of her velvety voice is making my pussy quiver. "Yes, especially these." With that I am gently pulling on her nipple ring. She moves my hand down between her legs and presses my hand against her cunt. "Ummm...then I bet you'll like this even better." I feel the cold metal of the ring piercing the hood of her clit. He is behind me again. He reaches for my wrists and holds them firmly in his hands.

I can feel the heat of his body. Suddenly, he holds both my wrist in one of his large hands. I feel course sisal rope caress the side of my soft cheek. “Do you belong to me?” he asks. Breathlessly, I answer, “Yes."

"Show me. Give Heather your wrists.” He releases my wrists and I hold them out to Heather. I see him hand her the rope. He reaches between my own legs and cups my pussy, as I did Heather. "Heather take off Christine's dress first." 

She slowly slips the thin straps off my shoulder. The dress falls to the floor exposing my body. My tits are staining against my red lace bra. She softly caresses the upper swells of both my tits. "Do you like her Heather?"

"Mmmm yes," she replies while slowly removing my lacey bra. "I am going to enjoying doing what you tell me, to her."

"Good, then tie her wrists together…tightly.” 

Heather begins binding my wrists. The rough rope scrapes my overly sensitive skin, sending shivers up my arms. Suddenly, he grabs the g-string and pulls the material up sharply between the lips of my pussy. "Take the champagne Heather, put some in your mouth and share a drink with Christine." She puts the long stemmed glass up to her pouting red lips and drinks a mouthful. 

She uses one hand to cup the side of my face and begins to move towards me. I feel her lips touch mine and instantly my juices begin to flow, soaking the crotch of my g-string. He is watching us so close. She allows me to suck some of the champagne from her mouth. It's now warm. Her tongue is thrusting into my mouth. "Open mouthed Heather. She likes being kissed open mouthed." 

Heather pulls back; our tongues lick and touch each other. He's whispering in my ear. "Oh baby, you like this don't you. Ummm...my little whore's pussy is so wet." Heather's hands go to my tits. She's pinching my nipples so hard. He's behind me pressing his hand against my cunt. "That's it baby. French kiss your toy. That's right. Heather's our little toy and what are you sweetheart?" 

I break the kiss. Breathlessly, I answer, staring at Heather; "I'm your fucking whore."

"You'll do whatever I say won't you baby?" He pulls my hands above my head. "Yes." He pulls me away from Heather and walks me towards the sumptuous bed. "Get on the bed on your knees." I do as he pleases. "Heather, come here." She moves towards him. 

He positions her in front of him where I can see her. He cups her beautiful tits. "Heather take off her g-string." She pushes the material down my hips to my knees and leans me to one side so that she can remove it. 

"Bring it here." She stands and walks toward him with my g-string in her hand. "Smell her." He raises the crotch to her nose and she deeply inhales. "MMmmmmm. She smells delicious."

"Good enough to eat Heather?"

"Oh yes."

"Push up your beautiful tits for Heather to kiss, Christine." 

I squeeze my gorgeous tits together as best I can with my wrists tieg. I offer them to Heather. She eagerly begins to lap at my nipples. Once they are wet with her saliva she gently blows the sensitive tips. He moves to sit in the chair by the bed. He is in shadow from mid-chest up. All I can see is his black silk boxers and tanned legs. 

He pours a drink and sits back to relax preparing to conduct Heather and I in a sexy liaison. He lifts his legs and rests them on the edge of the bed crossing them at the ankles. My mind grows foggy as Heather's mad assault on my tits continues. I cannot stop grinding my hips. "Christine lie on your back." At first I hear the words from far away then without thinking turn over to lie on the bed. I feel the sensuous satin against my ass. 

"Heather....the honey." I see Heather kneel between my spread legs and reach over to the nightstand to get a bottle of amber-colored honey. She pulls the top off with her teeth. "Oh baby you're so wet for Heather. Good thing, she loves pussy." 

She pulls my wrist above my head. "What should I honey-up first?"

"Hmmmm...good question...start with those hard nipples." She forces my tied hands above my head. She smiles at me as she squeezes honey out of the bottle poise high above me. The feeling of warm honey hitting my nipples is so erotic I am almost on the verge of coming. "Now move between her tits." 

She pours the almost hot honey between my tits. "Squeeze your tits together baby." I squeeze my tits and honey oozes out all over my tummy. "Now down her stomach to her pussy." Heather trails a line of honey from between my tits down to my pussy. She moves in close to make sure she's hitting all the right spots. 

She groans at seeing my pussy shaved bare like her own close up. When she's through she puts the cap back on and tosses the honey bottle to the floor. I suppose, I am not going to be returning the favor. "Now, Christine, Heather is going to lick the honey off your beautiful body and I know how close to cumming you must be but you are not to cum. No matter what, until I tell you to cum. Is that clear?" He's going to make me beg for it. I tentatively answer, "Yes." 

Heather starts with the sides of my tits. Licking the honey like candy. Every once in a while she shares the sweet sticky honey with me. I hungrily lap honey from her luscious lips and suck her sweet tongue.

"Lower," he says. She begins a trail of bites and licks from the area between my tits to my pussy. "Massage her pussy with the honey." With her left hand she spreads my lips and with the right she begins to slowly spread the amber cream all over my swollen lips. 

"Move to her clit." She quickly moves to slowly rub the tip of my clit. My pussy is on fire. "Please." I plead. I can't stand this. I want her tongue on my pussy, sucking my clit. "Please what Christine?"

"Oh God, please...please make her lick it."

"What's the matter baby too much for that hard clit?"

"Yes!"

"Hmmmm...Heather...spank her pussy." She raised her hand, locks my gaze and smacks my pussy hard. The sound resonates through the room.

My hips arch off the bed. "Please, please you know I can't stand this. I'm begging you."

"Spank it again." She quickly spanks my throbbing pussy again. "Again." SLAP.b "Again." SLAP!

He moves in close to me...whispering in my ear. "I can smell my sweet pussy."

"Are you close Christine?"

"Yesss." He takes my tied wrists in his hand, holding them tightly above my head. "Do you want to cum?"

"Ooh, yeess."

"Heather...I want you to lick her lips. I want you to suck her clit and when you make her cum make sure you get her juice all over your face and I want you to kiss her...you love the taste of your own pussy don't you Christine?"

"Ooh, yes!" Heather begins to erotically lick my pussy. 

She's moaning like she's enjoying my cunt so much. "Oh yeah, right there." She reaches beneath my knees and raises them up to spread my pussy further apart. He grabs one leg and spreads me wider. "What did I tell you Heather? Isn't she a sweet little wet cunt?" 

Her muffled agreement is barely audible. "Now, Christine are you ready to go over the edge?" I can't answer. I can't do anything but moan. "Finger her ass."

"Uuugh," is the only response I can give, knowing that with that I'm done. I feel her finger at the entrance to my tight ass. 

"Get her ass ready for me Heather." He's going to fuck my ass. I'll be cumming all night. Heather works first one then two honey-coated fingers in my ass. She starts a slow fucking. All the while sucking my clit and flicking it with her skillful tongue.