 This is a submission to the Winter Holidays Contest. Be naughty and read this. Be nice and please vote. Happy holidays!

In the dense grey coastal fog, on that cold Christmas Eve's night, Nick turned the last corner on a quiet suburban street on his way home from a business trip. Though the trip had been a success, the last eleven hours had been a frustrating affair. His flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco was cancelled because of dense fog. Determined to make it home before Christmas morning, he'd rented a car at Los Angeles International Airport and had driven four hundred miles north to Northern California. It had been an arduous drive on treacherously foggy highways packed with holiday travelers. After several near rear endings in an endless sea of red tail lights, the thirty year old junior executive made it unscathed to San Francisco International Airport where he dropped off the rental and picked up his own car parked in the airport's parking structure. 

After another forty minute drive in thick night fog, he finally reached Walnut Creek where he and his wife, Emily had recently bought their first house. It'll be the first Christmas in their new house. Emily had no idea he was coming, believing that he was still in Los Angeles waiting for the first available morning flight out. He couldn't wait to be in his cozy house where his wife's arms and their warm bed waited for him. He was looking forward to meet her college roommate, Allison who Emily had invited to spend Christmas with them and go skiing the next day. Emily spoke so fondly of her and their adventures during their college party girl days. Allison was living in Greece when he and Emily got married and couldn't make it back to the States for the wedding so he was finally going to meet the infamous Alli Cat. She sounded like a cool girl. This year, there'd be no in-laws or siblings to entertain. No last minute shopping or nieces and nephews underfoot. Five days off of work just drinking, eating, snowboarding and binge watching TV. Christmas is going to be good.

Down the quiet street he cruised, past the neighbors where strings of colorful Christmas lights glowed in the mist, before turning into the driveway of his two story home. He parked, pulled his suitcase and backpack from the back seat and trudged up the walk to his front door, shivering a bit on that bone chilling cold night. He stepped inside his warm house, relived and happy to be home. The Christmas tree was still lit but the house was quiet. An empty wine bottle and two wine glasses sat on the coffee table. He set his bags by the stairs and turned off the Christmas tree's lights before going upstairs, expecting to see Emily drunkenly asleep in bed. He slowly opened the door and stopped dead in his tracks. His mouth dropped open and breath hitched in his throat in a gasp as his eyes took in the sight.

In the soft glow of a lit nightstand lamp, a woman with dark auburn hair and her bare ass up in the air was going down on his wife. The two were oblivious to his presence writhing and moaning in their glory. Emily's pajama top was splayed open and her chest heaved with pleasure and exposing her heaving breasts. Her hands gripped the pillow beneath her head on which her honey blonde hair was messily fanned over. Her eyes were closed, her mouth open in ecstasy. She was emitting those little mews that turn him on. Her knees opened and closed like butterfly wings around the girl's head. The girl's mouth released Emily's clit, and she reared up a bit to slap it twice with her hand before diving back in with a hungry mouth. Nick's eyes settled upon the girl's pretty ass and the tight crease of her pussy lips beneath the shadowy hollow off her creamy ass. His dick twitched to life with the licking sounds and moans from the women caught up in their passion as his eye remained glued to that ass. Then a gasp shattered the scene.

"Nick!"

He looked up to see Emily's shocked face contorted in horror staring his way. The girl looked over her shoulder with her big greyish-green eyes before she scurried to sit beside Emily and drew the disheveled bed spread up to her chest to cover her nakedness.

Standing stock still, he quietly mouthed, "What the fuck?"

There was an uneasy silence between the three. What could Emily say? She'd been caught cheating. He turned his eyes to the other woman.

He said, "I guess you're Allison."

Allison nodded. She shyly stuttered, "H-hi hi, Nick."

Emily finally spoke. "I thought you said your flight was cancelled."

"I rented a car and drove." He turned his eyes to glare at Allison. "Do you mind we have some time alone?"

Allison looked at Emily. Emily assured her with a, "It's okay."

Allison reached over the bed to grab her night shirt before nakedly scampering past Nick out of the room. He closed the door behind her.

After staring at his wife for a few seconds, he finally asked, "So you're a lesbian?"

"No. Alli is the only woman I've ever been with. We kind of always had this thing. I thought we'd grown out of it but after we had a bottle of wine, it just kind of just happened."

"So, what? Am I out of the picture?"

"No, baby," she said scrambling towards him. "I love you. You're the one who makes me happy. I love you, baby. I love you."

She tried to kiss him but he turned his face away from her puckered lips.

She hung her head in shame and with a trembling voice, she said, "I'm sorry."

His gaze returned to her. Her body, clothed only in an unbuttoned pink pajama top, tumbled hair and submissive contriteness was a turn-on to him. He thought about her tongued pussy, all wet and engorged. He had the overwhelming urge to fuck her. He needed to reclaim her. Without a word, he locked the door behind him and started to take off his clothes. She raised her head and looked at him with curious eyes.

He bitterly muttered, "Get your ass on that bed."

She dragged her feet as she returned to the bed, crawling beneath the warm covers to sit and watch him undress. 

"Take off that shirt," he muttered as he unzipped his pants and pulled them down to expose his hard-on bulging in his briefs.

Without hesitation, she shucked off her pajama top. He gazed at her pink tipped breasts as he kicked off his shoes. She watched, scared but excited, as he walked to his side of the bed, opened the nightstand's lower drawer which held their sex toys, and pulled out a black leather flogger he'd received as a gag gift at his stag party. He had used it once, playfully punishing his wife when he found out she'd spent two thousand dollars on a designer hand bag when they were saving for the house. But this time, his hand would deliver a harsher reprimand.

"Get on your hands and knees."

She did as she was told, positioning her posterior his way. She looked over her shoulder, her blue eyes filled with worry.

"Don't say a word," he barked. "Don't say a fucking word."

Her hair fell forward to obscure her face as she hung her head and steadied herself for the blows to rain down upon her bare ass.

His hand reared back and with a back handed blow, he smacked her ass with the flogger. She flinched and moaned and wiggled her ass. She enjoyed it. That angered him. He delivered another harder smack which echoed in the room.

"Fucking cheating bitch."

Another backhanded smack followed by a plaintive girly, 'ow.'

"I have your attention now, huh?"

Swak! Swak! Swak!

She bucked forward after each blow of the leather strips lashing across her now bright pink butt cheeks over and over again. Nick was aroused beyond belief. He tossed the flogger aside and flipped her over onto her back. He took his hard-on in his hand and guided it into her tight wet gash and thrust it in with a satisfied grunt. She placed her hands on his shoulders but he caught them with cruel fingers and pinned them above her head. He fucked her hard, grunting in an animalistic frenzy. Usually a considerate lover, making sure she cums, Nick could care less tonight. He fucked her as he would a whore after a six month drought. He couldn't help but gaze into her misty, lust filled eyes.

"You still like dick?" he asked.

"I love it. I love it. I love your dick."

She closed her eyes, opened her mouth, and rode him, rocking her hips to match his thrusts which knocked the breath from her. He could tell she was still worked up from her tonguing. Then the sight of Alli going down on his wife played in his head. With the memory of Alli's upturned ass and pussy in the air, and his shaft buried deep in Emily's wet pussy, Nick was sent over the edge. He slammed his dick in one last time as he came, pumping cum deep inside her with a satisfying groan. She wriggled beneath him, trying to get off, but he quickly withdrew. Suffer, bitch.

He let go of her wrists and rolled over heaving hard, utterly exhausted from angry sex, an arduous drive and mental stress caused by his wife's unexpected infidelity. Her labored breathing slowed at the pace of his. He reached his arm out to turn off the lamp, opting to fall asleep without the usual sweet pecks on the lips followed by a tender 'goodnight.' He stewed in the dark until he fell asleep. What a Christmas Eve.

Nick awoke the next morning to an empty bed. A soft grey foggy filtered light flowed through the sheers as he got up to slip on a t-shirt and flannel pajama bottoms. After a piss, he padded down the stairs to the sound of breakfast dishes rattling in the kitchen and arrived to see the Allison plating Danish while Emily fried bacon. Allison looked up. He never got a good look at her face. She was a pretty woman with gorgeous green-grey hazel eyes. She looked good, dressed in a tight cream colored sweater and leggings which hugged her fit womanly curves. Her reddish brown hair suited her pale skin and nude pink lips. She gave him a meek smile before looking away. 

Emily turned and brightly said, "Good morning."

"Good morning," Nick mumbled as he poured himself a cup of coffee before sitting at the table with his phone.

Allison gingerly approached him and said, "About last night-"

"I don't want to talk about," Nick gruffly replied. "It's Christmas."

She nodded and slunk away to slice a bagel and put it in the toaster. He kept his attention on his phone screen.

"You want eggs?" Emily asked over her shoulder.

"Yeah, sure."

After her toasted bagel popped up, Allison placed it on a plate, took a seat at the table and began to spread cream cheese over it.

"Thanks for having me over for Christmas," she said. "I'm really looking forward to hitting the slopes tomorrow."

Nick nodded as he sipped his coffee. He was still processing that this woman's lips was sucking his wife's clit. The image came rushing back, the way her naked ass was in the air. He got hard and shifted in his chair, trying to make it go away. He'd never been so conflicted in his life. Thoroughly aroused by the memory of what he saw yet angry that Emily had cheated. He sipped his coffee as he flipped through his phone.

Allison said, "Maybe I should go."

"No," Emily replied, setting the plate of bacon and scrambled eggs on the table. "Stay. We have reservations at the resort and I've already paid for your lift ticket. It'll be fun."

"Are you sure?" asked Allison, looking Nick's way. "I don't want to cause trouble."

"I don't care," he replied. Looking up to see Emily's displeased face, he said, "Stay. It's cool."

Christmas was spent in a typical way. Nick watched football as Emily fielded phone calls from family far away. They opened their presents; Emily giving Nick a pair of ski goggles, gloves and a flannel shirt while Emily received the earphones she wanted. Allison gave them a housewarming gift of whiskey, wine and four cut crystal glasses. Allison stayed out of his way the entire day. The two mostly hung out in the kitchen or at the kitchen table gossiping and gabbing as they shopped on their tablets and drank prosecco. And though everyone was civil and the mood was civil during the day and at dinner, there was a tension still hovered above them as they all went to bed. 

Dressed in a nightshirt, Emily turned out the bathroom light and joined Nick in bed as he scrolled through his phone.

He said, "We're leaving early tomorrow. Seriously. We're out no later than 6:30."

"Okay."

Sitting up against the pillows propped up on their headboard, she sat beside Nick, watching him as he scrolled through his phone checking his e-mail.

She asked, "Are you still mad?"

"Yeah."

"You wouldn't be mad if we included you."

He looked into her pretty face. "You're right. I wouldn't be mad if you didn't cheat on me behind my back. Wedding vows, remember Em? They include women too. I mean if you came home and found me fucking some dude, would you be cool with that?"

"No. I'd be pretty upset."

"Duh!!"

He turned his attention back the phone, fuming at her incomprehension of the level of her betrayal. Emily sat there looking at him, sincerely scared that she'd ruined their marriage for good.

She broke the silence with a contrite, "What can I do to make it better? I'm sorry. It won't happen again."

"You know what would make me feel better?"

"What?"

"If I get to fuck your friend. How about that? Then we'd be even."

Emily said nothing. She glared at him until he set his phone upon the nightstand before reaching over to turn out the lamp and settle into sleep with his back to her without a kiss or a sweet 'goodnight.' She followed suit, turning out her light before pulling the bed covers over her shoulder.

Early the next morning, the three piled their bags, ski equipment and Nick's snowboard into Nick's SUV and took off for the two and a half hour drive to the ski resort in the Sierra Mountains. They chatted, listened to music, and Nick began to loosen up, not nearly as angry as he had been the last two days. After they checked into the resort's hotel and dressed in snow pants and suits, they picked up their ski lift tickets and hit the slopes along with the other folks donned in their new snow gear. Nick was happy as he snowboarded down a gentle slope of fresh powder under overcast skies. He followed Em and Alli on their first fun, taking in how good they both skied. It seemed as though the crisp pine scented air cleared away the last of his hurt as he slalomed down the mountainside. He separated from the girls, heading over to the snowboard park where he jibbed, jumped and slid down a half-pipe. When he finally tired, and needed to warm up, he texted Emily to see where she was. He wondered if the two had snuck back to the rooms to continue their sex when Emily's text came through.

We're in the lodge having hot chocolate. Join us.

He did. He found the two on a couch beside a large picture window overlooking the ski slopes, well away from the crowds gathered on the couches and chairs within the warmth of a fire burning in a huge fireplace. They had unzipped their snowsuits and peeled them down to their waists, warm from their tight turtleneck undershirts. The two had wry smiles on their faces as he joined them holding his beer.

"What?" he asked.

Allison said, "Em told me about what you said...about fucking me. I'm down with that. We discussed it and if it'll make things better between you two, I'm cool with it."

His mouth fell open in dumbfounded surprise.

Emily added, "Of course I'd be there."

"So a threesome?" he asked before hoisting his beer to his mouth.

Emily replied, "Well I was just going to watch but yeah, sure."

"So, when? Tonight?" asked Nick.

"Yeah," answered Allison.

Emily nodded in agreement.

"Okay."

They all sipped their drinks as Nick eyed them. He finally asked, "So you're a lesbian?"

"If I was a lesbian, I wouldn't let your dick anywhere near me," replied Allison. "No, I guess I'm bi. It's like I sleep with guys but crush on women. Em is actually the only girl I've ever been with."

He nodded.

Emily piped up with a, "Me too."

"Look," Allison said, leaning forward to gaze in Nick's brown eyes. "I'm not trying to take Emmy away from you. She tells me what a great guy you are all the time. She loves you very, very much. I don't want to be the ruin of your marriage. You shouldn't let it. I'm the one who came onto her. She just never forgot how I make her feel."

Emily blushed before sipping her hot chocolate. The three went silent for a while as laughter from a nearby group of people echoed off the vaulted ceiling.

In a hushed voice, Emily asked, "So we're going to have a threesome?" 

Allison looked at her before her eyes shot to Nick.

"No," replied Nick. "I thought about it. You're going to watch just like I had to."

Emily pondered his demand before replying, "Okay, but no kissing."

A couple entered their intimate space to settle upon a nearby loveseat and share their long coffee table between them. The three quieted their sex talk, sipping their drinks as they exchanged sly glances. Nick wanted to go have sex right now but they had five hours left on their ski lift passes and he didn't want to waste the money paid on such expensive things. 

He looked at Allison and said, "You're a good skier."

With pride, Emily said, "Alli was on the ski team."

"It wasn't really a competitive team," replied Allison. "It was more like a social club where we could get lift tickets on a discount and get cheap transportation through the school."

He nodded. The grey skies had yielded to blue skies and sunshine and the stunning bright bouncing off the pure white snow made Em and Alli look like angelic ski bunnies right out of college. He imagined them naked and kissing each other. It was such a turn on.

The more Alli spoke, the more he liked her. His anger softened. He saw her less of an interloping lesbian than a friend of Emily's who loves her pussy as much as he. As the afternoon sun set behind high peaked slopes, the three returned to the slopes, going their separate ways for a few last runs before dark. They met early evening for dinner at the resort's fine dining restaurant, to share a meal and bottle of wine. They didn't say a word as they returned to their rooms. Nick showered and dressed in flannel pajama bottoms and a worn concert t-shirt. Emily emerged from a hot bath in a sheer black negligee and short satin robe. She opened a bottle of brandy she had brought and poured herself a drink. She walked over to the nightstand on her side of the bed and reached into a tin of sugar plums, her favorite holiday treat which she makes herself. She popped one in her mouth and chewed before sipping her brandy as she crossed the room to take a seat on a nearby plush chair, crossing her sexy legs as she got comfortable.

Nick, worried about damaging his marriage beyond repair, asked, "Are you cool with this? You sure."

"Will it make you happy?"

"Not happy. Satisfied."

"If she were a guy, would you want to fuck him too?"

"No. I'd want to beat the shit out of him before filing for divorce."

She went quiet. He felt pleased at shutting down her feminist argument.

She asked, "So you do this and we'll be even?"

"Yes, even, never to be brought up again. But what about you? Are you going to be resentful and bring it up when we're fighting over something stupid?"

"No. I want things to be normal."

"Me too."

Their heads turned in unison to the soft rapping on the door. He crossed the warm room to open the door to see Allison confidently standing there dressed in a tank top, no bra, pink and white pajama bottoms and fuzzy slippers. He stepped aside for her to enter and softly closed the door behind her. She stopped and stood in the middle of the room unsure what to do. He rounded her to stand before her and reached out to stroke the skin on her arm. She had curled her hair and the heavy locks bounced over her shoulders as she trembled from his touch. Her skin was so very soft.
