 Note: Original chapter 4 previously submitted as I Do ... Both Mother & Daughter is missing from this sequence. It is highly recommended and may be read as a stand-a-lone. Sully continues ...

*

"Jesus! James, that was hotter than hot!" Shelly said and took a long pull at her Budweiser. 

"You liked it huh?"

"Wow!"

Sully chimed in, "Told you."

"So you did, so you did." I drained my beer and headed to the fridge for another round. When I returned, Shelly was kneeling between Sully's legs, examining his cock. I was curious myself and saw that head of his cock was like a small apple, with a deep cleft at the bottom of his glans that flared up like a big giant mushroom. She continued to play with it and eventually his precum oozed out and dribbled like honey over her questing finger tips as Shelly caressed the knob. 

"Oh, yeah," he chanted over and over.

I watched her tighten her grip, and smile as her wrist jerked the round, heavy roll of foreskin up and down his cock. I was erect again watching as she rolled his foreskin back up over the head. 

Shelly looked at me and laughed. Sully's eyes were closed, he was definitely enjoying this slow masturbation.

"He's so . . . sticky," she laughed, "see?"

What I saw was her outstretched legs, inviting me to stroke her fire down below as she worked his engine up topside.

"Touch me, please," she whispered. 

I began to rub her nipple using slow, tantalizing circles as she reached out and gripped my dick too. She lay back, relaxed against the pillows, pumping both our pricks and occasionally leaning over and licked them in turn.

Sully's fingers found her cunt and delved inside.

The room was filled with soft moans as the three of us moved toward yet another climax. Shelly drew in her breath. "I've always wondered what it would be like to do this," she whispered.

"And?" Sully asked.

"It's fucking fantastic!" She leaned forward and kissed him. It was a long, languid kiss --- pure love. I felt like an intruder except she had such a tight grip on my dick that I knew I belonged.

Shelly began to pump his cock with long strokes from the base to the tip, milking him with increasing pressure. Her hand movements blurred as she stared at his bulging prick, waiting to see the juice squirt. I remained motionless, content to witness her ministering to him.

We all felt Sully's body writhe as he lunged upwards, driving his cock harder into her hand, his cock jumping in her pounding fist, spurted. Not squirt after squirt, as one might expect, but one continuous stream of cum onto her thighs. As Sully was groaning out the last of his great ejaculation, Shelly took me back into tow and started to bring me off too. Her delicate fingers traced the thickened skin of my balls, scratching at the rough surface there, while her other hand moved into high gear on my quivering cock. I was coming and aimed my load at her face and exploded. It clung like gelatin globules to her nose and hair as she shook with laughter.

"Now that's the nasty, right there," she said and used her fingers to scoop up a glob and place it daintily on the tip of her tongue. "I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to have some of my birthday cake now. She found another glob in her hair and swallowed it. Got to have something sweet to follow that with, she laughed, rose to her feet and went into the kitchen.

"Sully," I said, "I'm all fucked out. Will I ruin the party if I leave?"

"Have some cake first, okay?"

"Sure. Christ, I can't believe what happened here."

"Hey, when you're hot, you're hot."

Shelly called us out to the table where huge slices of cake awaited us. We scarped them up and after Sully burped contentedly, I knelt down on the floor and moved between Shelly's thighs. 

"Gotta pay my final respects to the birthday girl," I mumbled.

"Oh, another present?"

"Kinda."

"Wonderful. Gonna do it here in the kitchen?"

"Does it matter?"

"No way. Go for it James. Get down and dirty."

She shrieked with joy as my tongue grazed her flank. Then I was licking her stomach, wriggling my tongue around in her navel. Before long her hands were guiding me, pushing me lower. I wanted to taste her again. I could feel her wiry pubic hair against my chin and then my tongue delved into her juicy and she was chanting, "Yes . . . baby! Eat my cunt . . . Eat me, James!"

She was sloppy wet. As I ate her I tried to remember a woman with so much juice running out of her pussy as Shelly did and drew a blank.

Sully opened another beer and toasted us as we went at it. I grunted and stood up, lifting Shelly in the process, only to set her ass on the table and push her down. Her legs went up around my shoulders as I continued to devour her pussy. 

She was screaming now, hips jerking spasmodically. Sully held her head to protect her from hurting herself. She was pulling on my hair so hard I thought I'd lose clumps of to her.

She was coming and demanded that one of us fuck her. "Give it to me! Now, now, now!" She tried to yank my face from her crotch and succeeded. Once again, I lifted her up.

"Wrap those fuckin' legs around m, I'm gonna fuck your brains out!" I screamed in her face.

"Oh, yeah! Do it! Do it! Do it!"

My dick was poking her right in the stomach just above her pubic hair began.

"Come on James, stick your cock in me and fuck me until I can't walk. Come on, you fucker!"

Holding her up with one hand, I walked us both to the wall and using it for support decided to fuck the living shit out of her. I lowered my cock until the head was just grazing her swollen cunt lips. As the head of my dick eased into her, Shelly opened her mouth and our tongue searched for each other. The kiss lasted a long time and we were both breathless from fucking when it ended. I held her pinioned against the wall, my hands kneading her ass, my dick grinding against pubic hair.

"You know . . ." I gasped, "you've got the greatest looking ass I've ever seen." 

"Can . . . you see it from there?" she giggled and bit my neck, then my shoulder as I pounded away at her. Her legs wrapped around me like a boa constrictor. She was sloppy wet and I kept sliding out of her, but she was determined and kept putting me back.

She bit my ear and I yelped while she gave out a dirty laugh. Her eyes rolled back as she came. Our thighs were soaked with her juice. She was coming again as I bottomed out inside her. I knew I was a long way from finishing and that I had one of my 'forever' hardons, rock hard and long lasting. I was fucking her like a madman, slamming her ass into the wall and laughing when she grunted from the force of the contact. Squishy noises filled the room and she told Sully that she had died and gone to heaven. 

Sully laughed at the two of us, even as the dishes rattled on the shelves from our effort. It was tiresome holding her upright, but she wasn't about to stop her thrusting, nor me my pounding. It felt so fucking good. Time passed, it seemed we'd been fucking for hours. Shelly started to cum again and cried out in disappointment when I pulled out of her. 

"Let's get you leaning over the fucking table," I croaked.

"Anywhere, anytime! You're a god damn fuckin' machine James."

Pulling her close, I kissed her hungry mouth, thanking her for the compliment. Then she promptly positioned herself on the table and looking down at my slimy dick, said, "Put it in Jim." 

"Mr. Nasty at your service, lady."

In no time at all she was bucking against me and breathing through her mouth. Her nostrils flared and she snorted as if she couldn't get enough air. 

"Fuck her Jimbo!" Sully yelled as if I was a rodeo cowboy.

But I tried. Her legs were wrapped vise-like around my waist, and as we fucked I watched the perspiration form on her breasts and chest. I increased the tempo grunting and groaning each time we crashed against one another. Every few moments, she'd arch up off the table and drill herself on to my rock-hard cock.

"Oh, Christ, Oh, Christ!" she cried, "world-class fuck! Oh, fuck MEEEEEE!"

The table wobbled beneath us and I feared it would collapse. But it hung in there for us. Shelly threw her head back and wailed, her neck muscles grew taut and corded. Her thighs tensed up, squeezing my waist and hips. My dick cock felt like it was going to fall off any second, but I wasn't close to coming. With Shelly, it was a different story. She couldn't stop coming. Finally I collapsed on top of her. She wriggled out from under me and pulled me to the floor. My dick was bright red and shiny with her juice.

"Can I interest you in a sixty-nine, Shelly?" Sully asked, lying down beside us. She didn't respond, but rotated her ass to accommodate his face while putting a knee on either side of his head. Sully was sporting a pretty good woody after watching all the action and she gobbled it up, in fact, her mouth never left his cock after that. For that matter, Sully attacked her cunt ferociously, covering her entire mound with his lips as his tongue snaked all over her slimy cunt lips . . . her clitoris . . . her labia . . . and her cunt, as she sucked his dick with renewed passion.

I moved in from behind and had her ass spread wide, teasing her puckered little asshole. Finally I plunged my tongue into her ass.

Shelly's head snapped out of his groin, but she kept the tip in her mouth and yelled, "JESUS, YESSSS!"

"Like it baby?" I couldn't help but ask.

"YESSSSS! Oh, YESSSSS! Eat my cunt! Oh! Oh! Eat my ass!

Sully took his mouth away long enough to ask if she was coming.

"I . . . I've never stopped coming!" She sobbed. 

I realized she'd been crying for the last few minutes. She rolled away from him, gasping for breath. "I ...I think my heart's gonna stop!" She sobbed, trying to catch her breath.

Sully would have none of it. He grabbed her hips and raised her ass high enough to provide him with an angle to her sodden cunt. 

She slumped down.

He wouldn't quit, instead he pulled her to her knees and stuck his dick into her. He just held it in her, his stomach right up against her ass as he too tried to regain his breath.

"My God, Sully!" Shelly cried out.

"What is it?" Both Sully and I asked.

"Your cock . . ."

"What about my cock?"

"It's . . . getting harder!"

That suggestion worked as well as hocus-pocus ever did. Sully fucked her like a maniac and didn't stop until she had come several more times and was begging him to stop.

Pulling out, Sully finished himself off, dripping his cum onto her shoulder blades as she lay on the floor, semi-conscious.

Me and Sully had another round of beers and I said that I had never been so well fucked in my life. Sully had a shit-eating grin on his face.

"Maybe we should celebrate like this every year on your birthday, huh, Shelly?"

Maybe," she said with a weak grin on her face. "All I know is, I'm sore and I can't remember anyone making me this sore before."

I placed my hand on her cunt. It felt like a swamp.

"No, don't," she said. "It really hurts."

"Does that mean I don't get any tomorrow?" Sully said impishly.

"It is tomorrow, you ass," she replied, playfully slapping his arm.

I began to dress and they sat and watched. When I finished Shelley beckoned me over and fished my limp dick out one more time. "So long, my friend," she said and gently kissed it, then restored him to his proper place.

It was a few months before I saw them again. But that's another story.

Meanwhile, back at the bar, Velvet said in a quivering voice, "My God, I can't believe how hot that was."

I mouthed the question, "Really? And my hand reached the upper part of her thigh unimpeded.

"Yeah, go ahead," Velvet breathed hotly against my face, "I think I'm gonna come as soon as you touch me there."

My finger closed the distance to her cunt and found it moistened as it slipped inside.

"You two are making me crazy," Sammy croaked. "Let's get the fuck out of here," and he threw a twenty on the bar.

"He's right." She said, squirming around on my finger.

I hadn't expected this of Velvet.

"Okay, but Sammy . . . I'm sorry, three's a crowd."

"Shit!"

"James?"

"Yes, Velvet?"

"Three's just right. That story has me so hot I'm gonna need the two of you to service me. Hell, maybe I'll have to call an escort service before I'm satisfied tonight!" 

And she groped both our dicks before we made our way from the bar. And to think I had ventured in the bar looking to renew old times. 

Outside, I quickly steered her into a darkened doorway and pulled her against me. My hands dropped down and caressed her pliant body through her dress. Velvet put her hand on my ass and guided me into her delightful rear end. I was in heaven as my cock bore against her ass. There was no pretense of talk, I was dry humping her ass, nuzzling the hollow of her neck and manhandling her breasts. Sammy lit a cigarette and nervously stood guard as Velvet moaned and wriggled against my hardon. I maneuvered her dress high enough that I could slip a finger under it and into her. Her knees buckled and she leaned against me, her collapse prevented by my holding her up. She was dripping honey. I looked around and realized Sammy was giving me the hurry up sign and then I saw the patrol car that had turned the corner and was heading in our direction. I moved toward my car, supporting Velvet. They passed by without glancing at us. Velvet had recovered some and leaned against my Mustang. 

"How do we get to your place baby," Sammy asked, ever the practical one.

She wrote her address down. There was a slight logistical problem in that we had three cars to contend with. Velvet resolved it, saying everyone would take their own car, and we could leave her place whenever. 

"And James . . ." She said in a sexy tone.

"Hmmm?"

"You will finish that story before you leave my place tonight."

"Yes dear," I said and we all laughed, got into our cars and drove to Velvet's.

Luck was with us as both Sammy and I found parking spaces within one block of Velvet's apartment. Velvet had a parking garage available to her. While we waited for her to leave the garage I admired the old four-story red brick building. 

Once inside, I saw that Velvet's décor was mostly avant-garde, and the place had one bath and one bedroom. All in all it was about 800 square feet --- plenty of room to fuck in.

"Okay," Sammy shouted, as we stood in the living room. "Let's have some fun!"

"Sammy, for Christ's sake, keep it down," Velvet scolded, as if he were a child. I had to concede that he was acting like one.

"Sorry," he mumbled, removing a shoe and tossing it aside. Velvet and I watched him, then turned to look at each other.

"Come here," I said. 

All I could think about was how good Velvet looked in her tight, black mini-dress --- every curve seemingly designed to enhance my sensory pleasures. As she moved into my embrace, my tongue traced the line of the artery along her neck, ultimately reaching what turned out to be her ever-so sensitive earlobes. She moaned and ground her pelvis against me. My teeth scraped against her fleshy, soft lobes and I realized Sammy's hand was crawling up her dress. I knew he'd found a wet cunt waiting for him when Velvet sucked in her breath and a low satisfying moan slipped from her lips.

I bit my lip in anticipation, then cupped her breast. It was pliant and firm against my palm. I almost came, as her nipple grew hard under my greedy fingers. 

Velvet sagged against me, a signal that Sammy's tongue had gone to work. Velvet moaned, then laughed as she tilted her head back and leaning against me, said, "This is better than I expected. Ummm, go on boys, do your thing. I'm all yours."

My tongue was licking the hollow in her neck when she laughed lewdly, and said, "Hey guys, let's see your cocks, eh?" 

Sammy was nude in a flash. I took a little longer. Velvet's lips glittered in the faint light of the room as she found us standing before her, stroking our meat in tandem, hoping to impress her. We needn't have worried.

She turned her head to me and smiled. "Positively gorgeous James," she purred.

"Oh, Sammy!" She exclaimed. "What a fat dick you have! Will it fit inside little old me?"

"I don't see why not. Wanna try it on for size right now?"

She diverted him by pointing at mine and asking Sammy, "Don't you think James is hard Sammy?"

"Yeah, we're both hard Velvet, like steel rods. Just for you, baby."

"Which one of you is the biggest?"

"Who gives a fuck?" I said.

"It's a tie Baby," Sammy said laconically, grabbing his prick and balls and grinning like an idiot.

I reached for Velvet and pulled her tight against me, my fingers pushed her dress into her slit as I groped her cunt and kissed her hard. Sammy watched us, lightly jerking his cock. Velvet moaned and moved up and down against my hardon.

Gradually, our pace intensified. We paused and Velvet managed to shimmy her dress up enough that I could cup her ass. She wore no underwear. I did that for a minute, then slipped a finger under it and into her. She was running with honey. Kneeling in front of her, Sammy pushed my hand away from her cunt and began to eat her. Velvet leaned against me, her collapse prevented by my bending my knees.

"Oh Christ, this is gonna be one hell of a night," she gasped, then drove her tongue into my mouth where it swirled around mine with hurricane force.

I lifted her up and carried her to the bedroom and dropped her on the bed. Sammy crawled after us. I stuck two fingers into her snatch and she thrust up against my hand. She whined when I pulled them out, then laughed lewdly when I tasted her by placing one finger into my mouth. A moment later, I offered her eager mouth the other finger and she eagerly accepted it, sucking harder than necessary. Now Sammy was the intruder between her legs and had several fingers fucking her as he licked her clit.

You'd think flesh wouldn't smell so much, at least if someone's well bathed, but I could almost taste the musky odor coming from Velvet's cunt. After spending a minute appreciating her wonderful scent, I began to play with her tits, Sammy and I were driving her crazy with fingers, tongue and teeth until she grabbed my cock and began to slowly jerk me off. When I looked down, precum was spread all over the tip, some even coating her hand.

"Stop or I'll come right now," I groaned.

"Come with me!" She gasped. And I knew she wasn't kidding. Her legs were wrapped around Sammy's head, and I saw he had at least one finger probing her ass as he ground his face into her pussy. I hovered over her as she jerked me off and watched her body vibrate as she came from Sammy's deft work on her snatch. Suddenly I groaned and spurted long ropes of jizm into her waiting mouth, and across her closed eyes and eyebrows. I sank down and held her to me.

The next thing I knew, Sammy was next to us, holding his stiff cock out for us to admire.

"Like it baby?"

Velvet carefully wiped my sperm away from her eyes before opening them.

"I've seen bigger, Sammy, but you'll do. You'll do just fine my man." And she opened her arms inviting him to join in our embrace. After a moment or two, I extricated myself and Velvet said, "James, would you be a dear and make us some drinks?"

"Sure," I said and headed for the small bar in the corner of the living room.

"We'll be in the . . ."

"Fuck shop." Sammy cheerfully chirped. Velvet giggled and pulled him on top of her. I looked up at the ceiling and wondered how I managed to let Sammy get first dibs on Velvet. Then I made the drinks and wandered back to them.

Velvet was still dressed . . . sort of. She was still wearing the dress, but it was bunched around her waist. I admired one of her pear shaped breasts, noting that one taut nipple was still vibrating from Sammy's manipulations even as he drew succor from the other breast. His hand was close to her nicely trimmed pussy when I knelt on the bed and slapped Velvet's mouth with my newly made boner.
