 I sat on the couch thinking I shouldn't have had so much to drink. I didn't know whose house I was in, but whoever lived there had thrown a great party. I had spent the night dancing, drinking, and generally having a good time. Now, however, it was getting late, and a lot of people had left. When Dan saw me on the couch he came over and sat next to me. I suppose one could say that Dan and I were dating. We had shared a chemistry class, and had ended up sleeping together within the first month we met. I wouldn't have called us boyfriend and girlfriend; we were more like sex buddies. We hung out together, but mostly to have sex. He had heard about this party, and invited me along. We both knew what would be coming later, and I was looking forward to it. We had already done it once, earlier that afternoon in his apartment, but I knew we would do it again when we got back his place. 

He kissed me, and we started making out on the couch. I felt his hand make its way along my inner thigh under my dress. I wasn't wearing panties or a bra per his request. His fingers gently caressed the outer folds of my vagina getting me wet. He knew how to touch me, and he was getting me hot. I was kind of drunk, and didn't care if anyone was looking our way, they would have known what Dan was doing to me. When I finally did see a guy or two peeking at us, I assumed they had got an eye full. 

"I want to see you do another guy," I heard Dan whisper in my ear. 

"What?" 

"I want to see you with another guy!" 

"Another guy?" I said surprised. "Where did that come from?" 

"I don't know," Dan said. "I've just been imagining you with other guys, and it kind of turns me on." 

Dan had caught me off guard and I didn't really know what to say. "Who?" I finally said even more surprised than before that I was even entertaining the thought. 

"Him," he said pointing across the room. "He said he would." 

"You already asked him?" I said indignantly. 

"Don't be upset," Dan said. "If you don't want to, that's totally okay, but I figured it wouldn't be a big deal since you had told me your fantasy about taking on multiple guys. I think it would be totally hot!" 

I had to admit the thought was erotic, and it was true that I've had a long time fantasy of having more that one guy at a time. With my inhibitions suppressed from my alcohol consumption along with feeling horny this seemed like a golden opportunity. 

"Okay," I told him. 

He looked a little surprised at my quick agreement, but then quickly became excited. He took my hand and lead me a bedroom. Once inside he closed the door and kissed me. I felt him unzip the back of my dress, and pull it off of me. I stood there naked in a pair of black heels. I was a nervous with anticipation, but turned on at the same time. 

"Wait here," he said to me as I lay back on the bed. 

A few moments after he left the room the door reopened. I saw the silhouette of three guys, and one of them was Dan. He didn't tell me he wanted to see me with two other guys. I had always thought an experience like this would be compelling, but at that moment it just didn't like it was a big deal that I was about to have sex with three guys. I thought it rather funny, how nonchalant I felt at the whole scene.

I saw them undressing, but the room was dark so it wasn't that easy to tell who was who. One of the guys approached the bed, and lay down next to me. We began kissing and his unfamiliar body felt nice against mine. As we continued making out, I felt him grind his hardened manhood against my thigh. Then he broke off our kiss and started to kiss me all over. He gently sucked on my nipples and went down on me for a while. Maybe I was more nervous than I thought, because I had trouble getting into things. He went on for a while and just when I was starting to relax and enjoying it he stopped and climbed on top of me. I was wet at this point and he entered me without. I didn't know if it was nerves or what, but I felt detached from the whole thing. I had let this strange man enter me, but I was somewhat disappointed that I didn't feel more. Then all the sudden he quickened his pace, and it was all I could do to hang onto him. 

As his friend pounded me into oblivion I caught Dan's eye. I could just make out the expression on his face as he watched me getting fucked by his friend. He seemed to be enjoying the show and even gave me the thumbs up sign. Keeping my eye contact with him I found myself getting excited. It was a turn on having Dan watch me getting thoroughly used by this guy whose name I didn't know. I started moaning loudly as I got more into it. This seemed to get to Dan's friend as he began to moan then grunt as he filled me up with his semen. I wasn't disappointed knowing I still had two guys to go. 

As soon as first guy got up off the bed, the other guy replaced him. As he climbed on top of me I could see his hard cock swinging out in front of him. It had a big upward curve, unlike any other cock I had ever seen. I could feel the cum from the first guy dripping down my crotch as the second guy took a hold of my legs and held them straight up in the air. I looked down between my legs I saw the guy guiding the tip of his head at my already once fucked cunt. He gave his hips a little forward thrust and he slipped right inside me. 

"Oh Yes! Fuck me!" I moaned. 

He fucked me so quickly it was like he was in a race. His cock was driving in and out of me hard and fast. I was having a difficult time keeping up with his deep, fast pounding. He felt so different from the previous guy. He continued to fuck me harder and faster. I could hear the bed banging up against the wall. Then, all at once, he pushed as hard and deep inside me as he could. 

"I'm cumming," he grunted. 

Then his body writhed about while he continued to move himself in and out of me in erratic strokes while he pumped his hot cum deep inside me. When he was finally done we laid there for a few moments in a sweaty heap while he caught his breath. He seemed to forget we weren't alone in the room, but then suddenly remembered. I could feel his cum running out of me after he pulled out and climbed off of me. 

"Get on your hands and knees," I heard the first guy say. 

I looked down at him and was surprised to see him fully hard again. The other guy had finished so fast that I was still hot for it and did as asked, getting on my hand and knees. He got behind me and took a hold of my hips. In one move I was full with his cock again. He was a bit larger than the previous guy. He bent over a little and took both of my breasts into his hands and played with my nipples just the way I like as he fucked me from behind. He wasn't going as fast as the previous guy, so I was able to keep up with him as he moved himself in and out of me. 

"Don't stop," I moaned as I finally began to feel an orgasm coming on. "That feels so good." 

"Cum with me," he moaned as he started to pick up speed. 

In a short time he was fucking me like a madman. I moved to his rhythm, pushing my hips back to meet his thrusts. 

Oh yes!" I yelled as we fucked wildly. "Fuck me! Oh yes! God yes!" 

"Here it comes," he grunted. 

He pushed himself all the way inside me and I pushed back on his cock. We both came at the same time. I could feel his cock exploding inside me as I convulsed in orgasm. I flexed the muscles of my sex trying to milk every drop of cum out of him. 

"You liked that, didn't you?" He asked me as he playfully slapped my ass. 

"Oh yeah," I said falling flat on my stomach. His cock made a loud sucking noise as it popped out of me. I could feel his hot sperm running back out the entrance of my sex. I could see him cleaning off his cum sticky cock with the edge of the sheet. 

"We'll have to do this again," one of the guys said as they got dressed. 

"It's a date," I replied. They each gave me a kiss goodbye and they left the room. 

As soon as the door closed Dan got on the bed and gave me a big hug and kiss. 

"That was wild," he said. "You totally came that last time, didn't you?"

"Maybe, a little," I said smiling, slightly embarrassed. 

"Yeah, a little. From what I saw, you came a lot," he said kissing me again. 

Then I felt his hand play with my still hard nipple for a few seconds before feeling it move down my body. 

"Oh my God!" he said fingering my sex. "I've never felt you this wet. Oh fuck does this feel good. I never dreamed you would feel so hot filled with other guys' cum." 

Suddenly in one fast move, Dan was on top of me lining up his hard cock at then entrance of my cum filled hole. Very slowly he pushed himself inside me. 

"Oh God, does this feel good!" he said breathlessly once he was in as far as he could go. He moved himself in and out of a few times before he moaned, "Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" 

I had never seen Dan cum so fast before. I heard him grunt and moan as he penetrated me as deeply as he could while he pumped me with his seed. He collapsed on top of my as soon as he was done. "God Amanda, I'm sorry. It just felt so good. I had to cum." 


"That's okay," I said laughing. "I'm glad you enjoyed this as much as I did." 

"Oh, I did," he said. "I just can't believe how good it feels to be inside you." Dan began moving hips really slow, and soon after he was hard again. 

"Oh I think little Dan is coming back alive," I said. 

"I just can't stop fucking you." 

In less than a minute Dan was fully hard again and pounding me with his full force. I was just as turned on as Dan at this point. The idea that I was lubricated with the cum of three different guys as Dan fucked me drove me wild. I think I was wetter than I had ever been in my life up to that point. 

Dan's hard cock fucked me as hard and fast as he could. I locked my legs around him as we continued to fuck like wild banshees. My poor little pussy was making loud sucking sounds with each of Dan's thrusts. 

"Don't stop," I begged. "Oh God, don't stop! Fuck me harder! Fuck me harder damn it! don't stop!" Faster he went with long hard strokes that were drove me over the top. "I'm cumming," I screamed. I writhed around in pleasure as Dan continued to pound me as hard as he could. My orgasm was so intense that it made the room spin. 

"I'm cumming!" Dan announced. He drove his cock deep inside me and exploded. "Oh God, Amanda," he moaned as he added more to cum to that which had already been dumped inside me. 

We got dressed and Dan drove us back to his place. As I sat in his car, it felt like a river of cum was running out of me, which soaked the material of my dress. 

When we got to Dan's place I immediately slipped out of my cum soaked dress and crawled into bed. I passed out a few minutes afterward. An hour or so later I was awakened with Dan fucking me once again in the wee hours of the morning. We ended up doing it a couple of more times before we finally got out of bed the next day. Each time he would go on about hot it had been watching me fuck his friends and how good it had felt to fuck me after they had cum inside me. 

I could hardly walk the next day, and it took me a few days to fully recover. That night had definitely pushed me to my limits, but I was ready to do it again. I just hope Dan is up doing it again.