 To my new and very attractive acquaintance, Velvet, I said: "Oh, since I've already started I won't repeat any of this except to tell you the subject is an old friend of mine named Sullivan. Everyone called him Sully. Sammy here knew him too, but only casually. But, me and Sammy were talking about the old days and got to discussing Sully. He, um, marched to a different drummer than most of us. Besides, since we were close friends he told me a lot and . . . well, Sully liked to brag about his . . . sex life."

Velvet's hold on my knee tightened perceptively, and I saw the future. It was looking good.

"Hey, James, ya gonna tell her 'bout your eye?" 

"Yes, Sammy I will. Err, Velvet, the first part of this story was about me. See I played some professional baseball . . ."

"Ohhhh, I just knew you were an athlete," she said sexily. The way she said it made me think about gymnastics for some reason.

"Well, yes, but I got hurt . . . um, hit in the eye actually. I was in the hospital; it ended my career. And to answer Sammy's question, all that activity had loosened the retina."

"Activity?"

"Hmmm, the short version is I screwed a nurse and did more damage to my eye. It required an operation. That turned out to be good, 'cause it needed to be done and had I not had it, they might have released me and I'd have done something foolish like getting laid, and ended up losing the sight in that eye."

"You poor thing," she purred, and slowly crossed her legs providing me with an exceptional view of her legs where the thigh-high stockings ended.

"Mmmm, "I purred back. "Anyone told you how beautifully perceptive you are?"

Sammy was getting antsy and probably resented my taking up with Velvet, but how could he say anything, meeting a woman was the reason he'd stopped by in the first place. 

He tapped me on the arm. "So you and Sully met and?" He asked with a tight voice.

I ignored him, reaching instead for my lighter, which I held in my surprisingly steady hand as I lit Velvet's cigarette and she filled her lungs with smoke then exhaled through a very Roman nose. By the way, her lungs were not remarkable, just small, pear-shaped protrusions that seemed perfect on her small hard body. If Velvet made it to five-feet in height I was Wilt Chamberlain, but her face was stunning in its beauty and that's all I cared about at the moment. 

"Anyway this thing about Sully, it gets kinda naughty nasty. You don't mind that, do you Velvet?'

"Umm, I think I like naughty nasty," she purred and lasciviously licked her lips.

Very sexy, I thought, and began planning how to dump Sammy and inveigle an invitation to Velvet's pad. 

"Right," I said, getting back on track. "Well maybe four months after I got out of the hospital, I think it was September and of course I was still on the disabled list of the Red Wings . . ."

Velvet's knee brushed against mine, I glanced down and noted her dress had ridden up considerably; her legs were slightly parted, not very lady-like, but extremely enticing. 

"Redwings?" She purred, increasing the contact. My left hand dropped down and lightly squeezed her knee. Lovely feel to it, I thought, a very lovely feel, of course my mind was racing much further ahead.

Concentrating hard, I continued. "Sorry, that's the name of the baseball team I was playing for when I got hurt."

"Oh," she smiled and I could swear her eyes actually laughed at me. "Go on, I won't interrupt anymore." 

****

"So I ran into Sully as I was coming out of a shoe store at the mall. He was glad to see me and made a big fuss over my eye. I made it a point to thank him for his advice, and had to remind him of our conversation about Mandy, who I was still dating off and on.

Sully laughed and slapped me on the back, "I told you, I know, right?" He paused and gave me a serious look. This was not the usual overly confident Sully I knew.

"I met this girl, her name is Shelly."

"Do tell," I said. This was a first; he'd never dropped a girl's name quite like this before. It was always something along the lines of describing the pickup; the seduction (usually in great detail) and any humorous antic dote resulting from their relationship. So it sounded serious.

"Yeah," he glanced down at his feet, pawed the ground like a bull getting ready to charge. "Thing is, we're serious. Met my folks and all that shit, ya know?"

This was serious.

I shook his hand. "Do I get to meet her too? I mean, this is great news Sully."

"Umm, yeah, thanks. Meeting you like this is good." 

"Always good to see you too," I said, just marking time in the conversation.

"Gonna get married in four months," he said as softly as I ever heard him say anything.

"Well, hell! Congratulations! When do I get to meet this lucky girl?"

"Would you . . . I mean I know its last minute and all . . . but would you be my best man?"

"Yeah, sure." I said immediately. "It would be an honor. When, where and whatever details do I need?"

Sully smiled, and relaxed obviously relived at my acceptance. We wandered into a bar and had a couple beers and all the while Sully seemed to be somewhere else.

"Hey, Sully!" I called out and nudged him. He looked at me, but was silent for a moment. Then he seemed to make up his mind and looked me right in the eye and said, "I want you to do me a favor."

"I just did, I'm your best man remember?"

"No, not that, this is something else, I um, I think you'll like it . . . I mean I don't think you're gonna say no, but it's an unusual favor."

"So . . .?"

"It's about Shelly. I mean, you don't know anything about her and all . . ."

"Like I said so?"

"Let's get another beer first huh?"

Actually, we had two more beers before he broke the silence.

"We've known each other forever, right?"

"Forever, yeah."

"What I'm gonna ask . . . whether you say yes or no . . . it stays between us, right? I mean, you ain't gonna blab this around after you have a couple beers some night, okay?"

"Our secret Sully, now what the fuck is it?

He exhaled, then took a deep breath, "Okay, Shelly's birthday is coming up, next Saturday. I mean this Saturday." He was as nervous as I'd ever seen him.

"We been talking, ya know? About life and the future."

"Sully, get to the fucking point!"

He swallowed his beer and motioned for another. After the bartender wiped the foam from the top of his glass he managed to get it out.

"We've talked about fantasies. Sexual fantasies, ya know?" I nodded. He had my complete attention. 

"Shelly . . . she told me hers . . ."

"Yeah?"

"She, err, fantasizes having two guys sticking to her at the same time."

"You mean one up her ass and one in her snatch?"

"Umm, I'm not sure about that, but for sure sucking one cock while getting poked by the other."

I smiled at him and he wiped his brow. 

I couldn't believe my luck. I knew Sully and he was serious.

"You can count on me, Sully." 

I had a raging hardon already. 

"Are you sure she's for this?"

He gave me that confident smile of his and I knew it was.

Later that night I boffed my Mandy four times before she begged off, claiming she was "sore down there." I wound up whacking off once on my own just to cool down. ****

"Oh, I'm sorry Velvet, is this offensive to you?" 

"No," she quickly responded, "not at all. In fact," she said, covering my hand on her knee, "I find it quite stimulating."

My hand promptly made a six-yard gain along her thigh, and her hand was with me every inch of the way. Sammy of course, observed this activity and actually shifted position to serve as a protective screen from any other interested observers.

"Sammy, can you hear me okay? I don't wanna shout, ya follow me?"

"My hearing is fine," he said and finished his drink and ordered another round for the three of us.

"I've got the next round fellows," Velvet said.

"My eyesight's pretty good too," Sammy added somewhat resentfully.

"Love and war, Sammy." I grinned at him.

"Sammy," Velvet said diplomatically, "I think you're cute. Do you have a lot of girlfriends?"

"A few," he said. Then nodded emphatically. "I have my fair share," but his sullen expression betrayed him to both of us.

I resumed the story before any bickering started amongst us.

**** "Anyway, Sully once again swore me to secrecy. He needn't have, I never made it a practice to talk about my sex life, except in oblique terms. Too many people could be hurt by a careless name being dropped in the wrong place. Only reason I'm talking now is Sully has been gone from these parts for over twenty years and I don't think many people remember him." 

"Come on with the story, eh?"

Okay, okay. So Saturday evening finally arrived. I made sure I was freshly showered and shaved when I rang the doorbell, a bouquet of roses on my arm. My heart was pounding, I could hear my pulse was racing in my ears; my other hand was shielding an erection when Shelly opened the door.

"James?"

"In person," I was looking at a strikingly beautiful face. "I'm glad to make your acquaintance Shelly."

"My, so formal," she said with a smile and I knew she was teasing.

Extending the flowers, I blurted out, "For you. Happy Birthday!"

"Oh, you shouldn't have," she said in a warm pleasant tone, and hugged me tight, managing to protect the roses at the same time. I felt my boner pressing against her thigh. I recall blushing in embarrassment at the contact, which was brief. I caught her glancing down and checking me out.

"I've been dying to meet you. Jack has told me so much about you. It seems we've known each other forever," she said leading me into the apartment.

I took Shelly in. She was dressed in a dark blue blouse buttoned to her chin and as she turned to place the roses in a vase, I noted her flatchested profile. I was stunned. Shelly hardly had any tits at all!

But a second later, found myself admiring her tight, mini-skirted ass. It was a classic ass, jutting out defiantly, with fabulous legs to go along with it. Her blonde hair was kind of piled up on her head and held in place with some type comb and the style suited her very well. Shelly's complexion was cover girl smooth. She was a truly beautiful girl.

She showed me around the apartment. It was tiny, with a living room that barely fit a couch, chair, and TV, a kitchen where two people couldn't work at the same time, and a dining room with four chairs and little more than a card table for eating. But it had a definite feminine flavor and I found it appealing.

She led the way into the living room; Jack  I mean Sully  had just entered the room. I recall he smelled of lavender.

"Hey James, great to see ya," he said thumping me on the back. "Have a seat," he gestured toward the couch. "Wanna brew?"

"Sure."

"James brought me roses, Jack."

He appeared not to hear her as he rummaged in the refrigerator.

"Let's see," he said, "we got Bud, Foster's and Molson Ale."

"Foster's is fine," I replied, settling down into the soft cushions. Turning back to Shelly I said, "This is a lovely apartment you have here."

"Thank you," she said, obviously pleased. She sat down next to me, her mini-skirt rode up and I got a glimpse of her upper thigh. Sully handed me my beer and gave Shelly a Rum and Coke, then went back for his beer before joining Shelly and me on the couch.

I drank deeply, and waited. Silence. We were all nervous about why I was there and it showed.

"So how did you guy's meet?" I asked breaking the silence.

Shelly jumped at the opportunity. "I was a waitress in this coffee shop in Philly, when this loud, boorish drunk wandered in." She tittered at this. I smiled. It was easy to picture the scene.

"Oh, come on Shelly, I wasn't boorish," Sully said defensively, but he was loosening up and took a swig of his beer.

We all laughed at his discomfort.

"Well, you were drunk, and you embarrassed me."

"True enough," he said, obviously pleased with this description.

She turned to me, "I should tell you that he came by the next afternoon just as I was starting my shift and apologized."

"I was smitten," Sully said. He was serious.

"Smitten?" I drained the beer and Sully took it from me and went for a refill.

"The following afternoon we had our first date," she said looking fondly after him.

"It took me three dates before I got her pants down," he blurted out, as he handed me the beer.

"Jack!" Shelly shrieked, and reaching across my chest, slapped him on the shoulder.

A love tap, I thought. My erection was very apparent and I couldn't hide it.

"Look at him," Sully said, gleefully pointing at me, "He's got a boner!"

"Christ," I said mortified. I'd forgotten what I was there for. I noticed the stain then, slowly spreading along my fly. I was leaking.

Sully tried to rescue me. "Jimbo," he said using a nickname I revile, "did you notice what nice legs Shelly has?" His hand was calming stroking her thigh. 

My dick got harder still. Shelly kept glancing down at the slowly growing stain.

"You should take it out." She said at last, and I know I turned ten shades of red.

"Go on," Sully said joining her. As long as it's not bigger than mine," he laughed raucously at this witticism. 

"It's okay James; this jerk told me about my birthday present last night."

"It . . . it's all right with you?" I was flustered, no doubt about it.

"Umm, I'm looking forward to err, my present. May I open the package?"

Sully laughed hard, then chugged his beer down and burped. "What a girl," he said.

"Slob," she retaliated, frowning at him. "James? May I?"

"Be my guest," I managed to croak, not believing the situation.

Shelly's fingers slid my zipper down, slowly, careful not to catch my dick in the zipper, like in that funny movie, Something About Mary.

Using her fingers like a tweezers, she edged it out and clasped it in her hand.

"He's got a nice thick cock, Jack," she said matter-of-factly.

I concluded they were both crazy. For that matter, so was I for being there with them!

Shelly was staring at my dick, and then she looked me in the eye and asked, "Do you mind?" It was more a purr than verbalization. I nodded and her head dipped. I knew where her lips were headed. 

Sully rose up and pulled his shirt off, then rid himself of his slacks, shoes and socks, while I struggled to remove my shirt as . . . 

****

"Velvet, is this offensive?" I asked.

"No," she quickly responded, "not at all. In fact," she said, covering my hand on her knee, "I find it quite stimulating."

So I continued with the story . . .

**** I just gave in to her as she moved her head further down, until it was lying on my stomach. She stayed there for several moments, staring at my blood-gorged dick, watching her hand idly stroking it. Then she drifted down and gave me a tentative lick. I went rigid.

"Easy," she whispered, licking me again. Then she kissed it, lovingly.

"He is bigger than you Jack. Both ways."

"The fuck you say!" And Sully leaned in for a closer look, holding himself in his right hand.

"Umm," she said slurping along the tip of my cock. "Got all his precum already. Tastes a little different than you. Maybe saltier, but I'm not sure," Shelly enveloped three full inches into her mouth and gave a satisfied groan. I groaned too.

Remembering my manners, I said, "Listen, if you don't want to do this, we don't have to."

There was a popping sound as she released me from where I'd been poking her cheek. 

"What ever gave you that idea?" and with a furrowed brow, Shelly asked: "You don't like me?" 

"No, no!" I said, "I mean, you're nice looking, and I like you, but . . ."

Sully moved closer, he was choking his chicken. It looked about done.

"It's my tits, isn't it?"

"No, not at all."

She looked at my dick and saw it was still hard and firm, and gave it a tentative suck, her eyes fixed on mine.

"Show 'em hon," Sully said, goading her. Show him your pussy too."

"Yeah," she said, somewhat puzzled. "Maybe my being dressed bothers him," and she got up and quickly undressed. Then she stood over me; her chest was almost as flat as mine. Her hands pulled on her nipples until they were hard and taut. Her eyes were closed. Sully knelt at her feet, pried her legs apart and kissed her pussy. I got rid of the rest of my clothing and sat down to watch them.

"Umm, I like that," she sighed.

"Get down on the couch, hon," Sully said gently. "Suck his cock. He wants you too."

Shelly looked at me through half lidded eyes as Sully's tongue busily lapped at her. Her knees folded slowly, like a ladder being put away, Sully rolled in behind her and continued eating her as she renewed her blowjob.

Shelly demonstrated great enthusiasm for sex, and I found her to be a great kisser; one of the best I've ever known. Her tongue traced along my lower lip first, then my upper before sliding into my starving mouth. Our tongues fluttered against each other as her hand slid down my chest, and across my stomach. Her fingers scratched lightly at my pubic hair, then slid around my dick to cup my balls. She squeezed them gently, then slid her hand up to my knobby head and wrapped her fingers firmly around me. Tantalizingly, it glided up and down my glistening length, pumping me slowly as we continued our kiss. 

It seemed like forever, but Shelly finally broke our kiss; her finger playfully toyed with the head of my cock as she captured a drop of precum and brought it to my lips. I tasted me, and smiling at her, pinched her nipple. She kissed my chest, and then bit my nipples in turn.

"You do like me, don't you?"

"You bet I like you. You give great head, Shelly."

I could hear Sully munching away below me. "Yes, Lover," Shelly moaned to him, "find the spot Lover, that's it, find the . . ."

A violent shudder shook Shelly's entire body. For a second I thought she was having a seizure, but her pleasure was obvious. I realized she was coming hard from Sully's skillful mouth and tongue.

"Are you okay Shelly?" I asked as the tremors slowed.

"Ohhhh, yeah," she purred. "I'm feeling fine . . ." Her hand was wound in Sully's hair. "Baby, that was terrific," she hummed.

"How's our friend," he asked.

"I got there first. We have plenty of time, don't we?"

"Jimbo?"

"I'm not going anywhere."

"Umm, I think this present is going to be my best ever," she giggled.

"James would you like me to finish that blowjob, or would you rather fuck me while I blow Jack?"

Stunned by this conversation, I managed to say, "I think a lady should finish what she starts."

She squealed delightedly, "I think love you!" She kissed me then kissed Sully. "And I love you too, you big lug, thank you for my present. Now let's see, if I get on the couch like this, and James lies back there, yes, like that . . . I think doggy-style would work Jack. What do you think?"

"Good," he said preparing to mount her from behind.

"Ain't anybody gonna ask me what I think?" I said feigning being left out.

"So do you want her to suck your dick or what?" Sully said as he prepared to enter Shelly from behind even though he was only semi-erect.

"Suck my cock, Baby! I shouted, throwing a leg along the top of the couch.

Shelly's hand grasped the base of my dick and brought it to her greedy mouth, paused and said, "I didn't like giving head before I met Jack. Now I love it," and plunged down on my shaft. 

I reveled in the sensation of her hummingbird  like tongue fluttering over the head of my dick and moaned.

"Yeah, he's with the program," Sully panted, as he began pounding furiously against Shelly's rear end. I could hear his balls slapping her ass and felt her arm wriggling downward between our stomachs and realized Shelly was going to finger herself.

"He taught you good baby!" I groaned as her mouth closed down on the tip of my cock and sucked enthusiastically, never taking more than four inches into her small mouth. I felt overwhelmed by the heat of her tongue gliding around and around my dick. I arched my back and started to buck.
