 My world explodes into a million vibrant, radiant colors. My body ceases to be my own. I can no longer feel the bed beneath me. I try to inhale. This orgasm is rocking my body out of control. I look down between my thighs and see Heather smiling up at me, fire sparkling in her green eyes. 

"Oh baby you have no idea how nasty you look and this pussy tastes sooo good," she purrs at me. I see him moving his head towards where she is until they are cheek-to-cheek staring at me. 

He smiles that gorgeous smile, "Mind if I share?" 

They spread my legs wider apart and both of them lick at my pussy at the same time. The indescribable feeling of two hot tongues licking at my cunt is pushing me near another orgasm. I watch them pause to kiss each other sharing my taste. They stop. They are both standing at the edge of the bed. He is behind her caressing one of her luscious tits. He whispers something in her ear that cannot hear. He pulls me up from the bed and lays down where I was. "Come here." I move to straddle him. Mmmm, the feeling of his hips between my thighs. 

I start to slowly grind my hips against him. Rubbing my wet pussy into the smooth black satin of his boxers. His hands move to guide my hips. I am staring down at him licking my lips and squeezing my own tits. Without speaking he mouths the words, "You want it don't you baby?" My head falls backward so that my hair cascades down my back. "I think I want to fuck my pussy a little before WE take you on baby." He grabs my wrists and rolls me over. Quickly he grabs my ankles and pulls them up and spreads them nice and wide stretching my pussy open. Heather pulls his boxers down. Immediately, his cock rams into me. 

I clutch at the sheets I can reach, pulling and writhing beneath his hard body, trying to get him deeper…trying to get him to fuck me hard…sooo hard. "I need it."

"You need what Christine?"

"I need you to fuck me."

"You'll get fucked when I decide to fuck you." Heather moves to straddle my stomach facing him. They are teasingly moving in unison…her pussy rubbing against me while his cock is buried to the hilt. Again he whispers in her ear and then she moves to straddle my mouth. 

The unbelievable site of this beautiful pierced shaved pussy above my mouth is making me crazed with lust. I swallow hard anticipating the feel of her in my mouth on my tongue. She slowly lowers her cunt to my mouth. I inhale deeply…the faint smell of roses and the unmistakable scent of a woman. I lick her clit out of its soft hiding place. 

I suck it into my mouth. Oh god, his cock in me and her pussy in my face. I feel myself nearing another orgasm at the thought of what this must look like. My legs spread so wide with his hands around my ankles and my black stiletto heels. Her straddling my face, moaning, french kissing him, and grinding against my tongue…getting ready to explode and drip down my throat. His cock slowly sliding in and out of my hot wet hole. He pulls out of me…I groan a soft inaudible cry. But his cock is quickly replaced with his tongue. He's lapping at my pussy and inserting his finger into my ass. 

He's really working on my clit now and here it comes again. Another rocket explodes in my cunt. Quickly, Heather cums, flooding my face with her cream. Mmmmm she's sooo sweet. Her thighs are tightly squeezing my head and her hands are clenched around my tits. She's slowly returning to earth. When she's through using my mouth she treats me to a long sensuous kiss…sharing her juice. But the best is yet to come. 

He pulls me to my knees near the edge of the bed. "Can I suck it?"

"Yes, baby, just kiss the tip." I purse my lips while he watches and lower my head to his rock hard cock and kiss the tip. I can't help myself; I start to lick the head. He immediately pulls it away from my mouth. "You naughty girl, you didn't ask me if you could suck my cock."

"Please," is all I can get out. Heather moves next to me on the bed. 

She grabs a handful of my long hair and yanks my head up. She moves her mouth right next to me ear. We are both looking up at him. "Christine, beg him."

"Please, oh god please let me suck it. Use my mouth." Heather again pulls on my hair and forces my mouth open. He moves closer so his hard cock is right in my face. I watch as Heather takes him in her hot mouth. She sucks back and forth a few times getting him even harder. 

Pre-cum is dripping from the head of his cock. She takes the pearly cream on the tip of her tongue and kisses me so hard. Forcing her tongue deep in my mouth. When she pulls back from the kiss she looks right in my eyes, "He's going to fuck your tight throat and cum deep inside." As soon as she moves out of the way, he grabs the sides of my face and rams his cock in my mouth. It starts to slide right down my tight throat. I can't help but gag and yet I have never been more aroused at being used this way. After a few minutes, I relax and he's sliding straight down my throat. I can't believe it. I have never suck him like this before. The entire time Heather his pulling my hair making suck him deeper and harder.

"Oh god this bitch is going to make me cum." He's never talked to me like that and hearing it is going make me cum. My wrists are aching but I don't want this to ever stop. "Oh fuck, I'm cumming." He explodes in my throat. I can feel it going right down. I choke and he pulls back. His cum fills my mouth. Heather quickly takes him in her mouth and cleans his semi-rigid cock. He grabs my throat. "Don't you dare swallow." He waits for Heather to finish. "Share my cum, both of you, I want to see Heather suck it from your mouth, Christine." 

He watches as we deeply French kiss. I let her lick his creamy cum from my mouth. And then seconds later, lick some of it from her lips. He groans, watching us share his cream. He cups one side of my face and then one side of Heather's. He leans down and gives us both a very long, deep kiss. His tongue is so soft and wet then suddenly; the three of us are engaged in the most erotic open-mouthed kiss. 

We break the kiss and I sit back and he quickly removes the rope. My wrists are slightly red if not a little bruised from the rope. He gently rubs the insides of both wrists and lifts them to his lips. Kissing each inner wrist in turn, he looks down at me and whispers, "A reminder of who you belong to, Christine." Heather leaves the bed for a few moments and he lays me back coming down next to me. Several minutes pass, as he caresses my hot, slightly damp skin. It doesn't take long before we both aroused again.

"Get on top, baby, straddle me." I face him and climb on top. "No, sweetheart, face the other way." I stop wondering what he has planned…then I remember his comment…'we take you on.' As I position my pussy above his throbbing cock I notice Heather standing at the end of the bed with the thickest, longest strap-on dildo. She looks incredible erotic. This drop dead gorgeous blonde with this enormous cock. He pushes me slightly forward and I look behind me and he is stroking his cock applying a small amount of Wet to his cock. 

"I'm going to fill that pretty ass baby, while Heather fucks your pussy," all the while stoking his cock. My breath is caught in my throat. He grabs my hips, raises me above him and slowly pushes his cock deep into my ass. It feels sooo good. I lean back and take him in all the way. Heather then moves to straddle his legs and strokes her cock while pinching my nipples. "That's it, ride his cock, shove it in your ass Christine." This is unreal…I need that cock in my pussy. I need Heather to fuck me. "Is this what you want sugar?" She's rubbing the dildo against my pussy…against my clit. "Yes…give it to me."

"Like this sweetheart?" She inserts the tip. 

I strain to get more of her into me without letting him slip out of my ass. "Yessss…please."

"More honey? You want more?"

"Yes." She grabs my hips and rams the entire length of this massive cock into my pussy. I think I am going to split in half. I am in such a state of ecstasy. These two cocks are alternatively sliding in and out of both my holes. She's got great rhythm. I begin to feel him tensing up in my ass. "Get ready Christine I am going to fill your tight ass with cum, baby."

"Oh, fuck." I scream out, slamming hard down on him. I feel him flooding me. Heather pulls out of my cunt. 

She grabs the back of my head and pulls my mouth forward towards that enormous cock. "You little whore suck your juice off my cock. I open my mouth and she slams that rod straight down my throat. I gag but love her making me suck my cum off this dildo that was just in my cunt. He slips out of my ass. He whispers in my ear, "You naughty girl."

"What a fucking whore you are."

"Mmmmm, but you look so good." Heather pulls out of my mouth. 

"Heather, I think Christine needs a bath." She removes her dildo and walks towards a large sunken tub. After the tub is filled with hot, soapy water, Heather and I make our way to the tub. He joins us later handing us both glasses of champagne. I know this night must come to an end soon. Heather and I are sitting next to each other across from him. She's caressing my tits and we french kiss ever so often. This woman is intoxicating. 

"Are you enjoying Heather, Christine?"

"Yes."

"Well, this occasion is not quite over." Now, my interests are piqued. "I want to take two beautiful women to dinner."

"Come Christine", she says stepping out of the tub, "we should get you ready."