 It is July 24th, my birthday. I am going to get a very special birthday present. When I arrived at home, I found a sexy lingerie out fit laid out so perfectly on my bed. A black lace bra with holes cut out for my nipples, a garter belt with nylons, crotch less panties and a scantly robe to top off the look. There was a card laying there that read "Be ready promptly at 8pm. You will receive a visitor with more instructions."

Promptly at 8pm there was a knock at the door. I opened it and a beautiful blond stepped in and closed the door behind her. She handed me another card that read "This is Lisa, you are to do everything you are told to do or suffer the consequences." My curiosity was going in full force.

Lisa said hello and asked what I had to drink, but of course Champagne! It is my birthday after all. I poured her a glass. She had taken off her coat and she was scantly dressed like me. She was gorgeous, nice figure, large firm breast, blond hair and green eyes. She started to dance to the music seductively. She ran her hand all over her body, squeezing her nipples, running her hands between her legs. I notice she was really turning me on. The whole time she was dancing she looked right through me. She started to finger her pussy, getting it all wet. She brought her fingers to her lips and licked the wetness from each finger, one by one.

She asked me if I had ever eaten pussy. No, I hadn't! Lisa told me to finger my pussy as she watched. Thinking of the consequences, I did as I was told. I slowly lowered my hand and began to finger myself as she watch every move. She saw my fingers dripping with my juices and walked over to me. She took my hand and began to lick my fingers. She squeezed my breast and nipples. She put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me to my knees. 

"Do you smell my pussy" she asked. I took a deep breath as she pushed my face closer to her cunt. My mouth was touching her lips. 

"Lick my clit...cunt! Or suffer the consequences." I had never done this before, I guess instinct took over because before I knew it, I was drinking her love juices right from Gods given glass. After I had licked clean, she stood me up and started to finger my pussy. She bit my nipples almost to the point of screaming out in pain. Lisa turned me around, made me spread my legs apart and bend over at the waist grabbing my ankles. She stood there for a minute staring at my ass. All of a sudden...WHACK... a slap on my ass with a wide strap. WHACK...another slap on the other side. WHACK...WHACK...WHACK! I felt my ass getting red. I felt her hands spreading my cheeks apart rubbing her fingers across my ass hole.

Lisa bent over and whispered in my ear, "I am going to fuck you in your ass. That is where all cunts get fucked." Whack, another slap across both cheeks this time. I felt a finger in my pussy. In and out, one finger, two fingers...three. I felt a hot sensation drip from the top of my ass down to my pussy. With one hand fucking my snatch, the other started to work in my ass hole. The pain was fierce at first but then began to intrigue me. I felt my body temperature rise. I caught myself rocking back and forth on her fingers. Faster and faster before I knew it I was having the most intense orgasm I had ever had. I was screaming, "fuck me, fuck my ass hole, fuck my cunt." I dropped with exhaustion. Lisa grabbed me by the hair and pulled me to my feet. 

"You're not finished yet bitch, it's my turn" she said to me.

She pulled me to the couch and told met to undress myself and then her. When we were naked she laid down on the couch ass spread her legs open and ordered me to eat her pussy. I licked her pussy wet and hot and licked my way down to her ass hole. She changed positions to all fours as to offer her ass hole to me. I reached over and grabbed the strap she used on me. WHACK...first on one side and then the other, then both sides at once. She screamed in pain. I spread her ass cheeks apart and began to finger her ass. She started rocking back and forth, faster and faster, deeper and deeper my hand went. She screamed with delight.

When she turned around she kissed me as if she were kissing her lover. After the kiss she slapped my face and ordered me on the floor. On my knees with my face to the floor ass end up. I was ordered to stay there and not to look up.

She got up and went to the door. She openned it to let someone in. Ordered not to look up I didn't know who was in my house. I was then being spanked by a large hand, a masculine hand. The spanking was constant for a minute or two. My ass was burning. Then I felt a large cock go up and down from my ass to my pussy as to tease me and boy was it ever. I was being aroused by the abuse I was being put through. I felt his cock slide in my cunt as his fingers were probing my ass hole as to prepare it for the large cock that was about to enter.

He grabbed my hair and pulled my head up right into Lisa's pussy. "Eat cunt, show me how good you eat pussy" he said. Holding my hair tight, ramming his cock in and out of my pussy, spanking my ass, eating Lisa's pussy I was about to explode!

"You're not allowed to have an orgasm yet" my male intruder said from behind. "If you do you will suffer the consequences."

He pulled his cock from my cunt and slid it in my ass hole. Working it in until his big thick cock disappeared inside me. Pumping me from behind, calling me a fucking whore who deserves to be fucked in the ass like a dog in heat. He fucked me until his cock went limp inside me. I started to drop to the floor when he pulled me back.

"I didn't tell you you could move yet bitch. Stay as you are," I did as I was told.

Lisa again went to the door to let someone in. A female this time. I could smell her perfume. She came over to me and blind folded me. I was then led to an over stuffed chair. She put one leg and one arm over each side of the chair. I was spread wide open. There was silence, not a word was spoken. I could feel all eyes on my pussy and ass. Next I felt hand cuffs being put on me, arm to ankle. I then felt two warm soft tongues licking me. Slow at first then it was like I was their last supper. They gobbled my pussy like it was going to be the last one they would ever have.

In the back ground I could hear my male intruder stroking his cock. Now someone was sucking on my nipples and one eating my snatch. I was scooted up to the edge of the chair so they could get at my ass hole better. My feet and hands were high in the air. I felt a dildo enter my cunt and one in my ass. I was being double fucked and my male intruder was right in front with a birds eye view.

"Fuck her, yeah fuck that cunt, fuck that tight ass hole" I heard from the background. I heard him come closer to me and the dildo in my ass was replaced by his rock hard cock but the one in my pussy remained. In and out they both went in perfect rhythm to bring me to a fierce orgasm but they both stopped just before I came.

"You're not allowed to cum yet" my male intruder said to me. Fuck me, fuck me, you can't leave me like this" I said loudly.

Then nothing, I couldn't hear if anyone was in the room or not. I didn't hear the front door open or close. It was as if my company had left. There I was hand cuffed and spread eagle. I heard clicks, several of them. Someone was taking the hand cuffs off. A hand helped me up from the chair and I was given a glass of champagne. I took the blind fold off. It was my boyfriend.

"Now I will make you cum" he said to me.

I will remember this birthday for the rest of my life ...or suffer the consequences.