 Gina was right, the weather had provided for a rare scorcher on the coast. It was even hotter in the valley, though, so Jim was grateful to get out of town even if Molly hadn't been with him. She told filthy carnal stories about what she and her father did when they were together (leaving out that minor detail of lineage, however), and since Jim didn't want to fuck on the drive, the two of them were good and horny when they pulled up in front of Gina's house.

It was more of a cabin, really, but it had an uninterrupted view of the ocean from every window, and the deck off the back overlooked the beach. Gina and Aaron were already there and enjoying their second adult beverage. Gina received her guests warmly, and she gestured for Aaron to take their bags, such as they were. With the hot weather, there wasn't much need for clothes, and given the activities planned for the weekend, even less incentive to pack anything. They all walked out to the deck to check out the view.

Molly pulled off her tank top and leaned against the railing. Her pale complexion was going to get some exposure, for sure. She wore only a bikini top and a long wrap-around skirt. Gina had on a sundress with a plunging neckline, and it was obvious she declined a bra. Facing westward against the slowly setting sun, everyone could also see that she wore no panties, either. Jim shifted his thickening cock within his shorts, and Molly tugged against the thong that covered very little of her damp pussy. The stories about her father had gotten her wet, and she needed something inside her soon. Seeing Aaron in Speedo briefs that barely caged his dick, his cut young body on display... if this boy, a year younger than her at 18, could keep Gina happy, Molly figured she wanted some of him for herself. 

"Hey, how about we try out that lovely ocean?" Jim asked. "For once, the cold water might actually feel good." 

Everyone agreed, and the foursome went down the deck's stairs to beach level. Aaron ran right in the surf, and after dropping her skirt, Molly was right behind him. Jim tugged his shirt off and looked over at Gina.

"Oh, you gorgeous people go ahead, I'm not quite dressed for it," she grinned. 

But Aaron would have none of that, he picked up Gina at the waist and carried her out into the water. She yelped only once, becoming accustomed to the cool relief quickly. The water did feel good, and they all took turns paddling about, splashing, and letting the heat of the day subside. The sun slumped down a little closer to the horizon, but it was still a while before dusk. 

One by one, they emerged from the ocean. The salty water dripped off everyone suggestively. Aaron simply shook his blond mane to dry off, but had to grab a towel when Gina pointed out that his semi-erect dick was now poking out of his briefs. Molly laughed while marveling at Aaron's cock – he got hard in that cold water? My God, he was a stud, she thought. 

Jim looked down at his own crotch. No such worries for him, his shorts contained his package for now. He noted that Gina's dress clung to her like paint now, showing off her best curves. Her nipples poked through the soaked material like small thumbs. 

Molly was also "flashing her high beams" through her bikini top. It wasn't just the cold water, though. She was still turned on, and seeing Aaron busting out of his briefs only made her hotter.

"Come on, now, let's get out of these wet things," Gina gestured up to the house. As she reached the top of the deck's stairs, the phone started ringing. 

"Goddamn it, now what?" Gina muttered. Aaron yelled for her to let it go, but she was a compulsive phone answerer and a parent. She left Aaron, Molly, and Jim to dry off on the deck. The three of them eyed each other, especially when Molly untied her wet top and let it drop to the deck. The sun felt glorious, but she was hot all over her body now.

Gina returned after several minutes and announced that she had to drive into town to see about some billing problem at the grocery store. 

"Normally, I wouldn't give a shit about it right now but that is where we're getting our food and what not this weekend, so I better straighten it all out tonight," she explained. "So, who wants what for dinner?"

After taking down orders, Gina pulled her soaked dress over her head and laid it on the deck railing to dry. She was completely naked, showing off her olive skin, and her firm breasts jiggled only a little when she picked up Aaron's dry t-shirt to wear. 

"I'll find some pants and be back in a flash. Everyone, play nice until I get back," she teased as she walked back inside. 

Molly looked around at the men. They were both looking at her tits, larger than Gina's and paler, of course, but still deserving the attention. 

"I want to get some of this salt water out of my hair – where's the shower?" 

Aaron indicated which room it was inside, and Molly left the boys to their own devices. The shower stall was quite small, not really room for two, but as she let the water run over her body, she felt pretty confident that there would be enough fun outside of the bathroom soon. 

Molly hopped out of the shower and towel dried her hair, finally wrapping herself up in a thin linen bathrobe left hanging up on a hook. She padded back to the deck to see her Jimmy laid out on a lounge chair, his hand wrapped around a beer. Aaron had stretched out beside the chair and was catching a quick nap with his limbs outstretched and his belly warmed by the sun. She silently crept up behind Jim and bent her head to kiss his neck. 

"Your turn for the shower, I left you a little hot water, if you want it..." she whispered. 

And then Molly gently licked the edges of his ear, sending a shudder down his spine. Jim slowly rose from the chair and moved to her side. Sliding his hand inside the robe, he stroked her hard nipples just once then quickly pulled his hand out and walked away. 

Molly settled in his place on the chair, propping her legs up on the railings and finished off his beer. Aaron stirred when she put the empty bottle down. He raised his head and drew his hand back to scratch the sand out of his hair. She smiled at his silly, almost dog-like gesture. 

Aaron returned her smile and rose up to put his head in her lap, looking straight in her eyes. Molly dropped her legs down and slid her right foot away from her left, allowing her thighs to part slightly. Aaron leaned in to flip open her robe with his nose, exposing her pussy. She was very aroused, and as ever, her blond pubes became nearly invisible when wet.

Never breaking eye contact, Aaron stuck out his long warm tongue. He licked Molly's belly with just the tip, and then began licking further down. She threw her head back in the chair, closes her eyes, and groaned. 

"Oh that's nice, fuck me with your tongue, just like you suck Gina off..."

Aaron tilted forward and pushed his tongue inside of Molly's dripping pussy. With each stroke of his tongue, she became flushed and almost dizzy with desire. She dropped her legs open even more, pushing her mound out to meet Aaron's tongue. He slid down between her thighs while Molly steered his head into her. 

After Aaron's tongue hit her clit, Molly threw up her hands. Jim caught them and she opened her eyes dreamily. He was still naked, but steamed clean from the shower and sporting a huge boner of his own.

"Oh look, you brought me something," she breathed.

"I'm always thinking ahead, Mol," replied Jim with a chuckle. "Looks like you are, too."

She reached over to his full erection and then bent her neck so she could reach it. Molly parted her lips slightly and slipped her own tongue out to taste Jim's cock. It had just a trickle of pre-come at the tip, and she wondered how long he had been watching her and Aaron. Molly then pulled back to address both men

"Wouldn't we be a little more comfortable inside? It'll be tough to double-fuck me in a lounge chair, and tougher to get double-fucked."

Everyone laughed, and Aaron gave her clit a quick flick with his fingers before he stood up.

"Right this way, folks. I know just the place," he said.

His cock was bulging right out of the top of his briefs, so Molly pulled them down the length of his legs and dropped her robe on the deck. She grabbed each man's stiff erection and told Aaron to lead the way. The three walked into the main bedroom, and Molly released them long enough to fall back onto the bed. 

"Spread your legs again, baby," said Jim, "show us both how wet you are." 

She did so and Aaron settled right back in with his tongue. Molly blew out a low moan and spread her hips even further open, allowing Aaron full access to her wetness and her hardening clit. Jim lay down across the bed, stroking his cock while intently watching Aaron go down on Molly. 

"Why don't you kneel down and give Aaron access to all of you," he suggested. 

"Oh, you want to see me fuck him, do you?" Molly asked, but they both knew the answer to that. Only a blind man could miss Aaron's cock getting excited and even longer. Molly could not wait to feel him inside her – not her ass, not yet, but her steaming cunt. Jim had converted her to the charms of straight intercourse, and now Aaron would be her second. How different would his long thin hook feel from Jim's shorter but much thicker rod? 

She didn't want to wait a second longer to find out. Kneeling by the foot of the bed, she thrust her pelvis out and positioned herself for penetration by Aaron. His cock was now fully extended to its eight-and-a-half inch length, and Molly noted the curious bend that Gina had told her about.

"Jimmy, am I going to be able to fit that boomerang inside me?" she asked.

"Baby, you can take it with room to spare – show her, Aaron."

Aaron guided his cock to her pussy, brushing her lips with the tip. She was so wet from his blowjob, and now she involuntarily shivered in anticipation of this fuck.

"Your old lady will be back soon, Aaron, so don't tease me – put that monster in!"

Aaron grinned while he parted the moist outer lips of her cunt, and then leaned into Molly with a penetrating thrust.

"So, you want me to fuck you, huh? Let me hear you say so," he said through gritted teeth. 

Molly reached around for his narrow ass and pulled him into her. 

"The word is given, stud: I want you to make me cum with that cock of yours, right now!"

With a laugh, Aaron withdrew his erection to where it hooked off, and then spun around in Molly's pussy, searching for her g-spot. He found something that felt good, because Molly let go of his ass and fell all the way back on the bed. Aaron never broke contact. Soon, his pumping picked up speed and the two of them were fucking with great determination.

Molly reached over for Jim's own considerable cock. She moved up and down the shaft in time with Aaron's fucking, and Jim leaned in to lick her sensitive neck and breasts. 

"Oh yes, my two big boys - are you going to cum for me, big boys?" she groaned.

Aaron snaked down between their sweaty bodies and began to finger Molly's clit with a slow circular motion, never stopping his cock's assault. 

"I think you're going to be the one to cum, girl, and very soon," he promised.

And he delivered. The sensations of Aaron fucking her with his long thin cock, sliding in and out of her, touching places she had never reached even with her dildos, was incredible. Stroking Jim off at the same time, two hot cocks at once, just added to her pleasure. But when Aaron flicked her clit with his fingers and Jim bit down on her nipple, it was too much.

"Ooooohhhhh, fuck, yes, that's it!"

Molly came with a scream and a ferocious shudder. Aaron, however, was not done. He continued to thrust inside her, his fucking growing more and more rapid. Jim stepped over to the edge of the bed and sat down, his erection pointing skyward. 

"Suck me, Mol, while I watch Aaron fuck you." 

She lowered her head and licked Jim's familiar and delicious cock, ready to have both men inside her now. 

"Yeah, uh, put it all in, um, your mouth," he gasped between labored breaths. 

Molly opened her mouth and laid her tongue flat against the bulging vein running vertically up his cock. She slowly moved her head up and down while flicking her tongue around his erection. Jim ran his hands in her hair to guide her rhythm while she blew him.

As if she needed help with rhythm – Aaron was digging into her back with his fingers and getting close to his own orgasm. 

"Where do you want me, girl, where do you want my cum?"

She took one hand off Jim's cock long enough to push Aaron's hips into hers.

"Inside you? All right, here I cum, deep inside you, right now..."

Aaron pounded into her pussy, and Jim's groans became louder. With a final thrust, Aaron filled her with his seed. Molly could feel the twitching blasts, like a hose going off inside her. 

Or was that Jim? At the same moment, he exploded in her mouth, pulsing his cum right up against the back of her throat. Molly grabbed his cock with both hands to finish Jim off, all the while using her pussy muscles to squeeze every bit of her prize out of Aaron. She loved the sensation of both men's jism warming her at opposite ends. 

Jim pulled back with a pop, his cock drained and buffed to a shine by Molly's hungry mouth. Aaron slowly withdrew from her pussy, slimy with both their juices now. They were both breathing hard, but their dicks looked ready for more. Molly reclined all the way back on the bed, tucking a couple of pillows under her head. 

"Don't give out on me now, boys, we've only just begun to fuck!"

She tugged on Aaron, pulling him forward to straddle her face. His cock was still thin and lean, and now it pushed out toward her face. Aaron brought its head around and then thrust his cock into her mouth, and Molly began making little sucking noises, exploring its unique length with her tongue.

Jim stood up and walked around to where Aaron had just finished fucking Molly. He slid between her legs to expose her oozing pussy, and then he bent his head down to lick the inside of her flushed thighs, wet with Aaron's sweat and cum. Soon, his tongue lightly wandered around the engorged lips of her cunt and then teased the tip of her clit in gentle, flicking motions. 

Molly continued to suck Aaron's cock, as he pumped his groin into her face. 

"Oh shit yeah, that's good! Where did you learn to give such great head?" he asked.

"If only you knew," Molly replied quickly, and then she took his first four inches back in her mouth. Aaron's bend made blowing him a challenge, but tasting their fuck juices made her hungry to take that half down – and more.

Jim continued to tenderly lick up and down the length of her cunt, circling first her asshole and then moving up to her clit. He teased Molly over and over again, each time savoring her clit a little more. Molly's hips moved with Jim's face and she lifted her pelvis off the bed to meet his tongue. 

She was quickly soaking wet, so Jim slid two fingers up inside her – in and out in a forceful motion while circling her clit with his tongue. Molly rocked against his face, her wetness covering his lips and chin. Her orgasm, Jim knew from experience, would not be far behind.

Molly groaned around Aaron's cock as she came, her body convulsing with pleasure. It only made her want Aaron's cum in her mouth even more. She reached around to squeeze his balls while sucking madly, and in a moment, Aaron started to yell.

"Yeah, that's it, take my load down your throat, take it all, baby!"

As Aaron shot off in Molly's mouth, Jim could wait no longer. He flipped her over on her belly, rolling Aaron out for a moment, and raised her hips up.

"It's time to give your ass some attention now, Mol, I hope you're ready!"

Jim forced his cock up her ass, and Molly whimpered with pain, but only for a second. She quickly grinded back in pleasure against his thrusts. It didn't take Jim's balls long to contract and blast his cum inside her ass. All three of them cheered on Jim's orgasm, and fell back to the bed. Covered with sweat, slime, and their assorted fuck juices, they were all sated for the time being. 

"Wow..." said Molly, in a kind of daze. "That was definitely better than giving hand jobs to high school boys."

"Yeah, a little better," agreed Jim. "Pretty tame stuff for you, though, huh Aaron?"

"Are you kidding? I can't think of a tastier way to start the weekend. Well, except maybe dinner, but we'll have to wait on Gina for that."

"That's OK," whispered Molly, "because I can use a breather." 

Just then, the sound of Gina's truck pulling up the sandy driveway could be heard. Simultaneously, Jim and Molly had the urge to cover up or do something to smooth over the events of the last hour, needless as the gesture was. They caught each other in that momentary panic and laughed. Aaron had already bounded out the door to greet Gina.

"As if Gina didn't know what was going to happen, huh?" Molly chuckled.

"Yeah," replied Jim, "you can't light a fuse, walk away, and think it's not going to go off just because you didn't see it. Or something."

Molly pulled Jim close to her. "Thanks, Jimmy, you're being very open-minded about all this."

"I just want to make you feel good, Mol. It's not like I'm getting cheated myself, you know."

They kissed and grinded their wet bodies against each other before rising to see what their hostess had brought back.

Coming through the kitchen door with bundles of food, Gina gave everyone a breezy hello while Aaron grabbed the grocery bags she carried. 

"Got all that straightened out, at last. Now, who wants dinner?" she asked, in a motherly way. "I also picked out a movie, if anyone likes to watch."

Gina said nothing at first about their nudity and the very apparent signs of sexual hi-jinks, which Molly found curious for just a second. Then she realized she was rather hungry and joined Jim and Aaron in putting food on plates and pouring drinks. The three of them padded around nude in the kitchen while Gina, retaining her t-shirt and shorts, commented on how hot everyone looked and how much she looked forward to joining them.

By the time they all retired to the living room, the sun had finally gone down and cast a mellow dusky darkness over the beach. Rather than snap on a light, Gina put the video in the VCR and hit play. Both couples relaxed on separate sofas and turned to the TV screen to start watching the video. Jim and Molly were quickly surprised to see that the video wasn't just some rental from the grocery store. 

Instead, the foursome was sitting together watching a home video of Aaron nuzzling Molly between her legs, just as the debauchery had started earlier. Gina looked at their faces carefully and then spoke.

"Aaron and I apologize for startling you both in this way," she began. "We took a chance that you would eventually appreciate our actions, though. And Molly, sweetie, you look so delicious being ravished!"

"Well, um, thanks, I guess." Molly spoke first. "I have to say I didn't expect this, and I'm very curious about how all this was filmed, but you know, watching this – watching us – has me horribly turned on." 

"OK then, I'm ready to join in the weekend fun," said Gina. "Aaron, why don't you lay out that soft blanket on the floor between the sofas and give me a minute to change...?"

Gina walked out of the room while Aaron deployed the requested comforter. He also found the remote and turned on the stereo to a funky Latino salsa song. Listening to it enhanced the images on the TV screen to bring the carnality of the room to a new high. Aaron's cock was already becoming stiff with anticipation, and Molly could not wait to see what else Gina had planned.

She did not have long to wait. Gina returned wearing a long robe of her own and walked to the center of the blanket. She gave Aaron's cock a quick tug, and then kneeled down to facing Molly and Jim. Letting the robe drop over her shoulders and down to the blanket, Gina showed off all her gentle curves and olive-hued beauty. Her breasts were lovely and round and very real, and her belly swelled slightly below her navel. The most amazing thing, however, was beneath her belly. 
