 (Two stories precede this one. Both of them are good reading, helpful for continuity, but not necessary. OH)

The sun rises in the east, which means that every morning in the paradise that is Orient Beach, St. Martin, the sun comes out of the ocean and begins its job of warming everything in its path. To sit with a fresh cup of cappuccino and feel the power of that golden sphere as it climbs its way into the sky is so cathartic. Mix the ethereal nature of the sun, the nectar of the gods that coffee is, and the memories of the intense sex from the day before and you know that this day, too, will be a very good day. 

I couldn't be happier. My wife was still in bed, sleeping blissfully as only someone could who was fully satisfied and satisfying as a wife and a lover. I hoped that her acceptance of my interaction with Jack was as acceptable today as it was the night before. I've mentioned before that I was not a spontaneous person. Almost everything I do is "on my agenda," even the things that I haven't done yet. I am rarely taken by surprise. As I sat sipping my cappuccino, I was imagining and plotting what I would have to do to suck Jack's cock again or have him suck mine.

"Hi, honey," I heard from my wife who was standing just inside our bungalow, beautifully and unashamedly naked, her hands over her head doing a "just got outta bed" stretch. "How're you doing this morning?"

"Fantastic," I said. "Yesterday was an unbelievable day. Have I told you lately how much I love you?" I'm not one for initiating any kind of affectionate repartee, but I knew how much my wife loved to hear "sweet nothings." Her actions the day before were so unexpected and I prayed that it wasn't just a one-day thing.

She answered my silent prayers.

"Did you have fun yesterday? I know I did. What have I been missing out on?"

"Baby, this is only the beginning. It's going to be a blast playing catch-up. C'mon, sit down and have some coffee." Before she came out onto our little deck, she put on a sheer sarong. Even sexier than being naked, a beautiful body just barely covered can be so erotic and sensual.

"Jack and Juli are quite a couple, wouldn't you say?" I was looking for a reaction, either positive or negative. Whatever that reaction was would have an effect on the rest of our vacation. "As you saw last night, Jack and I hit it off rather well!"

"You sure did. I've never seen two guys become so friendly so quickly, and I do mean friendly. To tell you the truth, I like Juli a lot. Our conversation wasn't like we just met. We developed an immediate understanding of each other. Her advice was so intuitive. I think I have a friend for life. I know I want to spend more time with her."

My relationship with Jack wasn't quite as deep as my wife's relationship with Juli. That's a woman for you. Two women meet and they become sisters. Two guys meet and all they do is want to suck each other's dicks. Well, maybe it isn't quite that extreme. Actually, I know it's not as simple as I just described it. Two women meet and they appraise one another. Is either threatened by the appearance or demeanor of the other? If first impressions are good then they move to the next phase. They talk about all the bullshit that women talk about, which includes kids, taste in fashion, work if they work, things that they might have in common, and, then, of course, and their marriages. It might take a second or third conversation before they get into sex, what they like and don't like, and what kind of jerks their husbands are. The husband part of the conversation usually starts with some kind of one-upmanship. You know, "my husband is the best husband in the world," until one of the women admits that her husband really doesn't live up to her standards but is 90% better than what is out there. Then the conversation gets down and dirty. What ultimately ends up is that the women develop an emotional bond and become "sisters." Juli and my wife had become "sisters."

Two guys meet and are less concerned with appearance. It's their interests that are key in building a relationship. Are they both into sports and then it's what sports? Do they play golf? A relationship is more likely to be built if there is some debate in their conversation. After all, if two people agree on everything, then there isn't all that much to talk about. I know from my own personal experience that a good political discussion can get two guys interested in talking to each other as they try to convince each other who's right and who's wrong. Men aren't described as bitchy but if a guy is too rigid in his opinions, there may never be a relationship. Jack and I had risen above the mundane. Our relationship was all about cocksucking. In my opinion, that's a much better basis than sports or politics.

"Juli and I thought that we'd all do something together today. We're supposed to meet them for breakfast. I'm going to shower. Do you want to join me?"

I had visions of my first blowjob of the day.

"Sure, No sense in wasting water. We can shower together. I look forward to soaping you up."

"No sex 'til later. You know that I'm not really a morning person. You'll get the best from me later in the day. Let's just shower and meet them."

"Ok, Ok!" I have always been a morning person. As a matter of fact, back home, I like to jerk off first thing in the morning. My wife would still be in bed. I'd go down and make coffee and check out the latest pictures on Redclouds and the newest stories on Literotica. It doesn't take long before my cock is good and stiff and needs attention. Making love alone is not the worst way to start the day. I guess I would have to change my routine, at least on this vacation. If the sex was going to be as good as it was yesterday for the rest of our time on St. Martin, I could deal with a change in my schedule.

We met Jack and Juli at the restaurant for breakfast. They looked rested and relaxed, engaged in an animated conversation as we approached the table. Jack stood up, stepped out from around the table and embraced my wife, giving her a very friendly kiss on the cheek. My wife blushed a bit and sat down next to Juli. They kissed each other with a gentle touch of the lips, a gesture that I thought expressed a comfort level that my wife had rarely shown with anyone else, ever. Jack extended his hand and we shook as men do when they greet each other but it was a firm handshake of trust and confidence.

The waiter came by and we ordered our breakfast, a bowl of succulent fruit, French pastries and some delicious Caribbean coffee.

"Hey guys, there's a little island right off the beach called Caye Verte. I was talking to one of the staff who told me it's got several private little beaches. There's a launch that can take us out there and pick us up at whatever time we want. What do you think? We can pack a lunch and we'd have a private beach all to ourselves." Jack had a sparkle in his eye that said more than just his words. I just knew he had a plan.

There was a moment of silence as we all looked at each other, waiting for someone to respond to Jack's idea. Much to my surprise, my wife was the first to answer.

"It sounds like a great idea. What time do we leave?"

I was a little shocked at her willingness to participate in this adventure so quickly. In the past, she'd have to be cajoled and convinced that there was nothing to fear. Sometimes I would have to beg her to try new things, and I don't mean just sexually. Juli was equally quick to agree.

"It'll be like being in the Garden of Eden. And we won't have anybody else around. I know we'll have a lot of fun." Juli was ebullient. I was learning that Juli was always bright and cheery and looking for fun. Jack was a lucky guy.

After going back to our cottages and collecting some things to take with us, we met at the dock for the ride to Caye Verte. Jack, covering all the bases, procured a cooler, some sandwiches, and some nice cold beers for lunch. For the ride over, Jack and I were wearing shorts and the girls had "barely there" bathing suits from Wicked Weasel. Ten minutes later, we were on the beach. We had an umbrella and beach blankets from the boat. It was 10 o'clock in the morning. We told the fellow who took us to pick us up at 3pm.

The beach was incredible. The sand was as white as could be, the water was about 80°, and there was a very light breeze. We set up the umbrella and laid out the two oversized beach blankets about six feet apart. No sooner were we settled into our little paradise than the girls stripped off their bathing suits and, holding hands like little schoolgirls, ran into the water. Jack and I looked at each other and laughed. 

"When in Rome..." Jack said as he took off his shorts, revealing that cock that I had become so fond of. I wasn't going to be the only one clothed so I took my shorts off as well. I reached into my bag and pulled out some cocoa butter. I put some on my legs, face, chest, and arms. I put some on my cock and balls as well. My first thought was about tanning but as soon as I began rubbing the fragrant cocoa butter on my crotch, my mind switched channels.

"Can I put some of that on your back?" Jack asked.

"Oh sure," I said, my mind switching back to thinking more of the necessity to get a good tan than anything else.

Jack came over to my blanket, kneeled down next to me and put a dollop of the cocoa butter in his hands and then rubbed my back. His touch was more than just an application of tanning oil. There was sensuality to his style. There was no doubt about it. He was subtly seducing me. My mind went back to the adult channel. 

"Do my back, will you?" Jack asked with that fucking shit-eating grin that was becoming so familiar. I put some of the butter on his back with a more mechanical style than his. Jack went back to his blanket. Meanwhile, the girls were waist deep in the water, facing each other with their noses almost touching. They were probably 20 yards away from us so it wasn't all that easy to see precisely what they were doing but I swear I saw their lips touch more than once.

I looked at Jack and commented how famously the girls were getting along. He watched them for a minute or two and then said that he had to agree, that they were in a world of their own. There was no doubt that we were watching quite a show. Their lips were, in fact, locked on each other and it was quite obvious that they were touching each other's tits. It was a pleasure to watch them. I looked over at Jack's cock. He was well on his way to an erection. Mine was no better. The girls were engrossed in each other. 

After several more minutes of kissing and touching, the girls came out of the water, hand-in-hand.

"You ladies seem to be enjoying yourself," Jack commented.

The girls just looked at us and smiled. My wife looked like she was in some kind of trance. Juli looked at me and said, "Excuse me but could you move over to the other blanket. I looked at Jack and he looked at me. We were both a little puzzled, but I moved off the blanket and sat down next to Jack. Juli and my wife sat down on the blanket and started to kiss each other with deep soulful kisses. I don't mean just lip to lip. Each was trying to choke the other with her tongue. Their arms were, at first, wrapped around each other and then feeling each other's breasts with slow sensuous motions. 

It looked like they were melting into each other. They became a tangle of arms and legs so closely intertwined that it was difficult to distinguish what belonged to whom. My wife was lying flat on her back when Juli turned around so that she was on her knees with her tits resting on my wife's face. My wife took one of Juli's pierced nipples in her mouth and started sucking on it. Juli's face was hovering over my wife's chest when she started sucking on one of my wife's tits. Juli was holding herself up on her arms. My wife's hands were free. She wrapped her arms around Juli's waist so her hands were resting on Juli's ass. They were really going to town on each other, totally unaware of anything else. Jack and I could only watch. They certainly didn't want or need any help.

The mutual nipple sucking went on for about fifteen minutes, switching back and forth from tit to tit. My dick was rock hard. Jack's looked like it was going to burst. Juli stopped sucking on my wife's titties and moved forward until they were in a sixty-nine position, with Juli's cunt just inches away from my wife's face. Juli buried her face in my wife's pussy. My wife grabbed Juli's ass and pulled her down so she could lick Juli's snatch. These two ladies were digging into each other with such passion and energy Jack and I could feel the heat from their bodies. What I was watching was a show beyond my wildest dreams. The two women were making incredible love to each other.

Each had her face buried in the other's crotch. The sounds they were making were unmistakably the sounds of pleasure. The lustful grunts and purring, interspersed with moans of complete sexual gratification developed a rhythm that could only measure the number of orgasms Juli and my wife were giving to each other. It had been almost a half hour since the girls came out of the water and begun their sexual play. All at once, both women shrieked simultaneously and, with heads still buried, they shook almost violently, and then, like the air let out of a balloon, just seemed to collapse. All movement stopped. Jack and I looked at each other in absolute amazement at what we had just witnessed.

"Do you think they're still alive?" Jack asked rhetorically.

At that moment, the two women separated and sat up next to each other, looking almost hypnotized. They both looked like the cat that swallowed the canary. Their mouths were covered with a slick glaze from eating each other out. My wife put her hands on the sides of Juli's head and pulled Juli towards her. I could see their mouths open and tongues come out just before they kissed each other with incredible passion. They both turned and looked at Jack and me. We must have looked like quite a pair, lying on the other blanket. We were both totally enthralled by what we had seen. My dick was hard as was Jack's.

"It certainly looks like you boys enjoyed the show," Juli said, obviously looking at our penises. 

"What's in it for us," my wife piped up, something I never would have expected. Juli looked at her and smiled radiantly.

"Yeah, this shouldn't be a one-way street, not if you guys ever want to see anything like that again," Juli added.

"What do you want us to do?" I asked, imagining the worst, or should I say the best.

My wife came back at me quickly. "Like you always say, honey, what's good for the goose, is good for the gander. You and Jack can suck each other."

This was not the woman I knew yesterday. She had come out of her shell like a stripper jumping out of a birthday cake.

"Yup, that works for me, too," Juli said.

I looked at Jack and he looked at me. It was easy to see that we weren't unhappy with the solution to the problem. 

"Let's do it!" Jack said with a flourish.

I moved into a head-to-toe position so that my cock was just a few inches from Jack's face. I moved forward and took his cock into my mouth. Simultaneously, Jack started sucking my dick. If Jack was excited as I was after watching our wives have mad passionate sex with each other, we weren't going to last long. I took Jack's cock as deep as I could. I was very excited and wanted to please him as much as I could. One hand was wrapped around the base of his dick while I massaged his ass cheeks with the other. I began to run my fingers up and down the crack of his ass, lightly touching his puckered anus. When I did that, Jack started thrusting his cock down my throat. I couldn't really take his cock as deeply as I would have liked so I sucked it harder.

Jack was a master at cocksucking. He knew that my orgasm was imminent so he just had the tip of my prick in his mouth. He alternately sucked on it and massaged my glans with his tongue, just like the first time he sucked me. Our orgasms were virtually synchronized. As I started to cum, the first dollop of Jack's cream hit the roof of my mouth. My mind was split between the pleasure I was trying to give Jack and the pleasure he was giving me. I can't remember the number of squirts there was between the two of us. All I knew was that I had a mouthful of delicious cum which I swallowed as fast as I could. The extreme pleasure I felt from the tongue-lashing Jack gave me was sublime. After we both ejaculated, we remained still for a minute or two and then we sat up, facing the girls.

"Satisfied, ladies?" Jack said. Somehow he always knew just the right thing to say. Juli and my wife were sitting cross-legged on the other blanket with their arms linked. They each seemed to have a glow. Maybe it was the sun, or maybe they were flushed with excitement. Either way, they looked beautiful. They looked at each other.

"What do you think, Hon? Did our boys do right by us?" Juli said.

"Uh, huh!!" My wife was smiling like a Cheshire cat. "I watched you guys last night and I thought that that was fabulous but what I just saw had that beat by a mile. Thank you!!"

I looked at Jack, turned back to the girls. "It was our pleasure!" and I wasn't kidding. My wife came over to me and gave me a big kiss. Juli and Jack settled in on their blanket and my wife and I got comfortable on ours. We spent the next couple of hours talking and laughing, discussing our sexual escapades or lack thereof and deciding what we were going to do for dinner. We had become close friends although we still didn't know all that much about each other. For whatever reasons, maybe the sense of freedom that we felt with each other or the ease with which we shared our intimacy, we all felt secure with one another.

The boat picked us up late in the afternoon. I wanted to nap for a little while my wife said she was going to read. I asked Jack if he and Juli had any plans for the evening. His answer was more sex. I suggested that we might all go out for dinner together. We decided to go into Grand Case to a great restaurant called L'Auberge Gourmande that my wife and I have been to many times. Jack said that they had never eaten there before. I told them that they were in for a wonderful meal. It was agreed that we'd meet in the parking lot at 7 and head into Grand Case.

I napped for a while and I assume my wife was reading. How would I know, anyway, I was asleep. I got up and took a shower. My wife had already showered, knowing full well that it was going to take her much longer to get ready. I told her that she really didn't have to make a big deal out of getting ready. She looked great from sitting in the sun all day. Her red hair was all curly from the humidity, giving her a very young and fresh look. I didn't expect her to be wearing all that much, just a wrap skirt and a gauzy see-thru top. This was the time for no bra and definitely no underwear. All she needed was a little lipstick to accentuate her pouting lips and she was all set. As she sat in front of the dressing mirror, getting her hair just right, I reached into my suitcase and pulled out a small gift-wrapped box.

"This is for you, honey," I said as I extended my hand. She looked at me with surprise, not expecting any kind of gift. She took it from me and said thank you. She opened the box anxiously. What she found was a "Rosebud," a bejeweled anal butt plug. 

"Oh, sweetheart, is this for me, or is it really for you?" There was gentle sarcasm in her tone and a sly smile on her face.

"Baby, this is for your pleasure. If you don't want it, I'll understand." Like hell would I understand. 

"Thank you, sweetheart. Would you like me to wear it tonight?"

Now you're talking. I love my wife. She knows when to get on the train. "That would be awesome."
