 This is the end of Summer 1971. Thanks to those who stuck it out, despite the technological problems that must have confused a whole lot of readers. Thanks to those at Lit for their help.

If you are new to this story, I suggest you at least do a Evelyn Wood number on the earlier three parts so that things make sense. Better yet, read them all very carefully and make yourself and the author very happy.

1. How was it?

I was in the shower when Kenny returned from his encouraged absence, and when I emerged from the stall he wanted details, and he wanted them now!

"Oh man how was it? Like I don't know!" Kenny asked excitedly while throwing me a towel from the top of the hamper. "You lucky fuck! All this time you play the virgin and the innocent and now this? Shit!"

"Nothing happened" I told Kenny, as I dried myself quickly and far more modestly than he had earlier.

"What?"

"Nothing happened" I assured Kenny, as I threw on the robe and headed out to get dressed.

"Why the fuck not?" Kenny asked, hanging on my every word. What a switch this was!

"I dunno, it just seems... wrong" I said with uncertainty. "Without Dom, it just seemed wrong."

"She wanted it though. Damn! I could tell that the minute she walked in the door" Kenny exclaimed. "She only had eyes for you, my man."

I had dressed in world record time and was now heading back into the bedroom to brush my hair before it turned into the Bride of Frankenstein look that it developed when left unattended.

"What the hell is that, an Elmer's Glue dispenser disguised as underwear?" Kenny quipped while looking at my semen filled fruit of the looms lying in the middle of the room. "There's has gotta be a story behind this!"

I brushed my hair while I tried to find the words to explain what I was experiencing, and what I was feeling.

"This is probably no big deal to you, but to me this is... freaky" I said. "She climbed all over me when you left, and I told her I didn't feel good so she would leave me alone. I barely escaped with hand release. Her hand!" I added quickly before continuing.

"She... well, Angela and Dom that is, want us to come to their house for a cookout later. There's going to be more than burgers there, I'm sure" I told him leaving no doubt as to what the 'more' meant.

"Oh shit" Kenny said, now all of a sudden much more reserved. "Well, how do you feel about this Dave? I mean, she's your girl."

"She's not MY girl, you asshole" I said half laughing. "She's Dom's wife, for chrissakes. She's a woman more than twice my age! As for me, I don't care one way or the other. I like them both a lot, but these people are in another world as far as I'm concerned. They're freakin' swingers! They want you there, so of course it's fine with me. What do you think about this? You know more about this stuff than I do."

"ME?" Kenny said incredulously. "If Angela is going to have her clothes off anywhere in this time zone in my lifetime, I'll be there! I just don't want to cramp your style."

"I don't even have a style" I muttered as I threw on a shirt. Frankly, I didn't know what I had, or wanted. 

2. What the hell is this?

We walked the main drag of Lake George much of the afternoon. I told Kenny of what I had experienced this summer, and he listened patiently while fending off the advances of at least four seriously fuckable females enroute. Around four o'clock we ended up back at my apartment, and I gathered up some stuff.

"What are you bringing?" Kenny asked as I threw a few things in a gym bag.

"Just bring clothes to change into in the morning, and a toothbrush" I suggested.

"Didn't you say they had a swimming pool? Kenny asked. "I was hoping to swim a little while I was up here, and it's hotter than hell. I'll bring the suit."

"Well yes, they do have a built-in pool, and it's unbelievable" I told Kenny. "But you won't need a bathing suit. If you wore one, one of them would probably rip it off you."

"What the hell do you have me getting into here Dave?" Kenny asked, and for that I didn't really have an answer.

We drove up along the lake in Kenny's car, and yes, he had gotten yet another parking ticket for which his mother would probably feel the financial wrath at sometime in the future, when he was safely back at school in Colorado.

There was another car that I didn't recognize in the driveway when we got to Dominic and Angela's just before five that afternoon. It was still hotter than hell, and I was looking forward to that dip in the pool, and with considerable trepidation at what would follow. 

We walked along the path on the side of the house, and Kenny's usually extensive vocabulary had been reduced to two words.

"Holy shit" was all he could manage as we entered the area behind the house and he caught sight of the view of Lake George that peeked from between the branches in the yard. "All this from selling slices of pizza?"

"That was pretty much what I thought when I first saw it" I assured Kenny, as we opened the gate to the pool area.

My initial question about the owner of the car was immediately answered, as I saw the girl we had just hired talking to Dominic. He was busy trying to get a pit of charcoal fired up, and Lisa, our new cashier who I had met for about five seconds yesterday before we left, was yakking away to Dominic.

"Oh shit, that's the girl from your place" Kenny said under his breath to me, and when Lisa saw Kenny come into the backyard, she abandoned Dominic and flew over to greet us. Kenny, I mean.

"Oh hi Kenny!" Lisa gushed after ever so briefly nodding toward me, her future boss. "Angela said you'd be here."

Lisa was wearing a white tank top that clearly displayed her wares, and although the sight of her tits was pleasant enough, I could tell that Kenny was less than overjoyed by her presence. I thought he considered her less of an attraction than a distraction.

What did I think? I thought that Angela had invited Lisa to occupy Kenny. Perhaps I was being a tad presumptuous at thinking that, but at least; that's the way it felt to me.

Anyway, Lisa latched onto Kenny like static cling, so I wandered over to watch Dominic and give him a hand. Kenny followed right behind me with Lisa in hot pursuit. I thanked Dominic as profusely as humanly possible for the tickets, and along with Kenny gave him the rundown on the incredible concert and the great seats.

"Hey, I'm glad everything went good for you boys" Dom said while finally getting the charcoal blazing.

Kenny was distracted by the sight of Angela coming out of the house with food. She had changed into a lime green robe that went about half way down her thighs, but kept everything under wraps. Kenny and I helped Angela out with all the stuff, and I took note of a half dozen hunks of beef that looked like softballs.

"What the hell are those?" I whispered to Kenny, displaying my ignorance quietly.

"I think that they're filet mignon, but I'm not sure" Kenny offered. While we were both from middle class families who really had nothing to complain about financially, if the word steak was ever mentioned around our houses it would likely have have been preceeded by the word chuck, cube or salisbury.

They were indeed filet mignon, and so once again I was introduced to something new by Angela and Dom. The meal was incredible, with baked potatoes and salad, and a steak so tender I was cutting it with my fork. Kenny and I exchanged glances that clearly indicated that this was one hell of a way to live.

3. After dinner delights

We sat around the pool, drinking Pina Coladas and soaking up the last of the late afternoon sun before it began hiding behind the trees.

"I'm going to change into my bathing suit and swim, is that okay?" Lisa asked.

"How long do you have to wait to swim after eating, anyway?" I asked.

"Half hour I think" Dom suggested. "Should be okay now, but you don't need a suit around here Lisa. We're very casual here, and hidden too! Nobody can see you but us!" Dom claimed while waving at the tree lined property.

Lisa laughed and promptly skipped into the house, apparently to change clothes, while Angela chuckled.

"I think that Lisa, she's thinking that you kid her" Angela suggested, as she began cleaning up the picnic mess. Both Kenny and I jumped up and helped her. Perfect gentlemen were we, although I think Kenny mainly wanted to get close to Angela.

Since I had tasted the pleasures already, I gave Kenny room to operate. Besides, during dinner Angela had waited until I looked her way, and then slowly spread her legs wide open, while sitting innocently on the lawn chair eating. The lime green robe parted for a second to reveal that underneath the robe there was nothing blocking the view of Angela's furry valley. An unnecessary reminder, need I add?

Lisa bounced out to the patio in a pink bikini that would have gotten a lot more of our attention if it weren't for the competition. Her seemed to have a cute pair of titties on her, and I was inspired by the bottom of the suit. It was cut way too briefly to hide the fact that the strawberry blonde hair on her head was really that color.

"Am I the only one that's going to swim?" Lisa complained, pouting a little with her hands on her hips as she stood next to the pool.

"Hell no Lisa, I'm coming in!" Dom said, and in a minute he had stripped down and ran past a very surprised Lisa and jumped into the water, as naked as could be.

Kenny and I exchanged amused glances and after shrugging, I began taking off my clothes. Kenny soon followed and in a minute we were bare assed too, and walked past Lisa and to the pool's edge. Poor innocent Lisa was in a state of shock at this point, I thought, but not too stunned to give Kenny a thorough examination. Lisa seemed mostly focused on that modest little wiggling weiner with considerable interest. Have patience grasshopper, was the thought that crossed my mind as she looked at his pecker. I pictured how much different she would be looking later when that thing got angry.

Dom was treading water and also looking at Kenny's unit with a quizzical look on his face. I regretted telling him about Kenny now, because he was looking him over like Lisa was, only Dom was waiting for the big show.

We eased our way into the refreshing water and splashed around a bit, leaving Lisa standing out there looking confused.

"Hop in Lisa!" Dominic encouraged her, as she looked like she either was going to take off her bikini or flee. We watched with interest as she started to make little moves that suggested she might untie her top.

"I don't know... I feel silly all alone here" Lisa said with uncertainty. "What about Angela, is she going to wear a suit?"

Angela had just come out of the house and was coming up behind Lisa. Deftly, she must have grabbed the string because Lisa's top came undone, exposing her little treasures. Another girl who had apparently gone braless most of her life, as her breasts were of the fried egg variety. Cute enough, I thought, but I feared I was spoiled.

"Suit, don't be silly! I don't even have a suit Lisa!" Angela said. "I'll be back out in a minute" Angela remarked as she chuckled at Lisa cupping her hands over her breasts in surprise.

As Angela brought the cooking utensils back into the house, Lisa finally let the top fall off her and then tugged down the bottoms, exposing a richly forested mound that looked good enough to eat. 

Lisa only had eyes for Kenny though, as after she got into the water she was all over him. Kenny was playing along, but with one eye on the patio door waiting for Angela's return. He didn't have long to wait, as Angela soon came out and joined us.

"Looks like it's refreshing in there!" Angela said. "You got room for one more?"

"We'll squeeze together if we have to!" Kenny said, and Angela laughed and let her robe slide off her shoulders.

She was naked underneath, and my eyes went to the others to see their reactions. It was hard to tell who was more awestruck, Kenny or Lisa, as they stared open mouthed at Angela, who was giving them a real show in a very casual way.

She came over and dipped her toe in the water right in front of us, before walking around to the steps at the other end, giving everyone the full view from the front, side and back. I was standing next to the side wall as Lisa gasped softly and whispered to Kenny.

"Oh my god" Lisa hissed toward Kenny. 

I felt for Lisa, as she was clearly intimidated by Angela, much like I would likely be feeling later if this night went as planned. Angela walked into the water and glided toward us effortlessly.

"Oooh that feels good" Angela said as she joined us, putting her arm over my shoulder. "How you guys like it in here?"

They murmured that it was great and they were having a lot of fun. Lisa had been trying to climb on Kenny's lap, this despite the fact that he was standing along the wall and not really doing much to cooperate with the effort. I saw Kenny's face recoil in shock as Angela slid in between Lisa and Kenny. I realized that her hand was working under the water, and by the delighted expression on Kenny's face I could tell what was going on.

"Mmmmmm, very interesting" Angela exclaimed while winking at me. "Davy, I guess he wasn't kidding around when he tell about you. Here Lisa, grab a handful."

Lisa had no idea what Angela was talking about, so Angela grabbed Lisa's hand and forced it down underwater. Kenny groaned and rose out of the water a foot, supporting himself with his elbows on the border of the pool. Apparently Angela had led Lisa to the promised land because she suddenly gasped and burst out laughing.

"Holy shit!" Lisa said as she seemed to be stroking Kenny's cock, judging by the motions she was making and his moans and squirming. Angela had now come over to me and began groping me now while Dominic treaded water, surveying the entire scene with an amused look on his face.

Things were really heating up in the pool and I wondered what was going to come next. Dominic answered that question soon enough by getting out of the pool and miking up another pitcher of pina coladas.

"Hey," Dom shouted, "why don't we have a drink and then we can get into the house and get really, you know, comfortable. It gonna be dark pretty soon anyway, and the mosquitos gonna eat us up tonight, it's so muggy."

The four of us dutifully made our way over to the steps of the pool and walked over to the patio table where Dominic was playing bartender. Dom seemed mesmerized by the sight of us coming toward him, and as we gathered around to suck down some of his frosty concoctions, I saw what he was staring at.

It seemed that as a result of first Angela's, and then Lisa's manipulation of Kenny's equipment, Kenny had developed what I guessed you might call an almost erection. His cock wasn't pointing straight up, but it sure wasn't the limp noodle he had gone into the pool with.

His cock swayed in front of him like the trunk of an elephant, and it would not be much of an exaggeration to say that it hung down almost to his knees. As you recall, Kenny's a slightly built guy, so that only made the sight even more surreal.

Lisa was looking at it with a mixture of lust and fear, Dominic was gawking at it, and even Angela was giving it the eye. Meanwhile, I stood there making every effort NOT to look, and tried to be subtle about trying to coax a little life into my member so as not to be too shamed.

Angela, as I expected, was the one to break the ice, as she came over to Lisa and put her bronze arm around Lisa's skinny pale shoulder. I immediately stopped trying to wake up my dick, as it was as excited as the rest of me was becoming. I imagined what it would be like to watch Angela go at it with Lisa, and my mind raced to try and keep up with what was going on in real time in front of me.

'Lisa, what you think about Kenny? That's some pecker he got on him, huh?" Angela asked while running her hand slowly up and down Lisa's arm. I could see Lisa shudder as Angela kept lightly stroking her. Was she excited or scared? I could not be sure about her, but as for me, now that was another story.

Everything aroused me about this scene, and I moved to hide myself as I was now as hard as a rock. Such complete opposites, each so very attractive in their own ways, and together they looked magnificent. 

Angela was just a little taller, but far more solidly built than Lisa, whose thin frame looked even more frail next to Angela. Angela's jet black hair and bronze skin were stark contrasts to Lisa's strawberry blonde hair and paler skin tone. That all combined with Angela being the aggressive forty year old and Lisa the now-meek and intimidated eighteen year old made them the most odd couple since... me and Kenny, I suppose.

We ended up going into the house, Kenny and I exchanging glances of amazement and excitement as we grabbed robes from the never-ending supply they seemed to have there. I was relieved to be able to hide my erection as we followed Angela down the hall and into the bedroom.

4. It's hotter inside

"There, this is much better, right?" Angela asked as she turned on the soft lighting and brought Lisa over next to the bed. Lisa was looking around to each of us for advice, but the three of us guys were of no help. Angela, now she had some ideas of her own.

"Let's just get rid of this thing, Lisa darling. You're so pretty." Angela whispered as she pulled off the robe that the girl had just put on. "I think I know what the boys want to see, don't you Lisa?"

I don't think Lisa knew what we wanted to see, or exactly what was going on, but she found out quick as Angela cupped Lisa's head in her hands and drew her close. When Angela's lush full lips found Lisa's quivering mouth I thought I would explode.

Lisa's eyes were wide open, and almost popped out of their sockets as Angela kissed her with a passion that I was very familiar with. I saw an entire range of emotions flash by in seconds as Lisa first looked like she was going to tear away from Angela's grasp and run. 

Lisa's eyes then began to glaze over a bit, and seconds later she was accepting the kiss, and then returning the affection. Their bodies ground into each other, and as Angela's breasts mashed into Lisa's, I let out an involuntary gasp. This was not noticed by anyone, as they were probably doing as little gasping of their own by then.

Angela kissed Lisa's collarbone and shoulders, sliding around behind her and burrowing herself into the back of Lisa's neck. Lisa was facing the rest of us as we were in a semi-circle around the two of them. Lisa was now completely out of it, her head falling backwards and her eyes rolling back in their sockets.

Angela's hands came around Lisa, sliding under her arms and cupping her breasts. Angela took Lisa's apple-sized tits into her palms, kneading them with a slow and sensous intensity. The pointy little nipples were already aroused to begin with, and this attention seemed to make them even harder.

Angela worked her way back around and was now facing Lisa, whose knees were trembling by this point. Mine were too, as Angela took Lisa's hands and brought them up to her breasts. The sight of those little freckled hands trying to lift and squeeze those huge tits almost made me lose it right then and there, and I had to turn away for a second.

"Ohhhh, that's it... so nice" Angela said softly as she looked over toward me and winked, clearly enjoying the affection as well as the effect it had on all of us. A glance toward Kenny found his cock now fully erect as he gawked at the women. Dominic was alternating between watching his wife and Lisa pawing each other and staring at Kenny's cock, which was now wildly bouncing around in front of him like a diving board.

Angela's head began rolling lazily around her shoulders, and she pulled her hair back to allow Lisa easier access to her bountiful bosom. Lisa seemed distracted by the sight of the thick tufts of black hair sprouting from under Angela's arms as she hefted those weighty globes. 
