 "I can't believe you can't come with us. It's not fair Julie we have been planning this trip for months. It's just not going to be the same without you."

"I know Sara, but what can I do? I don't have a choice. It was community service, or house arrest for the entire summer and my parents weren't about to cancel their trip to Paris, besides I didn't want to be stuck up their asses for the entire summer."

"I get that, but now you will be babysitting snot-nosed, rich brats all summer. That doesn't sound like fun."

"Watch it I spent many summers at that camp and I'm not a snot-nosed rich brat."

"You may not be a snot nose, but you wear rich brat well."

"I'll take that as a compliment. The camp isn't bad I always had fun. I bet being a counselor will be a blast. I hear Jake Dawson will be there this year."

"Where did you hear that? He hasn't been home for a summer since he went away to college."

"My parents had dinner with his parents at the country club last week and they were talking about it. I'm looking forward to seeing him again. I bet he is hot as hell. I was only 15 the last summer he was at camp and I couldn't keep my eyes off him then."

"Yeah I know, but he didn't even know you existed, or don't you remember."

"He knew I existed, but I was just a kid. In three summers I've gone up two cup sizes and no braces. I know what guys like Jake want and I'm it."

"You sound sure of yourself. I hope his girlfriend doesn't mind you throwing yourself at him."

"Meagan is history. I'm sure that is why he is coming home for the summer. I think he took the break-up kind of bad. He may need a distraction and I plan to be just that. I could have had him the last year he was at camp, but it was his first year as a counselor and he was 18 and I was only 15. He didn't want to risk getting caught." 

"What makes you think he wanted you?"

"A hard cock is the only proof I need. I was still a virgin and scared, but I'm older now and experienced. You better believe by the end of summer I will wrap my legs around Jake Dawson."

"What about Brian?"

"What about him? I mean if not for him I wouldn't be giving up a beach trip to babysit bratty campers."

"You were just as responsible as Brain. I mean you were his look-out. You may have done none of the graffiti, but you were there. That makes you guilty to Julie."

"It doesn't matter I ended things with him after court. He is cute and all, but he is boring. The sex is nothing to brag about, it had become boring to. I'm tired of faking orgasms. I want something that will rock my world. It's sad that I come harder when I masturbate than I do when Brain is fucking me. I need more and this summer I plan on getting it. I'm getting wet as fuck just thinking about it."

"That is just gross Julie."

"Don't act all innocent Sara. I've heard some of your wild tales. I will call you later I want to go have fun before my parents get home. I like to scream when I come and I'm sure my parents would have locked away if they heard me."

"You go have fun girl and call me later. If I don't answer I'm getting my brains fucked senseless. I have a hot date with Ben tonight."

"Must be nice to have a real cock. I'm leaving in the morning so I'll just call you when I get settled at camp."

"Okay girl I'll talk to you later."

I think my parents may hate me, because instead of a nice, comfy, air conditioned ride to camp from their driver I got the hot, loud camp bus. They say they're teaching me a lesson I say they're making me suffer. My make- up has sweated off, my hair is flat and I'm sure I reek of sweat. I hope I can make it to my cabin before anyone sees me, but all hope shattered when the bus came to a stop. Standing there to greet the happy little campers was none other than Jake Dawson. My heart sank to my stomach, but there was no getting off without him seeing me so I might as well suck it up and hold my head high. He was sexier than I remembered, but then it has been three years. His cut-off shorts fit snug around his sexy as hell ass not to mention his wife beater that showed off his tanned, sculpted biceps.

The shirt was just tight enough you could make out the ripples of his abs. I felt flush, but not from the humidity, but from the heat creeping into my cunt. I step off the bus making sure Jake notices me.

"Julie Thomas, is that you?"

"The one and only." I spin around so he can take in all my curves.

"You sure have grown up."

"So have you." I said with a wicked grin as I brush against the evident bulge that was bursting from his shorts. Embarrassment flares in his cheeks, but it didn't stop his eyes from roaming every inch of my body. I can't wait to feel his hands and mouth doing some roaming.

"Hey Jake are you going to keep this sexy little diva all to yourself, or are you gonna share? I mean introduce us."

"Ha, ha, funny man. Julie this is Cory and Brad friends of mine from school. We have a few more kids than we were expecting, so they came to help out."

"Hey guys nice to meet you. It's cool you gave up your summer to help out here."

They both reached to shake my hand and the magnitude of electricity was shocking. They were sexy as hell and my heart was racing. Three sexy guys equals three hard, delicious cocks. Hell yeah this will be one hot summer!!! 

I was super excited that luck was on my side. I was teamed with Jake and his two sexy friends. We have been assigned the 15- 17-year-olds which make things even better, as they need little looking after.

Things couldn't get any better; well accept if I had a rock, hard cock thrusting into my pussy. I have got unpacked and settled in with still enough left to shower and change before meeting Jake for our first big adventure of the summer. Jake was already waiting for me when I stepped outside the cabin.

"Oh hey Jake, I hope I haven't had you waiting too long."

"Nah, I just got here."

"So where is our gang of brats?"

"They wanted to go swimming, instead of hiking, so Cory and Brad took them down to the lake. I guess it's just going to be you and me that is if you're up for a hike. I'm not sure how those sandals will do."

"I left my hiking boots at home. They didn't go with any of my outfits, anyway. I'm sure I'll be fine as long as you don't let me fall."

"I got you babe. I'll take good care of you, don't worry. The trail isn't that long and there is a big surprise waiting at the end of it."

My core clenched. A big surprise, I hope it's his cock filling me up. He had been right the trail wasn't bad and the few times I slipped he caught me, but the last time he didn't let my hand go. We entered a clearing, and it was breathtaking. 

"It's a warm springs. I thought it would relax your muscles after the long bus ride."

"It's beautiful Jake."

"Not as beautiful as you Julie."

"No need for the sweet talk Jake. We both know you brought me here to fuck me, so let's just cut the small talk and get down and dirty. I've wanted you and you've wanted me and there is nothing stopping it this year."

"Wow! Is it that obvious?"

I run my tongue over my lips as my hand reaches for the prize. I drop to my knees and unsnap his shorts using my teeth I ease his zipper down, a little trick I have learned is a huge turn on. I push his shorts and boxers down and his big boy sprang to attention. He was bigger than I imagined him to be, but it was the thickness that had my pussy drooling. I wrap my hands around the shaft and bring it to my mouth. He is already oozing and my tongue slips out to taste him. I suck his mushroom tip into my mouth and lower my lips onto him. I use one hand to massage his sac. I feel my mouth being stretched the deeper I take him. His hands are digging into my flesh which just makes me hotter. I apply more suction as I glide my lips up and down him. 

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! That's it babe suck it."

I move my lips faster and harder up and down him. I can feel the tip pressing into the back of my throat. I move my lips up his cock wrapping them around the head. I twirl my tongue around the mushroom tip teasing and sucking while my hand is moving up and down his length. I feel his cock tighten as does his grip on my shoulders. I then suck him back into my mouth. I clamp my lips tighter and bob my head faster. His cock jerks and I feel his creamy liquid coating my throat as I swallow.

"Christ, Julie. I have never had my cock sucked like that before."

"I hope you have something left. I have a wet pussy in need of a good fucking. I hope you can fuck as well as I suck."

"Trust me Julie after I get through tearing that pussy up you won't want another cock."

"You talk a good game now let's see if you can play."

I think I have met my match in Jake Dawson. He picked me up and pushed me into a tree and in one swift thrust his cock was buried inside me. My breath caught as he slammed into me each thrust harder than the last. The tree against my back was rough, but the cock fucking me was worth the pain. I positioned my legs tighter around his waist pushing down on him wanting to take him as deep as I could. My pussy had never been pumped so full of cock before and I wanted more. I'm screaming and clawing his back as he drives deeper into my sloppy cunt. I feel my orgasm peak and then I'm spiraling as it crashes around me. I have never came so hard before, but Jake isn't through he is still pounding into me and I'm filled with small aftershocks quaking through my body and then another orgasm rips through me. Jake pulls me from tree and hold me tight as he pulls his cock from me. It can't be over it's too fucking good to be over, but then he leans me forward and drives into me with long, deep strokes. I tighten my walls around his cock and his hips instantly quicken their pace.

"You did it babe. Fuck yeah I'm going to shoot all up inside that hot, pussy. Oh yeah babe here it comes. Can you feel that babe? Fuuuuuckkkkk!" 

He continued thrusting and grunting until he had emptied himself into me. He then lowered us to ground and crashed on me. His cock was still buried in me, but I wasn't sure he had anything left. 

"Hey, I've wanted to ask you, what do you think of Cory and Brad?"

"They seem nice. Why do you ask?"

"They think you're hot."

"I'll let you know what I think of them after I get to know them better."

"Don't wait too long if you know what I mean."

"I know just what you mean and believe me I won't wait long at all."

I have every intention of getting to know them both very well. Jake and I took advantage of the springs and the water was amazing. I had never fucked in the water before it was a new one for me, but Jake is an amazing teacher. I think water sports are my favorite.

We got back to camp and parted ways I head to the canteen for something cold to drink. I was terribly parched after my fuck session with Jake. I noticed Cory at the soda machine, but I wasn't sure he seen me. I don't know if now would be the right time to approach him, after all I'm sure I smell of sex and sweat. I had grabbed a soda and bag of chips and was heading out when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I spun around and there stood Cory in all his sexy glory.

"Hey Cory what's up."

"We missed you and Jake at the lake today."

"We went on a nature hike. It was fun."

"I bet it was. I think you would have enjoyed the lake. I know I wouldn't mind seeing you in a bikini. Hope you don't mind me being so forward."

"That's the only way to be Cory. How would you like to see me naked?"

"Are you serious?"

"I wouldn't have asked if I weren't. Is your big gun up for some target practice?"

"My big gun has been aimed at your target since I first seen you."

"The girls are going to the amphitheater this evening, so I'll have a few free hours. Why don't you come by my cabin around seven?" 

"Sounds good I can't wait."

I smile as I walk out of the canteen. My summer is looking better and better. I've never been with more than one guy in a day. Hell truth is, Brian had only been the second guy I had sex with and I took his virginity. I guess that's why the sex had been boring. He never knew how to fuck and I was inexperienced myself. I may not have been a virgin, but my only sexual encounter had been at a party during a game of truth or dare. I should have taken the truth, because the dare sent me to the clinic with Chlamydia. Jake Dawson was number three and the absolute best fuck I've ever had. My pussy is still tingling from the great fuck he gave me. I hope Cory gives it to me as good even better. 

I lay back on my bed watching the minutes tick by, Cory is late. I have already walked the girls to the amphitheater. It's a double feature tonight so I have plenty of time to get my fill of his cock. I glance at the clock again its 7:10 and my pussy is aching to be filled. I am naked and eager for him. My mind drifts back to earlier today and how Jakes cock had annihilated me. My hands move to my breasts, my fingers pinch my nipples. I love how it feels, but it isn't enough. I slip my hand between my thighs and insert a finger into my wet opening. I moan as I insert another and then another. It feels good, but it still isn't enough. I open my eyes to grab my vibrator from the drawer to see Cory standing there. I hadn't heard him come in and he wasn't alone he had Brad with him. Excitement surged through me. Brad was sexy as hell and I wanted to fuck him as much as I did Cory. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I love an audience and Brad loves to watch."

"He doesn't have to watch he could join us."

"I don't think so Julie, at least not this time. I've been looking forward to this and I plan on fucking you inside out."

"Well since you're late you can start with licking my ass."

I have never had a tongue in my ass, but if it feels as good as a cock in my pussy I'm down for it. Cory doesn't hesitate and start to wonder if he is more than I bargained for. He takes my hand and sucks my fingers into his mouth licking my juices from them, before flipping me over and spreading my cheeks. The first touch of his tongue has me screaming in pleasure. My hands tighten on the sheets as his tongue enters my tight hole. I push back wanting him to go deeper. His hand reaches around and his finger applies pressure to my clit. I glance over at Brad he was completely naked stroking the biggest cock I have ever seen. His eyes are glazed with lust. I wanted him to fill me with that dick, but first I wanted to taste it.

"Come here Brad and let me suck that big, beautiful cock while Cory is filling my ass with his tongue."

"No, Julie I'm not here to join. I like watching it's so fucking hot. Why don't you let Cory flip you back over and eat that sweet pussy so I can get a better view?" 

Brads words were the trigger Cory needed, because in an instant he has my on my back spreading my wide. I waited for his tongue to assault me, but to my surprise he leaned down taking my mouth with his. I could taste fresh flowers on his tongue as it invaded my mouth.

I sucked his tongue loving my taste. I was so glad I had douched both holes when I showered earlier. He was squeezing my nipples hard as his mouth devoured mine. I was disappointed when he pulled away, but not for long as he moved over me into the 69 position. The smell of sweaty balls filled my nostrils making me hotter. I couldn't help myself; I inhaled his scent before taking one of his plump balls into my mouth. I never thought a sweaty man could taste so good. I whimpered as Cory sucked my clit. My hips thrusted upward as he bit my nub, sending pain shooting through me, but it was a good pain and I wanted more of it. I took his other ball into my mouth as his tongue flicked out and entered my swollen pussy. The sensation almost sent me over the edge. I needed to taste him the way he tasted me. I opened wide and took him deep loving the way it felt as it hit the back of my throat. His tongue became more insistent until I couldn't take it anymore. I sucked him harder my hands massaging his balls as he eagerly lapped my pussy. I shuddered feeling my juices squirt as my orgasm soared. I wanted to taste his load as it coated my throat, but he had other plans as he changed positions lifting my legs over his shoulders shoving his dick deep in my cunt. I screamed as he buried his cock to the hilt. Harder and harder he punished my pussy with violent thrust and I loved it. I could feel another orgasm building and I knew he was close to. I noticed Brad inching closer and wondered if brad was going to let me suck his cock after all. Cory pumped into me harder his body glistening with sweat as our bodies rocked together. Brad was stroking his cock harder as he stood over me.

"Yessssssss! Fuck I'm coming." I yelled as I was pushed over the edge

Cory joined me shooting his cum deep inside me as Brad pumped his cock one last time before spewing his jizz on my face. I open my mouth catching what I can. I felt empty when Cory pulled his spent dick from my dripping, wet cunt. The night was still young and I wasn't ready for it to be over, but it was obvious that Cory was finished with me for now as he quickly pulled his clothes on and walked out. Brad lowered his head between my thighs and quickly lapped up cum dripping from my pussy, before he got dressed.

"Fuck me Brad. I need your cock too."

Brad laughed as he walked to the door. He paused for a minute and then spoke.

"Stay eager for my cock Julie, and you just might get it real soon."

No more words were said as he opened the door and walked out into the night. They had both left me still wanting more. I begin to think something is wrong with me I should be satisfied and content, but I'm still horny and frustrated. I grab my vibrator and shove it deep into my gaping, wet hole. I close my eyes and pretend it's Brad's cock slamming into me. I'm sad he didn't fuck me, but I have vowed to have him before camp ends. I increase the speed and within seconds I'm screaming my release. I pull the vibrator from my cunt and bring it to my mouth licking the juices that ran down it. 

The next few weeks passed quickly and to my surprise I found myself enjoying camp activities, but I think my favorite activities were my private ones with Jake and Cory. I still haven't managed to break Brad, but there is still a week of camp left, so I haven't lost hope yet. I know Jake and Cory should be enough for any girl to handle, but not me I'm a special kind of girl. When the chance to fuck the archery instructor rose I gladly opened for him. It was the tennis instructor who took me by surprise, but then left me gasping on the court. I was surprised when the girls had actually enjoyed survivalist class, but then Mr. Bloom was sexy as hell. My private sessions with him give a whole new meaning to the word survival. Jake and Cory didn't know about my encounters with the instructors and I really didn't think they needed to.

I didn't belong to anyone and was free to fuck who I wanted. I had told Jake about Cory and he was fine with it as long as I was available when his cock needed attention. The last night of camp is fast approaching and my excitement continues to grow. Jake has told me he has big plans for us. My thoughts are interrupted by the buzzing of my cell. It's a text from Jake and instantly I'm aroused. He wants me to meet him for a quickie before our rafting trip down the river. I quickly drop my phone in my bag and throw my sneakers on and rush out the cabin, in a mad dash to meet Jake.

"Hey babe." Jake said as he softly kissed me.

"Hey yourself." I had made sure I put on my shortest of shorts and a halter top that formed just right around my chest. My breasts were peeking out, but only enough to tease.

"You sure are looking hot today."

"Thanks."

"Anytime babe."

Jake took my hand and we walked to what he likes to call "our place." I have this feeling that Jake wants more from me than just sex, but I hope not. I'm not sure I'm ready to commit to just one guy. It's fun being me. We had both agreed that it was only sex. It's amazing sex, but still that's all it is. I hope that somewhere along the way he hasn't caught feelings, because the only feelings I have are for his cock pounding my pussy. We get to the warm springs and Jake is the first to get naked and jump in.
