 Annie maneuvered her car through the endless traffic. Miles of bumper to bumper, blistering hot metal filled with impatient, screaming children and parents who were questioning their sanity even before they pulled out of their driveway, but carried on with their plan to go to the amusement park. What a misnomer, she thought.

Turning right and heading out of the mess, the back roads, while narrow, were still easier to drive since she was now going away from the common destination. In a resort town, its not common to get a day off as beautiful as this day. Generally someone found a reason to call off and then the phone lines started buzzing trying to find a last minute replacement. An hour ago, her phone rang and she waited for the caller to start his message on the answering machine before she picked up the receiver. It was Rich, a close friend from college, who like herself, had this glorious day off and wanted to get together. He suggested that they meet for lunch at Raiders, a private club not far from the park, but in a part of town that most tourists would quickly leave if they made the mistake of venturing there in the first place. Rich and Annie had long since been accepted members and accustomed to the protocol for entering the club. One had to be visually identified and carded through a one-way mirror before being buzzed in. This kind of security would lead one to believe that the interior would be pretty swanky, but that was not the case. It was just a 3 room bar, half a dozen tables, 3 booths and a row of bar stools in the front room, a small dance floor and "stage" flanked by another dozen tables in the second room and a small back room dominated by a pool table and a couple of tall tables. What it lacked in glamour it made up for in comfort and familiarity.

Harry buzzed Annie in and as she entered the dim room he waved her back to the second room saying, "Rich is in back, he has already ordered."

Annie smiled and noted that no one else was in the bar, "Quiet day?"

"Oh, yeah, now it is it, but then you're here pretty early, too. It'll pick up later when normal people start drinking." Harry liked to tease, but everyone knew he was appreciative of any traffic he got. The club wasn't exactly flush and he had to pick up part time jobs from time to time to keep things going.

Annie mock scowled at him and turned to join Rich. As she rounded the corner she saw him and was pleased to see his face break into a smile at the sight of her. He was handsome to begin with, but the smile kicked his attractiveness up several notches, it didn't hurt that it was directed at her, either. While Annie wasn't short by any means, Rich was taller than her by a several inches. His dark curly hair and fair features were very appealing. 

"Hey" he said as she approached, "I'm glad you were able to make it."

"Yeah, though it is a bit early to start drinking, I'm still game," she winked at him as she slipped into a chair.

"I brought along a surprise," he said.

The restroom door slammed shut at that moment and Annie turned to look in that direction. The figure heading towards them was of average height, lean and surrounded by a nimbus created by the light from the only window in the dimly lit club. A few more steps and then Annie was able to make out the facial features of Chris. Jumping up she ran to his side and hugged him.

"Christopher! It is so good to see you! What brings you to town?"

"Whoa, Annie. Good to see you, too. Didn't think I'd get a greeting like this, but I like it," he chuckled. "I'm here for the same thing most people are, a job at the park."

"Oh, tell me you're kidding. The park? What shift did they put you on?"

"I start as an afternoon bean-counter, tomorrow, so this is my last chance to celebrate before I give up my night life forever!" Chris pretended to crumple.

"And you!" Annie pointed at Rich, "how could you not tell me that Chris was going to be here?"

"And ruin the surprise? Really, the look on your face was worth keeping the secret," Rich gloated. "Though it wouldn't hurt for you to greet me that way once in a while."

"Yeah, you're right, get over here and let me thank you properly." Annie waved for Rich to join her and Chris. "You do deserve a proper hug for all the effort you've gone to."

Letting go of Chris she moved towards Rich and held out her arms. He wrapped his arms around her and they hugged each other hard, her ear against his chest, right above his heart. Oh, how she loved being held by him.

It wasn't like she hadn't made a play for Rich. They met in college during their freshman year and became good friends. They were from neighboring towns which was good enough to be the basis for a friendship, it had helped that they had a class together and were efficient study partners. Chris had been Rich's roommate in the dorm, thrown together by fate, they were fast friends in a very short period of time. The three of them became nearly inseparable and no one dared to come between them. They didn't make much time for people outside the trio and none of them were in an exclusive relationship. Though it had seemed that Annie and Rich's compatibility might extend in that direction, it never had. They shared the same philosophy of why ruin a good thing? The three of them were friends and that was fine. They were drinking buddies, too, and that had got them into a few awkward moments, like the time Annie bet Rich that she could undo his jeans using only her teeth, and won. She thought that if ever there was a moment for something to happen between them, that was it.

Despite their close ties, over summer breaks other things, namely work, chewed away at their time and with Chris living so far away, their time as a trio was rare at best. But now they were back together and had an entire afternoon and evening to catch up. Two pitchers down and no food to be had, Annie was starting to feel the effects of the beer. Harry's culinary skills left a bit to be desired, but he allowed them to order in a pizza, for the price of one slice and what was left after that had quickly disappeared between the two guys. As the afternoon wore on, they were still the only patrons and Harry pretty much left them to the own devices, as long as the beer flowed everyone was happy.

Chris was stumbling back from the restroom when he said, "Hey, there's a pool table back there. Let's play some pool." Because it didn't seem like a bad idea, Annie and Rich got up to follow him. None of them were good players sober, tipsy they were even worse, but it wasn't about the game. Hit and miss, they each took turns and laughed and drank. At one point Annie was leaning over the table, attempting a shot when Rich let out a low whistle.

"Girl, what is that on your neck?"

"Huh?" her alcohol addled mind stopped its calculations to try and figure out what Rich was talking about. "I don't know what you mean."

Rich was already moving around the table to where she was standing and brushing her hair to one side, pushed her over the table so the light would shine down on the tiniest of bruises on her neck.

"Oh, that. Don't mind it. I got together with Chuck last Friday night. We didn't do anything."

Chuck was Annie's high school boyfriend and the tryst they had on Friday night had pretty much sealed the deal in her mind that there wasn't any future for them, but it had been a fun evening of heavy breathing, groping and kissing. He went home a little worse for the experience and she had the remains of the hickey he had given her.

"Didn't do anything, really?" Rich was joking, at least she thought he was joking. "It looks like he left a mark, a rather pitiful one at that. What do you think, Chris? I could do better."

"Oh yeah, you could do better, but then, so could I."

Annie laughed, "Yes, I am sure that you two are experts."

In one fluid motion, Chris relieved her of her cue and Rich pulled her from the table into his arms. In a movement straight out of a vampire movie, he tipped her head in the opposite direction and brought his lips to her neck. His tongue made a quick lap along her neck and in answer to her shudder of anticipation, he latched on in a biting, sucking motion that made her weak in the knees. A second pair of hands held her shoulders from behind and Chris nudged in to attack her neck from the opposite side.

A low keening sound came from her throat, though, so wrapped up in the sensations that were bombarding her system, she was hardly aware of it. Sandwiched between the two men, Annie was standing only thanks to the support from her two best friends. Their mouths continued to wreak havoc on her neck and caused an obvious trembling to run the length of her body as four hands roamed freely.

Moments later Chris and Rich lifted their mouths from her neck and guided her back to the light where they compared their handiwork. Two rather large, dark ovals had appeared on either side of her neck, "You're going to have a hard time hiding these," one of them said, but Annie wasn't thinking about that. Her pulse was pounding, eyes dilated and her body cried out for more. More mouths, more touching, more everything.

Chris was closer and her hand snaked out, grabbing the front of his tee shirt, pulling him close for a long, hard kiss. Rich watched, seeing Annie in a slightly different light, perhaps for the first time. He has seen her being seductive once or twice, and had to admit the whole zipper experience was pretty hot, but that was just playing around. Here and now she was in a whole different state, aroused, and he was responding to the signals she was broadcasting in all directions.

Chris had also noticed a radical difference in the woman who was currently in his arms and kissing him hungrily. He tried to calm her sense of urgency by controlling the kiss, softening and slowing it, stroking her face and back. A Phil Collins song was playing on the jukebox as he took one of Annie's hands and led her to the dance floor. As they swayed to the music, she continued to kiss him, but it was a sweeter, lingering kiss than she had used at the pool table. Light-headed as he was, enjoying the feel of Annie's body under the light cotton dress, he was also relieved when Rich arrived on the dance floor. 

As another slow song followed the first, Rich had seen to that by feeding the jukebox several dollars, his arms moved to encircle Annie from behind and he matched their steps. Soon it was the three of them moving as one. Annie, feeling his presence, broke from her kiss with Chris to lean her head back on Rich's chest. She turned to the side to allow Rich to kiss her. The kiss, tentative at first, grew sure and demanding in moments. His hands came up to cup her breasts from behind and she squirmed at his touch.

As the kiss ended Annie was clear-headed enough to evaluate the situation, she wanted both of the guys, but not here, in the club. Logistically speaking, Rich's place was the best choice, as it was closest, but he had a roommate, perhaps Rich could send him away. She wriggled seductively between the two men and turned in their arms to face Rich.

"Let's get out of here," she whispered into his ear. "We could go to your place, it's the closest and you could tell Brent to go to a movie or something."

"No problem, Brent is out of town," he grinned wickedly. He took her hand and led her away from the dance floor. She caught Chris' hand and he stumbled slightly in surprise, but followed them off the dance floor, past the table, waved to Harry and out of the bar. 

The summer sun temporarily blinded them as Rich led the way to his Rav4. For now Annie's Bug would just have to stay put. Rich got in behind the wheel while Annie and Chris crawled in the back seat. For the 15 minutes or so it would take to get to Rich's Annie was planning on having some fun. Tenderly, she kissed Chris and ran her fingers over his chest and across his stomach, working to untuck his shirt from his jeans so she could connect with his bare flesh. Pushing his shirt up, she bent her head to one of his nipples, licking it, then softly blowing on it, enjoying his deep intake of breath at the sensation. He cupped her head as she continued to kiss and nibble her way around his chest, her left hand holding his shirt up, the other casually resting on the front of his jeans, one finger tracing light, lazy circles above his hardening cock.

"How you two doing back there?" Rich asked viewing the show in his rear view mirror. Annie was too busy to respond and Chris was too engaged in her efforts and trying to look like he was doing anything other that what he was, gave a thumbs up.

Annie's right hand had stopped drawing and started working the button and zipper of Chris' jeans. The close confines of the vehicle made things even more challenging and she had to devote both hands and all of her attention to the task. Moments later her efforts were rewarded and he was freed from his cottony cocoon. She took a brief moment to admire him, before wrapping her lips around the head of his cock, slowly sucking him into her warm, wet mouth. His cock was slightly wider than was comfortable for this position, but she was determined. Above her, his sigh was like music to her ears.

Rich cursed from the front seat, "You two are so distracting!" He took a turn faster than he should have. "We've got a bit of traffic, but should be at the apartment in a couple of minutes."

"Take your time," Chris suggested as he thrust into Annie's mouth, "I don't want to rush this." He gasped as Annie's teeth gently raked across the sensitive head before taking him back into her throat. Annie picked up her pace to match the changing of Chris' rhythm, and one hand reached down to cup his balls and gently roll them in her palm. They contracted lightly and she redoubled her efforts. His thrusts were becoming stronger and they caused the small SUV to bounce erratically down the road, though he no longer cared if anyone knew he was getting the blowjob of his life. One, two, three more thrusts and he was filling Annie's mouth with a load of warm cum, announcing his orgasm with a low growl.

"Don't get anything on the upholstery back there," Rich warned.

Gasping Chris responded, "Don't worry about that, man, she took it all."

Seconds later the car screeched into a parking space in front of Rich's building. Rocking to a stop. he turned in the seat to see Annie, daintily dabbing at the corners of her mouth, grinning like a cat over a bowl of cream. She assisted Chris in getting his face and garments right for the walk to the door. Luckily, none of the neighbors were out as they made the dash to the apartment.

"I hope that you are up for another one, because listening to the two of you has got me more than ready," Rich said as he fumbled for his house key. He opened the door and grabbed her hand, dragging her into the cool darkness, Chris followed, locking the door behind him.

They made it as far as the sofa before he caught her in his arms, and kissing her, pushed her to sit down on the edge. Deftly he unzipped his fly and dropped his jeans, followed by his boxers, which she briefly noted were straining over his erection. No time for preliminaries, she barely had a moment to view him, before he was pressing her lips open and sliding as far in as he could. His length was greater and caused her to gag slightly as she adjusted to take in as much as she could. His arousal from the car ride had already caused a small amount of pre-cum to accumulate. She moved her hands around to cup Rich's ass as his thrusts intensified and it wasn't long before he announced his impending release.

"Here it is, honey," he thrust one last time. As his body convulsed above her, Annie wrapped her arms around his waist and supported him, his hands cradling her head against him. As he regained himself, she guided him to the sofa beside her and started giggling.

Chris, sitting in a chair across the room looked at her quizzically, "What's up with you?"

"I was just thinking about how long I have wanted this. Its better than I dared to fantasize, but now I think its time that I got a little attention from at least one of you." She looked pointedly at Chris who had been stroking himself while watching Rich and Annie.

She kicked off her sandals and stood up. Walking towards Chris, she offered her hand, he stood and took it. Over her shoulder, she addressed Rich, "We'll be in your bed, when you are ready to join us."

In Rich's room, Chris took her in his arms and kissed her gently, she responded in kind, the urgency from earlier somewhat subsided, but not entirely. He held her back and looked again at the marks they left on her neck earlier and asked, "This doesn't bother you?"

"No, they'll be a bit difficult to hide, but while the two of you were latched on to my neck it nearly drove me out of my mind. It was so hot, feeling your mouths and teeth on my flesh," she shuddered at the thought. "Any chance I could interest you in using your mouth some more?"

She reached behind her to unzip the bodice of her dress, then hunching her shoulders forward, allowed the dress to slip off to her waist, exposing her pale pink bra. His hands moved to cup her breasts, the thumbs slipping back and forth across the silky material, causing her nipples to harden.

"Ahhh, kiss me while you do that, dear." She shimmied her hips and the dress made the rest of its way to the floor as she moved into his arms. As their lips met again, he deftly unhooked her bra with one hand, and with the other, disposed of it over his shoulder. Still kissing, her walked her backwards towards the bed until her legs touched the bedspread.

"Get on up there and let me do what I've been waiting to do since we got out of the car," he commanded.

She sat on the bed and scooted her way into the middle, never taking her eyes off him as he disrobed. Over his shoulder she saw Rich standing in the doorway. Chris started moving towards her, reaching for her hips and the panties that still stood between him and his goal. He could see that the silky material was dark with her juices. He buried his nose in them and then licked her through the material. Annie shuddered in response. Hooking his thumbs in the waist band he yanked them from her body and tossed them in the general direction of her bra.

Annie propped herself up on her elbows and watched Chris' eyes as he kissed his way up the inside of each leg, his eyes locked on hers, watching her reaction, showing her his hunger. Knowing that he would be watching her as he kissed her nether lips made her all the more excited, and her juices started flowing freely. He was taking his time, driving her mad with desire and small trembles ran up and down her legs in anticipation.

"Chris, you are killing me," she groaned and closed her eyes.

"Look at me. Now!" he demanded.

As she opened her eyes his tongue made a wide wet pass over her folds, dipping between her lips.

"Ohhh," she hissed between clenched teeth.

Chris smiled wickedly at her reaction as Rich came to the side of the bed.

"Mind if I join in?"

Chris waved in the direction of her chest and said, "Her tits need some attention." As an after thought he added, "She likes teeth."

Annie shuddered even more at the thought of Rich's teeth on her breasts, knowing that he was the more reckless of the two of men, she was sure that more marks would be cataloged before the night was over.

The men set to their tasks driving her mercilessly from one orgasm to the next, trading places in their enjoyment of her body. Relishing the screams of pleasure they drew from her hoarse throat. Finally, as she lay panting they let up on her and each crawled up to lay on either side of her. She was not immune to the feel of two erect cocks poking into each thigh.

Brushing a damp strand of hair from her forehead, Chris asked, "How are you doing?"
