 Author's Note - This is my first story to be published in parts. The current plan is to publish it in 4 parts, although that might change along the way. As always, interested in any feedback.

"Wow," I began. "I can't believe that we're actually having this conversation," addressing Anna across the restaurant table, "I'm a bit nervous, are you sure we want to go through with this?"

Anna smiled shyly, but the gleam in her eye was unmistakable. "I'm certainly game if you are."

I nodded nervously and took another sip of my wine. We'd gone through a full bottle with dinner, and I was finishing my last glass in lieu of dessert. "Well, I'm sure that I'm game. And with the right persuasion, I'm guessing he will be too."

"So, your husband really has no idea that you're planning this?"

I shook my head, grinning mischievously.

Lifting her glass to mine, with a small clink we both finished our drinks. We were grinning like two teenagers thinking about how the rest of the evening might unfold.

The waiter took our order for a couple of espressos, and we really got down to business.

"OK, so the first thing is, we need a code word of some sort in case we need to abort before things get too far along." Anna looked at me quizzically, "You see, we've talked about threesomes a number of times before, but he seems to be honestly only marginally interested."

"Yeah, right." was Anna's amused response, "He's a man isn't he?"

I understood her point entirely. This was a situation that was seemingly reversed -- I was keen on inviting another woman into our bed, and he was lukewarm to the idea. The first dozen times this came up in conversation I assumed he was just playing down the idea so as not to seem TOO interested, but over time I'd come to realize that it was a take-it-or-leave-it thing for him. 

I think that part of it was insecurity about performing for two women at once (why, I have no idea! The man was as skilled as they come between the sheets). But I think the bigger part was that he genuinely loved me and wasn't comfortable with having sex with another woman, with or without my permission.

I told Anna as much and her opinion seemed to soften. "OK, sure, if you feel like he's truly not interested, we can have a code word......how about 'Merlot'?" she said looking at the empty wine glasses.

"Perfect," I said, "Now, we need to have a few ground rules."

"Sure, I guess that makes sense," Anna replied. She had never done this before either, so we were both in uncharted waters, which made it all the more exciting. I'd known Anna for years, and had known her to have relationships with both men and women during that time. Honestly, I simply assumed that she would have experience with both at the same time, but I'd discovered over appetizers earlier that she'd never done a threesome either. After hearing my suggestion for tonight, she was very eager to close that gap in her sexual repertoire.

"So," I said, "what are your no-go items?"

"Wow, ok, ummm....." Anna replied, obviously not thinking that I would feel the need to get so prescriptive in advance. I wasn't normally one who was big on advance planning, but given the potential for this experiment to go sideways, I made an exception.

"OK, let me go first," I said while she was thinking.

"First of all," I continued, "I'm good with pretty much anything that you want to do to him." Which was very true. "Ever since this idea came up, I've been dying to see his cock in your mouth and pussy. In fact, both of those are must-do items."

"I'm definitely good with that!" she replied.

"The only thing I can think of that's off limits," I added, "is that I don't want him to go down on you."

She looked at me with a sideways glance, "So, he can fuck me......but he can't lick my pussy?"

"I know, it sounds weird, but his pussy-eating is just for me." It sounded odd to say it, but there was something about him performing oral sex on me that was just too intimate. I wanted us to fuck another woman, but that level of intimacy was a bit too far. Call me a prude.

"OK," Anna said. "But just to be clear -- I love to have my pussy eaten, so if HE isn't going to do it, you'd better develop some serious skills in a big hurry."

Blushing, I nodded. That had also been on my mind for days, and although nervous, I was confident that I was up to the task.

"Anything else on your no-go list?" Anna asked.

"Not that I can think of," I admitted. "I mean, it's not like we're going to have whips and chains involved or anything like that."

"Maybe next time?" she asked, her face dead serious.

I looked her in the eye for a second before she broke out in uproarious laughter and I joined her a moment later.

"How about you," I asked again, "Anything off limits?"

"Well, I suppose that anal is a no-go for me," she said, "I mean, I've done it a couple of times with guys I've dated for a long time, but I'm not really a fan."

That disappointed me only a little bit. I liked anal more than I ever expected I would, but given that I was envisioning a lot of cock sharing tonight, anal wasn't something on the menu. "No problem," I said. "I love anal personally, but let's keep that for another time, along with the whips and handcuffs."

We both smiled again as we sipped at our espressos.

"Anything else?"

"Well," she started, nervously, "I don't like cum on my face." she said sheepishly, staring at her coffee.

"Really? God, I love the feeling of hot cum on any and all parts of my body." I explained, perhaps a little too enthusiastically, "But, fine, no problem." Secretly I was glad that Anna had at least a couple of things that were off-limits in this exercise. It made me feel like we were both nervously experimenting together. I almost couldn't wait to get home and add my husband to the conversation.

After another moment, I thought, "Hang on -- are you ok with him cumming in your mouth?"

"Oh hell yes, definitely."

"Interesting." I pondered out loud, "I've never been a fan of the taste. Maybe that's why I'm such a fan of his cum on my body instead?" taking another sip of espresso, I concluded, "It sounds like our preferences are quite .... complimentary."

Again, we shared a smile and a small nervous giggle.

Crossing my legs under the table, I could have sworn the entire restaurant could hear the wetness between my legs rubbing against my underwear as I did so. I'd been somewhat horny all day long thinking about how this night might go. Now that it was really going to happen and we were ready to go home and surprise my husband, the thought of it all was driving me into a lusty frenzy. The way Anna was looking at me now, she obviously knew the state I was in.

"Check please!"

Before leaving the restaurant, I sent a text message -- "Hi honey, dinner with Anna went quicker than planned, and we're thinking of coming back to our place."

Moments later -- "Hi love! Sure, sounds great. Don't know Anna that well, but she seems like fun. I'll make us all cocktails when you get here and we can hang out on the deck"

I gave him a thumbs-up emoji and we were ready to go.

Stepping out of the restaurant into a hot summer evening, I revelled in the warmth. The restaurant had the air conditioning up a bit more than my short-and-sexy dress was planning on, so the evening heat was good. The hot evening sinking into my bare legs warmed my outside to match the heat inside. 

Enjoying the weather, I was looking up the street for a cab when I felt a pull on my arm.

The next thing I knew, Anna had grabbed my arm, pulled me toward her and was giving me a firm, open-mouth kiss that caught me completely off guard. The combination of her soft lips, her forcefulness and the fact that I'd never been kissed by another woman sent my head spinning. Forgetting the taxi for a moment, instinctively, I put my hand behind her head and held her lips to mine so that my tongue could explore her lips and mouth. She tasted.....different. Sure, the primary taste was the espresso we had just finished, but she also had a feminine? taste that was very different from my husband, or any man that I'd kissed before.

After what seemed like a minute of open-mouth kissing on the sidewalk, Anna broke off the kiss, with a "Down girl." comment that again set us both to laughing. Now, I REALLY could not wait to get home and get this evening started in earnest!

Hailing a cab, we jumped in the back, holding hands and occasionally kissing during the excruciatingly long 10 minute ride back to our house. Somewhere amidst the fog of lust that was threatening to consume me was the realization that I still needed to convince my husband to go through with this. I was anticipating some hesitation, but I really had no idea how he would react.

Kissing Anna again, I couldn't wait to find out.