 Kim was enjoying her summer break. She was working part time as a cashier at a grocery store, earning money for college. She was enjoying the freedom of being “in between” boyfriends, and enjoying going to clubs and casually dating a few different guys. 

She made several friends at the grocery store, including Dylan and Jon, two stock clerks who worked in the back of the store. They were both friends who had graduated from the same high school that spring. Kim went to clubs with them sometimes and really enjoyed their company. They were always joking and laughing, and Kim really appreciated their easy manner and great sense of humor. When Jon invited her to join them on a camping trip to the Florida Keys over the weekend, she readily accepted.

Jon was tall and thin, with blondish brown hair and long sideburns. He had a strong chin, blue-green eyes and an aquiline nose. Dylan was shorter, but also skinny and also had dirty blond hair. His skin was olive in color and his pale blue eyes were piercing. 

They drove down of the Keys together in Dylan’s old van and found a campsite on a quiet beach they were going to rent. After arrangements were made, they spent the afternoon shopping for provisions at a food store. 

Late in the afternoon, they rented a motorboat to cruise around the ocean in. The boys stripped off their t-shirts and Kim put on her bikini for the boat trip. The sun still high in the sky and burning brightly, the Florida heat warmed them as they cruised in the boat, sipping Coronas and enjoying the ocean spray that every so often misted over them as they hit a wave. As the sun faded late in the day, they anchored the boat and jumped in the sea for a swim. 

After the swim, they pulled anchor and headed back for shore. Kim was feeling great, the sun had deepened her tan, and the beer was making her feel light and happy. She liked the sight of the tanned trim bodies of Dylan and Jon, both good-looking guys with their perfect white teeth and blondish-brown hair. She liked being the only female in their company, and not having to compete for attention. She noticed both had stolen many glances at her figure in her bikini, and liked the idea of them appreciating her charms. She had worked hard to maintain her weight and figure, and liked the way her bikini fit her. 

She also noticed how easily they all laughed and joked together, and how she had frequently touched or been touched by the boys during the afternoon. She enjoyed the flirting and the feel when Dylan or Jon would reach for something on the boat, and have to come into contact with her – a hand on the waist, on a shoulder or on the small of her back. And when they swam, they had flirted together in the water, diving between each other’s legs playfully, feeling the skin graze against skin. 

Later, they set up their large tent they had brought along on the beach, and Dylan got a fire going with some driftwood. The night was warm, and Kim stayed in her bathing suit, although she had put on a pair of cut-offs. The boys stayed in their shorts and stayed topless, their bare, tanned chests glowing in the firelight. 

They roasted hot dogs and popped corn, drinking more Coronas and talking about the day and their plans for tomorrow. Kim watched the flickering light from the fire glow off the tanned bodies of Dylan and Jon, knowing that her own body was equally tanned and attractive. 

As they talked, the boys kept directing the conversation to sex and laughing, which made Kim slightly uncomfortable at first, but then she decided to just go along with it. The beer was making her feel good, and she liked all the attention these boys were directing her way. Before long, they were all discussing their various conquests and experiences. 

Jon and Dylan were very interested to hear about her sexual experiences, and even though they had been limited, she embellished them to their approval, and found herself enjoying telling the stories, and even making some up. She noticed after awhile that she was getting wet with all the sex talk and feeling a bit horny. She figured the boys were getting a bit excited by the talk as well. But she felt very comfortable with them, feeling that they were all friends and that the boys were so respectful that she was safe and could have fun. 

Occasionally, she would see Dylan or Jon push his palm quickly against the crotch of his shorts, trying to be unseen in the darkness, as if adjusting an erection. At one point, she thought she could see a definite bulge in Jon’s shorts. Rather than feel uncomfortable with this, it kind of excited her and made her feel powerful. 

She noticed them stealing more glances at her breasts and legs and belly, and that as they talked, Jon or Dylan would make strong, lingering eye contact. She felt a sense of excitement slowly build in her tummy and it was a good feeling. She let the beer relax her and allowed herself to joke and talk freely with them. As the night wore on, they got drunker and sillier.

After awhile, Dylan proposed a game they could all play. “Such as?” Kim wanted to know, laughing. “Strip poker!” Both boys excitedly sat up, and Jon agreed that it was a capital idea. Kim, however, was staunchly against it. There was no way she was going to bare all. With all the sex talk, she wasn’t surprised that this was where they were headed, but she wasn’t about to play along. 

She was feeling pretty tipsy and having a good time, but she didn’t want things to get out of hand, even if she was feeling horny as hell. They pleaded and begged, but she continued to resist. Inside, she was feeling excited by the conversation, and even the idea of playing strip poker, and all those feelings had been building as a result of Jon and Dylan’s increasingly penetrating looks at her breasts, belly and legs. But she sure wasn’t ready for strip poker. 

“If you two want to play, go right ahead. But I’m not playing,” Kim said truculently.

She was surprised when Dylan agreed. “Okay, we’ll play. And if you lose, you can decide then and there whether you want to take something off or pass.”

“What do you mean?” Kim asked, not believing they would actually go through with it.

“If it’s your turn to strip, you can simply say pass…and we’ll move on. But we’ve got to strip no matter what,” Dylan explained. “So, you’ve got nothing to lose.”

This rule seemed like a good deal for her, Kim thought. She would simply pass when it came to her turn to take something off. She could lose her tennis shoes or even her shorts, but that would be as far as she would go. If they wanted to get naked, well now, she wouldn’t mind seeing that.

They all agreed to the rules and started playing. They all lost a round or two, and Jon and Dylan were soon barefoot and in boxers. Kim lost one tennis shoe, then another, and was soon shedding her shorts. Sitting in her bikini, she knew that was as far as she would go. And Jon and Dylan had already seen her in her bikini on the boat, but that didn’t stop them from making a big commotion when she had to take her shorts off. 

Jon lost the next crucial round, and had to lose his boxers. He made a big show of being embarrassed, and threatened not to take them off. But then, to Kim’s surprise, he pulled them down and off, first revealing his ass, and then turning around to give her a glimpse of his cock, which was long and hard. 

He seemed a bit shy, and they all laughed, and Kim couldn’t help but stare as his erection when he finally turned around. It seemed so thick and beautiful against his tanned body. He sat back down, his swollen cock bobbing in his lap in Kim’s plain view. Kim just shook her head, and said, “I can’t believe you guys.” But inside she was feeling very horny and knew that her pussy was sopping wet in her bikini bottoms.

Kim lost the next round and passed, with a few minor vocal objections from the boys. Next, Dylan lost, and once again, with great fanfare, off came the boxers. His cock was hard as well, and seemed to Kim even slightly larger than Jon’s. She watched as he quickly put his right hand around the shaft of his cock once and gave it a little pump before sitting down again. She felt a quiver run through her pussy as she saw him stroke himself like that, however briefly. 

As she took another sip of her Corona, Kim marveled at the developments and couldn’t believe she was sitting around a campfire with two hot-looking, and completely naked men, with rock-hard cocks. 

Jon lost the next round, and Dylan introduced a new set of rules. Since he was already completely naked, his punishment for losing would be decided by the winner of the hand. And since he couldn’t remove an item of clothing, the punishment would be an action directed by the winner. Since Dylan won the hand, he made Jon stand up in front of them with his hands behind his back and his legs spread so they could get a good long look at his cock. Winking at Kim, Dylan said Jon would have to maintain this position for one minute. 

As Dylan timed him with his watch, Jon complied, and Kim got a real eyeful of Jon’s swollen cock, just a few feet from her staring eyes. She laughed and turned crimson, and pretended to shield her eyes. But as Jon stood before them, Kim looked at the head of his cock with it’s little pee-slit, the long shaft with a vein underneath it, his balls with the hair growing on them. She squirmed in her seat and imagined herself sucking on his swollen erection and what it would be like. After a minute was up, Jon sat back down and the game resumed. Kim felt herself getting more and more aroused as they played.

Kim lost the next round, and tried to pass. But the boys protested, and finally she agreed to stand before them and pose in her bikini. Dylan instructed her to turn around and face the fire, and push out her rear at them. Again she blushed, but decided to go along with it. As she did so, she got a wicked idea, and pulled the material of her bikini bottoms together tight against her ass, creating a thong effect. She knew she had a nice ass, and they would appreciate seeing it. Jon and Dylan whooped their approval as she did this, and when she looked over her shoulder she noticed both were stroking their rock-hard cocks as they stared at her ass. 

Kim was so turned on by the effect she was having on the boys, and liked the idea of them lusting after her like this. But she got nervous again, and quickly fixed her bikini bottoms and sat back down.

The next round, Jon lost again, and this time Kim was the winner. She thought for a moment, but didn’t know what the punishment should be. Dylan coached her: “Anything you want…what would you like to see?” She knew what she wanted to see, but was embarrassed to say it. After much prodding, she finally turned red and giggled, “I want to see you stroke it.”

“Excellent idea,” Dylan said. He looked over at Jon. “For one minute, you have to jerk off.” He had Jon stand up before them again, his cock bobbing in front of them, red and swollen. Kim thought she saw that the slit of his penis was shiny and a bit wet. Obviously embarrassed but also turned on, Jon started to seductively stroke himself, giving them a show. 

Kim laughed and watched transfixed as Jon grabbed his swollen member and slid his hand slowly from the head of his penis, down the shaft to the base. Jon faked a moan as he gyrated his hips and stroked himself. “You need some lubrication!” Dylan said, laughing, and poured a little liquid from his open Corona on the top of Jon’s cock. The liquid dribbled down Jon’s cock, and he massaged the beer in with his hand. 

The beer trickled off the end of Jon’s balls in droplets, and Kim suppressed a moan from her lips as she watched. God, she thought to herself, this is unbelievable.

The next round Kim lost, and Jon was finally the winner. She stood up again, getting more into the game, and getting more caught up in the excitement. Dylan and Jon seemed so uninhibited, and she felt so turned on herself. Jon said she would have to flash them her breasts for one minute. 

Immediately, she refused and giggled, but they implored her to play the game. They reminded her that they had gone well beyond stripping already. After much pleading, Kim finally agreed, but only one breast and only for 30 seconds. The boys were ecstatic. 

Kim stood up, nervous and excited at the same time. She was very aware of their eyes on her. She took a deep breath, turned crimson and finally slipped one cup from her left breast. Jon and Dylan voiced their encouragement as they stared at her bare breast. She knew her nipple was hard, and secretly felt intensely aroused that they were seeing her and wanting her. Again, the boys slowly stroked their cocks as they watched her. She watched them stroke themselves unabashedly as she stood there, and the 30 seconds ended very quickly. 

Kim quickly replaced her bikini top and sat back down, not believing she had actually gone through with it. The next round Kim lost again, and Dylan was the winner. His request: The whole bikini top, both breasts, and for one whole minute. Kim protested weakly, but by now she was really enjoying this. So she agreed, and took off her top completely this time. The boys stared and stroked themselves. 

She knew that Dylan was cheating on the time, and said so, but deep down she really didn’t mind that she actually stood there for two whole minutes. Jon asked her to squeeze her nipples for them, and she refused, but after awhile, as they stroked their cocks, she allowed her right hand to rise, and with her fingertips lightly squeezed her left nipple for them. It was so hard and swollen. Her pussy throbbed and she longed to rub herself.

The next hand, Kim won, and she was looking forward to getting her revenge. Dylan was the low hand, so she was able to direct the punishment on him. Feeling wicked, she thought of something she would really like to see. Taking her open bottle of beer, she directed Jon to stand up. He did so, facing them, his cock swollen and bobbing in front of him. 

Standing beside him, she slowly poured her beer down his smooth tanned chest and over his belly. For good measure, she poured the beer over the tip of his cock and the liquid ran down his shaft and dripped off his balls.

“Now,” she said, pointing to Dylan, “you have to lick off the beer for one minute while I watch.”

Dylan protested about doing homo-acts, but he was so drunk he got up and stood next to Jon nonetheless. As Kim took the watch and monitored the slowly moving second hand, Dylan starting licking the beer off of Jon’s tanned chest. As a joke, he licked Jon’s nipples with much fanfare, and even sucked them into his mouth the best he could. 

As Kim watched and hooted her approval, Dylan descended down Jon’s chest to his belly. Kim laughed and clapped, and Dylan waggled his bare ass for her as he licked slowly down Jon’s belly. And then to Kim’s amazement, Dylan began to lick the beer from Jon’s erect penis. Dylan took Jon’s erection in his hand, and started licking up and down the shaft. Kim couldn’t believe she was witnessing this, and felt so aroused at seeing Dylan licking Jon’s hard cock she moaned out loud. 

Then, he opened his mouth and took Jon’s entire penis in his mouth, sucking in and out a few times. Kim never thought Dylan would go this far and felt herself getting extremely aroused from the sight of Dylan sucking Jon’s cock. She watched Jon’s face as he was obviously feeling pleasure and even moaning a little. After about 3 minutes, Kim told Dylan that his minute was up, even though secretly she didn’t want him to stop.

They sat down and played again. Kim lost this time and Dylan won. Kim was nervous but actually looking forward to the next round and what Dylan would make her do. She knew things were getting out of hand, but she was feeling so horny that she didn’t care. She didn’t dare think where all this might eventually lead. But she knew she wanted to cum so bad. 

Dylan said Kim would have to push down her bikini bottoms and show them her pussy. She reddened and refused, feeling insecure about them seeing her sex. Finally, she agreed to flash them her ass, this time without the thong effect. They agreed and Kim complied for the full minute. She arched her back toward them, showing them her hard ass, knowing that they were stroking their cocks as they watched her. She even parted her legs slighting for them, knowing they would be trying to see her pussy. When she lost the next round, she had to finally show them her pussy. 

As she stood before them, she blushed, hooking her thumbs along the wiastband of her bikini bottoms. Slowly, she slid her bottoms down toward her thighs, until her shaven sex was visible to their eyes. She watched their faces as they stroked their hard cocks, and knew their eyes were glued to the cleft of her shaven pussy. Her bikini bottoms around her knees, they stared and stroked their cocks, their eyes filled with lust. Kim felt a drop of wetness from her sex slowly leak down her left leg, trickle to her kneecap and hoped they couldn’t see it.

The next round Jon lost again, and Dylan was the winner. He said Jon had to get on his knees and lick Kim’s belly for a full minute. Kim didn’t see how this was a punishment for the loser, but complied, giggling. She poured some beer over her belly for Jon to lick off, and felt the top of her bikini bottoms get wet with the beer. 

Jon kneeled before her, and licked her belly seductively, concentrating on her belly button. When he drifted to far down and tried to slide his tongue under the waistband of her bikini bottoms, she laughed and pushed him away. As punishment for cheating, Dylan told Jon he would have to lick Kim’s ass cheeks for a minute. Dylan made Kim turn around and pull her bikini bottoms once again into a thong. She soon felt Jon’s wet tongue lapping at the sides of her buttocks and then the exposed portion of her ass cheeks. The feeling of his wet tongue was driving her crazy, and the knowledge that Dylan was watching made her drip with excitement. She wished she could turn around and feel Jon’s tongue on her sex, but the 60 seconds passed quickly.

The next round Kim lost again. This time Dylan said she would have to kneel between Jon and Dylan as they stood before her, and take each of their cocks in one of her hands, and stroke their cocks simultaneously for 60 seconds. She protested again, but secretly really wanted to touch their cocks. Again, she made them beg her, and then finally she agreed.

The idea of getting her hands around both their hard cocks was thrilling. They each stood up before her and she kneeled between them. She grabbed hold of each boy’s cock and started stroking them slowly as she had watched them do to themselves. She was aware that they could easily look down her front at the exposed halves of her breasts and she liked that. Their cocks were warm and soft, and Jon’s still smelled not unpleasantly of beer.

As she kneeled, and with her hands in service, Dylan leaned over and slipped his hand into the cup of the left side of her bikini top and squeezed her breast. She cried out and pulled back, laughing. “Hey, no touching!” She resumed stroking, and both boys did a lot of exaggerated moaning and gyrating of their hips to encourage her. “Oh, yeah, baby stroke my cock, that feels so good,” Dylan said…Soon the minute was up and time to return to the cards.

They played another round of cards. They were all so horny and excited, that they stopped playing poker, and just turned over cards, with the high card being the winner. 

Kim won again, and this time she said she wanted to see Jon suck Dylan’s cock for one minute. As she held the watch, Dylan laid back on his sleeping bag with his erection pointed toward the sky. Jon got between his spread knees and started licking the head of Dylan’s cock. Kim was so aroused watching Jon’s wet tongue, lick Dylan’s swollen mushroom head and up and down his hard shaft. Then, Jon open his mouth wide, and took Dylan’s erection into his mouth. As Jon sucked, Dylan arched his back and moved his hips to meet Jon’s mouth, sliding in and out slowly and seductively. 
