 I wanted to take this opportunity to thank the many people who have read my stories and have commented on them. Most of the comments were very positive and a few weren't so positive. All I can say is that it's hard to satisfy everybody. I have received consistently high rankings and for that I'm grateful. 

This story is the sixth of the Jane and Tony stories. I hadn't intended to write a whole series of them in the beginning, thus the non-linear titles. They should, however, be read in order starting with Thanksgiving, Christmas, Spring Break, Study Break and Summer Break Chapter 1. I will probably write a few more with these characters as long as I can keep things fairly fresh. This story is quite long as it covers several weeks. Find a comfortable place to sit and read it.

I would also like to apologize for the occasional mistake that crops up. No matter how many times I review the stories before I publish them I will find an errors once they are published. Oh, well! Thanks again for your indulgence.

The European Adventure:

The night before we were to leave for Europe with Jane's parents, we were packing for our one month trip. Our itinerary had us starting in Rome and then proceeding north by train to our ultimate destination in Stockholm, home of our friend Astrid. Jane's parents were going to travel with us as far as Paris during the first week and then Jane and I would continue towards Stockholm on the second and third weeks. We would then spend our final week in Sweden with our friend. We had only been home for a week following our road trip out West but we were excited for our trip to Europe.

Because we were going to be travelling a lot on the continent we determined that we should pack as lightly as possible. We both purchased nice travel backpacks to carry our belongings in during our travels. I packed a pair of jeans, several pairs of shorts, a few shirts and numerous t-shirts. Both Jane and I had quit wearing underwear so that freed up a lot of room. I had finished with my packing and sat watching Jane as she tried to decide what she needed for the trip.

"I think I will take 5 sundresses and a couple pairs of shorts. What do you think" Jane asked?

I replied, "That should work, though you may want to bring at least one pair of pants."

"Yeah, that's a good idea. Now the only decision left is how many toys I want to bring. I've packed the hot water bottle already so I just need to decide about vibrators and dildos."

I chuckled and replied, "I really don't think you'll need those since we will be together for the whole trip and I don't think the trains will be private enough for you to use them."

"Yeah, you're right again. I guess I'll limit myself to a couple of butt plugs for the longer train trips."

"Well, don't use one of those tomorrow on the plane! They have full body scanners at airport security and you don't want it showing up during the scan. It could make for a rather awkward moment!"

Jane frowned and said, "I hadn't thought of that. I'll just carry one in my purse just in case."

When we had finished our packing, I carried both of the packs downstairs and set them next to the front door. Neither bag was very heavy and they both had plenty of room for additional purchases during our trip. As I headed back upstairs the doorbell rang so I turned around and answered the door.

At the door was Jane's friend from school, Barbara, who was going to housesit for us while we were gone. I opened the door and greeted her, "Hi Barbara, come on in. I'll call Jane down from upstairs."

Jane came trundling down the stairs to meet her friend and gave her a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you so much for doing this for us. It's nice to know somebody will be in our house. Let me show you around."

I tagged along just in case Barbara had any questions. After the tour was done Jane gave Barbara a set of keys and a piece of paper with both our cell phone numbers. I also told her that I had arranged for a company to take care of the yardwork once a week. We sat in the living room and talked for a while as Barbara was interested in where we were going. We spelled out our itinerary and she told us some useful information regarding Rome and Paris having been there a few years ago.

Barbara was a very pretty woman and I could see Jane getting that predatory look in her eyes as she checked Barbara out while she talked. I could almost hear the cogs turning in Jane's brain as she worked out how to get Barbara to stay with us tonight. But then Barbara took care of that problem by asking, "Would it be alright if I slept here tonight? I have my stuff out in my car because I have surrendered my room already."

Jane's eyes brightened and said, "No problem! I was hoping you'd spend the night so we could get to know you better before we left tomorrow. Tony will help you get your stuff and I'll get the guest room ready."

I walked out with Barbara to her car and grabbed a couple of suitcases. When we had everything, she locked her car and said, "Thank you so much for letting me stay here. Jane is so sweet and she talks about you all of the time. It's a pleasure to get to know you finally."

I smiled and said, "Well, you're doing us a huge favor by staying here. Let's get your things inside."

We carted Barbara's things up to the guest room. Jane had opened the windows to get some fresh air into the room as it felt a bit stuffy. Jane called out to us to meet her in our bedroom so Barbara and I went to see what Jane wanted.

"Why don't we talk in here for a while, Barbara you can just lie down here on the bed next to me. Tony, why don't you go downstairs and lock up and turn off the lights" Jane asked?

I wandered downstairs, locked the doors, turned off the lights and then headed back upstairs. I kicked off my shoes and jumped up on the bed with the two women.

"I should probably warn you that Tony and I don't usually wear much while we're at home. Sometimes we forget we have guests so if we do that to you we apologize in advance" Jane said.

Barbara laughed and said, "I usually wear nothing at all when I'm at home, so don't worry about it."

Jane perked up and said, "Really! Because I would really like to get these clothes off! Would you mind?"

Barbara laughed and said, "Feel free, it's your house after all. Do you mind if I join you?"

"Not at all," said Jane.

Both women got off the bed and stripped off their clothes. Since all Jane had on was her shorts and shirt she was naked in about ten seconds. Barbara wasn't far behind but she had undergarments on so it took her a little while longer. When Barbara was naked, I couldn't help but admire her body. As I said before she was quite pretty with lovely brown hair that hung down to her shoulders, dark brown eyes and a darkish complexion. Her breasts were large perfect cones with no sag and were capped with gorgeous pink areolae and hard nipples. They moved seductively with a nice jiggle as she moved. Her stomach was flat and well-toned with just a hint of her abdominal muscles showing. She had long muscular legs and her pubic hair was trimmed very short just above her vulva and shaved all around it. When she turned, and bent over to pick up her shorts I couldn't help but gaze at her ass, it was a work of art!

Both women stood and stared at one another for several minutes until Jane said, "My god, Barbara, you are absolutely luscious! You must work out a lot, your tummy is fantastic! I'm not one for working out as you can probably tell."

Barbara said, "Jane, you have nothing to be ashamed of because you are incredibly beautiful! You are absolutely perfect!"

They both got back on the bed and we began talking again until Jane said, "Tony, aren't you going to strip?"

I replied, "I would like to but with the two of you being so gorgeous I'm afraid I got a little excited. I didn't want to upset our guest."

Barbara laughed and said, "Well, that is very considerate and is quite a compliment. However, I wouldn't mind seeing you naked since it has been six months since I last saw a naked man and that was my roommate's boyfriend whom I caught in the bathroom by accident."

"Come on Tony, help the girl out. I have to warn you Barbara he looks pretty good in the buff, that's why I try to keep him naked all of the time!"

I stood up, pulled my t-shirt over my head and then undid my shorts and let them fall to the floor. My cock was pointing straight ahead as I stood there looking at both women. "Okay, are you happy now?"

Jane laughed and said that she was and that I should get back on the bed. We began talking again about school and our trip until Jane asked, "Really! Six months since you last saw a naked man?" Barbara nodded and then Jane continued, "When was the last time you had sex, you poor thing?"

Barbara let out a rueful chuckle and said, "Probably a year and a half ago when I broke up with my last boyfriend. I've had the worst luck with dating guys. Every one of them has been an asshole who wants to get his rocks off and that's it. So, I've given up for the moment."

Jane shook her head and said, "Well that just won't do. If you would like, Barbara, you can have sex with Tony. He's a wonderful lover and I would love it if you would let us help you out."

Barbara looked at Jane with big eyes and said, "I can't do that! Tony's your boyfriend!"

Jane smiled and said, "I know he's my boyfriend and I know he loves me unconditionally. He would never cheat on me but he can have sex with women I approve of and I approve of you. Do you know Astrid?" Barbara nodded. "Well, she was in the same predicament as you are in now. She spent the weekend with us a couple of weeks before school got out. Not only did she have regular intercourse with Tony but she also had anal sex for the first time. We gave her several dozen orgasms while she was here. It was a beautiful thing and I want to share the same thing with you."

Barbara sat there on the bed with her mouth open sorting through everything Jane had told her. She made to speak a couple of times but nothing came out. Finally, Jane crawled over to Barbara took her hands in her face, looked her in the eye and said, "We don't want you to do anything you don't want to do. All I'm saying is that if you would like to, you are welcome to have sex with Tony." When Jane had stopped talking she pulled Barbara into a hug and held her there for several minutes. After a while Barbara wrapped her arms around Jane and began crying. Jane asked, "Why the tears?"

Barbara sniffled a couple of times and said, "I can't believe you would do this for me. I would love to have sex with Tony, if it's okay with Tony."

Her tears kind of got to me. It was really sweet so I said, "I would love to have sex with you Barbara. We can do whatever your heart desires."

Barbara leaned back a little and while looking at Jane she said, "You are the most giving person I have ever met. Thank you." And with that she hugged Jane again and kissed her full on the mouth. Jane just melted and began kissing her back. After several minutes, they pulled apart from one another and Barbara said, "Wow! I've never kissed another woman before. That was incredible! I'm sorry Jane." Jane smiled and pulled Barbara into another deep kiss as she began running her hands around her body.

"Barbara, that was wonderful and we will pursue that another time, but, now, you need to get laid. What's your favorite position," Jane asked?

"I like them all but how about doggy style?"

Jane smiled and said, "Perhaps we can kill two birds with one stone."

Barbara looked confused but shrugged it off. Jane then told Barbara to move over to me and to kiss me. She was a bit nervous at first but as we kissed she loosened up and started kissing me really well. After several minutes, she said she was ready and moved to the center of the bed on all fours. Jane was leaning against the headboard with her legs splayed apart playing with her pussy. I was tempted to dive into her myself but Barbara's needs came first. As Barbara got into position I crawled in behind her to lick her pussy to make sure she was ready. My tongue swiped her moist hole lapping up the dew that was dripping from her. Barbara was more than ready but I wanted to work her up into a frenzy. I licked her clit for a while and then licked back up past her hole to her anus and then back down to her clit.

"Oh, my! That feels so good!" Barbara exclaimed. "Do that some more!"

I licked back up to her anus and probed it a bit before moving back down to her pussy. I decided that it was now time to sink my cock into her vagina so I got up on my knees, positioned the head of my penis at her opening and slowly pushed into her. Barbara let out a long low moan as I sank deeper and deeper into her love nest. She was pretty tight and felt real nice as I sank all of the way into her depths.

"OH FUCK, TONY!" Barbara cried out. "THAT FEELS SO GOOD! FUCK ME NOW, PLEASE!"

I slowly began to saw in and out of Barbara's hot vagina relishing the sensations as I did. I gave a little moan because she felt so good. I then noticed that Jane had slid over a little bit and positioned her pussy right in front of Barbara's face. "You look so hot fucking Tony!" Jane said. After a few moments Jane took Barbara's head into her hands and gently pulled her face towards her sopping pussy. Needing no further encouragement, Barbara began eating Jane's pussy like a seasoned pro. Jane cried out, "MY GOD, YES! EAT ME BARBARA! EAT ME!"

I have to confess that I really like to watch it as one woman eats out another while I'm fucking. It's nice to know that everyone's desires are being taken care of. I then looked down and decided to play with Barbara's anus so I spit on her little pucker and began rubbing my thumb around it and pushing into her gently. As I did this she let out a deep moan of pleasure so I kept pushing into her.

I was beginning to feel the tell-tale signs that my orgasm was impending so I began thrusting into Barbara harder and harder. Before long she let out a loud intelligible sound as her climax hit her hard. Jane then began cumming too as she shot her ejaculate on to Barbara's face. I was a bit behind so I kept plowing into Barbara with all of my might. As I was about to cum, Barbara cried out that she was cumming again as my sperm exploded from my cock in a torrent. I filled Barbara with my spunk and then she collapsed on top of Jane with her head on Jane's belly. I collapsed on Barbara with my cock still buried in her pussy. As we all gasped for breath Jane caressed Barbara's head as Barbara uttered, "Oh, so good!"

After a few minutes, I rolled off Barbara and she rolled the other way off of Jane. Jane then got up and got behind Barbara and told her to spread her legs. Barbara did as she was told and Jane then dove into her pussy and began lapping up my deposit with gusto. Barbara began moaning as Jane sank her tongue as deeply into her as she could. After several minutes Barbara climaxed once again as she held Jane's head tightly against her. Once Jane was convinced she had all of my gooey goodness out of Barbara's pussy, she too rolled over onto her back.

We all laid there for a while until Barbara said, "Wow! I mean, wow! That truly made up for lost time! I haven't cum like that since...I can't remember the last time I came like that! If ever! I know I have never licked another woman before, but I liked it! I also liked it when Jane licked me. You two sure know how to make a girl feel welcome! Oh, one other thing...call me Barb. My mother calls me Barbara when she's mad at me!"

Jane and I laughed and we both affirmed that we would call her Barb from now on. We were all still dealing with our post-orgasmic feelings so we laid there for quite some time. Finally, Jane asked Barb, "You know, if you don't have a place to stay by the time we get back you are welcome to stay here for as long as you need. We have plenty of room and we'd love to have you stay for as long as you would like."

Barb looked at us both and got a weepy look on her face and said, "Thank you so much. You are too kind." And then she began crying again. Jane popped up and pulled Barb to her in a fierce hug and stroked her hair and whispered comforting things into her ear. After a while Barb quit crying, turned to me and said, "I'm sorry to carry on this way. You probably think I'm an idiot."

I smiled and said, "I don't think that at all. I kind of get the feeling that you have experienced some sort of trauma recently. Would you like to talk about it, we're very good listeners?"

Barb replied, "You're right about having suffered a recent trauma. My parents and my brother were killed last week in a car wreck and I've been left alone." With that she began crying again and knowing what had caused it was breaking my heart as well.

"I doubt that this will help you but, I lost my parents when I was an infant. I grew up in an orphanage until I was 18 and never knew love until I met Jane. You had 18 or 19 years of your parents love which will live in your heart forever. You will never forget them and they will give you strength when you need it most. But if you ever need comfort or need anything you can always come to Jane and myself and we will do whatever we can to help you. I'm sure Jane's parents would be willing to help you with anything you need."

Jane said, "They would, for sure. If you run into legal problems let us know. Now why don't we go downstairs and get something to eat. I'm starving!"

After we ate we headed back upstairs and decided to turn in. Barb said goodnight to us and made to go into the guest room but Jane grabbed her hand and told her she was sleeping with us tonight. We took turns in the bathroom brushing teeth and relieving ourselves before turning in. Jane insisted that Barb should sleep in the middle so that we both could be close to her. Before long we were all asleep.

I awoke in the morning with Barb still sandwiched between Jane and I. Her back was to me with her ass pressed against my groin. She felt very nice but I decided I had a lot to do before we left for the airport. I got up, relieved myself and then made coffee and began working on breakfast.

I decided it would be alright to be nude around the house after last night. After a while Barb wandered in looking a little bleary eyed but smiling.

"Good morning," I said. "Coffee?"

Barb's eyes widened and replied, "Oh, yes please."

"Did you sleep well?"

"I slept wonderfully, thanks to you and Jane!" And with that she walked over to me and kissed me deeply and hugged me hard. She felt very nice against my skin and I could feel my cock waking up due to the stimulation. Barb noticed my cock growing so she got down on her knees and took me into her mouth!

Her mouth felt so good that a low moan escaped my lips. "Oh, Barb! That feels great!" She managed to take all of me in her mouth and work her tongue around my shaft. When she had all of me in her she backed me out slowly until just my head was between her lips and then she slowly swallowed me again. She did this over and over and before I knew it I was shooting gobs of my sperm down her throat. When I had finished and had awaken from my stupor, I discovered I was holding my coffee cup as if I was going to take a drink leaning against the kitchen counter and I saw Jane standing in the doorway with a huge grin on her face.

"What a nice display to wake up to," Jane said.

I smiled and said, "Yeah, Barb was thanking me for her wonderful night's sleep."

Jane replied, "Well don't I get a thank you?"

Barb stood up, pulled Jane into a bear hug and then kissed very passionately and for a long time. When Barb broke the kiss, Jane looked a little shocked, smiled and then pulled Barb back into another long hard kiss. When this one finished, Jane said, "Holy shit! This girl is the best kisser I know other than you Tony!"
