 The buses were waiting, low rumbling growls coming from their engines, anxious to be on the road. Outside, girls and counselors were making last goodbyes. For this group summer at Starry Sky Ranch was over. Tears were flowing and hugs were exchanged as the girls slowly made their way to their buses. Soon three weeks of camp would exist only memories, journals and pictures but friendships, new and old, would last a lifetime. Ingrid and the other counselors slumped and sprawled, exhausted, on the front porch chairs of the administration building as the last bus disappeared down the road leaving only a cloud of dust to mark its passage. It had been a tumultuous three weeks and the morning good byes had been more than a little emotionally draining. While the counselors and the rest of the staff chatted amongst themselves the doctor sat by himself, quietly, at the far end of the porch. Ingrid watched as he stood up wandering aimlessly towards the now empty bunk buildings. Ingrid thought she saw a tear in his eye when he got up, it seemed that the morning goodbyes had affected him as well.

Ingrid had just about decided to get up and follow him when she saw him walk into the staff parking lot, small bag in hand and climb into his jeep. He started it up, waved to everyone and drove off down the road. "Damn, " she thought to herself, "Just when I've made up my mind to seduce him in the woods he takes off. Looks like he plans on being gone for a bit too." She sighed and stood up. "Anyone interested in going out on the town with me?" she asked. Angie, ever ready, volunteered to go.

"I'd love to go," Brenda piped up. "That sounds like just the ticket to give myself a lift," Brenda smiled. "Anyone else"? Fran and Lisa decided to join them. They decided that they would stay overnight just to get away from the camp. Even staying in one motel room would be a treat after three weeks in the bunkhouses. A day of shopping, a nice dinner and leaving the evening open was the plan. Half an hour later they were on the road, Brenda's Pathfinder making short work of the old dirt road. 

Ingrid reminder her self not to hitch a ride with Brenda again as the 4x4 swayed back and forth at a frightening pace down the twisty dirt road to the highway. They reached the hard pavement of Highway 9 in what must have been a record time and hardly paused a moment before they were heading south, down the highway, at an equally breakneck speed.

They stopped in Silverthorne and spent the day working their way through the factory outlets, pausing only for a light lunch to refresh them selves. As they wandered in and out of stores they came across a small store tucked in an out of the way corner a small variety of leather clothing displayed in the window. They went inside to discover that most of the clothing was in no way modest! They wandered through the small store giggling a little, in embarrassment, at the different leather fashions. 

Ingrid felt her face flush at some of the more truly naughty apparel available. She did find herself oddly drawn to a black leather mini-dress. She found herself gently stroking the soft, supple, black leather imagining how it would feel against her skin. It was a leather sheath, two thin straps going over the shoulders and around the neck and a zipper running from top to bottom in the front. So lost in the feel of the leather that she did not hear Brenda come up behind her.

"You would look wonderful in that dress," she whispered to Ingrid, she pressed herself against Ingrid gently resting her hands on Ingrid's hips. "You should try it on." Brenda pulled one from the rack, "Here I bet this one will fit," she said handing Ingrid the dress. Without thinking Ingrid took the dress from her and went to the changing room. She slipped the dress on, marveling at how the soft leather felt against her skin. She had to have it. She took it off and left the changing room and headed to the register. The young blonde at the register smiled at her as she rang up the purchase. Ingrid could feel how flushed she was. She turned around and Brenda was standing behind her a smile on her face and a small bag in her hand.

"Come on Ingrid, the girls are waiting outside for us," Brenda said, a twinkle in her eye. They left the store and joined the others outside. They spent another hour or so shopping, but Ingrid's heart wasn't in it. She couldn't wait to get to the hotel and put her new dress on. Finally the others were shopped out. Brenda drove them to a hotel in Dillon. It was off-season in Dillon and Brenda knew the girl at the front desk. She managed to get them a suite, with two king-sized beds in it, for them to share for the night at the regular rate. They went upstairs and compared each other's purchases, while Brenda made reservations at one of the nicer restaurants in town.

"Okay, gang, let's get ready, we only have an hour before we have to be at the restaurant," Brenda told them. Ingrid waited while the other four headed to the bath and bedrooms to change. "Oh Ingrid, this is for you," Brenda said handing her the small bag.

When the others had disappeared Ingrid opened up the package from Brenda. Inside was a leather thong, just her size. Ingrid wondered how she knew. She striped off her clothes and pulled the soft leather thong on, again she marveled at the softness of the leather now holding her tightly. She took off her bra, she wouldn't need it with this dress, and slipped on the dress and zipped it up leaving the last inch or so open, exposing a fair amount of cleavage for others to admire. She looked in the mirror. She would be turning some heads tonight! She smiled as one by one the others came out into the suite's living room their jaws dropping in surprise when they got their first glimpse of her. Brenda's smile was particularly warming and her eyes twinkled when she saw how Ingrid looked.

"Are you wearing everything," she asked Ingrid. Ingrid just smiled and nodded back. She could feel her cheeks flush with pleasure at Brenda's approval. "Well, let's be off then, reservations wait for no one!"

Dinner was wonderful, Brenda had picked out an excellent restaurant and they lingered over their meal sipping wine for several hours. Their waiter was very attentive. She didn't think that water glasses had ever been kept so full. Several times Ingrid caught him trying to look down her dress. Each time she just smiled at him, and he flushed red with embarrassment. They were leisurely finishing off their desserts and asked the waiter if anything was going on that night in town. Unfortunately there was not much going on. The only dancing was at the country-western bar up the road. Ingrid had been looking forward to dancing the evening away, but country swing was not what she had in mind or was dressed for. Angie, Fran and Lisa thought that sounded like a fine time though. Noticing Ingrid's silence at the suggestion, Brenda offered to let Angie drive the 4x4 while she and Ingrid just wandered around Dillon, they could walk back to the hotel. The offer was readily accepted and the three women headed off.

Brenda and Ingrid strolled down the street from the restaurant in the general direction of the hotel. They moved slowly, watching people and looking in the store windows. Ingrid couldn't help but notice that Brenda was walking very close to her and more than occasionally rubbing hips with her. Ingrid also noticed that almost every male that walked by them seemed very taken by her appearance, although most managed to avoid outright staring at her. She was feeling slightly flushed at Brenda's close proximity especially when Brenda's hand would accidentally brush across her own or across her hip or buttocks. She was just turning to tell Brenda that she was ready to head back to the hotel when she spotted the doctor buying a ticket at the movie theater across the street. He was dressed casually in loose khaki shorts, shirt and sturdy hiking shoes. 

He must have just gotten to town from the dust on his boots and clothes. Without thinking she grabbed Brenda by the hand and dragged her across the street to the theater. "Two please," she gasped when she got to the ticket window. Fortunately there was only one movie playing she didn't have to figure out which movie the doctor was seeing. Brenda seemed a bit befuddled by her friend's behavior but smiled and went along with it. Still firmly in Ingrid's grasp she followed her into the theater. Ingrid paused a moment when she got inside the dark theater, the movie was about to start and the lights were coming down. It was a larger theater but there were only 40 or so people inside, even so it took a moment to spot the doctor sitting down, alone, in the back row in the center. She whispered to Brenda. Brenda smiled and left to come in the through the other side. When Ingrid saw Brenda reach the other side she started moving down the aisle. They sat down together on either side of the doctor.

"Hi," they said in unison. He looked a bit startled.

"Well, hello there ladies," He recovered quickly and grinned at them. He let loose a low whistle when he caught a glimpse of what Ingrid was wearing. "My, don't we look gorgeous tonight," he said. Ingrid just smiled at him as she sat down next to him.

"You look particularly handsome yourself," she replied. The lights came all the way down and the movie began. She settled back in the seat for a moment to at least figure out what movie was playing. The doctor wasted no time though, as the movie title flashed by she felt his hand caressing her exposed thigh. Ingrid glanced over as his hand crept up underneath her short dress. His eyes were locked on the screen but his other hand looked like it was in Brenda's lap. She leaned against him as his fingers began to trace spirals on the inside of her thigh, her dress creeping even further up as his fingers moved closer to her pussy. She watched him move his hand from Brenda's lap and wrap it around her, his hand cupping her breast drawing her closer to him. His fingers danced gently across Ingrid's pussy his head turning to her, kissing her lips. He opened his lips slightly, deepening their kiss, his hand now stroking her pussy through the soft leather of her thong. Ingrid heard the soft sound of a zipper, and reaching over she found Brenda's hand exploring the doctor's shorts. It did not take long to find the object of the search, his hard cock already straining against the cotton of his underwear.

Ingrid moaned as his fingers stroked harder, the sound muffled by his mouth. She jumped in the seat a little as his warm hand slipped under her thong, gently rubbing her pussy with his fingers. She shuddered and felt her nipples grow hard against the leather of her dress.

"Ingrid, unzip your dress, show me your breasts," Kris whispered to her. Mesmerized by the desire building in her pussy she complied unzipping her dress, exposing her breasts with their hard nipples to his gaze. He unwrapped his hand from Brenda and cupped Ingrid's breast, dropping his mouth to take her hard nipple in his mouth. He traced light circles with this tongue all around it before finally taking the hard nubbin into his mouth and sucking hard on it. As he drew her nipple between his lips he shoved one finger hard into her hot, wet pussy. She almost cried out but strangled the sound in her throat. 

She felt him raise his ass off the seat and heard Brenda pulling down his shorts and underwear. She could see Brenda's arm moving up and down her hand out of sight in his lap. He moved to her other breast moving the leather to one side with his lips. He treated it the same way his tongue tracing circles all around the hard nipple, aching for his touch, before he sucked hard on it and another finger joined the first one in her pussy, the thong pulled to one side to accommodate him. 

She started to move her hips thrusting up to meet the two fingers stroking into her pussy. She wnated to cry out again but found his lips pressed hard against hers his tongue invading her mouth. His kissed her deeply, his fingers stroking into her his thumb lightly dancing across her clit. Her body began to tense and she gripped the arms of the seat tightly. His thumb rubbed her clit hard and she exploded in the seat, her body bucking hard against his hand, her orgasm crashing through her like a truck. He stopped stroking her and let her collapse back into the seat. 

He pulled back and gazed at her as she recovered from the tremendous orgasm. He reached over and took her hand and placed on his rampant member. "My turn now Ingrid, come here," he whispered to her. She absently stroked his cock with her hand thrilling to the feel of its heat in her hand. He took her other hand and gently pulled on it till her eyes turned to him. "Now Ingrid, come here." She stood still dazed from her powerful orgasm. She faced him as he sat in the seat. Brenda was kneeling up in the seat next to him gazing at her. One of Brenda's breasts was exposed and she was playing with the nipple, pinching and pulling it with her fingers, her dressed was hiked up almost to her waist and the other hand was moving slowly underneath it. 

Ingrid stared at her, lust in her eyes. Her own breasts exposed, the soft light of the film throwing shadows across her hard nipples. Kris took her by the hips and made her turn around. The couple on the screen kissing, their kiss turning more passionate as she watched, Ingrid licked her lips. Kris reached up underneath her dress and pulled her thong down, grasping her by her hips he pulled her down to him. He edged forward till he was sitting on the edge of the seat his legs together his cock pointed towards her. He pulled her down till the head was poised just at the entrance to her pussy. He pushed down on her hips his cock missing her hole, the hard length sliding up her wet slit. 

She reached down and rubed the hard length again against her pussy. Then rose up, guiding the hard prick with her hand she lowered herself on to it lodging the head an inch inside her hot, pulsing pussy. She paused enjoying the feel of the pulsing head inside her squeezing it. Then Kris pulled her down hard and impaled her on his rampant cock. She squealed but found Brenda's hand across her mouth muffling the sound. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the engorged member lodged inside her, milking it with her pussy. She opened her eyes, the couple on the screen were in bed now wrapped in the sheets, the man on top moving with a fucking motion, the woman arching her back thrusting her covered breasts at him. 

"Come on Ingrid, fuck yourself on my cock," Kris whispered to her urgently. She felt his hands on her breasts pushing the leather back up over the nipples. Then she felt a hand covering her pussy, stroking her lips and dancing across her clit. She turned her head to look at Brenda and found Brenda's mouth waiting for her. As they kissed, Kris thrust his hips up and Ingrid starting to move up and down, awkwardly at first but then with greater speed as the hard, pulsing prick massaged her tight passage. She groaned into Brenda's mouth, Brenda's hand moving faster across her pussy. Kris was pinching and pulling her nipples through the soft leather of her dress hold them high with the palms of his hands. 

She felt him kiss and lick her back, his tongue and lips moving up and down her spine sending an electric thrill to the center of her pussy, his cock pounding away inside her, thrusting up to meet her as she bucked downward on his cock. Impatiently he pulled zipper down farther exposing her breasts again, his hands squeezing and tweaking her bare breasts, his thrusts becoming more urgent. She could feel the corded muscles in his legs starting to tense. She moved faster in time with the stroking of Brenda's hand on her pussy. He kissed her back again and groaned thrusting up powerfully raising her feet off the floor his prick bucking, flexing and throbbing, shooting jet after jet of hot cum deep into her pussy. 

As he came Brenda pinched her clit hard and she came again as she felt the powerful jets shooting off inside her. She started to cry out in pleasure but found Brenda's lips pressed against hers, sharing her orgasm. She sat down on his legs, his prick still trapped inside her, slowly growing limp. She rose letting the softening cock slip from the grasp of her pussy. His cum gushing out, covering his prick with their fluids. She bent down on the floor and lovingly licked up their combined fluids from his cock. They settled back into their seats Kris resting his hands on their thighs as they finished watching the movie.