 Its been almost six months that I've been living on the farm with Lexi and her family. It has been quite an adventure too. Getting to know Lexi and her dad and brothers have proven to be quite fun. I have been able to quench my thirst for sex in many different ways. The dad and brothers have proven to be quite a handful at times and quite good at keeping me satisfied. I am starting to love that little room off the barn more and more every day.

My thirst for sex has been a double-edged sword sometimes in my life. When I was young, it was a great thing to be hungry for sex all the time with my boyfriend. Teenage young men can't get enough of it. But it also worked against me too when they broke up with me. They would call me names like a freak and ho and slut, all because I liked sex more than they did, or they couldn't keep up with me. Guess it hurt their pride or something. It didn't change when I moved out on my own. Guys can be such jerks to women that love to have sex as much as I do.

When I lived in the city, there was no end to the supply of hot guys and girls to have sex with any time I wanted it. The problem I had living there was none of the sex led to anything meaningful. Everyone got to know about my thirst for it and just started using me for their own needs. I still don't know where my sex addiction came from; I could never get enough. I guess being addicted to sex is a lot better than some other things. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the sex but wanted something more. I never knew what precisely until I moved here to the farm and experienced being part of a family that shared everything. 

I walked out to the porch and sat down. I told Lexi who sat down with me, how the money I had saved up was almost gone now and I wanted to find a job to earn my keep. She told me to see her father and talk it over with him. I went back into the house to the living room. Robert was sitting in a chair drinking beer. I sat on the sofa and asked him if we could talk. 

I started by telling him I wanted to work to keep helping out around the farm. He looked at me and said to me that if I wanted to get a part-time job to have money for things I needed that would be fine, as long as it was in the morning. He told me I was apart of the family and would be taken care of as long as I took care of him and his sons. I knew what that meant. 

I agreed and took my leave. I decided to go for a walk around the property. It is pretty big, so I hadn't been far from the house yet. I walked along a dirt path across one of the fields and sat on the grass just staring up at the sky. I was lost in thought when a shadow blocked my view. I glanced around to see Dean standing there looking so handsome; I think my heart skipped a beat. All he had on was his jeans and boots. The sweat was glistening on his tanned, muscular body. 

He sat down next to me; his hand brushed the hair from my face. He leaned into me and placed a soft kiss on my lips. Slowly my body leaned back into the grass, and he followed. He laid half in the grass and half on me. He softly kissed me as his hands slid down my body. I loved the feel of his touch. It sent shivers through me. He unbuttoned my blouse releasing my small perky tits. His mouth was warm on them. He licked and sucked gently. 

I was thoroughly wet and wanted him terribly. I reached down and pulled my skirt up and slid my panties off. He undid his jeans and released his throbbing hard cock. He hovered over me and pushed his thickness into my wet pussy. I couldn't stop the moans that escaped my mouth. I could never get enough of Dean; he always knew what got me going right from the beginning. 

I could feel every bit of his cock as it slid in and out of me, my heavens it felt so good! He suddenly stopped for a moment, rolled himself over and pulled me on top of him, never removing his cock from inside me. I loved being submissive to him but having control and being on top felt good too. I bent forward a little, and his mouth found my tits again. He licked and sucked them. My body trembled as I sunk down on him. 

He sat me back up, pushed into me deep as he held me there, I could feel his body shake, and I felt his juices release into me. I collapsed down on to him. He held my chin up and kissed me so sweetly. 

I raised off of him and went to grab my panties to put them back on. He took them from me and shoved them into his pocket. He zipped his jeans up and teased me with my panties, then ran away. I started to run after him to get my panties back. We ran through the field, but it was no use. I wasn't getting those back either. They have a collection of my panties, and I'm running out of them now. 

He walked back over to me, kissed my cheek and walked off. I shook my head and smiled as he walked away. I decided it was time to get back to the house. When I reached the porch, Lexi and Robert were both sitting there. I smiled at them and went into the house. I made my way to my room and gathered clothing to take a shower. The hot water felt so good as it cascaded down my body. I finished up and dressed. I decided I would take a ride into town to see what kind of jobs there were. 

Out on the porch, I told Lexi and Robert why I was going into town. Robert stood up and walked down to the car with me. We talked for a minute, and I handed him my keys. He got in and drove. We made it into town, and there were a few places he took me too. The last stop was a little tavern. We went in, and he spoke to the man behind the bar. I sat in a booth and waited. A few minutes later they walked over, and Robert introduced him as Elijah. 

Elijah told me he needed someone to come in at six am and open. I would only have to stay till around eleven and said it's usually quiet and slow so I wouldn't have much to do. I agreed to see how it worked out. They talked for a little bit longer, and we left. He started to drive back to the farm and turned off down a secluded dirt road and stopped the vehicle. 

He was never much for beating around the bush. He unzipped his pants and pulled his half erect cock out. I leaned down into the seat and licked the tip softly. I always liked teasing at first to see how far I could go with it. With Robert, it was never very far. He grabbed my hair in his hand and forced my mouth down onto his cock. I began to suck as my tongue explored. Every couple of minutes he would force my head all the way down, so I choked on him. The saliva poured from the sides of my mouth, my eyes watered.

When he took control, it made me so wet. My hands would gently squeeze his balls as his cock invaded my throat. He pushed down one last time, and I felt his seed slide down the back of my throat. I sat up and cleaned myself the best I could. He fixed his pants, and we drove back to the farm. 

I asked him why he wanted me to work in the mornings. He looked over at me and told me it was because Lexi worked second shift and I would be there alone with him and his sons like I have been. He didn't want to give up that alone time.

When we reached the farm, I went to the porch. Lexi asked how it went. I told her Robert had gotten me a job at the tavern in the mornings to open up. She smiled, and we just talked. The day had gotten away from us. It was about time for her to head out to work. She walked over and kissed my cheek. Our daily goodbye. She would kiss my cheek, say love you and see you tonight. There were times I wanted to grab her and plant one on her. She was an exquisite beauty. 

I walked into the house, grabbed a beer and sat down on the sofa. I figured I would relax for a bit. I drank down half the beer in the first swallow, sat it on the table and turned on the radio. I sank back into the sofa listening to George Jones playing. I had just started to doze off when I heard noises come from the kitchen. I grabbed my beer and finished it. Robert and all three of his sons came in from the kitchen. All had a beer and a glass of something. Robert handed a glass to me. I took a sip and choked. It was moonshine. 

They all laughed a little and sat down around me. I was never really nervous with any of them; it was like I belonged there. Their hands wandered up and down my legs. Soft kisses came from each of them. I was in total bliss at times like this. 

My mind stopped wandering when I felt Dean and John strip me of my clothes. Once they had taken all my clothes from me, they undressed. My mouth immediately found its way to Deans hard shaft. I didn't hesitate as it made it halfway to my throat. I felt his hands wrap into my hair as he guided my mouth up and down him. My moans sent shivers through him. He pulled me off, and suddenly I was at the next brother. I loved to taste them all before they have me. 

Usually, they would take turns one on one at first. Before our playtime was over, I would have three of them that would use my body at once. I was there for their enjoyment, but I didn't mind at all. I received more than my share of pleasure from them. It was an ideal arrangement for everyone. 

I loved the way I felt when I had Dean and Brian both inside me from behind at the same time. A lot of women don't know the pleasure anal can give. John and Robert would take turns having me taste them. By the time we would finish I was always covered in cum. Sometimes I would tease them more and use my fingers to scoop some cum off my tits and lick it seductively off them. That would get them going for a second time. I would get placed gently over the side of the sofa, and they would start again. 

Although sometimes we would finish, (or so I thought). I'd take a shower, and one or more would follow me and continue to play. We always made sure we were finished about an hour before Lexi was to be home. She still wasn't aware of our playtimes together. I wanted to keep it that way. I always wanted her though. Maybe one night I will get up the nerve to make my move on her. 

But until then I have Robert, Dean, John, and Brian to satisfy all my wants, needs and desires.