 Chapter 18, The Church Hall

Sue and Jackie were both members of the local Girl Guide troop, a small troop which met down at the village hall once a week. They had both been members for years. This year the troop had organised a camping trip towards the end of the summer, nothing too exciting, a few days in the woods down behind the village church but enough girls were going that it still took some organising and as usual Jackie and Sue had been roped in to help check the camping gear which was stored under the stage at the village hall. Naturally they had asked for help with the heavy work and the scout master had arranged for a couple of the local lads from the Scout troop to come down and lend a hand. They had all arranged to meet late on the Wednesday afternoon.

Sue and Jackie had arrived first and they let themselves with the huge set of keys they had collected the day before. The village hall was a ramshackle old wooden building which had seen the passage of many generations of villagers through its doors. The place smelled musty and stale and the floorboards groaned as you walked over them but all the kids in the village had grown up in its shadow with countless youth clubs, Scouts and Guides meetings, Brownies, Wolf Cubs, 'Gang Shows', village fêtes, Whist drives, 'Bring and Buy' sales and many and varied concerts, wedding receptions, anniversaries, birthday parties, institutes, clubs, and unions, it had even hosted political rallies and meetings; all of life had passed through this hall. 

Jackie's first serious kiss had taken place in the kitchen at the back of the hall. It hadn't got much further and as the boy of her dreams had left with someone else at the end of the night; but somehow that was the point, exactly what the village hall was, what it was supposed to be, a place where the community came together, a meeting place, a centre for the village.

As they opened the main doors the sunlight followed them in, streaming across the faded wooden floor, catching the dust in midflight and making it explode. The rest of the hall was dark and relatively cool; for some obscure reason, which they were sure no one could explain, the curtains in the hall were always kept closed when the place was unoccupied. The sunlight however confounded the strategy by streaming in through the many holes, tears and gaps in the ageing material staining the floor with intense bursts of white light. Benches and chairs were stacked around the walls and folding tables leaned drunkenly in rows. A large wooden stage dominated one end of the hall and behind and to either side of the stage doors led off to a back room and a small kitchen respectively. The whole thing gave off its own unique smell of age and age and use.

Curtain rings squealed on brass poles black with age as Sue noisily opened one pair of curtains at the bottom end of the hall and the stage suddenly sprang startlingly into view as if lit for a show. Fresh clouds of dust dropped complainingly from the disturbed ancient curtains and swirled in the light like liberated fleas and Sue coughed humorously and waved her arms to dispel them and Jackie laughed. 

Like the rest of the hall the stage was littered with the debris of village life; ripped baize topped tables covered with old forgotten meeting notes, bits of poorly painted scenery depicting somebody's idea of a castle, the remnants of a bygone cricket match and numerous and various wooden tea chests, cardboard boxes, sacks and piles of papers and books; the repository of a hundred years of village life. 

Sue climbed the side stairs onto the stage and turning towards Jackie she spread her arms as if auditioning and began to sing. Jackie laughed like a little girl and clapped her hands excitedly, bowing in return as Sue began to sing.

The small gang of boys arrived quietly, moving slowly into the hall while Sue stood on the stage and sang. They did not disturb her, they just stood by the door before inching their way to the side of the stage where they stood quietly, slightly behind the unsuspecting Sue. When Jackie finally noticed them they urged her to silence with a finger to their lips and smiling Jackie nodded. Standing front and centre in the old hall, the bright sunlight streaming in shafts around her she stood watched her sister sing for her audience. The warm golden sunlight also picked out Sue like a spotlight, the light streaming across her face as she sang to the back of the old hall and as she moved her figure silhouetted through the thin material of her summer skirt and loose fitting t-shirt. The boys stood watching in silence, whether for the entertainment of her singing or the view of her body it was impossible to say but in that moment Jackie thought her sister the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. 

Sue finished her impromptu solo and then bowed dramatically, spreading her arms again to what she thought was an imaginary audience, 'Thank you, thank you' she said theatrically and bowed again. Jackie clapped the performance to its end, the sound echoing in the aging rafters. The boys joined in a heartbeat later, a slower, droller round of applause. Sue stopped dead, suddenly embarrassed, mortified that her audience had proved to be real and that they had been privy to her foolishness. Jackie turned to face the newcomers , "I think that they were more impressed that they could see through your clothes rather than with the singing," she said and Sue suddenly blushed scarlet and stepped back out of the sunlight, causing her magnificent silhouette to fade back into her clothes. 

"That's a bloody shame," one of the guys said in a loud voice so Sue could hear, "we were really enjoying that." 

"I'll bet you were," Jackie answered as the boys sauntered over to stand with her in the centre of the hall. There were three of them and the girls knew them all. They were from St. Stephens, the neighbouring Catholic Church school and they also belonged to the Scout troop that used this hall. While the Scouts in the troop were all supposed to belong to the local C of E church which actually owned the hall and ran the local Guide and Scout troops, kids from other Churches that either had no troops of their own or the congregations were too small to support a troop were accepted onto the register without any particularly searching questions into which Church a child attended on a Sunday being asked. 

Red faced Sue wondered to the front of the stage, carefully avoiding the sunlight. "Chris, Steve, John" she acknowledged the newcomers. "What are you doing here?"

"The Vicar asked us to help with moving the camping gear," Chris offered, "said you were going camping next weekend. We weren't fast enough to duck when he asked for volunteers."

"Not true," Jackie said smiling knowingly, "the Vicar would go nuts if he found you here and you know it."

"Bloody hell," Chris laughed "does news travel fast or what?"

"Only bad news. I understand you had to leg it without your trousers."

"All lies and exaggerations," he laughed depreciatingly, "put about by the Vicar and Sally's father."

"So it was Sally was it? The stories are true then; but fancy trying to do it in the Vestry! You must have known you would be caught!"

"She was keen, what could I do? Anyway, it didn't start out as sex did it?" He looked at Steve who shook his head in support. "We were playing strip poker and things just sort of progressed from there."

"And breaking into the cupboard for the Communion wine?" Sue asked.

"Is that what they are saying?" Chris asked looking genuinely surprised, "'Cos that's not true. We had our own booze."

"Probably equally as bad but that's the story I heard. They say that Vicar went straight 'round to the Police and that they are trying to identify the people involved. They also said that Sally left her pants behind and that's how they identified her, they were rather distinctive."

"As I remember the only distinctive thing about them was that Sally was no longer wearing them when the old bastard found us." He glared at his brother Steve, "and the only reason he found us was because that fucking idiot was smoking! The Vicar smelt the smoke and came looking."

"I wanted a fag," Steve said shrugging his shoulders and looking down at his shoes sheepishly.

"Should've been outside keeping watch as you were told." Chris said his voice taking on a hard edge.

"I didn't want to miss my turn," Steve said, a 'not my fault' whine suddenly appearing.

"We all missed our turn thanks to you. She was as ready as they come until the bloody Vicar turned up. She'll never come near us again now. Probably put her off sex for life," he said grinning at the girls.

"Well the word is that the Police are involved and so you three had better keep your heads well down. The Vicar is gunning for you. He can't prove anything yet but it seems he's fairly convinced it's you two."

"How do you know so much," Steve asked suddenly suspiciously. 

"Heard Mrs Pringle the Guide Mistress talking about it last night when she gave me the keys to this place. She was full of it." She answered lightly and smugly. "And you are certainly not the Vicars favourite! She reckons he'll turn you in to the coppers if he can prove it's you." 

Chris laughed nervously; the Vicars wrath was not to be invoked lightly, "He's just jealous! The miserable old bastard probably never had sex in his life."

"Not what I've heard," Jackie offered and Chris looked interested, "I wouldn't like to be alone in here with him. He's got wondering hands."

"The Vicar?" Chris laughed disbelievingly until he saw the girls serious faces and he shook his head, "Why that sly old bastard."

"All that aside," Sue said, changing the subject and bringing them back to the original question, "what are you doing here?"

"I owed Sandy a favour."

"And he was the one the Vicar actually asked to give us a hand," Jackie finished the excuse for him. "Makes sense now. Well, I would suggest that we get on with it before the Vicar turns up and catches you."

The boys suddenly glanced nervously towards the door making the girls smile. 

"Are you expecting him?" Chris asked, trying to make question sound casual.

"Not that I'm aware of but he does have a habit of just turning up; as you lot found out last night."

"Very funny," Chris said dryly, "let's get on with it."

The boys looked around. Two of them, Chris and Steve, were not-quite identical twins, very similar but easy to differentiate when close too. Good looking in a wholesome, public school sort of way and despite their clean cut image they had a well deserved reputation for getting into trouble. Nothing ever too serious, just some minor scrapes with authority but it earned them a reputation with the local kids and it certainly enhanced their appeal with the girls. The third, John, always hung around with the twins and generally played stooge for them. Wherever the twins were John could always be found following along. 

"Where's the stuff you want moving?" the twins asked almost in unison and the girls laughed. 

"Under the stage," Sue said stamping her foot to indicate the space beneath her and raising a puff of dust from the old boards in the process. "Two ways in," she said, "through these two trapdoors on the top; they need opening when you're working down there anyway otherwise it's too dark and claustrophobic but the main way in is down the side there. She pointed towards the stairs at the rear of the left hand side of the stage. 

Steve and Chris climbed up onto the stage to look at the trapdoors while John walked around to look at the main doors down the side. The trap doors to the storage space under the stage were centre front of the stage and surprisingly heavy and it took the two of them to lift each one. "Hold it," Sue said when the first trapdoor was raised and on her hands and knees she reached down under it and pulled out the two struts that held the hinged door open. 

"Can't get stuff up through that," Chris volunteered looking the small opening, "won't it peg open any wider?"

"Nope, as I said these are just for light and ventilation, you use the main doors for getting stuff in and out." The boys shrugged and trooped down the side stairs to where John had pushed the side doors wide open. They all bent down and peered inside, the limited space that could be seen from the entrance was full of abandoned boxes, misshapen canvas bags and the accumulated detritus of generations of community enterprises. It smelt dry and stale, the air heavy, choked with the dust of years. 

"Bloody Sandy certainly saw us coming didn't he," Chris muttered as he bent double and wormed his way into the available space. "Is there a light in here?" he called and Jackie pushed forward and stuck her head into the darkness, the only light coming from the open trapdoors away nearer the front of the stage. 

"The switch is fixed on a wooden post. Over there, to the left of the trapdoor." Chris grunted and crawled off in the direction indicated and after listening to a string of muffled bumps and curses part of the room suddenly sprang into stark relief as a single naked bulb lit up the front of storage area. 

"That's better," Chris's disembodied voice floated back through the dust, "can at least see what's going on now."

Jackie ducked through the entrance and made her way forward, followed by the other boys with Sue bringing up the rear. "Where's the gear we're supposed to shift?" John asked sitting down on a small canvas bag. He pulled out a cigarette and lit up. Sue pulled it from his mouth and twisted it underfoot. 

"Not in here you cretin, this place isn't exactly fireproof; and besides someone's bound to smell it and then we'd get into trouble," she indicated Sue and herself, "we're Girl Guides remember. We're not allowed to smoke."

Steve laughed and cupped Jackie's arse, "Clean in thought, word and deed eh?"

Jackie pushed him away, "Keep your hands to yourself, Steve Bradshaw," she warned, "I've heard all about you." 

"Ay, and we've heard all about you."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Jackie asked suddenly defensive, suddenly hostile.

"Chief football supporter as I heard," John joined in, referring to Jackie's bus trip with a football team. He grinned at the others.

"Say that again and I'll rip you're nuts off and use them as earrings," Sue said smiling sweetly 

John pretended to be afraid, "Oh no, please don't hurt me," he said and burst out laughing, the macho laugh of a young man challenged in front of his peers.

"Don't be a tit all your life Johnny," Chris said throwing a piece of wood at him. "Come on, let's get this gear moved. Now," he said turning to Jackie, "ignore him, the man's a bollocks. Now, what's to go where?"

For the next forty minutes they all sweated and strained in the hot confines of the cramped storage area. Bags were sorted and boxes of equipment pushed out into corridor down the side of the stage and some into the hall itself. The boys soon had their shirts off, much to the girls delight and amusement and the boys suggestion that the girls follow suit was met with good natured derision. Wandering hands were commonplace in the confined area and were taken as an occupational hazard by the girls working with three fit and healthy blokes in such close proximity; and in truth the girls enjoyed the attention, and depending upon who the offending hand belonged to would sometimes allow the hand to linger moment longer than was strictly necessary before shoving it away with a laugh or a comment. 

Of the twins Chris was the most persistent offender; he was also the most affable and charismatic of the three and as such was obviously their self appointed leader. He naturally and good naturedly organised the work, in as much as the chaos could be called organised and he allocated the tasks for each of them, moving them around to facilitate the shifting of bags and boxes. He was also always in a suitable position to good naturedly slip his hand up under one of the girls skirts or to place his hand on a breast when the opportunity presented. As always the girls casually disregarded the advances and always easily sidestepped or removed the itinerant hand without trouble.

When the job was almost over and most of the kit had been sorted and stacked in the hall Chris called a break. With a sigh of relief they collapsed, sitting together in the space they had cleared beneath the stage, the boys drying their sweat and dirt streaked faces and chests with their balled up shirts and the girls flapping their sweat soaked shirts against their skin. The heat was oppressive and the air thick with disturbed dust. "Do you want to go get us a drink?" Chris asked John as he settled himself down on a convenient canvas bag. "We'll have finished this by the time you get back. We'll need a real drink by then."

John looked at him and rolled over onto his back, wiping the sweat and dirt off his chest with his hand, "I've got no money." 

Chris gave him a jaundiced look, "When has that ever stopped you?"

John shrugged and laughed, "I'll see what I can get." He rolled off the canvas bag and picked up his shirt before heading out through the side doors. A minute later they heard the front door slam.

As soon as he had gone Chris rolled over closer to Jackie who was sitting propped up against a tea chest near him. He placed his hand on her knee. She smiled tolerantly and brushed it away. "Aw come on," he said plaintively, "let me have a feel. I've been working hard just so that you lot can go off and have a good time. I think you owe me." 

Jackie laughed and shook her head, "I owe you nothing," she said. "You're doing this because you owed your mate a favour, nothing to do with me."

"Yep," he agreed, "that's true but we have worked bloody hard and I think we deserve some kind of a reward don't you?" He moved nearer and casually lifted the hem of her skirt, peering up underneath into the darkness. Jackie laughed again and smoothed her skirt down spoiling his view. 

"Nothing up there that you haven't seen before," she said, "just knickers and a pair of legs." 

"Yes but they are your knickers and I haven't seen them before; or what you keep in them," he added almost as an afterthought.

"And you're not going to either," she said easily, "go bother Sue and leave me alone."

"I'm already being bothered," Sue offered, peeling Steve's hand from her waist where it had once again crept unbidden. "He's like sitting next to an octopus." 

Steve leaned forward and raised his eyebrows at his brother. "I'm trying," he said and Chris laughed.

"Bloody trying," Sue said shuffling away a little which only served to put her closer to Chris who casually diverted his attention to her. He put his hand on Sue's thigh and ran it quickly up under her skirt, Sue jumped as his hand reached the junction of her thighs and she crossed her legs, "Bloody hell," she exclaimed grabbing hold of his wrist as his hand flattened over her sex. As she wrestled with his hand Steve leaned over and grabbing hold of her shoulders he pulled her backwards towards him. Sue shrieked and let go of Chris's wrist and tried to stop herself falling backwards. Chris's hand fastened limpet like over her sex while Steve took advantage of her position and reaching under her arms he cupped a breast in each hand. Sue struggled as the boys made free with her body, "Bloody hell, Jackie! Give me a hand here."

Jackie rolled over and rested her head on one arm, smiling at the uneven struggle that for once did not involve her. "Looks like you've got all the hands you can use our kid. 'Fraid you're on your own." Sue looked in disbelief at her sister as she struggled to keep Steve's hands out from under her shirt, where, despite her resistance, he was working his way up towards her breasts. Chris was having a much easier time; he had pulled the front of her skirt up to expose her knickers and was feeling around trying to get his fingers inside the waistband. It was obvious that Sue was rapidly losing the unequal fight. Steve had worked his way up under her shirt and onto one of Sue's bra clad breasts while at the same time trying to pull the front of her shirt up. She squirmed as Chris gave up on the waistband of her knickers and he slipped his hand up under the leg of her knickers and over onto sex. Sue squeezed her legs tightly together as a line of last defence, "Bloody well help me," she yelled at her sister. Jackie watched for a moment longer as Steve finally managed to pull the front of Sue's t-shirt up and over her breasts and he began to try to worm his fingers into the cup of her bra. Sue had crossed her arms tightly across her chest and he was having a hard time making any leeway. Chris in the meantime, failing to get his hand between her legs her hard crossed legs had changed tactics and grabbing a handful of the lose material he had begun to pull Sue's knickers down. 
