 Jackie's Story

A couple of days later, on her way back from a friend's house, Jackie spotted the familiar lanky figure of Mike, sitting on the wall by the edge of the woods behind her house. The heat was oppressive and Mike was sitting on the wall in the shade of an overhanging tree. 

Jackie quickly smoothed her hair with her fingers and smoothing down her old summer frock she casually sauntered up behind him, approaching from the woods at his back. "Who you waiting for?" she asked and Mike almost leapt off the wall in surprise.

"Fucking hell! Don't do that! I was miles away then, could have given me a heart attack."

Jackie laughed and leaned against the wall, Mike swung his legs over to the other side so he was facing her. "Sorry," she said unconvincingly and she pouted, "didn't mean to make you jump."

It was Mikes' turn to laugh. "No problem, just didn't see you that's all. I'm waiting for Woodie. He's supposed to be meeting me here." 'Woodie' was Roy's current nickname. A fairly recent acquisition gained during the course of a school medical where all the boys had been traipsed in their gym kit to see the school nurse and doctor. 

The examination had been conducted behind a flimsy rollaway screen erected in the school corridor and the boys had all lined up, cold and in truth a little scared, to be told to drop their pants and cough. The examination had gone smoothly enough until Roy, next in line had peered through the gaps in the screen to see what was happening.

Unfortunately for Roy the regular old battleaxe of a school nurse had been replaced by a young and reasonably sexy, nurse. By the time he was called through his imagination had run riot and to his eternal embarrassment he entered sporting a full grown erection, a 'woodie' in the popular slang. The nurse had to tell him to drop his shorts twice before in exasperation she pulled them down for him. His penis sprang free 'almost taking her eyes out' he would later boast. All the waiting pupils heard was the doctor spluttering and coughing and an angry "And you can go and sit over there until THAT wears off!"

It took a few moments for the guys outside to figure what had happened but when the penny dropped everyone collapsed laughing and a new nickname was born.

"Haven't seen him," she said and looked around, "have you seen Sue?"

"No, you looking for her?"

"Not really. Just thought I'd tag along with her for a bit. Getting bored at home." Jackie looked up at Mike and thought what a good looking man he was. "Are you meeting up with her?"

"Not sure," Mike said, a little warily she thought, "No plans; might bump into her later, depends," he said without stipulating on what.

Jackie turned and leant back against the wall.  The light summer dress she was wearing buttoned down the front and undoing the top button she flapped the dress loosely to give him a view of her breasts. "Bloody hot isn't it?" she said looking up and catching him looking down her top as she had hoped he would. 

Mike laughed and sat back quickly, caught red handed. The breasts he had just caught a glimpse of looked very appetising and his interest in Jackie rapidly increased. Jackie hopped up onto the wall beside him and casually sat forward, her shoulders hunched slightly, causing her dress to sag and again innocently offer Mike some tantalising glimpses of the curve of her breasts; she was deliberately turning him on and she was enjoying it.

And so was Mike. He leaned forward almost openly watching the gentle slope of her breast as she fanned the material. He made no attempt to hide his interest. If she took offence then he was hoping to meet up with Sue and the gang later, if she did not take offence then who knew where it may lead? 

He took a cigarette from his top pocket and fished around for a match which he struck on the wall beside him before using it to light the cigarette. She looked sideways at him "Where are going when Woodie comes?"

Mike shrugged.  "Don't know. Probably a walk. May head down towards the 'rezzer'. Should be cooler down there. Chance to paddle your feet at least; unless you want to take your clothes and go for a swim?" Jackie looked at him smiled, "I don't have my swimming 'cozzy' with me," she said innocently.

"Neither do I" he said with a laugh. "Wouldn't let that bother us. Why do you ask?" he added, taking another drag on his cigarette.

"I was thinking about asking if it's OK to come with you. I feel like a walk and the reservoir sounds fun. Are you really going to swim?" Mike shrugged and tossed the cigarette away and then, almost as an afterthought, he hopped down off the wall and stubbed the cigarette out under his foot. 

"Are you going to meet up with Sue and the others?" She asked and Mike again shrugged noncommittally. "Talkative aren't you? Is there a problem? I'm only asking if I can come down to the bloody reservoir with you, I'm not asking you to marry me." Mike looked at her and held out his arms to help her down off the wall. She hopped down with his hands holding her at her waist. "Well" she asks again "can I come or what?"

"I guess so" Mike ventured at last and Jackie heaved a mock sigh of relief.

"God, the man talks!" "But you have to give me something first" He said. 

Jackie looked at him. 'What?"

"Your knickers," he said and he stood there and watched her mouth drop open in surprise.

"What?" she repeated slightly shaking her head as if to clear her hearing.

"You heard me," he said again "If you want to come along you have to give me your knickers first."

"Why?"

"Because I want them and I'm making up the rules," he said simply. "Do you want to come or not?" He turned as if to walk away.

Jackie looked at him for a moment and then shrugged her shoulders , "OK". She said touching his arm, holding him in place. Mike raised his eyebrows slightly but said nothing. Jackie reached under her skirt and hooking her thumbs into the waistband she slid her pants down her legs to her ankles. 

With her knickers pooled around her ankles Jackie stood up and smiled at him. Mike watched her with a slightly bemused smile. Stepping out of the small pile of material she stooped down and scooped them up, holding them in her hand as if weighing their import. Finally making up her mind she held them out to him. 

"Here." She said. "Can I come now?" Mike reached out his hand and took the still warm material from her. He rubbed it slowly between his fingers before raising it to his face and with a smile he inhaled deeply.

"Dirty bugger!" Jackie said laughing and made to grab them back but Mike stepped back out of reach. She grabbed again but Mike swiftly pocketed them. 

"Yep," he said. "I guess so," and her turned away and began to walk into the wood. Jackie fell in alongside him. As they began to walk along side by side Mike suddenly reached down and flicked the back of her skirt up. Jackie quickly danced out of reach, pulling the back of her skirt down and laughing but not before he had a tantalising glimpse of naked flesh.

Throughout the walk to the reservoir Jackie tried to find out what was happening with Sue. Roy, who had joined them en route, was already ducking and weaving under a slow but steady barrage of questions; but Jackie once again drew a blank, the boys were tight lipped. At first she tried to laugh it off to herself but inside she could feel she was starting to get irrationally angry at what she saw as their stupid reticence.

Why would Sue not talk to her and why was everyone being so bloody secretive? The more she thought about it the she was sure that Alan was right, Sue was fucking somebody and these guys knew who. Her sense of isolation, her own secrets, began to weigh heavily. She needed someone to confide in, to hear her confession, why would Sue not talk to her. By the time they reached the reservoir Jackie was boiling inside and Sue was fast becoming the unwitting target of her anger.

........

When they finally arrived at the reservoir there was no one in sight and so they walked around the edge until they found a shady place to sit. Jackie immediately pulled her shoes and socks if and bathed them in the cold, fresh, water. Mike and Roy sat by her side watching her bathe her feet and smoking, holding a desultory conversation that owed more to the heat than the company. 

Eventually Roy pointed to the wall at the bottom of the reservoir where the road came closest; Sue could be seen on the other side of wall, soon to be joined by Dave and Pete. They scaled the wall and headed down the path towards them.

When she saw Jackie waiting with Mike and Roy, Sue was clearly not amused and made little attempt to hide it. The boys watched as the two girls walked off a short distance, and stood heads together, deep in what looked like a fairly heated, conversation. Sue obviously felt that the boys were her territory and she made no bones that she wanted to keep it that way. 

Jackie could feel her anger rising; she was hot and bothered, and wanted to get close to her sister, she needed her help and advice; and here she was being a real cow.. Jackie looked at Sue closely and tried to figure out what was going on, why the hostility? Sue leaned forward as she was talking to Jackie and Jackie suddenly realised that Sue was not wearing a bra. 

Jackie looked at her in amazement; she knew that Sue was wearing one this morning but now she was bare breasted beneath her thin blouse. Jackie quickly glanced over Sue's shoulder at Sam and Dave and suddenly realised that the mystery lover was one of them, perhaps even both. As Sue ranted on Jackie carefully looked at the boys faces in turn and tried to read the story in them but Sue kept on talking, probing, trying to figure out what Jackie was doing there. Jackie was nearing breaking point.

Glancing back at the group Jackie saw Mike produce something from his pockets and quickly show it to the others. She recognise her knickers and then she saw Sam take a similar item from his pocket and could almost hear the laughter as they compared their prizes. Jackie suddenly realised that Sue had had sex this morning and she could feel her temper, irrationally, beginning to flare again. She looked at Sue and resisted the urge launch herself at her. Instead she got slowly to her feet and as calmly as she could she walked across to join the boys Sue got up and followed her.

"What have you lot been talking about?" said Jackie sitting down and brushing off her knees looking directly at Mike.

"Nothin' much," said Mike looking at each of the boys in turn and smirking, "bit of football; bit of this and that."

"Football's boring," she said wriggling her wet toes, "tell me about the 'this and that.'"

"Oh, you know," said Mike looking for a bit of inspiration, "nothing much, bloke stuff really."

"Did my knickers have anything to do with it?" she asked. Sue looked shocked and tied to interject but Jackie ignored her. Mike looked suitably lost for an answer. "Well did they?" Jackie insisted. Mike shrugged noncommittally but Jackie quickly reached across into his pocket and pulled them out. "I see they did," said Jackie shaking them open and calmly inspecting them.

Sue looked on in shock "Are they yours?" She asked. "What's he doing with them?" 

Jackie calmly laid the knickers across her knees. "I gave them to him," she replied.

"What?" Sue spluttered, losing her grip on the conversation, "what for?"

"Because he asked for them of course," Jackie explained patiently like you would to a slightly backward child. The boys watched the exchange with growing interest, they were enjoying this unexpected turn of events. Jackie was obviously directing events and was not in a mood to be hassled by her sister. Sue was quickly losing control as the conversation seemed to be getting away from her.

"What the hell does that mean?" Sue stuttered, Jackie's answer seeming more bizarre than expected, "'because he asked for them'? Do you always give your knickers to anyone who asks for them?"

"Depends on who asks," Jackie replied with a casualness that left Sue speechless. The smile suddenly fled Jackie's face and she spun to square up to Sue. "Anyway, you've some bloody need to talk haven't you?"

Sue recoiled from the sudden attack; she knew Jackie too well and recognised that when she flared up like this she was dangerous and wasn't to be messed with.

"What do you mean?" Sue asked defensively, not sure where this was going and not sure she wanted to pursue it in front of an audience.

"What do you mean?" Jackie mimicked, "I said that you've some bloody need to talk! At least I've got most of my underwear on!" 

Sue looked flustered and panicked, "What do you mean?"

Jackie rounded on her. "I'll bet that you don't even have any underwear on do you?" she shouted. "Well it's obvious that you're not wearing a bra for a start, your nipples are standing out like chapel hat pegs!"

Sue tried to cross her arms across her chest as Jackie grabbed a handful of Sue's blouse and yanked it up. The boys caught sight of bare skin. Sue yelled and tried to pull the blouse down again but Jackie hung on to it trying, to pull it up and over Sue's head.

"Let go of me!" Sue shouted trying to roll away, "what the hell do you think you're doing?"

Jackie was not listening; her blood was up and like a feral cat, in one movement she was astride her sister. Sue was no match for Jackie in this mood. With one hand she held Sue's arms above her head and with the other she kept on trying to pull her blouse up and over her sister's breasts.

Roy reached over and taking hold of Sue's hands said to Jackie, "May I help?' and he pinned Sue's arms above her head.  Jackie nodded breathlessly and quickly used both hands to finally pull Sue's blouse up to her chin and expose both her breasts. Sue, who had been yelling for Jackie to stop, became suddenly deathly quiet. Jackie knelt astride her sister, looking down at her victoriously, both girls gasping for breath.

Looking down at Sue's heaving breasts as though seeing them for the first time Jackie suddenly thought how beautiful her sister looked; bare breasted, tousled and vulnerable. She stared at her naked breasts for some time and then, as if reaching a decision, she quickly looked up at us. "See," she said as though Sue's naked breasts justified her actions, "no bra".

"We know," said Dave and from his pocket he produced Sue's bra. Sue now watched the events unfolding almost impassively. 

Jackie smiled in vindication. "I knew it!" she said. She jiggled Sue's breasts. "You tart," she said, "I knew they'd had you." She looked around, "What else have you got?" 

Sam pulled Sue's knickers from his pocket and held them out for Jackie to see. Without getting off her sister Jackie half turned and reached back and pulled Sue's skirt up to her waist. Sue lay quietly as her sister exposed her, not even crossing her legs or attempting to hide herself from everyone's eyes. Jackie looked at the boys again, "So who's had her?"

"We all have," said Dave.

"What? Together?" Jackie she asked in surprise, "All at the same time?" Dave nodded and Jackie looked back down at Sue lying quietly under her. "Well you little tart!" she said affectionately, swinging her hips, making Sue's breasts rock again, "you kept that well hidden didn't you?" 

Sue never answered but just stared back impassively at her younger sister who held her captive, spread out and exposed. Jackie was calming down but the residue of her anger still held sway. 

Jackie looked up, "I want to see," she said suddenly.

Sue looked startled, "What?" 

"I want to see what you do to her" she said, addressing the boys and ignoring Sue who was beginning to squirm again, unhappy with the course events were taking.

Mike looked around and smiled. "I told you she was a wild one," he mouthed quietly.

As the full import of Jackie's words hit her Sue suddenly started began to shout and struggle. Dave leaned forward and placed his hand across her mouth and Sam held her legs. "Are you sure?" Sam asked and Jackie nodded, slightly unsure but now committed. 

She wanted to humiliate Sue for not telling her what had been happening, for not talking to her; and the wrestling had turned her on slightly, knowledge of Sue's sexual activities and the sight of her nearly naked beneath her, surrounded by four very healthy and excited young males, were all having an effect on her. Jackie wanted her revenge, wanted to see Sue humiliated.  

Sue shook her head violently from side to side and we could all hear her muffled protestations. Mike leaned forward and lifted Jackie off her sister, sitting her down beside him and pulling her back almost protectively into his chest. Sam moved up and sat across Sue's legs, she was struggling violently but Roy and Sam held her firmly. 

Jackie looked at her sister, held down on the grass and her resolve wavered, her anger finally faded to be replaced by curiosity, a slow burning sexual excitement. She was torn between stopping it going any further and wanting to watch her sister being taken. "Wait!" she said suddenly and pushed herself away from Mike. 

She knelt alongside her sister and gently placed her hand on her breast. "I've never seen you like this before," she said to Sue who suddenly lay quiet, looking up at her "I've seen you naked of course, thousands of times," she continued to stroke her breast, "but not like this" she said "never like this."  She looked down the length of her sisters near naked body and then at the eager faces of the boys who were holding her down. "Not like this," she said again and took one of Sue's already erect nipples in her fingers, "You look different today, sexy," Jackie shook her head, "not the same at all." 

Jackie leaned forward and brushed the hair from Sue's face and then began to unbutton Sue's blouse.  "Mum will kill you if you tear this," she said and gently laid the blouse out on either side of her sister's prostrate form. She smoothed it out as flat as she could get it . "There," she said, "that's better," and sat back again resting herself against the wall of Mike's chest. Sue watched her in silence, Dave's hand still across her mouth. Jackie looked around and smiled. "Go on then," she said brightly, "get on with it".

Dave took his hand away from Sue's mouth and lay down alongside her; he cupped her breast and found her nipple.  "You heard what the lady said," he whispered to Sue who closed her eyes at his touch "get on with it". Sam moved to position himself between Sue's legs and Sue opened them without resistance. He pushed her skirt up again and exposed Sue to her sister's avid gaze. 

Placing his finger at the entrance to Sue's sex he gently moved her lips apart. Jackie watched the violation of her sister intently, her eyes bright with excitement. Sue moved her hips to accommodate him as his finger slid slowly into her. Jackie licked her lips. Dave leaned forward and Sue moaned quietly as Dave took her nipple in his mouth. Sam withdrew his finger slightly and Sue's juices glistened between her legs, Jackie watched the movement intently. 

Slowly Sam completely withdrew his finger and held it up for Jackie to see. She licked her lips again and reached out, wrapping her fingers around his, feeling the slick coating that covered it. Almost in a trance she moved her fingers up and down on his finger in an unconscious parody of masturbation before reluctantly releasing his hand and leaning back against Mike.

Her eyes never left his hand as he reinserted his fingers into her sister, Sue moaned and her hips slowly rose to meet the thrust. He began an easy in and out movement with his fingers, Sue's legs opened and her hips began to move. The sound of wet fingers inside Sue was loud in the quiet concentration of the group around her. Sue's body began to move to the gentle coaxing of fingers and lips.
