 Here is Chapter 4. To the people who keep asking for the next chapter please bear with me, I am writing as fast as I can! This is basically a true story and takes some putting down on paper. All the usual disclaimers apply to this story and once again many thanks for the support and encouragement I have received from the people who read them. Thanks for your comments.

.............................

By arrangement the three of us, Dave, Sue and I, had met particularly early this morning. There was no reason to meet early except that by unspoken agreement we wanted to be together as much as possible; the discovery that we could get Sue naked on a daily basis had changed our perspectives on the way we spent our time and to be honest I don't think that we thought of much else except Sue and what lay beneath her clothes; I for one certainly wanted to spend as much time in her company, preferably undressing her, as was possible.

Sue and Dave had both arrived at the corner of the playing field before me this morning and were sitting there waiting for me, I could see them sitting together on the wall by the road as I approached. Even from the distance Sue looked great, sitting there swinging her legs, her face glowing in the early morning sun. She saw me and waved; lightly hopping down from the wall and brushing her hands down the back of her skirt. 

She turned to pick up her cardigan and I caught the outline and movement of her breast through the thin material of her blouse and immediately recognised that she was not wearing a bra today. As she turned back to face me I also thought that perhaps her blouse was open a button lower than usual and suddenly I realised what these two items meant. Tying her cardigan around her waist she looked up and smiled as I approached. 

"Another lovely morning," she said. 

I looked her up and down appreciatively, "Getting better all the time" I said and she smiled again. 

Dave smirked, "You came just in time."

"Why's that?"

"Saved the tart from a fate worse than death."

Sue paused for a moment and looked at him, "Is that going to be my name from now on? Tart?" 

Dave looked at back, "Well you are aren't you?" 

"And what fate am I saving her from?" I asked trying to defuse what looked as though it could possibly become a difficult situation. Slow as I was I realised that something was happening between them but I wasn't sure what. It would take years to realise that men were always slow on the uptake when it came to deciphering relationships.

Dave laughed and taking Sue's arm began to walk on. "You saved her from me." Sandra rolled her eyes at me in mock desperation. "I was just about to pull her over the wall and into the field." He swung her around to face him and with one finger he pulled the neck of her blouse away and looking down the front he said "Hmmm, that looks interesting, can't see a bra." He looked up into her eyes and smiled, "Still thinking about it."

"Guess I did come just in time then," I said catching up with them and taking hold of Sue's other arm and swinging her away, "she wouldn't want to be lumbered with a prat like you when I'm available." 

Sue looked from one to the other, "Spoilt for choice now" she smiled. 

"You don't have to choose," I said, "you can have both of us."

"Oh good," she said obviously pleased by the idea.

..............................................................................................

Our walk took us on a wide an circuitous route out of the village and up past the local colliery on into 'Silverwood' woods, so called because the woods comprised of silver birches with their distinctive grey/white bark. I think our eventual aim was towards the reservoir but that was still some distance away. 

In the early morning the woods were cool and inviting, not yet coloured and dusted from the heat of the sun and we horsed around and shouted and sang snippets of pop songs as we walked. The paths were broad and well trodden and the woods, although overgrown to waist height, were light and relatively open. 

Later these woods would be buzzing with kids but for the time being we had them to ourselves. We knew these woods like the back of our hands and almost automatically our feet took us, via various twists and turns, to the top of the old quarry. As we had grown up this old quarry had been many things to us and our imaginations from moon craters to battlefields and from the top it still provided the best views of the countryside for miles around. 

The last few hundred yards to the edge of the quarry was steep and overgrown which made access difficult and almost guaranteed a reasonable degree of privacy and judging by the difficulties we had in making our way through the last yards of undergrowth to the top even fewer people than I remembered seemed to come here anymore. Yet the views when we finally broke out into the open were breathtaking. 

"I haven't been here in ages" said Sue. 

"Me neither" I said "what a view!" 

"Fantastic," agreed Dave. 

The wood behind us had opened out onto a narrow swathe of grass that ran along the top edge of the quarry. From this grassy lip the quarry fell away in front of us in an almost sheer drop to the rock strewn, overgrown floor some 100 feet below. "You can see for miles" said Sue. The sunlight glinted on glass somewhere off in the distance. "All those hundreds of people out there all doing their own things, going their own ways."

"Perhaps going off to strange, exotic places" I joined.

"If you could be anywhere where would you be right now?" Dave asked.

Sue looked at him. "Anywhere in the world?" 

"Anywhere."

She seemed to consider the question for a while and then she looked up at Dave and burst out laughing. "Look at you! You look so sorry for yourself! She threw her arms around his neck and pressed her face to his. "I wouldn't want to be anywhere except here you stupid bugger!" 

Dave looked sheepishly reassured and began to grin, "You sure?" he asked nevertheless. 

Sue rubbed noses, "I am where I want to be. You two are my closest, best ever friends and I love being with you both. This is where I choose to be!"" 

I moved up behind her and put my arms around the both of them. "Is this a private party or can anyone join in?"

"It's certainly not private," she said, "look around you; this is about as public as it gets but feel free to join in; two's company but three's even better!" Dave laughed and face to face, pulled her to him. I moved closer and Sue was sandwiched between us. She smiled "this is getting cosy" she said. 

"I think we are back to being a private party," said Dave.

Sue cuddled closer into him and rested her head on his shoulder. "This is not like the parties that I usually get invited to." I moved back a little and ran my hands down her sides and rested them on her hips. 

"Why? What's different?" I asked. 

Sue did not move. "Everything." She whispered. 

I reached around between them and untied the cardigan at her waist and dropped it on the floor beside us. Sue lifted her head slightly and looked at Dave before she laid her head back on his shoulder. 

Dave kissed her gently on her cheek, "I think you may be a little overdressed for our little party don't you think?" He said. Sue faintly shrugged her shoulders. I knelt down behind her and ran my hands up the outside of her legs under her skirt. I heard a very small and almost startled "Oh!" 

I stood up, bunching her skirt up over my wrists as my hands travelled up towards her waist, slowly exposing more and more of her legs. She never moved. As I watched her school regulation grey cotton knickers came slowly into view. My hands moved over her bottom in a soft caress and I felt her cheeks tense slightly to the touch. 

"School knickers?" I asked. 

Dave's eyebrows rose slightly, "Really? God, but I do find school knickers sexy. Don't you?" He asked me over her shoulder. 

I found the waistband of her knickers and moved my hands inside, cupping her smooth round cheeks. "I think that what's inside is more exciting." 

Dave shrugged, "Can't disagree with that." 

I moved my hands to her hips and slowly eased her knickers down over her hips. "I do think that you could be a little overdressed for this particular party" I said quietly. "What do you think?" Sue did not answer but kept her head on Dave's shoulder. My fingers slid inside the knickers and pushed down. "I think we can dispense with these," I said easing them clear of the swell of her hips. 

Once clear they slid slowly down her legs and pooled around her ankles. My hands explored the fullness of her bottom before travelling down over the back of her thighs and then back up and onto her waist, lifting her skirt to expose her now naked rear.  

Dave looked at the smile on my face, "Good view?" he asked. 

"Better than the one you are looking at," I said, nodding my head in the direction of the view away over the quarry. 

I saw Sue smile, "It's a bit of a public viewing at the moment. Parts of me feel a little exposed." 

Dave laughed. "This is just about the most exposed place for miles. And probably just about the most private. No one can see us from either side and there's no-one in front of us for miles!" Sue looked doubtful and glanced out over the view. "Look on the bright side," said Dave, "If anyone is watching they've already seen what you've got to show."

"And," I carried on, "they have had a better view than they ever expected." I stepped closer and moulded my hands around her arse. "There, no one can see anything now." 

My hands explored her flesh, separating the globes of her beautiful bottom, my fingers moving down the crack between them. Sue sighed. 

Dave stepped back a little, "I think it's about time we gave them something else to look at" he said and began to play with the top button on her blouse. Sue stood stock still between us, her skirt bunched up at the back and her knickers pooled around her ankles while Dave slowly and deliberately unbuttoned her blouse. 

Dave quietly worked his way down the buttons, stopping between each one to touch the newly exposed skin. He finally undid the last button and paused for a moment as if collecting his thoughts. Reaching under the blouse he slowly peeled the material back on both sides, leaving her breasts bare. Dave let his hands fall to his sides and just stood there, his eyes travelling from her breasts to her face and then back again. Sue raised her chin slightly almost as in defiance of her growing nakedness. 

"No bra. I noticed that earlier. Now that's a sight worth seeing" he said, almost to himself. 

"I'm pleased that I please you" she said quietly.

"You left the bra off for us didn't you? To make it easier for us to get you naked." He reached out and touched her nipple and Sue shivered. "You are a tart. Beautiful but a tart." 

Sue looked down at his hand on her naked breast and looked back at him. "It's in my skirt pocket. Tell me you don't like it."

Glyn smiled and took hold of her nipple making her gasp, "You know I like it" he said.

"Good" she smiled.

I moved closer in behind her, keeping the back of her skirt raised by the press of our bodies. I reached around and slowly, an inch at a time, gathered the front of her skirt up into my hands. 

"I'm about to improve your view," I said to Dave. 

He stepped back a little and watched as her skirt rose slowly at the front, exposing first her thighs and then the first wisps of hair as her pubis came into view. His eyes ollowed the rising hemline, "Absolutely the best view in the world" he said and reached forward to lightly brush the soft down on her stomach. 

I let the skirt fall and Dave looked up in surprise. "No touching yet," I said and felt for the waistband of the skirt. In one movement I pushed the skirt down over her hips and let it fall. Apart from a quick intake of breath Sue never moved, she stood like a mannequin, her clothes bunched around her ankles, allowing us to expose and undress her at will. "Est voila!" I said with a flourish, "How is that for a view?"

"Wonderful!" He said quietly. I reached between her arms and pulled her blouse back off her shoulders. The action thrust her breasts forward. 

"Any better?" I asked. 

Dave smiled, "Actually the view couldn't get any better. Trust me." I reached around from behind and cupped her breasts. 

"Just covering them up in case anyone is watching?" asked Dave. 

I found her nipples and squeezed gently. Sue leaned back into me. Dave stepped back up close, facing her. He watched her face as my hands fondled her breasts and nipples from behind. 

"You do get naked easily don't you?" he asked. He placed his hand between her legs and I felt her move her stance to allow his hand easier access. He looked down, 

"You've not even had time to get your feet out of your clothes yet have you? You must be really eager to let us have you." 

He suddenly bent down out of sight and I felt Sue shuffle slightly and then he reappeared and he held her knickers up. He rubbed his fingers in the crotch. 

"They're really wet," he said showing them to us. "You have been looking forward to this haven't you?" 

Sue didn't answer; she never did when confronted directly by her desires. I saw him reach between her legs again and felt Sue stiffen slightly, a slight exhalation of breath as his fingers found their way. 

He watched her face, "And you are very wet already." 

Sue just stood and let him touch her, put his fingers inside her, she never made a sound. 

"You don't care now who can see us do you? You just want us to keep on doing this." 

I couldn't see what he was doing but I felt Sue stiffen again as his hand moved between her legs. I held her breasts without moving, just lightly stroking her nipples between finger and thumb. Dave moved even closer and then leaned forward and kissed her on her lips, a deep, lingering kiss which Sue only half returned. She broke the kiss first and Dave smiled. All the while his hand continued to move. 

"I'm only using one finger," he said to her. "Is it getting to you?" 

Sue didn't answer. He moved slightly and Sue changed her stance a little to accommodate the new arrangement of hand and fingers. They were standing nose to nose. Dave had her full attention. 

"That's better," he said, "I can feel all of you now." 

He placed his other hand on her hip to steady himself as his hand continued to move between her legs. 

"Is he touching your breasts? Does it feel good?" Sue didn't answer. "And I\ve got my fingers inside you. We've got ourselves a Sue sandwich. A naked Sue sandwich." His voice was slow and slightly mocking; Sue continued to stare back into his eyes without moving. "How about what I'm doing? Does it feel good? Is it going to make you come?" 

He stopped for a moment and held up his glistening fingers, "It seems to be working doesn't it? Look at my fingers. You're getting wetter." He gave her chance to look and then he placed his hand back between her legs. Sue grunted softly as he reinserted his finger. 

"I think you're going to come," he said, "shall I use two fingers or are you going to come with just one?" 

I could feel her nipples hardening as Dave moved his hand between her legs again. She moaned a little although she was obviously trying not to give Dave the satisfaction of moving. 

"Ah," he said, picking up on the slight noise, "so you do prefer two fingers; I thought you did." 

They continued to stand nose to nose as Dave worked his hand slowly between her legs. The silence began to stretch. Her nipples were rock hard and I could feel her legs begin to tremble slightly. The corners of Dave's mouth lifted slightly in a half smile. 

"How about I do this?" he said and while I could not see what he was doing Sue suddenly buckled at the knees. 

I caught her as she slumped forward on to his hand and held her upright again. She tried to move her hands to grab at the hand between her legs but I held them back. Dave moved closer still until their faces were touching, his fingers moving all the time between her legs. He moved his face slightly and ran his tongue along her lips. She tried to move her head back but there was no room. She was held between us. His hand continued to move between her legs and I could feel her tremble at his touch. He kissed her again and this time she returned the kiss more passionately. 

"Got you," he said with a slight sneer, "you are going to come for us now." 

Holding her from behind I was half restraining, half supporting her. Her legs were slowly beginning to buckle as Dave moved his hands purposefully between them. 

"Come on Sue," he urged quietly as her trembling increased, "you know you want to come." 

Her breathing grew laboured and she rested her head against him. He kissed her again and returned the kiss passionately.

"Just let go and give in to it," he coaxed, "it's easier just to come." 

She began to shake and I took her full weight as she slumped forward. 

"Come onto my fingers for me. You are so wet down here, you're running all over my hand! You are desperate to come; just let yourself go and let it happen." 

Sue clamped her lips together and stifled and cry as Dave continued to methodically move between her legs. 

"Give in Sue," he continued to urge, "Just come for us. Just come onto my hand." 

Sue began to buck as the hand between her legs drove her closer to the edge. 

"Just come; just give in and come for us, that's all you have to do, it's so easy, just come." 

Suddenly Sue threw her head back and cried out; her legs buckled completely even as she tried to open them wider. I held her upright as she came. Dave lifted her face with his free hand to watch her as he continued to work his fingers inside her. She shuddered and cried out as spasm after spasm wracked through her. I slowly let her down and Dave followed her to the ground, his fingers still deeply embedded within her. 

I lay her down and knelt beside her as the last of her climax shuddered through her body. I looked between her legs and saw the moisture glistening on her inner thighs; Dave's hand was still moving deep between her open legs. I took her limp arms and held them by the wrist above her head. 

Sue opened her eyes, "No more," she said weakly, "Give me a rest. That was too intense." 

"Just one more," I said watching Dave's hand continue to move slowly between her open legs. I caressed her breasts with my free hand. 

"Oh God," said Sue quietly. 

"Just one more," I said again and Sue closed her eyes. 

Our hands moved over and in her, leisurely and deliberately touching her most intimate areas, slowly coaxing a response from her limp body; and respond she did. Quietly her tired, wonderful, body began to move under our hands, following our fingers and sensations they created; her skin, soft and smooth, dimpling to the passage of our hands and lips. Her excitement grew, her hips rising with her passion as our fingers probed and explored her. Finally we drew the climax from her and with a cry she arched her back and trembled in the bright sunlight as the passion overtook her. 

As the climax slowly ebbed she sank back onto the grass and lay quietly. Dave gathered her clothing together and sat beside her. Her blouse was crumpled around her shoulders and Dave straightened it as she lay there unmoving. He pulled a packet of cigarettes from his pocket. Leaning over her recumbent body he held the pack out to me. I shook my head. He took one for himself and lit up and we sat in the sunshine and admired the view.

Eventually Sue opened her eyes. She looked around and pulled her blouse across her breasts. We sat quietly for some time and watched her until Sue eventually turned over and reached passed Dave for her clothes. We thought for a moment that she was going to get dressed but she rolled cardigan and knickers into a ball and put them behind her head as a pillow. Sitting up she quickly shuffled her skirt over her feet and pulled it up before again laying down and closing her eyes. 
