 Author's Note - This is my first story to be published in parts. Currently planned as 4 chapters. As always, interested in any feedback.

*****

The taxi pulled up to the house, and I nervously dug into my wallet for cash. Anna started to do the same, but I stopped her, "You're our guest tonight. This is on me."

We got out of the same side of the cab onto the sidewalk and began walking toward the front door. Anna reached down quickly, caught my hand and gave it a squeeze.

Turning to face her a few steps from the door, she gave me another quick kiss and said, "I'm really excited about this. I've thought about this for a long time, and the fact that you suggested it is almost too good to believe." With a deep breath she added, "But, I understand that neither of you has done this before either, and it might be uncomfortable at times. Remember, our code word is 'Merlot' if at any time we need to take a step back, ok?"

I nodded.

"If it works, great. If not, we'll have something to laugh at the next time we meet for dinner." She playfully reached down and gave my ass a squeeze through my dress, "Now, let's go and have some fun. I can't wait to see the expression on your husband's face when he figures out what we have planned!"

Opening the front door, I could see the man of the hour standing in the kitchen, knife in hand at the cutting board, a bottle of my favourite scotch in front of him.

"Come on in ladies!" he called from the other room. "Can I interest you in a bit of Penicillin?"

Anna looked at me a bit confusedly. "It's a cocktail - scotch, ginger and a couple other things." she nodded, "It's what he makes me when he wants to get me a bit drunk and take advantage of me. I'm not sure why he still thinks that's necessary, but I always appreciate the sentiment."

Watching him muddle the ginger as we walked through the hallway toward the kitchen, my brain was on fire with what to say or do next. Part of me wanted to run, jump in his arms and scream "Threesome!" Another part of me wanted to turn to Anna and yell "Merlot." In the end, I simply walked up to him, put my hand on the back of his head in much the same way I did to Anna 15 minutes ago. At this, he leaned over and kissed me. His intentions were not quite the same as mine, so I had to prevent him from pulling away so that I could kiss him hard and ensure that he understood how hot I was right now. Chances are he would have no idea why - at least for a few more minutes anyway.

And indeed, for a moment, he seemed surprised that I was so forceful (and obviously horny) with Anna only a couple of steps away. However, he quickly surrendered his hesitation and returned my kiss with a similar passion. When he pulled away, the look in his eyes said that he understood that I wanted to fuck him, and soon. The furrow on his brow however, showed his confusion - I obviously wanted him, but I had also invited a guest over. The two things were not fitting together for him. At least, not yet.

Leaving him to muddle his confusion, I lead Anna out through the open patio doors onto the deck. Our outdoor furniture consisted of three wicker pieces with large overstuffed cushions - two arm chairs, and a two-person couch. I pointed Anna to the couch and sat down next to her.

Knowing that we were coming, the deck was set for our arrival. Candles lit on the table, deck lights on low, music playing through the outdoor speaker. My husband, good boyscout that he is, was always prepared for everything, and he'd obviously done this for Anna and me. 

I smiled thinking that we were about to see exactly how prepared for anything he actually was.

Not feeling that I could kiss Anna again until my husband had at least some idea what was going on, I simply reached down to squeeze her hand and smiled at her.

Mercifully, we didn't need to wait long before my husband joined us, two drinks in his hands that he handed to us. 

"What about yours?" Anna asked.

"Right in here," he replied, walking back in to pick up his drink, a decidedly different colour than ours. Probably something bourbon, a Manhattan perhaps, but I was too distracted to ask.

"You're coming to sit with us, aren't you?" I called back into the kitchen.

"If you don't mind the company, absolutely!" he said, the deep timbre of his voice making my insides shiver. Was I really brave enough to go through with this?

Sitting down with his drink in the chair across from where we sat on the couch he asked, "So, what was the topic of conversation at dinner tonight?" 

Anna nearly spat out her drink.

Seeing an opportunity, I stepped in, "Well, actually - we had an very interesting conversation about some of our preferences when it comes to oral sex."

Miraculously, he kept a straight face. "Well...I would love to hear more about THAT conversation!"

"Sure...just ask." I said, smiling and very curious to see how daring he would be.

"Well, first of all, you have to narrow that down a bit." He locked eyes with me for a moment, then Anna for a moment before looking back at me and continuing, "Are we talking about blowjobs or eating pussy?"

Alright then. He was decidedly more forward then I expected. A good sign.

Anna had now recovered a bit, "We did talk about both." she explained, which was more or less true. "The pussy eating conversation wasn't very controversial given that we both love having a skilled tongue between our legs."

I shifted uncomfortably at the blunt, provocative language.

"The more interesting discussion was our differing preferences when it comes to blowjobs." Anna stopped there and took a sip of her drink.

Struggling to figure out exactly where this was going, my husband prodded Anna to continue, "And where do you two differ in your preferences exactly?"

"Well, for example, I learned tonight that while I prefer a man to cum in my mouth, your wife prefers when you pull out and cum on her face or her chest instead." She paused briefly and I saw the complete shock on my husband's face at her very graphic (and accurate) comment. That kind of detail was obviously something I had shared with her, and far more personal than he was accustomed to me talking about with, well, anyone.

After a sip of his drink, he struggled for a response until coming up with, "Holy cow, girls nights out are way more interesting that I assumed!"

Catching his breath and having another drink, he was obviously trying to keep up in terms of the provocative nature of the conversation, "And what other sexual notes did you two exchange this evening."

Now I saw my chance.

"Actually, there was one part of the conversation that was even MORE interesting." I said, and both Anna and my husband turned their heads and leaned in toward me, thoroughly intrigued by what I might say next. "The even more interesting part was when Anna and I realized that both of us have been fantasizing for years about a threesome, but neither of us has ever done it."

There it was. It was out there.

I could see the look on his face that very clearly said "Are you actually talking about what I think you're talking about?" Not wanting to assume too quickly in case he was off track, he continued to play along, "Well, that makes three of us I suppose." 

Pausing now, he looked at me, as if to try and understand whether he was truly reading the situation properly. "We've definitely talked about it more than a few times," he said and nodded to me again. 

Nervously wanting to fill the silence, he continued, "Oddly, it's never been something I've had enough of an urge to do to actually initiate it," he said, confirming to Anna the perspective I told her about earlier. "But, I will say that if presented with the right opportunity, I don't think I'd say no."

Locking eyes with the love of my life, I set my drink down on the table, got up from my chair and walked over to his seat. Putting one knee on the seat next to his leg, I leaned in and gave him a kiss unlike anything I've ever done before. We often say that every kiss has a message, and this one had many - 

"I want you, Now!"

"I love you!" 

And most importantly, "Let's do this - together!"

Leaning over him, we continued to kiss passionately, and I slid my hands between his legs. Perhaps it should not have surprised me to feel his hard-on bulging in his jeans.

Not entirely aware of my surroundings, I was slightly startled when my husbands chair rocked slightly, which I realized was from Anna. She had also put a knee next to my husband's leg and was leaning over in much the same way I was. I pulled back from the kiss and turned to her. We smiled at each other conspiratorially for a moment before I kissed her, with a fervor not unlike the kiss I'd just given my husband.

If he had any doubts from the conversation, this certainly made it clear to him what was happening. Here we were, him seated on the deck, and Anna and I making out furiously not six inches in front of his face. I'm sure that he could see our tongues as we explored each other's mouths fully. The prior kisses of the evening had been tentative in comparison, their tone being 'this might happen'. This one was different; this one said, 'This IS happening!'

I nearly forgot that my husband was there for a moment as my head spun.

After watching us make out in front of him for a minute or two, I saw him put one hand on the back of each of our heads. With a gentle grab of my hair, he pulled me away from Anna and gave me a brief, aggressive kiss, tongue deep and probing. Still grabbing my hair, he eased me back, turned and much to my shock pulled Anna in and gave her a similar deep tongue-heavy kiss.

I've never seen my husband kiss another woman. In fact, I'm pretty sure that he hasn't kissed another woman since the day we met. Seeing him do so now, with a passion that for years had been reserved only for me caused a brief surge of jealousy. Again, the word 'Merlot' came into my head, but I resisted. This was my idea after all, and after than moment of jealousy, it was replaced with an indescribable lust unlike anything I was familiar with. I truly, genuinely wanted to see him fuck Anna.

After his kiss with Anna ended, the three of us sort of stared at each other for a moment, as if each of us was assessing if everyone else was truly on the same page. 

We were.

Looking first at Anna, I reached over and took her hand in mine. Looking back at my husband, reclined in his chair, I watched his face as I placed Anna's hand on his crotch and she felt the shape of his hard-on under his jeans. I sensed a tiny bit of fear in his eyes, but I also saw that fear completely overwhelmed by the feeling of another woman tracing the sides of his erection through his pants.

After watching Anna tease my husband with her hand briefly, I motioned for both of us to move back from the chair, and kneel on the deck in front of it. At the same time, I put my hand under his butt, and with a lifting motion indicated that he was to stand up. Who was he to say no to any directions I gave at this point?

In unison, Anna and I went after his jeans. She went for the belt, I went for the zipper, and between the two of us we quickly had his jeans and boxers in a bunch around his ankles. Very pleased with ourselves, Anna and I smiled at each other again, the only difference this time was a straining erection between us.

I reached over and pulled Anna's head in for a kiss again, but this time, there was a penis between our mouths when they met. My husband gasped audibly as both of our mouths, lips and tongues began our voracious exploration. My mouth on one side of his cock, I slid my tongue back and forth along the underside, occasionally bumping into Anna's tongue doing the same. Our eyes smiled at each other across my husband's cock.

Not really being sure how to share, Anna took the initiative, grabbing his cock, pointing it toward her and engulfing nearly all of it in one wet gulp. I watched as her nose pushed forward until it touched his abdomen. Up until that moment, I thought that my ability to deep-throat my husband was a unique skill, but apparently not.

While she had him buried to the hilt in her mouth, I could see her jaw moving slightly indicating that she was applying a lot of tongue action at the same time. Torn between watching and participating, I leaned over and sucked gently on one of his balls, licking with my tongue and reaching underneath with my free hand, applying light pressure to that spot between his testes and ass that he likes so much.

Anna moved from deep throating to bobbing her head up and down as I continued to tongue his balls. Feeling them begin to rise, I realized that it shouldn't be a surprise that any hot-blooded male could not withstand this kind of attention for long. He had a hand on each of our shoulders, in part to encourage us, but largely to make sure he didn't lose his balance as his pleasure continued to mount.

I leaned back slightly, nudged Anna slightly and gave a pull on my husband's dick, "My turn!" 

With Anna's hand still wrapped around the base, I proceeded to lavish my attention on the head and that extra-sensitive part underneath. Moving my head up and down slightly, I added suction and heard a gasp that meant that an orgasm was imminent.

Pulling back, I turned his cock toward Anna again and she dove in with abandon. While she didn't know my man in this way, she had been with enough men that she must have been able to tell that he was going to cum very soon. She looked sideways at me with half his cock in her mouth and winked. Oddly, I knew what she had in mind.

As she continued to bob her head up and down furiously, I added my hand to the action. Stroking up and down in time with her mouth, I knew that we had only moments to go.

Increasing the tightness of my grip, I heard a grunt from above us as Anna pulled her head back slightly so that just the head was in her mouth. I could see her tongue tickling the underside of his penis when his entire body stiffened.

Anna's eyes suddenly sprang open as my husband's cum shot into her mouth, seemingly catching her by surprise. This was my cue. After this first shot, I pulled his penis away from her and lowered my head slightly. She leaned back slightly to get out of the way for what we both knew was coming next. And indeed, I was rewarded with several jets of cum across my chin, my lips, my cheeks and at least one tracing a line over my forehead and into my hair.

Once the pulses of cum had nearly ceased, Anna leaned in again and took his still stiff member in his mouth, her cheeks indicating how hard she was sucking every last drop of cum out of him.

As Anna continued to hold his cock in her mouth, I looked up at my husband and smiled at the look of amazement on his face. It couldn't have been 15 minutes since we walked in the door, and here he was with two beautiful women swallowing or wearing his cum. If this wasn't his number one fantasy in life before, I'm guessing that we may have just changed his mind.

Tapping Anna on the shoulder, we both released his penis and stood up in front of him. Anna leaned forward to give me a little kiss that was more focused on licking the cum off of my lips than anything else.

Turning toward my husband, I reached down and squeezed his still hard cock. "Now that you understand what we had in mind for tonight, why don't we head upstairs. You have got two pussies to please tonight after all."

With his cock firmly grasped in one hand, and Anna's hand in the other, the three of us headed inside toward the bedroom to continue our evening.