 Chapter 19: The Church Hall Pt2

Sue jerked as she registered the slap on her bum, before she felt Steve scuttle away. Slowly she sagged forward, her legs shaking, her endurance suddenly nearing its end. With Steve gone Sue waited for Chris to resume his sexual predations, his assault up on her body. She was expecting it, standing meekly as they had left her, the good soldier, tired but obedient and now well trained with her legs wide open, her shirt pushed up onto her chest and her breasts exposed, her nipples hard and erect. But the expected renewal of his furtive seduction didn't happen immediately; he just sat quietly, looking at her almost naked body displayed before him, biding his time. His silence intimidated her, she could feel his eyes on her, his gaze hardening her nipples like fingers, caressing her sex and making her even moister. She shuffled her weight from leg to leg in anticipation; waiting for him to make the move that she knew must come. 

Slowly, almost in slow motion, he reached up and pushed her shirt higher up and off her breasts completely, balling it above her breasts, taking his time, tucking the material in tightly so that it could not fall down and spoil his view. Sue swallowed nervously; Chris's constraint was unnerving, 

Reaching forward he cupped the underside of a hanging breast and she started, the renewed sexual contact making her jump. His hand moulded itself around the soft shape, cupping it, feeling its weight and texture. He gently rolled her nipple between his thumb and forefinger; a subtle, dangerous, sensuous attack in the dark shadows below the stage. His thumbing of her nipple immediately had its effect on her, creating a warm and constricting pressure in her chest and in response she groaned softly into her folded arms. He squeezed her breast gently, caressing her sensuously, holding her like a lover, not like a piece of butcher's meat as Steve had. His hand milked her breast, softly squeezing, his hand moving from the wide base of her breast to her nipple, elongating it, drawing it down to where he was hiding in the warm darkness below, where he was waiting for her, drawing her down to where she felt vulnerable, naked and accessible. 

He continued gently to milk her, his hand moving between both her hanging breasts, drawing them both alternately down, gently pulling and extending her nipples, extending her pleasure. He was unseen beneath her, only the pleasure of his hands felt, out of sight, sensual gropings in the dark. And suddenly her tired body rushed slick with sensation, as dark and forbidden as sin itself; and she sighed as his hand left her nipples and carried on down her body, moulding itself deliciously to her soft and yielding form; gliding smoothly down her flank, sliding comfortingly across her stomach before slipping gently and finally between her waiting and open legs. 

Chris's gentle seduction was devastating, he was sweeping all resistance, all thought, away with every touch. His hands were irresistible and Sue could feel her thoughts slowly fragmenting as his fingers travelled the length of her sex. Her unseen assailant, her unseen lover, was moving with consummate grace between her legs; touching, feeling, seeking her out, intimately pleasuring her as he passed. And she shook as the strength of her feelings overwhelmed her. His fingers captured her wetness, spreading it slickly down the inside of her thighs. He was savouring her and he could feel that she was melting, succumbing to this slow and gentle seduction. 

As his hand captivated her senses, drawing fire from her nipples and her sex, so her fear of discovery slowly receded in proportion to her growing desire. The warmth of his hand on her body, his fingers in her sex were gently overcoming her fading common sense. The Vicar had so far, uncharacteristically, remained in his seat and had not tried to join the girls and so her ordeal by pleasure was allowed to continue without being discovered. 'Dam the bloody man!' she suddenly flared as he sat, solid as a lump of clay, in the middle of the hall. Why couldn't he just leave so she could either lay down and fuck or stand and fight the man who had undressed her in the darkness below, the man who now had his fingers inside her.

She stifled a gasp and her eyes widened as she felt Chris's lips close on her nipple, his head hard up against the underside of the wooden floor of the stage. He suckled her deep into his mouth, creating an electrical current between the fingers in her sex and the mouth on her nipple. She began to whimper as he suckled deeper, his fingers still playing lightly between her legs. 

Chris could dimly hear her, a small moan against the backdrop of the vicar, painting the silence in the hall a dreary grey with his unending monologue. He was talking now of the good work the youth club does in giving youngsters a place to go, to keep out of trouble, speaking as if reading from the Church magazine. And Chris laughed grimly to himself as his fingers moved with a slow determination in Sue's sex. The youth club was a great place for youngsters to go he thought; he himself attended regularly, in fact he had made love to his first woman on the table in the kitchen at the back of this very hall while his mates had kept watch. He could not remember if he had let them have a go with her after he had finished with her or not, but the memory of the act itself was sweet.

As his lips drew deeply on Sue's nipple he could feel her tremble and begin to rise to her next climax. Neither the Guides nor the youth club has done much to keep this young woman out of trouble he thought as he savoured her body. He was slowly drawing her up towards another enjoyable but yet potentially disastrous climax. And this is nothing he thought, smiling to himself, to the trouble that she could find herself in as soon as the Vicar decided to leave. That is of course unless he does not leave, in which case they will all be in the very worst kind of trouble when Sue collapses, as he knew she must certainly do eventually. But there again, he thought smiling, as his fingers slid through her, no one ever said life was meant to be easy.

With his arm around her waist keeping her sex firmly centred on his fingers and his mouth on her breast Chris took Sue up to her climax; and her whole body shook as she tried to quietly crest the wave he had brought her to, her thighs and sex tightly gripping his hand, squeezing the circulation from his fingers. He was impressed at how quietly she could climax when the Vicar was watching. 'The things you can do when the Devil drives' he thought, reluctantly releasing her nipple from his mouth. He held her close as she continued to shiver through her climax, resting his head against her breasts, his hand still trapped between her legs. 

As he felt the last tremors of her climax wash through her the hand around her waist slid down to explore the tightly clenched cheeks of her arse, squeezing her cheeks like ripe plums, holding her close as he felt the tension ebb from her. Her thighs slowly relaxed their grip and he stretched his crushed fingers experimentally, feeling the sensation return. He touched her sex and she shivered again muttering quietly under her breath, he could not understand the words but he fully understood their meaning. Her sex was soaking, her moisture coating his hand and the inside of her thighs. She was spent and her knees were sagging, she was asking for time to recover. Chris laughed quietly and held her close and in response to her almost silent pleading he slipped a finger deep inside her.

His finger slid in easily and without resistance and she groaned quietly, opening her legs with a sense of weary resignation. He pushed hard and she gasped quietly and he could feel the resulting tremor through her body. He smiled as he explored her again, never tiring of the warm wet secret darkness between her legs. She moved slightly to accommodate his finger, involuntarily pushing down on him as he pushed up, impaling herself, feeling herself already beginning to rise again to the pressure of his finger inside her. Leaning forward he gently bit on her still erect nipple and he felt her vaginal muscles grip his fingers in response. Without removing his fingers from inside her he sat back and looked at her, he could afford to take his time this time, she was going nowhere. 

She began to ride him, her breasts swaying gently to the rhythm of her body on his fingers. Her nipples were engorged, shining red and wet in the light from where he had recently suckled and bit them. He watched his fingers moving between her legs; beginning the long, slow, in and out motion that he knew from experience she would be unable to resist and that would surely soon have her reaching for yet another climax. He wondered idly just how long she could continue without finally giving herself away to the Vicar, how long she could remain upright with his fingers moving so silkily and deeply between her legs. He was amazed that she had managed for this long, she was very wet and his fingers were sliding easily into her. She was extremely excited, the situation and the fear of being caught actually heightening her arousal. Her sex sucked at the edges of his fingers, her lips moulding softly around them at the end of each slow and easy stroke.

He could clearly see her clitoris standing hard and proud at the apex of her sex. It seemed to be begging to be touched, so he brushed his thumb lightly over it, fully knowing the effect it would have on her and once again Sue jumped as though she had received an electric shock, her legs buckling immediately. This time Chris was prepared and held her to stop her falling. Sue's head slumped forward onto her arms and she groaned, turning it into a cough to try to cover herself but yet again the vicar did not seemed to notice, his voice droning on like a distance soundtrack to the story that was being enacted beneath the stage.

Laughing, loving every moment, Chris moved lower, the better to watch his fingers between her legs. Now with every stroke of his fingers he gently brushed the tip of her clitoris with his thumb and Sue jumped with each passing touch, unconsciously pushing her hips forward to meet his fingers. Her juices were flowing freely as they had been for some time now, leaving glistening trails running down from his hand to his wrist. His fingers sounded perilously loud as they moved wetly inside her. The smell of her sex was intoxicating in the warm, confined space. She was working her hips down on to his fingers, her climax a hairs breadth away, driving her forward and he could feel that she desperately needed to cum. 

He also knew that at the same time she was valiantly trying to stop the climax she so desperately craved, to control the rising tide that was already beginning to engulf her. 'Please,' she whispered, the plea strained through clenched jaws. 'Please' she begged again. Whether she was imploring for him to stop or to continue he couldn't tell but they both knew that he wouldn't stop, couldn't stop; maybe after this next climax he thought working her harder; but then again, most probably not. He knew they were now dicing with almost certain death, certain exposure, but right now he just didn't care, he just wanted to see her keep cuming, to watch his fingers slide between her pink and puffy lips just one more time. 

Sue climaxed again with hardly a sound, a testament to her fortitude, to her strength of character but as she climaxed her knees sagged again and she slumped forward onto Chris so that he was forced once more to hold her up again. Turning her stifled groan into another cough and she hung her head forward, her hair falling down around her face so the Vicar would not be able to see her face burning bright red as her silent climax shook her from head to toe.

There was a moments pause before she heard the Vicar enquire solicitously, "Are you alright my dear? Would you like a glass of water?"

"No! No thanks." Sue replied quickly, her voice high and unsteady, "I'm fine, just a bit dusty down here that's all," she said indicating the supposedly empty stage space below her with a nod of her head.

Chris smile and curled his fingers inside her, he could feel the echoes of her climax still pulsing through her. The Vicar never moved, "If you are sure. No effort you know," he murmured easing his bulk around on the straining chair with obviously no intent of moving himself. Chris smiled again, it was neither dry nor dusty where he was, In fact just the opposite; Sue's juices flooded from her as she trembled above him, her legs stretched and wide open, almost straddling him, his fingers still inside her. 

A sudden movement at the corner of his eye caught his attention and Chris looked up sharply, his attention wrenched away from Sue and her sex. John and Steve were sitting at the edge of the encroaching darkness sharing a bottle of Steve's stolen beer. They were watching him intently, making silent comments to each other, watching him make Sue cum. John had obviously returned from what looked like a successful raid on the off licence and was sharing some of the booty with Steve, presumably before joining in the fun. Catching Chris's eye John raised the bottle in salute and Chris nodded in acknowledgement. The boys were applauding his achievement in almost completely undressing Sue and then making her cum under the very nose of the same Vicar who was actively searching for them at this very moment, with a distinctly possible intent of turning them over to the Police when he found them. 

Chris bowed his head casually in response, accepting the praise as his just due. John pointed the bottle at Sue and inclined his head in a question. Chris shook his head and nodded towards the also seemingly headless body of Jackie standing a few feet away desperately trying to keep the Vicar engaged in view of her sisters now almost total silence. John nodded and leaning closer, heads together, he had a few quick whispered words with Steve.

Steve nodded sagely and turned his face towards Jackie. John nodded at Chris and grabbing his crotch he thrust it forward in a sign that needed no interpretation. Placing the bottle on the floor the boys peeled away from the darkness like two wraiths materialising from the shadows. They scuttled over to where Jackie stood, her head above the stage, unsuspecting, still anxiously trying to keep the Vicar engaged. 

They split up, one on either side and then they moved in quickly like wolves. Jackie started as her legs were suddenly grabbed by two eager pairs of hands. They held her tight, Steve immediately pulling at the button at the top her skirt while John wrapped his arms around the top of her legs to keep her from moving. She fought as best she could without alarming the Vicar who fortunately had his eyes up towards the ceiling and was actually thinking about how the place needed painting and where the funds would come from rather than the rather boring conversation that he was currently involved in. 

Jackie kicked out and hit downwards with her fist but she was tightly pinned and her struggles useless. The button on her skirt immediately fell to their attack and the zip quickly followed. Together they swiftly pulled her skirt down onto her hips, laughing quietly as Jackie continued to struggle. The Vicar never noticed that all conversation had suddenly stopped. They pushed her skirt down her legs, slapping each other's shoulders with their free hands in a macho display of victory. In unison Jackie felt two pairs of hands grab at the waist of her knickers, pulling them down onto her hips. She struggled and tried to grab at them but the hand to her left took hold of her wrist and held her as her knickers were pulled unceremoniously down onto her thighs. She gasped as a hand ruffled her pubic hair, feeling for her sex and then there was a moment's pause as the boys stripped her pants down her legs. She tried to hold onto them by pressing her thighs together but they pushed her knees apart and pulled them down to her ankles. She was suddenly naked from the waist down and she could almost hear the self satisfied gloating as hands abruptly grabbed at her arse, pushing between her legs from both sides, eager for her sex.

Sensing a moment's lack of concentration as they fought between each other to get their fingers inside her she managed to half turn and she lashed out with her foot. She felt a satisfying impact with soft tissue and a small groan of pain as her assailant to the left suddenly let go of her and fell away backwards, She felt her attacker on her right lean forward to see what had happened and turning towards him she drove her knee upwards, hard and fast. The result was instantaneous and with a sound like hitting a slab of meat the attacker on her right collapsed with a small cry of pain. The hands had disappeared. Jackie coughed to cover the sudden noise but the vicar never noticed; this time he had heard the front door to the Church Hall open. 

The sound of the door opening carried through the hall and everyone froze. The scene below stage level was like the children's game where at a command everyone has to freeze in position. Steve and John were already cheating and were crawling surreptitiously away towards the darkness and safety at the back of the stage. Chris was hanging onto Sue, not willing to relinquish his hard won position, his fingers still deep inside her sex, Sue didn't care, she was almost past recognizing what was happening around her, the sexual glaze of repeated climaxes fogging her thoughts, making her slow.

The Vicars chair creaked in the silence as he turned to face the newcomer. The door from the small foyer burst open with a crash and Pat, the girl they had been expecting, exploded into the hall. She froze in mid stride, her broad smile fading as she took in the scene of the two girls at the trapdoors and the Vicar sitting in the middle of the empty hall. "Ah Pat," the Vicar rumbled, suddenly animated, "so good to see you." They could almost hear the liquid lechery in voice as he looked Pat over appreciatively. Pat's voice sounded wary as she took in the situation and quickly weighed her options.

"Hello Vicar. What are you doing here?" she asked, held in mid-step, half way between the door and the front of the stage. 

"I believe it's my Church Hall," he said depreciatingly, opening his hands to encompass the hall and all in it, emphasising his position in the hierarchy while trying to appear jovial rather than interested in the newcomer.

Seeing that the Vicars attention was now focused on Pat Jackie took the opportunity to retrieve her knickers from around her knees and she quickly pulled them back up her thighs. The Vicar was no longer interested in the girls under the stage; his entire focus was plainly on Pat who was now standing rock still, confused and unsure, halfway into the hall. She was poised for flight but could not figure out how to achieve it without giving offence, such was the Vicars presence. She looked for help but she instinctively understood that for some reason neither Jackie nor Sue were in a position to offer any. Surprisingly agile for someone his size the Vicar suddenly sprang to his feet and quickly moved towards the door, cutting off her escape and Pat realised that the opportunity for flight had passed.

Sensing his opportunity Chris slid his fingers forward through Sue's sex, searching for and finding her clitoris. He brushed his thumb, hard, over it. The effect was instantaneous, already exhausted and caught off guard Sue's legs collapsed and Chris caught her as she slid down into his arms. With his finger still inside her he eased her down to the floor. He held her there for a moment, kneeling beside her, listening intently, his nose in the air like a rat trying to sniff out danger, trying to figure out what was happening in the hall. Seeing the opportunity, still holding his crutch where Jackie had kicked him, John quickly scuttled across to kneel by Sue and without waiting to be asked and passed caring about Chris of the Vicar, he began to pull Sue's t-shirt up and over her head; determined that he was at least going to get something from this debacle.
