 Chapter 12: Peter takes Gwen

"Do you want this?" Sue asked quietly, letting Peter's penis rest in her palm. Gwen opened her eyes and looked at her, a glance of fear and lust in equal measure but she said nothing. Sue felt the monster in her hand jerk at her words and looked at Peter, his eyes were firmly fixed between Gwen's open legs. Gwen followed his gaze and then looked back at Sue. 

"Well, do you?" she said, her hand softly stroking the large shaft. Gwen looked around as if for advice but the ring of faces were unhelpful, the decision solely hers. 

"He wants you," Sue continued softly, pulling Gwen's eyes back to the erect penis now filling Sue's hand. "Peter wants you," she said and Gwen looked up at Peter, towering over her, his erect penis pointing between her open legs. Her fingers unconsciously rubbed more of his pooled semen against her skin. 

"Do you?" Gwen asked quietly. 

"If you want me to," Peter responded, the conversation suddenly excluding the others, intimate despite the crowd around them. Gwen swallowed and looked at Peter's huge penis, her indecision painful, wavering hesitantly between lust and fear.

With a gentle pressure from her hand Sue led Peter to kneel between Gwen's open thighs. In silence we watched Peter position himself between Gwen's legs, his large penis making Sue's hand look small. Peter seemed to shake slightly as he lowered himself down, his eyes fixed on Gwen. 

"Easy mate," Dave said reassuringly and Peter gratefully smiled back. Gwen tried to push herself a little more upright but Dave held her. She licked her lips and watched Peter's penis towering up between her open thighs. 

"Well?" Sue asked, still massaging Peter's penis, his foreskin rolling down and then back up under her hand, alternately exposing and then half covering the large protruding head, a sexual version of the children's game 'Bo Peep'. Peter moved forward of his own accord, spreading Gwen's legs wider, bringing his penis closer, dragging Sue along with him. I stroked Gwen's shoulder, offering reassurance and support but I could not help but notice that her nipples were hard and fiercely erect and her breasts heaving as if she were having trouble breathing, her breath coming in short excited gasps.

Sue pressed the head of his penis down and Peter leaned forward until the tip rested against the lips of her sex. Gwen cried out as though the touch had burned her and she tried to shuffle away, back up the sofa but Peter held her thighs, keeping her in place. Dave and I still held her hands. Peter leaned forward again; just a fraction and the soft pink lips of her sex opened slightly as his penis pressed up against them. Gwen closed her eyes for a moment as she felt first slight intrusion. The sensation flood through her, threatening to overwhelm her and she shook her head gently as she watched Sue lift Peter's penis, running the tip of it up between the lips of her sex until it touched her erect clitoris. Gwen cried out again, the sensation exploding between her legs arcing up through her body like an electric shock, causing her to gasp for breath. 

Gwen began to shake as a sudden realisation of the moment took her, she struggled to gain a hold of reality as alcohol and the sex clouded her reason. Peter's penis was already between her legs, between the lips of her sex; and she knew that unless she took control now he was about to push and enter her, to consummate the afternoon and their hugely accelerated relationship. She could feel Sue's hand keeping Peter's penis between her legs, keeping it pushing gently at the entrance to her sex. She could feel how unbelievably wet she was, the result of her previous climaxes and copious amounts of Peter's pre-cum. There was no resistance to his gentle insistence, she was wide open and she knew it; and she wanted him, she wanted him safely gathered inside her, filling her, stretching her beyond the limits of her reason. And she was terrified. Scared that she would show herself in front of this audience of her closest friends, that she would expose herself completely, be laid ever more bare, open to ridicule and degradation, branded a slut as she lost her reason and screamed out as she knew she would with Peter inside her butted hard up against the entrance to her womb. 

And suddenly she saw, as though she was standing naked at the top of a mountain, at the edge of a high cliff, buffeted by wind and rain, that in a thunder flash she could see her whole self laid out, bare and in stark relief; everything was suddenly clear in that bright blinding light and she knew in that moment that this is what she had been moving towards all her young life, all her sexual experiences had been leading to this moment. To be laid naked in front of her friends, to be acting like a slut in front of her friends was not just a half formed fantasy, it was the fantasy, the core of her sexuality; and she was living it now. And her heart filled her chest and tears of joy pricked her eyes as she felt the tip of Peter's penis slowly travelling the length of her sex.

We all watched, mesmerised, as Sue's hand drew Peter's penis up through the folds of Gwen's sex, her lips parted as the head of his penis passed between them, her sex opening to him, a parting of the waters. Sue suddenly sat back and took her hand away, "You're on your own now," she said decisively to Peter "your decision if you want to go any further;" and his eyes blinked uncertainly as he looked at her, trying to understand the import of her words. Peter looked down at his penis, pointed firmly at Gwen's sex, the massive head of his manhood nestling between the lips of her sex. One push, he realised and he would be inside her, making love, no longer a virgin, his first conquest. He looked up at Gwen's face; she was staring back at him. "My decision," he said, almost a question.

Gwen shook herself free of my hand and reached out, placing her palm flat against Peter's chest. "And mine," she said, her head bowed, her eyes firmly fixed on the penis that was resting against her sex. Peter rocked his hips slightly, the slight pressure transmitting itself through the raw nerve endings of her sex. In response her fingers arched against his chest, her nails scraping softly against his skin. Another slight push and her lips parted, forming themselves gently around the intruder. The soft sibilant intake of breath through Gwen's clenched teeth could be clearly heard, the only sound in the whole room. "Go on boy." I could hear myself whispering in my head, "Go on Pete, she's ready for you." Peter's hips moved almost imperceptibly and his penis moved another fraction of an inch deeper between her lips. Gwen groaned, her eyes closed, a slight sheen of sweat forming on her skin, her hand still pressed against his chest. Peter rocked his hips again and another quarter of inch of his substantial head disappeared inside her. We watched her lips expand around him as he slowly moved forward, stretching to accommodate his girth. All our eyes, all our attentions were focused between Gwen's legs, on that point of union, watching the serpent insinuate itself fraction by fraction, between her straining, glistening lips. 

The girls watched in perfect silence, even their breathing hushed, as Peter moved forward again, stretching Gwen still wider, slowly but surely forcing her open. Gwen shook her head and gripped his hips harder with her thighs as if trying to slow the ingress of the monster between her legs. Her breathing was ragged and she breathed heavily through her mouth, like a woman in labour, the sweat shining on her skin as she tried to accommodate his size. He was stretching her wider than she believed possible, her one and only sexual partner, active though he had been, had not prepared her for this. She pushed back against his chest, fingers splayed, Canute turning back the tide and Peter relented, pulling slowly back, the head of his penis withdrawing, slick and shiny with her juices, until it rested, just the very tip of him, with only the last millimetre lodged inside her 

As he retreated Gwen relaxed, her whole body easing, shedding its tension as his penis withdrew. Peter knelt between her legs, leaning easily against her outstretched hand. She flashed a faint smile at him and eased a sigh of relief. We all breathed with her, our eyes fixed upon Peter's seemingly huge penis twitching softly, forming a bridge between them, the large purple head resting against her sex shining almost angrily against the pink puffy lips which had tried and failed to accommodate him.

Gwen looked up at Peter, her eyes sad and noticeably moist, "I'm sorry," she said quietly, "I just couldn't do it; he's too big." Peter looked down and smiled understandingly, "It's OK," he said, "it's not a problem," and as he said it his hips moved forward. Gwen's eyes went wide as saucers and her mouth formed the perfect 'O' as, with one long, gentle, easy push, the huge head of his penis slid smoothly past her lips and lodged itself firmly inside her. Gwen cried out and pushed at his chest but Peter was not moving, he looked at her and smiled. "See," he said, completely the master of the situation, "where there's a will..."

There was a collective inhalation of breath as we watched Gwen's lips stretch and open, wrapping themselves around the large wet head of Peter's penis as it pushed its way inside her. The girls bit their lips in concern, trying not to wish it was them lying there, trying to control the growing moistness between their own legs. Dave and I glanced at each other and grinned inanely, acting as though our team had just won some kind of an important match. Gwen shook as her hand slid down Peter's chest, across his abdomen to finally grasp the thick shaft between her legs, the thick shaft upon which she was now impaled. She wrapped her fingers around it as if to pull it out of her, like an arrow in some old B Movie cowboy; but Peter held her by the hips, rigid, unmoving, keeping her positioned where he wanted her. Eventually her hand stopped its ineffectual attempts to push him out of her, slowly changing her grip, feeling the width and the warmth of the animal in her hand. She felt its length, from the base at his groin to the warm wetness where he entered her and her eyes travelled slowly up to meet his as she absorbed the information her fingers were passing her. Peter rocked his hips and his penis moved slightly inside her and she moaned, softly, her hand still wrapped around his shaft. Peter rocked again and she let go, lying slowly back, opening her legs wider for him, acceptance and submission.

Gwen cried out as Peter moved within her, fractional movements of his hips transmitted through her sex. A slick of sweat glistened between her breasts. We all leaned closer in, a strange parody of childbirth; all eyes were fixed between her legs, on the point of union where Peter's penis was embedded in her sex. The women made encouraging noises, touching Gwen's hand as she strained wider to try to accommodate the log between her legs, the boys muttering muted congratulations to both parties on what had been achieved so far,

Gwen was moaning now, a constant low groan that made the girls moist and the boys erect. Peter frowned in rapt concentration, eyes closed like some kind of swami as with short, slow, steady thrusts of his hips, he slowly pushed himself deeper in to Gwen. Sue moved forward so she could see better, sliding off her chair, bracing herself with a hand on my thigh. Her eyes were almost glazed with lust and awe as she watched Peter's penis slowly, inch by slow inch, disappear between Gwen's stretched lips.

Then, with a final slow thrust Peter slid his full length deep inside her. Their hips met, pubic hair joined together, bright red on black. Gwen wrapped her legs around Peters hips and with a low moan she pulled him into her, forcing him deeper, filling her completely. Peter smiled and pushed slowly down on her knees, forcing them even wider; he was in control now and he showed it. His whole demeanour had completely changed in the time it had taken him to impale Gwen. His shoulders had broadened and his eyes had suddenly taken on the confident look of a man who has recognised the power he wields, the value of what he has been blessed with. His eyes were shining, no longer the indecisive, slightly bruised look that had previously resided there. Feeling the pressure Gwen opened her eyes and looked up at him and Peter could see the wild, slightly unfocused, passion that he had kindled and he smiled. Peter had suddenly discovered the power of sex, he had come of age.

In one long slow continuous movement Peter slowly withdrew from inside her, his shaft shining in the light, slick with her juices. Gwen's mouth opened into a perfect, silent, 'O' as the glistening length of his shaft reappeared. She looked for all the world as if she were some pornographic conjurer disgorging a snake. At the end of his stroke Peter paused and smiled, the showman, the magician. He looked down at Gwen laid back on the sofa, legs wide open, his to command; at the sheen of sweat that coated her skin, the look of awe and surprise in her eyes. He looked around at our faces watching the show he was putting on, the ringmaster surveying the crowd and he smiled again, the unchallenged star of his own gala performance. 

Dave reached out and ran his hands across Gwen's chest, his fingers sliding slickly across her skin. For the first time he weighed her breasts and felt their shape and form. He rolled her nipples between his thumb and forefinger and felt her rise to his touch. Peter watched with a smile on his face, his shaft poised for the return journey. He looked down the length of her prostrate body, spread before him like a sacrifice; down between her legs where her lips stretched tightly around the head of his shaft, waiting to accept him again. He smiled and in one fluid movement he slid his shaft all the way back into her, filling her to capacity, causing her to cry out as he pushed up against the entrance to her womb. There was a hiss of inhaled breath from both Jackie and Sue, watching unashamed, wide-eyed and envious from the sides. Gwen lay back, her arms outstretched, quiescent, impaled and tamed. 

Full of confidence now Peter leaned forward and ran his hands up Gwen's body, feeling the shape of her hips and flat stomach, leaning further forward to cup her breasts, his penis still buried to its hilt inside her. Gwen shuddered as he stroked her, his hands roaming freely over her chest, between her legs, through her pubic hair, looking for and finding the hard, erect nub of her clitoris. Gwen stiffened and flexed her hips, her movement constrained by the shaft buried deep between her legs. He stroked his thumb across the sensitive head and was gratified at the response it drew from her. She reached to stay his hand but Dave and I held her, keeping her spread-eagled. Peter continued the gentle pressure on her clitoris and Gwen's hips jerked in response to each touch. Each twitch moved the penis buried deep between her legs, intensifying the sensation created by his thumb. 

Gwen began to moan again, low and deep at the back of her throat, she was skilfully being taken to her climax and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Peters thumb continued to rotate between her legs and slowly Gwen began to shake, her whole body responding to this small movement at the very tip of her sex and the shaft that was buried deep inside her, stretching her sex to the limit, filling her completely.

I saw Jackie's hand caress her own thigh for a moment before slipping almost unnoticed up under the hem of her skirt, she fumbled briefly with her underwear before I saw a small shiver of satisfaction as her fingers slid unseen into the darkness between her own legs.

Gwen trembled as her climax approached. Peter's thumb moved lightly over her clitoris, his shaft still butted up, hard inside her. She shook as his thumb robbed control of her body, robbed her of thought. She wanted to close her legs, to stop his thumb, to scream but she could achieve none of these things; her climax was already coursing through her body, rushing like a train, wiping her out, breaking her down. Then it crashed upon her and she cried out, her body suddenly rigid, taught enough to snap, her hand gripping Dave with such force that I could see his skin turning white under the pressure of her fingers. She cried out, her hips jerking in time to Peter's thumb. She thrust up against him, spread eagled and lost, still pinned by the shaft embedded deep within her.

Jackie's hand moved in the darkness under her skirt and she groaned softly, jerking in time to the unseen rhythm of her fingers. Sitting up Dave reached out pulled her hand away, out from between her legs. Her fingers glistened wetly in the light. She knelt silently upright before him, knees slightly apart, hips thrust aggressively forward, her eyes watching him defiantly, waiting to see what he was going to do. With both hands he raised the front of her skirt exposing her knickers and thighs, strips of moisture shone at the top of her thighs where he had brusquely pulled her fingers away. He looked up at her but her face was impassive, staring silently back at him. Her silence goaded him. Reaching under her skirt he pulled her knickers roughly down over her hips. Her body swayed and jerked as his hands pulled at her underwear, pushing them down her thighs to her knees. Dave looked up again, her eyes were still impassive but her lips had taken on a half sneer that pricked at his pride like a needle. He thrust his hand between her legs searched for her wetness. She winced slightly as he pushed his fingers roughly up inside her although she never made a sound. Pleased that he had elicited a reaction Dave pushed his fingers up in to her to his knuckles. She moved her knees apart slightly to ease his access. Hooking his fingers inside her he pulled her towards him and intimately caught, she shuffled forward on her knees, her knickers working their way under her knees and down her shins with the motion.

Looking down on Gwen Peter shook his thick head of black hair like a young bull beginning to test his mettle for the first time. A light sheen of perspiration bronzed his chest and shoulders. He smiled to no-one in particular and rested his body forward, leaning slowly in between Gwen's legs, his penis still hard inside her. Post climax Gwen stirred and made a half hearted movement to back away up the couch but Peter held her by the hips and she relaxed into his control again with a spent sigh. Peter wanted to cum now, he was hard and more excited than he had ever been in his life and he had already cum once but today he felt he could keep going forever. Slowly his hips began a soft, gentle motion that caused Gwen to breathe deeply, almost as if asleep, her eyelids fluttered and her stomach muscles tensed. His hips continued their circular motion, his penis slowly withdrawing a little more with each stroke before almost leisurely sinking back inside her. Her breathing grew ragged as his shaft stroked in and out, lifting her, causing her to moan softly with each slow thrust. 

"Shall I pull out?" Peter asked quietly and Gwen shook her head. "Are you sure?" He asked again without breaking his rhythm, and she nodded. "Good," he said and watched his shaft slowly sink between her legs, burying itself deeply into her open sex.

Dave pulled Jackie into the space between his open legs. Wrapping his arm around her waist he held her close while his hand between her legs explored deeper inside her. She was so wet; her juices coated his fingers and ran down the inside of her thighs. He could hear his fingers moving like liquid inside her and he smiled as he saw her beginning to strain to keep her features cold and impassive. He moved deeper, probing, stroking, his fingers delving harder into her tender places. She shuddered as his thumb found her clitoris; her eyes locked on his for a moment until suddenly she leaned forward and came around his fingers with a softly stifled groan. 
