 This is an edited version of my original story. I want to thank SlaveGirl70 for her great editing.

====

"OK. That was pretty good. I need more tenor. Sopranos hold back. Let's start again with measure 173."

Beth, our choir director, brought us through one of our spring concert pieces. This piece was a modern piece written by a Ugandan priest. It had some unusual harmonies, but I was unprepared for lyrics written in Bantu. It was a far stretch from Latin.

We finished the piece, and Beth spoke to the group. "OK, I will see you all here Saturday night for our last rehearsal. Our first concert date is Sunday. Don't forget, men, you will be wearing your red cummerbunds and bowties."

I put my music back in its folder and then into my black book bag. It was 10 pm. It had been another long day. I needed to get up early the next morning for my flight to Chicago. As I approached my BMW, I noticed Tammy standing next to her red Mercedes parked next to mine. Tammy was a soprano and had been in the choir for over twenty years.

"Good night Tammy. See you Saturday." I said, pushing the unlocking button on my key.

I heard not a reply, but a muffled sob.

I stopped reaching for my door. Tammy had her back to me.

"Tammy, are you OK?" I asked.

Again, I heard no reply. She shook her head, yes, but I was not convinced, and I walked over to her.

"Tammy?" I continued.

She turned to me. She did not meet my eyes. She was crying. Tears were still rolling down her face. She wiped them away with the back of her hand.

Tammy was about 50. Very slim. Not much of a chest, I would guess bra size A. She had very nice legs and was very cute with short blond hair. She looked a lot like Meg Ryan at her peak, before her overdose on cosmetic surgery.

"Tammy, what's wrong?" I pressed.

Her head was still bent down, but her eyes lifted to meet mine.

"Steve..." she said quietly, closed her eyes and then burst again into a flood of tears.

I didn't know what to do. I took her and hugged her, as she wept on my shoulder. I could feel her shudder as she continued to cry. She was wearing a lovely delicate perfume. The type that you would not smell unless you were this close.

She surprised me by holding me to her with her arms around my back.

"Tammy, what's the matter?"

"Steve, I can't..." she sobbed uncontrollably. Her sobbing continued for several minutes.

As her sobs began to subside, she took a deep breath. "He left me," she said between small gasps of air.

I resisted the temptation to say, "Who left you?" The answer was obvious, I knew she was married.

I waited for what seemed like 5 minutes. "Let's get you some coffee, OK?"

I loosened my arms, and she pulled gently away. She once again wiped her tears away with her sleeve. She looked up at me with tear-filled eyes and nodded OK.

There was a small café across the street from the church. I put my hand on her shoulder and guided her across the street to the café entrance. There were outside tables, and it was a pleasant evening, so I moved to a table at the very end of the patio area. There were only two other tables occupied and they were at the other end of the patio. I pulled out the chair for her, and she sat down. I sat down next to her and we waited in silence for the server.

"Two cups of coffee, please," I said to the twenty-something college student with the nose piercing. I thought to myself, isn't nose piercing out of fashion? Tammy avoided my gaze and had taken a napkin and was dabbing her eyes.

After our waiter had returned with our coffees and left, I reached over and took her hand. "Tammy, are you OK?"

She took a sip of coffee and began. "I got home on an earlier flight from my business trip yesterday. On the way back from the airport, I stopped at Michelle's house. Michelle's been my best friend since college. Carl and I have taken trips together with her and her husband. I am godmother to her second oldest child."

She took another sip of coffee and continued. "I had left my iPad at Michelle's house by accident before I left. I normally would have called Carl to let him know I was coming home early but I thought I would surprise him, and besides my cell phone battery was dead." She laughed and smiled briefly, "I am amazed that we ever survived without cell phones." She was beautiful when she smiled like that.

I could see where this was going, and she continued, "Anyway, as I got to Michelle's house I noticed Carl's car in her driveway. I thought to myself that was interesting, but not strange given that we are good friends. Sometimes he helps her out with fixing stuff around the house. Well, I got to the door and was about to ring the doorbell and heard voices. One was Carl's. He was saying "Go on. Take it. Yes, take it! Oh, baby yes, yes give it to me," or something like that.

Tammy looked me directly in the eyes, "I didn't know what to think...what to do. I was shocked at what I might be hearing. The front door was unlocked. I went inside and walked into the front den. Carl was standing naked, and Michelle bent over the couch. Carl was fucking her from behind. I was shocked. I stood there watching in disbelief for what felt like minutes. Michelle finally noticed me standing there and gasped my name. Carl turned to face me with his cock still in Michelle's pussy."

Now, this description shocked me. I had always thought that Tammy was a bit of a prude. She was a Catholic girl school student, a Eucharistic minister, and Sunday school teacher. I didn't know she knew how to use the words "fuck," "cock," and "pussy," much less expected her to have the ability to say them to me.

"Carl finally pulled out of Michelle. I had half expected him now to say, 'this is not what it looks like...' Well, he went on to tell me he was in love with Michelle and it was good I knew it. He was going to leave me. I was shocked. I didn't know what to say."

Tammy then broke down into tears again. I rubbed the top of her hand saying, "He was a jerk. You are better off without him.

She stopped crying and blurted out, "You know what really pissed me off?" There was anger on her face. "He never fucked me like that."

Tammy surprised me once again. Yes, she was not the Sunday school teacher that I once thought I knew. We chatted for a while more. Tammy told me that they really didn't have a happy marriage. She believed that Carl had many affairs, but what bothered her most was the rejection. She told me of her frustrations over the last several years. It was difficult for her as her physical needs and sexuality were peaking.

"Steve, thank you so much for letting me dump all that on you. I really didn't have anyone I could confide in."

"No worries. I went through a difficult divorce myself. Trust me I understand."

As I opened the door to her Mercedes, she asked "I have been invited to a dinner party Saturday night after rehearsal. Would you like to join me?"

Again, I was taken by surprise. "Sure, that would be nice," I said with a smile.

"We could go back to my house after rehearsal, and then we could take one car from there if that would be OK with you, it is a little way out in the country." She added with a hint of a smile. "Thanks so much." She started to sit down in her car and then stood up again and gave me a quick kiss on my cheek.

I could still smell Tammy's subtle perfume as she drove away. I was looking forward to rehearsal next Saturday.

-----

I got to rehearsal a bit late. I saw Tammy in the second row in the soprano section, wearing a conservative dress with a high collar. She smiled at me as I walked to my place in the choir.

After rehearsal ended, I walked out with Tammy to the parking lot.

"Steve, I need to go home and change. Meet me at my house in 30 minutes, here is the address." She gave me a slip of paper with her address and drove away in her car, with a little wave to me and a tiny smile playing across her lips.

I stopped back at my condo that was nearby and put on my sports jacket and tie and headed over to Tammy's house.

I had not been to Tammy's neighborhood before. It was in an exclusive area, and most of the homes were well into the million-dollar range. I pulled up to Tammy's house, a beautiful place. I walked up to the door and rang the doorbell.

When the door opened, I almost gasped. There stood Tammy in the most beautiful little black dress. The hem of her dress went half way up her thigh, and she was wearing some fantastic black strappy 'come fuck me' shoes.

"You look amazing," I said with a broad smile.

Tammy visibly blushed. "Steve, you are so sweet. Thank you." She leaned over and gave me another kiss on the cheek. "Ready to go?" she asked with a smile.

I smiled and nodded and escorted her to the passenger side of my BMW. As I drove away, I couldn't help but stare at her exposed thigh below the hem of her LBD. This was turning into an evening of surprises.

------

It took us only about 25 minutes to get to the location of the dinner party. If Tammy's street was upscale, this area was even more exclusive. The mansion was not old, but it had been built to copy the opulent style of the 1920s. My BWM paled next to the two Bentleys and the Rolls that were parked outside.

We walked up the steps to the custom made double front doors. A servant opened the door ahead of our knock. The entryway was all white marble. Another servant approached us with a silver tray holding champagne glasses. Tammy and I took our drinks and made our way to a library area where the other guests were mingling while nibbling on hors d'oeuvres. Champagne was flowing, as was some very expensive Glen Fiddich 21-year single malt scotch. I met Monsignor Paul along with the local assemblyman, the senior editor of the city newspaper and Cathy Becket, a local well-known mystery writer. I was impressed.

After a couple of drinks, we made our way to the dining room and a table for 16. Tammy and I were located next to each other toward the middle of the table across from the Monsignor.

"Cathy thinks you're cute" Tammy whispered in my ear. Tammy's words slightly slurred from the three glasses of campaign she had in the library or was it four?

"Well, I am lucky to be sitting next to the most beautiful lady in the room," I whispered back.

Tammy responded with yet another kiss on my cheek. This one lingered a bit longer than the others.

Dinner was almost over and Tammy was on her third glass of white wine. I was having a conversation with Monsignor Paul across from me.

"So, you support sex education classes in Catholic high schools," I said in response to his prior statement.

"But not at the elementary level, of course," the Monsignor added.

Just then I felt a hand press itself against my groin. I was a bit shock and realized that Tammy had reached under the tablecloth and was massaging my manhood. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her slight smile although she looked straight ahead. She continued to rub my growing hard-on.

I lost concentration in my conversation with the Monsignor, but he continued, "...birth control is something that should be left to the parents to discuss."

I inched my left hand under the tablecloth to slowly move Tammy's hands from my erection. Tammy responded by taking my hand and squeezing it. Then, to my continued surprise, she moved my hand to her thigh. She gently and slowly moved my hand up her dress, all the while she was chatting with the Monsignor.

I reached her pussy and found her completely waxed. Her lips were moist and her arousal was obvious. OK, now it's my turn, I thought to myself.

I started to massage her with the side of my hand. She moved her legs apart to allow me easier access.

"Most parents don't know enough about birth control to teach their children appropriately," Tammy added to the Monsignor.

She was getting noticeably wetter as I continued to stroke her cunt.

Then all at once, Tammy moved her thighs together. I could feel a slight shudder at the same time. Did she just climax? I thought to myself.

"Steve, can you take me home? I think I'm getting a migraine." Tammy said rather loudly a couple of seconds later. "Beth, I'm so sorry, I had a wonderful time," she added to our hostess.

Then I thought I saw Beth wink at Tammy.

I stood up first carefully shielding my visible erection behind Tammy. I pulled Tammy's chair back, and she nicely adjusted her dress before standing.

We said our goodbyes, and we headed toward my car. I let Tammy in on the passenger side and got into the driver's side. As I started up the car, Tammy leaned over, and rather than kissing me on the cheek, kissed me full on the lips. She pushed her tongue into my mouth and held my head in her two hands pressing me into her. I reciprocated, and our tongues explored each other. Tammy bit softly on my lips and continued to kiss me with growing passion.

We continued our kiss for several minutes before Tammy pulled away gently and said quietly, "I think it is time you drove me home."

------

During our drive back to Tammy's house, Tammy seemed to be distracted by something. As we neared her street, she said, "Steve, another friend of mine is having a special party tonight at her house. It's not far from here, would you mind going over there for a while?"

I looked over at her and smiled. "I thought you had a migraine." I quipped.

She smiled back and slurred slightly, "No migraine. I just wanted to leave that stuffy party and have some real fun."

I was a bit disappointed and added, "I was hoping that we could go back to your place and have 'some real fun.'"

"I think you will enjoy this party and later we can go back to my place and have some special alone time. OK?"

"Sure," I said. I was damn horny and was looking forward to seeing where this was going to go. Maybe Tammy was having second thoughts.

Tammy directed me to a house a few blocks away. It was another beautiful home in Tammy's neighborhood.

As we pulled up the driveway, Tammy said, "Carol is a real estate broker she teaches Sunday school with me. I have known her for years. Her husband, Jake, is an investment banker. She has been hosting these parties for a couple of years. I never thought about coming until tonight. I thought it might be fun to come with you."

I was a bit confused. I was not sure why Tammy wanted to come here with me but not before.

There were three other cars in the driveway. We parked my car behind a Lexus and walked up the brick pathway to the front door.

We rang the doorbell and a minute later we were greeted at the front door by a very attractive, slightly overweight woman, about fifty with long dark black hair. She was Italian looking with deep brown eyes. She was only about five-foot-tall with rather large breasts for a woman of her stature. What was really mind-blowing was that she was just wearing what looked to be a black negligee and high heels.

When she saw Tammy, her eyes lit up and she smiled broadly. She hugged Tammy and exclaimed rather loudly, "Tammy, my God. I thought you would never come to one of our parties!" She looked over at me and continued, "And who is this handsome guy?"

Tammy turned to me and said, "Steve this is my friend Carol. Carol this is Steve. We sing in the choir together."

I held out my hand, and Carol stepped past it to embrace me and ended the embrace with a deep French kiss that suggested many possibilities. As we kissed, I could feel her triple Ds press against my chest. Yes, she was wearing a negligee alright. Carol invited us into her home, where there were three other couples.

Carol got everyone's attention and said, "Everyone, this is my friend Tammy and her friend, Steve." Everyone said their hellos.

Carol continued, "This is Helen and Bill," indicating a couple to the left. Helen was a tall, very slim, attractive woman in her mid-fifties with short silver hair. Helen wore a silver clinging outfit and looked like it had been spray painted on her body. She was wearing silver heels that laced up her calf. Bill was a bit younger I would guess in his mid-forties. Bill was blond and well built.

"This is Tom and Paula." Carol indicated to a couple in the middle of the group. Tom was bald with a goatee. He was thin and short. I was not sure of his age but guessed he was in his mid-forties. Paula was Asian, around 35, slightly smaller than Carol, with long black hair. Paula was thin, but with some fantastic surgically enhanced tits. They were huge. Paula was wearing a black dress with two long vertical ribbons of material that went up from her waist, barely covering the nipples of her chest, and tied behind her neck. I fully expected her breasts would pop out if she moved from side-to-side. She wore black spiky strappy heels like Tammy's.

"And this is Jenny and Paul." Jenny was about fifty with blond hair, medium build, but very athletic. She looked like she worked out a lot. Jenny was average height and weight and had what I call "dancers legs" which include well-defined calves. She was wearing a yellow see-through negligee with a g-string panty. She was barefoot. Paul was also about fifty, a bit on the heavy side. He had brown hair and a body that suggested that he was a football player at some time in the past. He was about 6'3".

Carol poured us a couple of glasses of wine.

Tammy asked, "Where is Jake?" taking a sip of her wine.

Carol replied, "He is in London on a business trip. And boy is he going to be pissed that he was not here to see you. So, I am stag tonight. I hope you don't mind sharing." She smiled and winked at me.

Tammy smiled and said "Not at all. I could use some pointers."

We had a couple of drinks and mingled with the other couples. I found out they had all been getting together once a month. Tammy expanded that she had just gotten separated and this was our "first date." Everyone loved that, and they were impressed by Tammy's openness, driven I had to guess, by copious amounts of alcohol.

After about thirty minutes I pulled Tammy aside and asked, "Are you really OK with this?"

She replied, "I want to fuck all night. Carl is the only man I have ever been with. The last time we made love was on my birthday over a year ago, and he was half-drunk and couldn't keep it hard."

Carol had just walked over to us and heard Tammy's confession. Carol added, "Baby I am so sorry. I think you need to need to fix that problem right now."

With that, Carol took both our hands and walked us to a large sofa in the middle of her living room. Very quickly and expertly Carol unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, which fell to the floor.

"OK, Steve. Let's see what you got." Carol said as she pulled my briefs down to join my pants on the floor.

My cock sprang to attention. The eroticism of the evening had me in an entirely 'erect state.'

Tammy dropped to her knees. She looked up at me as she massaged my cock and then with a smile she went to work. For someone with such limited experience, Tammy gave great head. She licked my balls and took me deep in her throat.

All the couples had stopped what they were doing and were watching us. Carol unbuttoned my shirt as Tammy continued to suck me. Carol then guided me down on the couch and sat next to me. Carol started to deep French kiss me, and I reached under her negligee to feel her soft pussy.

This continued for another five minutes or so, and then Tammy stood up. My cock glistened with her spit. She reached down to the hem of her dress and pulled her dress over her head. Carol and I stopped kissing and watched as she revealed her body to us.

Up 'til now, I had only imagined what Tammy would look like naked. She was gorgeous, thin, with two beautiful small tits with nipples that stuck out hard and erect. She had fair pale skin and lovely blue eyes. What was her husband thinking, letting this hot body go? I thought to myself.
