 "Oh my God."

Here it comes.

"It is so hot. It is so goddamn hot."

Ro wasn't lying. Even sitting in the shade, on the cool concrete slab that was her boyfriend's front porch, it was midsummer in Memphis and pretty fucking hot. She flopped back in the tattered armchair and continued to rock. A drop of perspiration tickled as it rolled down between my breasts, mirrored by the condensation that formed on Ro's glass of iced tea.

I picked up my own glass and took a sip.

"Yep."

Since she didn't have anything to add to that, it was a fair assumption that Rochelle's intentions for the afternoon included nothing so much as to sit right there on the front porch and wait out the heat until about 7 o'clock, when the sun would go down and the asphalt in the street would lose some of its mirage. Some days, as further indicated by Ro's inability to work up to a good bitch, that's all you can do.

But God, it can be so boring.

My mother always said I'd never amount to much, that I was mildly retarded, a born loser, but I think she is full of shit. Oh, I might be manic-depressive, with a touch of ADD, but there is very little that I do not understand or consider when not enveloped in a deep blue funk. 

In any case, I have a very low tolerance for boredom.

An idea began to form in my brain and I excused myself from the front porch by way of a bogus trip to the restroom. In reality, I shut the front door quietly behind me and passed quietly through the living room because Ro's boyfriend, Adam, was stretched out on futon. Both of their box fans were trained on him, but the window unit was broken (it would be…) and a thin sheen of sweat gleamed on his naked chest. Pointedly, I set aside the piquant desire to kneel and place my lips against his nipples as he slept. Perhaps later was a hope, not an expectation, but still a hope. 

Through the kitchen and out the back door I went without allowing the screen door to bang shut behind me. Last autumn, before the winter rain began to fall but after summer's heat began to fade, Adam and a couple of friends built a deck at the back of his house. The rest of us made a sort of party of it and gathered together to drink beer and watch--I mean, help. The deck was high enough off of the ground to catch a little breeze, but I didn't really care about that. What interested me would be found in the crawlspace beneath it. Wary of wasps, I knelt down and peered into the shade and… Paydirt. 

Adam's nieces and nephews had come by for a visit last weekend, and because it was hot then too, he set up a wading pool for them. It was round and sky blue, about four feet in diameter and about a foot and a half deep. I pulled it out and shook out the leaves, then looked under the deck again and saw that someone had conveniently left the garden hose coiled on a hook on the wall.

So I screwed the nozzle into the wall and gave the wading pool a good rinse. 

Ro came out the back door as I was filling up the pool. She looked at me quizzically through the glass and came out on the deck, wrinkling up her nose. 

"What the hell are you doing?" 

I pressed my thumb over the end of the hose and flipped a rope of water high, high into the air. The drops glistened as gravity caught up with them and the sunlight turned them into globes of pure crystal before they spattered on the grass, my shoulders, and in the pool.

"Let's go for a swim, Ro."

It is a testament to Rochelle's personal self that she looked doubtful for only a moment before a slow smile spread across her face. "Ok," she purred, "let me go put on my bathing suit." Halfway through the doorway she paused, meeting my eyes over her bare, freckled shoulder. "What do you think, should I wake Adam up?" I pushed my sunglasses up into my hair and grinned a devilish grin.

"Oh, by all means."

 *** ***