 It was a beautiful Saturday morning and everyone was headed for the lake. Bill, Jeff, Tony, Jill and Melissa- all my friends. I had to work until 4pm so I could not enjoy the sun early, but it didn't get dark until 9pm so I was not worried as I would finish off in a few hours. I couldn't wait to get out there and start drinking, and drooling over the ladies in their hot bikinis. Jill and Mellissa were great friends of mine who took excellent care of their bodies. Jill had full breasts and a tight little ass, and Melissa had smaller boobs but her face was gorgeous. I had played around with both of them before but had not had any sex with either of them.

When the clock struck 4, I closed up shop and headed for the lake. On the way there I was so excited to flirt with the girls I almost jerked off in the car! When I pulled up to the dock to meet up with them, the boat looked a little empty. The girls were missing. I grabbed my cooler and towel and headed to the boat.

"Hey, where are the ladies?" I asked the guys.

"You just missed them," said Bill,

"Nah, they left about half an hour ago," said Tony. "Man, were they hot! Jill was wearing a thong, and Melissa took her top off for a while to sunbathe."

I could tell that the guys had been drinking and were ready to cause some trouble. I hopped on the boat, cracked a beer and we headed for the beach.

The lake was unusually quiet, it was like we had it all to ourselves. We hit the beach and began to play frisbee in the water. I was frustrated how drunk they were because they couldn't catch or throw, making more work for all of us.

Finally I said, "Ok, next to drop a catch or throw stupid has to go naked."

Before I knew it all three of them were naked, their shrunk cocks bobbing abound in the water. None of them seemed to bother their state.

"You guys are no fun; I'm getting back on the boat," I said.

I climbed on the boat and began to bask in the sun. I was a little jealous the guys were naked and I still had my suit on. I looked around in the boat and saw a girl's bag.

"Hey, what's this?" I said to myself.

Looked like one of the girls had left it behind. I opened it up and found some lotion, a thong bikini and a towel in it.

This will be fun, I thought.

I slid off my shorts, and slid on the thong bikini. I then lay down on the bench to sunbathe.

As I lay there I looked down my slim body and though of what a great bitch I would have made. My cock began to stir at the thought. Suddenly I heard some splashing. The guys were coming back aboard.

"Shit man, you're wearing a girls thong!" exclaimed Billy.

"Damn, you look hot," said Tony.

They were all aboard and staring at me in the thong. I stood up and strut my stuff. I couldn't believe I was acting like a little fag in front of these three manly guys! But it really turned me on.

When I turned back around I noticed each had begun to get aroused.

"I'll just pretend you're a bitch and jerk off on you," said Jeff.

"Hey, I'm not an ass-whore so don't get too excited!" I said.

"You know who is an ass-whore?" asked Billy. "Jill is! I fucked her in the ass, I did! In fact, she begged me to. I didn't even fuck her pussy, just straight into her ass! And you're wearing her thong right now!"

My cock began to stir on its own accord.

"Oh, you like that, don't you?" asked Billy. "Why don't you bring that little ass over here and rub it on me?"

I couldn't believe what I just heard! So I said: "Yeah, right! I'm not a fag!"

"Ok, if I throw you a Frisbee fairly and you fail to catch it, you have to act like Jill, deal?"

"Deal," I said. Boy, was this going to be easy!

I jumped in the water and went out about 20 yards away from the boat. He threw the frisbee at me. I jumped up to catch it, and it slipped right through my fingers and fell in the water.

The guys started howling like dogs.

"Two out of three," I said, trying to save my ass, literally.

"No way Jill, get your ass up here!" ordered Billy.

How bad could this be? All I had to do was grind my ass on him a bit. I was going to do a little performance because I lost a bet and it would all be forgotten about in no time. Besides, all the guys were drunk!

I climbed abroad and Billy was seated in position, waiting for me. I walked up to him, turned around and lowered myself on to his naked crotch. My wet body hit his hot naked skin and it felt so warm!

He shifted his waist and began to rub his limp cock against my ass. I shook my hips a little and I could feel his cock begin to grow harder.

"Ok, I'm done," I said, starting to get up.

He grabbed me on to him and said, "Almost. I'll let you know when I'm done!"

His strong hands felt good against my waist. He positioned me on his hard cock and I began to get aroused.

"Your thong doesn't seem to be able to hold in your cock," said Jeff who was watching alongside Tony.

I looked down and saw that I was totally erect, stretching the thong to form a tent over my crotch.

Billy's cock was now 9 inches semi-hard and rubbing up and down the crack of my ass through the material of the thong. He pulled my cheeks apart and I felt the tip of his cock tickle my asshole.

My cock twitched and the guys noticed.

"Wow, somebody is getting really excited!" said Tony.

I looked at the guys standing and watching at me and Billy. Jeff and Tony were both rock hard and stroking their cocks lightly now.

I knew there was no escaping this. I grabbed some of the lotion from the bag, which turned out to be really slippery, and squirted it on Tony's and Jeff's hard cock. I reached over and began to message their cocks, one in each of my hands.

Billy grabbed the lotion and squirted it all over his cock. I could feel him place the tip against my puckered ass hole now. He placed the entire tip inside and it felt so good but I knew I couldn't take him right away.

"Jill are you going to be a good ass whore for us today?" Bill asked.

"Ok, who wants to fuck my virgin ass first?" I asked the guys. All three spoke up until I said, "Tony you're the smallest, you go first."

Tony sat down, his 6 inch rock hard pecker up in the air between his spread thighs. I positioned myself just on the tip of his cock and I started to lower myself slowly on his cock. I lowered and lowered until suddenly I felt it hit a point where it sunk in completely and took me all the way.

The ecstasy of finally feeling what it felt like to have a big hard cock in my ass, to feel what all the girls have always felt when I would slip it in their ass was too much for me to handle. I screamed out in both pain and pleasure.

I sat for a minute with it buried to the base deep in my hot ass. Then I felt the movement as Tony began to slowly move his hips. He wanted me to ride him. My rock hard cock was straight up in the air and was thus far deprived of any attention.

I braced myself on the arm rest and slowly raised up and down on Tony's cock. Up and down, up and down, up and down...

While I fucked him, he reached around and grabbed my hard cock. I though I was going to come right there and then, but somehow, I didn't.

"Jill your ass is so tight, let me fuck you doggie style," said Tony.

His words made me blow my load. My cum shot over and covered Bill's cock spraying him with my spunk.

I got off Tony's cock and kneeled on the bench leaning over the side of the boat. I felt Tony begin to enter my ass again, filling me all the way with his big cock.

Tony pulled out his cock and left my ass gaping wide open. With my eyes closed, I felt the hot air enter my lonely ass. Suddenly, I felt the tip of a hot cock again but this time, it felt larger.

I looked over my shoulder and found Billy positioned behind me. I wasn't sure if I was ready to engulf his huge 12 inches, but I didn't have much of a choice.

There I was on my knees, bending over the side of a boat, looking over the cool blue water getting ready to get a huge cock up my ass. Billy lined up his cock behind me, and then jabbed my asshole with his huge meat. First, the head slid in slowly. Billy then eased himself in further and further. Just as I thought he was all the way in, I looked between my legs and saw he still had about four more inches to go!

He pushed and pushed his huge rod until it was inside my ass up to the base. I had seen some petite girls take some enormous cocks in porn and now it was my turn! I had always wondered what it would be like to feel 12 inches sliding in and out of my ass and sure enough I was going to feel it right about now. There was no more room in me as he tried to push it deeper and deeper. He began to sway his hips and pull out from my ass. I could feel it clench and it felt like it kept going and going until finally he began to push it back in.

The other guys couldn't believe I was taking his huge cock so good as they stood and watched in amazement.

Billy began to pick up speed and it felt better with every thrust in. My cock was hard again and pushing against the chair and Billy's balls were smacking my balls every time he impaled all 12 inches into me. This was straight out of a porno movie, only I was the porn star!

I couldn't help and I blurted out, "Give me a cock to suck."

Without hesitation Billy pulled out from my ass and climbed over to my mouth. I wasn't expecting his cock but sure enough here it was and i couldn't hold back.

My hot ass juice covered his cock and I sucked it off until I felt his cock begin to twitch. He grabbed my head so I couldn't pull away and he held it as he erupted his load in my mouth.

Hot spurt after spurt of cum unloaded from his sloppy cock, hitting the back of my virgin throat. I knew I couldn't overpower him so I swallowed as fast as I could until he stopped cumming.

He pulled his wet, glistening cock from out of my mouth and I gasped for air as residual cum dripped down my chin and on to my stomach.

I looked over at the other guys and they were beating their cocks furiously.

My ass felt empty after that huge cock had its turn and I needed more so I said, "Who wants to fuck me?"

Jeff and Tony both stood up in excitement. I pushed Jeff down on the seat and climbed aboard, facing towards his chest. My loose ass hole took his long cock easy and quick. I began to ride him up and down furiously, and my hard cock bounced against his hot body. He slowed me down and I just sat on his cock as it filled me up.

Suddenly, I felt some movement around my eager ass. I looked over my shoulder and saw Billy with his huge cock in hand approaching my ass. He placed his tip on my filled opening and began to push in hard.

I couldn't believe I was going to get double ass fucked and I was loving ever minute of it!

I have seen many movies where some young hot slut was getting tag teamed in her ass and wondered how it felt and how she could even do it. Well, here I was getting ready to find out for myself!

Billy grabbed the lotion and squired us all over, making sure we were all nice and lubed up.

Then he started penetrating my anus, which already had Jeff's cock in it!

To be continued...