 Author's note: Heather and I are strict monogamists. We have NEVER cheated on each other in over 30 years of marriage.

This story comes from my twisted mind. It's fantasy. When I started writing it, I had no idea where it would end up. Well, as it turns out, it went in a few interesting directions, therefore, there will be a few more stories following up.

I have already written several more chapters to be submitted on their own. I have no idea how or when the story will conclude. Enjoy.

*****

"How Did a Peek Turn into ... THIS"

It had been a long, hot, summer day. I was up early and out the door. A high maintenance client had me spinning my wheels most of the day. I was hot and frustrated. I was ready to get home, sit and relax, watch a little TV, and take a little power nap as I normally do.

When I pulled into the driveway, I noticed a car parked in front of the house. I knew the car. Heather's best friend, Jeanie. I've always liked Jeanie. She's always smiling and happy. She's always kept herself in great shape. I've often fantasized about having her in our bedroom. She has a luscious set of tits that are bigger than Heather's but not too big to get in the way. Heather's will always be my "go to" set of tits. I'm a small tits man.

Jeanie's husband is a nice guy and we've spent many a New Year's Eve and other "couple" type holidays with them. He also keeps himself in pretty good shape. I was actually acquainted with Rob before Heather met Jeanie. He and I played against each other in the community basketball leagues. When they moved to the new neighborhood, Heather met Jeanie, became close friends, and then Rob and I were formally introduced.

Jeanie and Rob look like the typical "neighbors next door". They're very conservative. Neither dress in a provocative way. They don't flaunt. They're very conservative in their attire and lifestyle, just as Heather and me.

Although I had expressed a few of my sexual thoughts about Jeanie and her hot body to Heather, she's never said anything about Rob, other than he's 'handsome'. I've never had any intention of hitting on Jeanie. It was a private fantasy for me.

As I entered the house, Heather smiled and greeted me with her standard, "Hi, sweetie".

I smiled back at her and said, "Hi, babe. Hi, Jeanie. How are you?"

Jeanie flashed her big smile, something I was accustomed to seeing, and said, "Great!"

"Good," I said, "you look great. And you deserve it."

"Thanks," she warmly replied. I smiled back. I love her pretty smile.

I turned back to Heather. "I need to rest, babe. That idiot client drove me crazy all day. I'm gonna go lay down."

"Okay," Heather answered. "We're just chatting. Go lay down."

I turned the corner, walked down to our bedroom, entered and closed the door. Normally, I would have simply shed my work clothes and put on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Today, I needed something more. I stripped naked and turned on a cool shower. I stood under the stream and let the heat of the day wash away. After 10-15 minutes, I was starting to shiver so I turned up the heat, shampooed my hair, and soaped up my body. After rinsing, I turned the water off, grabbed a towel and started to dry off.

I was suddenly struck with dire exhaustion. I had only run the towel over my head. The rest of me was still dripping wet. I didn't care. I needed to lay down.

I walked from the bathroom to our king bed, laid the towel over the blanket on my side, and laid down on my back. I eased my hands up behind my head and relaxed. It only took a few seconds with my eyes closed to fall into a very deep, satisfying sleep.

I have no idea how long I was out but was suddenly aware of the sound of Heather giggling and the bed rustling. I opened my eyes a crack and, as she came into view, I realized she was naked. She was on my right, crawling toward me on the bed. She paused at my cock and licked it from bottom to top before dragging her breasts up my stomach, across my chest, then planted a passionate kiss on my lips.

"Mmmmmm," I purred. "This day is finally getting better," I managed in my groggy state between passionate kisses.

"It's about to get better ... and more interesting," she said with a sexy lilt in her voice.

I then felt movement on my left and heard more giggling. I turned to see Jeanie, naked, crawling toward me.

I shrieked and jolted away from her. I looked back at Heather with shock in my eyes, back to Jeanie, then back again to Heather.

Heather just smiled and lazily stroked her fingernails through my hairy chest. "Jeanie had to use the bathroom and you're usually dressed so I told her she could use ours being guest bathroom is being remodeled. She followed me to the door. When I opened the door, she saw you. I was turned around talking to her so she got the full view before I realized you were naked. I saw the shock in her eyes, turned and saw you, and shut the door quickly."

Jeanie reached out and began stroking my legs. She looked at Heather and they each smiled. Their touch was electric. Ecstasy shot through my body and erupted in my cock and it began to rise. I immediately tried to cover my growing member with my hands.

Heather giggled as she reached over and pulled my hands away from my rapidly rising cock. "Too late, baby," she cooed, "You and your boner are busted."

Heather looked at Jeanie again and nodded. With that nod, Jeanie moved her hand up my leg and, brushing my balls along the way, rubbed my hardening cock from the base to the tip then started back down to my balls. "Holy shit, Nick, where have you kept this hidden all these years?" she asked with a wicked smile. I'm not big but I'm not small. My cock is probably longer than average but average in thickness. Although still in shock, I enjoyed the compliment.

I protested. "Heather?" I looked back at my wife. "What the hell is going on?" I asked.

Heather, continued to stroke my chest. "When Jeanie saw you naked, her eyes became as big as pool balls. She turned red with embarrassment but she didn't turn away. By the time I saw you on the bed and closed the door, she had a few seconds to get the full Monty. After I closed the door, I apologized and turned bright red myself."

"That's when the fun started," said Jeanie with that cute smile, still stroking my now rock hard cock. "We stood in the hallway for a few minutes giggling about finding you in all your glory. Heather apologized over and over. I told her it was ok. I can't believe I did it, but I confessed that I've always wondered what you were packing under those jeans. I've seen a nice bulge there a few times while you were checking my rack. I've always found you attractive and have had my fantasies about you while making love to Rob."

"You're shitting me!" I replied in disbelief, again looking at Heather for support. None was coming. Jeanie was still stroking my hardened cock.

"Well, baby, you've told me that you've always thought Jeanie has a hot body AND that you would hit it if the circumstances were different. When she confessed her fantasy about you, I figured, 'Hmmm, why not?' I asked her if she wanted a closer look. Her eyes became big again but she resisted. She said it was a crazy idea.

"'REALLY? Why are you still standing at the door', I asked her. She could only smile," Heather replied. I looked at Jeanie. She smiled and gave a "what can I say" shrug.

"Okay," I said, "but looking is one thing. You're both fuckin naked." I looked at Heather and pointed at Jeanie. "And she's stroking my cock!" 

Jeanie again looked over at Heather as if some "female code" was being telepathically transmitted. She smiled and stuck her tongue in her cheek a few times, the sign of a mock blowjob. Heather smiled at her and nodded. With that permission, Jeanie shifted her position and moved her head closer to my cock. Suddenly, her tongue was on my balls and slowly moving up toward my swollen cock head.

The feeling was incredible but I was still in shock. I looked at Heather. "She's now licking my cock! How did ... oh shit, Jeanie, that feels good ... how did a peek turn into this?"

Heather put a finger to my lips. "Shhhhh, baby. Enjoy your fantasy," she encouraged as Jeanie continued licking the length of my shaft up to my head and down to my balls. "Are you enjoying it, babe?"

"Well, yeah, ok, but, really? You're ok with this, baby?" I asked.

"Yes, sweetie. I'm VERY ok with it. In the hallway, Jeanie tried to be the voice of reason. She said how this is so against everything we've ever thought about. Then she put a wicked smile on and asked if I would be willing to give you a surprise? I asked her what she meant," Heather replied.

"So Jeanie says, 'Well, how about we get naked and see what happens when he wakes up. I'd love to see his reaction.' And I thought, 'yeah, so would I.'

"I asked if she was serious; if she's really had the hots for you all this time? She said she has, so I told her how crazy it is that you've had fantasies about her joining us in bed too. So, what the hell? We both got naked."

I listened, still in shock, as I watched Jeanie's tongue continue sliding up and down my achingly, hard cock. She licked away a few drops of pre-cum as if it was just another day in the office.

"I asked her if she wanted to touch you. She blushed but she didn't say no."

Suddenly, Jeanie's lips parted and I watched the head of my cock slowly disappear into her mouth. "Ohhhhh FUCK!" I moaned. "HEATHER? She's sucking my cock."

"You're a master of the obvious, babe," Heather smirked, then continued without any visible sign of shock. "So, anyway, I asked again if she'd like to touch you. This time, she asked me if I thought YOU would be ok or wondered if it would freak you out. I figured there was only one way to find out. I told her to go to your side of the bed and wait for me to wake you up, then she could slide on up and cop a feel. I really didn't think she would but ... fuck, this is turning me on!

"Once she knew she had permission to touch it, she joked that she may need to taste it too. I didn't say no. I guess she thinks that meant yes," Heather said. 

Jeanie looked up at me with my cock in her mouth and nodded in agreement and said, "UH GUTH UH BID." We laughed knowing she meant to say, "I guess I did."

Jeanie's mouth continued moving up and down on my cock head as her tongue started swirling around the tip. Heather was cuddled up to me, stroking my chest while I watched my cock going deeper and deeper into Jeanie's mouth. Her magnificent tits were dangling over my left leg as her head was moving up and down on my shaft.

Jeanie was taking half my cock in her mouth. I could feel my cock hitting the back of her throat on each thrust down. On about the third thrust, she opened her throat and took my entire length. Her tongue darted out and she began licking my balls.

"HOLY FUCK!!" I cried as she deep throated me. Her nose was buried in my pubes and her tongue was licking my balls! Heather has never been able to accomplish that. 

"Oh fuck! That's incredible," I said. "But, again, how did looking at me turn into ... this?" I asked, pointing down at my wife's best friend giving me the best blowjob of my life.

Jeanie slowly moved up my shaft and released my cock with a pop. She sucked in some air and replied, "Well, once we got naked, your wife started trying to get your attention. She called your name a few times but you didn't stir."

She bent down and sucked in my head again and twirled her tongue around it for a moment, then popped back up.

"As I stood there looking at your body ... well, mostly, your cock, I felt something stirring in me. In my pussy. I was feeling all tingly. I didn't realize until Heather pointed it out, that I was busy fingering my clit looking at your naked body. Funny thing is, when I looked at Heather, I was immediately drawn to her fingers stroking her own clit as well."

Jeanie went down again in one motion and took my cock all the way to the base again.

"FUCK JEANIE, WHERE DID YOU LEARN THAT?" I howled.

As Jeanie worked my cock, Heather continued. "We realized that your fantasy, and Jeanie's, could come true, right here, right now. We were both horny and dripping wet."

"OH FUCK JEANIE! SUCK MY COCK BABY!"

"I was so turned on, I asked Jeanie if she'd fuck you if she had the chance. She said she couldn't. I told her, 'Oh yes, you could! There's no way he's going to stop you, and I'm not going to get in the way.'" Heather replied. "I told her I thought it would be fuckin hot to watch my best friend fuck my man."

Jeanie again came up off my cock, caught her breath, looked me in the eyes, and said, "I'm not sure I can cheat on Rob by fucking you, but I had to suck this awesome cock. It's fuckin amazing."

She immediately dove back down, taking my full length again. I looked at Heather. She had a very satisfied smile on her face as she watched me being deep throated by her best friend.

"Oh fuck, baby, this is amazing. I can't believe you agreed to this," I said.

She smiled, kissed me, and said, "I want my man to be happy."

Jeanie was going to town on my cock. I could feel the pressure building and knew I would cum soon.

"Slow down, Jeanie, I want this to last a little longer," I said.

She came up for air, looked at me and said, "No problem. I'm glad you're liking this." She went back down but took her time.

"Heather, baby, can I ask you something?"

Heather leaned in and kissed me again. "Anything, lover."

"Since we're being all ... whatever the fuck this is ... I want to taste her. Do you mind if I taste her pussy?" I asked. Jeanie moaned her approval when she heard it.

Heather had a bemused look on her face. She knows how much I love eating her pussy but hadn't thought about me eating Jeanie's.

"Well honey, I guess that would be up to her. I have no problem with it. We've come this far," Heather replied. "Jeanie, can Nicky taste your pussy?" she asked.

Jeanie pulled her head off me and said, "Damn, that would be even hotter! You should know that I am VERY wet, and I'm going to get wetter, though. You may get more than what you want."

"I love a good, wet pussy. Swing your legs up here. I also love me a good 69er." I said.

Heather slid out of the way as Jeanie, without removing my cock from her mouth, repositioned herself. She slung her slender legs alongside my shoulders. Her pussy was beautiful. She kept herself groomed with just a half inch of pubes in a nice little triangle. Her cunt was dripping wet and her scent was intoxicating.

I reached up and ran a finger from her clit to her anus. She moaned with my cock in her mouth. Heather also moaned in reaction.

I moved in closer and lightly licked across her clit. That brought her mouth off my cock as she moaned, "OH FUCK YEAH! THAT'S WHAT I WANTED!" Then she took my length again.

I started lapping at her clit and working my tongue into her sweet pussy as I reached down and kneaded her gorgeous tits. Jeanie, while still sucking my cock, started moaning, which in turn, made me moan. I heard Heather moaning and looked over to see that she had grabbed her "We Vibe", inserted it in her wet pussy, and was pleasuring herself.

That sent me closer to the edge. I again had to tell Jeanie to slow down. I sucked her clit into my mouth and used my tongue to lightly circle her clit. She responded by grinding her pussy harder into my face. Her juices were flowing down my chin. I reached over and slid a finger inside Heather's wet cunt, finger fucking my sweet wife while lapping at her best friend's clit.

Suddenly, Jeanie tensed up, she started moaning loudly, and pushed her pussy down hard on my mouth and came. HARD!

"HOLY FUCK, NICK! EAT MY CUNT! EAT MY HOT, WET CUNT! MAKE ME CUUUUUUUM! EAT MEEEEEE! I'MMMMM CUMMMMING!!"

I had no choice but to keep sucking and licking her sweet nectar. And it was streaming. We had a squirter on our hands. She literally drenched my face with her cum.

Heather, meanwhile began her own orgasm with the vibrator and my finger inside her. "OH FUCK, THIS IS SO FUCKIN HOT! I'M CUMMING TOO!"

When Jeanie calmed down, she went back to work on my cock. It was different now. She wasn't attacking it. She was very soft and her touch was light ... and wet. Her hands were stroking me but she was lavishing my hard cock with a wealth of saliva. I continued lapping at her drenched cunt.

Suddenly, she rose and turned to face me. FUCK! Those tits! Her tits were amazing and staring me in the face. I reached up and started kneading them and rolling her nipples between my fingers.

"Fuck this shit! I want your cock buried in me." She looked at Heather. "Heather, may I please fuck your hubby? I want this cock in me."

Heather, still feeling woozy from her own orgasm could only nod.

Jeanie straddled me, grabbed my throbbing member, and placed the tip on her clit. She moved my head back and forth over her slit. Soon, I was well lubed and ready as she used me as a dildo on her swollen clit. Then she placed the tip at her opening and started to slowly move down. I watched as my head slowly disappeared in her wet cunt. Suddenly, her eyes lit up and she stopped.

"Don't stop, Jeanie. Don't stop. Fuck me, girl." I pleaded.

She sat perfectly still for a few seconds with a distant look in her eyes. I tried to push myself in but she moved with my thrusts to keep me at bay. Then she sat up and let my cock fall out of her sopping cunt. 

"I can't. I can't. I can't. Fuck! I want to. But I can't. I can't do that to Rob."

I was disappointed but her dilemma was real. 

"I understand. We would never want you to do anything you don't want to do. But I need a release, and you're gonna watch." I said.

"Okay. That sounds fun," she said as I helped her off me and moved over to Heather. I took the "We Vibe" from her pussy and handed it to Jeanie, placed my throbbing cock at her opening, and in one hard motion, I sank my cock into her soaked cunt.

"OH FUCK!" she cried out. "OH FUCK YES! OH FUCK ME! FUCK ME, BABY! FUCK MY HOT CUNT!! SHOW JEANIE WHAT SHE'S MISSING!! FUCK ME!!" Then she got personal. "JEANIE, YOU'RE A FUCKIN IDIOT! LOOK AT THIS STUD FUCK! HE'S THE BEST! YOU'RE SUCH A FUCKIN IDIOT! OH, FUCK ME GOOD BABE!"

And I did. Jeanie, holding the "We Vibe" in stunned silence suddenly realized she was missing out. She inserted it in her soaked pussy, and sat watching us, frigging herself to another orgasm. 

"Fuck, you two are hot! I could watch this all day!" Jeanie moaned.

"YES JEANIE! WATCH HIM FUCK ME! LOOK WHAT YOU'RE MISSING!" Heather screamed as she went over the edge. "FUCK ME NICKY! OH, FUCK, I'M CUMMING! FUCK ME HARDER! FUCK ME DEEPER. OH FUCK YES! OH FUCK, JEANIE! YOU HAVE NO CLUE WHAT YOU'RE MISSING! FUCK ME NICKY!"

I could hear Jeanie moaning as she buried the vibrator in her pussy. Between Jeanie and Heather moaning and screaming, I had all I needed and I shot my hot cum deep in Heather's womb. I pumped for all I was worth and filled her beyond capacity. Sex juice oozed out her hot cunt, down the crack of her ass, and onto the bedspread. I collapsed on her panting like a dog in my exhaustion.

Jeanie, "We Vibe" still in place, moved up and laid down beside us. I felt Jeanie's hand slide down my ass, brushing my anus, as she reached in and rubbed my balls. Heather suddenly jolted below me and Jeanie giggled her amusement. Jeanie had reached further and stroked Heather's sensitive clit while playing with my balls.

"HEY! You didn't say anything about molesting me!" Heather squealed.

"Well, I got me a TwoFer," Jeanie replied with a devilish look on her face. "That was fuckin hot, you guys. Fuck, I love this vibrator. I need to get me one."

Her face changed and in a serious tone, she continued, "Nick, I'm sorry I teased you and led you to think I could fuck you. That wasn't very nice of me."
