 Chapters 1 and 2 can be found at the links on my profile.

Chapter 3 and 4 are combined in this entry. 

Chapter 3: Now that Rob has had his way with Heather, IT'S ON! Or is it? Awkwardness sets in. Drastic measures are needed to save a long-time friendship and turn this into a sexy partnership. 

Chapter 4: Once the awkward passes, Nick introduces a game to break the ice and make sure everyone gets fucked good and hard. 

*****

Chapter 3

AWKWARD!

The anticipation was high. The excitement was in the air. Heather and I were excited for Saturday to get here as soon as could happen. We were both so horny but we wanted to be fresh and ready for our night with our new, sexual best friends. We held our passions from Thursday on. Our excitement was running high ... until Jeanie and Rob actually showed up. 

Our dinner date didn't quite go as planned. All the cards were on the table and nobody was feeling really comfortable. Rob and Heather could hardly look at each other. Even the normally happy, smiley Jeanie was somber and quiet. I have never been the life of the party but I'm usually a good conversationalist. Not this night. No matter what I said, it was like I was on national TV interviewing the most boring people in the world. 

It was painfully awkward. Within fifteen minutes of our guests arriving, I was looking at the clock wondering when it would be time for them to leave. 

At one point, I went to the kitchen to check on dinner in the stove. Heather followed me in. 

"Nick, this is bad. Jeanie ... Rob ... I don't even know what to say. I think our friendship is over. Ruined. Destroyed by our carnal lust." 

"I'd love to disagree with you but you may be right. This is no fun. It's like they're two completely different people; people we don't know and have nothing in common with." 

"What do we do?" Heather asked me, almost sobbing. 

"I don't know, sweetie," was all I had. 

Dinner was close to ready so we called our guests to the dining room. Dinner was served in silence. Here and there, something was said that would normally have us all talking and laughing. All that was coming out were uncomfortable grunts of forced laughter and more silence. It was miserable. 

When dinner was finished, Heather and I picked up the plates and silverware and went in to prepare dessert. We prepared in silence. Even Heather and I were a bit uncomfortable with each other. 

After placing dessert, and each of us had taken a bite or two, I decided enough was enough. I had to say something. I don't know why I said what I said, but what the hell? Something needed to be said. I've never been one to keep my mouth shut. Unfortunately, I've never been accused of being diplomatic either. 

"So Rob, I understand you're a 'one thrust wonder.'" Rob's eyes grew big with shock. Heather nearly choked on her dessert. Jeanie's jaw hit the floor and Rob simply stared at me in disbelief.

"NICK! WHAT THE FUCK?!" Heather shouted. 

"What?" I said, looking at Heather. "Didn't you tell me he was 'one and done?'" I retorted. 

"You're amazing," Heather stated with dripping sarcasm as she stood in a huff and started cleaning up. For her, dinner was over. "I'm so sorry, Rob. I can't believe Nick just asked you that." She started into the kitchen but stopped when she heard Jeanie chime in. 

"Very classy, Nick," Jeanie said as she let out a very weak, sarcastic chuckle and looked at me with disdain.

"Like nobody else is thinking about what has happened between all of us. Why are we all pretending nothing happened?" I asked.

The only response was empty stares. 

"Nobody? But I lack 'class' for bringing it up?" I asked. "So, Rob, how did you enjoy filling my Heather with your cum? Well, other than quickly?" 

Rob, again sat stunned. He opened his mouth as if to speak but nothing was coming out. 

"Spit it out, man." 

Jeanie and Heather looked on in stunned silence waiting to hear Rob's answer yet not really wanting to hear it. 

"Well," he started, "I, um, I, well, I, enjoyed her very much," he finally muttered. 

"I can certainly understand that. I married a keeper, eh?" 

"Yes, Nick, you certainly did," he responded very meekly. "I'm not sure she did," he said glaring at me. If looks could kill, I would certainly be lying dead on the floor. 

I turned to Jeanie. Her eyes widened in nervous fear as she anticipated she was next to be questioned. "Jeanie, what about you. How did you enjoy swallowing my cock?" 

"Fuck you, Nick." She replied with disgust and anger. 

"Well, that's the plan. Am I right? Rob fucked Heather. Now I get to fuck you? Right?" 

"Yeah, THAT'S gonna happen!" Jeanie said sarcastically. "I don't think so. Why are you being such an asshole?" Jeanie asked, and received a very approving nod from Heather as she glared at me. 

"Who's being an asshole? I'm breaking the ice. Getting a conversation started."

"You're being a total ass. Why would you ask these questions? Can't you see that we're all ashamed of what happened? Can't you see that we know we shouldn't have given in to lust?" Jeanie quipped. 

"If that's the case, why the hell are you here now? Did you think we were gonna play Monopoly or something?" I asked. Rob looked at Jeanie with the hope that she would have a good answer. He knew what he was there for. 

I didn't wait for an answer. I looked Jeanie square in the eyes. 

"To be honest, I don't see the need for being ashamed. Everything we did was consensual. For me, having you in my bed, naked, stroking and sucking my cock was INCREDIBLE! Beyond incredible. When you started to sit on my cock, I was in heaven. When you stayed and watched me fuck Heather while using her vibrator on yourself, I have never felt such complete sexual satisfaction. 

"Then, several months later, coming home, finding Heather full of Rob's cum, eating it out of her while she told me how it got there, then fucking her, knowing that his big, thick cock had invaded my territory? Holy shit, I've never been so excited to fuck my wife. And did I ever fuck her! 

"How about seducing Rob, Heather?" I looked at my wife. "You seemed pretty turned on when I arrived home." Her demeanor changed. She was still a bit pissed but when I mentioned Rob's big, thick cock, she softened. 

"It was ... amazing!" she smiled and looked at Rob. "I was so turned on. It didn't last long enough but it was one seriously awesome seduction," she admitted. 

Jeanie had heard enough. "Heather, really? Are you gonna let him get away with this?" she asked. 

"Get away with what, Jeanie? His presentation needs some work, sure, but he's being honest. I enjoyed the night with you and Nick. I enjoyed the afternoon with you and Rob. I have no regrets. I wanted you to enjoy my man and for him to enjoy you. I wanted to enjoy your man." 

Rob had to chime in. "I must admit, I was very flattered that you and Jeanie put on such a blatant display of lust just to get me to fuck you, Heather," Rob stated. "I can't think of any sexual experience I've had that can top that." 

"And I'll admit, watching my entire cock disappear in Jeanie's mouth, and then, AND THEN HER LICKING MY BALLS WHILE SHE'S GAGGING ON ME ... HOLY SHIT!" I shot back. 

"That was soooooo fuckin hot," Heather chimed in. "I also loved 'talking in my sleep' to you, Rob. When you finally looked at me, with your finger buried in my pussy, and I told you to fuck me! Yeah, that's a moment I'll never forget." 

Jeanie, sitting quiet, listening to each of us admit how much we had enjoyed each other, with a scowl on her face, finally had to have her say. I didn't anticipate that any of us were going to like it. She looked down at her feet, took a deep breath, looked back at each of us with disgust, and began talking low and slow. 

"I can't believe this. We're all deviants," she started. "Fucking deviants." 

She lowered her head again and shook it in disbelief. She again raised her head and looked us over again. 

"But, FUCK, we rocked it, didn't we!?" she said triumphantly. "We FUCKIN ROCKED IT!" 

"Yes, we did!" Heather shouted agreement. Rob and I looked at each other and nodded. Jeanie then became serious again. 

"I need some time. I need to sort through my feelings," she practically whispered. 

"Tell us what's on your mind, honey," Rob said as he stroked her back. "We need to get this out and talk about it. Openly." 

Jeanie again lowered her head. "I'm a good girl, baby. I wasn't raised to think that anything we have done is right. I can't get over the shame," Jeanie said and started to cry. "It felt so right, and yet, it felt so wrong. How do I know which to believe?" 

I reached out and took Jeanie's hand. "Jeanie, do you love Rob?" She nodded. "Do you love Heather?" She smiled at Heather and nodded. "How about me? Do you love me?" She squeezed my hand and nodded again. "Is there room in your principles to allow you to love more than one person? Or is one all that's needed?" I asked. 

"I don't know. I just don't know," she cried. "I want this. I want this so bad it hurts." 

Knowing we couldn't rush her into a quick decision, I changed my approach. "Well, let's not hurry into anything. I've always told Heather, and I'll tell you now; don't ever do anything you're not comfortable with. Ever. Know when to say no. Heather and I will respect your choices," I said and looked to Heather who nodded agreement.

"Rob? Would you ever force Jeanie into something she didn't want to do?" I asked. 

Rob continued his comforting rub on Jeanie's back. "Never," he answered me. He then took Jeanie's chin in his hand, gently turned her to face him, looked in her eyes and quietly repeated, "Never!" 

Jeanie, with tears streaming down her cheeks, looked around the room, getting and holding eye contact with each of us. Suddenly, she lowered her head into her hands and started sobbing. Her sobs were different from her crying. 

When she looked back up at us, she was smiling through her sobs. 

"I love you all so much. I just realized that I need to let go of this ... this 'good girl' bullshit I was taught growing up. I need to let it go and let it go now," she said through her sobs. 

Rob moved closer and put his arms around her and kissed her forehead. I remained seated in front of her holding her hand. Heather had moved behind me, her hands on my shoulders. 

"Well, what better time than now. Jeanie, Rob, there's an outstanding debt that must be paid in full. Jeanie, are you ready to give up the 'good girl' image?" I joked, never being one for saying the right thing at the right time. 

"Really, Nick? Right now?" Heather quipped. 

"I'm joking, baby. Sorry Jeanie. Too soon?" I asked. 

"Yeah, a little too soon, asshole," she shot me a death glance, then looked to Heather. "It's okay, girl. Yes, a debt is owed. So, Nick, are you ready to accept payment?" Through her tears, a sly smile crept across her face. 

"Baby," Rob protested, "what are you doing? Nick just insulted us, both ways from Sunday. You're not actually thinking of fucking him now, are you?"

"Hey, I really was kidding. I really don't think this is the right time," I responded. 

Jeanie smiled at me, then looked to Rob. "Rob, we made a deal. You fucked Heather. Nick gets to fuck me." 

"Damn little brain," Rob relented. "Fuckin, stupid, little, fuckin brain." 

"First, I think you're right, Nick. Not tonight. And, I have stipulations," Jeanie stated sternly. "Well, one stipulation." 

"Oh! Really! A Stipulation? No way," I protested. 

She winked at me. "You get one thrust. If you can't cum, you're done." We all laughed. It was the tension breaker we all needed. 

"Oh right! Jeanie, trust me, when I thrust once, you'll beg me for the next, and the next, and the next!" I retorted. 

"Someone's a little 'cocky'," she said. 

"Oooooh, ouch!" I laughed.

"Trust me, bestie, he's more than a 'little' cocky," Heather remarked with a sly grin. "He's a 'BIG DICK'!" Another good laugh. 

"Hey, what about me? I'm a 'BIG DICK' too!" Rob interjected. 

Heather, seeing Rob feeling left out, moved from behind me, sat down beside him on the couch, and placed her hand on his leg. "Nick teased you about being a 'one thrust wonder'. Well, that one thrust was AMAZING! Now trust me when I say, I'm waiting for more. You have no idea how flattering it was that you were so turned on, you could only thrust once in me and cum. I haven't thought of anything else since Wednesday night." 

"Well, babe, hopefully, you won't have to wait much longer," I added winking at Rob. He nodded. 

"Jeanie?" Rob said, looking at his wife. "I hope you're quick to get past this 'good girl' thing cuz we have unfinished business. You owe Nick a good fuckin, and I'd like to show Heather how this dick of mine actually works." 

Jeanie sat quietly staring at the floor slowly shaking her head. "I don't know, Rob. This is all so new and strange." 

Still holding Jeanie's hand, I reached out with my other and nudged her gaze up to my eyes. 

"Jeanie, I don't want you to feel pressure to do anything you're uncomfortable with. Why don't we do this; you and Rob go home, discuss what you want to do, what you're comfortable doing, and what you're willing to do. 

"Heather and I have the advantage of our experience with you several months ago. We've had many discussions and know how far we want to go. We've had some great sex after discussing how hot it would be to include both of you in our sex lives. Rob was just brought in a few days ago.

"I think we all know our friendship has changed and it can never go back to where it was," I added as I shifted my glance from Jeanie to Rob, and then to Heather. All nodded in agreement. "So let's take our time, discuss this privately, and then get together when we're all ready and discuss it openly. If either of you are uncomfortable, we'll respect that, right Heather?" 

Heather nodded. "Absolutely." 

"To be clear, Heather and I are all in. 100 percent." I added. 

Heather nodded. "Yes we are," she added as she rubbed the inside of Rob's leg. 

"So, whaddayasay, Rob? Jeanie?" I asked. 

"I could answer right now but I think that's a good idea," Rob replied. "How about it, babe. You ok with that?"

Jeanie glanced around at each of us in turn. She took the time to look in our eyes and study our sincerity. She gave each of us a smile and nodded. She took in a deep, cleansing breath and then let it out with a loud sigh. 

"Agreed," Jeanie sighed. "Thank you all for being understanding. I want this badly. I really do. I thought I was ready for this, but Rob and I need to take more time to discuss it before we make a full plunge into the deep end." 

We all stood for Rob and Jeanie to go. We all hugged, agreeing that Heather and I would wait to hear from them. We walked them to the door and said goodbye. 

When they were gone, Heather took my hand, led me to the bedroom, and started kissing me as she removed my clothes. 

"You, sir, are a master asshole," she cooed in my ear. 

"Awwww, you say the sweetest things," I said. 

"I don't know how you turned that into something good but you're a master. Now, I'm going to show you how much I appreciate your negotiation techniques." 

Once she had me naked, she pushed me back on the bed and stripped to her sexy birthday suit. She began licking my toes then to my feet, up my legs, to my balls. Once she went to work on my cock, she did her best to match the deep throating I had received from Jeanie so many months ago. I laid back and thought of that night, Jeanie's lips wrapped around my cock, her nose in my pubes, and her tongue licking my balls. 

I had to have Jeanie again. That phone call could not come quickly enough. Heather and I fucked the night away as we moaned our 'Rob and Jeanie' fantasies to each other.

--

Chapter 4: 

The Game

"How are we going to do this?" I heard Heather on the phone. "Mm-hmm, yeah, I don't ... well, yeah but ... wait? WHAT? Are you serious? Mmmm, that sounds fun and sexy." 

"Who you talkin to?" I whispered, knowing it was Jeanie. She brushed me off. 

"Well, yeah, of course, I am. But what about you?" she asked in a serious tone. She waited for the answer then became even more serious. "What about Rob?" Heather asked. 

Ahhh yes. Jeanie! I was liking where this was going. Wait, what about Rob? What the hell? Was he backing out? I tried to move my ear closer to the phone but Heather pushed me away. 

"I guess so. We need to make sure Rob and Nick are good with this ... well, Rob anyway. Nick is 'up' for anything," she air quoted. 

"Why are you air quoting? She can't see you," I whispered. Again, the brush off. 

"Ok girl. Yeah, I get it, and I'm ok with it. Work it out with your man and we'll talk. MmmBye," she finished the call. 

"What was that about?" I asked. "What's going on with Rob?"

Heather was all smiles. "Well, looks like Jeanie is in favor of our group soiree. She also thinks she has to 'pay up' with you before we all get together as a big group ... kind of a debt or something. She wants to be sure Rob is okay with that." 

"I don't expect that. I'd rather we all just got together and have some fun," I replied. 

"REALLY?" Heather reacted. "You don't want Jeanie all to yourself since Rob had me?"

"Well, no, not really," I countered. "First off, the longer we wait, the more time cold feet can settle in. And, to be honest, from the way you told it, we had more fun with Jeanie than they had with you. I received the best blowjob of my life, almost slipped my cock into her, and then had the pleasure of her audience while I fucked you, AND we got to watch her cum as well. Rob diddled you for a few minutes, and while he was able to 'fuck you', it lasted only a few seconds. I think I got the better of the deals. I'm still gonna fuck Jeanie silly but I want this for all of us." 

"Well, that surprises me. I figured you'd want your payday. I'll call her back and let her know," she said. 

"So what's the plan?" I asked. 

"We were thinking the weekend would be perfect. Friday night 'sleepover' work for you?" she emphasized. 

"Set it up. You and Jeanie work out the details for food and drinks. I'll make sure we have the proper mood settings in place."

Friday night couldn't come quick enough. When the doorbell rang a little before 7:00, my hard cock grew another few inches. Heather answered the door and greeted Jeanie with a kiss on the cheek and Rob with a big hug. I hugged Jeanie and shook Rob's hand. The awkwardness from our previous night together seemed to be gone. In fact, there was an electricity in the air. Anticipation was high. Everyone was all smiles. 

Heather had ordered pizzas and soon after our guests, the pies arrived. We sat and ate and talked about current events, kids, politics, and other 'normal' stuff. When we were finished, we moved to the living room and the mood changed. A bit of awkwardness set in as we all realized it was time for the rubber to meet the highway. I realized it was time to take control. 

"Alright, let's get this out of the way. We're all a bit nervous and there's no real way to just start something like this off, other than just getting started," I began. "Jeanie, I see you have your overnight bag. May I assume you and Rob brought the items Heather discussed?" 

"Um, yeah, Nick, we came prepared," she responded with sarcasm. 

"Good. Ok, here's what we're going to do," I instructed. "Rob, you take Jeanie into the spare bedroom and get yourselves ready. Heather and I will go to our room and do the same. When you're ready, come on out and we'll get started." 

"Out of curiosity, what are we going to do? Heather mentioned some kind of game to Jeanie but didn't go into any detail." Rob asked. 

"Good question," I replied. "I have a game that will be fun and should set the proper mood for the rest of the night. The game will start slow with a 'truth or dare' type element, and then work up into more challenges and activities. I think we'll all like what we're in for." 
