 Author's note: Heather and I are strict monogamists. We have NEVER cheated on each other in over 30 years of marriage. 

This is Part 4 of a story that comes from my twisted mind. It's fantasy. When I started writing it, I had no idea where it would end up. Well, as it turns out, it went in a few interesting directions, therefore, there will be a few more stories following up. 

Part 1 can be found here:

Summer Heat 01 - Heather's Surprise

Part 2 can be found here:

Summer Heat 02 - Rob Finds Out

Part 3 can be found here:

Summer Heat 03 - Someone's Cocky

All are in. A Friday night sleepover is scheduled. Nick finds the right sexy game to lighten the mood and prepare the group for some wild, fuckin fuckin. Nick finally gets his chance at Jeanie. 



The Game

"How are we going to do this?" I heard Heather on the phone. "Mm hmm, yeah, I don't ... well, yeah but ... wait? WHAT? Are you serious? Mmmm, that sounds fun and sexy." 

"Who you talkin to?" I whispered, knowing it was Jeanie. She brushed me off. 

"Well, yeah, of course I am. But what about you?" she asked in a serious tone. She waited for the answer then became even more serious. "What about Rob?" Heather asked. 

Ahhh yes, Jeanie. I was liking where this was going. Wait, what about Rob? What the hell? Was he backing out? I tried to move my ear closer to the phone but Heather pushed me away. 

"I guess so. We need to make sure Rob and Nick are good with this ... well, Rob anyway. Nick is 'up' for anything," she air quoted. 

"Why are you air quoting? She can't see you," I whispered. Again, the brush off. 

"Ok girl. Yeah, I get it, and I'm ok with it. Work it out with your man and we'll talk. MmmBye," she finished the call. 

"What was that about?" I asked. "What's going on with Rob?"

Heather was all smiles. "Well, looks like Jeanie is in favor of our group soiree. She also thinks she has to 'pay up' with you before we all get together as a big group ... kind of a debt or something. She wants to be sure Rob is okay with that." 

"I don't expect that. I'd rather we all just got together and have some fun," I replied. 

"REALLY?" Heather reacted. "You don't want Jeanie all to yourself since Rob had me?" 

"Well, no, not really. First off," I started, "the longer we wait, the more time cold feet can settle in. And, to be honest, from the way you told it, we had more fun with Jeanie than they had with you. I received the best blowjob of my life, almost slipped my cock in her, and then had the pleasure of her audience while I fucked you, AND we got to watch her cum as well. Rob diddled you for a few minutes, and while he was able to 'fuck you', it lasted only a few seconds. I think I got the better of the deals. I'm still gonna fuck Jeanie silly but I want this for all of us." 

"Well, that surprises me. I figured you'd want your payday. I'll call her back and let her know," she said. 

"So what's the plan?" I asked. 

"We were thinking the weekend would be perfect. Friday night 'sleepover' work for you?" she air quoted. 

"Set it up. You and Jeanie work out the details for food and drinks. I'll make sure we have the proper mood settings in place."

Friday night couldn't come quick enough. When the doorbell rang a little before 7:00, my hard cock grew another few inches. Heather answered the door and greeted Jeanie with a kiss on the cheek and Rob with a big hug. I hugged Jeanie and shook Rob's hand. The awkwardness from our previous night together seemed to be gone. In fact, there was an electricity in the air. Anticipation was high. Everyone was all smiles. 

Heather had ordered pizzas and soon after our guests, the pies arrived. We sat and ate and talked about current events, kids, politics, and other 'normal' stuff. When we were finished, we moved to the living room and the mood changed. A bit of awkwardness set in as we all realized it was time for the rubber to meet the highway. I realized it was time to take control. 

"Alright, let's get this out of the way. We're all a bit nervous and there's no real way to just start something like this off," I started. "Jeanie, I see you have your overnight bag. May I assume you and Rob brought the items Heather discussed?" 

"Um, yeah, Nick, we came prepared," she responded. 

"Good. Ok, here's what we're going to do," I instructed. "Rob, you take Jeanie into the spare bedroom and get yourselves ready. Heather and I will go to our room and do the same. When you're ready, come on out and we'll get started." 

"Out of curiosity, what are we going to do? Heather mentioned some kind of game to Jeanie but didn't go into any detail." Rob asked. 

"Good question, Rob," I replied. "I have a game that will be fun and should set the proper mood for the rest of the night. The game will start slow with a 'truth or dare' type element, and then work up into more challenges and activities. I think we'll all like what we're in for." 

"Mmmm, I like the sound of that," Heather replied. "How about you, Jeanie?" 

"Sounds fun. And sexy. I'm already pretty hot but a good workup is always good," Jeanie answered. 

"Alrighty then. Off we all go." 

We all jumped up and started off in our own directions. I followed Heather's jean covered ass into our bedroom, then turned to watch as Rob closed the guest room door. 

We started removing our clothes so we could put on our evening attire. I told Heather to have Jeanie and Rob bring some sexy clothing but only a total of six items could be worn for "the game". No more, no less. 

I put on silky boxers, a sexy tank top, a silky t-shirt, silk pajama bottoms, and a pair of socks. Heather had gone out and purchased a new teddy. When she put it on, I almost creamed myself. Damn, she was hot. It was all white with pink ruffles. It consisted of a panty, bustier, stockings, garter, and a neck chain. It was all sheer enough to see through without being completely slutty. 

Heather is tall and slender. She stands 5'10" with long legs and smallish breasts, which are perfect for me. She has long brunette hair which is naturally curly leaning toward frizzy. Her new teddy highlighted her long form and hair perfectly. 

When we were both ready, I took my sweet wife in my arms, kissed her passionately while running my hands all over her body. I asked if she was ready. She smiled at me, gave my cock a squeeze, and nodded. We exited the bedroom and returned to the living room. 

We stood, waiting for the guest room to open. We could hear Rob and Jeanie giggling and having some fun through the door. Heather, being impatient, walked over, put her ear to the door, smiled, and then knocked. 

"Come on you two. Save some for us," she giggled. 

Jeanie let out a loud laugh, not from Heather's comment, but from whatever Rob was doing. "ROB! Stop it!" she almost shouted. "We're on our way out," she said and laughed some more before the door opened. 

When the door opened, I almost creamed again. Heather and Jeanie were in the same lingerie. They shopped together. When Jeanie came out, she walked over to Heather, turned to Rob and me, and said, "Whaddayathink boys?" 

I looked at Rob, who had turned to look at me. We both turned back to our sexy wives and said, in unison, "HOLY SHIT!" 

We all laughed. 

Jeanie is short, about 5'4", also slender and shapely. Her hair is shoulder length, nicely curled framing her pretty face. Her breasts are larger than Heather's but perfectly shaped with quarter sized, pointy nipples. She had also picked the teddy that matched her frame perfectly. 

Rob was wearing close to the same items I was wearing. "You two shop for us too?" Rob smiled. 

"Alright, now that our flags are flying full staff, let's get seated and start this game," I said. "Rob, you and Jeanie can sit there," I said, pointing to one of our plush love seats, "and Heather and I will sit here," I said, pointing to the other love seat. 

With all of us seated, I explained the game. "I found this game online. I downloaded it to this tablet. It's a 'Wheel of Fortune' type game with several categories. We're going to start with 2 categories, 'Truth' and 'Clothing'. When you spin, you'll get one of those two. If it's a truth category, you must answer a question. If it's clothing, you must follow the instructions. Some of them will be you removing clothing, and some will be someone else removing your clothing. Either way, something is coming off somebody.

"As the game, and our level of comfort escalates, I'll add more categories, and remove the ones we don't need any longer. Any questions?" I asked. 

"What if something comes up that I ... or we ... don't want to do?" Jeanie asked. 

"Nobody has to do anything they don't want to do. If that happens, we'll re-spin the wheel. Good?" 

Everyone nodded. "Any other questions?" I asked. 

"How do we determine a winner?" Asked Rob. Typical man. Always competing. 

Heather was quick in her answer. "I think it's safe to say that we're all gonna be winners tonight, sweetie." We all smiled at each other and nodded in agreement. 

"Let's begin," I said. "I've already input our names and genders. I will go first, followed by Heather, then Rob, then Jeanie. The game will automatically read our names, bearing in mind our genders, into the instructions. Y'all ready?" 

Everyone nodded. I spun first. "Truth: Have you ever had sex with someone and not known their name?" 

"Nope," I answered honestly. 

"Well, can you name all the girls you had sex with?" Heather asked. 

"You already know babe. But, yes, Karla and Carol." 

"Who was your fave?" Jeanie asked. 

"Heather," I responded. 

"Good answer, stud," Heather winked at me. 

"Soon to be followed by you," I said looking at Jeanie. 

"Mmmmmm, I'm lookin forward to that," she relied. 

Heather's took the tablet and spun the wheel. "Truth: What is the most uncomfortable place you ever had sex?"

"Oh, that's easy. In Eddie Murphy's barn. Damn that straw bail was itchy." 

"Babe, you never told me about that," I said. 

"It was quite forgettable, believe me." 

"What about Eddie? Was he 'forgettable'?" I asked. Heather scowled at me. I smiled. 

Rob's turn. "Clothing: Remove one piece of clothing from you, as sexy as you can." 

"Well, someone has to lose something first," he said as he did a slow, sexy strip tease to remove a sock. Heather and Jeanie couldn't help but sing the "stripper song" as he bared his left foot. 

"That was THE sexiest sock removal EVER!" Heather noted. Rob batted his eyebrows at her. 

Jeanie's took the tablet: "Clothing: Remove one piece of clothing from Nick using just your feet and toes." 

"YES!" I cheered. 

Jeanie moved toward me, looked at Rob with a nasty look, and said, "I ain't wasting this on a stupid sock." 

She told me to stand, sat down in front of me, and began tugging at my pajama bottoms with her toes. She seemed to have a poor aim as she was all over my cock with her feet. It took several attempts for her to get my bottoms off me. 

"You need to work on your foot skills, sister," Heather said. 

"Her foot skills are perfect," I said standing there in my silky boxers with my cock straining to be free. 

My turn again. I took the tablet and spun the wheel. "Clothing: Pull off Jeanie's panties with your teeth."

"NOT FAIR!" Jeanie cried. "You have PJ bottoms AND boxers. I have nothing on under my panty." 

"Sucks to be you," I laughed. "Stand up." 

"I don't like this one bit," she said in mock protest as she stood to face me, smiling. 

"Yeah, you LOVE it," I said. I kissed her on the cheek, batted my eyebrows at her, smiled, and dropped to my knees in front of her. 

I reached out and placed my hands on her thighs below her ass to steady myself, stopped to admire her wares, then leaned in and grabbed the elastic band on her panty with my teeth just above her mound. I started pulling it down as her neatly trimmed bush appeared before my eyes. I could smell her musky aroma. 

I continued pulling her panty down until it was well below her heavenly triangle. I then turned her around, and started tugging at the elastic over her ass crack until her full, round ass was visible. 

I turned her back to face me and, as I went in to grab the panty, I stuck out my tongue and licked her clit. 

"HEY!" she shouted. "WHAT WAS THAT?" 

"Sorry, I slipped," I chuckled. "Won't happen again," I said, and quickly licked her clit again. 

"That's it, buster," she huffed and pushed my head away. "No more for you," she said, and pulled her panty the rest of the way off. 

"Awwww!" I protested. 

"You blew it, mister," she smiled at me. 

"Yeah, I think not," I smiled back. "You taste good tonight!" I complimented. 

"Thanks. Play the game right, and you'll be tasting a lot more of me." 

Heather's spun the wheel: "Clothing: You and Nick will blindfold each other, then remove one article of clothing from each other, slowly and sensuously." 

"Sweet!" Heather squealed. "Come here, Nicky. That cock is being set free." 

"Yeah, well your titties are about to be exposed, babe."

Rob and Jeanie joined to blindfold us. Rob stood behind Heather as Jeanie did the same with me. Just before the blindfold moved over my eyes, I saw Heather's hand reach around and grab Rob's cock. I followed suit and reached around as Jeanie tied my blindfold and played with her pussy. Holy shit, she was soaking wet. I could hear Rob moaning softly but Jeanie made no sound as she ground her naked, wet cunt into my hand. 

"Alright, you two," Jeanie announced, "stop groping us and get busy!" 

With my right hand still buried in Jeanie's pussy, I reached out for Heather with my left. I found her shoulder and pulled her toward me. I removed my fingers from Jeanie and placed them on Heather's lips. Heather opened her mouth, and sucked my fingers. She moaned softly when she tasted Jeanie's cum on my fingers. 

Heather reached for my boxers as I reached for her bustier. Damn, there were a lot of hooks back there. I slowly undid each hook. I could feel Rob's arms around Heather and knew he was playing with her tits. She was moaning softly in my ear. Jeanie, in the meantime, was giving me the reach around as well, stroking my hard cock as Heather was pulling my boxers down. Heather's hand left my boxers for a moment and I heard Jeanie gasp in my other ear. Heather just got her revenge for our first encounter. 

I finished the last hook and slid the bustier off Heather's shoulders. She bent down to finish taking off my boxers. While down there, she took my cock in her mouth and sucked the head for a few seconds. This game was off to a flying start. We removed our blindfolds and sat down. 

Heather's breasts, my cock, and Jeanie's pussy were now exposed. It was then that Rob said, "Good lord, look at the length of Nick's cock." 

Jeanie just smiled and said, "I told you. Now you know why I'm so hot to have that fucker in my pussy." 

"Yeah," he said, "I get it now." 

Rob's took the tabllet. "Clothing: Perform a lap dance for Heather to music while removing one item of clothing." 

"Yummy." Heather said. "And don't waste my time with the other sock." 

I got up and put on some smooth jazz and grabbed a chair from the dining room for Heather to sit in. Rob moved over to Heather and started dancing. I swear, he had to have been a Chippendale dancer at some point. He had the moves. 

He started the dance and was gyrating his hips with the music. His cock was a few short inches from Heather's face. She was mesmerized. He suddenly started playing with his cock through the flimsy material, and tugging on the waistband. Slowly, he pulled his PJs AND boxers down and his cock sprung free and slapped Heather on the cheek. We all laughed. 

Much to Rob's chagrin, Heather was a good girl and kept her hands to herself. When the music died, Rob returned to his place by Jeanie, and Heather returned to me. 

"Did I waste your time?" Rob asked. 

"Hell no, stud. That was amazing," Heather purred. 

"Yes it was," Jeanie said. "I am so fuckin horny!" 

"Um, the instruction was ONE item of clothing," I pointed out.

"Shut the fuck up, Nick," Heather said as she elbowed me in the ribs. 

We all laughed and continued the game. We were all fuckin hot and ready for anything. 

"Now, we need to get Heather out of her panties and Jeanie's tits out of that bustier," Rob said. 

"HEAR HEAR!" I agreed. "Especially those magnificent tits on your wife. I can't wait to see them again."

Jeanie's grabbed the tablet and spun the wheel. "Clothing: Rob will select and remove one piece of clothing from you." 

"Your wish is my command, buddy," Rob said to me with a wink. "Your tits, madam." 

Jeanie turned her back to Rob as he began the tedium of undoing all those hooks. When he finished, the bustier fell to the floor and my cock grew even bigger. 

"Jeanie," I stated, "that is one nice rack of titties." 

"You've got nothing to complain about, dude," Rob shot back. "Heather, your tits are perfect as well." 

"Well, the "Truth" category has been all but ignored so far. I'm going to remove it and add, let's see, 'Caress.' Let's see what that brings." I said. 

I manipulated the game and spun the wheel. "Clothing: Ask Jeanie to remove one item of clothing of your choice." 

"Geez, more clothes. Ok, how about that garter."

Jeanie shrugged and stood to remove the garter. No harm, no foul. She was still just as naked. 

Heather's turn. "Clothing: Remove an article of clothing from Rob with your teeth." 

"Mmmmm, that sounds fun," Heather said as she moved toward Rob. 

"Where do you want me?" Rob asked. 

"Right where you are, stud." 

Heather bent down as if she were going to take his top t-shirt off. She didn't even go for the shirt. She licked the head of Rob's cock, slowly worked her way down to his balls, down his leg, and removed his 2nd sock. Once the sock was gone, she followed her path back to his balls and cock and gave him another quick tease. 

"That was fuckin sexy, baby," I said. 

"And fuckin tasty," she purred. 

Rob's turn. "Clothing: Remove one piece of clothing from each lady with only your teeth." 

"HOT DAMN!" Rob shouted. "Get your sweet ass over here, Heather. Your panties are GONE! I'm ready to see your sweet pussy again." 

Heather stood before him. As he bent down to take the elastic in his teeth, Heather grabbed his head and pushed him into her sex and held him there for about 10 seconds. He simply held himself there and breathed in her sexy aroma. When she let him go, he pulled her panty down and lapped her clit a few times. Turnabout is fair play, I guess. 

He then called Jeanie to him and removed a stocking. With Heather's panty lying on the floor, we were all displaying all our goodies. We were ready for more. 

Jeanie's spun the wheel. "Caress: Tickle the back of Nick's neck with the tip of your tongue." 

"Mmmm, let's see if that cock can get any bigger," she cooed. 

"I'm sure you can find a way," I smiled. 

Jeanie moved behind me and slowly traced her tongue around my neck, which happens to be a very sensitive spot for me. She reached around and rubbed my chest and stomach stopping just short of my hard cock. I had goosebumps on my goosebumps when she was done. 

When she finished, she sat back down by Rob. Heather was stroking my cock and Jeanie was doing the same for Rob. 

"I'm adding another category. This one is called 'Fun'. Let's see what it brings." 

I added the category and spun the wheel. "Fun: Do a cart wheel, naked." 

"Ok, now we're getting somewhere," I said sarcastically as I stood up and removed the rest of my attire. I stood in front of my wife, her best friend and hubby, bare-ass naked, and did my best cart wheel as they cheered. 
