 Author's note: Heather and I are strict monogamists. We have NEVER cheated on each other in over 30 years of marriage. 

This is Part 2 of a story that comes from my twisted mind. It's fantasy. When I started writing it, I had no idea where it would end up. Well, as it turns out, it went in a few interesting directions, therefore, there will be a few more stories following up. 

Part 1 can be found here:

Summer Heat 01 - Heather's Surprise

Will Rob come around and join in? Will Heather go through with seducing him? Will Nick be jealous? Will Jeanie allow this debauchery? Will Nick get his wish to fuck Jeanie? 



"WELL, IT'S DIFFERENT"

Over the next several weeks, Heather and I were on fire. We've never really been way open about our fantasies but we were having some wild sex while discussing what we secretly dreamed about. 

Heather and Jeanie had spoken a few times, laid out some plans, but couldn't quite get the timing right to seduce Rob. Each time they attempted to get him alone, something would come up, or someone would drop by their house. Jeanie would often be at the house when I would come home from work. My cock always did a little anticipation dance when I'd see her car in front of the house, only to be deflated with bad news when I walked in the house. 

Jeanie remained true to her word. No amount of coaxing from me could get a repeat performance of our night in ecstasy. Heather would usually give me dirty looks when I suggested any kind of fun. I didn't push it. 

A few more months passed, and we had all but given up on the idea. The fire seemed to be out. Heather and Jeanie had even stopped talking about it. We had a few holidays come and go where we all got together to celebrate. The sexual tension was high when Jeanie was around Heather and me, and I had a difficult time hiding my constant erection in her presence but nothing was happening. Every time she flashed that smile, I could see her nose buried in my pubes. Damn, I wanted to fuck her senseless and turn that gorgeous smile into an ecstasy face. 

As for Heather and me, our sex remained hot as we talked about our fantasies, but realized that they would remain just that. It was fun listening to Heather recount the attempts at seducing Rob. Heather had actually told Jeanie that she had received her directive, from me, that she had to fuck Rob so I could fuck her. Jeanie seemed to want it more after that but it just never materialized. 

It was nearly a year later. Our lives were back to normal. Jeanie and Rob were still good friends, but just friends; nothing more. Our activities, when together, were back to normal with no spark, no flair. It was over. 

I came home from work one day and didn't find Heather working around the house. When I called her name, she answered me from the bedroom. I went in and found her lying in bed with the blanket over her. She looked worn out and unkempt. Her hair was a mess and she was wearing no makeup. 

"What's goin on, Babe? Are you sick?" I asked in concern. 

"Well, no, not really." 

"What's the matter?" 

"I have something for you." she said in a sexy voice. 

"Really? What?" 

"Come over here and get it. I've been holding it for you for a few hours." 

'Holding it?' I wondered out loud. "Did you get me a puppy or something?" 

As I moved over to the bed, she uncovered herself, revealing her naked body. She spread her legs. Her cunt was dripping wet and oozing her juices. I simply stared in amazement while my cock began to rise. 

"Eat me!" she commanded. 

"Um, that's not a puppy!?" I joked, my cock growing bigger. 

She smiled then repeated, "Eat me." 

"Geez, baby! You're so fuckin wet. What have you been thinking about?" I asked. 

"Shut up and eat me!" she demanded again. 

"Yes ma'am! My pleasure," I said as I removed my shoes, shirt, and pants. I crawled between her legs and glided my tongue from her anus to her clit. When I reached the top, I noticed something was a little off. 

"What's that?" I puzzled. "You taste ..." I paused, not knowing how to describe it, "different."

"You like?" 

"Well, it's different. What did you do? Did you get a new edible jelly?" 

"You could say that," she said. 

I licked again, still trying to figure out what I was tasting. It was her, but something new was in the mix. I looked up at her with another puzzled expression. 

She flashed a sexy smile at me. "That's Rob's cum. Is it edible?" 

"ARE YOU FUCKIN SERIOUS?" 

"Yes baby. You're eating Rob's cum out of my cunt. Baby, he fucked me. He fucked me! He filled me up. And now you're eating his cum. After you eat all his cum, you're gonna fuck me. While you're busy down there, I'm gonna tell you all about it." 

"Well fuck me! Holy shit! How did this happen? Tell me everything. And I hope you took pictures," I said before diving back into her cum filled cunt. I stuck my tongue deep into her twat to get all his cum out. She tasted sweet and salty. It seemed a bit odd to enjoy slurping up another man's cum but it was insanely hot! 

"Nope, no pictures, but ... WOW!" she wandered off, eyes glazed. 

"Hey!" I snapped her back to attention. "Tell me!" 

"Yeah, right. Ok. Today, Jeanie called me, said she wanted to borrow SOMETHING," she emphasized with air quotes. "I told her to come get IT, whatever IT was. She asked me if I was expecting anyone. I told her no and mentioned that all the kids are away."

Meanwhile, I was busy burying my tongue as deep as possible in her messy cunt. Fuck, she tasted good! 

"She told me Rob was coming with her but he didn't know she was calling me. He just figured they were stopping to pick something up and that she'd be sure he'd be the first one through the door. She told me to put on something sexy AND play opossum on the couch in the living room, and they would walk in on me." We always walk into each other's homes without more than a short knock, if even that, and enter. Best friends don't need to answer doors for each other. 

"Mmmmm baby, this is making me horny to think about," I said as I released her clit from between my teeth. "So what did you wear? I hope you wore the little red thing you bought a few months back. If that didn't work on him, he's fuckin gay." I dove back in to her steaming cunt eagerly eating my fill. 

Heather's breathing was getting ragged. "You read my mind. And, baby, he's NOT gay! Trust me. I know what that little number does for you so I figured I'd give it a whirl on Rob. Yeah, he's not gay. 

"Oh fuck baby! Yeah, right there! Eat me! Eat Rob's cum out of me! 

"She said she'd see me soon. Mmmm, I got so fuckin wet putting on my lacy lingerie that the panties were soaking wet just a few moments after I put them on."

I continued eating, licking, and sucking her sweet pussy as she told me how she was able to seduce Jeanie's man. 

"I sat out in the living room watching for them to come. When they got here, I laid down on the couch and pretended to be asleep. When Rob opened the door and walked in, he had an unobstructed view of my entire lingerie covered frontal body." 

"Fuck, baby, what happened? I would think he would bail," I said as I stood to remove my boxers and socks. I repositioned myself to continue eating her luscious, wet pussy

She continued. "I had my eyes closed so I didn't see his initial reaction but I didn't hear him walking away. Jeanie was apparently way behind him so it was up to him how long to ogle me before she busted him. I waited about five seconds and slowly opened my eyes as if waking up. He wasn't looking at my eyes so he didn't notice I was watching him." 

"How long did it take for him to notice?" I asked between laps on her clit. 

"Well, he was so busy looking at my goodies, he didn't notice. I closed my eyes again and slowly moved my hand to my pussy and started rubbing myself. I moved really slow hoping he would think I was in a dream state. It seemed to work. He just stood there watching me diddle myself."

"Oh, that's funny. Caught in the cookie jar and didn't even know." 

"I could hear Jeanie messing with something outside giving him plenty of time to watch. When I finally heard her start up the stairs, I heard him start to move back out the door. They met in the doorway and I could hear them whispering. I couldn't hear everything but from what I did hear, he was trying to get out and she was blocking him." 

I laughed. "How did you keep from reacting?"

"It was hard. I simply laid there and continued playing with my pussy hoping he wouldn't completely bail out. Jeanie took care of that. I heard her whisper, 'Look at her Rob. She's so gorgeous. She's so sexy. You've told me you think she's pretty and, if you had a chance, you'd like to do her, right?'"

"Did you hear his answer?" I asked, still eating her. 

"Oh yeah! FUCK! I almost climaxed. He said, 'Well, yeah, she's sexy as hell. And look what she's wearing.' He told her he was hard as a rock, but this isn't right. He told her to let him outta there." 

"What'd Jeanie do?"

"She told him to quit whining and enjoy the show. He told her he'd be mortified if I woke up and found him staring at me. So Jeanie said, 'Then let's wake her up ourselves.' 

"He was still whispering but if one can yell in a whisper, he whisper-yelled, 'Are you kidding me, Jeanie? Heather is your best friend. This is crazy.'" 

"Yeah," I said, "it IS crazy! Now he knows how I felt when you and Jeanie attacked me." 

"I can imagine," she said and then continued. "Somehow, she talked him in to it. I heard her approaching me and felt her presence close. She had kneeled down on the floor in front of me. She had grabbed Rob by the hand and had dragged him over and made him kneel as well. They both started whispering very softly not wanting to "wake" me. HAHA, I was so horny. God, I wanted his hands on me. 

"So, I'm lying there, fingers rubbing my clit, totally exposed for Rob to see, and I start faking like I'm talking in my sleep." 

"Oh, that's hot. This should be interesting. What did you say?" I asked. 

"It was amazing. I started in a faint whisper. I started saying things I would say when you're making love to me, like, 'Oh Nicky, yes! That feels so good. Yes, baby, lick my cunt. I love when you suck my clit.' Stuff like that. I heard Jeanie ask him if he wanted to touch me. His gasp told me he about shit his pants.

"He whispered again really loud and said, 'Are you fuckin kidding me? You want me to touch her? She's your best friend?' I was so fuckin wet, I don't know how I managed to keep up the charade." 

"How long did it take her to get him to touch you ... I mean, you're full of his cum so obviously, he eventually touched you ... right?" I asked sarcastically. 

"Oh yeah, he touched me. FUCK, did he touch me. I think Jeanie grabbed his hand and did the work for him. I was pretty surprised. She put his hand on mine and he kinda followed along where I was rubbing. Once he started touching me, Jeanie surprised me and came clean to him right there. She was still whispering but told him what she and I had done to you. She even told him how she had your cock nearly inserted in her pussy before she came to her senses. She told him every detail." 

"He didn't shit gold bricks?" I asked. 

"Quite the contrary. I could tell he was shocked but he was fascinated. His hand never left my hand. He never stopped rubbing at my pussy. He started asking her questions like, 'What the hell were you thinking?' and 'Was this really your idea or did Nick put you up to it?' All kinds of silly questions. 

"Once the shock wore off, his voice became quieter and sexier. His questions turned sexy. 'How big is Nick's cock?' and 'If it's THAT long, how did you take it all down your throat?' All the while, he was still helping me diddle my clit, while I was moaning and talking."

Heather was squirming as I continued eating her sweet cunt. Her hands were on my head, guiding me to the right spots. She let out a long, satisfied sigh before continuing. 

"Then I did it, Nicky. I made him turn the corner." 

"What? What did you do?"

"I started moaning his name. 'Oh, yeah, rub my pussy, Rob. Mmmm, like that, Rob. Fuck, it feels so good. Eat me, Rob. Eat my cunt. Oh, Rob, you make me so wet." 

"Serious? Fuck, that'd be too much for me to handle. What did he do?"

"He asked Jeanie if he could do to me what she had done to you. She told him to go for it. Not two seconds later, his hand moved mine to the side and he started rubbing my clit harder. He slid a finger past my panty and slid it slowly in me. FUCK, I don't know how I didn't cum. Nicky, Rob was rubbing my cunt. He was actually rubbing my cunt and finger fucking me.

"I was so close to cumming. I had to "wake up" so I opened my eyes and looked right at him as he was staring at my slippery cunt and rubbing me. He didn't notice me looking at him so I continued my "dirty talk" using his name. 'Oh yes, fuck me Rob. Fuck my cunt. Fuck me good, Rob.' 

"He slowly shifted his gaze away from his finger lodged in my pussy, and started admiring my body. He took his time and used his other hand as if reading my body by braille. He started with my mound, moved up my stomach, to my breasts. Suddenly, he was looking at my face and saw I was awake. He gasped and looked shocked but he continued rubbing me, one hand on my titties, while still finger fucking me with the other." 

"I can't believe the shit didn't hit the fan," I mused. 

"He was hooked. When he looked at me, I smiled, put my hand over his that was in my cunt, and told him, 'Wow, my dreams are coming true. I've always wanted you to touch me there.' I then noticed that Jeanie was stroking his cock through his pants while he was rubbing my clit." 

"Wow. His little brain took over. I certainly get that," I chuckled. 

"So, he's looking in my eyes as he's stroking me. He says, "Fuck, Heather, are you sure you're ok with this?' I just smiled, and pushed his finger deeper in my pussy. He took the cue and said, 'I guess you are.' So I moved my hand down to my soaked panties and pulled them to the side to give him better access. 

"Jeanie was also busy. Once I was "awake", she undid his pants and had his cock out, pulling and stroking him to perfection."

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum just hearing this, baby," I interjected. 

"Nicky, your tongue feels so good, but I need your cock in me. I need you to fuck me while I finish telling you how he fucked me." 

She didn't need to tell me twice. I moved up her body, kissing my way to her navel, on to her breasts, to her neck, and then, with one good, passionate kiss, I entered my sweet wife's dripping cunt, knowing that Rob had invaded her space only a few hours before. 

"Oh FUCK! Yes! I need your cock. Fuck me slow, baby, while I tell you about Rob's big cock fucking me." 

I could only moan my approval. 

She grabbed my ass and pulled me in to her deeper. "So, he's rubbing my pussy and finger fucking me. I was dripping wet. I don't know how I didn't cum all over his hand. Jeanie bent down and started sucking him off. His face was immaculate. I wish I could have taken a picture. He was in heaven.

"I shifted my weight so I could spread my legs wider and asked him to give me the same treatment he was getting from Jeanie. He asked if I was sure. He may not be the brightest bulb, so I reached out, grabbed the back of his head, and pulled his mouth to my sopping cunt. Fuck, Nicky. He ate it like he hadn't eaten in months. I spasmed and gushed my cum all over his face." 

"Fuck, that's hot. So what happened next?" 

"Well, Jeanie was sucking him, I was soaking his face, and he was busy lapping up as much of my cum as he could. I was so caught up in the moment, I screamed out, 'FUCK ME ROB! STICK THAT BIG COCK IN ME AND FUCK MY CUNT!'

"When Jeanie heard that, she popped up to assess the sitch. He didn't say a word. He just looked at her with that "Can I?" look on his face. She kissed his cum soaked lips and said, 'Fuck her, Rob. Let her know what a real man feels like in a cunt.'" 

"A 'real man'?" I laughed. "FUCKIN BITCH!" We both laughed. 

"Yeah, that made me chuckle. But Rob was still unsure until she told him, again, that your big cock was inside her up to the head and she had only stopped out of love and loyalty to him. She then told him that I had your permission to fuck his brains out. 

"He looked at me in wonder and said, 'Let's be clear. Are you saying that Nick has given you permission to cheat on him ... with me?' 

"I said, 'That's right, stud. You can fuck me with Nick's blessing. It's not cheating. This was planned, getting you here, me waiting for you, dressed like this. Nick knows, and wants you to fuck me.' 

"His cock was so hard. FUCK it was huge! But he wanted to know why you were so willing to allow him to fuck me.

"'It's simple,' I said. 'If you fuck me, he thinks you'll let him fuck Jeanie. He's a selfish asshole.' We all got a chuckle out of that. 

"When the laughter died, he looked at Jeanie and asked her if she wanted to fuck you. 

"Jeanie told him that we all have to be in agreement but, yes, she would enjoy having your cock in her pussy. She told him to do it. She told him to fuck me. 

"Rob looked at me again and, with his eyes, asked again for permission. I simply said, 'Fuck me, Rob. Put that big fuckin cock in my cunt and fuck me!' 

"He looked back at Jeanie. She repeated the deal that if he fucks me, you get to fuck her and asked if he was good with that.  

"He looked back at me and said, 'Deal!'" 

"FUCK, BABE! This is amazing. I can't believe Rob actually went for this."

"What, like I'm not hot and beautiful?" she frowned. 

"Yeah, like that's what I meant," I said sarcastically. 

"I know what you mean. This doesn't seem like him, or Jeanie either. Damn, we have awesome friends," she said. 

"Fuckin A!" I confirmed. 

"So, now that he has permission, he tells Jeanie to get him ready while he does the same for me. Jeanie swallowed his cock, getting him good and wet, while he went back to work spreading his saliva all over my already drenched cunt. 

"After just a few seconds of this, he grabbed my ass, swung me around, ripped the panties off me, and put that monster dick at my cunt hole. Just as he started entering me, Jeanie grabbed his cock and stopped him. Fuck, I thought she was going to back out. Instead, she guided him in but only the head. 

"With his head inside me, Jeanie reminded him that this is where she had been on your cock and it wasn't too late to back out. 

"Really?? Was she trying to ruin things?" I asked. 

"I don't think so. I think she just wanted to make sure we were all thinking clearly."

"So what happened?" I asked. 

"I looked at Jeanie and told her to SHUT THE FUCK UP! I then looked at Rob and said, 'FUCK ME, DAMNIT! SLAM YOUR BEAUTIFUL COCK IN ME! RIGHT FUCKIN NOW!!'

"So Jeanie moved her hand and said, 'Shove it in, baby. Make her hurt!' and he did! He shoved it in to the bottom. Fuck, it hurt SOOOOOO FUCKIN GOOD!

"Nicky, baby, his cock is about an inch shorter than yours but a little thicker. Well, it's a lot thicker. When he hit bottom, I felt stretched. I had another gushing orgasm, and I almost fainted. I screamed and wrapped my hands around his ass and pulled him tighter. 

"I can't believe this but in that one thrust, with my cum gushing in every direction, and me pulling his ass to get his massive cock deeper inside me, he blew his load. One fuckin thrust baby, and I had him shooting his cum all up inside me. FUCK, Nicky, he has a lot of cum. It was running all over the place. When he pulled out, I had to put my hand over my cunt to keep it all in. I saved it for you, sweetie. 

Did you love eating it?" 
