 At the end of Chapter 4, Rob and Heather are spent. Heather is cuddled up to Rob as they sleep. Nick and Jeanie just finished a satisfying fuck and are ready for sleep with Nick's semi-hard cock still in her cum soaked pussy. Sleep takes over. Nick is in dream land until his dreams turn real. 

This is Chapter 5 of my twisted mind. More fantasies are revealed and fulfilled leading up to some interesting, unanswered questions. 

Click here for Chapter 1

Click here for Chapter 2

Click here for Chapter 3

Click here for Chapter 4

*****

Something New and Interesting

Things are foggy and lack definition. I'm suddenly aware I'm in the mountains, pine trees surround me. I'm in the middle of a colorful meadow covered with pretty, colorful wildflowers. A cool breeze is blowing. Somewhere off in the distance, I can hear Heather's soft, sweet voice. "Fuck me. Fuck me, Nick. Fill me with your sweet manhood. Fuck me, baby." 

I look up and find Heather with a look of sexual bliss. I'm fucking her. She looks heavenly. Her long, brunette hair is blowing in the wind, across her breasts. Her breasts are bathed in the morning sunlight. She's my goddess, her perfect pussy is bouncing up and down on my swollen cock. Her juices are glistening on my cock in the morning light as she works herself up and down. 

"Fuck me, Nick," she repeated. "Oh baby, you feel so good inside me. Fuck me." I continued pumping into her, slowly, deliberately. I want this moment to last. 

I'm suddenly aware I'm dreaming and I would be awake soon. I continue fucking my sweet Heather. God, it feels good. It feels real. 

I slowly start regaining consciousness. Damn, it feels even better. I can still hear Heather urging me to fuck her. 

I stirred and slowly opened an eye. A blurry, sleeping Jeanie came into focus. 

"Fuck me, Nick," Heather said again. "Fuck me good. Fuck me slow, baby. Fuck me with your big hard cock. Make me cum, sweetie." 

Confused, I opened the other eye. Am I still dreaming? I'm looking at Jeanie but she was still asleep. I was slowly fucking her. I closed my eyes tightly, wondering if I'm delusional. 

Heather's voice was still calling me. "Oh, Nicky, fuck me. God, it feels so good. Fuck me, baby. I'm gonna cum!" 

I re-opened my eyes. It's still Jeanie, asleep. What? Wow! I looked down between us. I was rock hard and fucking Jeanie. 

"Fuck me, Nick," Heather's voice was soft in my left ear. I turned and found my wife's beautiful face. She was beautifully naked, smiling at me. "Fuck her, Nick. Fuck her good. Make her cum in her sleep," she whispered. 

I turned and looked over at the other loveseat. Rob was still naked, rolled in a ball, asleep. I looked back at Heather. She bent down and kissed me softly. 

"Are you loving this?" she asked. "I fucked Rob again in the middle of the night, watching you sleep with your cock in Jeanie. Now, watching you, fucking her in your sleep is so hot!" 

I whispered back, "Oh yeah, babe. This is amazing. And that was the best wake up call, EVER!" 

"See if you can make her cum in her sleep. Fuck her good, baby," she whispered back and kissed me again. 

I continued slowly sliding in and out of Jeanie as Heather planted kisses all over my face and rubbed my bare chest and stomach. She reached down and placed her fingers in a 'peace sign' on both sides of my cock as I pistoned slowly in and out of Jeanie's still soaking cunt. 

"Fuck her, baby," she kept repeating in my ear. "Fuck her slow. Don't wake her. Make her cum in her sleep." 

Suddenly, and surprisingly, Heather turned her hand and started rubbing Jeanie's clit. Jeanie responded by moaning and pushing back harder against my slow thrusts. 

"Baby," Heather whispered, "I'm rubbing Jeanie's clit. I can feel your cock sliding in and out of her. Does that turn you on for me to rub Jeanie's clit and your cock at the same time?" 

"Damn, baby, you know it does," I whispered back. 

"You fuck her and I'll rub her clit until she cums. Go slow. Let's not wake her." 

Jeanie continued moaning and pushing back against my thrusts as I slowly plunged in and out of her while Heather rubbed her swollen clit. She tensed and started to cum. She let out a quiet little moan. Suddenly, a gush of cum squirted out of her cunt, soaking my cock and Heather's fingers. Just as suddenly, her eyes were wide open, looking at me. 

"NICK!" she said i shock. "HOLY FUCK! WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED?" she almost shouted and moved a hand to her sopping pussy. Rob stirred but remained asleep. 

"It's just a dream, Jeanie," I whispered. "Go back to sleep." 

"No, that was no dream. I just had an orgasm. I squirted." 

"I fucked you while you were sleeping. And, yes, you squirted. How fuckin sexy is that?" I asked. 

"My god, that felt good," she said. Suddenly, she noticed Heather standing over us. And then noticed that Heather's fingers were on her clit. "HEATHER! What? Are you fingering me?" 

"MmmHmmmm, yes, bestie. I helped you cum," she cooed. "And it was fuckin amazing. You soaked us with your cum. I need to learn to do that." 

"Fuck yeah, you do. It feels great and Rob loves it. 'The messier, the better' he always says."

"Can you teach me?" Heather asked. 

"Yes, I can. I had to learn how. It's not that hard but it takes time and a little effort to learn." 

"Mmmmm I can't wait," Heather purred. 

All this time, I was still sliding in and out of Jeanie's soaked pussy. I was close to cumming. 

"Jeanie, I'm about to cum," I stated. 

"Do it, stud. Cum in me. Fill me up," she replied. 

"Well," I said, "I'd actually like Heather to finish me in her mouth. Heather, baby, will you suck my cum out of me?" 

"Oh, yeah! Jeanie, do you mind?" Heather asked. 

"Not at all," Jeanie said, as she slowly rolled off me and the loveseat, onto the floor. 

Heather slid over the back of the couch and took my cock in a smooth motion. She also positioned herself into the perfect 69, my fave. 

I licked and sucked her pussy and could taste Rob's salty cum in her. It wasn't much work for her to make me cum. Soon, I was filling Heather's mouth with my load. She took my cum without spilling a drop. Without warning, she rolled off me, sat next to Jeanie on the floor, pulled her head in and began kissing her. She opened her mouth and shared my cum in a long, passionate French kiss. As they kissed, Jeanie's hands moved to Heather's breasts while Heather reached between Jeanie's legs, fingering her clit. 

I simply watched in amazement. My wife, and her best friend were making out, sharing my cum, and playing with each other's bodies. I was rock hard again. 

When my cum was sufficiently shared and swallowed, they broke their kiss. They looked into each other's eyes for what seemed like an eternity as they continued fondling one another. They moved their heads together for round two. Heather's left hand in Jeanie's crotch, she reached up with her right hand and pulled Jeanie's head in tighter for the kiss. Jeanie responded in kind and also moved the hand from Heather's breasts to her pussy. 

Jeanie pulled away momentarily. "Mmmmm, Heather, I've been waiting to do this for a long time." 

"Then shut up and kiss me, girlfriend." 

They kissed like they were the last two people on earth. They were moaning and rubbing each other's clits as they continued kissing. Then Jeanie made a move. She repositioned. Just as suddenly as the kissing began, Heather was lying on the floor with Jeanie on top of her. The kiss remained intact. 

Jeanie laid flat on Heather and began humping her crotch against Heather's. Heather responded in kind. 

Jeanie pulled away from the kiss, looked Heather in the eyes, and said, "I've been wanting something else for a while too." 

Jeanie sat up, turned around, slung her leg over Heather's head, and straddled her in a 69. They began devouring each other. I suddenly realized that Rob would probably enjoy watching this as much as I was. He was still asleep on the love seat. 

I looked around me. I found a coaster on the end table and threw it at him. It hit him in the cheek, jarring him out of sleep. 

"WHAT THE FFFfff ..." he started, then noticed our wives eating each other, "FUCK!?" he said. 

I simply smiled and nodded. We sat there for the next 10 minutes watching our wives eat each other to several orgasms. They were moaning and running their hands all over each other. I had no idea Heather would even think of fucking another woman let alone watch it happen. Rob and I were both hard as a rock and stroking ourselves. 

When I felt the time was right, I motioned to Rob. It was time for us to be in on the fun. 

I moved to Heather's side as Rob positioned himself behind Jeanie. While Heather licked and sucked Jeanie's clit, Rob slid his cock in his wife. I had to move Jeanie's head out of the way, but I slid my cock into Heather almost at the same time. They both gasped at the sudden intrusion but quickly recovered. I'm not sure what Heather was doing at Rob's end, but Jeanie continued licking Heather's clit, while continuing on to my shaft and balls as I pumped in and out of Heather's cunt. 

"NOW," I said to Jeanie, "you're getting the 'twofer'." 

Jeanie chuckled, remembering our first encounter when she stroked my cock and Heather's clit. 

We were all in heaven. I fucked my wife while Jeanie licked and sucked her clit, along with my cock and balls. Rob fucked his wife while Heather did the same to him. Heather and Jeanie both had 2 more orgasms before Rob and I spilled our seed inside our sexy wives. 

We were all breathing heavy and sweating. We separated yet were all still wrapped up in each other. We were all a mess. A sexy, cum, and sweat covered mess. When we all cooled off and caught our breath, I got up, went to the kitchen and returned with four bottles of water from the fridge. The cold water was just what we all needed. 

"Well," I said, "I think I can honestly say that was the best night of my life." Everyone let out a very tired whoop in agreement. "We need to get cleaned up and have breakfast." 

"I'm down with that," Rob said and Jeanie nodded a very tired agreement. 

"As luck would have it," I said, "when we bought this house, the first thing we did was remodel the master bath. It's big enough for all of us and has multiple heads. When you're all ready, we'll head to the shower to clean up. You all up for a group shower?"

"A good hot shower, no matter who joined in, would be great right now," Jeanie said, "but sharing it with you two will just make it better." Heather agreed. 

I helped Jeanie up as Rob stood to help Heather. I pulled Jeanie in and gave her a good, long kiss. Rob followed suit and kissed Heather. We then swapped and kissed our own wives. 

"Um, before we go," I said, "um, Heather, Jeanie, where did that kiss and wicked 69er come from? You two holding out on us?"

Heather looked at Jeanie, winked, then turned to me, "Girls gotta have their secrets, baby," she said coyly. She grabbed my cock and started leading me away. "Maybe we'll share another time." 

With Rob and I being led by our dicks, our four naked, spent, cum and sweat covered bodies headed for the master bath. In the shower, without words, we gravitated to our opposite partner. Heather and Rob took one side while Jeanie and I used the other. We found a comfortable temperature for all of us and soon I was lathering Jeanie's hair while Rob was doing the same for Heather. 

I've always loved washing Heather's hair. She's a brunette with long, flowing, thick hair. Jeanie, on the other hand, has always kept her hair shorter. It's the right fit for her features but I'm a long hair man. It made no difference today. I loved lavishing her with extra care. 

I took my time giving Jeanie extra attention, massaging her scalp, and giving her a very deep cleaning. I love how the lather cascades down the body, across the breasts and back, sliding down the belly, then into the crevice of the pubic mound and the crack of the ass. I loved running my hands over Jeanie's lithe body as I washed her hair. Heather was moaning her approval to Rob as he was helping himself to her charms. 

Even though the aura was sexually charged, there was no sexual tension in the confines of the shower. Rob and I both had hard cocks but neither of us had intentions of using them. After shampooing our wives, the ladies were quick with the soap, lathering us both, and running their soapy hands all over our manly physiques. 

Jeanie played with my slippery cock with one hand while grabbing my ass and pulling me close with the other. Once our bodies were merged, she moved her fingers down the crack of my ass, found my anus, and inserted a finger. I jumped at the surprise entry and she laughed. 

"Has Heather not done that before?" she asked. 

"Oh yeah," I said, "and I always react the same. I love how it feels." 

She continued moving her finger in and out of my ass while stroking my cock. I was busy sliding my hand between her legs, rubbing her clit, inserting fingers into her love nest, and also poking a curious finger into her anus as well. She was also moaning her satisfaction in my ear. 

Even though Heather and Rob were close enough that we were constantly bumping asses or elbows, Jeanie and I became lost in each other. I could hear Rob grunting and Heather moaning but was so focused on the mutual pleasure Jeanie and I were creating for each other, they simply became background noise. The sexual tension was rising and the lack of intent was dwindling. 

After a lot of washing and groping, I pressed my body against Jeanie, pinning her against the wall. I reached down her thighs, grabbed her just above the back of her knees and lifted her slippery, soapy pussy over my cock. I let her hover over my cock for a few moments before letting her down to slide easily into her. 

She gasped at the penetration, wrapped her arm around my neck, pulled me in and jammed her tongue into my mouth. I devoured her kiss as I lifted and dropped her up and down on my hard shaft. She broke the kiss and laid her head on my shoulder. I felt her bite into my neck as she nibbled up to my earlobe then back to my neck. Shivers raced down my spine and into my already rock hard cock. 

"You're driving me crazy, baby," I whispered to her. 

"You fuck me soooooo good," she replied. 

I felt Heather's soft hands on my shoulders, turned to look at her in time to see her bent over as Rob positioned to enter her from behind. 

"Can I lean on you while Rob fills me up, baby?" she asked softly. 

"You can lean on me anytime, sweetie," I said and kissed her. 

I continued lifting Jeanie then dropping her down on my cock. She continued biting my neck and earlobes. Heather was still leaning on me but took one hand and began rubbing my ass. She reached under and began playing with my anus. 

"Oh yeah, baby, put a finger in. Finger fuck my ass babe," I moaned. 

She gently inserted her middle finger and began massaging my prostate, then slid out before slowly entering me again. She rimmed me several times as I lifted and dropped Jeanie on my hard cock. I knew I would cum soon. 

Heather, sensing my fate, inserted a second finger and probed my anus and prostate. She also knew the exact sweet nothings to whisper in my ear. 

"You like fucking my best friend while I finger fuck your ass? You like knowing that Rob's big, thick cock is pounding my hot cunt while you fuck his wife?" 

"Oh god," I moaned, "yes, baby. I love it. Fuck my ass. You want me to cum in Jeanie's hot pussy?" 

"You can cum in her pussy if Rob can cum in mine," she answered. "Can Rob shoot his hot, steamy cum in my sweet, juicy cunt?" 

"Oh, fuck yes," I replied. "He can fill you with his nectar." 

Jeanie and Rob simply enjoyed the ride and our sexy interlude. Both were moaning their desire to cum, and to fuck and be fucked harder and faster. 

Rob moaned and went over the edge. "OH FUCK! I'm cumming, Heather. I'm shooting my load in you. You ready for my hot cum?" 

"OH GOD, ROB, FILL ME UP WHILE I FINGER FUCK NICKY'S ASS!" she responded. 

That did it for me. "You ready for my cum, Jeanie?" I asked. 

"Anytime big man. Shoot it in me," she moaned as we both went over the edge together. 

Heather continued massaging my prostate until I was empty in Jeanie. I pulled her up off my withering cock and let her feet back down on the shower floor. I bent over and kissed her, eating her lips and tongue like the starving man I was. Heather pulled her fingers out of my ass, turned to Rob and stroked his semi-hard cock as she kissed him. 

"Damn, that was amazing," Jeanie proclaimed. "I've never been fucked while hanging in the air like that. And watching Rob fuck Heather while you pounded me was the biggest fuckin turn on of all time." 

"That's what friends are for," Heather smiled. 

"I'm hungry," Rob said. 

"I'm with you, buddy," I replied. "Let's get cleaned up and go make some breakfast." 

Once we all figured we were clean, inside and out, we shut off the water, grabbed our towels and dried each other. Once I was dry, I walked into the living room and grabbed the ladies' panties and our boxers off the floor. I went to our room and grabbed two of my t-shirts. I returned to the bathroom and handed Rob his boxers, Jeanie and Heather their panties and the t-shirts. 

"This will be our attire for the day," I announced. 

Heather and Jeanie slipped on the panties and t-shirts. Damn, they looked fuckin sexy. Rob and I slipped on the boxers. 

"I'm famished," Jeanie announced. 

Heather and Jeanie went into the kitchen and started up a nice pancake, eggs, and bacon breakfast for us. I watched the ladies closely to see if I could catch an overt action that would match their earlier 69. They talked and giggled, and here and there, when they thought we weren't looking, they patted and rubbed an ass cheek and gave each other little pecks on the lips. I knew I had to see them make love again. There was a look of familiarity about their actions. 

When the meal was served, we all sat fairly quiet and enjoyed the feast. I enjoy a good breakfast more than any other meal. Along with the pancakes, eggs, and bacon, we had OJ and milk. I ate my fill as did the others. 

Chapter 6 is on the way. Some very interesting secrets will be revealed when the tablet is revived with only the "Truth" category.